**~ ~ ~**
OBLIVION
By Karolyn Cairns
**~~~**
Copyright 2012 by Karolyn Cairns All Rights Reserved
I’d like thank my family at Amazon for their effort in helping writers get their work to the people. With that said; I’d like to thank the readers who inspired me. I appreciate their clever incite and helpful suggestions.
I would like to dedicate this book to my twin daughters, Caitlyn and Claudia Bright, who make life more interesting one page at a time. 

Chapter One

Heels crunched upon the rocky dirt shoulder as the girl walked down the steep mountain road. High beams dogged her every step on the uneven terrain. She didn’t look back. She didn’t have to. Jace wasn’t going anywhere.
“Lindsay, come on! Get back in the truck!” Jace called behind her, sounding annoyed. Her boyfriend since the eighth grade wasn’t leaving her to walk back home in the dark. He knew she’d calm down before her ridiculous heels gave out. 
Truthfully, she was already over the fight that sent her flying from the passenger side of his ancient pickup to stomp down the mountain road.
“You got a lot of nerve, Jace!” She hollered over her shoulder, almost tripping over her own feet again. What had she been thinking wearing these three-inch wedge sandals? “You drop a bomb like that on me and expect me just to take it with a smile?”
“No, but you gotta hear me out. I love you, Linds! Come on, let’s talk about this.”
“Talk about how you’re leaving me?” She tossed an angry look over her shoulder.
“No, talk about how I love you!” Jace called back as the truck kept pace with her now. “We can make this work, Lindsay! Please just talk to me!”
Blue eyes softened. No, she couldn’t stay mad at him for very long. Even if she felt as if her heart was ripped out she knew he hurt worse. He told her it wasn’t easy making the decision that would put them on opposite sides of the country after graduation. His father needed him at home.
Jace turned down dozens of football scholarships to good schools to stay here, in Little Bend, Montana. His sacrifice was for his father, Everett Turner. The man was the town drunk. After Jace’s mother died, Evie as he was known, fell off the wagon and rode it around town the last ten years. He left his family farm in upheaval and his three kids high and dry
Jace was giving up going to school to care for his younger brother and sister claiming he would take classes at the local community college. They both knew that wasn’t going to happen. Dougie, his ten year-old delinquent brother and his fourteen year-old sister Sara would keep him too busy playing father to them. The real one sat in Hooligan’s bar half the day.
It wasn’t fair he made the choice without considering her. Knowing how close he was with his siblings; she should have known his leaving for Georgia Tech in August would be hard. Now she would go alone.
Lindsay chose the school for obvious reasons. It was in the heart of the south and close to her favorite Aunt Billie’s residence in Savannah. Jace went along for her, deciding he could play football anywhere. 
How like Jace to wait until the last minute to tell her? He was the recipient of the LBHS unheard of ‘free ride’ scholarship put up by the town’s business owners. Her and their friends would have killed for it. He thought nothing of turning it down to stay here and try to fix his unrepentant drunk of a father.
Jace had his reasons; all good ones if anyone considered that without him, his two younger siblings would go to foster homes. Still, she wasn’t looking forward to leaving him behind. Jason Turner was her life since they were eighth graders.
The truck pulled alongside her. The engine growled noisily. His young, handsome features looked troubled in the darkness. 
“Come on, Lindsay, don’t do this to me! Get in and we can talk about this.”
“Don’t do this to you?” She asked in outrage with a toss of her high-lighted, shoulder-length blonde curls. She shivered under the khaki jacket in the late March chill. The tight low rise jeans accentuated her tiny figure to perfection.  “What about me, Jace? You put everybody ahead of me, as usual.”
“Lindsay just get in the truck!” He ordered her more forcefully. “You’re going to break your neck in those stupid shoes! Now get in!”
“No, I’m not getting in the truck, Jace,” she nearly shouted, tears in her eyes. “You go and give up everything and don’t say a word to me! When were you gonna tell me you’re staying? The day we were leaving?”
Jace’s face tightened. “I was waiting for the right time.”
“Well, looks like your buddy Cameron spilled it for you,” she said in resentment, irritated his best friend Cameron Chase knew his plans before her. 
“Lindsay, I can’t leave my family. Pa’s a mess. Dougie is on probation until he’s forty almost. I can’t dump that all on Sara!” Jace snapped and slammed on the brakes, getting out of the truck to follow her down the shoulder. He grabbed her arm and stopped her, looking down at her with a sad look in his brown eyes. “Please don’t be like this. You know this isn’t what I want.” His handsome face looked stricken in the glow of the halogen beams. She could see how upset he was to let her go alone. 
Lindsay Morgan loved Jason Turner since they met in science class back in the eighth grade. The only thing they had in common back then was the desire to be anywhere but Little Bend. The last four years the relationship deepened into something that seemed to annoy her mother and amuse all of their friends. 
They knew they would be together for the rest of their lives the minute they set eyes upon one another. The way Jace adored and doted on her was obvious and envied by every catty girl in her graduating class. He only had eyes for her. Lindsay took comfort in that when every girl in school tried to steal him from her over the years. 
When Cameron stuck his head in the truck window tonight and asked how she felt to be going to Georgia Tech alone; she felt her life unravel. Jace glared Cameron into silence. He was drunkenly promising to keep her boyfriend in line after that. They drove away from the party with a fight brewing.
She saw how anguished he was to make the decision to stay behind. Jace would never hurt her or disappoint her unless he had no choice. A frustrated sigh escaped her as his strong hands guided her to the hood of the relic he called transportation. 
He was built like a linebacker and towered over her, always a pillar of strength. He stared down at her with a sorrowful expression. His brown eyes held hers.
“Lindsay, just give me one year to get Pa in a program,” he began and she cut him off with a sarcastic laugh.
“I don’t see your pa doing twelve steps anywhere but back to Hooligan’s, Jace,” she countered with flashing eyes. “He doesn’t deserve you giving up your life for him. What’s he done for you since your mom died? All he does is layup drunk and let the state take care of you guys. What do you think giving up your life is going to solve?”
Jace stiffened at her angry words and his hands dropped from her forearms. He stepped back, his dark eyes dark with resentment. He knew it was the truth, every word she said. Still, it had to hurt to hear it. He was sensitive about his dad’s issues, having lived with it all his life. Evie Turner for a father was hard for any kid to live down.
“Some of us don’t have the choices you do, Lindsay. We don’t have a big bank account to see us through school.”
“You have a choice and you just threw it all away,” she flung back, biting her lip, hating the tears that sprang up.
“Lindsay, I’m staying here. My mind’s made up. I gotta get my dad on track before I leave the kids.”
“Jace, I won’t have a long distance relationship,” Lindsay warned softly, pain in her heart as she looked up at him. “If you don’t go with me this is it. You need to decide here and now.”
He looked outraged at her words. “Don’t pull that on me, Lindsay!”
“No! You need to think about what you’re giving up. I’m not letting up on you until you see that you can’t help him. This is our life! Our time, Jace! Why can’t you think of yourself for once?”
Jace looked sad as his eyes met and held hers briefly before he looked away. “We’re done if you can’t wait for me a year. My brother and sister aren’t going to any damn home, even for you, Lindsay. You’re nuts if you think I could ever walk out on them now. Get in the truck.”
Lindsay’s mouth dropped at his words. She hadn’t expected him to accept she would break up with him if he didn’t go with her. Obviously her ultimatum backfired. She went around to the passenger side of the truck and got in huffily. 
He got back in and put the truck in drive. “I’m sorry, Lindsay, but maybe it’s for the best. We both know you aren’t coming back here, not with your mom and dad splitting up and Lance gone.”
Lindsay felt a cavern open in her heart with every word. True, she wasn’t taking her parents imminent divorce well. That didn’t mean she would never come back. Her mother was a mess. Her father was dating a waitress half his age. Her older brother left home and they hadn’t heard from Lance in months. It didn’t mean she wasn’t coming back. How could she stay away with him still here?
“You don’t go and make decisions for me, Jace! You spring this on me tonight and expect me to just accept you’re giving your whole life up to take care of a drunk.”
“Sara and Dougie need me.”
“How are you going to take care of two kids, Jace? You make minimum wage at the mill and barely get fifteen hours a week. Zeke can’t give you any more hours.”
“I have to try.”
“You aren’t doing them any favors,” Lindsay said in a hard tone. “They deserve better than that. I told you they could get into a good foster home. That probation officer told you he would hand pick one.”
“I don’t expect you to understand.” Jace looked away. “I promised my mom I’d take care of them. I always have. I can’t be selfish.”
“What good are you to them without a decent job, Jace? Try getting a better job than the mill without school,” she pointed out, determined he listen to her. “We both know you won’t go to college if you don’t go now.” 
“My dad could get help.”
“Jace, you got a lot riding on that hope. Where was he the night your mom died?”
He said nothing as he guided the truck back onto the road. The night his mother passed away from a relatively short struggle with cancer, his father was dead drunk in an alley alongside Hooligan’s. 
He was then responsible for his three-month old brother and four-year old sister. Lindsay couldn’t know how hard it was for a seven year-old, and a boy at that, to take care of a baby and a little girl.
He did it. In the short time his mother had left in this world she instructed him on how to take care of Dougie. He raised him; literally. His father was pretty absent in those days after Dawn Turner died. They would go days without a word from their father. Thankfully, Jace was in tight with Ms. Hawthorne at the pharmacy and she cashed his mother’s welfare checks so they had food and diapers. 
After her death, the woman cashed their social security checks. Jace was both a mother and a father to his younger siblings. Who could understand such an unbelievable situation? 
Lindsay was a spoiled little rich girl until her parents split up. She never knew what it was like to shop at the Goodwill store or pilfer the lost and found at school for decent clothes. She never worried about where her next meal was coming from.
 Until recently she drove a brand new vehicle, never realizing how much he depended upon this ugly, two-toned rust-bucket truck with nearly four hundred thousand miles on it. No, Lindsay would never understand.
He recalled staying up all night with a colicky Dougie, missing unimaginable days of school to stay home with him. That was when the State of Montana stepped in. Everett Turner was found and sobered up. For a few years he stuck close to home, unwilling to lose his meal tickets, as he called his children.
Things went bad quick after that. When Jace turned twelve he was going to work, taking every paper route and odd job he could find to keep food in the house. Welfare paid the utilities but their food money fell prey to Everett’s addiction every third of the month.
Jace had his hands full with the kids and trying to avoid truancy officers. Finally at thirteen, he was emancipated and able to get his driver’s license and a work certificate. His grades suffered then. Lindsay Morgan was assigned his tutor in eighth grade science and math. 
She was the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen with her huge blue eyes, creamy complexion, and bouncy blonde curls. The first time he saw her he knew he would marry her one day. From that moment on they were inseparable. 
She brought up his grades. If not for her, he would have never gotten a passing score on his SAT exam to get into Georgia Tech. Coach Dawes assured him it was just a formality. 
They wanted his throwing arm bad enough to overlook the score. He took it personal. He strived to do his best on it. His score wasn’t nearly as high as Lindsay’s was, but few could claim that. Lindsay was one of those naturally brainy people who never forgot anything they were taught. She wanted to be a doctor one day.  
“How do you think I’d feel if I left knowing they were in foster care, Lindsay?” Jace asked her in a choked voice thick with emotion. “Do you think everything would just be hunky dory knowing I walked out on them?”
“I worry you’ll wind up like your dad if you stay.”
“I won’t ever be like him,” Jace said in contempt, staring broodingly out over the dashboard.
~ ~ ~
Unlike the rest of his football team that caroused back at the party in the woods, Jace didn’t drink. Considering what he went through with his dad who could blame him?
Lindsay had to sober up before he dropped her at the two-bedroom apartment above the grocery store. Deborah Morgan kept Lindsay tight under her manicured thumb. Curfew was non-negotiable, midnight, even if she was eighteen.
Lindsay knew it tormented her mother’s pride to live in the two-bedroom apartment above the store where she worked. Lindsay’s father owned the only hardware store in town. He had the money to put them up in a better place until the divorce was final. He just didn’t. 
His twenty-four year old girlfriend aside; he was selfish and moved on in his own life. The fact he waited until she was eighteen to file for divorce told her that. Her mother would get modest spousal support and a small settlement, but no child support.
Deborah worked for room and board. Her mom and Mr. Merriman dated occasionally, but since his wife left him too, they both just needed a shoulder to cry on. What little extra her father gave his wife and daughter was spent on food. 
Lindsay was relieved her tuition was prepaid. Her grandparents set aside a large trust of money for her when she was born. Her dad and mom couldn’t touch it, much to her relief. Her brother took his and ran recently.
“We can talk more about it tomorrow,” she said moodily as she stared out the window. “I don’t want to think about it now, Jace.”
Jace sighed. “Your Ma will be happy. She never did like the thought of us living together out there.”
“My mom is having a tough time right now, Jace. Leave it alone.”
“No, you put my dad down for being a drunk and a loser. Why don’t we look at your mom? She’s done nothing but toss out the negative since the day you told her we were going to Georgia. She’s been filling your head full of shit ever since your dad walked out! You can hate him all you want, Lindsay. You know he did it to get away from her,” Jace said harshly and pulled out on Cutter’s Pass, the road leading back to Main Street in Little Bend. 
She refused to answer him. Old arguments they were. Deborah Morgan made anyone in her vicinity miserable with her negativity and pessimism. Lindsay loved her mother, but grew tired of her endless whining, complaining, and blaming.
“I knew you’d bring her up. The difference is my mom does what she can. Your dad could care less.”
“You even sound like her now, Lindsay. You pass judgment on everybody; just like her.”
“Just drop it. I don’t want to talk about it.”
“No, you don’t talk at all anymore, Lindsay. You hear something you don’t like and you go off; just like her.”
Lindsay wasn’t defending herself or her mother. He was right. The last year changed everything. Finding out about her dad’s affair and the divorce pretty much affected her for the worst.  Gone were the trips to Helena for designer clothes, movies, and eating out. These days, she relied on rented DVD’s and frozen pizzas for entertainment.
Overnight they were moved out of their sprawling home in an affluent neighborhood in to a cramped, dinghy apartment above Merriman’s Food and Drugs. Even her car went back to the dealership to save on expenses. 
Her brother Lance took it the hardest and just packed up and left in the night. He left a note saying he couldn’t take it anymore and he was gone. They hadn’t heard from him since.
She drove her mother’s five year-old BMW station wagon now. The cute, sporty Volkswagen Beetle with the personalized plate was gone. Being the only daughter was to her advantage once. Her mother bought her whatever she wanted. 
Now it was a struggle to pay for her senior pictures, cap and gown, and the prom was out of the question. Jace didn’t have the money to take her anyway. A party was planned instead up at The Point with their friends. Cameron was planning it and said it would be the blowout of the year.
 Her father felt no guilt in dumping his old life, wife, and kids. His girlfriend Margene moved into their home and the forty-year old went crazy. He got a membership at the gym and squired his young girlfriend around town like a trophy.
 Margene was in it for the ride. She worked at Hooligan’s as a barmaid. The heavily-made up hussy was on every guy’s short list to score with on the weekend. She had two kids from two different guys that lived with her parents in Helena.
 Latching onto the middle-aged businessman was the best she could hope for in Little Bend. Known to be as easy as she was on the eyes didn’t hurt. Her father was acting like an idiot now and it pained her to watch it.
Yeah, she was bitter. Who wouldn’t be hating life about now? Maybe not Jace, she thought. For all his problems, you didn’t hear him whine like she did. They endured the drive back into town. They didn’t talk. She was too upset and he had no fight left in him. 
He pulled into Merriman’s and she got out, tripping over the strappy sandals again. She cussed under her breath, eyes bruised to know this evening didn’t end as it should have.
Jace came around to her side and looked resolved. “I’ll call you tomorrow. We can talk, but my mind is made up.”
“I’m not giving up,” she retorted as she snatched up her purse off the seat and made for the single stairs leading to her apartment. “You aren’t getting off the hook, pal.”
Jace grinned then, displaying that charming smile that dubbed him the cutest boy in school all of his life. He laughed and blew her a kiss. 
“Round two can pick up after I drop Dougie at probation. Sara has to babysit for Mrs. Alton. I’ll call you while I’m waiting on Dougie. I love you, Lindsay. Please don’t forget that. We can do this. Just trust me.”
“I love you too,” she said with a catch in her voice. She loved Jace too much. He was everything to her. Didn’t he know he made it impossible for her to leave now? She knew that was the main reason he waited to tell her. 
“No more talk about breaking up, Lindsay. We can make this work for a year,” Jace said and looked hopeful. “Sleep on it, babe.”
Lindsay nodded and was glad he didn’t kiss her goodnight. She didn’t want to turn into a marshmallow the minute his lips touched hers. She wanted to be sore as she watched him get in the truck and pull out of the lot. Standing there as all went dark and silent with only the scurrying of stray cats in the dumpster nearby; she began to cry.
She didn’t want to go in right away. Her mom would see her face and hone right in on her misery. For now, she needed to be alone with her thoughts. Thinking of leaving alone come August made her cringe.
  Her mother would be pleased to learn her boyfriend was staying behind. Deborah Morgan seemed to think the world should be miserable because she was. She would enjoy knowing she finally gotten her way. For some reason her mother always hated Jace. 
Her boyfriend was always a gentleman; always got her home on time. The heavy-petting never went beyond set boundaries.  He was the perfect boyfriend and he couldn’t have ever pleased Deborah. Jace knew it finally and gave up walking her in when they were sophomores. 
Lately, she’d been the pushy one to have sex but he refused. They would wait, he said, until they had their own place. Jace said he wanted everything to be right when they became lovers finally. 
She felt like the only virgin in her graduating class and was disgusted by it. Out of all the irresponsible boys she went to school with that pressured their girlfriends for sex, she dated one that was content to wait.  
Unlike Deborah, her dad liked Jace. The two had a lot to talk about. Jace worked for him for a time. Money was tight now. He had to let all the part time kids go to keep Sal, his fulltime worker. She should have been happy her dad approved her choice. That was hardly any consolation given how angry she was at him right now. No, her life stunk, no two ways about it.
The porch light went on alerting her that her presence was known. Deborah thought Jace and her were out here making out. She wished they ended the evening that way. Instead she would cry herself to sleep knowing there was nothing either of them could do.
~ ~ ~ 
Lindsay woke up glad her mother was working. The argument the night before still stung. Deborah was pleased Jace wasn’t going with her daughter and made no bones of it.
“You’re better off and don’t even know it,” her mother had raged, holding a cigarette between her fingers, her embittered red-rimmed eyes attesting to how she spent the evening. The half-empty bottle of vodka aside, her mother’s misery could never be drowned. Still, she tried, when thoughts of how her husband betrayed her nipped at her. Something must have set her off tonight. “Turners are nothing but trash, through and through.”
“Mom, just go to bed,” Lindsay snapped as she tossed her purse on the kitchen table. “I’m not talking to you when you’re like this.”
Deborah got ugly then, her once-pretty face filled with resentment. “You got your nerve, Lindsay. When things were good my daughter never talked to me with disrespect. Now the money’s gone and your brother’s gone and you talk to me like this?”
“You’re drunk! I’m not fighting with you, Mom!”
“I told you that boy was nothing but trash, didn’t I?” her mother flung and laughed in a raspy voice. “In the end that’s what men all do, my daughter. They just let you down. I’m not surprised.”
Lindsay was angry enough over her confrontation with Jace. She didn’t need her mother ranting against him too. Without thinking her hand swept her mother’s drink off the table. The glass crashed and splintered onto the floor. Her blue eyes bore into her mother’s.
“He’s the best thing that ever happened to me! Don’t you ever put him down to me again, do you hear? You never gave him a chance, thinking we were too good for him. Well take a good look around, Mom! We don’t have much more than him now. Instead of sitting here bitching about Dad and drinking; why don’t you get off your ass and do something about it?”
Deborah had looked like she’d been hit. Lindsay never talked to her that way before. With everything else, she couldn’t take it right now. Her mother dissolved into sobs. She went to her room and threw herself on her twin bed, feeling horrible to make her mother cry.
She didn’t hear her get up that morning. Deborah was at work when she went out of her room and saw the little apartment was picked up. The mess in the kitchen was cleaned. One thing about Deborah; she never went to bed with a messy house. The apartment might be old and the carpet and tile needed replacement, but she kept it spotless. 
Lindsay eyed the phone. The microwave clock said it was half-past nine. She’d let Jace suffer a while yet. When he called, she’d let the machine get it to punish him. Smug to think that would make her feel better she went into the bathroom and ran a bath.
~ ~ ~
Jace put the truck in park and glared at his younger brother. The small dark-haired boy wore a mutinous expression that went along with his attitude. His little face frowned ominously and he hunkered down in the seat. 
The probation officer was a nice older man in his early forties named Jack Miller. He volunteered at the YMCA. His little brother just thought the guy was a joke, refusing to see the man had any interest in him outside of settling his six months probation for shoplifting. No, Jack cut Dougie a lot of slack, not violating his probation time and time again when he could. 
This Saturday counseling was the price, in addition to their meeting for hoops at the YMCA twice a week. Jack liked the kid, even if he had a chip a mile wide on his shoulder. 
Extenuating circumstances allowed for Dougie to get off easy this last time. It wasn’t his first offense. Jace knew it was because they didn’t have any food in the house at the time. Dougie got caught in Merriman’s stealing a bag of Doritos and a frozen burrito. 
Had it been anybody but a Turner, old man Merriman might have caved and not prosecuted. As it was, Merriman had his nose broken in high school by Everett Turner back in the day. His son was given no benefit of the doubt.
“Go on, get in there.” Jace sighed tiredly. “We got a month till you’re off probation, Dougie. You know the drill. Just get in there and get it over with.”
Dougie eyed him balefully. “What does it even matter? We’re just gonna get taken away, Jace. Why do we have to keep coming here?”
“Shut up! Nobody’s going anywhere!” Jace practically hollered at his little brother. “I’m staying here. I’ll be eighteen in a month and your lawyer says I can get custody of you two, alright? Now get in there.”
Dougie’s eyes widened. “You aren’t going to Georgia? Jace, what do you mean you’re not going?”
“Just what I said, Kid. I’m staying. So go make nice with Miller.”
“But you gave up the scholarship, Jace? You can’t do that! Coach Dawes really went all out to get that for you.”
Jace looked away, feeling the guilt to know the football coach he loved like a father had yet to know of his plans. If he left, his brother and sister would be wards of the state of Montana. How could he be that selfish? He couldn’t. Coach Dawes was the least of it. Thinking of Lindsay made his heart ache. Letting her go felt like his heart was being slowly yanked out.
“I’m not leaving you two. We’ll make do, always have.”
Chapter Two
Dougie eyed his older brother in anguish, knowing he gave up his whole football career for them. He felt anger course through him. He wanted to go to Hooligan’s where their father was working on getting drunk and bash him upside his head. Jace didn’t deserve this. 
Dougie got out of the truck and walked into the sheriff’s office where Mr. Miller waited, feeling the weight of the world on his small shoulders. He looked back before going in, watching to see Jace waited there for him. He didn’t worry. The hour he met his counselor, his brother would sit patiently waiting for him. He would be there when he got out.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay frowned when it went on three in the afternoon and Jace still hadn’t called. Neither of them had cell phones. It was frustrating to wait for the call when they got back to the farm. By five that day, she was working on getting really angry. 
She had to meet her dad for dinner at six at Reddy’s diner to beg money for the final deposit on her class pictures. She didn’t have time to wait on Jace. As she was leaving, a sense of foreboding was dismissed. Jace was dependable to a fault. He said he would call her after dropping Dougie at probation. That was hours ago. Where was he?
~ ~ ~
Jack sat with him all day. Dougie looked sick to think Jace left him. When he came out an hour after his appointment, the pickup was gone. That was nearly eight hours ago. Miller bought him a Happy Meal and let him hang out in his office while he waited.
“How about I run you out to the farm and see if he just forgot?” Jack asked, glancing at his watch again and frowning. “I don’t mind taking you home.”
Dougie fumed. “My brother’s coming.”
“Son, your brother must have gotten distracted. It happens.”
“Not to Jace. He wouldn’t leave me.”
“We have to go and pick up Sara too. The Alton’s said he hasn’t been by there. Mrs. Alton got off work at three. Your sister hasn’t heard from him.”
Dougie didn’t want to leave the last place he saw his brother. He knew something was wrong the minute he walked outside the sheriff’s office and Jace wasn’t there. He let Miller feel like a big shot by giving him and his sister a ride anyway.  His young face was tight with worry. The feeling something was wrong stayed with him long after Mr. Miller saw him and his sister home.
~ ~ ~
Bill Morgan had premature grey that looked suspiciously green from the agents he now used to cover it up. He got up from the booth and smiled at his daughter. The only thing she could do is endure the brief hug he gave her. He looked good and appeared fit. Margene was good for him in that way. 
“I went ahead and ordered for you, honey. I got your favorite chicken fried steak and fries,” he was saying as he sat back down and glanced at his new hi-tech cell phone, smiling at a text message he received from his girlfriend.
Lindsay was disgusted at his words. That dish hadn’t been her favorite here since she was twelve. Her father paid scant attention to her the next few minutes as he painstakingly sent a message back to Margene.
“I need to pay off my class pictures, Dad,” she said directly. “There’s a hundred dollar balance and Mom doesn’t have it.”
He was smiling as he got another alert, not appearing to have heard her. She was worried about Jace and wanted to get this over with so she could go look for him. The urge to snatch the phone and chuck it against the wall was refrained. She needed the money.
“Dad? Can you do that later?”
Bill Morgan smiled guiltily and put the phone in his pocket. “Margene wants to go to Helena tonight. What did you say, honey?”
“My class pictures have to be picked up,” she said in a controlled tone. “I need the money.”
“Hundred bucks, huh? Whoa, that much? I’m a little short this week, kiddo. How soon do you have to pick them up?”
Lindsay was annoyed. Obviously he had the money to take Margene out in Helena but he didn’t have the money for his kid’s senior pictures. The desire to get up and storm out of there was overwhelming. She ate her pride and forced a smile.
“Dad, it’s a month overdue already. It’s the middle of March. I have to get my announcements out in two weeks.”
She watched as he reached into his wallet and was disgusted to see the wad of money he had. He counted out five twenty dollar bills and handed it to her grudgingly. She took it and decided she wasn’t waiting for the chicken fried steak. 
“I can’t stay to eat. Just box it up and take it home,” she said as she stood. “Mom needs the car and I gotta get back.”
He was already reaching for his phone by then and didn’t seem to notice. She stood there a half second longer to see he was punching keys into his phone. She left the diner and was in a foul mood. 
To be fair, he had never been the most doting father. He paid the bills and had an excuse to be gone during their childhood when he took over the family business after her grandfather died. 
It really wasn’t a surprise to know he was sneaking around with Margene Prescott.
Her parents married out of high school when Deborah got pregnant with Lance. Her older brother told her about it years ago. He overheard one of their many arguments. Had they been more careful; the two would have never worked as a couple. Her father was too needy and narcissistic; her mother too controlling and cold. They stayed together for over twenty years. Lindsay wondered if Margene was the first girlfriend her father had in that time. It didn’t matter. 
It was like she didn’t belong in his life anymore. Now she knew why Lance left. He’d always been close to their father. He took it all very personally. She smirked as she got into the station wagon to go find Jace. Her father would be shocked to know Margene knew Lance very well.
Her twenty-three year old brother was running around with Margene the whole time she was seeing their father. It was too much for Lance to endure. He left rather than deal with it. Lance swore her to secrecy. It pleased her just to know the reason Margene seemed to go out of her way to keep him away from his kids. It was obvious she worried they would tell.
As Jace would say; it would all come out in the wash. A firm believer of Karma; he predicted this situation of his own years ago when they huddled in the fort he built in the woods. He said he would get stuck raising his brother and sister. A more optimistic Lindsay told him all would work out then. The Lindsay today waited for the other ball to drop. 
Jace would have walked through fire to call her. He knew she hardly slept last night after their fight. He would never have tortured her like this by not calling first thing. Anyone who knew Jace knew that. He was always thinking of other people’s feelings first. Something kept him from making that call.
She worried it all the way out to the Turner farm. She turned onto the deeply-rutted drive and grimaced to feel the shocks absorb the impact. The farmhouse hadn’t seen paint in decades. The barns and out buildings were leaning and near to collapsing. A tractor sat rusted in the center of a field in the distance. The place looked like a junkyard now. 
Everett liked to drag home worthless non-working items like washers, dryers, and even old toilets. The yard was littered with them. She felt sorry for Jace, knowing even if he got guardianship of his siblings, he would still have to deal with Everett. His father wasn’t going anywhere, not when there was a drink in it for him.
She loved Jace and thought he was perfect. But, he was his father’s worst enabler. He paid his father to stay away so the kids wouldn’t be subjected to a drunk. As it was, Evie stayed with a bar fly named Addie Panks in town. He never saw his kids much but was happy to show up at his son’s job to demand his half of the welfare check each month. Jace was happy to give it to him just to keep him out of their hair.
A light was on in the living room. Sara and Dougie ran out on the rickety porch when they saw her headlights. It was getting dark. She was worried sick to see their expressions, mirroring her own. Something was very wrong. 
Dougie ran out to the car, Sara fast on his heels. “Hurry Lindsay, we gotta go back into town. Jace is missing.”
“What do you mean he’s missing? Slow down, Dougie. Tell me what happened.”
He looked miserable. “I came out from talking to Mr. Miller and he was gone. I waited all day for him and he never came back. Mr. Miller brought us home.”
“Get in,” she said without hesitation. No, that wasn’t Jace at all. Dougie was like his own kid. He’d never leave him anywhere, or Sara. The girl’s brown eyes were filled with worry. Lindsay watched her in the rearview.
“Did he say he had to run any errands after he dropped you off, Sara?”
“No, he said he and Dougie were going to hang out at Cam’s for awhile, until I got done sitting for Mrs. Alton. He didn’t want to waste the gas going home and coming back for me.”
“So he has to be in town,” Lindsay said and fought a wave of panic so the kids didn’t see it. She knew how much they relied on Jace. He was like their parent. “There has to be an explanation. Let’s just go to Cam’s and see if he’s there.”
Lindsay drove back to town and discovered Cam wasn’t home.  She chewed her lip and wondered if the kids were hungry. She only needed forty dollars for her pictures, reasoning the other sixty was child support. The kids had to eat.
“Let’s stop and get you guys something to eat first and we can finish looking.”
“Lindsay, something is wrong,” Sara wailed and tears filled her eyes. “I feel it. Something happened to Jace!”
“Shut up!” Dougie snarled and turned on his sister. “He’d kick the crap out of anybody!”
“Enough, you two,” Lindsay said firmly. “Quit fighting. We’re gonna go grab a pizza at the bowling alley and put our heads together. For all we know; he’ll find us.”
The two kids sat tensely in the backseat. Lindsay could see Dougie was near tears. She felt badly now for expecting Jace to be so selfish and leave them. Seeing how shaken they were reminded her of how much they loved their older brother.  
That bond was a source of anxiety for her this last year. A small part of her wanted him all to herself. Without thinking of these two kids at all; she forced him to choose.
~ ~ ~
Sara and Dougie ate dutifully. She could see they were still worried sick about Jace. She ran out of ideas where to look for him. Cam walked in with two other guys on the football team. He smiled and waved at her, coming over immediately to snatch a slice of pizza off the table.
“You still mad at me, Lindsay?” the handsome young blond boy asked as he ate the pizza, straddling a chair. “I thought you knew he wasn’t going. Jace chewed my ass this morning when I saw him.”
Lindsay stiffened. “What do you mean? I thought you went to Helena? That’s what your mom said.”
“Nah, my dad dropped me in town when I ran into Jace.”
“What time was this?”
“It was before ten. He was waiting for Dougie. I had him run me out to Marnie’s house.”
Lindsay made a face. She barely tolerated Marnie Slade and only because her and Jace were childhood friends. The girl lived on the wrong side of the tracks, wore way too much eyeliner, and seemed to hate Lindsay’s guts.
“He’s missing, Cam. He never got back to pick up Dougie.”
Cam’s eyes widened. “He was on his way to pick up Dougie when he left me. Marnie wasn’t home so I hung out on her porch.”
“He never got back there. Mr. Miller took Dougie and Sara home.”
“Did you go tell Sheriff Wilson?”
“I wanted to look for him first. We had a fight. He had a lot on his mind.”
Cam looked a bit worried and glanced at Dougie and Sara. “He wouldn’t blow off the kids, Lindsay.”
“I’m going to talk to the sheriff. I’m worried sick.”
Cam’s friends came back and they also snatched a piece of pizza, acknowledging her with slight leers. She ignored them, her expression tense.
“It’s after eight, Cam. Where could he be?”
Jace’s best friend told the guys to go on ahead of him to a party and offered to help her look. She was relieved, knowing Cam knew where Jace hung out if anyone did.
“What about the kids, Lindsay?” Cam said when the pair left to use the restroom.
“They can stay with me tonight. We have a pullout bed. I don’t know what else to do. If I call Miller, he’ll call the state.”
“Old man Turner is passed out in Hooligan’s. We just finished a game of pool over there. We need to find Jace fast. They find out he’s MIA; they’ll take the kids.”
Lindsay drove and they must have gone up and down every street in town looking for him. Finally, she dropped Cam at his car and the kids at her apartment. Then, she went to the police station. 
Sheriff Wilson was nearly sixty and ready to leave for the night when she arrived. He seemed unimpressed with what she told him.
“Lindsay, he isn’t officially a missing person until tomorrow morning,” he informed her as he locked up for the night, leaving a dispatcher inside and a young deputy.
“You know Jace, Sheriff. He’d never leave Sara and Dougie like this.”
The old man frowned. He knew how devoted Little Bend’s best hope was to his younger siblings. He sighed and opened the door back up, gesturing for her to come with him.
“Dan, the Turner boy went missing,” the sheriff told his deputy. “Take a statement from Lindsay and see if Bob will keep an eye out for the truck.”
Lindsay was relieved. Bob was on patrol and Dan minded the store while their aged sheriff went home to sleep. Little Bend never saw more than shoplifters, speeders, and the occasional fender bender. 
Dan Dooley was in his mid-twenties, sandy-haired, and a few years older than Lance. Lindsay didn’t like him and never had. Rumor had it he was seeing Marnie behind Cam’s back.  
Dan might be seven years older and a cop, but Marnie was eighteen and hardly jail bait. He was good looking, but the smile never quite reached his eyes. He seemed annoyed to have to take a report from her. His pleasant demeanor vanished when the sheriff walked out of the station.
“Don’t you think this is a waste of time, Lindsay?” he asked in irritation as he got all the forms under the counter. “He’s a Turner, for crying out loud. Did you look to see if he’s sitting next to his old man in the bar?”
“He doesn’t drink, Dan,” she informed him coldly. “He’d never leave his brother here all day. Didn’t you think it was a bit odd?”
Dan glared at her. “We don’t sit here and eat donuts all day, Lindsay. I didn’t know Dougie was still here until Miller closed up for the day.”
“I know Jace. Something is wrong. He’d never leave the kids.”
“Ok, just calm down and fill these forms out,” Dan said in irritation. “I have to go in the back and send a patch out to Bob. If we find Jace, I’ll call you.”
“Thanks, I appreciate it.”
Dan eyed her with a knowing grin. “Do you want to know something, Lindsay? I always had a crush on you when I hung out with Lance.”
She gazed at him without expression, not interested in knowing what he thought at all. “Yeah, well had my brother known, he would have nipped it in the bud. He was awfully protective.”
“You hear from Lance these days?”
Lindsay frowned as she took the clipboard from him. “No, he hasn’t called at all. When he calms down, he will. The thing with our dad and Margene was getting to him.”
Dan’s eyes seemed to linger on her in a way that made her aware the sheriff’s deputy still had said crush on her. 
“Margene will get bored with him. Maybe he’ll go back to your mom.”
“That’s not happening. The divorce is final in June.”
“I’m sorry Lindsay. I always liked your mom.”
“She’s having a rough time, but she’ll be ok.”
Lindsay filled out the papers as Dan left her to dispatch the missing persons report on Jace. The guy came back after several minutes and looked slightly disturbed. He made a call and took the papers from her. Within minutes, Sheriff Wilson came back through the doors, looking wide awake and alarmed. 
“Dan, you tell Bob to get a crew up there from the State Police pronto,” he called to his deputy, eying Lindsay gravely as he approached. Something in his face made her feel cold all over.
She dreaded asking. “What is it?”
Sheriff Wilson looked uncomfortable and ashen-faced. “Lindsay, Bob found the truck. He found Jace. He’s dead, honey. I’m sorry.”
Lindsay stared, too stunned to react. Jace wasn’t dead. This wasn’t happening. One word escaped her.
 “How?”
He looked visibly shaken and upset and looked away from her tearful gaze. “Bob said he found him dead. I’m sorry, Lindsay, but you have to go home now and let us handle this.”
She didn’t hear him anymore. Her breath stopped with a painful tightening in her chest. The panic in her expression must have alerted Sheriff Wilson she was about to lose it. 
He hollered in the back for Dan. She crumpled against the counter, raw sobs escaping her now. Sheriff Wilson held her while she cried. The old man set her away from him, his kindly eyes meeting hers.
“It’s gonna be ok, Lindsay. I know this is hard for you, but were gonna get the guy who did this.”
Lindsay was too shocked to do more than cry and tremble.
“Dan, we're gonna be crawlin’ with State boys within the hour. Take Lindsay home and go out and help Bob secure that crime scene,” the sheriff hollered.
Lindsay followed the deputy from the building, not aware she still held the clipboard in her hands. She sat frozen in disbelief in the front seat of Dan’s SUV patrol vehicle. He pried it out of her fingers, seeing how pale she was with a concerned look. He said nothing as he rushed to get her home. She resented the excitement he didn’t bother to hide to know he got his first big case since becoming a cop.
Tears flooded her eyes when he dropped her at her stairs. She crumpled at the bottom, hyperventilating in her anguish. What was she going to do without Jace? Who would have done such a thing? Everyone loved Jace. He had no enemies. This wasn’t happening. Dazed, she stared into space with no sense of time. 
She had no idea how long she sat there until the headlights of Mr. Merriman’s vehicle alerted her that her mother was home from her dinner date. She felt drained and incredibly empty inside. The horror of her boyfriend being murdered didn’t seem real until Deborah and Mr. Merriman approached. He wisely took his leave, seeing her obvious distress.
“What is it?” her mother asked as she rushed forward, eyes filled with concern. “What’s happened?”
“It’s Jace, Mom,” she whispered hoarsely, her devastated gaze blinded with fresh hot tears. “He’s dead!”
Chapter Three
Deborah looked shocked and before Lindsay knew it; she was in her mother’s arms. Her anguished sobs must have alerted Dougie and Sara. They stood on the mat at the door to the apartment crying now too. Their immediate needs made her suddenly aware they must be devastated.
She wiped her eyes and looked up at them in sorrow. “I need your help, Mom. I don’t know what to tell them.”
Deborah took over then, whirling her daughter upstairs. She ushered the two children into the apartment and sat them down. The heart-wrenching scene was surreal. Sara sobbed loudly in Lindsay’s arms. Dougie looked sick to hear his brother was gone. The little boy was trembling and shaken.
While her mom took over with Dougie and Sara, a call came in from the sheriff’s office. Everett was too drunk to make the official identification of his son’s body. The State Police were there. It had to be done. Deborah looked furious to know they expected Lindsay to identify him. 
In the end, Lindsay went, numb and mentally drained. Dan came by to get her at three in the morning, looking like he was happy to have a murder case. She wanted to take his night stick and slap him around at his thoughtless behavior.  
Standing outside the room where Jace lay, she took a deep breath and closed her eyes. The coroner waited within. It had to be done. She pushed open the door and met the kindly look from the coroner and his assistant from Helena.
The sheet was pulled back. She gasped with a plaintive sob and turned away. Her eyes would never forget the bluish, dead face of Jason Turner as long as she lived. The agony of seeing his lifeless face kept her from seeing the many stab wounds to his chest and neck thankfully. 
She cringed in the lobby to hear about the high number of stab wounds he received from an unknown assailant. It was surmised it was a robbery. He withdrew money at an ATM prior to dropping off Dougie. Six hundred dollars was withdrawn. The money wasn’t found on his body. 
He dropped Cam at Marnie’s trailer on the other side of town. Something happened to him on his way back. They speculated he picked up a drifter. They didn’t know anything for sure and the questions were many.
His body was found lying next to his truck on a deserted road along Route 4. The truck was parked off to the side of the road, hidden in the trees. She could only guess Jace was forced to drive there, tortured at the images of his dying so hideously. 
It was too out of his way for the police to not assume he was followed and attacked after using the ATM machine. The bank was notified for a video of the transaction. There was a slim hope it captured his assailant.
This was Little Bend. There were no security cameras here. People didn’t die from being murdered, just from disease or old age. People didn’t lock their doors at night or worry about maniacs with knives lurking about. Everyone thought they were safe from crime. The murder shocked the town of three thousand people. 
News crews arrived from Helena within the hour. By noon the following day, the murder went national. Everyone asked the same question. Who would have done such a thing?
Lindsay stayed home from the school that first day, dodging the reporters that buzzed everywhere looking for a story.  The story on TV painted a glowing picture of Jace, his football career, his devotion to his family.  She couldn’t bear to watch, too heartsick to even get out of bed.
Her mom was looking after Dougie and Sara. She couldn’t do anything for anyone right now, except cry until her eyes swelled shut. The police questioned Cam and Marnie the most. They kept bringing Cam back in for questioning those first few days. Something in his story didn’t sit well with the cops. 
The three hour gap between Jace dropping him at Marnie’s and her arriving home to find him on her porch at one-thirty, made Cam a potential suspect. It was ridiculous. Cam was Jace’s best friend. They should be out looking for Jace’s killer, but within days of the murder, it was rumored they were looking at Cam more closely.
“Shut that crap off, honey. You don’t need this right now,” Deborah said as she poked her head in her daughter’s room and went and shut off her TV on her dresser. “You need to get up. The funeral director wants to meet with you and the kids today to plan Jace’s funeral.”
“I don’t want to deal with this now, Mom!” Lindsay cried and shoved her ravaged face back into her pillow.
Deborah frowned and sat on the end of her bed. Her blue eyes were sad. “None of us do, Lindsay. It has to be done. Foster’s funeral home agreed to handle all of the expenses for the funeral. You owe this to Jace and the kids to see this through. They just want to get a few ideas and pictures of Jace.”
“Why ask me?” Lindsay seethed and flung her mother a resentful look. “Why not ask that no good father of his?”
Deborah sighed sadly and pulled the worn quilt off her daughter. “Everett went on a bender as soon as he heard about his son. You have to get up, Lindsay. Enough is enough. I know what you’re going through. Things have to be done for him. His dad is worthless right now. Think of Sara and Dougie, baby. They can’t do this alone.”
Lindsay wiped at her tears. Her face stung. She knew she must look as bad as she felt. Her mother handed her a tissue and stood. 
“I know you think I’m heartless that I’m making you do this, but you can’t think about all the pain right now. I went through this with my dad when he passed. Grieve for him when he’s finally resting, sweetie. That will get you through the next couple of days.”
Her Mom went out and closed the door quietly. Lindsay knew she was right. She owed it to Jace to make his funeral arrangements. Foster’s was generous enough to bury Jace now. She couldn’t let them make all the arrangements without some personal input. A hollow stabbing pain was felt in her heart to realize two days before she’d been planning their life together. Now she planned her boyfriend’s funeral.
~ ~ ~
Gary Wilson was in law enforcement longer than he could remember. A former Marine Corp Vet, he did his time and became a cop when he got out of the military. A ten year stint in a rough Chicago precinct back in the day reminded him the Turner boy’s murder was far from resolved.
 When the State boys rolled out of Little Bend two days later, they waited for the FBI to step in. He shuffled the coroner’s reports, countless statements from witnesses who documented the Turner boy’s last movements, and something just didn’t fit.
The boy was unquestionably devoted to his younger brother and sister. He wouldn’t have left them in town unattended. Cameron Chase insisted Jace Turner agreed to give him a ride to Marnie Slade’s trailer that morning. That was when the questions began.
Cameron insisted he was dropped at the Slade trailer before ten in the morning. Not one resident of the squalid trailer park could verify Chase’s presence on Marnie’s porch until after one in the afternoon. The Slade girl didn’t arrive home from work until one-thirty. Why would Cameron wait for his girl for three hours knowing she wasn’t at home? 
The murder scene was also less than three miles away. The cop in him saw the obvious gaps in Chase’s alibi of where he was those three and a half hours. Unlike everyone else, he saw it as opportunity. The Chase boy was the last one to see Jace Turner alive. Like it or not, he was a potential suspect.
Gary also saw how quick the boy demanded his father be called and an attorney as soon as he was brought in for questioning. If the kid didn’t have anything to hide; he sure acted fishy from the start. Something in his manner disturbed Sheriff Wilson. Those soulless blue eyes seemed unaffected from the grief he should feel to know his best friend was just murdered. 
The sheriff had little to go on retracing Jace’s steps. The boy withdrew six hundred dollars from his account at shortly after nine, dropped his brother at the office, and went to an antique shop down the road to buy his girlfriend a gift. 
Amelia Warren of Amelia’s Boutique and Gifts verified the antique ruby and diamond ring was purchased by Jace Turner before ten that morning. She said the two boys met up outside the storefront and left together. The receipt for the ring was found in his pocket, but the ring was missing, and three hundred in cash he had left on him.
This all troubled Gary. He was less than two months from retirement and Dan would take over as acting sheriff until the next election. He didn’t like the way this case pulled at him like no other had before in his career. 
Maybe it was the way the Morgan girl sobbed all over his shirt uniform that night, or it was his thoughts of his own son. Whatever it was, it kept pushing at the notion Cameron Chase was hiding something.
Unless they charged the Chase boy, they had no cause to continue to bring him in. Gary sighed and sat back, looking out the window of his office. His grey eyes were narrowed thoughtfully.
 The Slade girl knew more than she let on. The Goth-looking girl wore too much make-up and her skirts were too short. She got around too. Dan claimed he ‘hit that’ plenty when she came in for questioning.
Gary saw the nervous way the girl smoked and avoided his eyes. She claimed to know Cameron was waiting for her that morning, though unlikely, as no text messages and calls were exchanged between them. 
She backed up Cam’s story but her demeanor was far from normal. She waxed between crying and looking tough during the interview. She and the Turner boy were close. How close was what Gary wondered. The Slade girl ran around. According to Dan she was a freak in the bed.
He should be thinking about fly-fishing and seeing his grand kids, not piecing together a murder right now. Dan needed this experience and he put him in charge, but the deputy refused to see the obvious that was in front of him. 
Growing up with all these people in Little Bend made it impossible for him to see the Chase boy as a suspect. Dan hung out with Cam’s older brother in school and vouched the boy was a good, decent kid, if a bit wild the last year. 
Dan refused to consider Chase as a suspect, going with the lone, murdering drifter theory the State cops believed. Gary might have believed that too, except it was too easy.
Gary had to sit back and let Dan handle the investigation. He was looking into a couple theories of his own. The missing ring was troubling him. Obviously, the boy planned to give it to Lindsay Morgan. The two were going away to school together in the fall. He debated the wisdom in telling the girl. She was so broken up she hadn’t left her apartment since. 
Even more tragically, the state workers would arrive that week to take the Turner kids unless they got a family to take them in here. Nobody wanted Everett Turner at their door and would likely refuse to take his kids in. 
The heartbreak of the case was even more profound when it was learned Jace Turner was giving up his golden ticket to the NFL to stay behind and care for his siblings. Gary knew such a noble sacrifice was rare among kids today. Maybe that was why he decided to do his own digging.
Chapter Four
Darkness and pain were all he saw or felt before his eyes. He sat up and groaned. How long he lay here; he didn’t know. All he could think of was getting to Dougie. He forced his body to move. He staggered to his knees and looked around the dank alley in confusion. It was night. He heard sounds of city life beyond the alley. 
Music and horns blared loudly. Where was he? He shook his head to clear it, feeling foggy and disorientated. The last thing he recalled was driving Cameron out to Marnie’s house. 
Cameron had used every trick in the book to get him to take him there. At first he refused, unwilling to chance Dougie getting done early. Then, he was driving down Route 4 and Cameron was playing with the radio. That was the last thing he recalled before everything went blank.
He took a couple steps and his head was swimming. He went down on his knees. He had to get to a phone and call Lindsay. The kids would be worried sick. Somehow he’d been kidnapped and dumped here. His eyes were swimming as he took in the surrounding alley. The stench from nearby garbage made him gag. He struggled to remain upright, looking around to get his bearings.
Heavy metal music blasted not far away. Loud raucous female laughter and shouting were heard. He stepped into the entrance of the alley. His gaze took in the scene grimly. Wherever he was; it wasn’t Helena. It looked like Gotham City to him. The city block was deserted except for a bar on the corner. 
He stumbled toward the neon sign flashing Deadhead’s Lounge. Along the way, he gazed about him in anxiety. The businesses all looked abandoned except for the bar. Everything was painted black. Even the concrete under his feet was black. Combined with the starless, moonless evening, the light from the bar was the only one he saw.
Jace approached it and saw a large bald man with a tattooed head standing out front. He was dressed all in black and looked dangerous. He glanced at Jace and his cold, flat eyes burned into his.
“We don’t take Newbie’s in here. Get outta here before they see ya.”
“Wait!” Jace insisted, looking alarmed. “I need help. I think I was attacked and robbed. I need to use your phone.”
That seemed to amuse the big man. He chuckled and his massive arms folded across his chest. “Ya don’t need a phone any more, kid. Trust me, you look like ya got diced up pretty good back there.”
Jace looked down and his eyes widened to see his blood-drenched plaid work shirt. He felt no pain. His hands went to his chest and he felt no wounds there. His confusion was obvious. The big man seemed to see that.
“Ya need to find Merrick. He can help ya,” the big man said. “Take my advice and go, kid. When those animals walk outta there; they'll make you wish you were more than just dead.”
Jace appeared confused at his comment. “Who is this Merrick?”
“He’s like the greeter here. He shows ya the ropes. Usually he finds you guys before you wake up and get into trouble.”
“Where am I?” Jace demanded, looking around, alarm evident on his face.
“Welcome to Oblivion, kid,” the big man said and grinned. He turned and went back into the club, leaving Jace standing alone on the sidewalk.
He looked down one length of darkened street and the other, fuming to know he’d never heard of a town called Oblivion in Montana. He turned and decided to take a right and explore his options. He needed to get to a phone and call Lindsay. 
Knowing his girlfriend probably called the National Guard made him hurry down the street. His clopping footsteps echoed eerily as he walked. Suddenly those footfalls were joined by another set, heavier and more hurried than his. He looked over his shoulder and saw nothing behind him. 
Jace walked about a mile and began to realize he was being followed by the time he got to the next city block. Whoever it was seemed content to trail him. Apprehension filled him to know he was alone in this strange city called Oblivion and his pockets were empty. 
The money was gone. Worse, the ring he planned to give Lindsay was stolen. The impulse to ask her to marry him came upon him as he waited for Dougie. He reasoned if they were engaged, she would wait the year he asked of her so he could get his family issues resolved. 
Once he was home, another reality would hit him hard again. The three hundred dollars left over was for another matter; one that he regretted with every bit of his soul. 
He was lost in thought and not paying attention when he was struck from behind. He was tossed into the wall of an alley just as an arm slid around his neck, forcing him up against the bricks.
“Hold still, kid,” a gruff, deep voice growled at his ear. “Those spooks ya got on your tail ain’t leavin’ by the looks of things. You’d have to wake up too soon.”
Jace’s eyes widened, thinking this was the man who attacked him and robbed him. He continued to struggle.
“Get your hands off me!” he raged and fought hard, but the man was strong.
“They see ya and it’s all over, kid. Trust me and zip it.”
“Who are you?” Jace croaked.
“The name’s Merrick. Your tour guide here in Oblivion. I waited for you to wake up and thought I could go handle another bit of business. My bad. Sorry ‘bout that.”
Jace stopped struggling, realizing the man meant him no harm. He was strong though, pinning him to the wall like an immovable force. Jace was six-two and two hundred and ten pounds soaking wet. The man who held him pinned to the alley wall did so without hardly any effort.
“I need to make a call,” Jace began and glared in the darkness. “I got jumped. My girl is probably losing it by now. Just let me go and tell me where a phone is.”
“No phone here, kid. Boy, you’re one of those. Great.”
Jace was confused. “One of what? What are you talking about?”
“You’re dead, kid. Ya just don’t know it yet. Sorry, it happens when you don’t see it coming.”
“What are you talking about?” Jace said in a seething tone. “I’m not dead! I’m not even hurt. This blood all over me isn’t even mine.”
“What’s the last thing you remember?” the gravelly voice asked.
Jace recalled Cameron playing with the radio. They had just turned onto Route 4. He remembered nothing else.
“I must’ve been knocked out. I don’t remember how I got here.”
Merrick chuckled. “Ya got whacked back there, either way. You can fight it or accept it; that’s up to you.”
Jace was furious. The man made no sense. “I just need to call my girlfriend. Can I do that?”
“Nope, that doorway’s closed. You got two choices here, kid. You can pipe down and follow me, or I’m leaving you here. I’m too tired to fight off more Deadheads tonight.”
“What are Deadheads?”
“Let’s just say; they don’t like us none, kid.”
“What did you mean by the doorway is closed?”
“Anybody ever tell you that you talk too much? I’ll explain everything when the coast is clear. You got three Deadheads on your tail, and they ain’t happy.”
“What do they want with me?”
“They get off on pain. That’s something you can still feel even if you’re dead. They like tormenting Newbies. It makes them happy.”
“You keep saying I’m dead! I’m alive,” Jace snapped under his breath, aware the footsteps were growing louder.
“Hate to break it to ya, but ya got whacked pretty good back in your life. You’re dead and you’re trapped here in Oblivion. Don’t ask me why you didn’t get the pearly gate treatment. I don’t judge.”
Jace scoffed at his words. “Yeah ok, this is a joke!”
“Like I said; you can fight what I’m telling you. It only makes this worse for you. The sooner you accept you’re dead the sooner you can move on.”
“What is this place?” Jace asked with a feeling of dread. “Is it Hell?”
“Nah, that place is a real shithole. This is a temporary place in between, or not so temporary for some of us.”
“What do you mean?” Jace demanded, playing along to stall for time.
“Depends on how ya got off’d, for one. Suicides are lifers here. Most of the Deadheads are suicides. Accidents get out of here pretty quick once they realize it and reroute them. The murdered are here indefinitely. If ya can’t remember what happened to ya, chances are you’re an accident or somebody whacked ya. Either way, you’re stuck here for a time.”
“What about the people who die naturally?” Jace asked hesitantly, thinking about his mom.
“Those lucky bastards get the full treatment, either good or bad, depending upon where they get assigned.”
“I don’t get it.”
“You will, now zip it. They’re real close.”
~ ~ ~
Jace was relieved when the mountain that pinned him to the wall moved away. He turned and saw the mountain was a man of medium build, black, and grinning at him outrageously. He wore black military-style gear and boots and carried a number of weapons at his waist. Merrick was his name. It was obvious Merrick was his ticket home.
“Why can’t I call my girlfriend?” he demanded when the Deadheads were gone from the walkway.
“You don’t give up. Get it through your thick country-cracker head, you’re dead! I’m sorry, but you are. We don’t get any live ones here too often,” Merrick explained and shrugged. 
Jace looked sick to hear it, wishing this was some nightmare he would wake from. Yes, that’s what this was. He was unconscious and all of this wasn’t real. Soon, he would wake from this and all would be back as it was.
“Listen, I got a little brother and sister who count on me,” Jace began. “I need to make a call and make sure somebody’s looking after them until I get home.”
Merrick rolled his eyes. “Look, I know this is all a lot for you to take in. I deal with you guys all the time. I’m telling you the truth. You’re dead. This is a halfway house between the upstairs and downstairs we all know about. What ya need to do is figure out why you’re here. That’ll help. You can’t remember anything at all?”
“No, I gave a buddy a ride to his girl’s house. The last thing I remember is him—” Jace broke off then, recalling Cameron asked him to stop so he could take a piss on the side of the road. He saw himself pulling off and Cam got out. After that, he couldn’t seem to remember anything.
“Nice friend ya got there. Chances are he’s the one who whacked ya.”
“Will you quit saying that?” Jace snapped. “Cam and I been friends since the fifth grade. He didn’t kill me!”
“Somebody did or you’d remember it,” Merrick said knowingly. “That’s the thing about getting murdered. Something happens to keep you from seeing it. Don’t know why. Best thing to do is just wait for enough pieces to come back to put it together. This guy was the last one with you. Hate to say it but he’s the dude who whacked ya.”
“Cam has no reason to kill me! I’m his best friend!”
“Sometimes people just kill for fun. I know it ain’t right, but there it is. This kid might have just wanted to know what it felt like, or he just hated your guts and you didn’t know it.”
Jace refused to believe Cameron killed him while he waited for him to relieve himself on the side of the road. It made no sense. He and Cam had differences recently, but it was all resolved. Or was it? 
He thought of the circumstances and stiffened. He felt a rush of fear and anger, and dread. He recalled Cam begging him to run him out to Marnie’s, even knowing he had a half-hour before Dougie was done with his counseling.
“Why can’t I remember it?”
“The mind protects itself from the truth. Trust me you wouldn’t want to see what he did to you. Look at all the blood all over you. He messed you up good.”
Jace refused to accept it despite the insidious feeling Merrick spoke the truth. The horror of it made him stumble slightly and he felt lightheaded. The thought he would never see Lindsay again filled him with sorrow. Then there was Sara and Dougie. What would become of them now?
“Easy, I know this is too much for you to handle right now, but you gotta get a grip,” Merrick said and looked watchful as he looked at the alley opening. “My place is on the other side of town. We gotta get you out of here. You’re a sitting duck for Deadheads. I’ll help you as much as I can to get by down here, but the rest is up to you.”
“Do you have a phone?” Jace asked again and Merrick swore under his breath.
“Kid, you need to take my advice and accept my word for it. You’re straight up, no comin’ back from it, dead!”
Merrick gestured for him to follow him and Jace had no choice but to go, still unwilling to believe this wasn’t all just a dream. They walked through the dark grim city, avoiding the occasional other presences Merrick seemed to see and hear before him. 
They walked a couple miles and came to a warehouse. Merrick punched in a code on a keypad and a buzzer went off. The garage door opened and he stepped inside. Jace followed and Merrick punched a button along the wall and the door shut. He flipped a switch and lights went on inside the warehouse.
Jace looked around at the sight of old cars, new cars, and work benches and swallowed hard to see all the weapons hanging there. It looked like a military arsenal within. Merrick gestured for him to follow him upstairs. They took the steel stairs up to the second level. Merrick opened a door and stood aside, letting Jace inside.
The lights came on and it looked like a pretty normal apartment within. Merrick led him to a room and opened the door. Inside was a bed and little else.
“I reserve this room for Newbies. Sorry, but you’re my fourth one this week. I didn’t have time to change the sheets. You can use a shower and get you some new duds. When you’re cleaned up; we can talk some more,” Merrick told him, his brown eyes meeting his solemnly. “I’m sorry, kid. It’s a tough break. But you’ll find once you accept it, things will go better for you.”
Jace didn’t know what to say. Merrick shut the door and left him. He went inside a private bathroom and saw only a walk-in shower there and a sink; no toilet. He was confused over it, but shrugged and disrobed. He tossed all the bloody clothes in pile and started the shower. When the water was hot enough, he got in, sighing under the spray. 
Once he was clean, he wrapped a towel around his waist and stepped out of the room. In a closet hung gear like Merrick’s. He leafed through them and found a set his size. He dressed and was relieved to find a pair of boots that fit him on the closet floor. Once dressed, he stepped out into the hall, looking for Merrick.
“I’m out here, kid,” he called and Jace followed the voice. He walked through the living room where a couple of tables and couches were. He stepped out onto a fire escape. Merrick lounged in a chair, kicking back, smoking a cigarette. Jace shook his head when he offered him one. Merrick gestured to a chair and he sat, looking out over the dark, gothic city with a grim expression.
“What time is it?”
“It’s past noon,” Merrick said and grinned. “Ain’t no sunshine when you gone. This is it.”
 Jace looked distraught as he sat in the lawn chair. “What’s up with no toilet?”
“You don’t have to do that anymore, kid. That’s a human thing. Down here we eat, we drink, and we do all kinds of things ain’t fit for your wet-behind-the-ears, but we don’t do that.”
Jace wondered why he didn’t feel the urge associated with going to the bathroom. He reasoned he would see this nightmare through. He looked out over the city.
“How long have you been here?”
Merrick shrugged. “I can tell you what year I died. Don’t know what day it is or the year right now. Time ain’t like that here.”
“It’s March, 2011 in the…real…you know.”
“Then, I been dead going on forty years now, I reckon.”
“How did it happen?” Jace asked, his eyes meeting Merrick’s and seeing a flicker of pain in the black man’s gaze.
“I messed with the wrong dude, like you did, kid.”
Jace looked irritated. “You keep saying Cam killed me. He was my best friend. He wouldn’t do that.”
“You’re dead and he was the only one there. Maybe you don’t want to accept it.”
“This can’t be real,” Jace said again and shook his head. “I can’t believe what you tell me.”
Merrick shrugged, undeterred. “You don’t sleep any more either. You’ll figure it out soon enough. Down here we got rules though. You best learn them or you’re going to wind up some Deadhead’s play toy.”
“What are the rules?” Jace asked in a tense voice.
“Number one: stay away from the Deadheads. They ain’t your friends. They’re twice our number and growing down here. They think this world belongs to them. Number two: learn to use the skills you got to survive down here. When you’re ready, I’ll teach you what I know. Number three: and this is the most important one of all. Don’t try to contact the living.”
“I have to call my girlfriend! She needs to know I’m ok.”
“Kid, I don’t know how to get through to ya. You’re dead now.”
Jace remained stubborn. “How do I know this isn’t some weird dream I’m going to wake up from?”
Merrick chuckled and pulled a wicked knife from his waistband. Before Jace knew what he was about the man stabbed the knife through his hand, penetrating through his flesh to the chair. 
“You feel that, kid? That’s pain! You still feel it because your soul is still here, not passed on yet. But you don’t bleed no more. Look if you don’t believe me.”
Jace howled as the knife stabbing through his hand sent a burning pain up his arm, assuring him it was very real. He didn’t bleed though. Merrick pulled out the knife and Jace held up his hand and saw the wound close before his eyes. His eyes widened in fear.
“No, this isn’t happening.”
“What’s your name, kid?”
“It’s Jace, Jace Turner.”
“Welcome to Oblivion, Jace Turner.”
~ ~ ~
Lindsay was sitting in numb silence during the service in Foster’s funeral home. She wore a borrowed black dress and her mother’s pearls. It was standing room only. Every soul in Little Bend turned out for Jace’s funeral. They were holding a candlelight vigil that evening in his memory. She looked at the huge, blown- up senior picture of Jace on an easel next to his coffin and a fresh wave of crippling pain. 
Mostly she felt guilt, thinking of how they fought the night before he died. She refused to kiss him good night. Tears made her eyes burn to think of how much she would give to have those precious moments back. It was too late.
As the preacher spoke, she glanced sidelong at Sara and Dougie. Sara wore a pained, hollow expression throughout. Dougie still looked disbelieving his older brother was gone. Both kids had to deal with the reality that was fast approaching. 
A state worker arrived at her apartment to interview her and her mother. The Alton’s expressed their wish to keep Sara but not Dougie. Considering his recent and past brushes with the law; he was labeled troubled. The kids wouldn’t be kept together. Dougie would be placed in a boy’s home in Helena if nobody took him in.
Lindsay knew Jace would roll over in his coffin right now to know what he tried to avoid came to pass. It was all so unfair.  She tried to blot out the image of his suffering during the heinous murder. The nightmare she hoped to wake up from seemed never ending.
Jace was stabbed over sixty times before he died. The murder was an extreme act of rage; the police said in the newspaper. They still investigated Cameron as a suspect too.
Everyone commiserated with Cameron now, knowing the police were just doing their jobs. Not one soul in Little Bend thought he murdered Jace. It was just a formality and they seemed content with what little Cam could tell them. Dan Dooley was heading up the investigation, claiming the drifter theory was more than likely.
Deep down, Lindsay knew Jace wouldn’t pick up some hitchhiker. He was wary of strangers. Still, those last hours were a mystery. She looked back at the stage in Foster’s where countless people now passed to view the body. 
She remained seated with the Turner kids. None of them wanted to see what a great job old man Foster did on Jace.  Her mom sat with Mr. Merriman and she was relieved for once that her mother was here with her.
Deborah was unfailingly supportive and helpful with Sara and Dougie. She wouldn’t keep Dougie though. Lindsay understood her mother’s feelings. It was a lot to take on and she didn’t know how she was going to get by after the divorce was final. The little boy was a handful and likely to be more so now that his older brother wasn’t there to keep him in line.
Lindsay’s eyes flared with disgust to see Marnie Slade walk by to pay her respects. The black miniskirt she wore displayed legs that went on forever. It almost showed her backside as she bent to kiss Jace’s forehead in his casket. Undeniably, she was pretty with her wide-set hazel eyes and full lips. 
The dark-haired girl was nearly as pale as a corpse with her use of cosmetics. She had black, curly hair she wore in outlandish styles. Today she was more reserved and wore her long hair in a bun. Lindsay could see Marnie grieved for Jace. The two had been friends since they could walk. Everett and Marnie’s dad went way back and the pair grew up together.
Marnie took her place in the pew reserved for his closest friends. She didn’t spare Lindsay even a glance as she sat next to Cameron and his football teammates. Coach Dawes openly wept, the older man devastated to lose his star quarterback and a boy he looked upon like a son.
Lindsay endured the funeral and was relieved once it was over. Reddy’s diner had a potluck offered after the funeral. They were taking donations for the children now. The Alton’s were under a lot of pressure by the state to take both kids. They were firm. Lindsay thought they saw a way to have a free live-in babysitter and felt spiteful for such thoughts as she drove Sara and Dougie to Reddy’s after they filed out of the funeral home. 
The town donated what they could as they passed through the diner and grabbed a plate of the food the town’s ladies provided. By the end of the day, the Turner children had eight hundred dollars in their box on the counter. 
Sara and Dougie both wanted to use it for a headstone for their brother, despite their need for other things. Lindsay knew they were exhausted when Sam Reddy finally locked the door and the cleanup followed.
“Sweetie, why don’t you take them back to the apartment? I’ll help clean up,” her mother offered as Mr. Merriman left and she slid in a booth across from her daughter.
Lindsay nodded, looking at Dougie and Sara with a sad expression as they sat at the counter sipping shakes Mr. Reddy made them. “The Alton’s signed the papers today. They take Sara tomorrow. If nobody takes Dougie by Friday; he goes to the boy’s home.”
“Somebody will come forward, honey.”
“What if they don’t, Mom? Jace was giving up his whole future to keep them together. This is just wrong!”
Deborah sighed and looked away from the little boy, feeling miserable about his circumstances. 
“You leave in a few months, Lindsay. I’m too old to take on a little one or I’d do it. The income alone from the state is enough incentive.”
Lindsay knew the kids were suffering and dropped the subject as they came back to the table.
“You guys ready to get out of here?” Lindsay asked and both nodded.
“Hon, I’ll go and box up some food for you to take home with you,” Deborah offered quickly and left the table.
Lindsay knew it was guilt that chased her mother into Reddy’s kitchen to pack a to-go box. She eyed Dougie with a sad smile. He tried so hard to be brave now. She saw the way his eyes continued to tear up. The little boy was close to his breaking point. That was when Jack Miller arrived at the diner. Mr. Reddy let him in and he approached with a smile.
“Hi guys, how’s everything going today?” he asked in concern, his eyes on Dougie. “Why don’t we take a walk, pal? I want to talk to you for a minute.”
Dougie got up and stepped out with Mr. Miller. Lindsay could see how much he dreaded it, as though Miller arrived with more bad news. 
“He wants to take Dougie.”
Lindsay looked up at Sara in surprise. “Can he do that?”
“The lady from the state said it was ok,” Sara said in relief and looked at Lindsay with a tearful expression. “I thought I’d never see him again.”
Lindsay was thinking of what a relief it was the children would remain in the same town and school. They would at least see each other now.
“How does Dougie feel about it?”
Sara rolled her eyes. “You know Dougie? He still thinks Mr. Miller is a jerk.”
“Your brother needs to count his lucky stars the jerk is willing to take him in.”
“I know, I told him that this morning when they came to see us.”
Lindsay waited for Dougie and frowned when she saw Marnie and Cam arguing across the street outside his car. She could see Marnie was crying. Cam looked disgusted as he jumped in his dad’s car and left her standing there on the walkway. Something in the stark, terrified expression the girl had on her face tugged at Lindsay. 
She tore her gaze away as Mr. Miller returned with Dougie. She could see the little boy looked a bit relieved, if not happy. Jack grinned as the kids went to put their dollars in the jukebox, leaving Lindsay alone with him.
“I think it’s great what you’re doing for Dougie, Mr. Miller. Jace would have been pleased.”
“The kid’s a hard nut to crack, but he’s been through a lot. I got the room at my place. I offered to take Sara too, but because I’m a single guy, they said no.”
“You would think they would try harder to keep them together.”
“Lindsay, they’re lucky anyone takes them. Everett Turner will sober up and go looking for his kids. I don’t think he realizes his rights are terminated by the state.”
“What happens now?” she asked as she watched the kids pick out music.
“Temporary custody is awarded. If nothing changes; it becomes a permanent foster home after ninety days. I see the Alton’s putting Sara out when Everett shows up on their doorstep. You know he will.”
“What then?”
“I’ll offer to take her in again. The chance is slim,” Jack said sadly. “You would think me being a juvenile probation officer reduces my risk to them. It doesn’t. They won’t place a female minor with a single man.”
“I tried to talk my mom into it,” Lindsay said. “I’m leaving for Georgia in a couple months and thought she might want the company. She said no.”
“Lindsay, they’re in good hands. I plan on following Sara if that happens for Dougie’s sake. He needs his sister. If I have to drive to Helena every day for them to see each other, I don’t mind.”
“Dougie is lucky to have you, Jack,” Lindsay said with tears in her gaze.
“He doesn’t see it that way yet.”
Lindsay looked at Dougie and a lump formed in her throat at how much he looked like Jace. She felt lost without him. He wasn’t coming to pick her up for school in the morning. He wouldn’t walk her to class or sit with her at lunch. Jace was gone. Try as she might; it was hard to think about the time they spent together without breaking down and falling apart.
And the outrage grew; the anger that someone dared to take him from her. She choked on her bitterness to think whoever killed Jace was walking around free after destroying what he worked for with one selfish act.
“Jack, he needs you now more than ever. Don’t give up on him. Jace never did.”
Jack chuckled and nodded. “I know. The first time I met Jace; I couldn’t help but notice that he acted more like a father than a brother. I have some big shoes to fill. Dougie worshiped him, Lindsay. I don’t think his brother could do any wrong in his eyes.”
“Jace was one of a kind, Jack. Both the kids are going to be alright. I really believe that.”
“What about you, Lindsay?” Jack asked quietly, his kindly face concerned. “How are you holding up?”
“About as good as anybody who just lost the love of their life,” she whispered with a sad smile. Tears brightened her gaze and her lips trembled. “Some days I don’t get out of bed, others I keep thinking this isn’t happening. I don’t know what I’m going to do without him.”
Jack looked at her with understanding in his gaze. “I could say what everybody else does when you lose someone. The truth is you always miss them. When you get as old as me you might even still get misty-eyed. This hurt is the worst it will ever get right now. It gets better in time. I know I sound like everybody else.”
“No, that’s the first time anybody said that. I feel an ache right now. It feels like my heart’s breaking more every day, Jack. I can’t breathe sometimes. I feel like I lost something so rare and good; I’ll never have it again.”
Jack nodded in understanding. “I lost my wife Linda to cancer ten years ago. We never had kids. We wanted to wait until we could afford it. Then she got sick. I held her until she died and a part of me went with her. After that, I couldn’t even stand to think about all the good times. I started to wish I hadn’t loved her so much because of how bad it hurt to lose her.”
Understanding gleamed in Lindsay’s eyes. “I took all his pictures down in my room. I couldn’t stand to look at them anymore.”
Jack nodded. “I did that too. It was probably five years before I went through our old photo albums. Losing someone you love is the hardest when you love them the best.”
“Do you date?”
Jack rolled his eyes. “Here and there, but nothing serious. I had a few relationships. I’d like to say women like my Linda are on every street corner. They’re not.”
“If you never feel that way again; can you live without it?” Lindsay asked softly, eyes wide. “I think that’s what I want to know.”
Jack looked away and didn’t answer right away. “That’s when you put their pictures back up on the walls.”
Lindsay thought about what he said. Before she could answer, Sara and Dougie came back to the table. The jukebox played quietly in the background. They both looked exhausted. This was their last night together. Tomorrow Sara would go to live with the Alton’s and Jack would take Dougie. 
Her mom came back with a ridiculous amount of food. The introductions between her mother and Jack were priceless. Their mutual interest was obvious. She took the boxes and watched as Deborah Morgan sat down, a light in her eyes Lindsay never saw before.  
 Lindsay hid a smile as she ushered the kids out of Reddy’s. It was obvious her mom and Jack hit it off instantly. Always a good sign when her divorce was final soon. She felt a measure of relief to know her mom would bounce back. Knowing Deborah had a few male admirers was a comfort.
Chapter Five
Gary eyed Dan with a raised eyebrow as they sat across from one another in his office. 
“Dan, I’m not tellin’ ya how to do your job. You’re acting sheriff today, of all days. Do yourself a favor and don’t turn a blind eye to the Chase kid any more. He’s guilty as sin.”
Dan shrugged. “I’m satisfied Cam’s telling the truth, Gary. Why are you so insistent the kid had something to do with the murder?”
“Just a gut feeling I have, and years of listening to them.”
“Ever been wrong?” Dan asked and shook his head.
“No not once. Call it a gift. I smell guilt all over that kid, Dan. Jace Turner deserves his justice,” Gary reminded him sourly. He stubbed out his cigarette and stood up in Dooley’s new office. “Do yourself a favor and get that search warrant. Call it an early retirement present for me if I’m right.”
Dan sat back and considered his words, trying to appear like he had thought of it himself. 
“You think he has that ring stashed away somewhere, don’t you?”
Gary rocked back on his heels and shrugged. “It wouldn’t hurt to have his room searched and even better while he’s in school.”
Dooley wanted to solve this case. He was all over it. He knew the citizens of Little Bend could vote him out the next election if they didn’t like Gary’s choice of predecessor. Solving the Turner murder could do much for his career. Many said he was too inexperienced to take over. Gary agreed but there was no one else to take the job.
“What about the attorney? This could look like harassment.”
“You find that ring; you got Cameron Chase charged with murder one and everybody in this town can sleep at night. The news will be all over the country.”
Dan tapped his fingers on the desk and whistled. “What gave you the idea the kid did it?”
“Marnie Slade knows something she’s not telling. She gave it away by admitting she didn’t know Cam was coming over that day. The kid acted on impulse or he had another motive. I think he lured Jace Turner out there and killed him. He had over three hours to get cleaned up and be on that porch. Problem is getting him to admit it. We need a confession.”
“What was the motive, do you think?”
Gary raised an eyebrow. “I got the gut. The rest is for you to figure out.”
“You realize we got nothing on Cam at all right now? No murder weapon, no witness, and his prints should be there. I’d like to know how we look at charging him.” 
“Isn’t police work fun? Get the warrant and hope those DNA samples come back before you see the judge. I’ll bet we can link Cameron there. You don’t stab someone sixty-seven times without leaving something behind.”
“If you’re wrong about this I’m going to look like a jackass.”
“If I’m right, you’re gonna look like a sheriff.”
~ ~ ~
Lindsay watched as Jack loaded Dougie’s stuff in the trunk of his car. She smiled at the little boy bravely. Inside she wept for how unfair this all was to him and his sister. Sara was at the Alton’s two days when her dad showed up drunk raising a ruckus. Dan Dooley escorted him from the residence but the couple rethought their intentions to keep Sara. The girl arrived back at the apartment in tears. Her mom took Sara in.
The girl couldn’t be placed with Jack Miller. Her mom was starting to cave when it came to keeping Sara. Hopefully Deborah would decide before the state worker arrived the following day to take the girl. It helped that she and Jack were inseparable since the wake at Reddy’s.
Her mom would end up keeping the teenage girl, she knew. Amelia Warren owned the antique shop next to her jewelry store and her son was bringing over another twin bed to go in her room. Lindsay was confused about Amelia’s words earlier about some gift Jace bought for her. She received no gift and wondered if the old lady was getting senile.
Cam pulled into the lot. She smiled and walked down the stairs to meet him. He was a regular visitor since the funeral and the greatest source of comfort to her. Just being with him, made her feel a little closer to Jace. He grinned as he drew up in his dad’s new black Mustang, music blaring. He turned down the radio and grinned at her.
“School skipper! Hey, when you coming back to school? Everybody is all over me.”
Lindsay’s smile faded. She couldn’t do that now. “I got all my work turned in and made arrangements to take my finals. I’m not going back, Cam. I can’t do it.”
“Lindsay, he’s gone. I miss him too. He would be ticked to know you gave up the last weeks of school to cry over him.”
She stiffened, angry now. Jace had been gone a week and Cam acted like it was no big deal. 
“I can’t take those looks everybody is giving me now. Feeling sorry for me. Mrs. Abbott said all my teachers agree I’m ok to take finals early. You’re just jealous you have to go another month.”
Cam laughed and his fingers tapped on the door. “It won’t matter for me. The grades won’t change.”
Lindsay knew Cam would graduate by the skin of his teeth. His best hope was to get picked up by a headhunter from a college for football. Cam had always joked about being Coach Dawes second choice. She knew now that Jace was gone Cam was up for the scholarship.
“You see Evie around town?”
“Nah, we were in Hooligan’s last night and he wasn’t there. Why?”
“I ordered a headstone for Jace. They need a family member to sign off for approval before they can put the order through.”
“Good luck with that. I heard Evie is takin’ it pretty bad.”
Lindsay made a disgusted sound. “Considering he didn’t show up at his own son’s funeral, I’m not surprised.”
“They condemned the farm today.”
Lindsay stiffened, knowing that was inevitable. “I already took Dougie and Sara out there to get all their stuff and whatever they wanted to save. I’m not surprised.”
“Lindsay, are you still going to Georgia in the fall?”
“My plans haven’t changed. I need to get out of here.”
“Maybe we will be seeing each other down there. Coach Dawes said the scholarship is open now. He offered it to me.”
Lindsay felt tears in her eyes. Why would she be surprised? Life went on, even if Jace was gone. Still, it had been only a week. Now Cam was being offered everything Jace lost. 
“Are you going to take it?”
Cam frowned and avoided her gaze. “I got all kind of offers now. Georgia Tech is a good school. My dad said we should look at all of them.”
Lindsay felt a bitter surge of anger, even if she was happy for Cam. Jace dying opened the door for him. She tried to calm down, knowing it was unreasonable for her to feel this way. 
Jace and Cam were best friends since the fifth grade. He would have wanted Cam to have everything he was willing to give up. She suddenly thought of the argument he had with Marnie the day of the funeral. 
“What’s up with you and Marnie?” she asked and saw him stiffen slightly.
“We broke up and she doesn’t get it,” Cam said and shrugged. “She was runnin’ around with Dooley and I caught her. It’s for the best. She isn’t ever getting out of Little Bend.”
“I’m sorry, Cam.”
“Don’t be. I’m not. I can’t wait to get out of here.”
Lindsay could see Cam meant what he said. He couldn’t wait to leave. “I thought I’d feel that way. Now I’m kind of sad.”
“What are you doing tonight, Lindsay?” Cam asked casually as he adjusted the mirrors on the car. “Some of us are going up to The Point. You wanna go?”
“No, I’m hanging with Sara tonight. We’re getting some movies. My mom and Jack are going to dinner in Helena and I’m keeping Dougie too.”
“Sounds like fun,” Cam said with a frown. “You know they aren’t your problem now, Lindsay?”
“It’s not a problem for me, Cam,” she said with an angry look, wondering why Cam was being such a jerk over her hanging with Jace’s siblings. “What’s your problem? They just lost their brother. They need all the friends they can get.”
“I was thinking about you, Lindsay. You need a break.”
She calmed down immediately, seeing he meant nothing by it. “I like being with them. It helps.”
“Jace was my best friend, Lindsay. Don’t you think I don’t miss him too?” Cam asked and his blue eyes met hers with a sad look in them. “But I knew my buddy and he wouldn’t expect me to fall apart over this. You know it too. He wouldn’t mind you getting out once and a while.”
“Not tonight, but I’ll keep that in mind,” Lindsay said and felt a bit of relief when Cam drove away. His pressuring her to go to a party aside, she found his bouncing back so quickly disturbing. Cam wasn’t acting like he just lost his best friend. Who was she to question how someone grieved? Maybe partying eased his guilt over making Jace run him out to Marnie’s that morning. 
“Lindsay! You got a phone call,” her mother called from upstairs at the door.
She went up to the apartment and took the call. It was Gary Wilson, the sheriff.
“What’s up, Sheriff Wilson?”
“Lindsay, we need you to come down to the station. We just have a few more questions. Do you feel up to it?”
“Yeah, I’ll be there in a few,” she promised. “Any leads yet?”
She heard a pause on the other end of the phone. 
“We can talk about it when you get here.”
Deborah looked concerned as her daughter hung up the phone, looking past her in the kitchen to see Sara watching MTV on the couch in the living room.
“What’s going on?”
“That was the sheriff. He wants to talk to me.”
Deborah looked worried. “I hope they catch whoever did this, honey. I get the creeps every time you walk out of here.”
Lindsay did too. “I don’t care what anybody says. Jace wouldn’t pick up any hitchhiker on the highway. I don’t buy that at all.”
Deborah nodded and smiled. “Hurry back. Jack is picking me up at six.”
“You and Mr. Miller are quite the item.”
Her Mom’s look was slightly dreamy. “Jack’s a nice guy, Lindsay. He’s fun too. I can’t remember the last time I had this much fun.”
She was happy for her mom. Meeting Jack might elbow Mr. Merriman out of the way but it was the best thing for Deborah right now. 
“I don’t want Sara to know where I’m going, Mom. She’s bummed out the Alton’s bailed on her and doesn’t need this.”
Deborah nodded sadly. “I’ll tell her you went out for more munchies. Hurry back.”
Lindsay grabbed the keys and her purse. “Be right back.”
~ ~ ~
Gary watched Lindsay enter his office and smiled. She was probably the cutest girl in Little Bend. A good girl too; not like some of the ones he saw hanging out in town. She was going somewhere in life. The sadness in her eyes reminded him of why he called her here tonight. Those anguished blue eyes brought him to the questions. She sat in the chair opposite him, looking tense.
“I wanted to ask you some questions off the record, Lindsay.”
“I thought Dan was handling the case now.”
Gary smiled and sat back in his chair. “This is off the radar, Lindsay. I think we both know Dan isn’t looking in the right direction for who killed Jace.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, her pretty face filled with unease.
“Did Jace and Cam have a fight recently? How did those two get along?”
Lindsay knew Sheriff Wilson was responsible for all the heat put on Cameron and was defensive of him immediately. 
“They were best friends, Sheriff Wilson. He loved Jace! Everybody did! What is this all about?”
Gary sighed and lit a cigarette, exhaling slowly, his steely eyes trained on her face. “Lindsay, his story doesn’t jive. Marnie refuses to talk to us. That’s why I called you in.”
“If you think Cam had anything to do with Jace’s death you’re wrong!”
“Am I? Lindsay, we both know he was the last one to see Jace alive that day. His story doesn’t add up. What’s more; he just got offered the LHS scholarship. Tell me it doesn’t sound like he had a motive?”
The Little Bend High School scholarship for football passed to Cameron when Jace died. The enviable free ride scholarship was funded by all the business owners in town. It was hardly a secret Cameron was second choice for it. That hardly gave him a motive to murder Jace.
“I think you’re reaching here.”
“I think if you stop seeing what you want to see; you can see where I’m going with this, Lindsay. Nobody saw Cam on Marnie’s porch until after one that day. Where was he for over three hours?”
Lindsay refused to think Cam could do something so awful. “So, because nobody saw him; that means he killed Jace?”
“You tell me? You’re a smart girl Lindsay. You knew Jace. Do you really think he would pick up some drifter off Route 4 like they think?”
“No, he wouldn’t have.”
“Alrighty then. Trust me, the last thing I want to do is arrest a seventeen-year old kid for this, but it all points to Cam.”
“I can’t believe he could do that, Sheriff. I’ve known him all my life!”
“That’s why none of you see it,” he said sagely and stubbed out his cigarette. “We have no leads in this case, Lindsay.”
“What does this have to do with me?” she asked finally.
“You’re close with Cam too, right?”
“If you think he would admit something like this to me, think again!” she cried. “I can’t believe you would even accuse him!”
“I’m asking you to hang out with him, look for things with fresh eyes. Can you do that?”
“You’re asking me to spy on him, you mean?” she queried in disgust. “You don’t have any proof of anything against him; just a feeling?”
“Lindsay, I’ve been a cop for over thirty years,” Gary snapped harshly suddenly and sat forward, his eyes intense. “I’ve seen stone cold killers show more emotion than that kid did over his best friend getting killed! Did you know he never showed a bit of remorse when we told him how Jace died? Not a flicker or even a twinge of pain. I know you don’t want to think him capable of it, but he and the Slade girl are hiding something.”
“You’re dragging Marnie into this too?” Lindsay asked in annoyance.
“Marnie had no idea Cam was even at her house until she got there, Lindsay. Don’t you think that’s a little odd considering they broke up? She covered for him by saying she must have forgotten when she invited him over, but I could tell she was lying.”
Lindsay felt a sense of icy dread, recalling how Cam had invited her to a party tonight, chiding her over mourning her boyfriend who’d been dead less than a week. She questioned how he could act as if Jace’s murder was no big deal.  
“That doesn’t mean he killed him.”
“It doesn’t mean he didn’t either. The day Jace died he took six hundred dollars out of his account from the ATM machine. He bought you a ring that day. It’s an antique gold, diamond, and ruby ring. It was missing. We found the receipt in his pocket. He had half the money on him and it was gone too. We think Cam stole the ring and the money.”
Lindsay flinched at knowing Jace intended to give her a ring, recalling her ultimatum the night before. It prompted him to leave his brother and find some means to get her to not break up with him. Fresh guilt assailed her to know that had he stayed put waiting for Dougie, he might not have….what?  She couldn’t make herself feel responsible for that. 
“You want me to spy on him? So what am I looking for?”
Gary smiled grimly and stubbed out his cigarette. “The ring is missing. We think he has it stashed somewhere. We got denied a warrant to search his room. That’s where you come in.”
“You want me to search his bedroom? And just how do I do that?”
“Cam has to pass all his finals to get the scholarship. Mr. Chase needs a tutor for him. If you were tutoring him; you would have access to his room and could help us find it.”
Lindsay was dismayed at her sudden desire to help. If she found nothing she could remove Cam’s guilt, she realized. Either way, she would put the matter to rest and satisfy her own sudden doubts. His behavior was strange. Cam’s lack of remorse was obvious and bothered her.
“Fine, I’ll do it. I’ll approach the guidance office when I pick up my assignments tomorrow and sign up for tutoring.”
Gary looked relieved. “Lindsay, never forget how Jace died. If this kid did it, he’s dangerous. Don’t take any risks to yourself. ”
Lindsay stood up and was surprised to find her legs wobbly. “I don’t think I’ll find anything, but I’ll look.”
Garry watched her leave the office and picked up the phone. He called Dan into his office. The younger man entered and sat down.
“She said she’d do it. We’re in.”
“Gary, you realize even if she finds this ring; it doesn’t prove he killed Jace?”
“It’s enough to get him charged,” the retired sheriff said and sighed. “We might break him down and get a confession by then. Either way; it’s all we got.”
“I saw Marnie last night,” Dan said and his hazel eyes narrowed. “She’s sticking to her story. She lied and said Cam dumped her after the funeral, not a month ago. Bob said he even saw Cam leaving her place last night.”
“Keep an eye on her and see what she’s up to. We really don’t need her anymore. Lindsay is going to be tutoring Cam and she’ll search the room while she’s there.”  
“There’s something else, Gary,” the young deputy said and grimaced. “She says she’s knocked up.”
“Is it yours?” the older man asked in mounting irritation.
“Hell no, it isn’t mine,” Dan replied hotly. “I always wore protection. She doesn’t know who the father is. Guess who she says it might be?”
“Don’t tell me she’s claiming it’s the Turner kid’s?”
“Yep, Mr. Perfect was banging Marnie behind his little girlfriend’s back.”
“Did Cam and Jace fight over it?”
“No. She said Turner took responsibility whether it was his or not.”
“Did she get the abortion already?”
“No, that’s why she came to see me. She asked me for three hundred dollars. She said Jace was supposed to give her the money and he died before he could. Apparently, that was what the money was for that he withdrew that day.”
“You give it to her?” Gary asked and frowned at Dan’s disgusted expression.
“It’s not my problem the little tramp got knocked up, Gary. Besides, she’s over three months along now. It’s a little late for that. She has to have it now.”
Gary didn’t think much of Dan Dooley. He applauded Jace Turner for being man enough to claim responsibility, even if he wasn’t sure it was his. It said a lot about character. 
“This whole thing might get ugly if that information gets out.”
“Everybody knows, thanks to Marianne Chase and her big mouth. Marnie tried getting money out of Cam’s dad when Jace didn’t come through. That’s when Cam told his parents it wasn’t his, but Turner’s. It’s all over town.”
Gary thought of Lindsay’s reaction to hear her boyfriend got Marnie Slade pregnant and nearly groaned aloud. This wasn’t good at all. The girl didn’t need any more grief and they needed her to spy on Cam. It was obvious Jace Turner had his share of secrets before he died.
“The pregnancy might have been the motive.”
“I don’t think so. Cam knows Marnie’s nothing but a tramp. Trust me he wouldn’t have killed Jace in a jealous rage over Marnie. Besides, Jace wasn’t the only one she was seeing.”
“Let’s hope Lindsay digs something up we can use.”
“You think it’s wise to involve her? What if she tips Cam off we’re looking for the ring? He could get rid of it if he hasn’t already.”
“No, he took it as a memento. He’s not going to part with it.”
Dan rolled his eyes. “You think you got him pegged, don’t you?”
Gary lit another cigarette and smiled. “I would put money on it Chase killed Turner. Look at how much he had to gain?  We sit back and see how all this plays out now. We have to have it wrapped up before Chase leaves town.”
“We don’t have much time. The kid graduates next month.”
~ ~ ~  
Jace stared up at the moonless sky. He heard loud country music coming from Merrick’s kitchen and grinned despite himself. He would have never taken the man for a redneck. Merrick’s preference for music aside; he was full of information about this new world. Oblivion it was called. No sun, no moon, and no stars greeted him each day. Time passed with agonizing slowness.
His face grew tense. This place wasn’t Hell but close enough in his opinion. The monstrous Deadheads aside; there were other dangers. Demons were an issue. They wanted the soul he still retained. Merrick said the demons came in many forms and to trust no one. It was his motto. He’d been tied to this place for over forty years after he was murdered by a fellow gang member.
Merrick’s advice was priceless and few. The three rules he drilled into him were followed to a tee that first week. He didn’t have a problem staying away from the Deadheads. He didn’t fail to cooperate in Merrick teaching him to survive. What he couldn’t promise is not to try and reach back into his former life to let Lindsay know he was alright.
It was possible, Merrick told him. All he had to do is learn how to project his consciousness. Ripples existed that separated this place from the world. Projection involved using his mind to breech the dimensional fold between life and Oblivion. The rippling membrane was visible and appeared out of nowhere. One only had to walk through it. 
He was to find it was not as easy as he thought. He was a fledgling Newbie, as Merrick would say. Besides learning to survive down here; he was expected to defend those like Merrick who guided those like him, saving them from both Deadheads and demons alike. That involved guns; he was to learn. 
“Hey! Crackerboy! Where are you at, kid?” Merrick called out. “I hope you like your burger medium well.”
Jace shrugged. The desire to eat was gone since he arrived. It was optional, much like drinking. Using the restroom was no longer necessary either. Sleep was something he missed. He had the hardest time getting used to that. He recalled staying up all night with Lindsay studying for his SAT exam. He didn’t get tired anymore. 
The nights blended with the day in this dark place. If not for Merrick marking each hour by his watch, he wouldn’t know what day it was or what time. The slow passing of every day was agonizing, but Merrick insisted he train.
Training involved weapons.  Merrick had an arsenal in the warehouse downstairs. Jace met only one person since he arrived. A Latino woman named Drea came by the third day he was here. She was as tiny as Lindsay but she was tough, dressed in fatigues and her pretty features tightened in disapproval every time she looked at him. Her hair was cut short and she carried a huge pistol on her hip. She knew how to use it too, as he was to learn, when the three of them shot at targets behind the warehouse. 
“Cracker-Jace! Where you at, boy?”
He came in from the fire escape and joined Merrick in the kitchen. The man seemed to enjoy cooking, even if they no longer had to eat to survive. It was more of a ritual for Merrick than anything else.  The kitchen was filled with the smells of fried cheese and questionable meat. Jace doubted many cows were around Oblivion and didn’t want to ask what Merrick ate in a patty form.
The black man had his fatigue shirt off and wore only a black tank underneath. He had a myriad of tattoos from his time as a gangbanger back in the late seventies. 
Merrick handed him a plate and Jace took it. Merrick knew he wouldn’t eat it, but he would sit and watch him, feeling obligated to play out this daily ritual Merrick insisted on. Dinner was one of those things Merrick clung to from his mortal life.
Jace looked around the gourmet kitchen, thinking Merrick lived well here. The warehouse was impenetrable. Deadheads feared Merrick and those like him, but the demons preyed on them all. 
They promised a ticket out of Oblivion at a price. The price was the soul. Merrick claimed the demons could restore life, but the demon lied too. He insisted the demon’s sole purpose was to undermine those trapped here in ever evolving to the next level; redemption.
Jace sat at the kitchen table and watched Merrick eat the burger and set his plate down. He knew the man did him the biggest favor by training him to survive down here, but his duty to Lindsay and the kids played with his mind now.
“You got somethin’ on your mind, kid?” Merrick asked with a knowing look. “You got all quiet on me.”
“You’ve been here forty years, Merrick,” Jace said as he pushed the plate away from him. “Do you ever wonder why?”
The man frowned and took a bite out of his mystery meat patty. He chewed thoughtfully. He wiped his lips and sat back, his brown eyes filled with sudden anger. 
“You think I don’t know?”
“If this isn’t Hell; than what is it? You’re stuck here. Drea is stuck here, all the others. I’m trying to understand.”   
Merrick looked annoyed. “All I’m gonna say is that your time here doesn’t depend on the mistakes you made in life, kid. I wasn’t a good man back then. I killed men. I sold drugs to kids. I even stole from old people. I’m just as surprised I’m not in the basement right now with the other sinners.”
“That’s the point I’m trying to make. None of this makes sense of what I was led to believe of Heaven and Hell.”
“You know your bible, kid?”
Jace looked uncomfortable. “My ma used to take us to church until she got sick. I know some.”
Merrick tossed the napkin on the plate and sat back and eyed Jace thoughtfully. “You’re trying to find out what you did to be here, am I right?”
“Yeah, I guess that’s what’s buggin’ me the most. I can’t recall doing anything so bad I’d be trapped here.”
“Being in Oblivion ain’t about punishment, Jace. That’s what you don’t get. You aren’t being punished by being here.”
“Why am I here than?” Jace demanded angrily, his dark eyes flashing. “I did everything my ma ever asked of me. I took care of my family. I did everything right! I don’t deserve this!”
Merrick eyed him in amusement. “Drea was a nun before she got here.”
Jace’s eyes widened. Merrick laughed bitterly.
“Yeah, now tell me she deserves to be here? Does that answer your question?”
“No, it doesn’t! I’m not satisfied with that.”
“Jace, you were murdered too, just like us. Someone else’s will cut your life short. Do you want to know what I think?”
“Please, tell me something to make sense of this,” Jace demanded in frustration.
“I think we’re here because we weren’t meant to die. Our plan got changed by some asshole and that’s it.”
“That’s not what I was looking for.”
“Drea was walking home from her church and three guys jumped her and raped her,” Merrick said in a hard tone. “The third guy was worried she’d ID them to the cops so he shot her in the head. You think she deserved this after going through that?”
Jace stiffened to hear about what happened to Drea in life, shuddering from the thought of it. His expression and silence seemed to please Merrick. The black man lit a cigarette and took a long drag, exhaling and smiling sadly.
“That’s when you know life ain’t fair and death is worse, Jace. Nobody knows it better than Drea.”
“Why so long? I guess that’s what I question. You’ve been here over forty years. She’s been here for twenty. Seems to me; this is punishment.”
“It seems to me it’s an extension of life, Jace. Maybe not back where we want to be, but it’s not the end.”
Jace reflected his words in miserable silence. If what Merrick said was true, he could be here a long time. It tortured him. He wasn’t in denial anymore. He was dead. Knowing what happened to him seemed pointless now, but Merrick insisted he still keep trying to remember.
Everything went blank after Cameron got out of the truck to piss on the side of the road. One minute he was adjusting the radio, the next he woke in the alley. Merrick insisted it would all come back to him. He also claimed it would help with his feeling of being lost and his anger. The anger was the worst. The rage he felt was such he was shocked by it.
“You want answers. I get it. I’ve been where you are. Trust me I didn’t have no black fairy godfather waitin’ for me when I got here. I had to fend for myself. That’s why me and the others started this group. We thought if we helped people sent here it would get us out of here faster.”
“It doesn’t look like that’s happening anytime soon.”
Merrick laughed at his disgusted words. “No, but it’s better than the alternative. How far do you think you would have gotten if I hadn’t been there for you, kid?”
“Not far.”
“Do yourself a favor and pay it forward. Ain’t got nothin’ to gain or lose in it. The more of us; the less vulnerable we are to the demons out there.”
“Yeah about them. What do they look like?”
“They could be anybody. Could look like me for all you know. You can tell by the eyes. That gives them away. The eyes are solid black and no soul in them. You ever get face to face with one of them you do what I tell you. They use whatever form they can to get into your mind and steal that last piece of life you have left.”
“Why do they want these souls?”
“Drea says they have to get so many to please their master.”
“The Devil, you think?”
“Maybe, but after forty years I’m thinkin’ there ain’t much difference between either of them.”
“What do you mean?”
“What kind of God asks for suffering and penance to join him in his house? What kind of God allows what happens back in the world? You start to ask what the difference between God and the Devil is. After a while it ain’t nothin’ but geography, kid. Up or down, and that’s the truth of it. I ain’t seen nothin’ here to convince me otherwise.”
Jace thought about his mom. Dawn Turner had been as selfless as she was kind, beautiful and devoted to her family. The one wrong decision his mother ever made was marrying Everett Turner. 
She worked her fingers to the bone cleaning offices to make the bills while her husband stayed drunk. Then she got sick, passing the torch on to her son. Then, he was cut down for his trouble. It wasn’t fair, none of it.
“You’ve been here for forty years and don’t even know if there’s a God?” Jace asked in astonishment.
Merrick chuckled. “He has his hands full upstairs, I’m guessin’. Don’t look so pissed off about it. Just because you’re dead doesn’t mean you get to meet the boss right off.”
Jace glared at Merrick. “Great, guess nothing really changed then. I still don’t know anything.”
“Oh plenty changed. You getting cut down before your time effects everybody in your past life. Things that should have happened won’t now. That causes lots of problems. That’s why we don’t go back. You can’t fix none of it. They have to find their way back on their own.”
Jace thought of Lindsay and his family and tensed. “What do you mean? What happens to them?”
Merrick blew a perfect smoke ring before he put the cigarette out on his plate. His dark eyes looked murky and bleak. “Kid, ain’t nothin’ you can do about it.”
“I want to know.”
“Everything goes to shit right on down the line. That girl of yours you told me about? You ain’t there now. That effects decisions she would have made, had you lived. She ain’t gonna make them now. That changes the course of her life, good or bad. Same with your family.”
Jace felt a sense of helplessness again to know Lindsay would be affected by his death. He thought of her dream to be a doctor one day. He thought of Dougie and Sara. His heart hurt to know there was nothing he could do for them.
“What if I gave them some sign I’m ok so they stay on course?”
Merrick looked angry. “You can’t go back, Jace. You open doors between this world and that one you’re askin’ for trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“That’s what the demons want us to do, Jace. They want out of here too. You manage to get through the doorway you open the door for them. They could follow you there. You don’t want that, trust me.”
“But it’s possible? I could help them get through this so their life doesn’t get screwed up.”
“Yeah, it’s possible. Anything is possible. You’re in Oblivion, Jace. You’re gonna find out real fast what you can and can’t do. What you have to ask is whether it’s worth the risk. Those demons would go after everything you love back there.”
“Sounds like you did it before,” Jace remarked quietly, seeing the turmoil in Merrick’s expression.
Merrick looked away. “Yeah, I had a woman when I died. She was havin’ my kid. I wanted to make sure she was alright. I went back and did that ghost thing for a time. Scared the hell out of her but she knew it was me. A demon followed me and pretended to be me. See they can take to flesh form, unlike us. She thought it was me. The demon took both of them. That’s what I got for trying to fix things, kid. Got a two for one special that demon did, and I gotta live with it.” 
Jace looked miserable. “What if you could close this door behind you or whatever it is, so they couldn’t follow?”
Merrick looked disapproving. “I guess you get a friend to close it behind ya it might work. Ain’t worth the grief. Somethin’ goes wrong and you’re stuck there.”
“Wouldn’t that be better than this?”
“I think you need to realize something right off,” Merrick snapped. “Staying in that place as a ghost ain’t any fun, trust me.”
“But it’s possible?”
“Why don’t you learn the ropes down here, Jace? Get a handle on who whacked ya and why, and worry about the other stuff some other time.”
Jace could see Merrick didn’t approve of his considering going back. That was when he made the decision he was going. He would learn all he needed to know from Drea and Merrick. He was opening the doorway and going back. 
Everything he went through in his life wasn’t going to be for nothing. So what if he wandered for eternity as a ghost? If he could help Lindsay and his family, it was worth it.
Chapter Six
Lindsay knocked on the door of the Chase house and frowned as she stood there for ten minutes. She could hear music blaring inside. It was after three-thirty in the afternoon. She knew Marianne was at the salon she owned. Her husband worked in Helena and didn’t arrive back until late in the evening. Cam was expecting her so she was annoyed when she heard the loud rock music within.
Cam had the attention span of a gnat. Tutoring him was going to be a challenge. This was the first day and it sounded like a party was going on inside. She muttered under her breath as she retraced her steps to the gate that led to the back of the house.
The Chases were pretty well off, living in the gated sub that she had once called home. She was wistful as she recalled the block parties and barbeques. It seemed like an eternity ago, not just a year, since she went zipping up and down these well-tended roads in her bright pink Volkswagen bug. 
The pool was closed up, a winter cover still on. The music was louder back here, coming from the play room they built onto the back of their house. Cam was the only kid at home now that his brother was away at school. The baby of the family; he was spoiled rotten. Until six months ago, he had a brand new truck. A drunk night out totaled it and he was back driving his dad’s new Mustang.
Lindsay went to the sliding glass doors past the Jacuzzi and knocked. She frowned. Cam wasn’t going to hear her over that racket. She tried the doors and found them open. She hesitated before she walked inside and shut them behind her.
The house was immaculate thanks to the maid they hired. The modern furnishings and art on the walls weren’t to Lindsay’s taste. Marianne liked to show off her wealth. Her husband did some kind of financial planning and investments for a living. He wasn’t home much and Marianne had her hands full with Cam.
“Cam, I’m here,” she called and realized he wouldn’t hear her so she ventured to follow the music.
She stepped into the wreck room and coughed from the smell of marijuana and waved at the smoke in front of her face. Cam and his three pals were huffing on a water bong and didn’t see her. Her eyes narrowed. He certainly wasn’t taking his finals seriously.
He noticed her and grinned, his cute face wreathed in pleasure. He got up and turned down the music. The guys looked at her and she stiffened from the looks passing between them. They obviously thought this was more than it was.
“Hey Lindsay, you’re early,” he said as he came forward. “My mom said you would be here at four.”
“It’s ten too, Cam. Can we get to it? I have things to do later?” she asked in annoyance, seeing his eyes were like moons from the dope he’d smoked.
“Ok, sorry. I’ll just walk the guys out.”
Lindsay could just imagine what they were thinking as they passed, sending her speculative looks. Tomorrow the news she was tutoring Cam would be twisted into some perverted rumor. She was glad she wasn’t in school anymore. Knowing Cam, he would encourage people to think this was more than it was. 
Minimum wage by the hour was hardly worth this. Then as an added incentive, Mr. Chase offered five hundred dollars if his son passed his SAT exam. Five hundred dollars was a lot of money to her right now. 
She couldn’t draw off her trust until she was actually enrolled in school. She had to fly down for orientation in August to register. As soon as she signed on the dotted line she had access to the funds.
“I’m sorry about that, Lindsay,” Cam said as he came back, his stoned expression ticking her off.
“Cam, I’m here to help you pass your exams and that isn’t going to happen if you don’t take it serious.”
Cam grinned and his handsome face lit up. “I promise this won’t happen again.”
“Ok, let’s go someplace quiet and get started.”
Cam looked intrigued. “Ok, let’s go to my room. That way when my mom gets home she won’t interrupt us.”
Lindsay nodded and hitched up her purse, following Cam as he led her through the house to the stairs. The upper level was an open loft and Cam had it to himself now that his brother was away at school. Two huge bedrooms and a combined bathroom were up there. The wall facing the street was a huge glass window. 
Cam’s room was a disaster she saw. She stepped over clothes and dirty towels on her way in. He mumbled apologetically as he went to his computer desk and cleared it off. He had every modern technological advance known to man and couldn’t find any of it under his laundry. He cleared off his desk and offered her a chair.
She busied herself going through the checklist given to her by the guidance office. She nearly groaned in dismay. Cam needed help with every course, not just math and science. She had a month to get him ready and if he was stoned every day of it she could kiss the five hundred bucks goodbye. 
“Cam, if you aren’t going to take this seriously, tell me now,” she said as she gazed at him fumbling with his flat screen TV’s remote. “I got better things to do.”
“No, I just study better with the TV on.”
“No, it’s a distraction we don’t need. Turn it off.”
He laughed and flipped it off. “Bossy little thing, aren’t you?”
“Cam, I need for you to take this serious or why bother?”
“I bet you weren’t this mean to Jace when you tutored him,” Cam said sullenly.
“No, I was meaner, trust me.”
“Fine, have it your way.”
Lindsay was glad she had Cam’s attention. While she went over the notes of each subject, she looked around out the corner of her eye. Seeing the mess reminded her of how small the object was she was looking for. She reasoned it would be hidden in a drawer more than likely.
“Lindsay, how’ve you been?” he said finally when they took a break. “I don’t see you anymore.”
“I’m fine,” she said as she leaned back in the rolling computer chair.
“You look good, but then you always look good,” Cam remarked, his eyes lingering on her blouse. “You ever get lonely, just call me.”
Lindsay felt uncomfortable, knowing being in his room was obviously giving him thoughts. She wondered at the sanity of what she was doing when his cell phone rang. He looked at it and announced he had to take it. She watched him leave his room and shut the door, and a pent up sigh came out in a rush.
She heard the front door open and looked out the window, seeing him talking on the phone, an angry look on his face. He appeared to be arguing with whoever called him. She took advantage of his absence and went to work.
By the time she finished ransacking every drawer and place the ring might be she heard the front door open and retook her seat. He arrived back, a slight frown on his face.
“Is everything alright?”
He shrugged. “That was Marnie. What a psycho! As if I’d take her back! You didn’t hear the latest cause you haven’t been in school. She’s knocked up and doesn’t know whose kid it is.”
“I’m sorry, Cam,” Lindsay said and bit her lip, refraining from adding an opinion. Jace had accused her of being judgmental. She was making an effort these days.
“Yeah, she’s pinning it on any guy she can think of. She even claimed it could be Jace’s.”
Lindsay froze and looked at him in surprise. “What?”
“Yeah, I know. Don’t pay any attention to her. She’s just mad nobody took responsibility. I mean, who would? She was sleeping with most of my friends. Even Dooley was hitting it. Sorry for the language.”
“Why would she say it was Jace’s?” Lindsay demanded and saw Cam flush and look away. He swore and looked miserable, acting as if he spoke out of turn.
“I’m sorry, Lindsay. I swear I didn’t know.”
“When was this?”
“Back in December, after Christmas, I think she said,” Cam admitted and sighed. “It was happening and I didn’t know.  Marnie told me what happened between them in February. I was just as surprised as you. I mean, that’s not like Jace at all.”
A desolate look fell across Lindsay’s face to think Jace cheated on her with Marnie, of all people. Her hand shook as she set down her folder. Anger coursed through her too. All those times she recalled him leaving her house; she wondered if he went to Marnie’s now.
“Is it true?” she asked hoarsely, her eyes filling with tears.
“The day he gave me a ride out there he said he was gonna pay for it. She wanted to get an abortion. Who wants to have a kid when you don’t know whose it is, right? Jace did it for her cause nobody else would.”
“That’s not what I asked you!” Lindsay snapped. “Did he admit to it? Or did he just loan her the money as a friend?”
“Lindsay, it was going on since last summer, from what he said. He said there was a chance it could be his and that was enough for him to pay for it.”
Her eyes filled with tears and she looked away, unable to bear the compassion in Cam’s eyes. “So all along he was cheating on me? Here I thought he was the perfect boyfriend and he was screwing around with Marnie?”
“She’s nothing but a whore, Lindsay. He loved you. I know he did. I used to razz him for not pushing to get in your pants. He said you guys decided to wait.”
“Apparently the wait was just for me. He didn’t have a problem going to Marnie.”
 Cam got up from the chair and came over, but she stood and stepped away, her hands up. “No, just leave me alone! I don’t need this right now! I just don’t.”
“Lindsay, I’m sorry, but I guess I thought you heard. Everybody knows.”
Tears filled her gaze and she marched past him and snatched up her purse. “We’re done for today. I’ll be back the same time tomorrow. Don’t be stoned when I get here or I’m leaving. If you fail it’s your problem.”
Cam said nothing as she slammed out of his house. She didn’t even say a word to Marianne who opened her mouth and shut it when she saw Lindsay stomp out of her house. She didn’t allow herself to really feel anything until she got outside the main gate of Bendview Estates and she had to pull over. She jumped out of the car and barely made it to the ditch before she was sick over the side.
Raw sobs mingled with dry heaves until she sat back on her feet, wiping the tears out of her eyes. Pain like nothing she had ever felt sat upon her chest, cutting off her breath. 
She trembled as she got to her feet, seeing people slowing down as they passed. Assured she was fine, they kept going. She sat in the driver’s seat, unseeing and unaware of how long she just sat on the shoulder of the road. Twisted images of Jace and Marnie in bed together whirled in her head. Hands covered her eyes.
“No, just let me hold onto him. Don’t let me see he was all in my mind,” she whispered brokenly and a sob escaped her.
Lindsay was breathing unsteadily as she pulled back onto the road and continued home, feeling numb as she finally pulled into her lot. She passed Sara and her mom in the kitchen and went straight to her room.
Deborah poked her head in, eyes worried. “Honey, you ok?”
Wanting to spare Sara, Lindsay burrowed her head in the pillow. “I had a rough day, Mom. I just need to be alone.”
Deborah backed out and closed the door. Lindsay curled into a ball on her bed, staring at the wall in anguish. As much as she wanted to hold onto Jace’s perfect image; knowing Marnie Slade might be having his kid ruined that for her.
Lindsay slept around the clock and by two in the afternoon the next day, her mom demanded she get up. Sara was at school and her mom took a break downstairs to come up and check on her.
Deborah stood over her bed, her eyes filled with concern. “You have to get up, Lindsay. What’s going on? You came home a mess last night.”
Lindsay sat up and pushed her hair out of her eyes. She was still wearing her clothes. Normally this might have bothered her enough to get up and shower. Not today. Today she just didn’t care. The truth about Jace just wiped her out.
“I don’t want to talk about it, Mom.”
“If it’s what I think it is; I already heard about it from Sara,” Deborah snapped in irritation. “Marianne had no right making accusations like that publically.”
“I talked to Cam. It’s true,” she wailed and fresh sobs escaped her. “He said it’s been going on since last summer. How could he do this to me, Mom?”
Deborah sat on the edge of her bed and reached out to cover her hand. “I’ve been there, Lindsay. Guys do this stuff sometimes. Sounds like Jace did the right thing coming forward, unlike the other boys.”
Lindsay wiped her eyes angrily. “Don’t use this to make him into even more of a hero, Mom. I’m pissed off!”
“Oh, I get it. I know exactly how this feels.”
Lindsay looked at her mom and recalled she got pregnant with Lance and had to marry her dad; not really the same thing. She couldn’t know how this felt at all. She pushed off the bed and went to her dresser. She dug several items out of her drawer.
“Lindsay, I wish I could tell you that the situation will get better, but that won’t help how you feel right now,” Deborah said to her back.
“Nothing will help!”
“Lindsay, we do things we know are wrong, for whatever reason. Jace was human. Let it go, babe. You know how he felt about you.”
“Yeah, he loved me so much! Give me a break!” Lindsay said with a sneer and stalked past her mom and headed for the bathroom.
Deborah followed, determined to get through to her daughter. Her eyes were pensive as she watched her turn on the water to the shower. She came forward and sat on the commode.
“Shut off the water, Lindsay. We have to talk.”
Lindsay shut off the water and looked at her mother’s pained features and forgot about her own anger and misery for a minute. “What is it, Mom?”
“I dated Everett Turner back in high school. He looked like Jace back then. He was the captain of the football team and every girl in school was crazy about him,” her mother said with a sad smile. “I thought we would be together forever too; especially when the scout from Minnesota arrived and offered him a contract.”
Lindsay said nothing, seeing the sad resolve on her mother’s face.
“I got pregnant, Lindsay. Everett refused to do the right thing. In fact, he pretty much treated me like the Slade girl, and said it wasn’t his. That’s when your dad asked me to marry him.”
Lindsay stared at her in shock. “Oh my God, Lance is Everett Turner’s son? Does Lance know? Is that why he left?”
Deborah sighed and hung her head, tears falling freely now. She nodded and looked away. “Your dad never wanted him to know. I told him things like this come out, but he said it would ruin everything.”
Lindsay could see how tortured her mother was. “Is that why you hated Jace?”
“I never hated Jace, Lindsay. God, he looks just like Everett did then. I just remember how Evie treated me. I worried his son was no different. I worried for you.”
“Lance will come back one day, Mom. He will forgive you,” Lindsay whispered, understanding in her gaze.
Deborah laughed scornfully and looked away. “No, he won’t Lindsay, and who could blame him? I did this by keeping it from him all his life. He hates me, he hates your father, but most of all he hates who he really is. Knowing he’s Everett’s son destroyed him. I live with that, so don’t let me off the hook.”
“You were young, Mom. You made a mistake.”
Deborah looked up at her knowingly. “I was seventeen, Lindsay. I was the same age as Jace and Marnie. Don’t you see? They made a mistake too. That’s all this was.”
Lindsay didn’t want to forgive Jace, but saw the wisdom in her words. “All this time, he’s been seeing Marnie behind my back! Don’t make excuses, Mom.”
“Oh, I think you have every right to be upset. I just know how Marnie feels right now. I don’t think you realize how tough things will be for her.”
Lindsay made a face. “You expect me to feel sorry for her? She’s been sleeping around since the eighth grade, Mom.”
Deborah eyed her with a shake of her head. “Lindsay, some girls only know one way to feel good. Please try not to judge.”
“What am I supposed to do? She might be having his kid. How do you think that makes me feel?”
“How do you think Dawn Turner felt when she found out about Lance?”
Lindsay stared at her in shock. “I don’t understand.”
“Everett broke up with me after a week, Lindsay. He was seeing Dawn at the same time. I was devastated. When I found out I was pregnant; I went to Evie and he laughed at me and said it wasn’t his. Dawn almost broke up with him over it. Everything was happening for him then. He thought he could sit back and pick and choose the offers coming in. I think you know the rest. He waited too long. Then the offers stopped.”
“I can’t believe this.”
“Go easy on Marnie, Lindsay. She has a rough road ahead. You might as well know her dad and mom kicked her out. Amelia is letting her stay in the room over the antique shop until after graduation. That damned Marianne Chase should feel proud of herself now. ”
Lindsay wasn’t ready to feel sympathy for Marnie quite yet, recalling all the hateful looks the girl tossed at her over the years. Marnie always despised her. She had never done anything to deserve it. Except have Jace Turner adore her. She sighed and looked down.
“I get it, but it hurts, Mom. Jace never told me any of this. We told each other everything.”
 “Lindsay, you did the right thing not dragging sex into your relationship with Jace too soon. It’s the mistake so many of you young people make and aren’t prepared for these kinds of consequences. You got the rest of your life ahead of you now. Be lucky it isn’t you,” Deborah said sadly and stood up. “I have to get back to work. Just think about what I said.”
Lindsay raced through a shower and threw her wet hair up in a bun as she headed over to Cam’s to get the tutoring over with. She dreaded facing him now, especially after everything her mom told her. The baby could very well be Cam’s and he didn’t seem to care at all. Jace had rushed right in to help Marnie, even knowing it might not be his. Tears burned her eyes to know how selfless he was.
She pulled in and saw Marianne was home. She squared her shoulders, knowing what a horrible gossip the woman was. She wasn’t giving her one tidbit to pass onto her clients. Marianne answered the door and smiled widely, her falsely sensitive gaze seeing how red Lindsay’s eyes were. She hardly spared the woman a word as she went to Cam’s room. Knowing she had been the one to spread the tale to make Cam look good and got Marnie kicked out of her house made her sick.  She doubted Marianne even stopped to think the baby could be Cam’s.
Cam was watching TV when she knocked on his door. He opened it and gazed at her with a sorrowful expression. He tried to talk to her about it and she looked at him without expression.
“Cam, we both know that baby could be yours, so stop pinning this on Jace. The jury is still out on that.”
His lips tightened. “God, you excuse everything he does, don’t you?”
“Jace was the only guy that stepped up, so sorry if I don’t beat him up for it. I’m thinking about Marnie now. You might want to tell your mom to quit trashing her in town. I can’t see her cutting you any slack if this kid turns out to be yours.”
Cam didn’t know how to respond to that. She ignored him as she went through her bag to find his list of assignments. She refused to discuss it every time he brought it up. It was obvious he wanted Jace to be the bad guy in this. She was starting to wonder why he persisted and a cold feeling filled her. 
She suddenly felt wary of being alone with him, knowing Sheriff Wilson thought he was the one who killed Jace. He certainly had another motive now, the thing with Marnie. Still, she couldn’t see Cam doing such a thing.
 “Cam, you have the reading list for English,” Lindsay said when she was getting ready to leave. “You need to read those books. They’re on the test, trust me.”
He looked at her with the same empty expression he wore when he sat in Foster’s for the funeral. The hair on the back of her neck prickled with dread. Looking into those cold, flat eyes that seemed oblivious to others feelings these days made her shiver. She just now saw it.
“I’m sorry if the truth about Jace hurts, Lindsay. He really wasn’t perfect, ya know? I guess I’m mad he went behind my back even if he did tell me about it the next day, but I’ll get over it.”
“I thought you said you didn’t know it happened,” Lindsay said and did the math. Marnie got pregnant in late December, but Jace only rushed to help her in mid-March. It didn’t sound right. It was obvious Marnie didn’t go to Jace until she had to.
“You must have misunderstood me. I didn’t know about what happened last summer. This thing with them was all recent news to me.”
Lindsay just caught Cameron in a lie. She clearly heard him say he hadn’t known about it until Marnie told him in February, yet he now said Jace confessed back in December. She ignored the warnings in her head to run. She had to calm down. 
“No, he wasn’t perfect, but I won’t listen to people put him down to me, Cam. He’s not here to defend himself. You forget he was my best friend too.”
Cam looked away and got up from his chair. He had an obvious sneer on his face. “Jesus, Lindsay, you got it bad for Jace even now, don’t ya? Doesn’t matter what he did, you would forgive it?”
“I loved Jace, Cam. Don’t try and tell me who he was,” she argued as she grabbed her book bag and purse. “I knew him better than you did.”
“I’m sorry, hey, don’t go,” Cam said and turned with a sad look on his face that didn’t match his cold eyes. “We’re all messed up right now, Lindsay. This thing with Jace and Marnie, and my dad is on my ass to get this scholarship. I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry. You of all people don’t need this crap right now.”
Lindsay relaxed her guard, but already heard enough to make her aware of some sense Cam was not sorry at all. Sheriff Wilson’s words echoed in her head about his lack of emotion. Fear gnawed at her insides as she made for the door.
“We’re all going up to The Point tonight, Lindsay. You should come with us. It would do you good. Everybody is gonna be there.”
She stiffened and forced a smile. “Not tonight, Cam, but I appreciate the offer.”
His sudden look of anger alerted her. She felt tense all over. 
“Come on, Lindsay. Just for a couple hours. I’ll have you home by your curfew, I promise.”
Lindsay thought about Sheriff Wilson’s words and knew she owed it to Jace to get to the bottom of what happened that morning weeks ago. She had an opportunity to get close to Cam now. 
 Insidious fear clawed at her insides to think Cam was capable of such a coldblooded murder. Her breathing grew steadier. She forced a calm she was far from feeling. The urge to run was strong.
“Why not, it might be fun,” she said and saw him grin in response.
“I’ll pick ya up at eight.”
“Alright, but I don’t want to talk about this anymore, Cam. I’m trying to put this all behind me now,” she warned and her hand trembled on the knob. “Just don’t put him down to me.”
“No problem, Lindsay. Not a word, I swear.”
~ ~ ~
Lindsay sat in the car and trembled as she started the station wagon, feeling such sudden panic and horror. It was that moment she knew Cam did it. She felt it, like Sheriff Wilson had. What she saw in his eyes, such emptiness; she knew he killed the man she loved. Why? It didn’t matter why anymore. Cam had always been in Jace’s shadow, with sports, with girls, their friends. Now Jace was gone and he acted as if he’d never been here. 
She drove home and didn’t quit shaking until she got inside. Sara was babysitting and her mom was at work. She reached for the vodka bottle under the sink and sat on the kitchen floor, hot tears streaming down her face. 
Jace hadn’t even seen it coming when Cam led him to slaughter. Her heart hurt as she drank from the bottle, grimacing at the taste as it burned down her throat. Her sobs grew fewer and the bottle was soon empty. 
She closed her eyes, trying to keep her nerves steady. The thought of being anywhere near Cam made her feel sick. Her blue eyes grew fierce. Jace deserved to be avenged. His only crime in Cam’s eyes was having everything he didn’t. It hit her suddenly; his interest in her since Jace’s death. A wave of disgust washed over her. Obviously the scholarship wasn’t the only thing he expected to gain.
Lindsay staggered to her feet and glanced at the clock on the microwave. It was nearly six. She went into the bedroom, glad for the liquid courage as she opened her closet to pick out something to wear. How did one accessorize for an evening out with a killer?
Chapter Seven
Jace stood in the lot behind the warehouse as Merrick flipped on the flood lights, showing targets at the far end of the lot. He was tired of target shooting. Drea arrived and mumbled something in Spanish as she rolled in on a motorcycle, seeing him and shaking her head.
“You still here, Newbie?” she said with a brittle laugh. “We had bets you’d run or get caught by a demon by now.”
Jace knew Drea had an issue with new people, according to Merrick. She trusted no one, not even Merrick. “Nope. Still here holding my soul. Thanks for betting on me. Appreciate the confidence.”
“I bet against you,” she muttered with a scornful laugh and went to talk to Merrick privately.
“Thanks,” Jace whispered with a scowl as he aimed and fired the semi-automatic 45. mm and went down the line of targets, striking each one successfully. Merrick said he was a natural with a gun. He had to have something to do day in and day out. 
Merrick made him take the guns apart and clean them and put them back together blindfolded. He was mistaken thinking it was a gangbanger thing. Merrick did two tours in Viet Nam before he turned to the streets. He was learning a lot about the man.
Drea looked upset, unlike the unflappable former nun turned avenging demon-killer.  She was normally as hard as nails. Seeing her coming apart at the seams was enough to give him pause. She left soon after, not sparing him a glance as she sped by on the Harley.
Merrick approached with a worried look. “We got a problem, kid. I need to step out tonight. We got four Newbie’s all came in at the same time and got nabbed by Deadheads. We’re going in to bust them out.”
“I’ll go along, you need help,” Jace offered but the black man shook his head.
“You ain’t been trained to fight Deadheads yet,” Merrick replied and folded his arms across his chest, shaking his head. “They don’t drop like demons. They dead too, kid.”
“How do you stop them?”
Merrick grinned then. “We can stun them. A couple rounds to the head usually do the trick. Enough time to get away, or in this case, rescue a bunch a Newbie’s lookin’ for a phone to call home like you did. It ain’t usually pretty, kid. They like to torture them, wait till they heal, and start over.”
Jace swallowed hard, getting a visual, but he was determined to learn all he could. Time was running out. He died three weeks before and he was in a hurry to get back to Lindsay. 
“You babying me now, Merrick?” Jace asked with a cocky grin. “This is the perfect opportunity to train me and you know it.”
“I got my hands full tonight, kid,” he argued. “I can’t be at your back and do what needs to be done. Then we got demons waiting for us on our way out. You go it’s at your own risk.”
“Why was Drea so upset?” Jace asked.
Merrick looked away. “The guy who killed her is one of the Newbies. She ain’t going with me.”
Jace looked outraged. “Why bother saving his ass at all?” 
“We don’t discriminate down here. Besides, the other three don’t have anything to do with it.”
“You need me then if you’re short Drea tonight.”
 “Crazy damn cracker,” he muttered and sighed. “Fine, go get suited up and grab as many guns as you can carry. We leave when the others get here.”
Jace went back inside and suited up, wearing the bulletproof vest as Merrick warned him. They couldn’t die, but like the Deadheads, they would be stunned if shot. Getting stunned with a demon on your tail was kissing your soul goodbye.
He loaded a couple automatic rifles and pistols and grabbed a couple of grenades as an afterthought. Merrick joined him and did the same. The alarm went off at the garage door and a close-circuit TV showed three dark-clad men, all dangerous-looking.
The largest was Murdoch, bald and terrifying. He never had much to say and Jace hadn’t heard him use a full sentence yet. The second was McNeil, a boisterous Irishman who had the reddest hair he’d ever seen. 
The third was a young man closer to Jace’s age. His eyes revealed he was far older. He was the oldest of them all. Merrick said he’d been in Oblivion centuries and said most deferred to him for that reason. Jace had no reason to dislike him, but something about the guy bothered him.
Raymond barely looked at him as he approached Merrick. “You ready? They grabbed the Newbies an hour ago. We’re wasting time.”
“The kid’s going with us tonight,” Merrick said and Raymond frowned, his young face filled with irritation.
“He’s not ready, Merrick,” Raymond argued and looked at Jace with a scowl.
“I’m ready,” Jace snapped boldly.
“Ready, are you?” Raymond asked pleasantly but his pale blue eyes were cold. “You’ve been here a couple weeks, Newbie. You’re ready when I say you are. Tonight’s not the night to initiate you in this. We have a dozen demons circling the Deadhead’s hideout right now wanting a piece of the action. You’ll be in the way.”
“He’s a crack shot, Raymond,” Merrick defended Jace. “He can stun them when we get in. Without Drea, we need him, like it or not.”
Raymond gazed at Jace without a bit of warmth. “If one of us loses a soul because of you, Newbie; I’ll hand you to the demons myself, is that clear?” 
Jace knew from Merrick, Raymond was the leader because of his age, a seniority thing that went back to the Civil War. Jace wondered why Raymond was still here, reasoning the former young Yankee officer had some serious issues in his past like Merrick. Eventually they would all move to the next level, whether it was upstairs or down. That was another thing he learned from Merrick.
Those who stopped over in Oblivion weren’t all waiting to get into Heaven. Some deserved far worse than here. Drea’s assailant would be protected under their system, one that didn’t recognize what happened in the real world. The thought of Cameron showing up down here made him rail at the unfairness of it.
“I won’t get in the way,” Jace said and ignored the guy as he continued to load as many guns over his shoulder as he could hold. 
“Drea had to go cool off,” Merrick told Raymond. “She wants a piece of the guy coming in.”
“It doesn’t work like that, Merrick,” Raymond said without emotion, his eyes hard as granite. “If that was the case, I would have handed every confederate bastard who landed here over to the demons when I got here. That was in her human life. She needs to let it go.”
Jace held his tongue, wanting to know how anyone could really do that. If Cameron was in front of him right now, none of these men would stop him from exacting his vengeance. He felt for Drea. 
“Just so you know; she wants no part in training the guy.”
“She’ll do as she’s told, Merrick. Look at it like another foot soldier down here, no more. We all have to stay one step ahead of the demons, like it or not.”
“This is the guy who took her out!” Jace finally snapped. He could take it no more. “So what if he’s already dead? What does it matter? She’s here because of him and you would expect her to train the guy?”
Raymond smiled coldly. “When you’re here long enough, Newbie, you’ll realize we have no choice. The alternative is giving him to the demons. I’m not about to jeopardize my chance to get out of here one day by doing that.”
“You said you’d do it to me if I got in your way,” Jace reminded him with a raised eyebrow.
“Merrick, inform the Newbie how he’s to address me in the future. I’ll consider this disrespect part of his ignorance, but next time, I’ll handle it,” Raymond said in a menacing tone.
~ ~ ~
Merrick saw the undercurrent between Jace and their leader and sighed. “Jace, load up the van and be quick about it. We leave in ten.”
When Jace walked away, Merrick looked at Raymond with an amused look. “Why you let a Newbie get under your skin, Raymond? He’s right, by the way. I’ll take the guy. Drea don’t need to train the guy who raped and killed her.”  
“We all have to put aside our mortal issues down here, Merrick,” Raymond reminded him coolly. “If it’ll make you happy, McNeal or Murdoch can train the guy.”
“Fine, just keep him away from Drea.”
Raymond looked unmoved. “If Drea can’t get beyond this, Merrick, she isn’t any good to us.”
“I’ll talk to her, but you know how she is,” Merrick said tightly.
“Our little nun forgets her vows when it’s convenient,” Raymond observed smugly.
Merrick bit off what he might have said. Raymond took the rejection by Drea a little too personally. She wasn’t interested in men anymore now than when she was a nun. 
Raymond didn’t even think like a human to not see that. She would never recover from what happened to her. Instead Raymond went out of his way to be vindictive. He couldn’t see keeping the Newbie who wronged Drea in their ranks was asking for trouble, even if it amused him to do so.
Merrick saw a bad moon on the rise where no moon existed anymore.  He had his hands full with Jace. Now he’d have to keep his eyes on the Newbie who hurt Drea. And Drea herself, in case she gave into the rage he’d seen in her eyes. Never a dull moment in Oblivion, he thought sourly.
~ ~ ~  
Lindsay regretted agreeing to go out with Cam the minute he picked her up. His eyes were so dilated she wondered what he was on tonight. Funny how she had never noticed his drug use prior to Jace dying? He was on something a little more than just marijuana tonight.
“Cam, can you slow down?” she asked as he took the curves on Cutter’s Pass over eighty, the Mustang roaring.
His expression was teasing. “Oh come on, you don’t want to see what this baby can do?”
“I’d like to live if you don’t mind,” she said tightly, her imaginary brake engaged even if the real one wasn’t.
Cam laughed at that, his handsome face giddy and flushed. She was in panic and told herself to calm down. He kept putting his hand on her knee too and she kept moving away. Obviously he thought her agreement to go tonight was a date.
“Loosen up, Lindsay,” he cajoled and smiled secretively. “You really gotta learn to relax. You’re in good hands.”
Lindsay forced her eyes on the dark mountain road, cringing as they flew past. She was berating herself for coming every mile that passed. They were five miles from The Point, a ridge with a rock-shelf observation area for tourists. It had not been used for years now, a haven now for Little Bend high school kids.
“Just slow down please, Cam,” she asked and was pleased when he sighed and eased up on the gas.
“Fine, stick in the mud,” he teased and his large hand slid over to squeeze her knee again. 
The temptation to fling his hand off her was strong. She was relieved when his hand slid away to delve under the seat. He withdrew a paper bag with a pint of liquor and handed it to her.
“Thanks,” she said and held it, deciding staying sober was the best course tonight. Cam wasn’t Jace and she didn’t feel safe and protected.  
“I really am sorry you had to find out about all this, Lindsay,” he was saying. “It’s gotta suck to know Jace wasn’t the guy you thought he was.”
Lindsay bit her lip to keep from going off. Jace was a hundred times the person Cam was. She decided to play along and see what else she could trip him up in.
“Yeah, well let’s just say it’s been an eye opener.”
“You ever need somebody to talk to, Lindsay, I’m there for you.”
“You’re a good friend, Cam,” she replied and looked at him with a soft smile. “What are you gonna do if Marnie’s baby turns out to be yours?”
The sudden change in Cam shocked her. He cussed and sped up. 
“It isn’t mine, I told you! That slut is lying just to get money out of my family.”
Her smile faded as she saw the harsh look on his face in the dim car. The sudden rage took her by surprise.
“I’m sorry, I just wondered if you thought about it.”
Cam looked ticked off and his expression was scary. “If she knows what’s good for her; she won’t stay here after graduation.”
Lindsay felt a bit alarmed at the venom she sensed in him. She decided to push him a bit more. “She got kicked out of the house, Cam. Where’s she supposed to go?”
“That’s not my problem. She should have thought about it before she got herself knocked up by Jace.”
Lindsay felt her own blood pressure climbing with his assertions Marnie’s kid was Jace’s. A blood test would prove that. Cam refused to accept it might be his even when he was the one dating her the last six months. 
His complete lack of accountability was appalling. Why had she never seen what a jerk he was? Jace obviously never saw this side of Cam either. He would have never tolerated him.
“I guess we will all find out when she has it,” Lindsay said and saw Cam’s lips tighten. 
“Yeah, I guess, but don’t be surprised if she’s gone by then. When my dad wouldn’t give her the money for the abortion she realized she didn’t have anybody to sponge off of.”
“What about Dooley? I heard she was seeing him too?”
Cam laughed and rolled his eyes. “That idiot is denying he was even seeing Marnie now that he’s up for Sheriff. Trust me, nobody wants her here.”
Lindsay felt a feeling of alarm at Cam’s words, sensing a threat in them against Marnie. She had no reason to stick up for the girl who slept with her boyfriend, but Cam could be dangerous like Wilson said. Either way, she was going to have a talk with Marnie, and soon. The girl needed to stay away from Cam.
“I feel sorry for her,” Lindsay went on to say. “She has a dad like Jace’s. She’s on her own now. Tell me you don’t feel sorry for her, even if the kid isn’t yours?”
Cam realized he was sounding like jerk and his tone softened. “Yeah, but she got me in deep shit with my parents saying it was mine. They were just about to sign this car over to me.”
Lindsay wanted to get away from him after that. Cam was angry because he was denied a car? Marnie was out on the street. After graduation she would have no place to live. Cam was more worried about sucking up to his parents for whatever he could get. She felt nauseated and opened the pint to steady her nerves. She took a swig of the peach schnapps and forced a controlled tone.
“I was going to ask,” Lindsay said casually as she took another drink. “Why did she wait so long to try and get an abortion? Seems to me she should have started trying to get one month’s ago. Mrs. Warren told my mom she’s over three months along.”
Cam shrugged. “She was trying to get money out of me, that’s why! She even hit up Dooley. She asked Jace because she was running out of time. I don’t know what the dumb skank was thinking. Who cares, she’s out of my life. In a couple months I’m on my way to Georgia Tech.”
Lindsay froze at his words, but he went on, talking about how confidant he was of passing the SAT and his plans once he got to Georgia. She was stunned he was planning on going to the same college as her. Panic set in to know it was deliberate. 
“I didn’t know you were thinking about Tech. It’s a good school. I guess my going on and on about it all these months grew on you.”
Cam looked over at her and his pale blue eyes gleamed in the dark. “I’d follow you anywhere, Lindsay. I think you know how I feel for you.”
She didn’t know what to say to that. She forced herself to not exhibit the dismay she felt. 
“It’ll be nice knowing someone else there.”
They drove into The Point by then. Six other vehicles were already there parked in the field next to it, mostly members of the football team and their girlfriends. It was the usual crowd. Lindsay felt self-conscious getting out of the car, seeing the looks she got from her and Jace’s former click. 
Now that he was gone, none of them had gone out of their way to maintain a friendship with her. She wasn’t surprised. Many of them probably wondered what Jace saw in her. She wasn’t popular or a cheerleader. The other girls were all popular and all cheerleaders; most of them snotty and unfriendly when she arrived with Cam.
She never had close girlfriends; she had Jace. For the first time in four years she felt alone. Cam steered her to a group of them, greeting them loudly. She stayed back, smiling and sipping on the schnapps.
A pretty dark-haired girl dressed to the nines approached her with a glint in her eyes. Rosemarie Barber was no friend to her. She’d been after Jace since the tenth grade. She made no secret she couldn’t stand Lindsay and the other girls followed suit. 
“I’m surprised to see you out, Lindsay,” she remarked casually as she took a drag on a cigarette. “Jace isn’t even cold yet and you’re out with Cam?”
Lindsay forced a smile. If Rosemarie thought she could get to you it was all over. Jace told her all about these football girlfriends and his advice on how to deal with them was priceless.
“I’m tutoring him and he asked if I wanted to come along. It’s been tough,” Lindsay replied evenly, not allowing the other girl to get to her. “Cam and Jace were such good friends, you know?”
Rosemarie smiled condescendingly. “I suppose you heard about Marnie?”
Lindsay shrugged. “Who hasn’t? This town is too small to keep secrets.”
She seemed annoyed she couldn’t push Lindsay’s buttons. “She’s telling everybody it’s Jace’s. I bet that sure pissed you off to find out he cheated on you?”
“Nah, I guess he had to get it somewhere, right?”
Rosemarie raised a dark eyebrow. “You’re not mad? Come on, Lindsay. You and Jace have been dating since the eighth grade. It has to bother you he was banging Marnie all this time?”
“Actually we broke up the night before he died,” Lindsay surprised her by saying. The girl’s stunned look was priceless. “He was staying here and I was going to Georgia Tech. We both agreed to call it quits. Neither one of us wanted a long-distance thing.”
Rosemarie didn’t have anything to say to that. She returned to her circle of girlfriends and the whispers were rampant. She hid a smile as she sipped the schnapps. Now they would leave her be. She wasn’t the poor, screwed-over girlfriend now. There wouldn’t be any fun in tormenting her further. Cam joined her and she pretended to enjoy his company. All she wanted was to go home.
“Drink up, Lindsay,” he said later as he handed her the pint. His blue eyes were amused.
Lindsay slowed down on the drinking the minute they arrived. Cam seemed to push it on her now. The others were all laughing and drinking, paying her no notice. She felt like she wasn’t a part of this group anymore and lost interest after an hour. After three she just wanted to leave. It was nearly eleven and she was thinking of excuses.
“My mom is going to be waiting for me at the door, Cam,” she reminded him as she handed him back the pint. “I’m going to pace myself.”
Cam smiled that secret smile of his and walked back to the guys. That was when Lindsay started to feel more than a little buzzed. Her vision was foggy and blurred and she shook her head to clear it. 
She felt heavy a strange languor stole over her. She stood against a car hood and leaned, gasping as she felt her head swimming. After that, she didn’t remember anything.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay woke groggily, feeling disorientated. Her mouth was incredibly dry and her head hurt. She realized she was in a bed as soon as she realized she had no clothes on. Horror combined with sick dread to see Cameron at her side.
They were in his room. He was snoring loudly, his arm over his eyes. The first thing she realized with relief was that she didn’t feel physically violated. Some sense told her that hadn’t been her fate earlier. Cameron must have passed out before he could take advantage of her. 
She eased slowly from his side and looked for her clothes, mortified and wanting to cry in denial. She couldn’t remember anything. She stiffened, recalling she had only a few sips of the schnapps before she forgot everything. The schnapps had to have had something laced in it. She struggled into her bra and found the rest of her clothes at the foot of the bed. Hurriedly she dressed, knowing her mother would be worried sick.
Lindsay tiptoed around looking for her purse. She realized Cameron was really passed out when his cell phone went off and he didn’t move. She breathed a sigh of relief. She turned on the desk lamp to look for her purse. 
That was when she found the small black velvet box. It was sitting on his dresser out in the open. She covered her mouth as she picked it up and opened it. There, in a bed of velvet, was the ring Jace bought for her. It was old by the look of it. The gold was faded, but the round ruby surrounded by small diamonds glittered up at her. She put the ring in her pocket and snatched up her purse.
She tiptoed out of the house with her heart pounding so loud it was deafening in her ears. The sliding glass doors opened soundlessly as she slid out and went out the gate. Once she was clear of the driveway, she ran, not looking back. Tears blinded her as she then walked to the main gate.
It was a mile back into town. She walked down the highway with her heart bleeding to know Cam killed Jace. She accepted it like a certainty he planned to rape her in her drugged state. There was no other explanation and the pain of it made her stumble as she walked home. How else could he have the ring in his possession? 
Once she got to Merriman’s lot, she breathed a sigh of relief. She took out her keys and let herself in; relieved her mother wasn’t waiting for her. She glanced at the microwave clock. It was nearly two-thirty in the morning. She breathed easier when she slipped into her room.
Sara was sleeping within. Lindsay got her pajamas off the end off her bed and slid out to the bathroom. She passed by her mother’s bedroom and the door was open. Moonlight showed Deborah’s bed was made and she was not in it. Her mother not being home this late was unusual, but her and Jack were now inseparable.
Obviously her mother was more than a little interested in Jack. She could almost bet she waited for Sara to go to bed before she snuck over to her boyfriend’s house. A smile tugged at her lips despite her ordeal tonight. 
Tears of relief filled her eyes as she undressed and put on the pajamas. Her hands shook as she undressed, feeling repulsed and violated by the ones that removed her clothes earlier. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying to fight off the hysteria creeping close to the surface.
Lindsay was safe now, but her eyes were tortured, red-rimmed and refused to focus too closely in the mirror. Her hair was a matted disaster. She pulled it into a ponytail. She washed her face and brushed her teeth. Sorrow-filled blue eyes avoided themselves. Of all the stupid things she could have ever done? Had the sheriff not warned her that Cam was dangerous? 
She could have been raped tonight. No, Cam had been too wasted to finish what he started. Or he thought better of it at the last minute; she didn’t know.  No, it was better to not think of it. Her mind shut out any further thoughts and questions. One thing was clear, she wasn’t going anywhere near him again. 
She took the ring out of her jeans on the floor and put it on. Jace had chosen well. It fit perfect. Her hand shook as she stared down at it in wonder. It was beautiful and exactly what she would have wanted for an engagement ring. Streaming rivulets of hot tears slid down her cheeks to see the ruby and diamonds sparkle in the fluorescent lighting. 
Gut-wrenching sobs escaped her lips then as she slid down the door to the floor and stared at it, too overwhelmed by the night to do more than cry. For the first time in three weeks she gave into what was lost. Her heart cried for Jace to hold her now and make the ugliness go away.
Chapter Eight
The Deadheads were holed up in an abandoned building on the outskirts of Oblivion. Loud, boisterous laughter and cries of pain were heard from outside. The darkness was a welcome cover to the five men who stood heavily-armed outside.
“Jace, don’t go all Rambo on me when we get in there,” Merrick warned under his breath as he sent the younger man a warning look. “You can’t kill what’s already dead so make every shot count. We get in and out.”
“The demons are getting close,” Raymond said impatiently. “They smell the blood and hear the noise. We need to hurry.”
Jace thought he would feel fear, but knowing he couldn’t be killed took the edge off. The curiosity about the demons passed when he heard the low shrieks in the distance. McNeal looked grim for once, his usually glib tongue stilled in the gloom. Murdoch was agitated and looked uneasy as he looked up and down the deserted road. The low growls in the distance made the hair on the back of Jace’s neck stick up with dread.
“Ok, on three guys, let God or that other mother sort’em out,” Merrick whispered and he cocked his shotgun.
Raymond mouthed the count and suddenly they were bursting through the doors. There were five Deadheads inside, all dressed in black leather and highly intoxicated. Music blared inside. The largest of them had a white-blond Mohawk. He turned with a hiss on his pale, corpse-like features. 
Jace wasn’t prepared to see them up close. He flinched at the sight of them, seeing the misery of their existence. They were the walking dead. No wonder they lived to extract pain. Pain excited them and made them feel alive. They had a table full of knives and other tools of torture. 
Their skin was a pale, grayish blue in color with sightless eyes. They appeared brainless but they moved very fast, scattering as they came inside. The four Newbies were tied to the wall, all moaning and bleeding. Taken unaware; the Deadheads all scurried for cover. 
Jace took position near the doors doing what Merrick instructed him, calmly and efficiently dropping four out of the five Deadheads while Raymond and Murdoch cut down their captives. It was three men and a woman. McNeal grabbed the woman and carried her out. The three men were escorted out by Raymond and Murdoch. 
Jace watched in fascination as the Deadheads got up soon after being shot. He downed each one again with a clean shot to the head. Merrick helped. Between the two of them; they kept the five down until all four Newbies were safe inside the van. 
“Go on Jace!” Merrick called out, his eyes on the rousing Deadheads. “I’ll cover you until you get to the van. Go!”
“I’m not leaving you here,” Jace shouted as he downed the leader again before he could get up.
“That’s an order, kid! Get to the van! Those demons will be here any minute.”
Jace was frustrated the bullets only stunned the Deadheads for a few seconds before they were up again and a threat. Two had gotten their hands on weapons and were returning fire. He took a bullet to the chest and was hardly affected. Merrick took his share of bullets too. Jace heard him grunt with pain and saw he was down.
The shrieks outside were getting closer when Murdoch and McNeal ran back inside.
“There’s a whole lot of em’ guys!” Murdoch shouted. “Let’s go!”
McNeal helped cover them as Jace dragged Merrick with him to the doors, shooting and reshooting the five leather-clad corpse-like creatures. When they cleared the doors, Jace dragged Merrick with him to the van waiting outside. McNeal and Murdoch fired on the Deadheads as Jace jumped in the back. McNeal and Murdoch sent several automatic rounds into the five pursuing Deadheads before they ran and jumped into the back of the van.
The van sped away, running over creatures Jace saw in his worst nightmares. They were like rabid dogs as they jumped snarling and growling on the hood, looking very human except for their solid black eye sockets. 
Jace was wide-eyed as he saw one demon punch through the windshield and grab Murdoch by the throat in the passenger seat. He was gasping and struggling in the demons hold, even as big as he was. Jace could see why you wouldn’t want to be caught by one. It wasn’t likely you would get away.
Raymond calmly stuck a gun through the hole in the windshield and shot the demon, sending him rolling off the hood of the van. All within watched as Raymond drove, mowing down more demons while Merrick and Murdoch shot from the open rear doors of the van behind them.
Each man was assigned one of the new arrivals. Merrick wasn’t at all pleased to get the only woman. She was young, early twenties, crying and wanted to call her husband. They were all quiet as they listened to her lament over not being able to pick up her son at his daycare.
Merrick rolled his eyes and looked at Jace, winking at him. “You wanna take this one, Jace? I think you can handle her.”
Jace glared at Merrick, but something in the woman’s plaintive sobs reminded him of how it was for him that first day. She was dressed in a waitress uniform, probably on her way to or from work when she was killed. 
The blood on her uniform was hers from whatever happened to her in the world. Jace could see the woman was traumatized. She huddled in a ball, too hysterical to be reasoned with. 
He reached down and wiped her reddish-brown hair from her face. She had healed. Blood streaked a face that was quite pretty. Her name badge on her dress front said Daphne. He knew what he was about to tell her was not going to be accepted.
“Daphne,” he leaned down and whispered. “You’re safe now. No one will hurt you. Welcome to Oblivion.”
“I need to call my husband and tell him to pick up the baby,” she said tearfully as she looked up at him with a worried look in her gaze. 
Merrick smiled broadly and looked out into the inky darkness as Jace explained to all four where they were. Drea’s assailant from twenty years ago was an old man now. He was the quietest of them all and didn’t argue what was told to him. The other two were a young insurance salesman who got jumped on the wrong side of town and a homeless guy.
“I don’t understand,” Daphne said again and looked like she would continue to cry.
“We’re dead, little lady,” Jose informed her tightly. The old man looked away from her devastated expression. “I guess we just wait for judgment now.”
“There is no judgment here,” Jace explained as he met Drea’s rapist and killer’s eyes with a cold look. “That’s not why you’re here. But while you’re here; these are the things you have to deal with, your friends back there and those things that attacked the van.”
“It ain’t Hell?” Jose asked in surprise.
Jace thought it unfair too. Jose deserved to burn for what he and his friends had done to Drea twenty years before. He hurt a lot of people before and after that certainly. 
“No it’s not Hell,” Jace confirmed and glared at the relieved-looking man. “That comes later.”
“Why?” he asked, looking nervous.
“When you’re murdered this is where you go for a while,” Jace replied tightly, hating the way the man seemed to appear more confidant now. He realized before the other ones he was getting a reprieve.
Daphne looked sick. “I closed the diner and was walking to my car. I don’t remember anything after that. Why can’t I remember?”
“Your mind is protecting itself from seeing what happened to you,” Jace answered and saw she was devastated to know she wouldn’t be picking her baby up at daycare now. “You’ll have enough come back to you to piece it together.”
The insurance agent remained quiet, appearing dazed during the exchange. Jose Medeiros looked pleased and it aggravated Jace. Figures the guiltiest of them all saw the benefits of being in Oblivion.
“Tell them the job description, Jace,” Merrick added.
Jace looked at all four and smiled. “While you’re here, you’ll be expected to rescue those like you who come into Oblivion.”
“And face those things back there? No way,” Will the insurance agent said in near-hysteria. “I’m not going anywhere near them.”
“Pull over Raymond!” Merrick called and smiled at the agent as the van came to a stop. “You wanna get out? That’s your choice. In exchange for protection, you look out for those like you. It’s a two-way street, buddy. You don’t want to do it; you’re on your own, but you won’t last long. Most don’t. I saw it before. If the demons don’t get you; the Deadheads do. You’re choice.”
The agent looked like he was going to be sick. “Fine, just get me out of here.”
McNeal looked at him in disgust. “You ever fire a gun, boy?”
“No, I never fired a gun!” he said angrily and looked at McNeal in horror. “We have to shoot things?”
McNeal rolled his eyes and looked back to the road. “Great, I get the wimp.”
Murdoch and the others chuckled. Raymond eyed the man in amusement. 
“You go with McNeal and the woman goes with Merrick. Murdoch takes the old guy and raggedy man is with me. Drea needs a break.”
“My name is Goose,” the homeless man said indignantly.
“Why do they call you Goose?” Raymond asked.
“I eat them,” Goose said proudly as he adjusted his grimy shirt. “Good eating and all I could get in the park. They’re hard to catch though.”
“Well Goose that speed of yours might pay off for you now,” Raymond informed him, “from what you saw back there; I don’t have to tell you what to avoid. Deadheads might be stupid but they’re fast.”
Daphne was crying again and Jace felt sorry for her. He knew what she was going through. He’d been a parent to Sara and Dougie. Waking up here and worrying about the kids drove him out of his mind those first few days. She would need time to absorb the fact her husband was now responsible for their six-month old son.  
He eyed Raymond with a new respect because Merrick was the most understanding of them all. She would need that. The leader might act like he was hard as nails, but he obviously placed each newcomer appropriately and with some sense of where they fit.
“It’s going to be ok,” he heard himself tell Daphne, trying to console her and convince himself of it. His heart ached to know he would never hold Lindsay again or be there to see his younger siblings grow up. What could you tell a woman who wouldn’t see her baby again? He doubted there was much he could say to make Daphne feel better about her situation.
“My son just started cutting teeth,” she said tearfully and sat against the side of the van with a sorrowful look. “I can’t think of not going home tonight.”
“I took care of my brother. I know what you mean,” Jace replied. “They probably went into foster homes when I died. It bothers me too. Just know that the living will take care of the living. Down here, you have to take care of yourself.”
“Those things back there,” Daphne said with a shudder. “What’s their problem? They’re dead too right? What is their beef with us?”
“Deadheads took the easy way out,” Raymond answered her. “They’re suicides who are stuck here forever. That makes them hate us because eventually we move on and they can’t. The demons just want your soul. They get in good with their master if they manage to get enough of them.”
“Master? You mean the devil?”
Raymond shrugged. “Haven’t met the guy. We only know the demons prey on us as much as the Deadheads. They get a hold of you; it’s all over.”
“Move on?” she asked and looked hopeful. “Eventually we all go to Heaven?”
“Some of you,” Raymond said and eyed Jose Medeiros in amusement. “Some of you go somewhere else.”
“How do you know where you’re going?” Daphne persisted, her pretty face looking worried.
“You know,” Raymond said with a contemptuous look at Jose. “It depends on how you lived your life. Trust me, lady; you don’t need to worry about it.”
   Jose looked less confident now and stared out the back window of the van now, aware he was going to the other place.
“How long will we be here?” she asked.
“We don’t know,” Raymond said honestly and shook his head. “It’s different for everyone. You weren’t meant to die this soon. That’s why you’re here. You live in Oblivion until your time comes and then move on to wherever you go.”
“Can we change where we’re going?” Jose asked as he looked at Raymond closely, a worried look in his brown eyes.
Raymond looked slightly smug. “That’s the biggest question, pal. We don’t know. That’s why we do what we do. Every good deed might help. It can’t hurt.”
Jose looked shaken and stared back out the window. Daphne sat quietly too. Goose was acting like a tourist and avidly looking out the window. Will was pouting, obviously unhappy with what he heard.
Jace liked Daphne best among the newcomers and was glad they were taking her with them.  The van dropped them at the warehouse and Merrick opened the garage door. Daphne followed Jace and looked wide-eyed as she looked around. Jace smiled at her doe-in-the-headlights expression.
“Merrick will brief you on everything else you need to know, Daphne,” he told her. “You would be smart to listen to every word he says. You don’t know how long you’ll be here. There’s a lot to learn.”
Daphne frowned then. “If those demons get us, we’re just nothing then, right? No soul means we just disappear?”
Jace looked tense. “You go to the other place for eternity. You don’t want to get caught by them.”
Daphne appeared to accept things after that. Jace showed her to the guest room and to the shower. He found a set of fatigues small enough for her and a pair of boots. He left her alone and joined Merrick on the fire escape. He was smoking and looking angry.
“Don’t ever do that again, Jace. When I tell you to go; you go. That could have been bad back there.” 
Jace glared at him. “I’m not going to leave you or the others behind, Merrick.”
Merrick looked furious. “You don’t get it, kid. That’s why there’s so few of us. We saved four Newbies tonight.  That stunt you pulled playing hero could have cost us.”
“I don’t get it.”
Merrick blew smoke and shrugged. “I think you do but you don’t want to see it. We got nothing’ to lose, Jace. We both know where I’m going. If I can save four here, four there, it might matter. You gotta chance. Don’t do that again. You just leave me next time.”
“I can’t do that!” Jace exploded and shook his head. “You’re asking me to leave you to them?”
“If it saves four more; I don’t mind.”
Jace could see Merrick was disturbed by his actions. “You expected to be sacrificed, didn’t you?”
“Sometimes it’s necessary, you’ll see. Ya get tired, Jace. I been doing this for forty years. We both know that’s a long life. I died at twenty-three. Ya get me now? I just want out of here, no matter where that is.”
“What’s Raymond’s story? He’s been here since 1864.”
“1865 more like it,” Merrick said and sighed tiredly. “He says he disobeyed his commanding officer who wanted him to burn down a plantation house filled with women and children who barricaded it from the Yankees.”
“You think he burned it down, don’t you?” Jace asked knowingly and whistled. “Guess he goes to the other place eventually.”
“Jace, he’s paying for every life he took,” Merrick said tensely. “You don’t get no break down here. Those are some serious years he’s looking at combined. I heard over one hundred people died in that plantation house, mostly slaves. You figure how many years they had left times one hundred and that’s why Raymond is still here. He won’t admit it, but he done it. He torched the place and got shot on the battlefield a month later.”
“That guy who killed Drea could be here a while too,” Jace mused.
“Yeah, well best thing could happen if she passed on soon.”
“How does it happen?”
Merrick smiled and looked delighted. “The light comes for ya, kid. It’s about the most beautiful thing I ever saw. It comes and leads you away. The demons can’t even touch you then, and they try. They bounce off like bugs hittin’ a zapper.”
“Are they angels?”
“I believe they are,” Merrick said and smiled fondly. “All I know is that light fills you with such joy you don’t doubt there’s a God, kid. It’s hard to explain. You have to see it for yourself. I figure Drea will be the first of us to go.”
Jace smiled at the tough black man’s expression. “The light could come for you too, Merrick. You might be surprised.”
Merrick’s smile faded and a bleak look entered his gaze. “I know where I’m going, kid. Some things are unforgivable. No amount of Newbies saved is goin’ to save me.”
“You don’t know that,” Jace pointed out. “You heard Raymond. This could be a way to redeem yourself.”
“Yeah well Raymond, he in the same boat as me, maybe worse,” Merrick said with a cackle. “We just see which of us get greeted by the light or the dark.”
“The dark?” Jace asked. “What does it look like?”
“It’s a black fog and it comes for you, surrounds you, and drags you away,” Merrick said and looked slightly uneasy. “Like I said, ain’t no comin’ back from my sins.”
Jace felt bad for Merrick, but he still had no intention of letting the man relinquish his soul to the demons. If he was there, Merrick wouldn’t get away with it on his watch. He left Merrick and returned to the living room. Daphne was back, her long red hair wet from the shower, and a subdued expression on her pretty face.
“What do I do now, Jace?” she asked in a small voice that made him want to hug her.
He could see she suffered to know she couldn’t get to her child. 
“Daphne, use your time here to learn and to train. I’m new here too, but what I do know is you don’t want to fall prey to the Deadheads or these demons you saw. Help the group and you have a place here.”
“I’m a waitress, Jace,” she scoffed and raised an eyebrow. “How am I going to help?”
“You’d be surprised,” Jace said. “I didn’t have much use for guns and such back home and I’m a crack shot. Just use your head mostly. Listen to Merrick and do what they tell you to do.”
“Do you miss home?”
“So much it hurts,” Jace responded with a sad smile. “I had a girl I loved. I was asking her to marry me before all this happened. I have a brother and sister that counted on me. I know how you feel. Me being dead means those two are on their own. I know there isn’t anything anyone can say to make you feel better, but know you aren’t alone.”
“Are we ghosts? Can we go back?”
“Merrick said that isn’t allowed. You go out of here and a demon follows you, they could get to your family,” he warned and felt bad, because he was willing to take such a risk.
“I just want to peek in and make sure they’re okay.”
“It’s too dangerous. A demon follows and your son is at risk.”
“Tell me you haven’t been tempted to see how their all doin’?”
“I won’t lie. It tears me up. I wouldn’t risk their safety though, just to satisfy my own curiosity.”
“How is it done?”
Jace tensed. He was aware of the ripple separating them from the world. He already planned to leave here. He could walk through the doorway there. In order to get back, it had to remain open with no one there to close it for him. 
That was the danger in allowing demons entry. What Merrick didn’t know was that he planned on never returning and closing that door behind him. He kept that to himself. Daphne needed to settle in, not learn how to raise hell in the lives of those she loved.  
“Later we can talk about all that,” Jace said. “For now, I’ll tell you what I know about this place.”
He spent the next hour telling her what was expected. She would live here with him and Merrick. She was already aware her human needs were gone and seemed delighted to not sleep. The things that distressed him seemed to please her. People were all so different. 
Daphne was twenty-two in human age. She and the guy she married weren’t getting along. They got pregnant too soon. The baby was a lot of responsibility and the guy wasn’t down for it. Now that she calmed down, she realized her husband probably gave their son to her parents. This seemed to please her. When Jace asked about her marriage, she looked amused.
“Aaron didn’t want to get married; I did,” she said and shrugged. “He cheated whenever he thought I wasn’t looking. We weren’t happy at all. We talked about divorce. Me dying just frees him up and my mom gets Jacob.”
“You handle it better than I did when I got here,” Jace noted in approval.
Daphne was really pretty and he couldn’t help but notice it. He felt like he betrayed Lindsay by continually noticing how perfect her lips were and how incredible her eyes looked in contrast with her red hair. 
“I figure some serial killer passing through got me. I mean, nothing happens in the town I live in. We have three street lights, Jace.”
“Yeah, sounds like Little Bend,” he agreed with a laugh. “Blink and you miss it.”
Daphne frowned. “I don’t want to see what happened to me. I’m scared.”
“No, you gotta try and see it,” Jace told her. “Merrick said that’s an important part in getting out of here down the road. Bits and pieces come back every day. You need to know who killed you and why. That’s part of the reason you’re here.”
“What if it was just some freak?” she asked with a laugh. “They don’t need a reason to kill somebody.”
“What if it was your husband?” Jace couldn’t help but ask and saw her tense. Her face looked stricken.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.”
“No, that’s a fair statement. Aaron certainly didn’t love me anymore,” she said and seemed to contemplate it. “Now that you mention it; Aaron recently got life insurance on both of us. He said it would take care of Jacob if anything happened to us. I just signed something about a month ago.”
“Well, if he did it; he’s busted,” Jace consoled her. “They always go after the husband first and look to see if they have recent life insurance. I watched crime stories on TV all the time. If he did it; he’s going to prison, trust me.”
“Aaron is too much of a wimp to do it himself,” she said with a laugh. “We didn’t have any money so he couldn’t have hired someone.”
“What about a girlfriend? You said he cheated. He could have wanted you out of the way to be with someone else. Whoever killed you could have been a female too.”
“Who killed you?” she asked curiously.
Jace tensed, not wanting to think about Cam. “He was my best friend. There were some issues between us. I thought we were tight. I definitely didn’t see it coming.”
“Is he going to get caught?” Daphne prodded when he stopped speaking, content to think her husband would pay for it if it was true.
“I don’t know,” Jace said and looked miserable. “I see bits of that day and see him stabbing me. I wish I knew why he did it. Out of everything; that’s what I ask myself. What was worth killing me over?”
“Some best friend,” she said and Jace laughed. Merrick said the same thing.
“Yeah, he screwed me over, for sure. Cam was pretty good at hiding his feelings. What he did to me took hatred.”
Daphne looked sad. “Jace, don’t excuse your killer. Whatever you did in life couldn’t deserve being murdered like that.”
Jace thought about Marnie and tensed. He never got to see her that day to give her the money for an abortion in Helena. Cam refused to help her, claiming the kid wasn’t his. Dooley blew her off when Sheriff Wilson announced he was retiring and his job was up for grabs. 
Jace wasn’t about to let her go through it on her own. He was saving the money in his account to fly down and register for classes with Lindsay. When he determined he wasn’t going, he used the six hundred dollars to buy Lindsay a ring and help Marnie. 
Jace regretted his actions back in December. Lindsay started wanting to have sex. He was embarrassed he didn’t have any experience. Cam laughed at him when he discovered he was still a virgin.  After taking care of Sara and Dougie, he didn’t have time to chase girls. Lindsay was a virgin too. He never thought about sex like other guys did.
Cam was determined he lose his virginity, saying he didn’t want to look like an idiot to Lindsay. Jace told him to leave it alone. His best friend reasoned he needed to know what he was doing when he and Lindsay finally slept together. He reluctantly agreed. The next thing he knew, Cam drove him to Marnie’s trailer after school let out for Christmas break.
Thinking about how Marnie took him to her bedroom and showed him another world while Cam waited in his truck in her driveway bothered him. The casualness of it made him uncomfortable. Cam said he didn’t care. What were buddies for? He laughed and said his sleeping with Marnie didn’t bother him. Marnie got around and most of his friends had already been with her, he claimed. 
 Marnie and he were friends since they were old enough to talk. Her dad ran with his. Even so, something so intimate was awkward. She eased him into it with sensitivity and Jace could hardly deny he enjoyed that afternoon in her bed. 
She was patient and instructed him without a bit of judgment because he was seventeen and a virgin. If anything, she seemed to respect him more for it. After, he got dressed and felt bad about using Marnie. He shouldn’t have worried about her feelings. He was assured it was the least she could do. Still, the gentleman he always tried to be rebelled at treating her so shabbily. 
Jace didn’t see Marnie in school much a month later in January, or in early February. A few weeks later Cam announced the two cooled things off. She came to him the night before he died in mid-March to tell him she was pregnant. She cried her eyes out, saying it wasn’t fair to him.
 Obviously she had no clue who the father was. She’d been with him, Cam, and Officer Dooley that month, all unprotected. She told him how Cam shunned her right after he found out, saying she wasn’t pinning it on him, calling her a whore.
Jace would have paid for the abortion whether there was a chance it was his or not. That was just him. He knew Marnie would get kicked out of the house if her parents found out. Jack and Dee Slade wouldn’t take in any grand babies. Marnie was warned to not get knocked up or else. It was the right thing to do and he had failed in that too.
The thought of what his death meant to Marnie made him aware he was her only hope. She told him how Cam refused to get the money for the abortion from his parents. For months he put her off until she had one week to make a decision or it would be too late and she couldn’t have one legally. Marnie’s condition would spread like wild fire. His name was bound to come up. Lindsay would find out he cheated on her. That thought devastated him.
That was what burned him the most. Cam was with her since the previous summer and took no responsibility for her condition. He totaled his truck that summer and wanted the Mustang from his father. He thought his parents would back out if they knew Marnie was pregnant.  
 Jace lost all respect for his friend overnight. He recalled the conversation he had with Cam that night at The Point. Cam told him he was the biggest sucker for paying for it, saying for all they knew she was sleeping with other guys too. Jace decided at that moment Cam was not who he thought all those years they’d been friends.
The next day when Cam caught up with him outside the jewelry shop he avoided him, saying he needed to pick up Dougie. Cam begged him to be dropped at Marnie’s. Cam said he had to talk to her about the abortion. He said he was taking her into Helena on Monday and cutting school so Jace wouldn’t have to. 
Jace refused at first, thinking Dougie would be upset to find him gone if he got done early. Cam said she needed the money that day. That decision to give into Cam cost him his life. Out of all his regrets, that was the worst. The one time he acted out of character it cost him big time. 
Cam obviously harbored a hatred of him that went beyond mere competitiveness in school, sports, and the thing with Marnie. Whatever it was troubled him. Cam was still back in the world maintaining the illusion of a grieving friend. 
He thought of his former friend’s attraction to Lindsay and stiffened. Merrick didn’t understand why he had to go back. Lindsay needed to be warned away from Cam. If it was the last thing he did, he would make sure Cam got caught for killing him.
“You’re a million miles away, Jace,” Daphne said with a smile. “I’m sorry if I brought up bad memories for you.”
Jace shook off his melancholy and grinned. “It just happened three weeks ago, not really memories yet.”
Daphne looked sad. “You’re a Newbie too. I’m sorry. You just seem so knowledgeable about everything here.”
“There’s nothing to do but learn while you’re here, Daphne. Trust me, after three weeks you will be on the welcome wagon for the others.”
“There’s more Deadheads here than us,” Daphne surmised with a sad look. “Isn’t that something? I don’t think I could ever take my own life, as bad as things could have gotten. I would have thought about my son.”
Jace nodded and agreed. “I was surprised too about how many of them there are, but they stay here, so it stands to reason they’re more in number than us. Eventually you’ll move on, all of us will. They stay here and more join them every day.”
Merrick came in then and smiled at them both. “I got some things to do tonight so I’m gonna leave you two here. Jace, you take Daphne out back and teach her to shoot. Be on the lookout for the demons. They ain’t happy they lost out on gettin’ these folks.”
“Where are you going?” Jace asked.
“Raymond is demanding a meeting with all of us except for the Newbies.”
“A pep talk?”
“Something like that.”
Jace was dismayed by his growing attraction to Daphne. She filled out the black fatigues pretty good, showing off her lush full figure. He was disgusted with his panic to know he was to be left alone with her. Merrick must have seen something in his face.
“I won’t be long, kid. You just get Daphne settled.”
Jace looked relieved and Merrick winked in understanding. Jace was thinking about how to keep from staring at her rear end in the fatigues. Daphne was hot. Her husband was an idiot. The redhead made him feel all hot and uncomfortable inside. He wanted to kiss her and it shocked him. Barely dead three weeks, and he was already thinking about cheating on Lindsay with a dead woman.
Chapter Nine
Lindsay stood outside the studio apartment door above Amelia’s Boutique and Gifts and frowned. She avoided this confrontation with Marnie as long as she could. She dodged Cam now, quitting his tutoring the following Monday citing illness. 
No way would she pretend what he tried to do to her was okay with her. She refused to even take his calls. Cam was sent away by her mom or Sara five times that week when he came by. No amount of apologies would excuse his attempt to rape her. Discovering the ring in his possession sealed his fate.
After she left Marnie; she was going to Sheriff Wilson. She felt it in her heart Cam killed Jace only she had no clue why. Marnie might be able to clear that up for her. She needed this closure, some explanation of why the man she loved was taken from her. She realized she might never know Cam’s reasons.
The door opened and both young women stared at one another. Marnie’s hazel-green eyes narrowed. She looked like she was napping. Her eyes were red and puffy and her eyeliner was smeared slightly. Her permed waist-length dark hair was wild and messy.
“What do you want, Lindsay?”
Lindsay brushed by her and entered the studio apartment, looking around at the place with a dismal look on her face. Marnie’s few belongings hardly made the place more cheerful. A bed, a dresser and a small table were the only furniture. Her Hefty bags were still piled up in a corner.
“We have to talk,” Lindsay said tightly, wanting to scream and yell at her for screwing her boyfriend, but it went beyond that now. Jace was dead. His killer could be a threat to Marnie and her unborn child. Like it or not, she was here on a mission of mercy.
“If you came to try and make me feel bad about Jace, save your breath,” the girl snapped as she slammed the door shut. “Just so you know; I didn’t go after him. He came to me.”
“That’s not why I’m here.”
She walked back into the room and eyed Lindsay carefully. “What do you want then?”
“Why did you lie to the police, Marnie? You didn’t know Cameron was waiting for you at your house the day Jace died.”
The girl looked livid. “How do you know that? You don’t know shit! It’s none of your business anyway, Miss Goody-Goody.”
“It is when Jace wound up dead later and you covered up for Cam that day.”
Marnie avoided her eyes and went to the small kitchenette and opened the ancient refrigerator. She took out a can of Coke and offered Lindsay one. She took it from her gratefully. Marnie sighed and sat at a bar stool at the island that separated her kitchen from her bedroom.
“I came home from work and he was just there. We broke up a month before and all of a sudden he just shows up. Trust me; I was surprised to see him. After I went to his dad about the money; he refused to talk to me. When he found out about the baby, he blew me off right away.”
“He said you told him in February you were pregnant.”
“That’s a lie. I told him in January! He knew as soon as I did!” Marnie snapped. “He put me off the whole time, promising he would get the money for an abortion. He never did, and that’s when I went to his dad. I even hit up Dooley for it. He refused me too. I only went to Jace as a last resort because I was desperate, not that I really thought it was his. I had to have it done that week or I couldn’t have it done at all,” she explained and sipped her Coke. “He said he’d take care of it. You know Jace? He was like that. I should have gone to him months ago. He was coming to see me that day to give me the money. Now it’s too late for that.”
Lindsay sat at the other bar stool. “Is it Jace’s baby? You can tell me the truth. I won’t freak out, I swear. I just want the truth.”
Marnie looked miserable and looked down at her hands. “I don’t know. Realistically, it’s probably Cam’s because we were together since summer, but I was with Jace and Dooley that month. We were fighting and Dan and I hooked up. There’s a chance it could be any one of them. I wish I knew.”
“Cam said you told him you and Jace were seeing each other since last summer,” Lindsay stated coldly.  “Is that true? I’d really like to know so I can quit mourning him.”
 Marnie looked outraged at that. “He’s lying! He knows when I was with Jace. He knows because he brought him out there that day!”
Lindsay looked shocked. “What do you mean?”
Marnie took a calming breath and looked at her in surprise. “He was a virgin, Lindsay. He said you were pressuring him to have sex all the time. He didn’t know what to do. Why do you think he came to me? He and I have been friends since we were in diapers.  And it was just the one time. I swear to God it was just the once. Cam told him you would be disappointed if he didn’t know what to do. Jace never cheated on you as far as I know. We both know I would have enjoyed telling you if he had.”
Lindsay nearly fell off the bar stool at that. Tears filled her eyes to know Jace had only gone to Marnie once to learn how to make love to her, not to just cheat on her. Somehow it softened the blow of his being with someone else, knowing he thought he was doing it for her. Still, the girl was pregnant and the child could be his.
“Then Cameron is a total liar because he said he didn’t know about you two. Now you tell me he set it all up as a favor to Jace?”
“Lindsay, you don’t know how Cam is,” Marnie said quietly and looked away. “I thought he cared about me. That day he came over and told me to have sex with Jace as a favor to him; I knew he didn’t care about me at all. He was just using me the whole time.” 
“I think he had something to do with Jace’s death,” Lindsay said softly and saw Marnie’s nose wrinkle in disgust.
“Whatever! He’s a jerk for sure, but a murderer? Come on, Lindsay! That’s why I covered for him with the cops. Cam is no murderer. Besides, Jace was his friend,” Marnie said hotly and shook her dark head. “You’re wrong! He might be a liar and an idiot, but I won’t believe he did that to Jace.”
“He lied about everything, Marnie! He led me to believe all this stuff about Jace too. Why would he do that if he was a friend?”
Marnie eyed her thoughtfully. “He said he’s always had a thing for you, but you always had eyes for Jace. I never gave it much thought before now. Maybe that was why he lied, just to get in your pants after Jace died. I don’t know, but I do know he isn’t a murderer.”
Lindsay flushed and looked away, not wanting to think about the near rape at Cam’s hands that night he drugged the schnapps. Nobody had to know about it, she thought in regret.
“That isn’t happening. I think he killed Jace, Marnie. I feel it. I have reason to think he means you harm too.”
Marnie’s eyes widened and she set down the Coke. “Lindsay, you’re losin’ it. Cam wouldn’t hurt me. He didn’t kill Jace! Some drifter did it. How can you think that?”
Lindsay pulled out the ring in her jeans pocket and held it up for her to see. 
“Jace bought this for me the day he died. The money he intended to give to you for the abortion was taken too. I was tutoring Cam and found this in his room. How do you think he got it if he didn’t kill him?”  
Marnie looked like she was kicked in the stomach. She shook her head, horror reflected in her gaze. “No, he wouldn’t do it, Lindsay. There has to be some other explanation. Maybe he stole it when Jace wasn’t looking?”
“Marnie, this is the same guy who refused to ask his parents for the money for an abortion because he wanted their car. Do you really think he has much of a conscience?”
“They were friends! Why would Cam kill Jace? It makes no sense.”
“All I know is my boyfriend is dead and Cam was the last one to see him alive and took his money and this ring. It is the way it is, Marnie. Either way, I’m going to Sheriff Wilson with it.”
“That proves nothing!” Marnie cried and looked pale suddenly.
“It proves enough to me, Marnie. You can make excuses for Cam all you want.”
The girl started to cry and hugged herself around her middle. “I knew something was wrong with him that day. When I saw him on my porch when I got off work; I knew.”
“What do you mean?” Lindsay asked quietly, her eyes wide and anxious.
“He acted funny that day, kinda weird, and excited about something. He was wet too, his hair and his clothes. I dried his clothes for him now that I think about it. He said he walked from the interstate after Jace dropped him there and fell in the creek,” Marnie explained as she wiped her eyes. “He made some excuse he wanted to talk about the baby and I knew it was a lie. He never wanted to talk about the baby. He said it wasn’t his from the start. He said it was my problem until I threatened to go to his parents.”
“Marnie I know his having the ring and the money missing doesn’t prove he did it, but you knew Jace just as well as I did. Do you think he would make Cam walk three miles from the interstate to your trailer? Do you think he would pick up some drifter on his way back?”
“No, it sounded funny when I heard it. Jace wouldn’t have made Cam walk and he didn’t trust anybody. He didn’t pick up a hitchhiker. I never believed that.”
“Why is it so hard for you to believe Cam did it?” Lindsay challenged harshly. “Jace is dead, Marnie. He didn’t deserve this.”
“I loved Jace too, like everybody, Lindsay, but you’re expecting me to believe Cam is a murderer,” she snapped and glared at her in disgust. “I could be having his kid, ya know?”
“Don’t you want to know the truth?”
“You seem pretty sure it was Cam!”
“Who else would it be?” Lindsay asked wearily and shook her head. “Had you told the sheriff all of this they would have arrested Cam right then; maybe got evidence. Now, that’s not happening.”
Marnie looked irritated. “Sorry if I gave the father of my kid the benefit of the doubt!”
“You said you didn’t know whose it was!” Lindsay snapped, losing patience with her.
“Lindsay, I don’t need this crap right now! I have enough problems,” the girl raged and got up from the bar, her face filled with anger. “I got a place to stay for three more weeks and have to be out. A family in Helena wants the baby and said they would pay me and put me up somewhere to adopt it. I have until tomorrow to decide. Mrs. Warren gave me until after graduation.”
“What are you going to do?” Lindsay asked sorrowfully, knowing the baby could be Jace’s and feeling miserable about it.
“What can I do? I have to have it now!” Marnie fumed and stomped away from her, going to the bathroom and leaving Lindsay alone.
“Did you ever consider keeping it?” Lindsay asked when she returned.
Marnie rolled her eyes. “No, the thought didn’t cross my mind. I’m eighteen, Lindsay. You think I wanna be tied down to a kid right now? Nine months of this is enough.”
Lindsay was miserable to hear Marnie would give the baby up. She understood all too well. She didn’t know who fathered it. Rather than face it; she was giving it up for adoption. Lindsay felt sorry for her. Even if Marnie acted like it was no big deal, it had to hurt.
“I didn’t come here to upset you. I just wanted the truth.”
“No you came here to accuse Cam of murdering Jace.”
“I came here to warn you too,” Lindsay said tightly. “He made some threats. Knowing what I know brought me here. How could I not come?”
“Cam didn’t do it, Lindsay!”
“Do you know that for sure, Marnie? He lied about everything that happened that day. We both know he could have done it and washed up in the creek and walked to your house. You just don’t want to see it because you’re too close to it.”
“Just go, Lindsay. I got enough of my own problems now.”
“Fine, but how can you live with yourself if he is guilty? Jace came to help you when Cam blew you off for months. What does that tell you?” Lindsay demanded irately. “You protecting him won’t make him responsible for that kid either. He told me flat out it wasn’t his! He bailed on you Marnie! If you think he’s going to rush right over here and stop you from giving up the baby, think again. He even told me he wants you gone.”
Marnie glared at Lindsay. “You’re lying! You just want me to go to the sheriff with you.”
“I don’t have to lie to you, Marnie. You know I’m telling the truth.”
Lindsay got up and left without another word. She was sitting in the station wagon when Marnie opened the door up and came out of the apartment. She came down the stairs frowning. The girl joined her, getting into the station wagon. 
“Fine, I’ll tell him what I know,” Marnie snapped and buckled her seatbelt. “I felt crummy for lying anyway. It proves nothing.”
“It proves he lied and he cleaned up in the creek.”
Marnie folded her arms across her chest and rolled her eyes. “Yeah, falling in the creek makes him a murderer, Lindsay. Whatever, I’ll tell the sheriff the truth. I don’t need you stirring things up for me when I try to leave here after graduation. I would appreciate it if you don’t say anything to him. I’ll say I just remembered something.”
“Fine, have it your way. Either way he’s going to hear the truth.”
“Lindsay, what if you’re wrong? Cam has a lot going for him now! He’s going away to school and this is just going to keep him here under investigation,” Marnie complained sourly, still defending the guy who abandoned her.
Good, Lindsay thought savagely. I hope they lock his ass up while they’re at it! As long as he’s nowhere near me!
“Yeah, look at everything he’s got going for him now,” Lindsay said with a slight sneer as she backed out of the lot. “He got the scholarship Jace was offered too. Another motive? I don’t know about you, but all these things must have made him do it.”
“Whatever! Let’s get this over with.”
~ ~ ~
Sheriff Wilson was glad Dan was out on patrol when the girls arrived. He took them both separately in his office. Lindsay handed him the ring and he looked at it gravely. He didn’t need to take it to Amelia Warren to know it was the same one Jason Turner bought the day he died.
Marnie looked harassed and unapologetic as she recalled something she claimed to have forgotten weeks before during questioning. He knew she was lying but he was relieved she came forward. The Morgan girl must have gotten to her.
“I don’t care how it looks, he didn’t do it,” Marnie said when she finished telling him what really happened. “Cam and Jace have been friends since the fifth grade. Why would he kill him?”
Sheriff Wilson wanted to talk to Lindsay alone and Marnie went outside to wait. He lit a cigarette and smiled. 
“I don’t know how you got her to crack, but I thank you. We’ve hammered her for weeks and she stuck with that story. Now we know enough to arrest him on suspicion.”
“Then what happens?” Lindsay asked.
“Then, that fancy lawyer of his comes in and bails him out, either way we charge him and it’s for the courts to figure out.”
Lindsay looked panicked to think Cam would walk around free until then. “But I thought he would be in jail?”
“Lindsay, he doesn’t have any priors and isn’t considered a flight risk. We can’t hold him until he goes to court.”
Lindsay considered the fact Cam would know she turned him in and he would figure out Marnie helped get him arrested. She shivered despite the warmth of the office. Had she known, she would have hesitated to help out of fear. After what Cam tried to do to her she realized how unstable he was. Knowing he wouldn’t be locked up until she left Little Bend made her nervous.
“What if he comes after me and Marnie?” she demanded and glared at him. “After what he did to Jace, you’re just going to let him walk around free?”
“I wouldn’t, but the judge plays golf with his dad, Lindsay. It isn’t up to me. We both know they won’t hold him until they take this to trial,” he explained and looked concerned too. “Look, he’s facing a murder charge. He wouldn’t risk coming after either of you right now.”
“I told you he threatened Marnie and you know he’s guilty!”
“Lindsay, it’s the law! I’m disgusted too, but there’s enough evidence to arrest him and the prosecutor does the rest.”
“What if they drop the charges?”
Sheriff Wilson thought of the DNA results and agreed. The DNA they found on Jace’s body wasn’t Cameron’s but another person’s. Without a confession they had circumstantial evidence against Cameron Chase. The ring only proved he was a thief, not a murderer. But in the meantime, he would walk around free and was a threat to both Lindsay and his ex-girlfriend Marnie Slade. 
“Let’s hope he breaks during interrogation, Lindsay. I’m going all out on his ass. I’m not letting up until he admits it.”
“What if he’s as sick as I think he is?” she asked in dread.
Sheriff Wilson looked at her in sudden interest. “Would you consider wearing a wire, Lindsay? If you could confront him, get him to admit it, we could use it.”
She looked shaken. “I think he drugged me the night I got that ring, Sheriff. I know this is all off the record and I trust you won’t tell my mom?”
“No, whatever you say is off the record.”
“I had some schnapps, not a lot, just enough to take the edge off,” she said quietly and looked down, her hands shook in her lap. “I don’t remember anything after that. I woke up in his bedroom. I’m sure nothing happened to me, but I’m not willing to put myself in that situation again.”
“Why didn’t you come to me? We could have had you tested for the drugs,” he said in annoyance. “We could have gotten him for attempted rape at least, Lindsay!”
She got mad then. Sheriff Wilson was more concerned with catching Cam than her almost getting raped. Lindsay stood and eyed him with anger in her gaze.
“I’m done! No wires! You’re on your own, you and Dan. I already put myself out there enough and look what almost happened to me? Now you tell me you can’t even keep him in jail!”
Sheriff Wilson sighed and stood as well. 
“I’m sorry, Lindsay, about what almost happened to you. I didn’t ask you to go out with him, just tutor him for Christ’s sake! Consider what I asked? He’s gonna be mad at both you and Marnie when he’s arrested and we hit him with what we have. There’s a chance he might be too mad to watch what he says.”
Lindsay shook her head. “I’m done. I even dragged Marnie into this now. What if something happens to her? Can you guarantee our safety?” At his resigned look she gave a bitter laugh. “You had me do all of this thinking Cameron would be stupid enough to confess? He’s smart, even if he is failing half his courses! He knows you don’t have anything on him that can stand up in court!”
“We have the ring,” the Sheriff replied and glared at her, realizing she was right.
“The ring I stole from him only proves I’m a thief now too, and you know it!” she cried and felt tears threaten. “He’s gonna get away with killing Jace. I hope you realize he’s planning on going to Georgia Tech next year. Now I have to look over my shoulder when I leave here.”
“Lindsay, just be patient. I know I’m asking a lot of you, but we need you to wear a wire. If he confesses, all this stuff we got will convict him. Without it, we got him for grand theft. He would get probation more than likely and it would delay him starting school, but he would show up in Georgia eventually. You have to help us whether you like it or not.”  
“Leave Marnie out of this,” Lindsay snapped and kept her voice lowered. “I don’t altogether trust her not to get scared and tip him off we came here. Don’t ask her to wear one, she won’t.”
“Lindsay, if we don’t get him to trip himself up he walks.”
She looked ready to cry. “He’ll get away with ruining all these lives and there isn’t anything we can do.”
“Wear the wire,” he said fiercely. “You got more courage than I thought by going out with the guy. This is just a microphone under your blouse. You push him to say one incriminating thing and we have him.”
Lindsay wiped her stinging eyes and nodded. “I’m doing it for Jace, not for anyone else! He deserves for me to make every effort to help catch his killer.”
“Lindsay, if there was any other way I wouldn’t ask you. I can’t trust Marnie.”
She knew he meant what he said and nodded. “I know, but I didn’t know he’d walk out of here free when I agreed to spy on him either. You let me think that to get me to help you.”
“As I recall, you didn’t think he was guilty then. You defended him like Miss Slade did.”
Lindsay realized he was right. At the time, she refused to think she needed to be wary or that there was anything to the sheriff’s beliefs. Now she knew and felt terror run down her spine to think of being alone with Cam to get him to talk.
“I went to school with these kids since I was in kindergarten,” Lindsay said harshly. “Forgive me if I gave Cam the benefit of the doubt. I didn’t see this side to him.”
“He’s a psychopath, Lindsay. Make no mistake; he enjoyed what he did to Jace. I’ve seen it before. You take no chances with your safety. Confront him in a public place where you’re both visible but no one can hear your conversation,” the sheriff instructed softly. “Tomorrow I’ll come to your mom’s place and fit you with the wire, show you how to use it.”
“I don’t want her to know about any of this,” Lindsay warned. “She wouldn’t let me near Cam if she did.”
“Don’t tell Marnie either. Something tells me she’s not on our side all the way.”
“She thinks Cam is going to rush in and claim the baby and take care of her,” Lindsay said in disgust. “She only came because she doesn’t want to be charged for lying to you.”
“I’ll call before I come. Dan is heading out about noon to help Bob at the crime scene.”
Lindsay turned to leave and felt her heart clench to think of anything going wrong. She went out in the lobby and Marnie was gone. She wasn’t surprised the girl bolted. She suspected Marnie would say whatever she could to stay in good with Cam and cover herself with the police.
She drove back home and was relieved Sara was at school and her mom was at work. There was a message from the school guidance department asking her to call. She knew what it was. They wanted a tutor for Cam. Well, they could forget it. She wasn’t about to step one foot back into that house. The red button flashed and she hit delete. 
Lindsay went to her room and lay down, emotionally drained from her conversation with Marnie and Sheriff Wilson. It was all too much for her. Right now she and Jace should be enjoying the last few months before college. None of it was right. He was dead and his killer walked around free. Anger burned inside her with an intensity that frightened her to think of what she’d do to catch Cameron.
Chapter Ten
Jace was laying down when he heard Daphne crying. He tried to ignore it as long as he could. He got up off the couch and went to Merrick’s spare room. He pushed open the door and swore under his breath. 
Daphne was sitting up against the headboard wearing panties and a black tank top. Her round, perfect chest made him gnash his teeth and look away. Her husband had to be a complete idiot! The woman was gorgeous. He avoided looking at her amazing legs as he came to sit at the edge of the bed.
“Hey, it’s going to be alright,” he said and reached out to brush the tears from her cheek.
“I want my son, Jace,” she whispered in an anguished voice and began to sob brokenly.
“He’s safe with people who will care for him, Daphne. I know you miss him, but you have to try and concentrate on that.”
“I’m so mad! I remembered some more. I saw a car circling the diner. I knew the car because I saw it outside our apartment before. It was Aaron’s boss!” she told him and cried harder. “He worked at an advertising agency and his boss was the one he cheated with. I told him if he didn’t quit working for her; I was leaving him. He was looking for another job.”
“You think the boss had you killed?”
“She did it, Jace,” Daphne said with a bleak look in her eyes. “She walked up behind me when I was looking for my car keys and she shot me. I saw her standing over me before everything went dark. She didn’t care I wasn’t ever going to see my son again. She wanted that worthless snake of a husband of mine! I would have given him to her to stay with my son.”
“I know, it’s ok Daphne,” Jace replied and brought her to his chest, hugging her and feeling her tremble in the horror of her own murder. He smoothed her hair and held her, realizing it was the last thing he should be doing. This attraction he had for her was bizarre given they were both dead.
“I’m so sorry for crying all over you,” she apologized as she pulled away from him and sat forward, burying her face in her hands, rocking back and forth. “She did it on her own because I was making him quit his job.”
“How do you know?” he asked quietly, his brown eyes meeting her tortured blue ones.
“I don’t know how I know, I just did when I looked up at her,” Daphne recalled and shivered from the memory. “She loved him. She thought if she killed me everything would go back as it was with them.”
“Does it help to know?” Jace asked, hoping it did. He still had no clue why Cameron killed him and suffered with it.
Daphne wiped her tears and smiled sadly. “You know, it does. I understand why now. It didn’t have anything to do with me. She didn’t even know me. She just wanted him.”
“Guess she got her way.”
Daphne shook her head at his words. “No, Aaron slept his way into getting that job but he broke it off with her when I found out about them. I think he used me as the excuse to break off with her. He was seeing someone else when this happened. I found her number in his phone. It was a new woman he was seeing by this time.”
“Your husband sounds like a real jerk,” Jace said and was glad to talk about something else and ignore his growing attraction to Daphne. Just sitting next to her dressed so scantily was reminding him of Merrick’s assurances they could still indulge in certain human functions he refused to think about right now.
“Yeah, but knowing he didn’t have a hand in this gives me hope for Jacob. Can you imagine losing both your parents?”
Jace looked away. Yeah, he could. He lost his ma when he was seven and his pa was never there. You could say he was an orphan when Dawn Turner died. He knew what that felt like. He was glad the baby would have a father in his life and Aaron wouldn’t get carted off to jail to pay for his wife’s murder.
“You know everything now. Just listen to Merrick and hopefully your stay here will be minimal.”
“Tell me about this girl you were going to marry,” Daphne urged. “I’d like to take my mind off all of this.”
“Lindsay? I met her in the eighth grade. I was failing science because I missed too much time at school. She tutored me. Before long she tutored me in everything. That was a hard year for me,” Jace recalled, not wanting to tell her about Evie for some reason he couldn’t explain.
“What does she look like?”
“Lindsay is beautiful and doesn’t even know it yet,” he said wistfully and smiled. “She has big blue eyes and a sweet smile. She’s short but she makes up for it in attitude, trust me. She has blonde hair and it’s naturally wavy. She never leaves it alone though. She’s always coloring it or cutting it. I told her to just leave it alone. When I was thirteen; I fell in love with her at first sight.”
“She sounds like a good girl.”
“She is,” Jace assured her, “and smart too. She wants to be a doctor one day. She picked out the college we were going to. I think she planned our whole life for us. I would have gone along with anything she wanted as much as I loved her.”
“Wait, she picked the college you two were going to?” Daphne asked and frowned. “You didn’t have anything to say about it?”
“I got a full ride from a scholarship funded by our town. I could have gone anywhere and trust me, I had offers from every school in the country.”
“Where would you have wanted to go?” Daphne persisted.
Jace had never given it much thought. Lindsay insisted Georgia Tech was ideal for them both. He never even looked at any of the others. He never thought about how much Lindsay decided things for them until Daphne pointed it out. He was suddenly annoyed, as if she was poking holes in the only perfect thing in his past.
“Well yeah, I had something to say about it,” he said in irritation. “I just didn’t care. I wanted to be with her. I didn’t much care for Georgia. I would have preferred Oklahoma or even Texas. She has an aunt in Savannah she’s close with. She wanted family nearby.”
Daphne nodded and he could see she was coming to her own conclusions that Lindsay ran him. It wasn’t true. He bailed on her and decided not to go for a year to get his affairs in order.
“What were you going to major in?”
“Lindsay said they had a good finance program there. She said that was my best bet.”
“That’s not what I asked you, Jace,” Daphne replied. “I asked you what you wanted to be, not what she recommended you go for. Did you ever think for yourself?”
“You don’t have any right to say that!” Jace snapped and glared at her. “You act like I’m some big dumb jock who does everything my girl says! It wasn’t like that. You don’t know Lindsay. She’s smart and whatever she decided would have been fine with me.”
“That’s my point,” Daphne said sadly and shook her head. “She decided all of it for you. You were just going along for the ride. Did you even want to go to college?”
Jace thought about what he wanted to be when he grew up often and being in finance wasn’t at the top of his list. Rodeo clown was second to a fireman and somewhere on the list he wanted to be a cop. 
He always admired Sheriff Wilson. That wasn’t in the plan. Small town cops didn’t go to college and get finance degrees. They went to the police academy in Helena and worked their way up. 
Lindsay wanted out of Little Bend and somewhere down the line he realized he wanted to stay and not just because of the kids. His heart wasn’t into going away to a school in Georgia, never had been. He realized it now with Daphne’s clever probing. All along he was doing what Lindsay wanted.
“I wanted to stay in Little Bend near the end. She wanted to get out as long as I knew her,” Jace explained. “She wanted to be a doctor. I would have gone had my dad not been a mess. My brother is only ten and my sister is fourteen. They needed me at home. She assured me the state would find them a nice couple to take care of them so I could go to school. I couldn’t leave them. I told her no. The ring was so she would wait for me. At first she wanted to break up if I didn’t go with her.”
“Ok, now here’s the thing I have a problem with,” Daphne said and ignored his glare. “She knew about your family situation and still expected you to leave with her? Then, when you do the right thing; she threatens to break up with you? Where do you guys find these chicks?”
Jace was mad he even told her. “You don’t even know her!”
“I don’t have to know her to see she was a selfish little bitch who only cared about what she wanted,” Daphne stated with shrug. “Who would expect their boyfriend to watch his brother and sister get put in foster care and be alright with that? Come on, that’s family. Sounds like she wanted out and she didn’t consider you at all.” 
“She had it rough this last year,” Jace told her angrily. “Her parents split up and everything she knew went out the window.”
“Give me a break, sounds like Princess Lindsay got a rude look at reality,” Daphne snapped. “I’m sorry, but if it had been me I would have stayed. I would have gone to a local school to be with my boyfriend and stick by him. If she’s as smart as you say; what difference did it make where she went to school?”
Jace didn’t know how to answer it without making Lindsay sound worse to Daphne. He was angry she seemed to twist everything to make Lindsay look like a controlling, selfish girlfriend who only thought of herself. Lindsay was not as severe as all that. Sure she made some tough ultimatums the night before he died. 
It was the reason he bought the ring. He was going to propose so she wouldn’t break up with him. Hadn’t she already done that? She knew he couldn’t leave. Not him, maybe some other guy, but not him. Yet she forced him to act like that other guy knowing he couldn’t do it.
He was confused now, seeing for the first time Lindsay had to have known he couldn’t just leave. It wasn’t who he was. She knew him better than anybody. He didn’t like the train of his thoughts now or the smug look on Daphne’s face to have pointed it out to him.
“I didn’t say that to hurt you or ruin your perfect image of her and what you had,” she explained in a consoling voice, her blue eyes meeting his in understanding. “I just wanted to know who you are, Jace Turner, who you really are.”
“I’m dead, by the way, so what does any of this matter?” he fumed and tossed her an angry look.
“Because it looks like we’re going to be working together for a while,” she said and smiled, displaying a perfect set of teeth. “Given we get chased by hideous creatures and these Deadheads, I just thought we might want to keep it real, even if we’re dead.”
“That’s fair, I get it, just don’t put her down to me,” Jace warned, his brown eyes sad. “She was the best thing in my whole rotten life. Every guy in school had a crush on her and she loved me! She didn’t care if I was dirt poor. You don’t get it. When you were playing with Barbie dolls; I was changing diapers and taking care of my four year-old sister and a baby. That was my reality at seven, lady. I deserved the dream I had with Lindsay.”
“You wake up from dreams, Jace. They aren’t real,” Daphne said softly.
Jace eyed her in anger and stomped out of her room, so angry he wanted to break something. He went to the fire escape and got his temper under control. What did this Newbie think in showing how flawed and one-sided his relationship was? He didn’t want to hear it, but he knew Daphne spoke the truth.
Everything he had with Lindsay was driven by her and he went with it, never stressing his own wants and needs until his brother and sister’s situation forced the issue. Instead of staying local she threatened to break up with him. It hurt, knowing she wanted her future more than theirs and it was obvious to a stranger, no less. 
Maybe he would have figured that out if he’d lived. What good did it do now that he was dead? It didn’t change the fact his killer still walked free and Lindsay was at risk. What about Marnie and the baby? He might even have a kid coming now. Dougie and Sara were alone. Nothing changed that. Death never felt so utterly final until Daphne pointed it out to him how very imperfect his future was had he lived.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay couldn’t sleep. She tossed and turned. Her dreams were of Jace and finally she got up. She turned on the TV and watched reruns of shows she never watched when they were new. Still, sleep escaped her. 
The feeling of missing him, having erred so badly in forcing him to choose between his family and her, all of it, kept her awake. To know he spent the last months of his life in torment while she was ecstatic of their future together made her feel riddled with guilt.
“Honey, what are you doing up?” Deborah said as she walked out of her bedroom in her bathrobe.
“I couldn’t sleep.”
Deborah nodded and yawned. “Me either. I have to ask you something. I’ve been seeing Jack for only a few weeks and he made a suggestion that could solve all of our problems.”
“What’s going on?”
“He asked me and Sara to move in with him,” Deborah said and saw her daughter’s eyes widen. “It’s a trial period. We see if it works.”
“Mom, you’ve dated him three weeks and you’re talking about moving in?” Lindsay asked in shock. “You hardly know him.”
Deborah looked mad now. “I don’t need to know him ten years to know this is what I want, Lindsay. Jack gets me, unlike your father, who never did. Besides, the kids would be under the same roof again.”
“Why are you rushing into this?” Lindsay demanded. “Don’t do it for the kids. Is it because the divorce is final soon?”
“I know my own mind, Lindsay. Jack is what we used to call a ‘keeper’ in my day. You don’t let them get away.”
“But it’s only been three weeks, Mom! You’re acting like dad now!”
“No, your dad had twenty-three years to be a selfish jerk,” her mother fired back. “I recall you telling me to get off my ass and do something with my life. I’m signing up for some classes and this is what I’m doing. You could be happy for me.”
Lindsay snapped the TV off, lowering her voice, realizing Sara was sleeping. “Mom, don’t you think moving in with Jack is kind of sudden? What if the kids get attached and it doesn’t work out? They’ve been through enough.”
Deborah sighed and shook her head. “Lindsay if I sit here and ‘what-iffed’ this thing all day I would feel the same about Jack. I don’t think you realize my marriage was over years ago. We kept up a pretense for you and your brother, but it was over long before he met Margene.”
“I’m sorry but it’s a little irresponsible of you to consider moving in with a guy you’ve known three weeks!”
“You told me you knew you would marry Jace the day you met him, Lindsay,” her mom reminded her, “or is that feeling only reserved for you and Jace?”
“Mom, it’s not the same thing!”
“You know when you know, honey,” she countered and shook her head. “Jack and I aren’t running out and getting married next week. We’re going to give it a while, see if it’s what we both want. We talked about it. If it doesn’t work we remain friends and the kids come first. How does anyone lose in this?”
Lindsay could find no argument. “What about the apartment? What about your job?”
“I think we both know this place had strings attached,” Deborah informed her and chuckled. “Mr. Merriman wanted a shoulder to cry on. He also got off cheap by not having to pay me.”
“When do you make the move?”
“Considering Merriman is not too happy I’m dating Jack, this is going to happen pretty quickly.”
“I see, and where do I go now?”
“He offered my shift to you for the same deal.”
Lindsay glared at her mother as she realized she was stuck with the deal. “So, I have to work for him to continue to live here?”
“Honey, you really need to do something with yourself. All you do is brood over Jace. A job will keep you busy and you’ll have your own place. I think it’s perfect. Either that or you move in with your dad and Margene.”
“I’ll take the job,” Lindsay said sourly.
She smiled and Lindsay could see her mother didn’t feel at all bad for abandoning her. She could say nothing. Every kid she knew in school held a job at some point in their four years of high school. Lindsay never had to work. 
She was suddenly ashamed of how rough she thought she had it. Jace scrambled to work as many hours as he could, go to school, football practice, and took care of Dougie and Sara, and still had time for her. All she did was gripe about how little time he spent with her then. It was becoming a regular thing for her to see how self-centered she’d been.
“If you’re happy about this, then I’m happy for you, Mom.”
Deborah beamed and there was little doubt she was happy. “I just didn’t want you to feel like I was running out on you, Lindsay. Being on your own this summer might be just what you need.”
Now that she mentioned it, the thought of having the apartment wasn’t a bad idea. Working at Merriman’s for room and board stunk, but it was better than living with her dad and Margene.
“I have no issues with working for room and board but how am I going to eat, Mother?”
“I’ll give you the money your dad gives me monthly until you leave.”
Lindsay felt trapped into agreeing. “Fine, I’ll do it.”
“I’ll tell him tomorrow,” Deborah said and kissed her goodnight and went back to bed.
Lindsay knew she could hardly complain. A job working a measly thirty hours a week for a two bedroom apartment was a deal. Five hundred a month for her food and other expenses was more than adequate to see her through the summer. The thought of working in the grocery store as a cashier made her cringe, but it was a job. It was good enough for her mother the last year. It was good enough for her for the summer. 
~ ~ ~
Jace could hardly forget his argument with Daphne hours later. He paced as he waited for Merrick to get back. He couldn’t stop dwelling on what she said. Was it true? Would he have realized everything Lindsay wanted for them wasn’t what he wanted at all? Would it have ruined their relationship? 
He didn’t like the way he felt to know an outsider read the situation better than him and he’d been in it. The night he refused to go to Georgia, he put his foot down. He meant what he said. If she couldn’t wait for him it was over. It took six months and Marnie’s situation to tell him he couldn’t leave. He dragged his feet because deep down he knew it would change everything between them.
He died before he found that out for himself. Lindsay would have never been happy to stay in Little Bend and go to a local college. She was determined to go to Georgia Tech even when she could have gotten into better schools closer to home. It was her dream, not his. He knew that now. He started to see that and balked at it. Everything began to unravel from there.
Had he lived she would have left. They would have seen each other when she had breaks from school and the summers. Sooner or later she would have stopped coming home or met someone else. Girls like Lindsay never went without a boyfriend. 
Wasn’t that why he used half his savings to buy her a ring? He knew now it was because he didn’t think she would wait if they weren’t engaged. He didn’t plan to ask for the right reasons. Yes, he loved her and always had, but they were too young to get married. It was his last ditch effort to hold onto her, knowing he would lose her anyway.
Daphne pointed it out and he was furious with her for it. What did she know? He didn’t want to dwell on the past. It was the future he was worried about. That didn’t change just because he realized their relationship was doomed now. 
He had to get back and make sure Lindsay was safe and the kids were taken care of. Cameron was running loose too. A small part of him wondered if he had a child to see born with a fleeting hope.
It was wrong to hope Marnie’s baby was his just to keep some part of him alive, selfish in a way he never was before. Here in Oblivion he had only himself to look after and the others. He was seeing how little thought he gave to his own needs. Besides football, he had no hobbies. He was restless and bored with so little to do when they weren’t training. 
For the first time in his short life, he wondered if everything happened for a reason or it wasn’t just rotten luck. Did he have to die to figure out what he really wanted when it was too late to do anything about it now?
“Jace, is that you?” Daphne called from the guest room in a worried tone.
“Yeah, I’m just waiting for Merrick.”
“Can you come here a minute?”
Jace didn’t want to be anywhere by the hot redhead who put his whole life into perspective in one sentence. He was angry and wanted to rail at life’s injustices. Taking it out on Daphne wasn’t happening. She only stated the obvious. He was just angry she was right.
“What is it?” he asked as he went to the room. She stood at the window. He was thankful she put her pants on. She had her back to him. 
“You’re mad at me,” she stated and didn’t turn. “I have a bad habit of saying what’s on my mind and being blunt. You get that way being a waitress all your life. People are always telling you their problems.”
“No, you would make a great therapist or a shrink. You were right, about everything. It doesn’t help to know the life I lost wasn’t one I was living for myself anyway.”
Daphne turned and smiled sadly. “Yeah, I feel that way too. I loved my son, but I kept feeling like I cheated him out of having a better life when I got pregnant by Aaron. I knew by then he would be a rotten father and a crummy husband. It was too late.”
“We both learned something new today,” Jace said and smiled. “It’s becoming a habit and I’ve only known you seven hours. A good thing I wasn’t a regular at your diner.”
“I’m going back to check on my son,” she said and he could see nothing would deter her. “I just want to know Jacob is safe and happy with my parents and his father isn’t blamed for my death.”
“I’m going back to check on Lindsay and my family,” Jace replied and his brown eyes filled with admiration. “I’d rather spend eternity wandering there than the next fifty here chasing Deadheads.”
“Jace, I don’t think this is the message we’re supposed to take from this place, but I can’t get passed my baby.”
“I can’t get over my girl and my family. You don’t need to tell me. I can’t pretend that I’m happy to realize I was doing everything Lindsay wanted, but that isn’t her fault, it’s mine. Had I been confidant I wouldn’t lose her; I might have taken those risks.”
Daphne grinned. “I never thought I’d ask this; but how do you haunt a house?”
“We don’t have a manual here in Oblivion, but it can’t be too hard.”
“When do we leave?”
“What do you mean ‘we’?” Jace asked.
“I thought we could leave together and meet back,” she ventured softly. “You’re coming back, right?”
“We can’t leave the door open. That’s why they forbid it.”
“Why can’t we close the door for one another? The buddy system?”
Jace grinned. “I knew you had more skills than just being a waitress. How much time do you think we would need?”
“How about two weeks?”
Jace realized what they were doing would land them in deep trouble with Raymond but he didn’t care. He had a murderer to catch and his girlfriend and the kids needed him. Even if he got tossed to the demons upon his return, it was worth it to see Cameron Chase get his.
“That’s enough time to say goodbye and set things to rights.”  
 “That’s all I mean to do and I’m going first,” she assured him with a glint in her blue eyes.
 “You just want to make sure I come back,” he accused and smiled.
“Yeah that too, but I don’t want to haunt Aaron forever, just two weeks to see if he had anything to do with this.”
  They regarded one another with mutual relief. For now they both had secrets from the group. Jace would do what he promised Merrick and fulfill their expectations of him, but he would protect his own from Cameron. He couldn’t allow the chips to fall where they may. Too much depended upon Lindsay following through with her plans. His brother and sister’s futures also weighed heavily upon him too.
Despite the twinges of uncertainty that he and Lindsay wouldn’t have lasted that year of separation, he still loved her as much as when he was alive. Hope didn’t die with him they would have worked all those problems out had he lived. 
 Despite Daphne pointing out the flaws in their perfect love, it certainly did not lessen his feelings of loss and anger to be denied a life with Lindsay.
Thinking about her now made life in Oblivion bearable. Lindsay was like that white light he failed to see upon his arrival, leading him back to her side. Two weeks didn’t seem like enough time to set matters to right. It didn’t seem fair. To stay any longer would be foolish and make leaving them all harder. He would go back to make sure the ones he loved were back on track, nothing more. 
Jace’s brown eyes grew cold to think of Cameron. The friend he was betrayed by so cruelly would think he got away with his murder. He could only imagine how Cam covered it up that day. He knew no one would ever believe he did it. The face Cameron showed to the world was a far cry from the savage one filled with rage that stabbed him to death upon the ground next to his truck.   
What troubled Jace the most was why Cameron did it? He was second choice for the football scholarship. His best friend knew it was his when he found out Jace wasn’t going with Lindsay. 
Cameron set up his sleeping with Marnie over the holidays as a favor, assuring him he was fine with it. Jealousy didn’t factor into his actions at all. It didn’t make sense. If it wasn’t the scholarship or Marnie; why did he kill him? 
Why did it matter to him so much to know? He was dead by Cameron’s hand, no matter the reasons. He wanted to know what was worth killing him for. It burned within him. 
He didn’t buy Merrick’s assessment it was a thrill-kill thing for Cameron. The killing was done out of rage, pure unadulterated rage. The flashes of the attack left him shaken and filled with fear for anyone who crossed paths with his killer. He remembered more of that day in fragments that made him cringe in remembrance. 
Jace just got done showing Cameron the ring, telling him his plans when his friend asked that he pull over. Cameron seemed surprised he was asking Lindsay to marry him. He remained strangely quiet after that. 
Jace just leaned over to put the ring back in the glove box when the first blow fell from behind through the window of his truck. The knife had been driven into his neck, severing his jugular. He gasped and stared in horror and surprise as Cameron stood outside the window with the bloody knife. His blue eyes were cold and flat, devoid of emotion.
Jace fell against the door, holding his neck where blood poured from the wound when Cameron yanked open the truck door and let him fall to the ground. He was helpless as the knife descended again and again into his writhing body, until he knew nothing but blackness and the pain and horror were gone. 
Cameron deserved to get his now, despite Merrick’s talk of Karma and the law of averages bad people met a bad end. He always believed in what went around came around. For the first time in his life and death, he wasn’t content to let it come out in the wash. No, the boy who cost him everything would pay before it was all over.
Chapter Eleven
Lindsay managed to avoid Cameron another couple days. He caught her leaving her apartment, pulling up behind the station wagon and blocking her from backing out. Fear hammered in her chest as she saw him get out of the black Mustang and approach the car window. He was smiling, despite his loathsome actions towards her. The urge to run him over was strong when he came up behind the car.
“Hey stranger,” he said pleasantly, a question in his blue eyes. He sounded friendly but his eyes held a glimmer of anger in them. “I heard you were sick. You don’t look sick.”
Lindsay looked at him in stunned silence for about a full minute; unable to understand how he could act like nothing ever happened. 
“Are you for real, Cameron? Are you really going to pretend you didn’t put something in the schnapps? I didn’t drink enough to get that wasted!”
He grinned and raised an eyebrow. “I thought you needed a little help loosening up, Lindsay. Come on, I didn’t do anything to you. I got an eyeful, but that’s it.”
She resisted the urge to scream for help, her fear coursing through her in waves at his casual dismissal of drugging her. The thought of his seeing her unclothed that night made her feel bile rise in the back of her throat.
“Get away from my car, Cameron,” she said coldly and eyed him like an insect. “Maybe some girls around here don’t mind being date-raped by you, but I have a real problem with it. You’re lucky you didn’t do more than look. I certainly won’t put myself in that position again.”
“We both know before Jace died you were dying to get laid,” he said smugly and rolled his eyes. “I was just helping it along.”
“Help yourself away from my car if you know what’s good for you!” she snapped and was infuriated by his laughing at her.
“Really Lindsay, the way you horde that pretty little body of yours makes me wonder if somebody didn’t do Jace a favor by putting him out of his misery.”
It was all she could do to keep from going off, her anger out of control now. He was baiting her and she knew it. She calmed herself with remarkable ease and glared at him, revving her engine.
“Unless you want a piece of me imbedded in the side of that car; I suggest you move it,” she warned threateningly and the station wagon jerked backward before she slammed on the brake. “Stay away from me Cameron. You come near me again; I go to the sheriff and tell him how you score so many girls around here. They might stay quiet, but I won’t.”
He looked angry now, his eyes filled with fury. “Yeah, I heard you already talked to the cops. What did you tell them, Lindsay?”
She could see he knew something. When Sheriff Wilson came over to fit her for the wire he warned her things would happen very fast now. Cameron would be arrested and make bail as soon as his fancy lawyer was called from Helena. Obviously this was the reason for his visit today. She was glad she wore the wire just to get used to it, even if she was only going to meet her dad for lunch.  
“The truth; that you’re a total psycho who drugs girls to get them into bed and kills their boyfriends, you sick miserable piece of shit!”
That seemed to awaken the sleeping demon within Cameron. His eyes filled with rage, darkening and growing frightening. She knew real fear then. They were behind Merriman’s grocery store with no witnesses about. She was warned to get him in public for her own safety. His baiting her and her fear had made her speak rashly.
“I think Jace’s death must have caused a breakdown, Lindsay,” he said smoothly despite his obvious anger. “I didn’t kill him.”
“It must be hard to know you killed Jace and got the scholarship that was his,” she taunted with a smile. “All that work and we both know you aren’t even smart enough to take the SAT and use it.”
“Shut up!” he said harshly and bore down on her, forcing her back inside the car; his face filling the open window. “I got a new tutor! One that’s better than you! I’ll pass, no thanks to you.”
“I found the ring, Cameron. I know you took it from Jace the day you killed him,” she continued, seeing him unravel before her eyes. He was shaking and livid now. “I went to the cops and I hope you fry for what you did to him!”
“They can’t prove anything!” he snapped and smiled coldly, his hand reaching out to touch her. She shrank back from him.
“Keep thinking that, Cameron. I plan on being at your execution,” she jeered and laughed as she saw him stiffen and his face flushed almost beet red. “You think you got away with it, but they know it was you!”
“Like I said, Lindsay,” he informed her through clenched teeth. “I’d like to see them prove it. My lawyer says I’m going to beat this. I’ll see you in Georgia, baby. You’ll pay for going to the police; you and Marnie.”
“You leave her alone!” Lindsay cried and slapped him away from her car window, her eyes wide with fright. “She didn’t tell them anything they didn’t already know, Cam! You set yourself up when you stole the ring.”
Cameron stood back and folded his arms across his chest and looked unimpressed.
 “Oh come on, since when do you stick up for Marnie? The little whore sold you down the river and told me you forced her to go to the cops. My lawyer tells me I can beat that. All I have to say is Jace gave it to me to hold onto for him and I forgot about it. It proves nothing, Lindsay. If I were you; I’d be careful about throwing accusations around.”
“You don’t scare me, Cameron,” she said harshly, tears in her eyes. “You don’t have the element of surprise anymore like you did with Jace. I see you coming.”
“Actually you won’t see it coming at all, Lindsay,” he warned her coldly. “I heard your ma is moving in with Miller and you’re going to be all alone here. Just think, one night you come home I might be up there waiting for you, babe.”
Revulsion shone in her gaze. “Are you threatening me, Cam? Not a good idea now that you’re being charged for killing Jace. If I were you, I wouldn’t make promises you can’t keep.”
He looked really mad then, but he still hadn’t admitted to killing Jace. She just needed to push him harder to get him to confess. 
“It must be hard being second best to Jace all your life, Cam. Even Marnie said Jace was better in bed his first time than you ever were.”
Cameron’s face looked white with fury and he reached for her then, his hands clawing at her and trying to yank her out of the car window, his hands digging into her arm. She kicked at him and dragged herself into the passenger seat to get away.
“You snotty little bitch! You’re gonna pay for this!” he snarled and came in the window after her.
She was out the door before he realized it. She kept the car between them.
“You better kill me, Cameron, because if I find you waiting for me one night, you aren’t leaving my apartment alive.”
He punched the top of the car and glared at her. 
“Why did you have to go and screw things up, Lindsay? You couldn’t leave it alone, could you? No, you went snooping around my room and had to go run to the police. When I get out of this, and I will, I won’t forget this.”
“I’m going to make sure you burn for what you did to Jace, Cameron,” she flung and enjoyed the uneasy look in his eyes.
“We both know he couldn’t make you happy. He’s a Turner! You would marry trash like that? It would have all been perfect if you hadn’t found that ring, Lindsay. Watch your back, babe. I have something you don’t. I got friends. When I put the word out you fingered me to the cops; you won’t have a peaceful moment in this town.”
“Anything happens to me or Marnie and it all points to you, Cameron,” she snarled and laughed at him with courage she was far from feeling. 
He shrugged. “Like I said; they got nothing on me. They can’t convict me, Lindsay. Your little detective mission failed.”
Lindsay watched him walk away, heart beating frantically in fear as she watched him get in his car and peel out of the parking lot. She bit her lip and tears filled her gaze, blinding her to hear him practically brag about how he would get away with killing Jace. 
Lindsay trembled as she got back into the car. She was going to Sheriff Wilson with what was captured from the wire. She wanted this over. She did it for Jace, but she was scared witless now.
His threats to come after her were very real. Marnie telling him they went to the police was stupid, but she reasoned Cam scared her too, enough to tell everything. She felt anger to know Marnie was so weak when it came to Cam. 
She still thought he would come through for her, after everything. She pulled into the Sheriff’s department and nearly ran inside. Bob was behind the counter. He looked at her in concern.
“You ok, Lindsay?” the cop asked in concern, seeing her panicked expression.
“I need to talk to Sheriff Wilson,” she said in a rush.
“Hold on, let me see if he’s off the phone,” the deputy said and left her to stand in the lobby.
Sheriff Wilson arrived and looked grave as he ushered her to his office. She waited until the door was shut to yank the wire from under her tank top and hoodie.
“Get this off of me!” she cried and tears coursed down her cheeks. “Cam just came to my apartment and threatened me and Marnie. He knows we told. It’s all on the recorder.”
“Did he confess, Lindsay?” the Sheriff asked urgently as he came forward to help her remove the wire.
“More or less,” she said and grimaced as the tape was removed from her back. “He didn’t deny it. He made threats against me and Marnie too. It’s all on there.”
Sheriff Wilson looked relieved. “Alright, let’s see what you got.”
Lindsay and the Sheriff listened to the conversation three times before he shut off the recorder, frowning.
“He didn’t confess to it, Lindsay,” he said wearily and rubbed his eyebrows. “He’s smart. He knows unless he states quite clearly he killed Jace; we can’t use this. He made serious threats to you; that’s all. I can charge him for that and get Dan to patrol the lot, but I can’t get the prosecutor to admit this as evidence in the case.”
“He said he put Jace out of his misery! How can that not be a confession?”
“He implied someone did, but he didn’t admit to it.”
“I don’t believe this!” she snapped angrily as she stood up from her seat. “I put myself out on the line for you so you could get Cameron, and now you tell me it was all for nothing? He’s after me now! Thanks a lot! When he kills me I hope he uses the right wording when he confesses to it!”
“Lindsay, he’s guilty as sin and we both know it, but I can’t use that tape unless he says the words! It’s the law! I’m sorry, but that’s the way it is,” he said angrily and stood, his grey eyes meeting hers with a solemn look in them. “We’ll do everything we can to protect you until you leave for school, Lindsay. He’s going to be tied up in court. He can’t go anywhere for a while.”    
“Yeah, but he’s planning on making every minute I’m here miserable and we both know he can. You can’t protect me!”
“Lindsay, you need to keep wearing the wire. Sooner or later he’ll come back to taunt you more. He came close to admitting it. Had you pushed him harder; he would have snapped.”
“No way! I’m all done with this! I did what you asked and nearly got raped and now he’s threatening to kill me!” she stormed angrily. “I’m out of this!”
“Lindsay, he’s got months before this goes to court. A lot can and will happen. Do you want him to get away with this?”
“I want him dead!” she seethed, her eyes filled with fury. “I want him as dead as Jace! I’m sorry, but I can’t do this, even for Jace. I’m too close to this. I can’t do it.”
“Lindsay, unless we have a confession he’ll walk,” the Sheriff said wearily and regarded her sadly. “Think about that. Do you think Jace will be the last person he kills? I’ve seen it before. He’ll kill again, Lindsay. He has a taste for it now. Don’t let Jace die in vain. Think about what I said.”
She did consider every word but her terror was such she couldn’t imagine getting close enough to Cameron again to get the confession they needed. 
“He won’t approach me again. He said what he came to say. I’m a target now for every one of his friends. He won’t dare dirty his hands, not while he’s under the microscope.”
The sheriff sighed and sat back down and lit a cigarette. 
“Then you have to step it up and confront him every time you see him until you get him to break, Lindsay. I never said this would be easy. This will be the hardest thing you ever have to do in your life, but if you don’t, he’ll walk.”
“When is the hearing?” she asked tightly.
“He was arraigned this morning and made bail. His first court appearance is in June.”
Her eyes widened. “Why so far off? This is a murder.”
Sheriff Wilson looked grim. “His attorney will likely drag this out, Lindsay. That can be to our advantage. It buys us time to work him over. He thought he scared you today. Come back right at him and let him know you aren’t running away. He won’t expect it and he’ll make mistakes.”
“I’m scared,” she admitted in a small voice. “You didn’t see his face or his eyes. He killed Jace and he feels absolutely nothing.”
“Lindsay, I’ve put animals like him away for thirty years. You don’t need to tell me what a ruthless creep the kid is. Just get him on tape confessing to the murder and we have him.”
“I want protection!” she demanded and pointed to the door. “Out there I’m on my own. He didn’t make idle threats, Sheriff. He thinks he can get away with murder and he has up until now. What guarantee do I have your department will be there when he comes for me?”
“Lindsay, if I have to sit in your lot and guard you every night myself, I will. He won’t get to you. He’s got enough problems of his own right now. When they arrested him this morning they confiscated quite a bit of illegal drugs from his room. He’s up on drug charges too. Either way, he lost the scholarship. His parents might pay for an attorney, but they’ve had it with him. I don’t think I ever saw Dick Chase so mad when he dragged his son out of here.”
Lindsay had some satisfaction knowing the drug charge would stick and he would lose the LBHS scholarship. Even if he walked for killing Jace; his entry into any top-rated school for football was slim and none. For that, he would be out for blood. Hers, she thought with a chill down her spine.  
“Let’s hope he starts losing it real quick then. I can’t take much more of this,” she lamented and sighed. “Jace hasn’t been dead a month. Instead of grieving him I’m chasing his killer around.”
“Don’t you have girlfriends, Lindsay?” he asked curiously.
She laughed bitterly and shook her head. “That’s the price of dating the cutest, most popular boy in school, Sheriff. No, Jace was my only friend.”
She could see the Sheriff felt sorry for her. It was an old argument with her mother too. She hated the fact Lindsay wrapped her world around Jason Turner and didn’t run with a pack of girlfriends. When he was alive she didn’t need friends. Now that he was gone, she never felt so alone.
“It’s a shame kids have to be so spiteful. You’re going to have to make the best of it. You got four months and you’re out of here.”
“Yeah, it’s too bad Jace isn’t going with me.”
“Lindsay, the best thing you can do for Jace is to do this. It’ll help you find some sense of justice if anything. You have your whole life ahead of you now. Don’t look back when you leave here. Just keep going forward and know you did the right thing.”
She thought about that conversation on her way to Reddy’s to meet her dad, dwelled upon it when she arrived to see him texting Margene and ignoring her while she nibbled at her burger and fries. 
He was so wrapped up in his own life, he hardly touched on what happened to Jace, just mumbling how tragic it was and telling her he was sorry. 
She despised him for that as she watched him communicate with his girlfriend and not her. For the first time in years, she could understand what made her mother so miserable to live with. Bill Morgan didn’t have a thoughtful bone in his body.
She finished and pushed her plate away. “Dad, I’m going home.”
No response as he typed into his phone, nodding absently. She got up and walked out of the diner, knowing next week she wouldn’t come back to meet him. He made his choice when he chose Margene over his family. In his mind, he did his job and his role of a parent ended when she turned eighteen. Now she could understand why Lance left.
Thinking about her brother made her tense. Jace’s murder was broadcast all over the country. She suspected he was at Aunt Billie’s in Savannah and heard about Jace. Her brother adored Jace and called him his little brother when he was at home. Knowing he was Jace’s half brother had to come as a shock to him. 
She missed him badly and wished he’d come home. Her older brother wouldn’t let any of Cam’s friends torment her. Lance Morgan was about as tough as they came. No one ever messed with Lance. He got his size from Everett obviously and his orneriness.
Lance had to come home some time and deal with knowing Everett was his father. He’d been gone for months and her mother was worried sick. She privately thought her mother knew Lance was at her sister’s place and didn’t push to know how he was. If she knew Aunt Billie; she was working him over but good. He would come home eventually.
Eventually came sooner than she thought when she arrived home and saw a strange car in the lot with Georgia plates. She was tense as she went up the stairs. Her mom was packing for her and Sara and a moving truck was backed into the stairs. They moved in with Jack today and she was scared to death to be alone in the apartment after her run-in with Cameron.
She opened the door and stepped over boxes and around bins to get to the living room. She froze when she saw Lance sitting with her mother. He looked the same, but had a more mature look in his dark eyes she’d never seen. He had a tan and looked fit in the jeans and a sport shirt. With a squeal of surprise she ran and launched herself into his arms, hugging him with joy.
“Oh God, we were so worried about you, Lance,” she breathed as she drew back, looking up at him reproachfully. “You could have called me.”
Now that she knew he was Everett Turner’s son she could see the resemblance. He was tall like Jace and had the same dark hair and eyes. He was handsome and had the same brooding look Jace often wore in repose. She knew he wasn’t aware she knew why he left. She would wait for him to confide in her. They’d always been close.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here for you, Linds,” he said gruffly and smiled sadly down at her. “It’s been rough for you.”
She felt tears form and wiped them away. “Yeah, it’s been pretty bad, Lance.”
“They catch the guy yet?” he asked coldly. She shivered from the look. Obviously Lance didn’t hold it against Jace they were brothers. She could see his pain and anger to know his brother was now dead.
“They arrested Cameron Chase.”
Lance looked at their mother and a look passed between them. “Mom, can I talk to Lindsay alone for a minute.”
“Yeah, I got a lot of packing to do. You two catch up,” Deborah said and looked relieved her son was home. She looked like she had been crying too.
When Deborah left the room, Lance looked down at her and his expression was stern. “Mom and I talked about it and you’re going back to Savannah with me until school starts, Lindsay.”
She looked confused and then angry. “Nobody discussed anything with me. I’m not going anywhere until Jace’s murderer is behind bars.”
Lance sighed and shook his head. “Mom told me what Jack knows and this could get ugly really fast, Lindsay. You can’t stay here by yourself now. Every kid in town buys dope from Cameron. You think they aren’t going to make your life miserable now?”
“I see news travels fast,” she commented, disgusted to know everyone in town knew she informed on Cameron.
Lance looked outraged. “Lindsay, I mean it. You’re the only sister I got. If anything happened to you, I don’t know what I’d do.”
“Nothing is going to happen!”
“Lindsay, he’s a drug dealer. Do you think he doesn’t have friends that could make your life Hell?”
“Losing Jace was Hell! I can stand this for a couple more months,” she argued, determined to stay.
“No, you’re not. When I leave; you leave with me. Mom agreed. It’s not safe for you here anymore.”    
“When are you leaving?” she asked curiously, not that she planned to go with him.
“A couple months, no more,” he replied and glared down at her. “I’m staying to see you walk across that stage to get your diploma and we’re out of here.”
“I’m helping the police. I can’t leave,” she protested and saw his face fill with disapproval at her words.
“You keep that to yourself, Lindsay. It was bad enough that Mom called Aunt Billie in the middle of the night freaking out because she heard things from Jack. What were you thinking?” he demanded and shook his head. “You can’t bring him back.”
“I know that,” she replied hollowly and looked down. “I can’t let a murderer get away with it either. That’s not who I am. Jace deserves his justice.”
“Let the police get it for him, Lindsay! Jace would never want you doing this snitching for the cops!”
“I have to do it,” she insisted and looked at her brother with a forlorn look. “I owe it to Jace. I don’t expect you to understand, but I can’t move on with my life unless I do this.”
 “Lindsay, these kids in this town are going to make your life miserable,” he predicted with a fierce expression. “Cam is the drug king pin around here.”
“I didn’t realize Cam had so much pull.”
“You were too wrapped up in Jace to see it,” he told her grimly. “And right now, everybody is talking about how you and Marnie turned him in. Think about her, Lindsay. She’s even more of a sitting duck than you.”
“I didn’t twist her arm, Lance. She wanted to do the right thing.”
“The right thing could get you both hurt, Lindsay. It’s not a risk I’m willing to take. When you graduate; we leave here.”
She could see Lance made up his mind. Lance had the Turner’s stubborn streak. Once his mind was set; forget it. 
“I’ll think about it,” she said and refused to discuss it further.
Lance gave her that look that said she was an idiot. “You’ll go if I have to drag you all the way there, little sister.”
“What are you doing down there anyway?”
“I work for Uncle Ed now,” he said proudly and shrugged. “Its steady work and the money is good. I was never a brainiac like you, Lindsay. School isn’t in the cards. I barely graduated from high school.”
“Why didn’t you call?”
“We can talk about that another time,” he said and looked away. “Right now, I want your promise you’ll stay away from Cam and the guys he hangs out with. Let Wilson and Dooley do their jobs, Lindsay.”
 “Jace is dead, Lance!” she cried in outrage. “You expect me to just let them handle it?”
“It’s their job!”
“Yeah, well they let Cam walk!”
Lance made a noise and his expression was angry. “Lindsay, he’s out on bail! That means you stay away from him; get it?”
Lindsay looked mutinous and spun around and left him in the living room. She slammed into her bedroom where Sara was packing. She looked up from the box she was packing and looked sad.
“They let Cam go, didn’t they?” she asked.
“You heard?”
“You guys were yelling,” she admitted and smiled. “You sound like me and Jace used to.”
Sara looked away then. Lindsay could see the girl suffered missing her brother. She remained stoic for Dougie’s benefit, but she could see Sara was barely holding it together.
“He’s going down if I have anything to say about it.”
“Jace didn’t know about the drugs,” Sara said and looked back at her. “He would have never hung out with Cam if he’d known.”
“How is it Cam is the biggest drug dealer in Little Bend and Jace didn’t know?”
“Did you know?” Sara countered with a disgusted look that made Lindsay feel ashamed for her accusing tone.
“No, it’s news to me.”
“My brother was pretty much wrapped up in us and you, and our pa. He didn’t see it.”
“Did you know?” Lindsay asked and saw Sara’s guilty look. “Did you?”
“He sells up at the middle school; everybody knew.”
Lindsay was disgusted by this news and was eager to see Cam put out of business. She knew now that he was charged with drug possession he wouldn’t dare try to sell drugs around Little Bend. 
“If it’s the last thing I do I’m going to see him punished for what he did to Jace,” she assured Sara.
“It won’t bring my brother back.”
Lindsay felt a pang of sorrow as Sara packed. She felt a hollow ache knowing it was true. The emptiness inside her each day that passed reminded her that Jace was gone. Something beautiful and rare was taken from her. The anger and remorse would never be assuaged until Cameron Chase paid for what he did.
Chapter Twelve
Jace and Daphne stood in the lot and she smiled as she emptied the chamber at the target, not hitting it once. He rolled his eyes as he reloaded her weapon. He handed it back to her, his dark eyes teasing.
“Let’s hope you’re a better waitress than a shooter.”
She grinned as she took the weapon. “Yeah, I was a great waitress, but I can’t hit the side of a barn door with this gun.”
Jace shook his head and helped her with her stance, mindful of how she affected him. He fought his attraction to her, feeling disloyal to Lindsay. Daphne was older than him by a few years and married. He reminded himself daily to ignore her but it was tough. One couldn’t ignore Daphne. He was still a guy, even if he was dead.
“Ok, it’s all in the breathing, try again.”
She pointed the gun at the target. They were about fifty feet from it and moved up closer. She squinted as she aimed, mindful of her breathing like he taught her. She squeezed off a handful of rounds and only grazed the target.
“Alright, we’re done for now,” Jace commented and under his breath he added. “Let’s go check out that new ripple I found yesterday.”
“Do you know how to get through?” she asked.
“Merrick said it’s all a mind projection,” Jace explained and shrugged. “Just think about home; I’m thinkin’.”
“Jace, we’re going to be in big trouble when they find out.”
Jace didn’t want to think about that. He and Daphne had unfinished business back in the world. If Merrick and the others had a problem with it, so be it. He had to get back and make sure everyone he loved was alright. He couldn’t move on until then. 
Maybe that was why he was still in Oblivion. He remembered everything now. His dark eyes narrowed. He remembered every downward plunge of the knife that took his life and he even saw Cameron’s look of satisfaction as he stood over him while he bled to death from his wounds.
The one thing that escaped him was why his former best friend murdered him. It ate at him.  He would find out what Cameron had to gain with his death. It made no sense. Daphne was leaving after Merrick and the others went out on patrols tomorrow. 
He would tell them he found her gone and they would assume she ran. The homeless guy, Goose had taken off as well as the insurance agent Will. They were in denial of the danger to them in Oblivion. McNeal and Raymond didn’t go after them.
You got one chance with the group. The pair would find out the hard way they couldn’t make it without their protection. By then the demons would have them or they would fall prey to the Deadheads.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “I’ll cover you with Merrick.”
She looked relieved. “I just have to think about home as I’m walking through the ripple?”
“Yeah, and focus really hard, picture it in your mind. If what Merrick says is true, your mind will do the rest.”
“How do I get back?”
Jace grinned. “Think about me pacing outside that ripple in two weeks. That’s about it.”
She nodded and smiled, dimpling prettily. “I’d bring you a souvenir but I think I’ll be traveling light on my return trip.”
“Just come back, Daphne,” he warned. “Whatever you find; resolve it.”
“Something tells me it won’t be that easy.”
Jace knew his advice fell upon deaf ears. Daphne wanted revenge against her husband’s boss. The woman who ran the advertising agency where her husband worked would have a rude awakening very soon. Daphne planned to torment the woman.
“No matter what you find out; don’t deviate from our plan. I need to get to my family.”
“The guy who killed you will get a big surprise.”
“Cameron is going to wish he was dead when I’m done with him.”
“Natalie probably got caught,” Daphne mused, thinking of her killer and shook her head. “She was as dumb as a box of rocks. Knowing her, she probably posted killing me on Facebook as her status that night.”
Jace chuckled at her joke. “Cameron isn’t very smart either. He probably tripped himself up somewhere.”
Daphne’s smile faded suddenly. “What will happen if Raymond finds out what we’ve done?”
Jace looked grim. “I don’t know. Hopefully we won’t have to find out. Merrick will cover for us if he figures it out.”
Daphne handed him the 45. mm and glared at the target she missed by a mile. “Maybe when I come back I’ll be better at this. Right now I can’t concentrate on anything but my son.”
“Remember what I said. The living will take care of the living. He’ll be ok.”  
She nodded and looked away, her expression bleak. “And the dead will take care of the dead.”
~ ~ ~
The next day they walked in the darkness to the ripple that formed. It was a murky rolling thing, one-sided and transparent. Jace saw and heard no demons. The street was deserted. Even the Deadheads were quiet today.
Merrick said the old Mexican Jose recognized Drea and knew his days were numbered. The group was trying to keep her away from the old man before she tossed him to the demons. It was a tense group these days. They rescued more Newbies the night before and Merrick was distracted. Jace claimed he needed a break from the nightly patrols to stay behind to talk Daphne through the membrane-like opening. 
They stood in front of it now. Daphne wore a frown. She glanced at Jace with a trembling smile. 
“Well, here goes nothing.”
“Two weeks, Daphne. No matter what.”
She smiled sadly. “Two weeks. I promise.”
Jace talked to her as she stood at the opening of the ripple. She stuck her hand into it and it disappeared. She gasped and drew her hand back. 
“It’s cold.”
“Just concentrate on home as you walk through.”
“How does it close up?”
“I use my mind to will it shut,” he told her. “That’s it.”
“That sounds easy enough.”
“Just listen to my voice and keep thinking about home the whole time.”
“I’m scared Jace.”
“Merrick said it’s easy.”
“Not about that,” she confided. “What if I find out something I don’t want to know?”
Jace knew what she meant. Would it really be worth it to know? 
“You’ll come back knowing more than you do now.”
She took a deep breath and squared her shoulders as she stood in front of the ripple. 
“Yeah, you’re right. I have to know.”
She walked into the membrane and Jace watched in fascination as it swallowed her before his eyes. He concentrated on closing the ripple. It evaporated before his eyes, sealing it instantly. He sensed the demons nearby. 
They felt the breach in the lining of their world and came to investigate. He knew the next ripple would open somewhere else. He would have to find it in two weeks and wait for her. He didn’t look forward to deal with fighting them off upon her return.
Jace waited for Merrick, surprised he came back on the patrol alone. He seemed perturbed to know Daphne ran off too. The black man rolled his eyes.
“Damn Newbies,” was all he said and cooked himself another disturbing meal Jace wanted no part of. He went out to the fire escape and watched the demons loitering around the ripple Daphne disappeared through, hearing them seethe to know they couldn’t follow. He was distracted as Merrick joined him for his nightly smoke.
“Raymond finds out what you two are up to; he won’t like it,” he said as he lit up.
Jace hid his surprise. This was Merrick. He knew what they were up to. 
“She had unfinished business.”
“We all have unfinished business, kid. Don’t matter. He finds out where she really went he could kick you two out of here.”
“Will you tell him?” Jace demanded and looked angry.
Merrick chuckled and shook his head. “Nah, I ain’t no snitch. Won’t do no good to go back anyhow. Just holds ya back even more.”
“What do you mean?”
“When ya go back ya leave some trace behind and it ties ya there. That gal will find out she gonna stay here longer now.”
“Maybe it’s worth it to her to find out what she needs to know,” Jace argued back.
Merrick shrugged. “Hope so cause time is all we have down here now, that and more time.”
Jace thought about what Merrick said long after he left him to secure the warehouse for the evening. What if Merrick was right? Was going back worth the risk? He had no idea what he went back to or if he could even make a difference for those he loved. He prayed it wouldn’t prove as disastrous as Merrick’s crossing over.
Thinking about a demon getting Lindsay or his brother and sister haunted him for many days and nights of inky darkness. He went about the nightly patrols, waiting for Daphne and hoping for her safe return. It was an eventful couple of runs. They took down a fair share of demons that first couple of days. 
The Deadheads nabbed the last batch of new arrivals and they searched the outer reaches in vain for them. They were hiding them now. Merrick seemed worried about these unknown Newbie’s fates.    
“We gotta find them,” Merrick muttered one night as they gathered their arsenal and packed the van. “Raymond is ticked. The Deadheads are getting smarter the longer they’re here. It ain’t like them to evade us like this.”
“You said they were all brain dead or something,” Jace pointed out. “We’ll find where their holed up.”
“This is different. Raymond says they have a new leader now,” Merrick said and shook his head. “They’re getting organized.”
“Who’s their leader?”
“White Mohawk, remember him?”
“Yeah. What about him?” Jace asked, remembering how the man kept getting up and coming after them.
Merrick frowned darkly. “His name is Rhys. He showed up down here ten years ago. He’s smarter than the others for some reason. It wasn’t hard for him to become their leader, trust me.”
“What does this Rhys want?”
Merrick grinned. “To get rid of us, kid. Ain’t that obvious? He’s working with the demons now. They promise him he’ll get out of here if he delivers us to them.”
Jace thought of the man with the white-blond Mohawk and his pale, lifeless gaze. The other Deadheads followed him without thought or question. Combined with their lack of intelligence and desire for pain, the Deadheads were angry. They didn’t think it was fair they were sentenced to eternity here. If they managed to achieve an alliance with the demons, none of them were safe while they waited to be redeemed.
“What does Raymond say about the Deadhead leader? Has he found anything out?”
Merrick laughed and kicked back on a lawn chair. “He don’t have much to say, kid. He got his hands full with Jose right now.”
Jace thought of the man who killed Drea with a surge of anger. “How’s that going?”
“Drea confronted him. It got real ugly. He remembers her.”
Jace tensed, imagining Cameron in front of him down here. “What happened?”
Merrick raised an eyebrow and blew out smoke. “Now you know Drea by now. What you see is what you get. How do you think that went? She threatened him.”  
“I don’t get why we protect him after what he did to her.”
“I don’t make the rules, kid.”
“No, you don’t and either does Raymond!” Jace snapped and stood up, glaring. “Who died and made Raymond boss? This is a joke! The guy doesn’t deserve us protecting him.”
“Ain’t for none of us to decide, kid, which is why we don’t.”
Jace was frustrated with the answer. “You keep saying that! I don’t agree.”
“Look at it this way,” Merrick said and tossed his smoke over the side. “None of us has a right to judge another down here. I wish we could toss his ass to the demons as much as you do, but it ain’t our call, Jace.”
Jace fumed to know Merrick was right. Jose would be judged, as would the rest of them, but not by any one of them, but by a higher power he had yet to see or confirm.  In the meantime, they would have to tolerate Drea’s murderer. It galled him to know what that would feel like was Cameron to join their ranks. He prayed Drea moved on to that other place, and soon. It was tense out on patrols each night.
“Where are we going tonight?” he asked trying to change the subject.
“Raymond said he and the others are setting up shop at the edge of town. We cover this side and take down spooks.”
“Anybody hear anything about Will and Goose yet?”
“Those dumb Newbies probably got took by a demon the first night out. They didn’t believe us when we told them they’re better off with us. We tried to tell them.”
“Wait, I thought they just ran off?” Jace asked in confusion. “You let them go?”
“Don’t look at me like that, kid. I didn’t have no say in it. Raymond called the shots. He got tired of them blowing off their responsibilities and told them if they didn’t like it to leave. They did. Ain’t seen or heard from them since.”
Jace was irritated Raymond got some say in who stayed and who left. In truth, he couldn’t fault his reasoning, but he had yet to warm up to the Union officer from Civil War times. He resented his influence. Raymond would likely kick him and Daphne out of their ranks if he caught wind of what they were doing. The others would no doubt follow him.
“You tried a lot harder with me, as I recall.”
Merrick grinned. “Again, kid, you was worth my time. Ya can’t save the ones who don’t want to be saved. You’ll learn that real quick.”
“It seems pointless.”
“Yeah, well good, bad or otherwise, that’s what we got down here.”
 Jace sat outside long after Merrick went in to get cleaned up. He was in conflict with what he was planning on doing now and eager for Daphne to return to tell him about her experiences as a ghost. 
He laughed as he thought of Caspar the Friendly Ghost. Somehow he didn’t think it would be quite so light and amusing. The thought of possibly scaring Lindsay or the kids bothered him.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay finished up her shift in the grocery store and went to the back to punch out. The cashier job was easy and the customers were all known to her. Mr. Merriman wasn’t demanding. She was content to serve out the summer as a cashier for her room and board. She had enough extra money from her mother for whatever she needed.
Lance moved in with her and took her mom’s old room. He was a comfort to her these last weeks before graduation. They didn’t argue about her staying here anymore. She allowed him to think he won the argument. It was far from resolved. She got used to wearing the wire, never knowing whether Cameron or his friends would approach her at the store. By now everyone knew she worked at Merriman’s. 
The harassment was nonstop. Phone calls began in the middle of the night with warnings and insults. The tires were cut on the station wagon and somebody spray painted the words ‘narc’ all over it in neon pink paint. Lance got it off, luckily. Dead rats were left on the doorstep of the apartment. Kids came into the store and made no bones about what they thought of her, taunting her as they came through the check out. One guy even spit in her face before Merriman tossed him out.
Marnie came in one night and looked a bit surprised to see her still working there. Lindsay hadn’t seen her since they went to see the sheriff. She was still angry she threw her under the bus with Cameron, even though she understood.  The girl was dealing with the same kind of treatment. They had that much in common now.
Her hazel eyes were wary as she approached, handing her a five dollar bill. Lindsay eyed the junk food the girl bought and said nothing. It wasn’t her place to lecture her about what she ate during her pregnancy. She scanned her items and bagged them up.
“I expected to see you a couple of weeks ago,” the girl had said, looking a bit guilty to know she sold her out to Cameron. “I’m sorry, but I’m scared.” 
“Marnie, I know why you can’t get involved in this. I respect that,” Lindsay allowed under her breath, aware of other shoppers. “I just worried about you.”
She seemed surprised to think Lindsay worried about her. “He was mad but he thinks it’s all you. I didn’t correct him.”
“I don’t mind. Do what you have to do to stay safe.”
“Lindsay, if I were you, I’d be mad at me.”
“You have a baby to look out for. I understand why you said what you did. I also have my brother and my family, you don’t. I don’t blame you for looking out for yourself.”
She looked relieved. “I can tell you one thing; he’s out for your blood. Don’t ever second guess what Cam will do, Lindsay. He wants payback.”
“My brother is here until after graduation. I’m not worried about it.”
Marnie took her bagged purchases and paused before she left. “I’m glad your brother is with you right now. Tell Lance I said hello.”
Lindsay recalled a wistful expression in Marnie’s eyes when she mentioned Lance. She knew her brother had broken his share of hearts in Little Bend. He had girlfriends, but nothing meaningful or lasting. 
The suspicion the pair were more than a little acquainted was reinforced when she told Lance what Marnie said and saw him stiffen and refuse to meet her eyes. It was obvious he and Marnie had a relationship in the past, before she got with Cameron.
Lance pulled a drunken Everett Turner out of Hooligan’s twice that week and took him home to Addie Pank’s apartment. The woman now wanted her barfly boyfriend out because he didn’t have an income after losing his kids to the state.
Lindsay knew Lance worried over more than just her these days. He still hadn’t told her he knew he was Everett’s son. To her knowledge he hadn’t even seen their father. She knew Margene had to have seen him at Hooligan’s.
She let herself into the apartment.  Lance wasn’t there but he would be home soon. He was starting to annoy her with his protectiveness. She felt more than safe; she felt stifled. Graduation commencements were three weeks away. Cameron left her alone. His friends and the kids from school did his dirty work, making her miserable.
The word was out. Lindsay was being openly dubbed a narc. The kids in town learned fast Mr. Merriman wouldn’t tolerate their harassing his cashier. He ran off more than a few kids that first week she worked there. He didn’t seem to mind or blame her for being targeted by them. He didn’t ask her why they turned on her. He didn’t ask much of anything. 
Lance came home shortly after, an aggravated look on his face. “What is it?”
“I think you should sit down. You may as well hear this from me,” he said and his brown eyes filled with regret. “Margene and Dad are getting married.”
Lindsay looked stunned. True, she knew her father lost his mind over Margene, but marriage? Thoughts of how her mother would react were swiftly dismissed. Deborah and Jack were like newlyweds since they moved in together.
“The divorce isn’t final for another month,” she commented sourly.
Lance laughed sarcastically. “We have a brother or sister on the way.”
Lindsay gasped. “No way! Margene is pregnant?”
Lance looked away and tensed. “She’s nearly six months along, Lindsay. You may as well know it could be mine.”
“We have to tell Dad,” Lindsay insisted and Lance shook his head.
“No, we stay out of it. Dad is a big boy. Look what he did to Mom? He doesn’t deserve to know as far as I’m concerned. What’s he done for you since he kicked you and Mom out?”
“We moved out. He didn’t kick us out,” Lindsay replied in defense of her father.
“Whatever. He hasn’t exactly done much for you since.”
Lindsay saw the remorse in Lance’s expression. “Can you let it go?”
“I saw her when I was in Hooligan’s and she told me. I told her I didn’t want to know if it’s mine. She agreed to stay quiet.” 
“Not knowing will still make you wonder.”
“I’m not ready to be a father, Lindsay. I wasn’t serious about Margene,” he disclosed in obvious discomfort. 
“That seems to be going around,” she added sourly, thinking of Marnie’s situation.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Nothing, just forget I said anything.”
He looked incensed. “No, just spit it out. I want to know what you meant.”
“It’s not fair to keep a secret like that, Lance. It could come out one day. What about the kid? Do you think that’s fair? Besides that, I’m not real happy to know my niece or nephew could be raised as a half-brother or sister, not to mention you would deny our mother her grandchild,” Lindsay finished and looked at him sadly. “Just step up and do the right thing.”
“That won’t go over well with Dad.”
“At least he knows the truth. If he still wants to marry Margene, at least he goes into it with his eyes wide open. Marnie Slade is pregnant too. You might as well know it could be Jace’s. Trust me, I know how this feels,” Lindsay confided and looked miserable. “He died before he could do the right thing. She’s having it and isn’t sure whose it is.”
Lance looked stunned and upset. “That doesn’t sound like Jace to fool around on you.”
“It was only one time and I have to forgive the circumstances,” she said tightly and refused to explain. 
“I wouldn’t make a good father, Lindsay,” Lance argued once more.
“How do you know that?” she challenged and shook her head. “You don’t know what kind of a parent you’ll be. Just tell Dad before he makes the mistake of marrying Margene. The thought of her as my stepmother makes me sick.”
Lance laughed. “Come on, Lindsay. She’s not that bad.”
“She goes out of her way to keep Dad away from us and you say that?”
“Lindsay, we both know Dad does what he wants. Don’t make excuses for him. If he cared to see us and be in our lives, Margene wouldn’t have anything to say about it. You can’t blame her for it.”
“Be a man and do the right thing,” she advised and regarded him with compassion. “Don’t let a kid go through life not knowing who his or her real father is.”
Lance got real quiet after their talk. Lindsay thought he meant to confide in her finally and was disappointed when he didn’t. He left after that on some errand. She hoped he went to their dad and confessed to his affair with Margene. They had enough drama in their lives as it was.
She contented herself with being alone, but thoughts of Jace soon had her upset. She held it together enough to get through the day, but missing him never felt more acute when she was alone. The phone rang and she forced aside her brooding and answered it. It was her mom.
“Hi honey. Just called to see how your day was.”
“It was fine. Everything is going good. How are Dougie and Sara settling in?” she asked, unwilling to put a damper on her mother’s happiness by telling her that she was close to falling apart every second of the day.
“Good, I think this is going to work,” she said in relief. “They’re good kids. I have to say one thing; Jace did a heck of a job with them. They do what their told, no sassing, and no arguments.”
“Yeah, Jace did a good job,” she agreed with a forlorn note in her voice.
“Lindsay, if you want to come by and talk; I’m here. I know all of this is hard on you.”
“I just miss him, Mom.”
“It’ll get better; I promise you,” she was saying, but Lindsay was no longer listening. Tears coursed down her face. 
She managed to finish the conversation and said she would be by tomorrow for dinner and hung up, choking on raw sobs of anguish. She went to her room and lay down, curling onto her side to stare at the wall. Would it ever end? Each day began and ended with missing Jace so fiercely, she wondered how she could function.
She woke and the room was dark. Sitting up she glanced at the digital bedside clock, alarmed to see it was after nine in the evening. Feeling hungry, she got up and investigated the kitchen. 
Her mom stocked up the kitchen for her and Lance before she moved but she couldn’t find anything that sounded good. Settling for a peanut butter sandwich; she went outside and sat on the stairs. Lance wasn’t home and the parking lot was empty except for the station wagon. 
Lindsay hugged her knees as she waited for Lance. She knew he was rescuing Everett from Hooligan’s as he did every night since his return. He seemed to think it was his job now that Jace was gone; keeping up with Everett and seeing him home.
Relief was felt when she saw Lance’s silver sedan pull in next to the station wagon. Her brother got out and smiled up at her.
“Wanna go get a pizza?”
“Too late; I had peanut butter,” she called.
“Keep me company?”
Lindsay was nervous about going to the bowling alley, knowing it was where everyone hung out on the weekend. She reminded herself nobody would dare mess with her with Lance with her.
“Sure, I’ll just be a minute,” she said and got up. She returned inside and checked her appearance, horrified to see she was a mess. She combed her hair and put it in a ponytail and fixed her make-up. She slid on a pair of leather sandals and locked up, meeting her brother at his car. 
“I was just about to come after you,” he lamented. “I’m starving.”
“Sorry,” she apologized as she got into his car. “I took a long nap and looked horrible.”
Lance started the car and looked over at her. “I told Dad the truth.”
Lindsay eyed him in surprise. “What did he say?”
“He doesn’t believe me. He told me I was a piece of crap and no son of his.”
“I’m so sorry, Lance.”
“Why? It’s true, Lindsay. I’m not his son and he’s always known it. Everett Turner is my father. I overheard them arguing before Dad filed for divorce. He claims he’s a stand up guy for raising another man’s kid.”
“Mom told me after Jace died. Are you ok about it?”
He drove through town and said nothing for several minutes. “I wish I would have known. All those years I couldn’t get his approval and felt like he didn’t care about me, and now I know why.”
“I thought you were close to Dad,” Lindsay replied.
“Yeah, we did all that father and son stuff, but I knew it was just for show.”
“What’s going to happen now?”
“He claims he’s marrying Margene.”
“What if the baby’s yours?” Lindsay asked worriedly. 
“Did you really think she’d allow me to be a part of my kid’s life if it is mine, Lindsay? Think about it.”
“I would hope you would push the issue.”
Lance looked irritated as they pulled into the bowling alley lot. “I’m not like Jace even if we are brothers Lindsay. I just assume to let it be.”
“Lance, you’re more like him than you even realize. It took a lot of guts to face Dad with this.”
“Jace wouldn’t have slept with his father’s girlfriend out of spite,” Lance reminded her and rolled his eyes. “My little brother had too much class for that.”
“At least you aren’t running away from it anymore, Lance.”
“You might as well know I invited Marnie up to eat with us,” he said and she looked at him in surprise.
“Marnie? Why?”
“She looked like she hadn’t eaten all day, that’s why.”
“I heard they gave her the diploma now so she won’t try to walk with the class and make anyone uncomfortable,” Lindsay told him sadly. “I feel so sorry for her.”
Lance smiled. “Marnie is the last one anyone needs to feel sorry for, Lindsay. She’s a survivor. She’s leaving Little Bend.”
“Where did you run into her?”
He didn’t say anything, alerting her that he went looking for Marnie. Somehow she was surprised her brother would be interested in a girl like her. Pregnant and known to be a runaround; she was hardly girlfriend material for her brother right now. She calmed down, thinking he just meant to be nice.
“Just be nice, Lindsay. She has it rough.”
“I have been nice, Lance, maybe too nice,” Lindsay snapped then. “Considering Marnie relieved my boyfriend of his virginity for my convenience; I should thank her for it.”
“I’m not saying that was right.”
“What if the baby is Jace’s?” Lindsay asked harshly. “How do you think I’m going to feel to know she had a kid with the guy I planned to marry and spend the rest of my life with? We wanted ten kids! Don’t you get it? She’ll have what I never will; a piece of Jace.”
“All the more reason to be nice to her, Lindsay. She never had an easy life.”
“Why are you always sticking up for Marnie? What gives?”
“We dated a while back.”
Lindsay wasn’t surprised to know she was right. “Don’t tell me her baby could be yours too or I’m out of here.”
Lance scowled at her and pocketed his keys. “We never told anybody we were dating.”
“Why?”
“She said she didn’t need you and your crowd on her back.”
“Why did you two stop seeing each other?”
“I got involved with Margene,” he said and Lindsay was stunned and looked away, out the window. “You don’t know Marnie like you think you do, Lindsay.”
“Lance, she’s been running around since we were in middle school. You were just one of many.”
He looked furious. “Until last summer; I was the first and only one she ran with. Cameron got her drunk and took advantage of her after I left. She isn’t what she seems. You shouldn’t be so judgmental, Lindsay. Not everybody grew up the way we did.”
“What about Dooley? She was seeing him too.”
“What about him? She dated him, so what? I left her, just up and left in the night. What happened after was my fault.”
“Nobody forced her to sleep with Jace!”
“Nobody forced him either,” Lance countered and saw her tears. “One day when you’re older you’ll understand this stuff, Lindsay.” 
“I’m so sick of everyone treating me like a kid! I’m eighteen, Lance.”
He looked amused. “Start acting like it. What happened was a mistake. Just let it go, Lindsay.”
“Can you let it go?” she replied with a knowing look. 
“I love her. I guess I have to. She’s going to Georgia with me.”
Lindsay was stunned by his admission. Before she could react he got out of the car. She followed, still reeling by all he revealed to her. She started to think she had been living under a rock the whole time she was seeing Jace. Never in a million years did she see her brother in love with Marnie Slade.
Chapter Thirteen
They entered the bowling alley and Lindsay felt eyes upon her. She avoided looking at the kids they passed. With Lance at her side not many pushed the issue by making comments. They went into the snack bar and saw Marnie waiting there.
She wore loose jeans and a sweatshirt. Lindsay almost did a double take at her appearance. For once, she didn’t look like the trampy girl she’d known all her life. 
Marnie only had eyes for Lance and she could see the looks the two shared. She had those unspoken moments with Jace, knowing by every expression that crossed his face what he was thinking or feeling. It was love, whether she approved or not. 
“Cameron was here; just so you know,” she informed Lindsay as they sat down. “He’ll probably be back too.”
“I’d like to see him mess with my sister while I’m here,” Lance informed her moodily as he bent and brushed a kiss across her lips. “Sorry I’m late, babe. I stopped to pickup Lindsay. I thought it was only right I tell her about our plans.”
Marnie looked at Lindsay and was prepared for her condemnation. 
“I guess the cat’s out of the bag.”
“You were pretty secretive. I never heard a thing about you two.”  
“What a shocker something got by everyone in Little Bend,” Lance teased as he got up and went to order their pizza.
Marnie looked uncomfortable. “He told you that I’m leaving with him?”
“Yeah, I guess everybody lives happily ever after but me,” Lindsay said sourly and almost regretted it by Marnie’s pained look. “Don’t mind me. I’m still recovering from my shock.”
Marnie glared at her. “I love your brother. I know the way everything looks to you and I can’t help that. Just know he’s all I care about, ever cared about. I only stayed with Cam because I thought I had to because of the baby. Lance said he doesn’t care whose baby this is. He said it’s ours. We’re getting a place in Georgia and he wants you to be alright with this.”
“Alright? What if the baby is Jace’s? That would make Lance his uncle, Marnie. You can’t tell me all this isn’t a bit weirder now?”
“It could be Cam’s too.”
“Or Dooley’s,” Lindsay pointed out in disgust.
“He used protection when we were together. It’s pretty doubtful it’s his. I just went to him because I needed help.”
“Try to see why this whole thing blows my mind,” Lindsay began and shook her head. “Every day I learn something new and I was here the whole time.”
“You and Jace were in a plastic bubble, for sure. He didn’t even know his best friend was selling drugs. It’s funny about being in love. You tend to not notice things you should.”
“If you care about my brother this whole thing is fine with me,” Lindsay informed her. “But if you hurt him; I’m going to come looking for you.”
“He wants to get married.”
Lindsay scowled.  “Like I said; I never saw this coming. Just give me time to get used to the idea you’re coming with us to Georgia for now, ok?”
Marnie smirked then. “I told him to tell you last summer. I know this is a lot to take in.”
“What are you going to do if Margene’s baby is his?”
Marnie shrugged. “The same thing he’s doing in accepting mine if it’s Cam’s or Jace’s.”
Lindsay eyed her approvingly. “I think that’s the right attitude to have.”
“Margene won’t let him ever see the kid if it turns out to be his.”
“I guess we just have to wait and see and hope for the best.”
“Lindsay, this was the last thing I wanted when Lance left. I was so hurt to find out about him and Margene. I wanted to hurt him back.”
Lindsay could well understand that kind of hurt. She also knew firsthand what means Cam used to take advantage of Marnie. She wasn’t surprised he did it to all his dates. Knowing he would do it to more girls made her anxious to see him in jail.
“Did Cam say anything to you when he was here?”
“Yeah, he said I can forget it now that he knows Lance is back in town.”
“He knew about you and my brother?”
“Yeah, I think that’s the only reason he moved in on me.”
Lindsay had to agree, thinking of his interest in her after Jace died.
 “Lance won’t let him bother you.”
“Lance has problems of his own,” Lindsay replied. “He can’t be there every minute.”
“He has something to ask you and it might solve the problem until we leave,” Marnie told her as Lance joined them once more.
Lance took her lead and gazed at his sister hopefully. “Marnie needs a place to stay. Is it ok if she stays with us until we leave? I can look out for you both for the next three weeks and don’t have to worry so much.”
“Fine with me, but Merriman might have an issue with it.”
“Let me handle him. I appreciate this, sis. Marnie can’t stay there anymore. Cam won’t leave her alone and his friends are harassing her more every day.”
Lindsay was stunned to know Marnie endured that by herself. She went to the sheriff knowing Cam and his friends would make her life miserable. All her thoughts of Marnie were conflicted. Knowing the girl would be her sister-in-law one day also reminded her that nothing was as it seemed anymore. Her and Jace lived in their own world and ignored all of this.
“Does Mom know about this?” Lindsay asked and the pair went very quiet. Lance passed out Styrofoam plates and smiled.
“Yeah she knows. She’s not real happy about it, but it’s my choice and my life and for once I’m doing what I want.”
Lindsay took a slice of pizza and reflected upon her brother’s words. “What about Everett? Does he know?”
“He doesn’t stay sober long enough for me to tell him anything, Lindsay.”
She felt horrible, knowing Lance had to pick up where Jace left off with their father. Evie probably didn’t remember anything he was told when he was drunk and drank more to forget what he heard. Lance tried to form a relationship with the man, but how did one do that?
“You did tell him though?”
“Yeah, he said he knew I was his and wondered when Mom would get around to telling me. The guy hardly acknowledges he lost Jace and lost the other two. What did you expect? Did you think he’d take me fishing, Lindsay?”
“No, I guess not.”
Lance looked sad and Marnie put her arm around him. “I can say I tried, that’s about it. He’s too far gone. He won’t go into treatment and help himself. Addie has had enough. After this weekend he doesn’t have any place to live. I can’t worry about him. Mrs. Warren said he can have Marnie’s old apartment and I paid it up until the end of the summer. Then he’s on his own.”
“Does he know where Sara and Dougie are?”
“He didn’t ask, Lindsay. We’re talking about Evie Turner. He only wonders where his next drink is coming from.”
Lindsay felt horrible for Dougie and Sara, and her brother. Everett Turner would never be the father they needed him to be. Her own father might be a selfish jerk, but he was there for her at the end of the day.
“You didn’t have to do that for him, Lance.”
He looked down at his pizza. “He’s still my dad, Lindsay. I did it for me, so I can walk away and say I did all I could.”
Lindsay ate her pizza and the three were quiet. She didn’t see Cameron and his friends enter the snack bar. By Lance’s tense expression, she looked behind her and felt dismay to see he had three buddies with him.
“Yo, what’s up, Lance?” he called, his eyes flicking over Lindsay and Marnie with a cold look in his blue eyes.
“Just getting dinner, Cam,” her brother returned and his brown eyes narrowed. “Don’t start anything.”
Cameron grinned and his buddies laughed. “You roll back into town and steal my girl and think everything’s just hunky dory?”
“I’m not your girl!” Marnie snapped and glared at her ex-boyfriend. “It’s over, Cam. I’m leaving with Lance; so back off.”
“See that’s the problem, Marnie,” Cam went on pleasantly. “I talked to my lawyer and he tells me until we know whose baby it is; you can’t go anywhere. I got rights, babe.”
Marnie looked like she had been punched in the stomach. “You told me it was my problem, remember? Now you’re gonna try and force me to stay here if the baby’s yours? Why? Just for spite?”
“If it’s my kid; I got rights,” Cam said and laughed at Lance’s angry look. “My lawyer is writing up the court order right now. I don’t think you want to push it by trying to leave.”
“You don’t even care about the baby!” Marnie cried and Lance put a hand over hers in comfort.
Cam smiled smugly and he and his friends circled the table. “Yeah, but since you went out of your way to make my life miserable; I might as well return the favor.”
“You won’t get away with this!” Marnie raged.
“I already did, babe. You know I always get my way.”
“Cam, unless you want to go outside; I suggest you get lost,” Lance told him in a menacing tone, rising from the table.
“Hey Romeo, calm down. This is between me and my baby mama,” Cameron informed him and the guys all laughed at his words. “I don’t want any trouble with you.”
“Stay away from Marnie and my sister, Cam.”
Cam smiled down at Lindsay and she felt a tremor of fear from the look of hatred in his eyes as he noticed her. “You might want to tell your sister to stay away from me. She’s the one working for the cops.”
“She’s not working for the cops, Cam,” Lance growled and took a step forward. “And if you don’t have anything to hide; why are you so worried about it?”
Cam shrugged and looked unconvinced. “I’m not. I didn’t do anything. My lawyer says this won’t even go to trial. They got nothing on me. It’s just the point. Her running off at the mouth got me busted for other stuff. I lost the scholarship and my parents are ticked. Somebody has to pay.”
“Stay away from my sister, Cameron,” Lance repeated tightly and Cam’s friends looked worried. Everybody knew Lance was a scrapper. “Leave her alone and tell your friends to back off or they deal with me.”
Cameron’s eyes lingered on Lindsay. “It’s too bad you had to run to the cops, Lindsay. I can’t help what happens now. Nobody likes a narc.”
Lance looked livid as Cameron and his friends left the snack bar. Lindsay shivered from the threat behind his words. It was obvious Cameron wasn’t going to let it go. She had three weeks until graduation. 
She debated the sanity in not leaving with Lance and Marnie now. But now it looked like Marnie might not be able to leave. She knew Lance wouldn’t go without her. It gave her hope she could see this through.
“He’s just blowing smoke,” Lance assured Marnie. “He can’t force you to stay.”
Marnie looked sick as she sat back in her chair. “He has rights if it’s his. The lady at the welfare office said so. There’s a test I can have done to find out now. We talked about it if this should happen when I went through the adoption process. I didn’t think Cameron would do this.”
“Forget it! You’re not getting stuck with some needle to prove a point.”
“What are you talking about?” Lindsay asked in alarm. “What needle?”
Lance looked angry. “They have a test they can do to establish paternity of the baby. They stick a needle into her stomach to extract blood from the baby. It’s dangerous and I told her no.”
“He’s not going to leave me alone unless we do it.”
Lance appeared sick too. “Marnie, I won’t ask you to do that.”
“He meant what he said, Lance. He’s going to make everyone as miserable as he is now. He knows I can’t leave if it’s his. I’m calling that lady Monday and take the test. What choice do we have?”
“I told my uncle I would be back July first; no later. We gotta figure this out or I’m out of a job.”
“Uncle Ed won’t fire you, Lance.”
“Jobs are hard to come by, Lindsay,” her brother reminded her. “It’s no different there. Sure he’ll understand, but I don’t want to risk my job by staying here any longer than that.”
“Cam is just trying to make everyone as miserable as he is. He’s on bail. He wouldn’t dare try to come after me and Marnie.”
“Don’t even guess what he will do, little sister,” Lance said coldly. “Remember what he did to Jace? I don’t put anything past him.”
“Now do you see why I was helping the sheriff?”
“No more of that,” Lance warned her, his dark eyes filled with anger. “They get paid to take those risks; you don’t. Leave it to the cops, Lindsay.”
“What if he gets away with it?” she asked and looked devastated. “How can I accept that?”
Lance’s expression softened. “He was my brother, Lindsay. How do you think I feel? All these years I wondered why I liked the guy so much.  I want to rip Cam’s head off, but I have to let the cops do their job.”
“Jace wouldn’t want to see you take these risks, Lindsay,” Marnie added and her hazel eyes filled with sadness. “He was one of the kindest people I knew. He wouldn’t want you hurt trying to catch his killer.”
“You know, this last month has been an eye opener for me,” Lindsay said softly. “I almost feel like I didn’t deserve Jace at all. Everything he did was for his family and for us. The choices I forced him to make for me will haunt me forever.”
“He made his choice. He was staying. You guys would have worked it out,” she consoled. 
“Did you ever wonder why Cameron did it?” Lindsay asked them both. “He already knew he was getting the scholarship by default. Jace told him he wasn’t going with me before he even told me. We all know he could care less whose baby it is. I can’t help but want to know.”
“He’s a sicko; that’s why!” Lance exploded under his breath. “Don’t wonder about it. Any guy who would hack up his best friend is just nuts. Does he need a reason?”
“No, she has a point,” Marnie pointed out. “Why would he kill Jace? I’ve wracked my brain trying to figure it out. Sure he was jealous of Jace. Who wouldn’t be? He was as close to perfect as you could get.”
“Sheriff Wilson said some people get off on killing. I can’t help but wonder if he’s sick like that. Now do you understand? What if he kills again?” Lindsay said urgently. “I couldn’t live with myself if I did nothing.”
Lance and Marnie both considered what she said. Her brother ran a hand through his dark hair and gazed at her with understanding in his gaze. “You mean you think he might be a serial killer who is just getting started?”
“Nothing else makes sense, Lance.”
“We might never know, Lindsay. I know you’re missing Jace, but you have to let this go. Cameron is nobody you want to mess with.”
Lindsay finished her pizza and her private thoughts disagreed with her brother. She very much wanted to mess with Cameron. It was pretty clear unless she met him head-on he would come at her from behind. Her brother had his hands full with Marnie and her situation right now. 
As much as she would like to assure him she would stay out of it; she had no intentions of letting Dooley handle the case on his own. Sheriff Wilson retired in a few weeks. He assured her once he was out of the department he would devote himself to the case fulltime.
He said Dan hadn’t the experience to work the case. Just knowing Cameron was likely to walk made her more determined to help. Jace wouldn’t die in vain. She had to have some justice. Her whole life was upside down. 
On the outside she looked like she was handling her grief. On the inside, she was falling apart. Everything she once thought was important no longer was. She even second-guessed her decision to be a doctor one day and go to Georgia at all. Worse, she no longer wanted to live without Jace. She refrained from talking about that. The desire to join him in death was a constant thought. 
Lance would have her dragged to a padded room if he knew how much she wanted to end her own life and be with the man she loved. The only thing that kept her going was seeing Cameron pay for what he did. Once he was sitting in prison, she would see where her life took her. Right now; she lived to get justice for Jace.
  “I’m going to drop you at home and help Marnie get all her stuff packed up,” her brother told her as he closed the leftover pizza box. “You gonna be alright for a while?”
“Yeah, I’m going to take a bath and get to bed early,” Lindsay replied and felt more secure knowing her brother had her back.
“She doesn’t have much and we won’t be long,” he warned and got up. “You hear one noise; you call my cell. I don’t trust those guys.”
Marnie looked at her worriedly. “Lindsay, you don’t know Cam the way you think you do. He’s not right. He’ll come after you or put somebody up to it. You need to be real careful until we leave.”
Lindsay realized they were both right. The boy she grew up with was an animal. He killed Jace in cold blood for no apparent reason. Why would he hesitate to hurt her after she went to the police? Fear coursed through her in waves. Hysteria was making it difficult to think rationally these days. Every noise and creak in the apartment put her on edge.
The three of them left the bowling alley and Lindsay ignored the taunts and jeers at her back. Lance sent warning looks as he walked behind the two girls. Once they were in his car and leaving, she exhaled.
“Lindsay you need to listen to Marnie for your own good. Every kid in town who bought from Cam has you on their short list now. Don’t go anywhere alone. They can’t get to you on your job, so that means they’ll try to draw you out.”
“I’m not worried, Lance.”
He looked angry. “You need to be! Lindsay, he’s in with drug dealers in Helena. We need to get you out of here.”
Lindsay sat in the backseat and stared out the window as they drove back to the apartment. Lance walked her up and checked the apartment before he left her, making her lock up after him. She realized everyone took this all very seriously except her. For some reason she was in denial Cameron would hurt her.
She sat in the bathtub and soaked for over an hour, thinking about what a mess everything was in such a short time. Six weeks before she was planning her and Jace’s future, now it appeared she didn’t have one unless Cameron went down.
Sheriff Wilson wasn’t sure Cameron wouldn’t just get probation for the drug charge. If that was the case; he was walking free next month at his hearing. His father hired the best criminal defense attorney in Helena. She knew the evidence against him in Jace’s murder was all circumstantial. 
Thoughts of Cameron beating everything he was charged with kept her up at night. He would bide his time until after the hearing. She knew instinctively she had nothing to worry about right now. He wouldn’t risk coming after her now. He would wait until the charges were dropped and he was assured of probation. 
She waited until Lance and Marnie arrived and helped them unload Lance’s trunk. They took her mom’s old room and she left them to unpack. She lay down and stared at the ceiling. Thoughts of Jace filled her mind. 
Tears sprang to her eyes to know she could do so little for him. Frustrated anger filled her to know that wearing a wire wasn’t enough. Sheriff Wilson was right. She needed to step it up if she was going to get a confession out of Cam. 
~ ~ ~
Jace was cleaning weapons when he saw Daphne on the close circuit TV outside the warehouse. He rose and hit the button to open the door, excited to see her back. She was three days early. She entered the warehouse and he closed the door. Her expression was sober. 
“How did you close the door?”
She wrinkled her nose. “I did what you said and concentrated. I had to run all the way here. Those creeps were everywhere when I came through.”
“How did it go?”
She looked away from Jace’s inquisitive expression, appearing tense. “We can talk later. Is Merrick here?”
“No, he’s with Raymond and McNeal on patrol.”
Daphne looked relieved. “Jace, are you sure you need to go back?”
Jace froze at her worried look. “Why? What happened out there? Tell me now.”
Daphne wrung her hands and sat at the work bench, her blue eyes meeting his with reluctance. “It’s not how I thought it would be. One thing I can tell you is that there are plenty of us up there.”
“What do you mean?”
“Ghosts, Jace. They’re everywhere. It’s sad really. They must have gotten trapped there after they died.”
“What happened with your husband and his boss?”
“Aaron was in on it the whole time,” Daphne reported with a grimace. “He broke it off with her right after I died. She won’t leave him alone. I didn’t know it but my boss at the diner invested in security cameras for the restaurant. The cameras got her car and a partial plate. The cops are investigating her and she is close to breaking. It’s really sad. She did all that to be with Aaron and he doesn’t even care about her.”
“Where’s Jacob?”
“He’s with my mom like I told you,” Daphne said and smiled. “Aaron agreed to give her and my dad custody. He lied to them and said we had no insurance so they had to pay to bury me. What a jerk! Why am I surprised?”
“It’s only a matter of time before she confesses and takes him down with her,” Jace told her and nodded. “All in all, do you feel like you got closure?”
Daphne paused and regarded him with a sad look. “My son could see me, Jace. He smiled at me and followed me with his eyes. Isn’t that something?”
Jace felt for her, knowing she missed her baby son. “So how was the haunting?”
“That was fun,” she remarked with a chuckle. “All you have to do is concentrate really hard and you can move objects. Aaron about came unglued when I paid him a visit. He started to cry. Natalie hid in her closet. It was priceless. I should tell you that you can walk through walls and run really fast. You use this trick to move things and you get tired too.”
Jace looked fascinated. “But they couldn’t see you or hear you?”
She looked crestfallen. “No, nobody heard me or saw me; just Jacob. I tried; trust me. I saw how well my husband is living now and wanted to scream the house down. Another cool trick is steam. You have an outline then. I thought Natalie would lose it when I waited for her to get out of the shower. You should have seen her face.”
“Why did you come back so early?”
“I did what I wanted to do,” she explained and shrugged. “They’ll both get caught it looks like. My son is where I want him to be. There wasn’t much else I cared to find out.”
“Anything else I need to know before I go?” he asked.
Daphne smiled and rolled her eyes. “I’m sure, knowing you that you’ll discover more powers out there than I did. The trick is concentration and we both know yours is better than mine. I also think I made physical contact with Aaron.”
Jace stilled. “How?”
“I got so mad I swung at him,” she explained and shook her head. “I was so mad I couldn’t see straight. One of my blows he felt. I could see by the look on his face. He held his cheek and looked freaked out.”
Jace smiled grimly. “Good, what I got in mind calls for a little more action.”
“Did Merrick ever wonder where I went?”
Jace laughed. “He knew. I didn’t have to tell him. We told Raymond you went off to explore convinced you could lead a normal life down here. He didn’t think much of it. Goose and Will took off the week before so he thinks you’re all just ungrateful and hard-headed.” 
“What will he say when you go missing?” she asked in concern.
“You just say I went off to look for the Newbies who are still missing; that’s it.”
“Jace, just be prepared to find that things aren’t the same. I would warn you now you won’t like some things. That was the hardest, not having anything to say about anything anymore. My mom spoils my son rotten. It was hard to sit and see it. Things like that. You aren’t there anymore. Life goes on without us.”
Jace sighed and thought of Sara and Dougie. He knew he could do nothing for them. His father hadn’t been sober one day since he died; he could almost bet. And Lindsay, how was she taking it? Not knowing was worse than discovering things he didn’t like. He had to know everyone was alright. He might have extended his time here in Oblivion, but it was worth it to him.
“When are you leaving?” she asked in a soft voice, her pretty face sad.
“Tomorrow after Merrick leaves for patrol.”  
“Jace, I think you should also know that the other ghosts are a nuisance. They’re bored or something. I was constantly inundated with them, asking questions about what lies beyond. Their stories will really get to you.”
“Are any of them dangerous?” he asked and tensed by her guarded expression.
“I sensed violence in some of them, but they stayed away from me. Whatever work they had of their own took precedence. Just be warned they’re really curious. I also would warn you they crowded around me when I came through. Some of them tried to go through but you closed the door too fast.”
Jace felt ready to go back, excited in a way. Daphne saw his expression and smiled. “You can’t wait to see your girl, can you?”
“I ache to see her,” he admitted and sighed. “Every day I’ve been here felt like a year since I died. I have to make sure everyone I love is okay.”
“My death changed everything for the better,” she said with a sarcastic laugh. “My parents think of me more kindly. They regret our last fight. My mom still cries for me. My dad is real suspicious of Aaron and he keeps pushing the cops in that direction. My son has more advantages too. My boss even invested in more outside security.”
“But do you feel content now?” Jace persisted. “Did going back help?”
“Yeah, it did. In a way it is as if the anxiousness I felt when I got here is gone. I had no problem coming back. Jace, whatever you do, come back. Don’t think you’d be happy there long term for a minute. I see the way the others feel to see those they love with other people and see life go on around them without being a part of it. That would be worse than being here for eternity.”
Jace was sad to know Daphne was right. He couldn’t take seeing Lindsay with another guy, or see something go wrong for Sara and Dougie and be unable to do anything. That would be Hell in itself. Still, he had two weeks to say goodbye. 
It was a funny thing about dying unexpectedly. The dead were no more prepared than the living to deal with the result. The love and sense of loss was just as profound. Jace wasn’t ashamed to cry some nights when he was alone. Every little thing he ever put off or took for granted came to mind, reminding him his life ran out and it was indeed too late.
Chapter Fourteen
Lindsay got up earlier than she normally did and didn’t know why. Some awareness took hold making the hair on her arms stick up. She sat up in the bed and slid out quietly. She opened her bedroom door and listened and that was when she heard a car running out back.
She crept to the door of the apartment and peeked out the peephole, seeing nothing. Carefully she unlocked the door and opened it a crack, peering out. It had to be in the wee hours of the morning, still dark outside.
The idle of a car engine alerted her and she scanned the lot and froze at the sight of Cam’s Mustang sitting near the dumpster. Her mouth opened but no sound came out. She was about to cry out for Lance when the Mustang suddenly sped away from the lot and all went eerily quiet. 
 She was about to shut the door when the explosion occurred. The building shook with it and she gasped to see her mother’s BMW station wagon had been the intended target. Metal and glass were everywhere; the car ablaze.
Lance and Marnie came running and joined her on the second-story porch, watching the car burning in shock.
“Call 911!” Lance hollered to Marnie and he ran down the stairs to the lot, looking up and down for some sign of anyone.
“It was Cam, Lance!” Lindsay called down to him in hysteria. “I opened the door and saw his car out here right before the station wagon blew up.”
Lance looked outraged. Roaring sirens and pandemonium soon prevailed as the fire department and Dan Dooley arrived on the scene. Bob, the other deputy on duty, pulled in shortly thereafter. The firemen opened up the hose from their truck on the car and put it out within minutes.
Lindsay was dazed as she sat with Marnie in the living room while Dan talked to Lance in the kitchen. She was numb and frozen with fear. Marnie saw her pale face and leaned near.
“Don’t freak out like this! It’s what he wants, Lindsay! Just breathe!”
“He’s sending me a message. Don’t you see?” she whispered hoarsely, blue eyes wide with fright. “He’s letting me know he can get to me anytime he wants.”
“Well he’s busted because you saw him!”
Lindsay didn’t hear what her brother was saying to Dan but she could tell he was getting mad. Dan was writing everything down, looking harassed and irritated. Sheriff Wilson walked in and he changed his whole demeanor as usual. Bob was writing up a report at the kitchen table and a wrecker was called to take her Mom’s car away.
Lance felt it was better to deal with Deborah later in the morning after the cops left. Her mother would have a conniption when she learned about her vehicle being firebombed. Sheriff Wilson came over and smiled kindly at them both.  
“You are sure you saw him, Lindsay?”
“Yes! I heard a noise and looked out and saw his car by the dumpster. He left and the car exploded,” she said for the hundredth time, exhausted with all the questions. 
Mr. Merriman was called and on his way in. The building sustained no damage, but there was broken glass everywhere in the lot. Lindsay was not looking forward to dealing with him, worried he would evict her for causing such trouble at his store.
“No, I know you say you saw the car,” he reiterated. “You actually saw him?”
“Well no, but that was him. Who else would blow up my car?” she asked in anger.
“Lindsay, Cameron’s mother reported the car stolen last night. She also claims Cameron was at home playing video games and that she checked on him before she went to bed and he was in his room.”
“That doesn’t mean anything! He could have snuck out!”
Gary sighed and sipped his coffee. “Lindsay, he has an alibi that places him at home when the explosion happened. Do you know a boy named Matt Lauder?”
“He’s one of Cam’s buddies,” she replied in exasperation. “He’d say anything for Cam.”
“Well, he says he got up to use the bathroom at five this morning and Cam was in bed sleeping.”
“Their all lying!” 
“Lindsay, I can’t charge him for this unless you actually saw him. You saw the car. Now do you see what I mean? With the car reported stolen; we can’t prove it was even him sitting there before the car exploded.”
Lindsay felt a dull ache of fear to know he was right. Cam’s friend lied and covered for him, but the pair had obviously blown up the station wagon and stashed the Mustang. They probably walked back to his house and snuck in under his mother’s nose. She would bet the car was found not far from Bendview Estates.
Lance came back and eyed his sister grimly. “I have to call Mom, Lindsay. We need the insurance information and everything in the car was torched.”
Lindsay flinched, knowing how Deborah would react. “Can you call her? I think I’m going to be sick.”
She got up from the couch and flew to the bathroom, slamming the door shut and heaving her guts out into the toilet. She sat next to the commode and tears blinded her. A shaky hand wiped them away. Her head hurt and her eyes stung from the smoke billowing up from the lot earlier. Terror filled her gaze to think Cameron would employ such tactics. 
She heard the door to the apartment open and close. The cops could do nothing. Anger made her sit up and face her situation with a good dose of reality. They couldn’t protect her, she knew. Even with Sheriff Wilson promising to do his best to keep an eye on her and Lance in the next room; she was vulnerable.
Lindsay whispered a prayer as she got up off the bathroom floor, asking for help from anyone who listened. Graduation was a month away. A lot could happen in a month. Despite her best intentions to stay and help catch Cameron, she knew the best thing to do was to leave with Lance and Marnie. 
~ ~ ~
“Remember to practice your targets every day,” Jace was saying as they walked down the dark street.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Daphne was saying, keeping her eyes peeled for demons and Deadheads alike. “You just make sure you come back, Jace.”
He didn’t answer her as they walked, his eyes scanning the shadowy alleyways as they passed. It was quiet tonight. Merrick gave him a long look before he left on patrol tonight. The older man’s brown eyes bore into his knowingly before he got into the van.
“You just get yourself back here, kid. You ain’t no good to ‘em back there anymore,” he had said. “You only get in the way.” 
Jace didn’t answer. He knew Merrick realized that better than anyone else. He gazed passed him at Daphne and he rolled his eyes. Jace’s protégé had to work on her shooting. Until she actually hit something she wasn’t going on patrols.
“I got to do this, Merrick.”
“I gotcha, just come back. I’ll cover for ya with Raymond.”
Jace watched him leave, feeling bad he couldn’t take Merrick’s word for it. He had to find out for himself.
“Earth to Jace,” Daphne piped up and intruded on his thoughts. “I wanted to know what you want me to do if I can’t find the new opening after this one is closed.”
“I can get back on my own if that’s the case.”
“Ok, are you ready for this?” she asked.
“Ready as I’ll ever be. You just close that door fast, Daphne.”
Her eyes were solemn. “No problem. You don’t need one of those creeps following you back.”
Jace and Daphne arrived at the glistening ripple near a boarded up building. She looked around nervously. Jace could sense no demons nearby. It was uncanny on how fast he adapted to life down here. 
He looked at her and smiled. “Just close that door and get your butt back to the garage. Use the fire escape to get back in and lock up behind you.”
She grinned. “No problem. And hey, it’s real cold when you pass through but just keep walking.”
Jace nodded. “Anything else I need to know?”
“You can’t do a damn thing for them, Jace. I hope you come back when you realize that.”
He reached into the translucent ripple that separated dimensions, feeling the cold jelly-like feel of it. He withdrew his hand and it came back dry. A shiver of apprehension went through him. He was determined to help the people he loved even if they couldn’t see him or hear him.
“Alright, I’m ready. You just be ready,” he warned as he turned to Daphne.
The redhead smiled. “Yes, Boss, just keep saying there’s no place like home. Now get going before the spooks catch on.”
Jace cleared his mind of everything but the farm, the kids, Lindsay, and his hometown of Little Bend. He concentrated hard, his dark eyes narrowed as he pictured Lindsay’s apartment, the graffiti spray-painted by some punk on the back of Merriman’s grocery store. The picture of the place was crystal clear in his mind, every detail he could recall. He walked forward, into the rippling doorway. 
Jace gasped as the coldness of it took his breath away. He fought the urge to turn back as he stepped through, forcing himself to concentrate on what lay beyond as he walked. He saw nothing but distortion on either side of him, shapes and colors he couldn’t make out. He stepped gingerly as he walked, unsure of the terrain. The sponginess of it reminded him of wrestling mats in the gym at school. He heard nothing but the beating of his own heart and his ragged breathing.
He felt like he walked a quarter mile when he began to see light at the end of the ripple. He began to walk faster, feeling a sense of claustrophobia in the cold portal. The light was bright enough for him to squint as he passed through it. A look of wonder crossed his face as he stepped through it and found himself in the front yard of his former home. He hesitated, seeing it was now boarded up. He remembered the portal and hurried up and closed the doorway behind him.
The farm was rundown and ramshackle in the best of times. The sight that greeted him in the morning light was dismal and disturbing. An orange sticker was affixed to the window of the front room. He didn’t have to go up and read it to know the farm had been condemned by the county. All of the broken appliances had been removed from the front yard and hauled away. The old tractor had been dragged out of the field; gone too. 
Jace sighed as he looked at the sagging roof of the farmhouse. How many times could he recall his mother berating his father to fix the leaks that plagued them for years in the spring? Sadness filled his gaze to know the land that was in the Turner family for nearly eighty years was now gone for back taxes.
His pa probably didn’t know or care what became of it, so lost in his own disease of drunkenness. Thoughts of Everett made him angry now. The man never did anything but drag his children down with him. Jace felt fury to know he’d been denied a childhood to make up for his lack.
While other boys played little league and fished with their father’s; he worked from the time he got out of school until late into the evening to care for his siblings and ailing mother. Dawn had a small insurance policy from her employer and they had enough to bury her and Everett pocketed the rest without thought to put any aside for his children.
 No, his pa didn’t harbor much guilt for those days, or he stayed drunk to fight off the demons that came for him. Jace knew there was no point in dwelling on the unfairness of the past. He fumed to know death had not lessened his resentment, only intensified it. Daphne’s words about how anger fueled their power made him long to destroy the leaning dinghy farmhouse until it was rubble.
His eyes focused on the chipped red-brick chimney and he felt white-hot rage course through him, his mind pushing at the house. He was frustrated to see it still stood after several minutes of concentration. Obviously he had some skills to work on before he went looking for his murderer.
Thinking of Cam made him smile. His friend thought he was untouchable. He would touch him before this was all over.  He would feel every bit of Jace’s rage before he returned to Oblivion to wait for whatever the afterlife held in store for him. A touch of guilt made him frown, knowing his group was down one man in their efforts to ward off both demons and Deadheads in their world.
Rhys, the Deadhead leader, was growing stronger every day, encouraged by the demon’s promises. The man believed their lies. Such was the desperation to be deemed a lifer in Oblivion, with no chance for redemption from either side. 
The Devil didn’t want them because of their lack of souls and God cursed them for taking their own lives. Without any hope, they had no choice but to believe the lies of the demons. 
He thought it a thankless job they took on, knowing the Deadheads outnumbered them ten to one. Every day they picked up three to four people who joined them while the Deadheads added twenty to thirty to that number.
At the end of each patrol, he asked himself why he was sent here. None could tell him even that much. That was the hardest. To have lived as he had and been cut down at barely eighteen; what could he have possibly done to displease God?
Merrick laughed and said that had nothing to do with it. He clung to that theory. He prayed daily his dealing with Cameron and seeking his own justice was forgiven despite the warnings it lengthened his stay there. How could any of them know what was intended for them? 
Jace walked around the yard and was grim-faced to see the lost souls Daphne spoke of walking down the street. The ghostly wraith’s moved toward him curiously. They walked from the road and the fields, rising up out of thin air. 
He saw that they were harmless, could see in their confused expressions they didn’t have a clue to why they wandered the earth in the state they were in. He felt sorry for their bleak expressions. There were men, women and even children, all dressed in different time periods signifying how long they dwelled here.
A feeling of relief was known that they didn’t show any aggression. He was as unsure here as he’d been when he first arrived in Oblivion.  
“Who are you?” a ghostly man asked as he drew nearer, his eyes soulful and lost. “Did you see the angels?”
Jace recalled Daphne telling him how confused these ghosts were. He had no answers for them. “I didn’t see any angels,” he replied and saw the man’s expression fill with anger.
“You lie!” he shouted and the other ghosts followed suit, glaring at him.
“I didn’t see anything,” Jace insisted and tensed from the sudden change in their demeanors. “I can’t help you. I’m new here too.”
“You came from beyond,” the man sputtered. “What place did you leave?”
“It is the same as this,” Jace replied and backed away from them. “It isn’t Heaven if that’s what you think.”
The ghosts all muttered and Jace used their distraction to get away from the growing group. He ran down the rutted lane of his old driveway to the main road, pleased he seemed to fly over the ground, leaving the group behind. He felt exhilarated as he ran down the road, the blur of all he passed reminding him he needed to slow down as he neared town.
He walked into Little Bend and smiled as he stood on the corner of Main Street outside the bowling alley. He guessed it was midday. The traffic was light. Pedestrians passed him without seeing him, some walking right through him. He gasped as he felt the life force within him only seconds. It infused him with warmth, but only for a moment and they moved on, oblivious of his presence.
Jace jogged across the road to Merriman’s grocery store and went around back. He frowned as he saw the unknown vehicle parked near the stairs. Before he wondered whose vehicle it was, the apartment door opened and Lance Morgan stepped out, Marnie right behind him. 
He was surprised to see Lance’s hand at her elbow as they walked down the stairs. It was obvious the pair were quite close. The lingering kiss Lance gave her before they got in his car confused him.
Marnie was dating Cameron when he died. The two had a tumultuous relationship, on again and off again. Cameron was merely using her for sex and didn’t feel responsible when she became pregnant.  The confusion in his expression intensified when the pair got into the silver car and drove away.
Glass was everywhere, shards under his feet despite the obvious efforts at clean-up. He wondered what Lance was doing home. He ran off months before in the middle of the night without a word to anyone. Lindsay thought he was upset about the divorce. Judging by the looks passing between him and Marnie before they left; he didn’t look upset anymore.
Jace looked for Deborah Morgan’s station wagon and was confused. He walked up the stairs and smiled as he recalled Daphne telling him he could walk through doors and walls here. He stepped through the door and gasped as he came to stand on the threshold of the doorway inside. The apartment was quiet. 
Everything looked the same as it had the last time he was here. It was neat and tidy inside; as always. He stepped through the kitchen and stood indecisively in front of Lindsay’s bedroom door. 
The last thing he wanted to do was invade her personal space. He heard music within from her MP3 player. The strains of the music reminded him of lazy days spent studying for their final exams, eating Oreo cookies, and enjoying one another’s company.
Pain filled his eyes to know they would never have that again. Lindsay was alive. He was dead. He had no right coming here and forcing his way into her life now. She didn’t need him haunting her after everything his death put her through.
Just then the door opened. His eyes widened as he stared at his girlfriend, wearing only a tee shirt and panties as she walked through him. A gasp escaped him as Lindsay’s life force filled him with warmth. It was a pleasant sensation and made him feel alive for the barest of seconds it happened.
She looked as pretty as she always did. Her hair was secured in a pony tail and she wore minimal make-up. He watched her walk to the kitchen and tried not to admire the sight of his girl’s rear end in the cotton panties, but it was difficult. Fantasies of Lindsay filled his head since the eighth grade.
Jace watched her fix herself a glass of diet Coke and nibble on crackers and cheese at the counter. He walked closer, enough to see the sad look in her eyes. Sorrow made her blue eyes even bluer. A hand reached out and attempted to touch her cheek, only passing through her.
Frustration filled him to be unable to touch her now. The desire to hold her close was quadrupled the longer he stood watching her brood. A slight frown marred her forehead. He knew that look. She was worried about something.
“I love you, Lindsay,” he said and she appeared unaware and unmoved.
She left the counter and walked back to her room. He followed and almost turned away when she slid off the tee shirt. Despite what seeing her partially nude did to him, he was startled. 
A cord was taped to her chest under her bra. He watched her adjust it. Realizing it was a listening device confused him. Why was Lindsay wearing a wire? She dressed in the khaki slacks and red shirt with Merriman’s logo on it.
She worked for Merriman now? A grin split his face to think of his spoiled girlfriend working at all. Lindsay thought money just magically appeared before he died. Now it appeared she held a job. He couldn’t help but think it was about time she learn some responsibility. Deborah had never wanted her daughter to work while she was in school. Something changed, and for the better.
Lindsay put on her sneakers and he watched as she paused and looked up, her expression grew suddenly wary. He saw the look on her face and knew she was feeling his presence. She felt something. The hair on her arms stood up. Some awareness told her she was not alone in her room. It gave him hope he could reach out to her. Lindsay had always been like that; noticing things others might not. 
Jace used his concentration to focus on her dresser where a picture of her and her parents sat. He focused and suddenly the picture fell forward and clattered onto the wood top, making her jump. 
She went and placed the picture back where it was and he did it again. She backed away from the dresser now, her face stark with fear. He hated scaring her. He needed her to know he was here.
“Jace, is that you? Please tell me it is?” she whispered finally and her hand went to her throat. She looked terrified and he hesitated to continue.
He focused on the MP3 player button and mentally pressed it to the on position. She looked horrified when the music blared in the room. He went further to advance it to his favorite song. The country song he loved by Rascal Flats started up and she was pale and trembling by now. 
“Oh my God, it is you,” she whispered and was wide-eyed. “If it really is you; put on our song.”
Jace grinned and fast forwarded to Faith Hill’s ‘Breathe’ and saw tears fill his girlfriend’s eyes. She sank to her bed and sat on the edge. The song filled the room and his heart as he watched her.  Trembling hands stilled in her lap, eyes large and luminous stared back at him, not seeing him, but knowing he was there.
“Are you okay?” she asked and her voice had a catch in it.
Jace wanted to reassure her but didn’t know how. He went and sat beside her. Her warmth was all he could feel. Wishing for more he looked around her room for some way of telling her he was fine. 
He spied Sara’s bulletin board on the opposite wall. The picture of all three of the Turner children was old, taken five years before. It was wrinkled and faded but it was one of the few of them together. He focused on the push pin that secured it to the cork board. The tack popped and fell, along with the picture.
Lindsay gasped and got up. She went and picked up the picture, wiping her eyes and looking around with anxiousness. 
“They’re okay, Jace. They live with my mom and Jack now. You don’t need to worry about them anymore. My mom adores Sara and Dougie is winning her over. Jack and my mom hit it off pretty good. They live together now.”
Jace was stunned Deborah Morgan and Jack Miller were an item, pleased his brother and sister were together and not in a foster home. His relief was profound. He recalled Daphne telling him of how everything improved with her death for those she cared about. 
“Your father is another matter though,” she continued and looked grim. “He’s worse than ever before. I think losing the kids and the farm after your death finally pushed him over the edge. I’m sorry, but he’s a lost cause.”
Jace used his mind to push the dry erase marker hanging by a string on the memo board. He mentally pulled off the cap. He saw her look of fascinated joy as he pushed the marker to the board. Writing proved more challenging than he thought. He grinned as he managed a very rough-looking heart in the green marker.
Lindsay started to cry again, sobs making her shoulders shake. “I love you too, Jace. I won’t ever stop. I miss you so much. You just don’t know.”
Jace wished he could hold her then. He did know. Seeing Lindsay brought back every bit of longing and love within him, reminding him what they planned was never going to happen. Anger filled his gaze at the unfairness of it.
They were both alerted to the phone ringing. She ignored it as she looked around the room. “Please don’t leave me, Jace. I have to go to work right now. That’s probably Mr. Merriman looking for me.”
He used the marker to draw an arrow through the heart on the memo board. She looked relieved.
“I get off work at six tonight,” she said and looked around the room. “Please wait for me. We’ll find a way to talk to one another. I have an idea.”
Jace stared at the pillow on her bed until he managed to send it flying across the room to land at her feet. She bent and picked it up, holding it to her chest, smiling through her tears.
“A pillow to land on?” she asked softly and shook her head. “I’m probably losing my mind.”
His answer was to turn the knob of her door and painstakingly pull the door open for her. She appeared stunned to know his ghost was now ensconced within her bedroom. He was grateful Lindsay had a back bone and didn’t run away screaming her head off. She believed in such things as life after death. He used to tease her about it.  He hoped she found a better idea to communicate because using his mental energy was draining for him.
Daphne hadn’t enough time to tell him everything. Just these few pushes and he felt exhausted by the exertion. Anger and adrenaline probably disguised these obvious drawbacks to these powers. He would have to practice while she was at work. They definitely had to talk, even if that would be difficult.
Chapter Fifteen
Lindsay was eager to get her shift over, even asked Merriman if she could leave early. The man was still stung by her mother breaking off with him and refused, lecturing her for fifteen minutes on the importance of being grateful. 
She glared at his back when he walked away from her register. The store was dead. Only a handful of customers had come in the last hour. It was dinnertime in Little Bend. She fidgeted to get back to her room, excited and in awe of Jace’s ghost. 
There was no doubt in her mind that her boyfriend was reaching out to her from beyond the grave. Given his currently unsolved murder, she could use some incite from him of what happened that day.
Bells alerted her as the door to the grocery store opened. She groaned inwardly as she saw it was Matt, Cam, and another boy from school. The two boys sought Merriman out on the ruse of wanting a job. While her boss was busy looking for job applications in the back office, Cameron approached her register with a smirk on his face, his blue eyes full of amusement.
“Hey, Lindsay, how’s workin’ in this shithole treatin’ you?” he drawled as he played with her scanner on the conveyor belt. “Heard about the big boom the other night. Would have been somethin’ if you were in that car, huh?”
She stiffened as he laughed. “You don’t scare me, Cameron. I saw your car out there. You keep harassing me; you’re just going to get caught.”
“Aw, now you know I didn’t have anything to do with that,” he protested with a lazy smile. “My car was stolen yesterday. We just found it in the woods a couple miles from here.”
“That’s convenient for you,” she snapped and ripped the tape off her register and tossed it into the trash. “Like I said; keep it up.”
“You’re gonna pay for turning me in, Lindsay,” he warned and his blue eyes turned cold as they met hers. “I got more friends than you can even imagine. I can’t help it if they got my back.”
“I’m going to be there when you get executed for what you did to Jace, Cameron,” she stated boldly and smiled as she saw him bristle in anger. “I’m going to hope you suffer every bit as much as he did. I just have to ask. Did you get off on it? Did killing Jace make you feel like a man for once; you sick piece of shit?”
“I didn’t do it!” he grated and glared at her. “I can’t help what you think, Lindsay, but you accuse me one more time and you’re gonna piss me off!”
“What are you gonna do, Cam?” she jeered and pushed him harder. “Are you going to take me out in the woods and stab me to death too? Oh, I’m so scared!”
“I’m going to cut out your tongue first, you little bitch!” Cameron raged and was nearly frothing at the mouth now. “You just shut your mouth!”
“It must be hard being a little man without a knife in your hand, Cam,” she said and sneered at him. “I’m not real impressed with you without it.”
“I’ll kill you; you little snooty bitch!”
“Like I said; I’m not scared of you at all. I think you’re a wimp and a sicko!”
Cameron reached out and grabbed her, his fingers digging into her arm, his eyes boring into hers. “I’m going to enjoy cutting you up, Lindsay. I’m going to take my time with you. You and Jace will be together soon; mark my words.”
Merriman returned to the floor and he let her go as if she burned him, backing away with a look of hatred in his gaze. Triumph flared in Lindsay’s eyes, knowing the wire had picked up every bit of his threats. He was close to losing it. She wished she had just a few minutes more and he probably would have bragged about killing Jace.
Cameron stared at her until he and his friends left. The feel of his cold eyes made her tense. She was eager to get off work and go find Sheriff Wilson. Without a confession, she knew it was far from over. She was no expert in law enforcement, but Cam hardly confessed. The most she could get from this was a personal protection order, knowing that piece of paper would hardly protect her from Cam and his friends.   
~ ~ ~
Jace spent his time tweaking his powers and was amazed at how simple it was to move objects with his thoughts. Daphne was right. He had the concentration for this part of his ghostly powers. Throughout the day, Lance and Marnie came and went. He deduced the two were a couple after hearing them through the walls in the next room.
He hadn’t seen that coming. Secrets were not easily kept in Little Bend. The fact the two had kept their relationship unknown was remarkable. Lance seemed to accept the fact his girlfriend was having another guy’s baby pretty well. Jace felt a pang of regret as he saw Marnie was starting to show now.
Knowing it could be his baby she carried made him happy; despite the problems she would face raising it alone if things didn’t work out with Lance. Knowing a part of him may live on was a purely selfish thought, but one he clung to those hours they moved about the apartment. He listened to their conversations and frowned.
Learning Sheriff Wilson put Lindsay up to wearing a wire to entrap Cameron unnerved him to say the least. The fact she agreed to it surprised him. Lindsay was scared of everything. Facing Cameron had to be terrifying for her. Recalling the twisted pleasure he got out of killing him made him fear for Lindsay now. 
She had no idea what she was dealing with. Remembering Cameron’s dead stare as he swung the blade made him shudder. He killed him merely for sport, getting a rush out of it.
While he lay dying, he saw Cameron rubbing his blood on himself, looking euphoric. The thought of him getting his hands on Lindsay made him anxious for her to get off work. A look at the clock told him it would be hours yet. Time seemed to pass slower for a ghost. He grinned as he sat at the kitchen table listening to Marnie and Lance talk about their plans once they got to Georgia.
Lance was a good guy. He had always looked up to Lindsay’s brother. Nobody ever messed with Lance. He was an icon to the lower classmen at the high school. Known to be as tough as nails; Jace was glad to have him on his side all those years back. Picked on in school because of his dad and his grungy clothes; Lance always stuck up for him. He recalled Lindsay telling him Lance and Margene had a thing going before he left. Somehow he couldn’t see Lance with the trampy barmaid.
Lindsay’s dad wouldn’t like knowing his young girlfriend and son were seeing each other behind his back. He respected Bill Morgan because he was Lindsay’s dad, but that was where it ended. Seeing what his daughter and wife went through the last year sapped away every bit of respect he had for the man. 
Jace knew he was biased because of Lindsay. She was stronger than he gave her credit for. Hearing Lance speak of all she had done to help the police made him tense. 
After they left, he wandered to the living room and sat on the couch, staring into space, thinking of Cameron. His friend had a rude one coming. He would protect the girl he loved. He was here for revenge and would have it before he returned to Oblivion. Only then could he rest easily. 
~ ~ ~
Sheriff Wilson was cleaning out his desk when Lindsay arrived. Dan was submerged in paperwork and oblivious. He wanted to keep it that way. He more than suspected his former deputy and predecessor was doing nothing to solve the Turner murder these days.
“Cam came into the store,” she announced as she shut the door and reached under her shirt to disengage the wire. “It’s all here. He threatened to cut me up too.”
“Did he confess?” Gary asked and could tell by her angry expression he hadn’t.
“I’m getting to him,” Lindsay assured him. “He was about to brag about it when we got interrupted.”
“This is my last week on the job, Lindsay,” he told her. “After Friday we have to meet at your place. I don’t want Dan knowing I’m on this case.”
Lindsay perked up at his words. “You don’t trust him, do you?”
Gary scratched his head and sighed. “Dan went to school with Cam’s older brother Greg. I don’t see him pushing this case; no. That’s why we keep it to ourselves. You get a confession on that wire and we go to the FBI. I can issue a warrant for the threats but we both know that would be a waste of time. You have to get close to him to get a confession. He’s not about to violate a protection order so close to his court date.”
“You think the charges are going to get dropped, don’t you?”
Gary saw Lindsay’s pretty face fill with anguish. He wished he could tell her something positive. Word was his lawyer got the ring suppressed as evidence because of the way it was retrieved by Lindsay. It was no longer evidence. Reaching into his front desk drawer he pulled it out and handed it to her. 
“Here, I might as well give this back to you now. They threw it out.”
She looked outraged as she took her ring back. “What do you mean? He had it! He took it from Jace! How could they throw it out?”
Gary knew she wouldn’t accept this. He had not looked forward to this confrontation. “There is a very clear way evidence is gathered, Lindsay. We can’t prove anything by taking your word you got that ring in his room. It’s just going to help him walk faster if the prosecutor tries to push it. I just wanted reasonable cause to search his room, hoping to find something to tie him to the murder, blood evidence…something other than this.”
“So it was all for nothing?” she demanded, her blue eyes filled with fury.
“No, we got an indictment, Lindsay. He’s going to face charges. In the meantime, you need to get him to confess. That just bought us time. I know you feel like I set you up, but this is how the law works.”
“He’s too smart! He won’t admit it to me unless I push his buttons. What if he comes after me?”
“We need to hook you up with the means to protect yourself,” Gary said coolly as he withdrew a small .38 caliber pistol from the drawer. “You go out in the woods and practice with that. I’ll show you how to load it and use it. If he comes after you just shoot the little shit. I don’t expect you to risk his killing you too.”
Lindsay’s hand shook as she accepted the gun from him. It felt cold and alien in her hand. The thought of shooting Cameron if it became necessary shook her up. She set the gun down, not wanting to think about it. 
“What if he has someone else come after me? He has a lot of friends, between here and Helena. I am going to have to look over my shoulder every minute I’m here.”
“I have a fishing trip this weekend with my son and grandkids,” he told her. “After that I’m going to be watching you every minute I can. Just don’t confront him outside of me being there. We got a month or better before the case goes to court. You just do what I say and hopefully he cracks.”
Lindsay looked nervous. “What if he doesn’t crack?”
Gary looked sad. “Lindsay, he’ll get his. Just know you did all you could.”
He could see she was not convinced. He watched her pick up the gun and went over the basics of loading it and engaging the safety and firing. She put it in her purse with a box of bullets. He admired her courage. From the start he had doubts she would make it this far. That only told him how much she loved the Turner kid. 
Gary watched her put on the ring and wished he could reassure her they would get Cameron. He didn’t tell her, but he wasn’t so sure anymore. She left his office without another word. 
Just then Dan walked in and looked down the hall to Lindsay’s retreating back. “What did she want?”
Gary shuffled papers around his desk. “I gave her back her ring. No point in holding onto it now.”
Dan looked relieved. “I could have told you Cam was innocent, Gary.”
“You did as I recall,” the older man said sarcastically. “That doesn’t mean he is Dan, just that you want him to be.”
“You still think he did it?” Dan asked in disbelief.
“He’s as guilty as sin, Dan. And, he’s gonna kill again; mark my words. In a perfect world he’d be in jail right now, not threatening Lindsay Morgan as he is.”
Dan leaned against the doorframe. “We got nothing on Cam, Gary. Your hunch is just that; a hunch. He’s got an alibi for the explosion and everybody says the Morgan girl is losing it after her boyfriend got killed. Why do you continue to drag this out? You should be loving life now that you’re retiring.”
“I’ll be loving life when we solve this case,” was his reply.
“We cost the kid his scholarship with the bust, Gary,” Dan fumed. “Why can’t she be satisfied she got payback for his stealing from the Turner kid?”
“Cause I don’t believe he just ripped Jason Turner off that day before he dropped him at Marnie’s trailer, Dan. Common sense tells me Jace wouldn’t have let that ring and his last three hundred dollars out of his sight.”
Dan appeared angry but said nothing. His former deputy held his tongue now, waiting for the last minute he walked out of here on Friday, Gary knew. For that he was determined to investigate this on his own. 
Dan was good as a traffic cop and writing up reports, but he hadn’t the nose for an investigation like this. He accepted what he was shown, not what his gut should have told him. 
Cameron Chase was a cold blooded killer. He killed his best friend for the sheer enjoyment of it that day, Gary was sure. He looked into the kid’s eyes and saw death. If it was the last thing he did; he would seek justice for Jason Turner, even if the system he loved wouldn’t.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay stopped at their storage unit on her way home. It took her an hour to locate the box with the item she sought. Seeing the Ouija board game gave her a shiver. Hopefully this would allow Jace to tell her what happened to him and give her some clue how to get to Cameron before he went to court. 
Her nerves were stretched after the explosion. Lance handled their mother, telling her it was a leaky gas tank and a stray cigarette that caused her car to explode. She knew her brother hated all the lying but she didn’t need their mother finding out Cameron and his friends were coming after her. Jack was in their office three days a week and Sheriff Wilson kept him from finding out so far. She just needed more time.
Lindsay walked the six blocks back to Merriman’s with the Ouija board in her arms, ignoring the honks and slurs from the kids who drove past her, calling her names outside their car windows. She kept her head down, determined she wouldn’t cry.
This was harder than she could have ever known. The kids she went to school with all her life turned on her on a dime, more ticked off their drug supplier was shut down than that he might have killed their star quarterback.
Her eyes filled with anger. Jace deserved better than this from his peers. They should be just as outraged as she was. Jace went out of his way for anybody; kindest to the most bullied kids in school. He used his popularity to influence his friends in that way while he was alive. He was gone now. Cameron slid into the role of king of the school with remarkable ease, as if born to it.
Their crowd went with Cameron. Rosemarie Barber launched an all out campaign against Lindsay now. She heard from Marnie everyone was supposed to boo when she went across the stage to pick up her diploma at graduation commencements. She didn’t care. There was life after Little Bend. She had her whole life ahead of her if she could survive these next weeks.
She entered her apartment and was grateful Marnie and Lance weren’t home. She didn’t need them thinking her crazy for talking to her dead boyfriend. She felt exhilarated as she entered, just knowing Jace was there. The connection they shared was not severed just because he was dead. It helped console her as she faced life without him now.
She removed everything from the coffee table and put the Ouija board down, taking the plastic pointer and setting it down. She got up and retrieved a notebook and pen from her room.
~ ~ ~
Jace smiled as he hovered next to the Ouija board, remembering when Lindsay got it in the ninth grade, determined to contact the soul of her dead cat. He sobered to know she used it to communicate with him now.
She settled herself on the couch and looked around. “Are you here, Jace?”
He focused on the pointer and pushed it to the yes box. He saw her stiffen with excitement.
“Who killed you, Jace?” she asked in a hollow voice.
He painstakingly pushed the pointer to spell Cam’s name. She wrote as he went to each letter. She looked around. 
“Why did he do it? He was your friend. Can you tell me why?”
Jace wished he knew the answer to that. He moved the pointer to the ‘no’ box.
She sighed depressively. “You know about as much as we do.”
Jace wished he knew all the answers. Death gave him nothing but more questions. He pushed the pointer to spell out the words, I- l-o-v-e- you. 
She bit her lip and tears filled her eyes. “I love you too,” she answered and hugged herself around her waist. “Sheriff Wilson gave me a gun tonight, Jace. Cam blew up my mom’s station wagon. He’s making threats against me.”
Jace spelled out the words, d-o-n-t -w-o-r-r-y, but he could see she still did. He moved the pointer and she wrote as he moved from letter to letter. It took forever to make one sentence.
He spelled, I-w-i-l-l-t-a-k-e-c-a-r-e-o-f-C-a-m
Lindsay looked frustrated. “The sheriff gave me back my ring tonight. I found it in Cam’s room and they can’t use it as evidence. Without a confession; he walks. I can’t let that happen.”
Jace wanted to ask what the Hell she was doing in Cam’s room, a feeling of blazing jealousy assailing him, sending the pointer flying across the room. Lindsay jumped and got up to retrieve it, looking about cautiously.
“The only way he goes down for this is if he admits it,” she informed the thin air. “Is that what you want? After what he did to you; can you just let him get away with it?”
Lindsay set down the pointer and he moved it faster, his anger making the energy flow faster. She struggled to keep up with him. What he wrote made her tense.
H-e w-i-l-l p-a-y
“Where did you go, Jace?” she asked curiously. “Did you go to Heaven? Is there such a place?”
Jace didn’t want to burst her bubble about all that. How much should he tell her about Oblivion? Did she need to know? He knew Lindsay would feel bad to know he was trapped there because Cameron murdered him. He decided to not tell her. Lindsay had a lifetime ahead of her. Knowing about the afterlife would only scare her. He had seen nothing of Heaven, only reasonable doubt it even existed.
The pointer moved and she wrote down each letter. He continued to spell. S-t-a-y-e-d- b-e-h-i-n-d-t-o-f-i-n-i-s-h-t-h-i-s
“We’ll finish this, Jace,” she promised and her eyes narrowed. “I won’t rest until Cameron pays for this.”
Jace hesitated to ask what he had to ask her now. He moved the pointer to spell Marnie’s name and the word ‘baby’ after that. Lindsay looked angry then, assuring him she knew he had cheated on her.
“Yeah, I know about it. When you died she couldn’t get the abortion. She’s having it. Lance is standing by her. They don’t know whether it is yours or Cam’s. She’s having a test done on Monday to find out the paternity, but it will take a few weeks,” Lindsay explained, her voice crackling with anger. “Why would you do that, Jace? I didn’t care if you were a virgin. Why didn’t you talk to me?”
He sighed, realizing he had erred greatly in gauging his girlfriend’s reaction to the news. He thought Lindsay would hate him when she found out. She appeared sad and contrite he hadn’t confided in her. It was his own pride that kept him from admitting he’d never been with a girl before Marnie.
He spelled out the obvious.  E-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d
“I wouldn’t have cared,” she replied and sighed and looked down at the board. “I’m not mad anymore. I know why you did it. I just wish you would have talked to me. What if the baby is yours? My brother will stay with her, but how do you think it makes me feel?”
S-o-r-r-y, he spelled.
“Jace, I’m so jealous! I don’t think I can look at that baby if it’s yours and not resent the fact it’s not ours. Do you understand?”
He moved the pointer to the yes box.
“I guess Cameron is trying to keep her here after graduation just to be spiteful, so she has no choice but to prove paternity.”
Jace frowned and moved the pointer around to spell out the deputy’s name.
Lindsay laughed and shook her head. “She claims there’s no chance it’s his. He just got named acting sheriff until the next election after Wilson retires. He doesn’t want to admit he even knew Marnie. Nice guy, huh?”
Jace wasn’t surprised Dooley looked out for himself in this. He never cared for the guy. He hoped for all their sakes the kid was Dan’s. Cam had no claim to it and Lindsay wouldn’t have to be reminded of how he betrayed her every time she looked at the baby.
He paused and spelled out something to change the subject. No use in dwelling on it until the test results came back. They had other things to deal with. The idea that his petite girlfriend was packing a pistol was more than disturbing.
 Thinking of how inept Daphne was reminded him she needed to practice shooting it if it was to be of any protection to her. He could help her with that.
He spelled out ‘gun’ and ‘help you’. She grinned at that and set down her pen.
“I need all the help I can get. If Lance finds out Wilson gave me a gun; he’d lose it. The Sheriff wants me to practice with it.”
Jace spelled out words now to direct her where to go to do that, outside of town and away from prying eyes and ears. He spelled out ‘go to cabin’.
“Yeah, I could do that except I have no car. Lance said for me to hit up my dad for his antique car in the garage, but you know how that goes? It’s his baby. He heard from my mom by now about the station wagon. I can’t see him letting me use it.”
M-y- t-r-u-c-k, Jace spelled. 
“I think it’s still in the impound lot at the sheriff’s department. I’ll ask Sheriff Wilson if I can have it. I doubt he will believe me if I told him you gave me permission.”
Jace laughed at that. No, he doubted that would be believed. He focused on the pointer. He spelled, ‘ask my dad’, and saw her hesitate.
“Jace, after his not showing up to your funeral and turning a blind eye to the kids; I don’t think I could ask him for anything.”
Jace refused to let up. He spelled furiously, the pointer moving fast. J-u-s-t –d-o- i-t
She looked disgusted. “Fine. I’ll go looking for him tomorrow. I never thought I’d see myself buying him a drink, but I need wheels.”
The front door to the apartment was opened and she hastily put the Ouija board under the couch. She sat up as Marnie walked in with her brother. She looked pale and went to lie down. Lance looked slightly withdrawn as he sat down next to her.
“What’s up?” she asked in concern.
“The test is scheduled for Monday in Helena. The results won’t come back until late June at the earliest. Then we have to have them sent to Cameron’s attorney. That means we have to stay here longer than I wanted to.”
Lindsay was relieved it was only that. “We have no choice, right?”
Lance scowled. “Yeah, while these creeps are firebombing my mom’s car trying to get to my sister? Come on! We need to get you out of here. I’m considering flying you out as soon as you graduate. Me and Marnie can stay behind to wait; you can’t.”
“No! I won’t go without you, Lance,” she cried, thinking of leaving Jace and panicking.
Her brother glared at her. “We’re not burying you too, Lindsay.”
“Sheriff Wilson said he’s going to watch the apartment until I leave,” she argued. “So, you see? Everything will be fine.”
He didn’t appear reassured. “If anything happens to you I’ll kill Cameron, Lindsay, and I don’t care what happens to me then. You and Mom are all I got now.”
“What about Dougie and Sara?” she pointed out. “You have them now too.”
He looked away. “They're all weird about me being their brother, Lindsay. I can’t ever take Jace’s place in their eyes. It’ll never be the same.”
“Still, you have to think of Marnie and the baby. She needs you.”
He sighed and looked at her with anger in his gaze. “She’s starting to talk about adoption again, Lindsay.”
Lindsay froze. “But I thought you guys were going to raise it as if it was yours, no matter whose kid it is?”
“It’s her decision; not mine,” he informed her with a sad look. “She doesn’t think I’ll be there for the long haul because of how I left before. Can’t blame her for that. I have a lot to do to convince her.”
“Do you want me to talk to her?” Lindsay asked, feeling for her brother. “She has to realize you weren’t thinking straight then. You no sooner found about Dad and Margene and you found out Everett was your real father. She has to see that you weren’t yourself.”
“Lindsay, leave it alone. It solves a lot of problems for everyone; you as well.”
“Don’t drag me into it,” she snapped and got up from the couch and paced. “I realize it could be Jace’s. I’m prepared for it. I’ll be ok; trust me.”
“I told her that,” he confided in a softer tone, his brown eyes filled with relief to hear her say it. “Marnie just doesn’t want you to hate her or the baby if it’s his.” 
“That’s ridiculous!” Lindsay said harshly and shook her head. “I wouldn’t hold it against her or the baby. I know what happened was just as much my fault as theirs. I pressured him then, not thinking he didn’t know what to do. I had a hand in it too.”
Lance didn’t want to talk about it. She could see it bothered him Marnie had been so willing to instruct Jace in sex. It had to be hard for him to deal with. If she had the baby, they had a hard road ahead of them to get past these truths.
“You’re handling this better than I am, little sister,” he remarked and sighed. “Go ahead and talk to her. I just want her to make a decision and stick to it. This going back and forth is driving me crazy. Just when I get used to the idea of raising some other guy’s kid; she changes her mind.”
Lindsay knew how Marnie must feel. She felt trapped by Cam. If the baby was his; he would make her life miserable. Adoption would end this whole new threat, but the thought of her giving away Jace’s baby made a stab of pain fill her heart. That was when she knew she would accept this baby if it turned out to be Jace’s. The thought of it not being raised by its mother seemed as unfair as his death.
“I’ll talk to her. She needs to stop worrying about Cameron. He has no rights to the baby if he’s in prison and that’s where I mean to send him.”
“She’s stubborn, Lindsay. You don’t know her like I do. She thinks if we just get rid of it; it’ll be like it all never happened. She thinks I hold it against her now.”
“Do you?” Lindsay demanded and glanced at him sharply. “We both know you have a way of frowning on things you don’t like, Lance. You might not come out and say it, but you let people know what you think. Maybe you need to talk to her more than me. You’ll be the father; after all.”
Lance glared at her. “I told her I’ll stand by her. What more can I do?”
“Tell her you forgive her for it, Lance,” his sister insisted. “And mean it. We both know it has to bother you she was with three guys while you were gone.”
Lance grimaced. “It’s my fault. I left her for Margene. I don’t have a right to punish her for being hurt and lashing out. She didn’t care about any of them. I know it’s ridiculous to hold her to a higher standard, but it hurts, Lindsay. The thought of her with other guys tears me up.”
“Tell her that, Lance. Everything you just told me. She needs to know how you feel. A baby is coming and she’ll need you more than ever if it’s Cam’s.”
Lance looked down at his hands. “If it’s his, she wants to give up the baby and I respect how she feels. Considering what Cam did to Jace; can you blame her?” 
“The baby is innocent,” Lindsay argued under her breath, aware Marnie might hear them. “How can she do that?”
“How can she raise a murderer’s baby, Lindsay? What would you do?”
Lindsay shivered, knowing the choice was tough either way. The thought of giving birth to a monster’s baby had to give Marnie nightmares. She would always be looking for some sign that the evil that lurked within Cameron was present in his child. The heartbreaking decision could only be hers.
“It’s her decision, but she can just forget about adoption if it’s Jace’s. A part of me wants to see his baby grow up. I know it sounds crazy but if it’s all that’s left of him; I’d rather see her keep it.”
Lance looked relaxed to hear her say it. “I hoped you’d say that. I told her you would feel comforted from that after the shock wore off.”
“I know Jace loved me, Lance,” she stated in an even tone. “What he did might be seen as cheating, but he did it for me. I can’t hold it against either of them now.”
Chapter Sixteen
Jace was proud of Lindsay as he listened to them speak. She grew up since his death. She thought of other’s feelings more than her own. He knew it took a lot for her to let him and Marnie off the hook. 
The shock to know Lance was his brother left him reeling. He noted the similarities as he watched his half-brother standing with Lindsay. They had the same coloring, dark hair and eyes. Lance was broader than him and looked like Everett now that he really looked. Sara and Dougie were probably freaking out to gain a brother so soon after he died.
“I’ll talk to her and tell her I’m ok with all of this, but you two need to come to more of an understanding, Lance,” Lindsay said to her brother. “A baby is a big commitment, no matter who the dad is.”
Lance got up and looked determined. “I’m going to talk to her. We fought earlier and we both said some things. We need to be united in this is gonna work.”
“Just forgive her, Lance,” Lindsay told him. “She needs to hear it.”
Lance left the room and Jace wanted to hug Lindsay for putting her personal feelings aside for Marnie and her baby. He knew she was wounded over it, but she impressed him now with her words.
  “I meant what I said, Jace,” she said to him, looking around the living room after Lance shut the bedroom door. “I forgive you. I know you didn’t do that to hurt me.”
Jace wanted to take her in his arms and hold her close. He stepped in front of her, staring down into her face with love in his eyes. He reached out and touched her cheek, his hand going through her, feeling her warmth. He longed to be flesh, if only to touch her again. Sorrow filled his eyes to know it was too late for them.
“I know it has to come as a shock to learn Lance is your brother. My mom and dad never told him. That was why he left last year. He told Sara and Dougie and I think it was just too much for them right now. Things are awkward enough. He wanted to do something for them, but they want to stay with my mom and Jack.”
Jace felt relief to know they had a big brother if they wanted one. Lance had a hard road winning over Dougie, but Sara would adjust. The enormity of it made him tense, thinking of his father. Did Everett know?
“Things will work out, Jace. You have to trust me,” his girlfriend whispered.
A hand went to her pale blonde hair, wanting to ruffle it with his fingers as he had in the past. His fingers slid through her and he closed his eyes, enjoying her warmth if nothing else.
She shivered as though she felt it. He could see goose bumps rise up on her arms. He wondered if he felt cold to her. Her hand slid into her pocket and withdrew the ring he intended to give her before he died.
“Sheriff Wilson gave this back to me,” she was saying as she held it. “I just want you to know my answer would have been yes.”
Jace watched as she slid the ring on her finger. He felt something then, a surge within him that made him gasp. She stepped back and her eyes widened in awe. A hand clamped over her mouth.
“Jace, I can see you,” she said hoarsely as her hand slid away and she stared at his image. She reached out and tried to touch him but her hand slid through him. “Say something.”
“This can’t be happening,” he replied and looked at her with a strange look. “Daphne said nobody could see her or hear her.”
“I can see you, Jace,” Lindsay asserted and appeared in awe. “You are all dressed in black, like SWAT or something.”
Tears filled her gaze. He reached out and his hand touched her face. “You don’t know how badly I wanted to smash that Ouija board. I wanted to say so much more to you than that.”
“How is this possible?” she asked in delight.
“It must be the ring,” he said and his handsome face filled with confusion. “I don’t know how this is even possible.”
“Who is Daphne?” Lindsay asked.
“She’s dead too. She went back to check on her son and told me what to expect. She certainly never told me this was possible.”
“Do you think it’s the ring?”
Jace watched her remove it. She frowned and put it back on. “You disappeared when I took it off. It is the ring.”
“Only wear it when we’re alone, Lindsay. We don’t know if anybody else can see me too.”
She gazed at him sorrowfully. “You can’t stay, can you?”
“I have to go back, Lindsay.”
“Where is this place?”
“It’s called Oblivion, a halfway point, not Heaven or Hell, just a stopover. I think I’m there because I was murdered. It gives you time to get used to the idea you’re dead.”
“Are you used to it, Jace?” she asked in a sad tone. “This must be so hard for you.”
“Not knowing if you guys were all alright was the hardest. Waking up dead was a shock.” 
“Is there a God, Jace?” she asked urgently, her eyes holding his.
“I’ve seen nothing yet, Lindsay. I can’t tell you that. I will tell you that you don’t have to be afraid. It’s not how you think it is.”
“What’s it like to be dead?”
“Human functions are no longer necessary. Other than that; I still feel the same. I still love you, Lindsay. I feel it more now.”
“Do you think everything happens for a reason, Jace?”
He frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Maybe we weren’t meant to be together,” she said forlornly, tears brightening her gaze. “Why else would this have happened to us?”
“Lindsay, don’t say that. Cameron just interrupted our lives. Fate has nothing to do with this. I can reassure you on that. I wasn’t meant to die. That’s why I’m still here.”
Relief filled her gaze. “How do I live without you?”
“How did I die without you, Lindsay?” he asked with a sad smile. “It’s just the way it is. I know you want me to say something to make you feel better, but here we are. I’m a ghost and you’re alive. For now; we make the best of it.”
Lindsay wanted to bawl her eyes out as she faced him, seeing him and hearing him, but unable to touch him. It was a cruel reminder of all that they lost. Still, knowing he came back to her was some hope. Just hearing his voice once more made her happy. Getting used to him being dead was hard. His ghost could only comfort her now.
“I want to be with you, Jace,” she said in a tight voice. “Nothing I wanted seems important anymore. I don’t want to live without you.”
He looked angry. “Don’t you ever say that! You’re alive, Lindsay. It’s the way it is. Don’t you talk like that! You have a whole wonderful life ahead of you. Some day you’ll meet someone else. You’ll get over this.”
She bit back a sob. “I’ll never feel for anyone the way I do for you, Jace. How can I ever settle for this? You can’t expect me to!”
Jace knew she was close to falling apart. He wanted to reassure her that the future for them both was as cut and dry as he made it sound. He didn’t even know that for sure. 
“I expect you to live and do everything you planned to do, Lindsay,” he reminded her solemnly, heart in his eyes. “Don’t let Cameron steal that from you too. Live your life. It’s what I want for you.”
She refused to answer him. The thought of ever getting beyond this moment was forgotten as Lance opened the bedroom door and she hastily slid off the ring.
“Who were you talking to?” he asked as he looked around.
She wiped at her eyes. “I was talking to someone from school. They called to give their condolences. I guess I got a little teary.”
His expression softened and he came and hugged her. “You are gonna be ok, Lindsay. I know you don’t believe it, but it’s true. I’m here for you. If you ever want to talk about my little brother, we can do that. I loved him too.”
“It’s funny how you always called him your little brother, and he was the whole time.”
“I wish I would have known the truth,” he said in regret and shook his head. “It goes to show you how short life is and how so much time is wasted.”
“Mom wanted to tell you for years,” Lindsay said with a sniffle. “Dad was afraid it would mess everything up if you knew.”
 “Looks like everything is pretty messed up anyway,” he pointed out.
“Dad will come around; you’ll see.”
Lance looked unconcerned. “Lindsay, do you think he’s just going to forget about me and Margene? Do you think knowing that kid she’s having could be mine sits well with him?”
She didn’t know what to say. He was her real father and she hadn’t seen or heard from him since she got the hundred dollars for her pictures and announcements. Her heart hurt for Lance. The only father he ever knew turned his back on him and the real one didn’t stay sober long enough to even acknowledge him. 
“It’s his loss, Lance.”
“Lindsay, that’s not the point. He’s known for years I wasn’t his. Margene was just the excuse he needed to push me away once and for all. Don’t act like everything is going to ever go back the way it was.”
“So you’re just going back to Georgia without trying to fix things?”
 “I’ve tried all my life to get it right with him, Lindsay. I always wondered why nothing I ever did seemed good enough for him and now I know. No, I won’t bother. It’s done. I’m Lance Turner, not Morgan, by the way. It’s even on my birth certificate.”
“What?” she asked and looked confused.
He smiled coldly. “He married Mom when Everett dumped her but he wanted to be sure he didn’t get stuck paying child support if it didn’t work out. Everett’s name is on my birth certificate. She told me he insisted on it from the beginning. What does that tell you about our good old dad?”
Lindsay was too stunned to say anything. The father she thought she knew continued to disappoint her. He had to have heard about the station wagon exploding. Where was his call of concern?
“Are you going to try to have a relationship with Everett?”
He laughed and looked down at her with real amusement in his face. “After what Jace went through all these years; do you really think that’s going to happen, Lindsay? Why is it so hard for you to accept the finality of things? I don’t have a father anymore; period. I think you’re more upset about it than I am.”
“I just can’t really believe it’s that easy to just forget you have a son, for either of them.”
Lance rolled his eyes. “You’re just softhearted like Mom. She wanted to tell me for years and he refused to let her. He said he worried I wouldn’t accept him. He just didn’t want me to know why he treated me like crap all of my life. Now I know and it won’t ever go back to the way it was. I don’t want him in my life.”
“Is Mom ok with all of this?”
“She isn’t thrilled. She wants us to sit down and talk about it.”
“Maybe you should listen to her.”
“For the first time in a long time everything makes sense, Lindsay. I don’t have to live up to anything or live anything down. Leave it alone.”
She nodded. “I just feel like you’re running away again, Lance.”
“No if I was running I’d be gone right now and not waiting for Marnie’s test and your graduation, trust me,” he said and grinned. “Don’t push it. The thought crossed my mind.”
“Did you and Marnie talk?”
Lance shrugged. “She’s scared, Lindsay. She’s scared to have it and scared to give it up. I can’t help her make this decision. If it’s the wrong one, she’ll always think I influenced it because the kid’s not mine.”
Lindsay felt bad for the position Marnie was in. Abandoned by her parents now, the girl couldn’t make these choices easily on her own. She worried Lance would walk out and leave her to raise a baby alone. Trust was the biggest issue between them. 
Lance’s return should have reassured her. It didn’t. Marnie expected him to run out on her at the first sign of trouble. Another girl talk was long overdue. Lindsay didn’t look forward to it, but Lance was her brother. She knew him best.
“I’ll talk to her when things calm down,” she told him. “I’ll tell her you’re an idiot but you always do the right thing in the end.”
“Thanks a lot.”
“If she’s going to be my sister-in-law she needs to toughen up.”
“Marnie is lying down. Why don’t we go get dinner?”
“Sure, I’m just going to change,” Lindsay said and left the room, hoping Jace followed.
She closed her bedroom door and put the ring back on. Jace leaned against the wall next to her closet. He was smiling in that way he always did. A pang of longing struck her once more. 
“He’s doing the right thing. This has to be Marnie’s choice whether she keeps it or not, Lindsay. You need to stay out of it. You aren’t the one who has to have the baby.”
She scowled at him. “What if it’s yours?”
He shrugged. “Since when does a guy ever get a choice in things like this? You girls never think of us at all.”
“And if you had a choice?”
Jace smiled sadly. “I’m dead, remember? Don’t ask me what I think about life now. I’d give anything to be alive right now.”
“You haven’t answered me.”
“I think we both know I want her to keep it.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s hers and mine maybe; that’s why. Life isn’t for anyone to take away because it isn’t convenient, Lindsay,” he stated coolly and avoided her eyes. “Let’s just say I’m selfish now that I’m dead. A part of me might live on in that kid. Why wouldn’t I feel this way? When I was alive I intended to pay for an abortion. I know it sounds messed up, but I see it all so different now. Life is the greatest gift you can give or get. We don’t even see it as a miracle until it’s gone.”
“Did it bother you when she came to you for help?”
“It bothered me that she had to come to me at all,” he explained and looked disgusted. “Cam put her off for months. By then, she had a short time until it was too late to get it done. That’s what bothered me. Cam refused to own up to it. I was seeing him in a whole different light and didn’t like it.”
“Why did he do it, Jace?”
He frowned. “I wracked my brain trying to figure out why he killed me. He knew he had the scholarship in the bag when I told him I wasn’t leaving. The thing with Marnie didn’t bother him. I don’t know. I didn’t do anything to deserve this if that’s what you’re asking?”
He sounded defensive to her. She rushed to reassure him. “Of course you didn’t. That’s not what I meant. I just don’t get it.”
“Join the club. Maybe he’s sick and doesn’t need a reason.”
Lindsay saw the way his eyes slid away from hers and knew he was hiding something from her, even now. She realized right there and then she didn’t know everything about Jace as she thought. Everyone had secrets.
“Did you know he was dealing drugs?”
Jace looked at her in surprise and she knew he hadn’t known.
 “No, I didn’t mess with drugs and didn’t know he did. A little pot once in awhile and that’s it. I swear this is news to me. Where was I all this time? Under a rock?”
She laughed brightly, for she felt the same. Being under a rock with Jace right about now was preferable to a future without him. 
“Trust me; I felt the same way when I heard it. Even Sara knew. When the police searched his room they found enough drugs to charge him. That’s why he’s after me now.”
“There is something I considered as soon as I realized he did this; just a gut reaction,” he said quietly and his eyes met hers. “He had a thing about you for years. I knew it, but I figured it was just a crush.”
“He hates me. I can assure you,” she replied dismissively and avoided mentioning the night Cameron drugged her. Jace didn’t need to hear about how his murderer nearly raped her.
“No, it all makes sense. I showed him the ring in town and told him I was going to propose to you. He asked me to take him to Marnie’s house after that. He acted real funny that morning on the way out there.”  
“I refuse to think he killed you to get a shot with me, Jace.”
“Why? You’re beautiful, Lindsay. You’re smart and have a lot going for you. Why is it so hard for you to think that he killed me because he’s obsessed with you?”
Lindsay thought of all the times Cameron went out of his way to be around her over the years, using his friendship with Jace as an excuse. She had never given it much thought before. 
Jace was barely cold in his grave when he drugged her and intended to rape her. But he hadn’t. For some reason he left her alone, unlike all the other girls he had done it to before, like Marnie. Was it true? Was Cameron obsessed with her? Is that the only reason he killed Jace?
“I don’t want to think it was because of me. That’s too much for me right now. I’ll just torture myself thinking about it.”
“He’s sick, that much is clear,” Jace offered and heard noise from the living room. “Go eat with your brother, or our brother, rather. God, this is odd. We aren’t related now are we?”
She laughed. “No, we aren’t related at all.”
Jace grinned and winked at her. “Good because I don’t think of you as a sister.”
Lindsay watched as Jace turned and walked through her bedroom wall into the kitchen beyond and shook her head. She would never get used to his being a ghost now. As incredible as it was; he was back. She was determined not to dwell upon the fact it was temporary. Lance was wrong. She did accept the finality in some things. Jace was lost to her forever.
Lindsay was miles away as she and Lance sat in the diner. She was distracted by her thoughts of Jace and the wonder that he was back. Her brother threw a fry at her to get her attention and she plucked it from her hair and regarded him sourly.
“Earth to Lindsay?” he asked teasingly. “Where are you at, little sister?”
“I’m sorry,” she apologized. “I have a lot on my mind.”
Lance raised his hand to Melva, the old waitress, wanting the check. “You want to run anything by me?”
“Do you believe it ghosts, Lance?”
Her brother frowned. “Ghosts? No, I don’t. Why?”
She shrugged and avoided his gaze. “I just wondered about it that’s all.”
“Is this about Jace?”
“What if there was life after death?”
He looked frustrated. “I suppose anything is possible. I wouldn’t want to find out.”
Lindsay knew Lance worried she was losing it so she monitored her words carefully.
“I guess I just question everything now with what happened to Jace. Being murdered changes things. It cuts a destiny short. It makes me wonder if anything is really meant to be.”
“Lindsay, he had no control over what happened to him. He could have walked out in front of a truck too. What’s your point?”
“Just that maybe there is no ultimate plan for us. It’s out of our hands and things just happen. We have no predestined time to go like everyone thinks.”
He sat back in the booth. “Why are you dwelling on this? Let it go. It’s just going to torture you.” 
“I had to think everything happened for a reason before and now I’m not so sure.”
“Death is the end, Lindsay. If there was more we would have heard about it, right?”
Lindsay believed the people who saw that light didn’t know the half of it. From what Jace told her, there was a whole other dimension out there. The wonder of it held her fast. Her beliefs were all challenged now. Jace hadn’t seen anything to indicate God even existed where he was. Even if it bothered her to think there was no higher power, she felt relief to know some of life’s questions were answered.
“I wanted to believe in Heaven and all that. I’m starting to think Heaven is on earth, Lance. What happens after depends on how you lived, good or bad.”
He appeared uncomfortable. They both had pretty loose religious training. They went to church sporadically over the years. Deborah wasn’t a consistent Catholic and their father worked most Sundays at the hardware store. 
“Let’s hope you’re wrong. I want to think of my brother as an angel. He was too good of a guy to hang out in some dark, scary place.”
Lindsay wanted to tell Lance everything but held back. If she started spouting off about what she knew he would put her on a plane to Aunt Billie. They finished up and he paid the check. While they waited for a take-out box for Marnie, they saw Cam’s car zoom by.
Lance glared after the Mustang. She knew the fact Jace’s murderer walked freely among them bothered him as much as her. They were in agreement on that. The gun in her purse felt leaden as she rose and followed her brother out of Reddy’s diner. The desire to pull it out and go after Cameron made her hand itch.
She sat in the car and held the purse comfortingly. The gun was a security. Just knowing she had it gave her some measure of reassurance. Now all she had to do was learn to use it. She was reminded of Jace’s truck. Lance could help her with that. He made it a point of keeping up with Everett every day now. He could get his father to sign off on the truck so she could get it from the impound lot. 
“I need a favor of you,” she began.
“Sure, what do you need?”
“I want Jace’s truck. Everett has to sign off in order to have it taken out of impound. Jace would have wanted me to have it and you know I need wheels now. Can you do that for me?” 
“Sure, I’ll see him first thing tomorrow before he’s too far gone. Are you sure you can handle it, Lindsay?”
She nodded. “I want his truck. It’s just sitting there and I could use it while I’m here.”
“I’m surprised that old rust-bucket still runs.”
“Jace kept it going.”
“He was a great guy, Lindsay. I know there’s nothing anyone can say to make you feel better, but someday you’ll see him again.”
Lindsay smiled, knowing someday was in minutes. Jace was at her apartment, waiting on her. Whatever she could learn from his ghost made her anxious to get back. He was here for a reason. 
Unfinished business was just too easy for her to believe. She wanted to think her love for him brought him back, if nothing else. He would help her trap Cameron. He claimed it was his sole purpose for being here now. They would get Cameron. She had to believe it.
Chapter Seventeen
Jace sat on the couch and watched Marnie cry. He felt helpless. She got up from her nap and realized she was alone. She didn’t find the note Lance left for her on the table. He helped it along by moving the note. She overlooked it. He could see the torment in her face as her hand went to her slightly rounded stomach.
The thought of his baby growing there made him feel strangely content. He wished he had some power to know such things, but he would have to wait with everyone else when her test results came back.
Marnie looked down at the brochure from the adoption agency and her hand trembled as she set it down on the coffee table. Her slight frown told him the decision to give up the baby troubled her. 
He was frustrated he couldn’t talk to her. He wanted to reassure her no matter whose kid it was everything would work out. Lance was determined to make it work. She had to have faith now. Girls like Marnie always expected the worst; never thinking they deserved better. 
Jace focused his energy on the brochure. His anger lashed out at it and flung it from the table. It landed on the floor. He forced it across the carpet until he reached the kitchen. He picked it up and it hovered on the air until he reached the trash bin where he let it go. It whispered into the bin.
Marnie sat stunned as she watched it go. Her hazel eyes filled with terror. He could see her face grow taut with fear. She jumped up and looked around, backing away to the bedroom. She ran inside the room and slammed the door shut and locked it. He smiled, thinking he made his point. She would think twice before she made that appointment next week.
Jace heard Lance’s car pull in and was relieved. Marnie was probably freaking out. Lindsay would be mad at him for revealing himself. He couldn’t sit back and let her suffer with the choice she needed to make. The life inside her wasn’t an inconvenience. 
Lindsay entered the apartment and was anxious to talk more with Jace. Lance set down the take-out box and frowned when he found his bedroom locked.
“Open up, Marnie. I brought you something to eat,” he called, jiggling the doorknob.
“I’m not coming out!” she cried from inside. “Something’s out there! I saw it move things!”
Lindsay cringed to know Jace got into mischief.
“Open the door, Marnie. Nobody’s here but us. You just had a bad dream.”
“I saw it!”
Lindsay went to her room and shut the door as Lance tried to coax Marnie to open the bedroom door. She took the ring out of her pocket and put it on. Jace laughed at her accusing look. He sat on top of her dresser smirking.
“Did you have to do that?” she asked in a whisper.
“She needed help from a higher power,” Jace informed her smugly, grinning. “I couldn’t resist. I don’t think she’s confused anymore.”
“She’s locked herself in the bedroom and won’t come out. You scared her to death.”
“Marnie needs a wakeup call, Lindsay. She has to come to terms with this baby. It’s coming whether she likes it or not.”
“Just try to stay low key, okay? We don’t need them knowing your ghost is here.”
Jace laughed and rolled his eyes. “Fine, but don’t think she’s not aware of it already.”
“She’s yanking my brother’s chain daily. He’s trying to be there for her but she keeps going back and forth. Maybe once she knows whose baby it is she’ll calm down.”
“If it’s Cam’s; she can’t give it up without his permission.”
“The lady at the agency said it’s up to her.”
Jace shook his head. “He can make it hard, take her to court. Don’t think he won’t do it.”
“I know it sounds bizarre, but I pray it’s yours.”
“We all do. It makes sense, but only time will tell.”
“Are you nervous?” she asked.
Jace frowned. “More than I thought. Thinking I might have a kid has haunted me since I died. I knew I failed to get to her in time. So many things went undone after that.”
“Lance said your dad will sign off on the truck for me.”
“Chicken,” he mocked and his brown eyes twinkled. “You always did have a problem with my dad. He’s just a drunk, not a monster, Lindsay. Why does he make you so nervous?”
She looked at his transparent image, her eyes sad. “Before I didn’t want to face what he was. I guess I kept you separate from all that. Now, I’m just mad enough to drag him off that bar stool and yell at him about what a waste he’s made of his life and his kids.”
“He isn’t ready to face all that.”
“He abandoned you, Jace. He forced you to step up all those years. When I think of it; I just hate him for making your time here tough.”
Jace sighed and gazed at her with remorse in his eyes. “The hardest thing for me was to realize I had no control over what happens now, Lindsay. I can’t make my dad quit drinking. I can’t make you move on and do everything you said you would do. I can’t guarantee Dougie and Sara will make it either. I only hope me coming back makes you realize I’m okay and you don’t need to worry about me. I want you to be happy one day; even if it’s without me.”
“I can’t think of that now,” she shot back, eyes filled with anger. “Don’t ask me to forget you, Jace. That won’t ever happen.”
“Don’t make me into something I wasn’t either, Lindsay. I wasn’t perfect. Look what I did to Marnie? Just realize you have a new path to take. I just don’t want you throwing away everything because of me.”
“Seems to me what happened with you and Marnie was my fault too.”
He looked pained to hear her words. “I did that. Don’t blame yourself. I didn’t feel comfortable either; if it makes you feel better. I just wanted everything to be perfect for you. I worried I would ruin it. It’s no excuse for what I did.”
“In a roundabout way it tells me how much you loved me, Jace.”
“Don’t ever doubt it, Lindsay. You’re all I ever wanted when I was alive. Now that I’m dead; I just want to make sure you don’t let me hold you back.”
“Don’t expect me to run out and find another guy!”
“Oh, he’ll find you. He’s gonna feel the way I did when we met. He just needs you to give him a chance.”
Lindsay didn’t want to talk about the future. It hurt too much. He talked about it like it should be so easy for her to move on without him. Didn’t he know a piece of her soul died with him? An ache that would never ease formed once she knew he was gone. No other man would ever take his place in her heart. She knew it so absolutely she feared the future, knowing she would be alone.
   “Can we not have this talk?” she asked coolly. “I just lost you! Forgive me if I’m still grieving while you try to marry me off.”
Jace smiled at the anger in her voice. “Easy, don’t be mad. I know I’m asking you for something you can’t give me right now. I just want to know you’ll be okay when I leave, Lindsay. When does anyone get a chance to say goodbye like this?”
“Is that what this is?” she demanded. “Is this just goodbye? Is that the only reason you came back?”
“Lindsay, I can’t stay here. All I would do is hold you back. I came back to make sure everyone was alright and Cameron is off the streets. I never planned to stay.”
Lindsay felt fresh anguish to know he was right. How could she be so selfish to expect him to stay with her like this? Self-loathing filled her to know how much she loved Jace. She would have him in whatever form she could; even a ghost.
“I just can’t think of being without you.”
~ ~ ~
He could see her struggle and it tore out his heart to know he couldn’t allow this. He had to leave. The longer he stayed, the more she would cling to the past and what they had. Regret filled his eyes to know the lifetime they were denied was felt every moment they spent together now. 
“Do you think this is any easier for me?” he asked with an angry look and threw up his hands. “Do you think it makes me happy to know you’re gonna meet some other guy one day and fall in love and forget about us? It’s going to happen, Lindsay. I’m dead! We can’t be the way we were before. It’s not fair to you and I have to go back and see what comes next.”
“It’s not fair for you to rub it in either! I’m not ready to live without you, Jace!”
He saw her tears and felt a stab of pain. “Let’s just finish this thing with Cameron. Then I can rest easy.”
She nodded and wiped away at her tears. “I don’t want to fight with you. Just don’t talk about what happens when you leave.”
Jace came close, his hand sliding through her basking in her living warmth. She shivered at the touch, feeling the coldness there. 
“Do you feel that? What does it feel like? You’re warm.”
“It feels cold,” she said and her eyes filled with emotion. “I wish we had just one more minute left so I could kiss you again Jace.”
His head lowered and his lips fluttered against her warm ones making her shiver again. She felt the icy touch of cool air and no more. Disappointment filled her gaze as he raised his head and she met his brown eyes.
“That’s what I miss most; all the wasted time we took for granted. I can think of every minute of every day I didn’t do this or that. If I’d known I would have treasured every second.”
“People don’t think about it until it’s too late, Jace.”
“Don’t ever forget it, Lindsay. Don’t die with regrets.”
“What’s your biggest regret of all?”
He smiled tenderly and his hand slid into her pale hair wishing he could feel its silky texture, disappearing and reappearing. 
“I regret pushing you away. It wasn’t just about sex for me. It was about being with you in every way, knowing you so completely. It scared the Hell out of me sometimes to think of being that close to you.”
Lindsay felt it too. She knew it would have been worse to lose him as she had. They never had those moments or felt those emotions. To be with Jace in that way was forever denied her now. 
Resentment was felt to know Marnie had that knowledge of him, making her feel a sense of bitterness when she admitted it to herself. The biting jealousy was there, whether she chose to accept it.
“At least we have right now,” she whispered and her hand reached up to slide through his image, feeling her hand merge with his coldness.
Jace stepped back, overwhelmed with how her nearness still affected him. It was torture to not be able to touch her and really feel her. She couldn’t know his torment, how thoughts of her churned inside him like a living thing. 
He loved her more now, realized it with a sinking heart. He would never get passed this. He couldn’t tell her that and burden her with it. Life was for the living and regret was for the dead. 
“It will never be enough,” was all he said and looked away, unable to look upon her perfect features. “Just know I feel the same as I did that night I left you at your door, Lindsay.”
They were interrupted by Lance’s loud voice imploring Marnie to open the door. Lindsay giggled and shook her head.  
“Don’t rattle her cage anymore. Her nerves are shot.”
Jace grinned as he heard Lance begging Marnie now. 
“She didn’t know what she wanted. It was worth it even if I did scare the crap out of her.”
“What now? When are you going after Cameron?” she asked and her eyes filled with dread.
“Tonight. I see no reason to let him sleep easy with what he’s done. I’m going to haunt his ass real good. He’s going to beg to be arrested just to get away from me.”
Lindsay looked at him doubtfully. “He’s nuts, Jace. It’ll take more than a ghost to shake him up.”
Jace smiled as he thought about the ghosts who wandered around Little Bend without purpose. They were bored. Maybe they could help him. The desire to torment his murderer gave him pause. 
Never a vindictive person in life; this desire to punish was new to him. He questioned what he did now. One look at his flesh and blood girlfriend reminded him Cameron deserved everything he got and more.
Knowing Cameron was threatening her made him anxious to begin. A visit from him might just make his best friend rethink going after Lindsay. He had to try. She brought him up to speed on the investigation and they sat together quietly. She wasn’t likely to get a confession out of Cameron. Maybe if he helped it along, he would sing of his guilt to the highest corner of Little Bend.
“You let me worry about our buddy Cameron,” he told her in a voice that made her shiver at its sheer ruthlessness. This wasn’t the Jace she knew at all. “He’s gonna be sorry he ever picked up that knife.”
“Be careful, Jace.”
He chuckled and rolled his eyes at her words. “What’s he gonna do; kill me? I’m already dead, Lindsay. He’s going to feel every bit of my anger before I’m done with him.”
She stared at him and hesitated to speak. “Can you…hurt him, Jace?”
He smiled without humor making her blood run cold. “I’m going to try.”
The bargaining going on outside the bedroom intruded once more. Lindsay shook her head as she approached the door to her room, looking at him reproachfully. 
“I’m going to try and get Marnie to come out of their room now. You know the way out. Just don’t wake me up when you come back. I’m dead tired and have an early shift tomorrow.”
Jace watched her take off the ring and put it in her pocket before she opened the door and went out. He stepped through the walls until he reached the stairs outside. Then he ran, blazing through town like a blur. He was felt like a cold icy blast of wind none remarked on as he blew by them.
He stood in front of Cameron’s house and frowned. He stepped through the walls and found Marianne Chase berating her son for sitting around playing video games and ignoring his chores. 
His former friend was wearing a tee shirt and sweats and looked annoyed as his mother paced before him in the wreck room, her overly made-up face glowing with displeasure. 
Her teased orange hair didn’t even move as she stalked angrily around the room, snatching up beer cans in disgust. Her blue eyes were narrowed in anger as she regarded her youngest son.
“This has to stop, Cameron,” Marianne snapped as she poured out an ashtray into a paper bag. “You have a week left of school and two until your hearing. You need to get it together! Partying night after night isn’t going to help you pass your finals.”
“What’s the point now?” he asked in a sullen tone. “We both know I won’t graduate, Mom. They’re letting me walk just because Coach Dawes asked them to.”
She glared at him. “You need three credits to graduate. They said you can make it up this summer. Maybe if you hadn’t run off Lindsay; you would have a shot at passing.”
Cameron glowered at his mother as she cleaned his party room, muttering under her breath. His blue eyes were filled with resentment. He had an ugly gleam in his eyes. 
“I didn’t run Lindsay off! She quit on me! Then she turned me in to the cops! Get it right!”
Marianne eyed her son in disapproval as she continued to clean around him.
 “Quit blaming everybody else for your problems, Cam. The therapist told you to take responsibility and ownership for what you do. Lindsay didn’t make you sell drugs and she didn’t make you fail three classes. You did this to yourself. You better get it together. Your father isn’t too happy with you right now.”
“What else is new?” he snapped and stood up, glaring at her. “He isn’t ever happy with me.”
“That’s not true and you know it. This whole thing with Jace’s murder has him upset. You know he cares about you.”
“He’s just mad he has to spend the money on an attorney for me, Mom!”
“He doesn’t believe you did this anymore than anyone else, Cam. He’s just upset like the rest of us that you’ve been accused.”
Her son looked at his mother with a flat expression. “He probably thinks I did it, knowing him.”
“Did you do it?” Marianne asked with a raised eyebrow.
“No! I didn’t do anything!”
“Alright then; the truth will set you free,” she snapped and picked up the empty twelve-pack from the floor. “Now clean the rest of this up before he gets home.”
Marianne walked right through him and Jace coughed from her overwhelming perfume. Cam made a face at her back and sat back down. He took a joint out of his rolling tray under the card table where he sat and went to light it up.
Jace smiled coldly and concentrated on the joint, his anger palpable the longer he regarded his killer. Cameron went to light it with a purple Bic and it went flying from his lips to land on the floor at his feet. Cameron frowned and bent to pick it up. Jace sent it sailing across the room.
Cameron stared at the joint in disbelief as it moved across the floor on its own. He looked scared as he stood quickly, upsetting he card table with a clatter. He stepped around the table and chased down his joint. Jace moved it away at the last second, sending it back where it started.
“What’s going on?” Cameron growled as he followed it. “Is somebody playing some kind of a game?”
Jace reclined on the back of the leather sofa against the wall and gazed at the empty beer bottles on the card table. His rage sent them flying at Cameron, all three hitting him smartly about the head and shoulders before they tumbled to the carpet.
He glared and looked around. “Who’s here? Matt if that’s you; I’m gonna kick your ass! Come out and quit playing games!”
A Miller Lite mirror faced Cameron on the wall where Jace was sitting watching him. It was dusty. Jace smiled as he used his own finger to move across the mirror, spelling it out for his former friend. Cameron hadn’t noticed it yet, still yelling at his friends to come out. He finally saw what was written in dust and froze, stepping near, his face seeming to pale.
 You will pay for killing me.
Jace enjoyed the expression on his killer’s face as he wiped his hand through the writing, clearing it before his disbelieving expression. Cameron backed away, looking scared now.
“You’re dead! This isn’t real!”
Jace looked at the ceiling fan above and a hard mental push sent it spinning around, making Cam jump and swear as he backed away. He moved to the sliding glass doors. Jace saw him try to open them. He kept locking them, forcing Cameron to stay there.
“None of this is real,” Cameron whispered a bit hysterically as he clawed at the glass door. “I killed you, man. You’re dead!”
Jace sent a whole shelf of football trophies flying at that, his dark eyes filled with fury. The trophies smacked Cameron hard, making him cover his head with his hands and duck as they sailed at him.
“You’re dead, you asshole! Go away!” Cameron cried as he continued to get clobbered with trophies, grunting as one hit his forehead, causing it to bleed from a deep cut.
Jace was so enraged now he couldn’t stop if he wanted to. He sent such a powerful pulse of anger through the room, he overturned furniture, sent knick knacks and sports gear flying, and created such a storm of debris; Cameron dropped to all fours and crawled towards the door.
“Leave me alone, Jace!” he shouted as he crawled to the door. “You aren’t real! I got rid of you! I saw you die! This isn’t real…it isn’t real.”
Jace pummeled him with whatever he could lift with his mind in fury, sending a volley of items at Cameron, wounding him, battering him until he was limp and bloody. He lifted a bowling ball in midair and was about to use it to smash Cameron’s head in when he stopped and got himself under control. 
Jace could see Cam was unconscious. His mind let the ball go and it thumped to the floor and rolled away. The room was destroyed now. Cameron was covered with cuts and bruises, lying unmoving with blood seeping from the wound on his forehead. 
Jace focused and a pulse moved his body with the force of his rage and was satisfied when he lifted him. He opened the sliding glass doors and moved the hovering Cameron through the air to dangle above the pool cover. 
Jace thought it was time his buddy woke up and released his mental hold. He watched him drop to the center of the pool cover, bringing the rest of the cover to wrap around him like a taco.
Jace heard Marianne screaming as she ran outside. He watched her son come to and struggle amid the pool cover, floundering and sputtering as the sinking nylon sucked him down. Hatred made his dark eyes glow as he watched Cameron go under.  
Marianne’s screams brought neighbors running. The neighbor guy and his companions pulled the cover taut and brought Cameron to the surface. They were able to grab onto him and pull him out. 
Jace watched the neighbor guy perform mouth to mouth and smiled grimly when Cameron began vomiting up pool water on the deck. He lay weakly as his mother called 911. 
Jace turned away and walked through the walls of the Chase house until he reached Cameron’s Mustang parked in the driveway. He stared hard at the windshield until it shattered in a million pieces that blew out in every direction with a loud, resounding explosion of glass. The car alarm was going off. An intense look sent the tires flat. He walked away feeling satisfied that he sent his former best friend a message from beyond. He was just getting started.
Chapter Eighteen
Ghosts stood at the end of the driveway in a crowd, watching him. They stared at him in confusion as he drew near. A guy who looked like a computer nerd looked at him in growing anger.
“What did you do that for? That’s why ghosts have a bad name, buddy; that right there.”
Jace looked at the guy and grinned. “Sorry, but he murdered me. Guess you could say I was still mad about it. Sorry.”
The ghosts all looked at him in growing understanding and commiseration then. They gathered around him, all talking at the same time.
“He’s going to get us in trouble!” the nerd whined.
“Shut up, Artie,” a lady who liked like a librarian from the 60’s snapped. “You’re not the boss here.”
“Do you want us to give him the treatment, kid?” an old man named Sal with a Brooklyn accent asked and chuckled. “Reminds me of the old days. Too bad I don’t have a piano wire.”
“What’s the treatment?” Jace replied with a pleased expression. “Can you make him wish he were dead?”
“We can do better than that, kid,” Sal replied and chuckled. “Happy to help. Makes the time go by faster.”
“Make his life a living Hell,” Jace ordered and was pleased when they all nodded and agreed to torment his murderer.
“Hey, how did he kill ya, kid?” the old man inquired.
“He stabbed me sixty-seven times when I wasn’t looking,” Jace told them and they looked outraged, even the nerdy-looking man. “Then he tried to steal my girl; even stole all my money too.”
Gasps and outraged comments flew. The ghosts looked fit to be tied to hear about what happened to him.
“Do you know this guy?” another female ghost asked in an angry tone.
Jace frowned and felt his anger diminish. “Yeah, he was my best friend at the time.”
More gasps and swearing flew at his words. He could see Cameron’s fate was sealed the minute the other ghosts knew the facts. He could look forward to them driving him crazy on a daily basis now. 
The mutterings grew louder; the expressions angrier. Jace was assured Cameron would never have another peaceful night with them on watch. They worked this neighborhood, all having lived here when they died over the last century or so. 
They were bound here, unable to leave. He wished he could tell them why. He didn’t even know, feeling such empathy for them he wished he could tell them something. Daphne was right. He couldn’t help anyone. But he could get even.
~ ~ ~
Gary chuckled when he reread the report, glancing up at Dan in the doorway of his office and laughed even harder. The acting sheriff reddened under his amused regard. 
“You’re really gonna file this?” Gary asked and waved the report Dan wrote up of what happened at the Chase house earlier that day. “Ghosts? You gotta be kidding? The kid’s nuts!”
Dan defended his report. “He said he couldn’t see who or what attacked him. His mom said nobody was there when he was pulled out of the pool. I just wrote what they told me.”
Gary shook his head, grinning. “You believe him?”
“I’m not an idiot, Gary,” Dan snapped. “You saw the kid. Somebody beat the tar out of him and destroyed that room. He claims it was Jason Turner’s ghost, so I’m assuming he’s not willing to tell us who beat him up.”
Gary raised an eyebrow. “Sounds like the ghost had his reasons.”
“I knew you’d come back to that,” Dan grumbled. “Marianne says Cam’s been in a funk since he lost the scholarship and has to go to summer school. She said he hasn’t been getting a lot of sleep. He’s been partying a lot. I think he just fell down and hit his head.”
“You got an explanation for the damage to the room too?” Gary asked.
“None that you would accept,” the deputy-turned-sheriff said sourly.
“Dan, we both know a ghost didn’t waltz in there and destroy that room,” Gary informed the younger man. “I think Cameron’s suppliers are getting anxious to get paid back for what we confiscated.”
“You could be right.”
“We got two pounds of dope and a boat load of prescription drugs from his room. Don’t tell me the kid paid for it up front,” Gary told him with a sound of disgust. “No, he got it all fronted and the suppliers want payback. Welcome to drug dealing. That’s what I think.”
“Marianne told me off the record Cam’s been having problems with his dad. After he lost the scholarship his dad told him to get out after he graduates.”
“You expect me to feel sorry for him after what he did to the Turner kid, Dan?”
“No, but it explains his erratic behavior now.”
Gary glared at Dan. He really was clueless. “He’s a psychopath, Dan. That explains his erratic behavior. He’s also asking for it with these dealers in Helena. They obviously sent him a warning. Pay up or else.”
Dan appeared to be listening, but Gary could see the resentment flaring in his gaze. Every time he gave the younger man pointers he saw that same look. Dooley had seven months to go as acting sheriff. 
Gary had no doubt he would get voted out the next election. The higher ups were talking about bringing in a guy from Helena with more experience to run for the office.
  “Marianne says he’s been in therapy this whole last year. She says he has anger issues.”
“Yeah, after stabbing his best friend to death; I can see that,” Gary muttered dryly. “I can tell you how this will end, Dan. We’re gonna find Cameron Chase face down one of these days with a bullet in the back of his head. These people don’t mess around. I figure if he walks on the murder charge; the dealers will get him by the end of the year.”
Gary could tell Dan was irritated he continued to insist Cameron was guilty. 
“Yeah, well if they can find him by then. Marianne said he’s leaving for his grandparent’s place when the charges are dropped. She doesn’t want anyone to know where he’s at. She thinks he’ll get probation for the theft.”
“Oh, I have no doubt he’s gonna walk for Jace Turner’s murder. His buddies in Helena are going to track him down; you can bet on that.”
“You hope for it, don’t you, Gary?” Dan asked in irritation. “He’s a kid! A mixed up kid, that’s all. This hunch you have hasn’t panned out. Nothing you got proves he killed the Turner kid. Why don’t you just let it go? After Friday you’re done here.”
“If it was your kid; would you let it go?”
Dan flushed and looked away, disgusted to keep being reminded he lacked compassion in his line of work. It was all over his annual evaluations. The only reason he was acting sheriff was the six months on the job he had more than Bob. 
The election that loomed in the distance was the true challenge. He had to run for the office. Unless he caught Jace Turner’s murderer, he didn’t have a chance to get elected.
Some might say that would have made him eager to latch onto Gary’s theory about Cameron. He hated to admit it, but it started to make sense to him. His pride was hurt that he failed to impress Gary in that too. He failed to come up with a reasonable scenario why Jace Turner was murdered, outside the obvious robbery. 
“I get it why this bothers you so much, Gary. I do. You got a kid a couple years older. It hits home,” Dan said and gazed at the older man in understanding. “But you could be wrong about Cam.”
“I’m not,” Gary replied tightly and smiled at Dan. “Trust me. My gut is never wrong. He killed Jace. We might never know why, but he did it.”
“He goes to court in two weeks and that decides it all.”
Gary didn’t need to be reminded the charges could be dropped at that hearing. Cam’s attorney was moving for a dismissal based on lack of evidence. Knowing that was a strong possibility made Gary pray Lindsay got something on that wire before then.
“A lot can happen in two weeks, Dan.”
Dooley left and went back to his office. Gary sat back in his chair and tapped his fingers on the file on Jace Turner sitting in front of him. He went through it over and over again, studied the crime scene until he could see it blind-folded. He couldn’t for the life of him find any reason beyond the thrill of it why Cameron would have done this. Without a motive, it made things difficult to prove.
The thought of Cameron Chase walking free two weeks from now was more than a reality. Without a confession; it would happen. Gary hoped the kid had the stupidity to try something with Lindsay. He’d like to see justice handled the old-fashioned way. He didn’t see the point in a guy like Cameron sitting on death row for ten years. He would get another decade to live while Jace Turner missed out on everything he wanted in his young life. 
Gary fought the urge to walk outside the boundaries of the law any more than he already had by giving Lindsay an unregistered weapon. He employed such efforts before he left Chicago and swore he never would ‘help’ again. It wasn’t hard for a good cop to turn vigilante after years of seeing scum like Cameron go free. He had to have faith Lindsay would come up with something.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay was thankful Lance took the truck to be cleaned out before dropping it in front of the apartment. The thought of Jace’s blood still on the seats nauseated her. She frowned as she twisted the ring on her finger, wondering and worrying where he was. 
Jace came in the night before and didn’t disturb her as she asked. Marnie went to school to get her weekly work and heard about Cam getting attacked. Lindsay confronted Jace and he refused to give her any details. According to Marnie; Cameron had to be hospitalized.
Lance came from Hooligan’s after he saw Everett to his apartment and discovered Cameron was just treated and released with stitches. Lindsay swallowed hard, unable to imagine his rage.
She was anxious for him to get back from wherever he went. Her eyes filled with anger. Jace was keeping things from her. He claimed he came back to check on them and make things right. It appeared revenge played a greater role than she thought. Her expression softened.
Lindsay could only imagine the terror he experienced at Cameron’s hands. Every time she pictured his agony the day he died; she felt sick. Those images of savagery overwhelmed her. She was unable to think of it anymore. How could she blame him for wanting to kill Cameron now? A day hadn’t passed since he died that she didn’t feel the same. 
“Hey, Lindsay, do you have to work tomorrow?” Lance asked as he poked his head in her room. “I was hoping you could take Marnie into Helena to her doctor’s appointment. I promised Mom and Jack I would go with Dougie to his final hearing for him to get off probation. They think it’ll help.”
Lindsay was startled to feel the instant resentment. She bit back a refusal. She had agreed to let it go, but it was tough. “Sure, I’m off until Tuesday. Isn’t this where they stick her with a needle? Will she be ok with me going instead of you?”
“She asked me to ask you.”
Lindsay looked surprised. “Oh, alright; I just thought she would feel more comfortable with you there.”
Her brother rolled his eyes. “It’s a girl thing, sis.”
He disappeared out of her doorway and she frowned. Taking Marnie to the doctor was the last thing she wanted to do tomorrow but her shooting practice would have to wait.
~ ~ ~
Raymond glared at Merrick and sat back in the van as they waited for the others to come back from the patrol. The night was eerie and quiet. The Deadheads were all inside the building.  
“Ok, just spit it out. Where’s Jace?”
Merrick shrugged. “Exploring I reckon. Don’t rightly know, Boss.”
“There isn’t much that happens around here that you don’t know, Merrick.”
Merrick chuckled. “Got by me this time.”
Raymond made a noise and stared out into the gloom. His eyes narrowed. “He went back to wherever it is he comes from didn’t he?”
The black man shrugged. “He didn’t say.”
“It’s forbidden, Merrick! You know that as well as anyone else here.”
“Seems to me nothing is forbidden,” Merrick pointed out. “Who made these rules, Raymond?”
The leader looked frustrated. “If he took a demon back with him we could all suffer the consequences.”
“You don’t know that. None of us know. Jace ain’t that stupid, Raymond. He probably just wanted some time to himself. You know how these Newbies can be?”
“Like the girl?” Raymond asked with an angry scowl. “Don’t think I didn’t notice she was missing too and suddenly showed back up.”
“Like I said, these damn Newbies got to see for themselves what is what. You don’t worry. Jace will be back.”
Raymond looked relieved when Drea and McNeal came running with the two Newbies they saved that night. Murdock was opening up on the group of three Deadheads with a sawed off shot gun that chased them from the abandoned building. 
Drea and McNeal ushered the two shaken newcomers into the back of the van before Murdock tossed a couple grenades and leapt inside and they sped off. The explosion made the man grin widely.
The two newcomers were a young girl of possibly twelve and a middle aged man. Both were dazed and in shock. Raymond climbed into the back as Merrick drove to brief the two Newbies.
“Welcome to Oblivion,” he told them as he met their startled gazes. “As you might have guessed; you’re not in Kansas anymore.”
Drea rolled her eyes at Raymond’s words. McNeal grinned.
“Where are we?” the young girl asked in a horrified whisper.
“A skip and a jump short of Heaven, sweet pea,” Raymond replied with a sad look. “Drea will be answering any other questions you might have.”
“I have an early morning meeting,” the businessman said and Raymond chuckled as he saw the blood on the man’s dress shirt. He’d been shot. A bullet hole was visible where his tie hung down.
“You’re not going to make it,” Raymond told him and grinned. “And no, you can’t call your secretary to reschedule.”
The man looked outraged. “Now look here, I need to call my wife!”
“No phones down here, buddy. Don’t you listen?” Raymond asked with a sigh. “No wonder somebody shot you.”
The man looked down at his shirtfront and appeared dazed to see the blood there. He looked back at Raymond quickly. 
“Is this Hell?”
“No, but it might seem that way at first.”
~ ~ ~
Lindsay tried to ignore the jealousy she felt all the way into Helena. Marnie was quiet and looked out the window of Jace’s truck. She hadn’t said two words since they left the apartment. Lindsay more than knew she felt as uncomfortable as she did. She tried to break the ice.
“Everything will be fine if you’re worried.”
“That’s not it,” she said in response and continued to stare out the window at the traffic on the interstate.
“What is it?” Lindsay asked in concern. “Do you feel sick?”
“Why are you being so nice to me?” Marnie snapped and her hazel eyes narrowed as she swung to look at her. “I screwed around with your boyfriend! You should hate me! I do!”
Lindsay knew from her mom that pregnant women were highly emotional and reasoned that was the cause of Marnie’s distress. 
“I know why he did it. It’s typical of Jace. I don’t like it but I don’t hate you.”
Marnie rolled her eyes. “Lance isn’t here. Cut the shit, Lindsay. You don’t have to watch what you say.”
“I mean it,” Lindsay argued and glared at her. “Trust me if I didn’t; I wouldn’t be taking you to the doctor.”
“How are you going to feel if it’s Jace’s kid?”
Lindsay stared at the interstate ahead and shrugged. She didn’t know what to say but tried for the truth, knowing they had to have this out between them. 
“I’m glad you’re keeping the baby. I feel jealous. Me and Jace wanted kids one day. When he died all that ended. I know what you think but I’m ok about it. My brother is the kid’s uncle too, so at least I have a place in his kid’s life. It’s going to be fine; you’ll see.”
“He really did love you,” Marnie replied brokenly and her lip quivered.
“I know. That’s why I’m trying not to let this bother me.”
“I don’t think I would be this nice to me if I was you.”
Lindsay knew it was more than hard to maintain an indifference she was far from feeling most of the time. 
“Jace didn’t plan this and either did you. Had he lived; I wouldn’t have ever known, right?”
“He said he couldn’t lie to you.”
Knowing Jace planned to tell her about his one-night stand relieved her. 
“He never has.”
“I think he’s still around, you know; his spirit and all.”
Lindsay tried not to smile. “I feel him too. He’s with us.”
Marnie looked uncomfortable. “Do you believe in ghosts?”
“No, not really, but I would like to think so.”
“Oh.”
“Why, do you think Jace’s ghost is haunting us all?” she asked teasingly.
Marnie looked away. “I guess it’s ridiculous.”
“If he is he probably just wants to make sure we’re all okay, knowing Jace.”
“If the baby were Cam’s would you keep it?”
Lindsay forced herself not to show the disgust she felt to even think of carrying the psycho’s baby. 
“It’s innocent of all this. I would do what my heart told me to do and not hold what the father did against it.”
“You’re right,” Marnie agreed. “That’s what I’ve been doing. I know it’s wrong but I’ve prayed for it to be Jace’s.”
“So have I, for everyone’s sake,” she added and saw Marnie’s eyes widen. “We both know how difficult Cameron will make it for you to leave with my brother. I’m praying it all works out.”
“I don’t know what to say,” the girl began and looked down at her hands. “This must be so hard for you.”
Lindsay felt another pang of resentment and pushed it back. Marnie needed to be reassured. Her feelings would pass in time. For right now; she did this for Lance. Her brother loved this girl. She had to make an effort to forgive the past. 
“Yeah it is, but we’ll get through it.”
“I’m scared, Lindsay.”
“So am I,” she said and meant it. “None of us knows what’s going to happen.”
“I mean about this test,” Marnie confided. “I have to know now, but I’m afraid to know.”
“Why worry for the next four months? At least you’ll know and it’ll give you some relief; either way.”
Lindsay fell asleep in the waiting room. The clinic was crowded with pregnant women and teens, crying babies, and rambunctious toddlers. Sleep was impossible, but so were the looks she was getting from the other patients.
She knew what they must be thinking; saw the pitying looks. Another irresponsible teenage Mom; their expressions said. It was with some pleasure when Marnie was escorted out with a nurse and they gestured for her.
“Are you her partner?” the nurse asked curiously and smiled with little judgment in her gaze.
“Uh, yeah, I guess so,” Lindsay said in confusion.
“Here’s a prescription for pain if she needs it,” the nurse told her. “Make sure she stays off her feet for forty-eight hours. Your girlfriend needs rest and help at home.”
“I’ll make sure she gets it. Come on, Marnie.”
Lindsay nodded and drew Marnie’s arm in hers, seeing her pale features and growing worried. Seeing the interested looks in the waiting room made her cringe. She realized they now thought her and Marnie were a couple from the nurse’s words.
She was gnashing her teeth as she saw two of the moms whispering and eyeing them in amusement. Marnie didn’t seem to notice much. She was a little traumatized by the test.
Lindsay got her to the truck and she promptly lay down on the seat with her knees up to her chest, claiming she felt sick. She gazed at her worriedly on the ride back to Little Bend. She wanted to ask about the test, but figured she might need something to take her mind off it.
 “Lance told me he wants me to go with him to look at rings,” she told her. “Might help if I knew what kind of girl you are. Me, I’m a round cut all the way.”
Marnie looked up at her and seemed to rally a little. “I saw one I liked once. It wasn’t round. It was pointy at both ends.”
“That’s called a marquis. Good choice,” Lindsay went on to say. “I used to make a day of looking at rings. I wanted to know exactly what I wanted when Jace and I got married.”
“You just looked at rings all day?”
“Yep, till I found ‘the one’.”
Marnie sat up now; the interest in her gaze was obvious. “How do you know when you find ‘the one’?”
“You put it on your finger and you get butterflies,” Lindsay recalled and smiled and glanced over at her. “That might take a while.”
She could see there was no way Marnie was going to let Lance take her to pick out her ring and she was pleased. For a girl who was getting married; she didn’t act excited. She seemed to dread it. 
“You had your whole wedding planned, I bet,” Marnie observed without batting an eyelash.
Lindsay smiled glad she was getting her mind off her troubles. “Yeah, our wedding was going to be at St. Bernard’s. Our reception was going to be at the Elks Club.”
“What color were the bridesmaid’s dresses?” Marnie asked with interest, now sitting up fully
Lindsay laughed. “Well, those changed about ten times. First they were cotton candy pink. Then I realized nobody but me liked that color, so I narrowed it down to my favorite color.”
“What was that?”
“It’s called periwinkle,” Lindsay said fondly and rolled her eyes. “Jace said there was no way he was wearing any matching bow tie or anything in periwinkle. Said it sounded like Rip Van Winkle and was bad luck.”
Marnie laughed at that. “Sounds like Jace.”
Lindsay smiled and nodded. “So I compromised with light blue.”
Marnie looked intrigued and the talk of wedding dresses dominated their conversation until they got back to town. On impulse they stopped at the drug store and bought the current issue of Brides. Lindsay left her leafing through it eagerly on the couch with her feet up and went to her bedroom to change.
Jace was there, grinning ear to ear when she arrived. Obviously he had been eavesdropping again.
 “You never compromised with light blue,” he said and chuckled.
“I would have,” she told him and shrugged. “I was leaning towards it. I guess I never thought about it until now. I definitely would go with the blue now.”
Jace eyed her knowingly. “I would have worn the Rip Van Winkle.”
“I know and that’s why I changed my mind to light blue,” she explained and knew it was ridiculous they have this conversation. There wouldn’t ever be a wedding for them now. Why did they talk about it?
“You did a nice thing back there,” he said and his brown eyes looked at her with admiration. “Marnie was scared during the test. I thought she was going to puke her guts out.”
“You were there?” Lacey asked in surprise.
“I felt like somebody needed to be in there with her,” he explained and avoided her eyes. “She could be having my kid, Lindsay.”
“I know. I’m just surprised you didn’t let on to me you were there.”
“I knew it was bothering you,” he said and met her gaze with regret. “You even went out of your way to make her feel better and I knew you were dying every minute back there.”
Lindsay looked away. “Was it that obvious?”
“Only to me, Linds,” he replied softly and approached, his ghostly hand fluttering around her face. “I know it wasn’t easy for you.”
“I have to accept the fact it could be yours. She’s marrying my brother,” Lindsay said and smiled. “Looks like I’m going to be the kid’s aunt either way.”
Jace looked relieved. “I’m glad you’re taking this so well. I never thought you would.”
“I never thought you’d die, Jace,” she said and felt tears forming. “That changed everything. It changed me.”
Neither of them said the obvious but they both knew his death changed her for the better. She would have never given Marnie the time of day had he lived. The old Lindsay would have blown the matter sky high and left little doubt of her outrage. The new one let it go, seeing nothing could change the past.
“I like the changes but I like the old you too,” he said and stared into her eyes. “Just promise you’ll do everything you planned to do one day? Don’t let my dying change that for you.”
Lindsay stared at him. How could she tell him of the great void she saw ahead without him? He would get upset to know she wished to die every day just to be with him.
 “All I ever wanted to do was leave this town, Jace. Now I’m afraid to leave and never see you again.”
He grinned. “You’ll see me again. I’ll be the guy in that weird periwinkle tie waiting at the pearly gates for you.”
“I changed it to light blue,” she reminded him, gaze blurred to think of him waiting there one day for her. It was comforting knowing that, less frightening.
“Ok. I’ll be the guy with the light blue tie, leaning on the gate wondering what took you so long to get there,” he agreed readily and smiled.
“You better be there,” she warned. “I’ll be mad if I have to wait on you.”
Jace reached out and touched her cheek, making her quiver from the cold sensation. “I’ll be early this time. I promise.”
Lindsay closed her eyes, wishing he was back with her then. When she opened her eyes he was gone. She knew where he was going.
Chapter Nineteen
Jace walked through the wall into the Chase kitchen. Cameron was eating a sandwich at the island bar, watching a small TV on the counter. He was alone in the house. He had bruises and stitches on his face and neck.
That pleased Jace, knowing he inflicted that much pain on his murderer. It wasn’t close to what he endured the day Cameron murdered him. The feel of that blade slashing into him would haunt him for eternity, seeing his demented face over him stabbing him again and again.
Cameron would pay for that.
He focused his energy on the pots and pans hanging over his head and rattled them slightly, just to get his attention. Cameron stiffened and looked up, a look of fear in his eyes. He looked around the kitchen for a minute and went back to watching TV. 
Jace glared at him and looked at the TV, just a hard push enough to send it sliding off the counter. That got Cam’s attention. He jumped up from the bar stool and backed away, looking around the kitchen wildly.
“Go away, Jace! I’m not afraid of you! You’re a ghost! A ghost! You can’t do nothin’ to me!” he raged and looked around.
Jace smiled without humor and stared at the block holding all the knives on the opposite counter. He pulled one free and sent it sailing at Cameron. The knife embedded itself into the wooden pantry door only inches from his former friend’s head. Cameron looked sick to see it, looking around and backing away slowly.
“You come after me anymore and I’ll kill Lindsay, Jace!” he threatened boldly and smiled as he looked around the kitchen. “You can’t protect her! You’re dead! I mean it! You leave me alone or I’ll cut her worse than I did you! Do you want that, buddy? Think about it!”
Jace did, and sent another knife careening through the air. This one stopped before it penetrated Cameron’s chest, poised in the air in front of him. He grinned to see a wet spot forming in Cameron’s jeans, knowing he peed himself. 
He released his hold on the knife and it clattered to the ceramic tile noisily.
Cameron looked like he would throw up at that moment. Jace sent all the pots and pans hanging over his head flying, all of them slamming into walls and one hit Cameron in the shoulder.
He covered his head as the missiles flew, finally running out of the kitchen and locking himself into the hall bathroom. Jace followed and watched him crying on the commode, seeing how scared he was. For the first time since he was murdered, Jace felt powerful.
Cameron put his head down between his knees.
He used one mental push to turn on the water full blast. Cameron jumped and stood, wrenching open the door and running up to his room. 
Jace let him go; satisfied he let his good buddy know he could give one hell of a fight. If he went after Lindsay, more than a knife would fly at him. He wasn’t done yet. He went outside. Artie the nerd and Sal and the others were there. They all grinned at him.
“Did ya scare the little creep to death?” Sal asked pleasantly.
“Nah, just made him piss his pants.” 
All the ghosts snickered at that.
Sal raised an eyebrow. “Is it our turn yet, Boss?”
Jace nodded. “Have at it, guys.”
He watched the ghosts all pass by him, each one walking through the walls of the Chase home in pursuit of his killer. After about two minutes he heard Cameron shrieking and screaming from his room, knowing Artie and Sal were giving him the treatment. He knew he left Cameron in good hands. The other ghosts were going to rock his whole world judging from his fearful cries within the house.
Jace found himself outside Hooligan’s, having put this off since he got here. He had to face his dad now. It was funny how he hesitated outside the bar just as much as when he lived. He used to dread this part of his day; coming to collect Everett Turner from the bar.
He walked through the front door and saw the same regulars sitting there. Margene was toting ice from the back. The dark-haired barmaid was showing now. She still managed to look sexy, wearing shirts to cover her growing pregnancy while showing her other assets to their best advantage. 
Jace saw his father and fought the wave of disgust, seeing Evie’s head down on the bar. Margene just scooped up the change and ignored him, used to his taking a nap this time of day. They all knew he would wake up and continue drinking until the evening rolled around.
Jace saw his father’s haggard, unshaven face and approached. Evie’s dark hair and beard looked greasy and unwashed. His clothes were whatever he picked up off the floor. The once powerful build was hunched over and gaunt.
He sat on the barstool next to his father and cringed to see how dirty and disheveled he was. Evie snored softly, his hand still wrapped around his whiskey and water. Margene knew better than to pry the drink out of his hand or he’d wake up madder than a hornet.
Jace felt resentment and anger; pity and scorn, all at once. The wave of sorrow was a surprise and not welcome. All his life he tried to keep his pa on the straight and narrow so they wouldn’t wind up in state homes and it didn’t matter in the end. If not for Lindsay’s mom and Jack Miller; his siblings would have suffered that fate while Evie slept it off somewhere.
The helpless feeling he’d always had and the gnawing anxiety was gone. Death released him from that. All he could do is watch his father sleep it off and hope Lance showed up by six to get him home.
What would become of him when Lance and Marnie left for Georgia was anybody’s guess. Thoughts of his father passing out and freezing to death in an alley had always been one of his greatest fears. He couldn’t do anything for him now, anymore than he could have then.
Letting go was easier now because he had no choice. He spied a stack of lotto tickets on the counter in front of Evie’s head. He concentrated on the small pencil lying next to the stack, watchful of Margene, who had her back to them, counting the till. 
He felt his energy depleting fast but still managed to propel the pencil to fill in six spots on the lotto slip in front of his pa’s stack of one dollar bills. He watched the pencil fall and roll away. He would have gotten up and left had he not seen what Everett clutched in his other hand.
Jace used the last of his energy to pull the tattered paper out of his father’s other hand, grown lax in his stupor. It was a picture, he saw, as it fluttered onto the bar. It was ragged and worn. The picture was of his mother holding a baby; him, he thought.
He’d never seen the picture before. His mother’s look of joy was obvious. Why his father carried it was a surprise. The picture probably reminded him of better days when Dawn Turner was alive. 
Jace was overwhelmed to know his father still mourned his wife as deeply as he did. In that moment, he forgave his father for spending every dime they had on whiskey, neglecting them shamelessly, and not caring about anything else but his own pain.
“Good luck, Pa,” he whispered softly and turned away from the bar, retreating with a tight feeling in his chest.
He was rewarded with Evie raising his head at that moment and latching back onto the photo.  Margene wandered over and snatched up the betting slip, running his numbers and taking five ones off the bar. Jace watched her put the lotto ticket under his pa’s drink and walked back through the wall to the street outside.
He had one more stop. 
Jack Miller’s house was a modest ranch with a nice, well-tended yard. He walked up the driveway and saw the shiny new red bike lying in the grass and shook his head. Dougie never knew when he had it good. 
He found his brother in his room. Dougie was working on a model kit, one of his favorite hobbies. They could never afford them when Jace was alive. His brother pilfered them from the discount store every time the clerk’s back was turned.
The model he worked on was an old Chevy truck, similar to his. He saw his brother biting his lip in concentration as he struggled to affix the tiny doors to the model vehicle. He looked around the room, seeing his brother was being well-taken care of. 
The probation officer obviously had a soft spot for his little brother. It was evident everywhere he looked. New toys, sporting equipment, and a brand new desktop computer told him all he needed to know. The piggy bank was new. It sat on top of his dresser. He was pleased.
“Dougie!” Deborah Morgan called out from beyond the door. “The trash needs to go out!”
“Yeah, yeah,” his little brother muttered under his breath, still working on the doors, wanting to finish.
“Dougie! Now!” The imperious order from beyond the door didn’t negotiate. Lindsay’s mom was like a Pit Bull about chores.
Dougie rolled his eyes and moved away from his desk, leaving his project. Jace’s eyes twinkled to see his brother hop to it. He eyed his project and decided his little brother could use some help. The doors were always the hardest. 
He focused, pulling the last of his energy to glue the tiny doors on both sides of the plastic model. At the rate Dougie was going, he’d be there all day struggling with it. He heard the door open and close, looking to see Dougie pulling out the aluminum cans to the curb.
Jace almost did a double-take when his little brother picked up the shiny new red bike on his way back and wheeled it into the garage. He felt pride at that moment. Dougie did know when he had it good. He wouldn’t push it. Jack Millers didn’t fall out of the sky and he was glad his brother recognized that. In that moment, he knew Dougie was going to be alright.
He left his brother’s room and sought out Sara.
He found his sister in her room and rolled his eyes. Deborah Morgan was spoiling his sister rotten, just like she had Lindsay. The fashionable bedding and teenage digs were every young girl’s dream. His sister was lying on her bed scrapbooking. Deborah Morgan obviously got his sister hooked on it.
Sara was putting a family album together. Her dark eyes were sad as she assembled pictures of them in the book. He could see she struggled with deciding which ones to use. The pictures were old and crumpled, some of them ripped.
He waited until she got up to use the restroom and rearranged the pictures she chose, assembling them better than she could have. When she returned to her project she frowned slightly, and then smiled and kept the arrangement he put together for her.
The pictures were of Christmas morning years ago. He was ten, Sara was six, and Dougie was just a baby. They cut down their own tree in the woods. Jace didn’t have any money for ornaments and decorations so they made their own out of whatever they could find. 
They strung popcorn and soda pop tabs for garland. The ornaments were fishing lures from their father’s tackle box. They all sat in front of it looking proud as the picture was snapped. 
Jace could recall it was one of the best Christmas’s they ever had. He bought his sister a doll and Dougie got a light up truck with sounds that year. The church dropped off a box for Christmas dinner and they spent it alone. His father spent that night in the drunk tank for getting loud on a barmaid at Hooligan’s. 
Sara was busy decorating the page. He left her room, content to know his family was well cared for and would be alright. He didn’t look back as he left Jack Miller’s house. He was proud of the job he’d done. Some things he regretted in his life. Some things he didn’t. Raising his brother and sister was one of the best things he’d ever done. He saw that now and felt full of pride. They wouldn’t forget him or the lessons he tried to teach them when he was alive.
Jace knew he had hours before his energy returned. He spent his time in the park, sitting on a swing, watching the birds. His mission was coming to an end. The two weeks would be up on Sunday. He would be able to see Lindsay graduate on Saturday and then he had to go back.
Merrick was probably getting crap from Raymond about his absence. He didn’t care. He’d deal with Raymond when he got back. He had four days to make Cameron pay for what he did and wouldn’t waste a minute of it.
The other ghosts were probably driving his former friend crazy right about now. Artie was just as annoying as a ghost as he had to have been in life. Sal had a way of making his presence known too. They would all put their two cents in until Cameron was driven out of his mind.
Jace counted on it. Cameron was losing it. He could see that in the bathroom as he cried trying to escape him. He thought of the party planned at The Point on Saturday night. Lindsay was reluctant to go, but he told her it was necessary. Cameron and all his friends would be there. Jace decided they would crash the party.
~ ~ ~
Marnie was busy looking at the bridal magazine when Lindsay poked her head in the room to check on her, relieved to see her future sister-in-law looked pleasantly distracted. Lance was off seeing some old friends after Dougie’s court date.
She left the apartment to pick up something for dinner. Jace hadn’t returned and she felt a bit of worry. He had to leave soon. She knew he wouldn’t come back. Whatever reason he was still around was coming to an end. 
She hefted her groceries up the stairs and saw Sheriff Wilson pull in. He’d been retired all of a week and was true to his word, sitting in the lot in his own car, watching and waiting for Cameron to make a move.
“Hey, ya got a minute?” he said as he rolled down the car window.
“Yeah, just let me put these things inside,” she said and went in and deposited the groceries on the counter.
She approached his vehicle with a worried feeling. She still wore the wire and had yet to get anything on Cameron. His court date was coming up. She knew there was a chance the charges would get dropped. It was becoming a do or die now in getting a confession out of Cameron.
“What’s up?” she asked as she slid into the car.
“We got a problem,” he told her with a tense expression.
“What now?” she asked in irritation.
“The prosecutor is buckling, Lindsay. We need something and we need it fast,” Wilson told her, his expression disgusted. “I intercepted a call meant for Dan about an hour ago. Unless we get a confession; Cam walks.”  
Lindsay looked sick. “I can’t believe this! How can he get away with this?”
“It’s a little thing called evidence, Lindsay,” Wilson informed her and shook his head. “We got no blood evidence, no witness, and unless he confesses the charges will be dismissed.”
“He hasn’t tried to approach me since that day in Merriman’s.”
“We need to step it up.”
“How do you want me to do that?” Lindsay said in anger, blue eyes filled with fear. “He knows I know he did it! He firebombed my mom’s car for turning him in! What more do you want me to do?”
“I want to see this kid get his for this as much as you do, Lindsay,” the Sheriff said quietly with a sigh. “We have no choice but for you to confront him on his own turf and push it. You need to get in his face, force him to admit it.”
Lindsay looked terrified. “I can’t! There has to be another way!”
“I wish there was but you have to push it now, and fast.”
“He’s crazy! I go get in his face and there’s no telling what he’ll do to me!”
The sheriff looked resigned. “There’s no other way. You got the wire on. I’ll be there. You don’t need to worry. I’ll be right there with you.”
Lindsay felt fear gnawing t her belly to think of confronting Cameron, getting him to admit what he did. Thoughts of his turning on her and killing her made her tense. She realized she did have an ace in her hand. She had a ghost on her side. Jace could help her. He wouldn’t like it but he had to see there was no other way.
The haunting of his killer wasn’t going to do it. They needed to step it up like the sheriff said. They graduated on Saturday. She heard through the grapevine Cameron was being shipped off to his grandparent’s house after his court date. They were running out of time.
“If I do this I want to be assured of my own safety,” she said tightly. “You might be waiting in the wings, but this guy is a nutcase.”
“I’ll get you hooked up with a live wire,” he said and smiled in a reassuring way. “I’ll be listening in the whole time. He gets crazy on you and I’ll be there.”
“If anything goes wrong,” she trailed off and looked out the window in despair. “Ok, I’ll do it.”
Gary smiled in relief. “I’ll come by tonight and hook you up.”
“My brother can’t know about it. We need to meet away from here if their home,” she warned him. “If he finds out I’m still helping you, he’ll have me shipped to Georgia on the next flight out.”
“Meet me in the park tonight at seven,” he said and she got out of the car, feeling nervous as she watched him leave the lot.
She was feeling alarmed as she went back inside, knowing there was no choice. Thinking of Cameron getting away with what he did to Jace made her more than resolved now. Despite her fears, she had to do this. Time was running out. Cameron would be gone after his court date. They would never get another crack at him.
As she expected, Jace was furious to hear the plan.
“No way are you going to confront him, Lindsay,” he fumed as he listened to Sheriff Wilson’s plan. “He’s ready to lose it and I don’t want you anywhere near him. I got it covered.”
“We’re running out of time. His court date is Monday, Jace. You’re leaving Sunday. We gotta do this.”
“I won’t put you in that position, Lindsay,” Jace argued and paced in her bedroom. “Too much can go wrong.”
“Too much already has!” she snapped and glared at him. “You’re dead, Jace! The guy who killed you is going to walk out of court on Monday free as a bird unless we get him to confess. We don’t have a choice.”
Jace looked at her and she could see his indecision. “Lindsay, if he hurt you I don’t know what I would do.”
She smiled, forcing herself to look calm despite her fear. “The sheriff will be right there listening in. You’ll be there with me. What could go wrong?”
Jace didn’t say anything, just looked at her with a tortured look for a minute. “Everything could go wrong.”
“It’s now or never,” she pointed out. “I plan on going to that party Saturday night. It’s perfect. He gets a buzz on and I corner him. He’ll start running off at the mouth.”
“Lindsay, I appreciate everything you’re doing to help me,” he said quietly. “This isn’t your fight, but mine. I don’t want you taking these kinds of chances.”
“Jace, if it’s the last thing I do for you; I’m going to get Cameron,” she promised and looked at him with finality. “He took away everything from you, from me, from your family. I want him to pay.”
“He will pay, Lindsay,” he told her and shrugged. “That’s one thing I can tell you for sure. This is going to come back on him one day, even if you can’t get a confession. Where I am; it’s a done deal. Nobody gets passed that.”
Lindsay could see he wouldn’t tell her more about the mysterious place he was now. He hesitated to say a whole lot, not wanting to blow her whole image of death. He thought he’d scare her. She wasn’t scared. She was exhilarated to know there was a place like he described.
“I’m not as patient as you, Jace,” she said and bit her lip. “I want to see it happen before I leave here. I need this to be over for you.”
“Alright, we’ll do it,” he agreed and shook his head. “You just do everything I say, Lindsay. This is getting dangerous. Cameron knows I’m back and he’s made threats against you. We take no chances. You got that?”
“I got it,” she said and smiled. “Don’t worry about me so much. I can do this, Jace.”
“We need to go up to the cabin and let you practice with that gun.”
“Let’s go now. I have to work tomorrow.”
“I meant what I said. You get in a tight spot and there’s only so much I can do.”
She looked at him and saw how uneasy he was. “Then we need to make sure I can use that thing.”
“Let’s hope you shoot a gun better than you shoot pool,” he teased and she glared at him.
“I can do it,” she assured him. “Point and pull the trigger; how hard can it be?”
~ ~ ~
Jace chuckled as she missed ten out of ten targets. They were up at her dad’s fishing cabin an hour. The only thing his girl hit was the ground the first time she fired the gun. His laughter made her furious.
“You have to control your breathing, Lindsay, and focus on your sights,” he said as he stood next to her in the back field behind the cabin. The targets were set up on a wooden fence fifty yards away.
“This is harder than I thought it would be,” she admitted as she reloaded.
“Tell me about it,” he said and saw she finished reloading the gun. “You just need practice; is all.”
“We have four days, Jace,” she replied worriedly. “I haven’t hit a darn thing.”
“Just picture Cam’s face on the tin cans. That might help.”
Lindsay did and by the fourth can she knocked one off the fence, jumping up and down in excitement. Jace smiled down at her. They went through a third of the box of ammo and she hit one target. She got better after that, hitting three more.
“This is kind of fun,” she said as she got the hang of it.
Jace rolled his eyes and watched her hit three more. She really was getting better.
They left for home after that. She drove down the winding mountain road and he leaned out the window, feeling the wind go through him. It was a beautiful day and getting warmer now. He would miss the summers here.
When they pulled into the back of Merriman’s her mom was there waiting with Lance. They were talking and quit when she walked up. Jace hovered at her side, looking concerned.
“What’s going on?” she asked, disturbed by her mom’s look of unease.
Deborah Morgan looked upset and Lance was tight-lipped and looked away.
“You guys are scaring me,” Lindsay said in alarm. “What is it?”
“Everett Turner won the lottery the other night, Lindsay,” her mom told her sadly. “He cashed in the ticket and went on a binge. They found him this morning in his room dead. He drank himself to death.”
Jace let out a ragged moan and looked sick. Lindsay didn’t know what to feel, knowing how the man was never there for Jace all these years. The vague sense of sadness passed when she latched onto the fact he won the lottery.
“He won the lottery? You have to be kidding me? How much did he win?”
“He won over three million dollars, Lindsay. He took the lump sum and went on a bender.  The money will go to his kids, at least,” her mom told her and left them.
Lance looked miserable. She didn’t know what to say to him. Evie lived like he died, a crap shoot, never knowing where he’d land. She wasn’t surprised at all.
“Lance, I know you feel like crap, but there wasn’t anything you could do,” she said and shook her head. “He lived like he wanted.”
Her brother looked like he wanted to break something. “He had all that money! He could have changed his life! And he just threw it all away! And for what?”
“Lance, he was too far gone,” his sister said softly and felt for him, knowing he was determined to get Everett into a program like Jace had been. “You did everything you could.”
Jace looked sick and turned away. Lindsay looked from his ghost and back to her brother, knowing she had two to console now.
“I need to get out of here,” her brother muttered and walked to his car. “Tell Marnie I just need some time. I’ll be back later.”
She watched her brother drive away and looked at Jace. “Are you going to be ok?”
“I think I killed my pa,” he said brokenly and she could see tears in his eyes. He told her what he did when he went up to the bar, filling out his father’s lotto slip while he was passed out.
“You don’t even know if that’s the one he won with, Jace. It’s not your fault! Why do you gotta blame yourself for everything? Doesn’t that tell you that you couldn’t save him?”
“I gotta go, Lindsay,” he said and looked miserable. “I need some time too, okay? Sara and Dougie are probably hurting.”
Lindsay nodded and wished she could say more to comfort him, knowing the news his father was dead hit him hard. She refused to see it as a total tragedy. His death brought one good thing from it. 
His kids had the security they never had when he was alive now. Sara could look forward to college now. Dougie had more going for him too. Even Lance and Marnie would share the proceeds.
She could see Jace considered none of that yet. He was looking at it like he did this. She sighed and reentered the apartment. Marnie was still looking at the bridal magazine and wore a much more enthusiastic expression until she saw Lindsay’s face.
“What now?” she snapped and rolled her eyes. “It’s like a shit storm around here!”
“Evie died last night, Marnie. Mrs. Warren found him this morning. He drank himself to death. Lance is taking it pretty hard, so go easy okay?”
Marnie looked sad. “He hoped he could help him. I told him it wouldn’t work. He’s just like my dad.”
“He won the lottery,” Lindsay informed her with a slight smile. “Looks like you get that fantasy wedding and ring now.”
“No way!” Marnie exclaimed and her eyes widened. “You’re kidding?”
“Nope, he won a couple million,” she informed her. “The money will be split between Sara, Dougie, and Lance. That’s good news, huh?”
Marnie had tears in her eyes. “I know Lance is probably not thinking that right about now. He said he didn’t care if his dad claimed him or not, but I know he was hoping for it.” 
Lindsay nodded sadly. “Evie never did anything for Jace or the other kids. My brother has to realize he couldn’t have made a difference. At least the kids all get something out of it. Now let’s start planning that wedding.”
For the next hour they narrowed down a dress and the colors for her wedding. She was enthusiastic and had enough to take her mind off her own troubles. Lance was still off mourning the dad he never knew he had. Jace was probably kicking himself thinking he caused his death.
Lindsay retreated to her bedroom. She folded her laundry, wondering where Jace was. She knew he was taking it harder out of the three kids. He remembered his dad in better days; kept trying to find that guy and bring him back.
Some people got lost long before they checked out of this world. Everett Turner was one of them. She refused to mourn a guy who never gave a damn about his kids and his sick wife, and drank his life away. The money would benefit all his kids. It wouldn’t make up for not having the father they wanted, but it was something.
Lance came back after a while and he and Marnie retreated to the bedroom. He was quiet and withdrawn, but seemed to have worked out his issues. They remained in the bedroom for a long time. Lindsey made something to eat and all three sat eating in silence.
“The funeral’s on Friday,” Lance said suddenly and looked at his sister. “I know you don’t think he deserves it but were going to bury him the right way.”
“I didn’t say anything. You do what you feel is right,” Lindsey grumbled and looked down at her food. “I feel bad too, Lance. He was Jace’s dad. It’s not fair, but it’s how he lived. What do you want me to say?”
Lance didn’t say anything and picked at his food.
Marnie eyed him speculatively. “Tell Lindsey our plans.”
“Were buying the farm back from the land bank,” he announced and Lindsey looked up in surprise.
“That’s great, I guess,” she said and looked confused. “What about Georgia?”
“It’s not for us,” he said and looked at Marnie for help.
“We’re buying it back for the kids,” Marnie announced. “When their old enough they can do with it what they want. We agreed it should stay in the family.”
Lindsay knew Jace would be relieved. He always said the property was a gold mine and would be worth something one day. Her brother was really trying to make it up to the Turner kids, she could see. Her mom said his overtures were met with awkwardness by both kids. Maybe getting their family’s home back would make them see Lance wanted to be a part of their life now.
“We’re leaving as soon as Marnie gets the test results to that lawyer,” Lance told her. “We’re planning our wedding for October.”
“That’s great,” Lindsay said and was relieved her brother was getting over his shock of Everett’s death. “We’ve been looking at dresses all day.”
“Lindsay, I know this is a lot to ask of you, but will you be my maid of honor?” Marnie asked and looked hopeful. “I don’t know anybody in Georgia and I’d be lost planning all this.”
Lindsay could have never seen herself as Marnie Slade’s maid of honor. She smiled at the irony of it and agreed. Dinner lightened up after that. Lance was quiet but he was done kicking himself over his father’s death. 
Jace arrived back when she finished the dishes. He walked through the wall and looked shell-shocked over his dad’s death. He waited until Marnie left the kitchen to speak.
“The kids are taking it pretty hard,” he said and lounged against the wall, avoiding her gaze. “No amount of money makes up for that, ya know?”
“I know Jace,” she said gently and came forward, looking at him in understanding. “Did you know that Lance is going to buy your farm back for the kids?”
Jace looked surprised and then pleased. “It’s been in our family for over eighty years. It should go to Dougie and Sara. That should make them feel better at least.”
“I know you’re taking this hard but you can’t blame yourself anymore, Jace.”
“He bought the ticket the day after I filled out the slip,” he confided with obvious relief.
“You see? You didn’t help this along.”
“Lindsay, I gotta get out of here,” he said suddenly and looked miserable. “We have to finish this. I can’t take this. I don’t belong here. Every day that goes by reminds me I’m not a part of this anymore.”
Lindsay felt panic at his words. She set down the dish cloth and tears sprang into her eyes to think of his leaving for good. She reminded herself why he came back at all. It was never to stay. 
“We’ll do this, Jace,” she promised and smiled sadly as a tear slid down her cheek. “We’ll get Cameron, you’ll see.”
“I don’t even care anymore!” Jace raged and she saw he was losing it over his dad. “It doesn’t matter! At the end of the day I’m still dead! I won’t ever be able to get that back!”
“No, but you get to say you put the guy away who did this, Jace!” she whispered furiously. “He took everything we had, and everything we could have had! I’m not just walking away and calling it good! I have to live without you now! How am I going to do that without getting some closure?”
Jace hung his head and she wished she could hug him. He was torn up over Everett and questioning his desire for revenge now. She could see her words worked on him to a degree. He looked at her with resolve in his dark, glimmering eyes. Seeing he was close to tears too made her long for some way to console him.
“Lindsay, my pa carried around a picture of me and my ma. He had it in his hand the last time I saw him. I know he cared about us.”
She saw he struggled with his own resentment now. 
“Jace, he had to have cared about you guys. You need to quit beating yourself up and look at it like it was. He was sick. He couldn’t help himself.”
“I know I just keep wishing I could have helped him. I appreciate Lance taking care of the funeral,” he replied and smiled faintly. “I still can’t get over the fact he’s my brother.”
“Maybe everything happens for a reason, Jace,” she whispered softly. “I have to think that. I know you said there’s no predestined thing at work here, but losing you gave the kids Lance. I don’t know if my mom would have ever told me if you hadn’t died.”
Jace smiled wider at her words. “I’d like to think something good came out of this, Lindsay.”
“We’re going to finish this, Jace,” she said quietly, eyes filled with grim resolve. “I won’t rest until he pays.”
Chapter Twenty
The funeral for Everett turner was a somber affair. The turnout was considerable even by Little Bend’s standards. Sara and Dougie lost so much these last few months. They appeared to hold it together through the funeral. Dougie was having a hard time. Jack took him home and they skipped going to Reddy’s for the dinner afterward.
Sara was composed but looked lost as she sat in the booth with Deborah. Lindsay knew the girl was feeling like the orphan she now was, even if Evie was never there for them. Learning Lance was giving them the farm perked her up. When Marnie asked her to be a bridesmaid the girl was much improved.
While she and Marnie chatted about dresses Lindsay stood with Jace at the buffet tables, watching Everett’s friends file in to pay their respects. She could see he was feeling miserable he couldn’t participate, only watch the sad affair with nothing to offer.
  “Lance did a good thing here, Lindsay,” was all he said while they endured the mourner’s comings and goings.
Deborah took Sara home and Lindsay helped pack up some food to take home. Marnie carried the Styrofoam boxes out to the truck as Lance spoke with the reverend who conducted the service. She was proud of her brother. 
He rose to the occasion. He laid a foundation for a relationship with his siblings if they wanted it. Something told her they would once he and Marnie were settled in Georgia. 
She knew from Jace who liked to listen in on conversations it was already discussed. Jack thought Dougie might need his big brother now and agreed to send both kids for the summers if they wanted to go. It was baby steps but it was a start.
“I’m ready to go,” Jace informed her after she finished up boxing up food. “Let’s get out of here.”
She glanced at him and could see the day wore on him, being unable to be of any comfort to his brother and sister during their grief. It was so like Jace to feel bad about not being able to feel bad.
“Alright, I’m ready,” Lindsay told him.
Lindsay drove back to the apartment and they sat in the truck for awhile without talking. She knew he was suffering more than anyone else, had more issues with his father he never resolved.
“Jace, it’s ok to be angry,” she told him after awhile. “I was when you died. I was even mad at you for being in the wrong place at the wrong time. It’s normal.”
“I thought I hated him, Lindsay,” he said as he looked out the window. “I thought this would feel different.”
“He was still your dad, Jace. You might have been disappointed but it wasn’t hate.”
“At least he’s with my ma now. I know she was waiting for him.”
“One good thing is you can leave here knowing you don’t have to worry about all of us, Jace,” she said and smiled. “We’re all going to be okay, don’t you see that?”
“Yeah, I got half what I came here for,” he agreed and looked subdued. “No matter what happens I’m leaving on Sunday. I’ve been having other people cover for me while I’ve been gone, making excuses why I took off. To stay any longer would put them in a tight spot.”
Lindsay wondered with some trace of jealousy if he referred to this Daphne she heard so much about. He regaled her with some of the tales from Oblivion, enough to know he told her only half of what his real mission there was. 
“The party is tomorrow night after commencements,” she said and grabbed her purse as she got out of the truck. “We’re going to The Point afterward. It’s our last chance before you leave.”
“Whether he admits it or not, I don’t want you taking any chances Lindsay,” he warned. “Cameron is sick. He would think nothing of killing you.”
“Sheriff Wilson will be out there, you forget. I’m not as worried knowing you’ll be there.”
“You just keep your cool when you go to graduation,” Jace said and eyed her knowingly. “Don’t let them take that from you too. When you walk across that stage; you just think that’s your ticket out of here like you always wanted.”
“You know, all these years I just wanted out of this place,” she mused and shook her head. “Now I’m kind of sad to be leaving.”
“Just don’t ever look back, Lindsay,” he said softly and shook his head. “It’s a waste of time.”
“I know but we have so many memories here, Jace.”
“Go make new ones, Linds. That’s what it’s all about,” he urged and she could see in his eyes he wanted her to go.
She went inside and set the food on the counter, seeing the answering machine was flashing. It was Sheriff Wilson. She hit play. She called him back right away. He answered on the first ring.
“I got word from Dan that Cameron’s court date was moved to next month. We got some time now. Marianne told my wife she’s sending him to his grandparents until then. We got to do this thing and we got to do it now. He isn’t coming back until his court date.”
“I’m going up to The Point after graduation,” she told him. “He’ll be buzzed up and feel safe with all his friends around him. It’s perfect.”
“I don’t like it, Lindsay,” he said with a heavy sigh. “Lots of woods up there. Can’t you get to him at his house?”
“His mom and dad aren’t going to let me get anywhere near him,” she told him. “You forget I’m the one who turned him in? No, this is perfect. He’ll talk. I know he will.”
“I’m going to have a hell of a time covering you if anything goes down, Lindsay. You need to take that gun,” he warned.
“I will, don’t worry. I’ve been practicing too.”
“He comes after you just shoot the little son-of-a-bitch,” the sheriff told her. “Don’t take any chances.”
“We need to make sure that wire is set up,” she said and her eyes found Jace watching her grimly from the doorway of the kitchen. “I want to make sure you hear everything.”
“What time is graduation?”
“It’s at one-thirty. The party starts at eight,” she told him. “Meet me in my lot at three-thirty and make sure that thing’s working.”
“No problem. Lindsay, I don’t know how to thank you for doing this,” he told her solemnly. “I know it’s been hard on you. Just know Jace will get the justice he deserves come Saturday.”
“That’s what I want more than anything, Sheriff.”
She hung up and could see Jace was regretting his decision to give into her. He brooded over it now. She could see it in his eyes.
“Nothing is going to go wrong, Jace,” she told him with a fleeting smile. “I can do this. You just make sure you’re right there with me.”
~ ~ ~
Lindsay was up at nine in the morning on Saturday for a day of beauty with her mom and Sara. Her mom got money out of her dad and was taking her to the salon for a cut and a manicure.
She looked at the dress they picked out for graduation hanging on the back of her door wistfully. It was a rose-colored flower pattern. Her mother was so excited she could hardly contain herself. Her graduation party was planned for the weekend. Her mom didn’t want Everett’s funeral to over shadow her daughter’s big day.
Jace rolled his eyes after Sara and Deborah arrived. “You’re on your own, babe. I’m out of here. I’ll meet you back here at three.”
“Where are you going?” she asked with unease in her voice.
“I’m going to check in on Cam and see how the ghosts have been treating him,” Jace replied with a gleam in his eye. “If I know Artie and Sal they probably drove Cam out of his mind this week.”
Lindsay nodded and watched as her boyfriend walked through the wall. She was shaking her head to know so many ghosts wandered around Little Bend. Knowing that gave her the willies, despite his assertions they were harmless. 
Within an hour Deborah and Sara arrived, both looking delighted to go to the salon. The downside was Cameron’s mother owned the only salon in town. Deborah assured her she’d keep an eye on Marianne if she was working that day. With it being graduation the place would be packed by noon. Even with appointments it would be a zoo up there.
They left and Lindsay started feeling excitement finally. Just knowing Jace would be there to share her special day with her was enough for her to allow the facial and massage her mother insisted upon.
Lindsay allowed herself to be pampered today, knowing what the night had in store for her. Tonight would be the last opportunity to get to Cameron. Jace was leaving to return to Oblivion tomorrow. A lump formed in her throat to think of him going back there. He assured her it wasn’t so bad.
They arrived in the nick of time, getting in right before the waiting area filled up. Lindsay was in the chair next to Sara when Rosemarie and her friends came in. They saw Lindsay and rolled their eyes, whispering and making comments behind their hands. She ignored them, smiling reassuringly at Sara as she got her hair trimmed.
“Don’t pay her any mind, Lindsay,” Sara warned her and eyed the girls with a disgusted expression. “After today, you never have to see them again.”
“Yeah, I won’t, will I?” she asked and smiled as she got up from the chair and went to the back of the salon to get her massage and pedicure. She was relieved she wasn’t anywhere near Rosemarie for the duration of their stay in the salon. 
The nail tech worked in the back. By the time her pedicure was done; the girls were gone. She was relieved, not wanting their day spoiled with snooty girls from school. It stung to know everyone turned on her after Jace died. 
While she got her facial and massage and reviled in the reduction of stress, she saw Rosemarie returned alone. She ignored her as she came in the back and sat down for her pedicure. Rosemarie looked over at her and looked definitely catty.
“I’m surprised you’re even showing up at commencements, Lindsay,” she noted with a smirk.
“Why? I earned it, Rosemarie. Trust me I won’t be paying you or anybody else any attention while I’m there,” Lindsay snapped and was grateful her massage was done. She sat up and returned to the dressing room to get her shirt back on, holding the towel around her chest.
“You might want to think twice before showing up,” she said as Lindsay came back out.
“You can have your little friends boo me all you want, Rosemarie,” she said as she advanced on her, glaring at her in disgust. “I’m graduating today whether you like it or not. I have just as much right to be there as anybody else, maybe more. Since I tutored half our class at some point; I’m sure they realize that too, so back off!”
Rosemarie’s smirk faded and her pretty face turned an angry red. “You’re going to pay for what you did to Cam! He lost the scholarship because of you!”
“No, he lost the scholarship on his own because he was dealing drugs!” Lindsay snapped. “You can blame me all you guys want. I don’t even care anymore. In another month I’m out of here, and never have to see you people again.”
Lindsay turned on her heal and left before Rosemarie had a chance to say another word. Deborah and Sara looked at her in approval as she joined them at the nail tech’s station. After the first coat of polish, her mother looked over with amusement in her gaze.
“You get that from me,” she confided as she looked down at her nails. “Good for you.”
“I’ve had enough, Mom,” Lindsay said as she selected a color of nail polish and watched as the tech buffed her nails and filed them. “I can’t wait for this day to be over.”
“You just enjoy this, honey. It’s your day and you earned it.”
Sara lowered her voice and bent near. “I overheard them saying they were all going to boo when you walk across the stage.”
“Let them, just shows their intelligence,” Lindsay said and rolled her eyes.
“I don’t know if I could be so brave, Lindsay,” the girl whispered and looked sad. “I know what you tried to do for Jace. I got a plan of my own today.”
“What are you going to do?” Lindsay asked and smiled as Sara had a secretive look on her face.
“You’ll see,” was all the girl would tell her.
~ ~ ~
The school parking lot was packed and overrun with students, teachers, and parents when they arrived. Bill Morgan and Margene arrived and kept a respectful distance. Her father approached her alone and kissed her cheek, looking down at her proudly. He handed her a velvet box and a card.
She forgave him for being a jerk as soon as she opened the box and saw it was a beautiful strand of pearls. The card was encouraging and enclosed was a crisp one hundred dollar bill.
“I’m so proud of you, Lindsay,” he said and hugged her briefly before he exchanged pleasantries with her mother. She was surprised to see them being so cordial. The divorce was final that week. 
“I’m proud of you too, Mom,” she said as she saw Deborah Morgan seemed unaffected by Margene’s presence there. “You’re a class act.”
“I got Jack now, Lindsay,” she said with a laugh. “I’m the lucky one here.”
Seeing Margene wearing a tight tacky dress that did nothing for her pregnant shape, she had to agree. The younger woman didn’t hold a candle to her mother and everybody saw it but her dad. It was his loss.
“Now you just don’t worry about anything, Lindsay,” Sara was saying as they walked to the football field where everyone was lining up. “I got this.”
Lindsay smiled and put on her dark blue gown. Her mom fussed and fretted over her cap, bobby-pinning it to keep it on. She adjusted the white and blue tassel and smiled proudly.
“God, it seems like yesterday I was taking you to kindergarten,” her mom said and got teary-eyed.
“Stop Mom, you’re going to get me going again,” Lindsay said and smiled, feeling butterflies in her stomach now.
Her mom was joined by Jack and Dougie by then. They were parking the car and joined them. The next few minutes were spent taking pictures with her parents and with Sara and Dougie. Margene was surprised when she insisted she be in the photos with her dad.
Lindsay realized Margene was going to be her stepmother whether she liked it or not. Her dad refused to listen to Lance when he told him about the affair. He believed Margene when she said he made it all up to ruin their relationship. Lindsay figured he deserved to find out on his own, disgusted he would take her word over his son’s.
Finally it was time to find her place in line. She was nervous as she approached, glad she was in the M’s and everybody who hated her was up front. She was startled to see Jace dangling from the bleachers above. He grinned as he looked down at her and whistled.
“Lookin’ good, Morgan,” he called out. “You just walk and keep your head up. I’m here and I’ll be with you every step of the way.”
Lindsay smiled at him and he winked down at her. She was nervous despite his words, hoping she got through this without falling apart. She was prepared to be booed when she walked; knowing Cam’s friends all planned it. She was determined she wouldn’t let them spoil it.
The graduation address droned on and on and suddenly the line started moving. Scattered applause was heard as students went to collect their diplomas. By the time it got to her, Lindsay was shaking in her new beige leather pumps. Jace was at her elbow by then.
“This is it, Lindsay,” he was saying as he walked with her to the steps. “You better keep that smile on your face. Don’t even sweat this.”
“Easy for you to say,” she mumbled under her breath as she fidgeted with her tassel, shoving it out of her face. “You’re not about to be humiliated before the whole town.”
“Lindsay, I go this,” he said smugly, sounding just like Sara had earlier.
Before she could ask him what he meant her name was called. She was overwhelmed with the racket as she walked across the stage. Bull horns, whistles, and loud cheering greeted her, drowning out the rude booing of a half dozen of her classmates that dwindled away looking embarrassed as her parents, their partners, Marnie, Lance, and the kids made so much noise it was all you could hear in the vicinity of the stage.
She accepted her diploma and the noise grew louder, making her smile widely as she saw Jace waiting for her on the other side of the stage. She eyed him with a glimmer of tears in her eyes as the flashes of cameras went off.
“You did good, thank you,” she whispered as she walked to the other side of the stage where he waited for her.
“Nobody’s gonna mess with my girl today,” he said proudly as he walked down the steps with her.
Lindsay felt like she was ten feet tall at that moment and knew she’d never forget it as long as she lived. She returned to where the other graduates sat, glad none paid her any mind as she took her seat. Jace was sitting in the space next to her, grinning ear to ear. 
“I’m glad I got to be here for you, Linds.”
“Me too,” she said under her breath.
“Keep smiling, Cameron’s watching,” he told her and her gaze followed his to where Cameron sat glowering back at her.
“Flip him the bird,” Jace told her and she giggled.
“No, I’d rather let him know he didn’t ruin this for me,” she said and smiled even wider as Cameron turned back around in his seat.
She was glad Jace was there when the final address was given to the Class of 2011. Cheers went up with their caps. The applause was deafening. Jace managed to catch her cap in midair by focusing on it, bringing it back to her lap.
He walked with her to where her family sat, still smiling.
Lindsay got hugs and more pictures were taken with her brother and Marnie who arrived late. She was glad Jace was there standing next to her during the pictures, making her smile even deeper. He was draping an arm around her and she leaned into him, feeling the day turned out absolutely perfect when they finally headed to the car. 
Her mom was teary-eyed and engulfed her in a tight hug. “My baby is graduated!” she exclaimed once more and Jack smiled indulgently at her.
“Let’s go back to my place. I got burgers and hotdogs,” he was saying and looked over at Bill and Margene. “You two are welcome to join us. It’s Lindsay’s day.”
Bill declined and Margene looked irritated, obviously wanting to go.
Lindsay was glowing after the ceremony. Sara hugged her and looked up at her with a smile.
“Didn’t I tell you I had this?” she said.
“Yeah, you did good. Sounds like something Jace would do.”
She smiled at that and rejoined Lindsay’s mom and Jack. Jace stood with her and looked less pleased now.
“I’m following Cameron and sticking to him like glue. I’ll meet you at your place to wait for Wilson.”
Jace ran than, a blur that flew across the school parking lot and beyond. She shook her head, still amazed by some of the things he could do. Her heart clenched at the thought of his leaving tomorrow. This would be his last night in her world. It seemed fitting they tie up this loose end before he left.
“Lindsay, hurry up!” Deborah called as they headed to the car. “We want to get ahead of the traffic.”
She picked up her steps and followed, feeling better every step she took. This day couldn’t have been more perfect if Jace was alive to be here and graduate with her. This was it. The rest of her life lay out in front of her and beyond. Suddenly she was excited about the future, even if the guy she loved wasn’t going to be there.
Lindsay learned a lot about herself. She was stronger than she’d ever realized. She could survive without Jace. Just knowing he made it back one last time to help her through this gave her the courage to keep going, for him.
The barbecue was a festive affair. She received gifts when they were cutting her cake. Jack bought her a beautiful leather satchel for school and it was filled with school supplies. She stared at it in surprise, knowing how much it must have cost. Her mother was beaming as she hugged her. Lance got her a new laptop and hugged her tightly when she started to cry.
It was a perfect day and she was sad when she made her excuses to go and get ready for the party. She would have liked to hang out with her family, not track down and worm a confession out of Cameron. It had to be done. 
She arrived two minutes ahead of Sheriff Wilson. He came into the apartment and handed her a gift. She was touched when she opened it and saw the silver pen set with her name engraved on them. She didn’t know what to say.
“Let’s do this thing, huh?” he asked and opened a case on the table to show her the listening device. He showed her how it worked. It would be a live microphone on her end and recording at his. He assured her it worked. He sat in his car to listen to her talking before he told her it was a go.
He came back inside and stared at her soberly. “I’m going to get as close as I can without tipping anybody off I’m there. We need a buzz word if you’re in trouble.”
“Like a code word?”
“Yeah, you say this word and I’m on him.”
“Ok, how about if I say just say the word ‘buzz’?”
“That’s real original,” the sheriff said with a chuckle. “Fine, you say the word buzz and I’m there.”
Sheriff Wilson left and Lindsay scooped up the microphone. It pinned inside her bra and she was comforted to know he would move in as close as he could when she confronted Cameron. Jace assured her he would be there the whole time. 
Lindsay was nervous as she went to her bedroom to change. Jace would be here any time now. She wondered why he followed Cameron. She knew he used his status as a ghost to listen in on people. He hoped to listen to Cameron and his friends and learn of their plans. He knew this was Cameron’s last chance to get to her too. He wouldn’t waste such an opportunity, knowing he was leaving the next day for his grandparent’s house. 
Lindsay knew everyone counted on her getting a confession from Cameron. She just prayed she could stay alive to do that. The car bomb was just a warning, meant to scare her. She had no doubt he meant to kill her; knew it when he confronted her in Merriman’s and glared back at her at commencements. He wouldn’t be satisfied until she was dead.
~ ~ ~
“She won’t show up. She’s scared out of her mind,” Matt said and rolled his eyes. “I say we get her out of the apartment. Go have some fun with her.”
Cameron’s eyes gleamed as he drove away from the school. “She’ll show up. Dooley says she’s been snitching for Wilson all this time.”
“What are we gonna do?” Matt wanted to know, looking excited, his eyes taking on a feverish glow.
“The same thing we did to Jace,” Cameron replied and gazed at his companion with a feral look in his eyes. “It was all perfect until that bitch got to Marnie and she changed her story.”
“Yeah, too bad he died so quick too. I only got to stab him a few times. You said I could do more this time,” Matt whined.
“I get her first,” Cameron said coldly and glared at his friend and partner in crime. “She wrecked my life.”
“What are we going to do with all those people up there, Cameron?” Matt asked. 
Cameron looked thoughtful. “I’ll think of something. You just take care of what I asked you too. She’s not getting out of there alive.”
“Can I kill Marnie at least?” Matt asked in a plaintive voice. “You never let me do hardly anything!”
“We risk enough killing Lindsay right now. Everybody on that mountain tonight needs to be my alibi that I was there the whole time. I need you to be visible and everybody will say they saw me. You just do what I say.”
“What if somebody finds out?”
“They’re going to be so trashed none of them are going to know which way is up. Besides it’ll be dark and you’ll be wearing my jersey and hat. Just stay away from the bonfire.”
“Cameron, I don’t have a good feeling about this.”
“I’m not leaving here until she’s dead!” Cameron said coldly. “Everything would have been perfect if she hadn’t wrecked things!”
 “You still think his ghost is after you?” Matt asked and giggled. 
“He came back for her. I don’t expect anybody to believe me,” Cameron said harshly. “She can join him now for all I care,”
“Whatever! Just let me slice up Marnie. You promised!”
“My ex-girlfriend can wait. I know where she’s going. She won’t see it coming. We’ll go on a little road trip in a few months and get her then.”
“Can I cut her first this time?” Matt asked hopefully.
“Yeah, you can do whatever you want this time.”
Matt looked pleased and sat back in the passenger seat and went back to playing with the radio. 
Jace sat back in the backseat with a look of rage in his eyes, longing to kill Cameron and Matt both. It wasn’t just Cameron that day. He absorbed their words in shock. Matt helped him with the killing. They did it together. He recalled nothing of Matt attacking him. He’d been too far gone, bleeding out and dying by then; unaware his assailants switched out.
The fact they’d done it for the enjoyment of it disgusted him. Knowing they meant to kill Lindsay and later on Marnie made his decision. Whatever happened tonight; these two boys he’d known since grade school weren’t leaving that mountain. He wouldn’t want to leave this world knowing he left these two monsters behind.
They killed for fun in some sick perverse way he couldn’t imagine. They would kill again; he was sure of it. The cops weren’t even looking at Matt as a suspect. Even if Lindsay managed to get Cameron to confess tonight; Matt would still be out there on the loose. He waited in the woods that day when Cameron lured him out there. They worked together.
If Cameron walked away from this as they feared; they would be going after Marnie too. Jace wished he could summon his focus to flip the Mustang and kill them both. He didn’t dare use any bit of his energy now. He would need every bit to protect his girlfriend from these two deranged killers.
~ ~ ~
The group of ghosts all listened to Jace in horrified silence. Sal looked outraged. If Artie could have barfed, he would have.
“What do ya want us to do, Boss?” Sal asked with a cold gleam in his eye. “We want in on this.”
“I’m asking you to help me take them out if it comes to that.”
Silence greeted his request. The ghosts all looked afraid and muttered to themselves, clearly unwilling to go that far, even for their new friend.
“We can’t take that chance, Jace,” Sal said sadly and shook his head. The old, Italian man met his gaze bleakly. “We’re still waiting to be saved, Boss.”
Jace fumed as he paced within their group. The dozen or so he managed to round up lacked his control. They were good at making noise but their skills weren’t developed as they should be for what he needed them to do. Now, they seemed unwilling to believe him that nobody was ever coming for them.
“These guys like killing people,” he told them and his face was grim. “They’ll do it again. I heard them talking about it. They do it for fun!”
“Wait a minute,” Artie grumbled. “We can’t do what you want us to do. We’ll be stuck here forever. I don’t know about you guys, but I’m out. I’m not risking going to Hell for anything.”
Jace lost patience then. He had an hour before he met Lindsay. He didn’t have time for this. He decided the ghosts deserved to hear the truth.
“Nobody’s coming!” he told them in a grating voice and shook his head. “You got lost or something. They aren’t coming for you. You’re just stuck here. You’re worse off than I was on the other side. People cross over in that place at least.”
Sal looked angry at that. “You mean we been standin’ around waitin’ all this time and nobody’s comin’ for us?”
“That’s right,” Jace said and eyed them sadly. “I’m sorry, but it’s the truth. I wish I could tell you different, but look around. I bet most of these ghosts have been here a long time already.”
“What year is it?” a woman asked and looked miserable.
“It’s 2011,” Jace told her and she looked dazed.
“I’ve been here almost fifty years,” the woman said and looked like she would cry. “I wasn’t a bad person. I drowned in my pool. Why am I here still?”
“I died of leukemia,” the hippie said and looked sad. “Guess somebody forgot me.”
“How’d you die, Sal?” Jace asked, seeing they all believed him and digested his news.
“I choked on a piece of my wife’s leftover cannelloni,” he muttered and rolled his eyes. “Bada Bing this is bad news, guys. I don’t know about you but I ain’t waitin’ here no more.”
“It’s the truth,” Jace told them all. “I don’t know why you all got left here. All I can tell you is whether you help me or not you’re still gonna be here when it’s all over.”
“I’ll help ya on one condition,” Sal said and frowned. “I wanna get outta here. You take me back wherever you came from and I’ll help ya wack these two clowns.”
“You got a deal,” Jace told him, grinning at his words. 
“I ain’t hangin’ around here no more,” Sal said in disgust and looked at the others. “What do ya say? You guys in or out?”
Artie was the only one who seemed the most resistant. He glared and stomped away, walking through the walls of Cameron’s neighbors house to pout.
“Don’t mind him, kid,” Sal said and grinned. “He’ll come around.”
“I meant what I said,” Jace called out, speaking to all twenty of the ghosts. “You help me and you can go back with me. People from there have crossed over. You stay and you take your chances.”
Sal smiled at him. “I’ll talk to them, kid. Where do ya want us to meet you?”
“Merriman’s parking lot at seven o’clock,” he told him. “I need to finish this tonight. We leave tomorrow.”
Sal nodded and he left him to handle the other ghosts all arguing and talking amongst themselves. Jace left knowing Sal would work them all over. The old man knew nobody was coming, unlike the others. He’d been there since the forties. He should know.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay was dressed and ready when Jace got there. From the look on his face as he walked through her bedroom door without warning, he wasn’t real happy.
“Lindsay, I need to talk to you before we do this,” Jace said and by the look on his face and his tone she slid onto the edge of her bed, wide-eyed.
“What is it?”
“Cameron didn’t kill me by himself, Lindsay. He had help.”
“What do you mean?”
“Cameron lured me out there. Matt was waiting for us, Lindsay. They did it together.”
She looked horrified and didn’t know what to say.
“This is too dangerous,” he said and looked shaken by what he learned. “Now do you see? Even if you get a confession from Cameron Matt’s still walking around free. They plan on going after Marnie next. You can’t go tonight! I won’t put you in danger. They’re expecting you to show up.”
“Why would they expect me to show up? They just blew up my car and he threatened to kill me downstairs. Why would I go to his party?”
“Dooley told them your working for Wilson,” Jace said grimly. “That’s why Cameron never confessed. He knew you were wearing a wire the whole time. It’s done, Lindsay. It’s over. They’re planning on killing you tonight.”
“Then we need to go more than ever, don’t you see?” she asked and looked frantic. “If he gets away with this; he knows where to find me and Marnie. He’ll bide his time, Jace. He’ll go after us later.”
“I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to you, Lindsay,” he said in a ravaged voice, his face stark with pain.
“And I won’t ever be safe with these two guys out there and you know it,” she pointed out and looked frightened. 
“We’ll think of something else,” he replied stubbornly.
“Jace, the cops don’t even know about Matt. That’s why they couldn’t charge Cameron. That’s what Wilson told me. They didn’t find Cameron’s DNA at the scene because he’s too smart. They found Matt’s and it didn’t match up. Now do you see?”
“How did Cameron keep from leaving any evidence behind?” Jace asked and felt sick to think of that day again, images of the burning pain as the knife slashed away at him making him recoil.
 “I don’t know. Maybe he wore gloves or coveralls or something. Don’t you remember anything of that morning?”
“He went in the trees to take a piss. The next thing I knew he was stabbing me. He could have put something on out there. Who knows?”
“That’s why the cops and the FBI were so willing to go along with the drifter and robbery theory. Now do you see? He’s using Matt to cover his tracks because Matt’s sloppy. If they ever get caught; Matt would be charged, not Cameron.”
“I won’t put you at risk.”
“I’m already at risk and have been since I agreed to this. I can’t believe Dooley tipped them off.”
“You have to tell Wilson he’s helping Cameron.”
“I want to do this even more now,” Lindsay said and looked outraged. “I won’t be looking over my shoulder for them, Jace. If their sick like you said they won’t stop with me and Marnie. Can you leave tomorrow knowing you didn’t try to put them away?”
“I’m not so worried about that anymore.”
Something in his words made her stiffen. She saw the coldness in his eyes and knew what he planned to do. Fear for him made her jump up and go to him.
“You can’t do this, Jace,” she implored him. “You could jeopardize you’re passing on to the other side.”
“Why do you think Wilson gave you the gun, Lindsay?” Jace asked her without breaking her gaze.
Lindsay swallowed hard. “For my protection.”
“No, I think he knows Cameron is going to get away with this. He wouldn’t have ever given a civilian a gun in a million years; especially an eighteen year-old girl. He’s been a cop for over thirty years, Lindsay. He knows the way this is going to play out.”
“What are you saying?” she said and gaped at him as understanding grew.
“He knows Cameron is going to try something before he leaves. He’s not so worried about a confession anymore either, Linds.”
Lindsay wanted to feel angry to know Sheriff Wilson played her. She had to agree his giving her the gun was a bit strange. He told her to shoot Cameron if he went after her and not ask questions. Her face paled to know she was being sent in to kill Cameron, not get a confession as she thought. The wire just covered her in case questions were asked.
He had to have known she was going to have to use the gun or he wouldn’t have given it to her in the first place. She felt stupid and it showed in her face.
“Lindsay, don’t you see? There’s no other way. Wilson knows it already.”
“I don’t think I can shoot him, Jace,” she said and began to tremble all over. “I hate him for killing you and I know he’s sick, but I don’t know if I can do it.”
“You just get him alone, get him to admit it. I’ll do the rest.”
Her eyes filled with dread. “You could wind up down there forever Jace.”
“You’re worth it, babe,” he told her and they stared at one another sadly.
“There has to be another way,” she began and he shook his head.
“Wilson already beat this one into the dirt, Lindsay. He sees the big picture. This is my justice if I want it.”
Lindsay sat back down and tried to get her breathing under control. Finally she put her head between her knees; her head swimming. Her head started to hurt from the stress of the whole day. She thought of the gun in her purse and her mouth went dry.
Jace deserved his justice, but at what price?
“Lindsay, if you want to back out you can,” he said as he regarded her with a resolved expression. “I know what I have to do.”
She looked up and took a deep breath. “No, I’m in. Let’s do this.”
Chapter Twenty-One
Gary pulled into the wooded clearing and found a place to hide his car. He looked with his binoculars to peruse the group of teenagers drinking and carrying on below. It was almost eight o’clock. He saw no sign of Lindsay yet. He knew she would be here. He felt bad for what had to happen.
He knew Cameron would take the bait. The kid knew it was his last chance to get his hands on Lindsay and he would try something. He prayed the girl had the sense to use the gun her first opportunity. 
Confessions like his would make the trigger pull easier. When she heard how he tortured and killed her boyfriend from his own lips; she wouldn’t hesitate to shoot him. The confession just got her off the hook with Dooley.
He knew it was wrong to send her in blind like this; but he knew human nature well. Her not knowing would insure a better result. If anything went wrong, he would have much to answer for. Nobody knew what he was doing for that reason. The wire was taken out of the station under Dooley’s nose and the gun was unregistered and untraceable.
He felt guilt again to know he used her as bait. It was a means to an end to put Cameron where he belonged; in Hell. Thoughts of him killing again kept him up at night since this whole thing began. He wouldn’t be able to enjoy his retirement until Jace Turner’s murderer was six feet under.
He saw the truck coming down the road and tensed. He could see Cameron and his friends were all there. Lindsay would be alone, except for him watching in the woods. He had to admit she had guts. She must have loved the Turner kid to do this.
He expected her to bail on him weeks ago when the boys blew up her car. He was surprised when she insisted on continuing to help him. He knew he was taking this case too personally. What other way could anybody take it? 
The murderer was on his way to becoming a full blown serial killer. Jace was probably his first kill. It was just a warm up to his future victims and Gary saw it all before. Thirty years as a cop trained him to see the monster lurking within Cameron Chase’s eyes right off the bat.
He watched Lindsay pull into The Point, tensing to see the expression on Cameron’s face as he saw her. The murderous rage was hidden behind a seemingly angelic face. He would take many unaware in such a way. No one would see Cameron coming at them until it was too late.
He went back to his car and adjusted the monitor.
“Are you there, Sheriff?” she said loud and clear. “I know why you didn’t find a DNA match. It wasn’t Cam’s because he has a friend helping him. Matt Lauder is the other killer.”
Gary’s eyes widened. He didn’t see that coming. Two killers; now it made sense why they continued to stray from Cameron to the drifter theory, even with the evidence pointing to Cameron Chase. DNA evidence was used to deflect away from the real killer.
He was the only one who insisted Cameron was guilty; just by his gut. Everybody from the Feds on down bought what they were seeing. They were looking for one killer with unmistakable DNA; not two.
He had no way of communicating with Lindsay but he realized she was in deep. The Lauder kid was there. She had to deal with two of them. He’d like to know how she found out about Matt Lauder.
Gary started recording and got out of his car. He couldn’t let her do this alone. Taking down Cameron was one thing but she had two of these animals after her. He opened his trunk and took out his gun, tucking it in his waistband before he walked into the woods, looking for a good spot to watch everything.
He kept his eyes on Cameron. He was wearing his school jersey and a baseball hat, circulating among the growing crowd of kids. There had to be nearly a hundred kids gathered down there now, coming in waves of ten to twenty every fifteen minutes.
Once the party was in full swing things were going to get dicey. He needed to keep his eyes on Lindsay and Cameron. He suddenly wished he’d brought Bob in on this. The deputy could have been some help out here tonight. He was getting too old for this. 
He fumed as the mosquitoes started in on him, cursing under his breath. He readjusted his position and looked for Cameron, frowning to see he moved away from the bonfire, waiting at the edge of the group.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay looked at Jace in surprise, taking his word for it twenty ghosts rode in the bed of the truck. She couldn’t see them or hear them like Jace. They were there to help in exchange for his taking them back with him to the place called Oblivion.
“Are those people you work with going to say anything about you bringing them back with you?” she asked and felt uneasy knowing she had a truckload of ghosts, even if Jace assured her they were harmless.
“No, I’m not sure of anything, Lindsay,” he told her as he looked at the growing party in dismay. “I can’t leave them here. I don’t care what any of them say back there. They’ve been here long enough. Nobody’s coming for them. What am I supposed to do?”
“No, I get it, the more the merrier, right?” she asked and giggled. “I just thought you were trying to sneak back and stay under the radar. Kind of hard when you bring back twenty ghosts with you.”
Jace grinned. “They think I’m out exploring. Sal and the others will go along with it. They just want out of here.”
“Is being here that bad for you?” she wanted to know, hurt in her gaze.
Jace could see his words wounded her. “No, I love being here with you, Lindsay. It’s not being a part of it anymore; watching life go on and yours is over. It’s like torture watching you just driving my old truck.”
Lindsay saw the party was in full swing and felt trepidation as she adjusted the microphone in her bra. She looked at Jace and appeared nervous. 
“Come on, let’s do this.”
“You guys ready?” Jace called back to the other ghosts. They all agreed and some were even already out of the truck, wandering around the party. Jace wasn’t worried. They knew what to do.
“I’m gonna go find Cameron,” she said and regarded him worriedly. “Don’t leave me, Jace.”
“I won’t. I swear it,” he promised and she got out of the truck. He walked through the door and she shook her head and smiled.
“Must be nice not having to open doors.”
“That only happens here,” he told her as he came around to join her. “I try that back in Oblivion, I’d run into walls.”
She nodded and avoided talking about that place he would go back to tomorrow. They walked among the partygoers and Lindsay was surprised so many kids stopped her and wished her well.
Jace rolled his eyes as she was talking to a few people. They discussed their plans and wished her good luck before she wandered away with Jace.
“They might have been nicer to you a couple weeks ago,” he complained at her side, glaring back at the group of kids.
“Cameron has his click behind him but most kids see through his crap. I don’t think too many people will back him up anymore. School’s over,” she theorized and smiled. “After this summer most of these kids are going to leave.”
“Lindsay, you do everything I say,” Jace warned her as his eyes spied Cameron, standing across the bonfire, staring back at Lindsay with an inscrutable expression. “He’s right there. Just listen and don’t talk. Walk over to the other side and act like you don’t see him. I’ll be right behind you.”
She complied, pasting smile on her face and greeting other kids from school. Jace was right behind her. She thought of the gun in her purse and tried not to think about what was going to happen next.
“Lindsay, just stand here for a minute,” he told her. “Don’t walk off anywhere. He gets you in the woods; it’s all over. Cameron’s been coming up here since we were kids. He knows these woods better than you.”
“Where are you going?” she asked nervously under her breath.
“I’m going to go looking for Matt. Something’s not right. Lauder’s always buddied up to Cameron. I don’t see him here. I’m going to walk around. You stay put.”
“Ok, I’ll be here when you get back. Please hurry, Jace. I’m getting scared.”
Jace smiled at her and walked through the bonfire looking back and blowing a kiss at her.
“Show off,” she muttered under her breath as she watched him move among their peers.
~ ~ ~
Jace wandered around the party and looked for Matt Lauder. He frowned to see Cameron standing away from the bonfire where most of the kids stood. He was off alone, pacing out in the field behind everybody else.
He started walking towards him and as he got closer, he realized it wasn’t Cameron, but Matt, wearing Cameron’s jersey and hat. He fumed, knowing Sheriff Wilson was probably watching Matt and not Cameron now.
Lindsay was on her own, he thought. 
The other ghosts were having a ball, he saw, as he walked back. Sal was with Artie. The pair was dancing with a group of teenage girls near the back of a pickup truck holding several kegs of beer. Sal waved to him to let him know he was all over it. Not one of them wanted to stay behind when it was all over.
He knew they were all disillusioned by everything they ever knew. They would all make good additions to their group back in Oblivion. They all agreed to say they were there all along, living in their own community, if asked. He knew Raymond wouldn’t buy it, but he’d be glad for the increase in their numbers.
Jace didn’t know if it was the right thing to do or if it was even allowed. All he knew was that he couldn’t leave them here to wander aimlessly for eternity. They’d helped him this whole time, playing pranks on Cameron until he was sure his former friend was at his wits end. He was on edge now and desperate. He targeted Lindsay for all that rage now, determined to lash out at her before he was sent away.
Jace looked past the bonfire and saw Lindsay wasn’t standing there anymore and swore under his breath. The hippie and a female ghost walked up then.
“Where’s Lindsay?” he demanded. Every ghost here was supposed to stay focused on his girlfriend in this confusion.
“She got dragged over to a car to sign somebody’s yearbook,” the hippie said and rolled his eyes. “This party’s a drag. Nobody even has any good pot. Listen to that horrible music? You call that music? It sounds like screaming.”
Jace grinned as he heard the loud heavy metal blaring from a van where a sound system was set up. “Just do as I say, okay?”
The pair wandered away. He went to seek out Lindsay, growing alarmed when he didn’t find her anywhere. He looked for Cameron and he was no longer standing across from the spot where Lindsay was. He knew something went wrong. Wilson was watching Matt right now, not Cameron. Meanwhile Cameron was missing and so was his girl.
~ ~ ~
“See ya,” Lindsay said as she handed the girl back her yearbook, feeling a little better knowing some people she went to school with didn’t hate her. She stepped away to sign the yearbook and was gone for only a few minutes, thinking it wouldn’t be a big deal.
She walked back towards the bonfire, walking in between two cars when she was grabbed from behind. A hand clamped over her mouth to cut off her screams. She struggled futilely as she was dragged off into the darkness.
“You really shouldn’t wander around in the dark, Lindsay,” Cameron whispered at her ear as he yanked her away from the many cars lining the party site, pulling her farther and farther away. “I’m glad you came to say goodbye though. We got all kinds of time.”
Lindsay struggled even more, knowing she had seriously messed up by walking away from the bonfire. Nobody could see her and Cameron was dragging her to the woods. She fought and kicked, but he was too strong.
“Easy babe, don’t think I haven’t thought this through,” he said as he hefted her up and pulled her towards the edge of the trees. “Your buddy Wilson is watching Matt right now, thinking everything is fine.”
Lindsay thought of the microphone in her bra that was capturing all of this and relaxed, allowed herself to be dragged into the woods. Cameron might kill her, she realized, but everything would be caught on tape.
Hysteria filled her to know Jace couldn’t save her now. She goofed and allowed herself to be caught unaware by Cameron. The gun she still had reminded her it was far from over. Tears brightened her gaze as Cameron trudged through the woods, carrying her against his chest, his hand over her mouth to keep her from screaming.
~ ~ ~
Gary went back to his car and turned up the volume on the recorder and heard only static. He smacked the box a couple of times, but realized the microphone wasn’t working anymore. He fumed and got back to the hill and watched through his binoculars, his sights on Cameron still standing off alone drinking a beer.
He frowned. Something was wrong. Why was the kid hanging by himself? This was his party. He watched after several minutes and didn’t like the feeling of alarm he was starting to feel when he looked for Lindsay. He couldn’t find her among the other kids down at The Point. There were too many petite blonde girls. He couldn’t make her out in the growing crowd. He got up and returned to the car. He grabbed his gun off the seat and walked down the hill to the road. He had no choice. He lost communication with Lindsay and he was feeling nervous, a sure sign something went wrong. 
~ ~ ~
Jace knew Cameron had Lindsay when he failed to find either of them. Sal joined him and indicated she never returned from the yearbook signing. He ran in the direction she was last seen, standing between cars and looking high and low for her. 
He stared behind the many cars to the woods and knew Cameron had taken her. He started running, a blur through the field as he entered the woods, his vision at night better from being in Oblivion. He listened and strained to hear something.
Panic for what would happen if he didn’t find her made him speed up. As fast as he was he could catch up with them. Cameron knew these woods like the back of his hands. They spent hours out here playing hide and seek as kids. Cameron’s favorite game of Bloody Murder came to mind and he grimaced.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay clutched her purse with one hand and felt for the gun, trying to open it as Cameron dragged her through the woods. She unzipped her bag with one hand and grabbed the cold steel in her palm. She felt her heart pounding so loud in her head she couldn’t hear anything else. 
Cameron was too busy finding a place to kill her to realize she had the gun. She gripped it tightly. When they arrived in a clearing near a slow-running stream he tossed her on the ground and stood over her. He changed before her eyes. His blue eyes faded to black.
Lindsay stared up at him and her mouth opened but no sound came out, seeing it wasn’t Cameron anymore she was looking at. His eyes were completely black, empty sockets that stared back at her with no mercy within them. Faint snarls escaped his lips, his face contorted into a savage, terrifying mask of death.
Lindsay forgot about the gun, forgot about everything in that moment. Whatever this thing was; it was no longer Cameron. She screamed then, sliding away from the creature on the ground.
~ ~ ~
Gary walked among the party goers and gave the stink eye to those he knew. They ducked and dumped beer and cigarettes as he passed, mumbling apologetically. He ignored them as he looked for Lindsay everywhere. 
He felt a sense of panic to know he sent her here. If anything happened to her it was his fault. He was so sure of his own plan, he never allowed for the obvious snag of her microphone failing.
More kids recognized him and jumped out of his way as he moved among them.
He looked up and down the area of the party and his expression was grim as he spotted Cameron standing off away from everyone. He might have lost Lindsay in the confusion, but he had the kid in his sights. He didn’t think about anything but removing the threat that was Cameron Chase at that moment.   
He started walking in that direction. The loud music and dancing teenagers blocked his view for a moment. The bonfire was raging, sending smoke billowing into the air. The noise was deafening. He counted on it as he adjusted the silencer on his weapon, his eyes never leaving the kid in the jersey that drank a beer and stood alone at the edge of the woods.
Gary got about a hundred feet closer and realized it wasn’t Cameron, but Matt Lauder, wearing his friend’s jersey and hat. He spun around and ran back the other way, pushing kids out of his way to get back to the road.
~ ~ ~
Jace heard the screams and hurried, blazing through the trees, his heart in his throat to think of any harm befalling Lindsay. He was close, could hear her crying out. His only thought was to get to her side.
He saw them then, up ahead. Cameron was stalking her, his back to him. Lindsay looked horrified, transfixed as she scooted backward on the ground. Why didn’t she get up and run, he thought as he slowed and entered the clearing, his focus on Cameron at that moment.
Cameron spun around, sensing him there. He knew those eyes, having killed enough of them in Oblivion. He was looking into the empty black orbs of the demon with a sense of alarm, knowing if it got its hands on Lindsay she would be lost forever. 
A demon followed him here, got through somehow. Daphne must have not sealed the ripple well enough. Whatever happened, he brought a demon with him. The demon already took Cameron. He could care less, knowing where his murderer was going now. His only concern was the petite blonde girl inching away from the creature, a look of horror and disbelief on her face.
“Lindsay, do as I say,” he called to her, never taking his eyes off the creature. They were slow and not very smart, but they were strong. If it got a hold of him it was all over. He could kiss his soul and hers goodbye. “Do you still have the gun?”
The creature snarled at him and forgot about Lindsay for the moment. Those soulless eyes met his and a low hiss escaped its lips. It started moving in his direction now.
“Yeah…I got it,” she managed and looked like she was in shock. “What’s wrong with Cam, Jace?”
“It’s not Cam anymore, Lindsay,” Jace said in a tight voice as he poised for the creature to spring at him. “Shoot it!” he yelled at her furiously.
Lindsay’s hand shook as she pointed the gun at Cameron’s back and her expression was terrified. “What is it, Jace?”
“You don’t want to know, honey,” he replied, never taking his eyes off the creature that moved towards him. “Just shoot it!”
Lindsay bit back a sob and started firing blindly at the creature as it sprang at Jace, getting its attention. She missed and it now moved back towards her. She sobbed as she saw the empty black sockets, heard the low growling. She pointed the gun and began to fire.
~ ~ ~
Gary heard the shots and began to run in the direction of the woods. He swore as he slowed down to rest after a few minutes, blaming it on the donuts and rich food as he ran in the direction of the shots, four and then five of them. He was getting closer when he heard the sixth shot. 
He pushed thick underbrush out of his way as he hurried on, his only thoughts of Lindsay, praying he wasn’t too late. 
~ ~ ~
Jace stared down at the dead demon and back at his sobbing girlfriend and smiled. “You hit something this time, Linds.”
“What was that thing?” she managed as she threw down the gun and backed away from the body of Cameron that lay dead and unmoving.
“It was a demon. They can take any form they choose. It followed me here,” he explained and regarded her sorrowfully. “I’m sorry Lindsay. I thought the door was shut behind me. One must have gotten through and Daphne didn’t know it.”
“These things are down there with you in that place?” she asked in fear and she looked like she was ready to fall apart. 
Jace grinned and shrugged. “They’re like pests, mostly, but dangerous if they get their hands on one of us. They steal souls. This one actually had to kill you before it could take yours. It was more of a threat to me because I’m already dead.”
“I don’t get it and I don’t want to,” she replied and stared at Cameron’s lifeless form, thinking about all of this with a shake of her head. She knew she was hysterical as she got up off the ground and stared at Cameron’s eyes, now blue once more, staring up at the sky. “What does this mean for Cameron?”
Jace brooded that and avoided her gaze. “I hope he’s in Hell where he belongs.”
“You don’t know?” she asked.
He glared at her defensively then. “Lindsay, I haven’t been down there that long. I don’t know everything there is to know. Merrick isn’t here to ask.”
“Is…is…it dead?” she asked hesitantly as she stepped away from the corpse.
“Yeah, he’s dead, babe, you shot him five times,” Jace said proudly and shook his head. “Now if I could teach Daphne to shoot like that she could go out on patrols with us.”
“I think I’m gonna be sick,” she said weakly and went down on her knees in the grass and started vomiting. It was then that Sheriff Wilson crashed through the woods with his gun drawn, seeing Lindsay and the fallen Cameron, he relaxed.
“You ok, Lindsay?” he asked as he kept his gun drawn and looked around, finally going and checking Cameron’s pulse, confirming he was dead. He picked up Lindsay’s gun and put it in his coat pocket.
“Yeah, I’m ok,” she said and started to cry, looking at Jace and wishing he could hold her. “I didn’t get the confession, Sheriff. He grabbed me and dragged me here. I’m sorry.”
Gary looked at her as he came over and wrapped an arm around her shoulder as he drew her away from the sight, letting her lean on him.
“The microphone quit working. That’s why I ran down here. I got to the party and found out I was watching Matt the whole time, and not Cam.”
“He knew you’d be watching him,” she said and bit her lip. “Dooley told him I was working for you. He’s been telling them everything from the start.”
“It’s okay, he’s back to being a deputy if he even has a job.”
Gary guided Lindsay away from the clearing. Jace walked with them, eyeing his girlfriend in concern.
“You’re gonna be alright, Lindsay,” Jace told her, his brown eyes trained on her pale features. “It doesn’t matter to me if he didn’t confess.”
“What happens now, Sheriff?” Lindsay wanted to know, her eyes on Jace. “Are you going to arrest Matt for Jace’s murder?”
Sheriff Wilson smiled with little humor. “If your source is right and his DNA is a match; we got our killer. He’ll confess to Cameron’s part in this. I’d say the case is solved. Did he tell you why he did it, Lindsay?”
She looked at Jace and could see he was troubled by that too. They didn’t know beyond the thrill why the pair decided to kill Jace. The unanswered question still bothered Jace. She could tell by his expression.
“No, he didn’t say anything to me. I guess we’ll never know.”
“Lindsay, I took the gun. This whole thing never happened, do you hear? That’s the way it’s gonna stay.”
“What do you mean?” she asked and looked up at the Sheriff in alarm. “He tried to kill me! I want everybody in the town to know that.”
He sighed and looked down at her as they walked through the woods. “Lindsay, I got nothing on that tape to back you up. You got an unregistered gun too. It’s your word against a dead body. Forget about it. This’ll be blamed on the drug dealers he owes money too. I’m sorry, but this stays between us. I got reasonable cause to arrest Lauder. He’ll implicate Cameron. It’s done.”
Lindsay saw Jace nod in agreement and appeared angry that she couldn’t expose Cameron’s attacking her, but at least it was over. She shivered but not from the cold, recalling those black eyes filled with evil, thinking of Jace dealing with those creatures everyday where he was. Tomorrow he would go back there to fight more of them.
Jace was quiet when they returned to the party. Sheriff Wilson left them there and went back up to his car to call Bob to come in and arrest Matt. Lindsay and Jace kept an eye on Matt who still stood at the edge of the woods thinking the sheriff was still on the hill watching him.
Jace grinned to see Artie and Sal and the others moving towards Matt.
“This should be good,” he said as he pointed. “Keep your eyes on our buddy Matt.”
Lindsay frowned. “What’s going on? I thought you weren’t going to risk salvation for any of you?”
“They’re not going to kill him; just rough him up a little.”
Lindsay smiled and watched Matt suddenly fly backward into a tree trunk, pinned there and jerking around as he was pummeled by an unseen force. 
“It doesn’t look like he’s going anywhere until Bob gets here. I’m so glad this is over, Jace. We did it. Everybody will know the truth now about what they did to you.”
Jace shrugged. “I don’t care about any of that anymore, Lindsay. I realized it didn’t mean as much to me as you and my family when it comes right down to it.”
“When are you leaving tomorrow?” she asked with a lump in her throat, trying not to cry.
“First thing in the morning,” he said and his hand slid through hers, waving and linking within hers. “I did what I came to do, Lindsay. I have to go back. You have to go on with your life now.”
Lindsay looked up at him and tears filled her gaze. “I’m never going to love anybody like I do you, Jace. Don’t ask me to.”
He leaned down and his ghostly lips slid against hers, making her feel a cool sensation. He drew away and regarded her with love in his gaze.
“I’m never going to love anybody like that either, Lindsay,” he promised and watched as Sal and Artie and the others tormented Matt, smiling slightly.
They stood watching Matt fighting against his invisible assailants as the deputy sheriff finally arrived, lights flashing. Kids took off running in every direction then. Cars took off quickly as the party ended abruptly. 
Jace and Lindsay watched Gary Wilson’s car pull in as a fleet of teenagers left The Point. He was speaking with Bob and the pair started walking towards Lindsay. Jace grinned as he saw Matt was now shrieking and going down on his knees, looking like a nut as he fought off the ghosts.
Bob and the Sheriff led him away sobbing. The deputy put him in the back of the SUV and left. Gary approached her and they stood at the bonfire, watching it burn.
“They’ll be out here searching for Cameron come morning. I put a bug in Dan’s ear a couple month’s back. He’ll think this was the work of the drug dealers. You got nothing to worry about, Lindsay,” he was telling her to alleviate her worry.
“I know, Sheriff,” she said as she looked up at Jace, a soft smile curving her lips. “I’m not worried about anything anymore.”
Jace walked her to the truck, and he leaned inside the window, smiling at her in a way that nailed him as the cutest boy in the world, hands down. She felt a pang of sadness knowing he would leave tomorrow.
Tonight they would spend those last moments together. He reached out and his hand touched her cheek, making her shiver.
“I’ll be there in a little while. The Newbies all need a pep talk before we leave in the morning,” he told her. “We have to get our story together for Raymond.”
“Don’t take forever,” she warned and smiled. “I want to enjoy every minute until you leave.”
Jace looked at her and smiled. “I’ll be right behind you.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
Lindsay pulled away from The Point, waving at Jace, and taking his word for it all his ghost buddies were standing there. He said he’d catch up with her at her place later. She turned onto the mountain road. During the descent she realized the brakes went out on the truck. 
Panic set in as she realized she couldn’t stop, slamming her foot on the brake pedal repeatedly. She was whispering a prayer as the truck increased in speed. She bit her lip and stifled a sob as she futilely pumped the brakes again and again. The truck began to go even faster as the downward momentum picked up. 
Lindsay was crying by then, knowing she was going to crash the truck. It was going too fast now. She couldn’t make the curve at the bottom of the hill as fast as she was going. A sense of calm seemed to fill her as she recalled Jace’s words about death.
She thought about a lot of things those last minutes the truck sped up in a downward plunge to the bottom. She thought about Jace; how wonderful it was to have him in her life. She thought about every moment shared in those last moments. Her family’s faces made tears fill her gaze.
She thought about everything she was going to miss, clinging to the image of Jace in her mind. Lance and Marnie’s baby, college, her future, everything she ever wanted flashed before her eyes. The descent grew faster. She saw trees in a blur out the corner of her eye as the old truck picked up speed and careened downhill.
Lindsay braced herself for the impact that was quick to come as the truck reached the bottom of the hill. In slow motion, she saw the tree ahead in the truck’s path. The truck hit the tree dead on across the sharp turn off the mountain road. She felt burning pain as she was propelled forward into the windshield, felt numbness, and then a floating sensation.
~ ~ ~
Jace ran to the bottom of the hill and stared at the sight of his truck smashed into the tree with a cry of denial. The truck was crushed and smoking. Metal and broken glass was everywhere on the road. He fell to his knees, staring at the sight of the wreckage in horror. 
He didn’t need to go any closer to know Lindsay was dead. He hung his head and sobbed in grief, still there when the sirens alerted him the fire trucks, ambulance, and other emergency vehicles arrived at the scene. 
He hardly felt it as vehicles ran through him, paramedics and firemen walked over him. He couldn’t move. All he could think about was Merrick’s warnings, telling him not to come back, telling him he couldn’t help those he loved. Now it was too late. 
She was gone.
~ ~ ~
Lindsay groaned as she raised her head, feeling dazed as she realized she lay on a sidewalk. It was as dark as pitch and she could hardly see her hand in front of her face. She moved and realized she must have survived the accident somehow. Nothing felt broken as she slowly got up, stumbling slightly.
“Whoa there, little lady, take it easy,” a voice warned her. She felt a strong grip on her arm and looked up. A black man of medium build held her arm to steady her. He was grinning at her now, his brown eyes scanning her face for signs she heard him. “I saw ya come in when I was on my way home. Figures I’d find one of you guys. Lucky me.”
“Where am I?” she asked groggily and regarded the black man with growing awareness as she took in the dark fatigues and the fact he was armed to the teeth. “I think I need to use the phone.”
“Oh, not that crap again,” the man grumbled and led her off the walkway and began leading her away at a brisk walk. “First thing outta anybody’s mouth when they wake up down here is always wantin’ to use the dang phone! Ain’t no phones here, baby doll.”
Lindsay looked at him with growing awareness now. From Jace’s description, she would have known him anywhere. A sense of sadness and excitement combined to know where she was. She had to be sure.
“Where am I” she asked as she followed him down the road, a sense of elation filling her with every step she took.
“First, the name’s Merrick,” he told her as he looked up and down the road, looking around warily. “We gotta get off the street before them spooks come lookin’ for ya. What’s your name, little gal?”
“It’s Lindsay Morgan,” she replied as she tried to keep up with his long-legged stride.
He stopped and grinned down at her then. “Welcome to Oblivion, Lindsay Morgan.”
~ ~ ~
Jace couldn’t stay for the funeral. He couldn’t stand to see the grief of Lindsay’s parents and Lance in the days following the accident. He gazed in surreal disbelief as he stood on the street corner in Little Bend across from the packed funeral home.
She died on impact; he learned, relieved she felt no pain. Further examination of the truck found the brake line was cut. Wilson ordered a full investigation after that, firing Dooley as soon as he went back on the job. Retirement didn’t seem to be in the cards at that point.
Jace watched Deborah Morgan collapse in Jack’s arms when Gary Wilson arrived to inform her that her daughter was dead that night. The pain of watching them all suffer her loss was nothing next to his own. 
“We going or what, Boss?” Sal asked sadly and his eyes filled with compassion. “You can’t do anything for her anymore.”
Jace nodded and was miserable to leave, knowing if he hadn’t come at all Lindsay would still be alive. Going back was even harder now, but there was no reason to stay. He led the ghosts to the ripple out at his old farmhouse. It was still there.
He concentrated on it until it opened, reminding everyone to stay together and hold each other’s hands. He looked back at the world before he stepped through the opening with a devastated expression. It seemed unchanged even though Lindsay was no longer in it.
The group of Newbies made it to the end and wound up on the street in front of Deadhead’s Lounge. Jace swore under his breath as he sealed the opening and glared at the group of ghosts who acted like tourists now.
“Trust me, you don’t want to go in there,” he told them and ushered them down the road. “We gotta hurry up. We’re gonna have demons all over this place in minutes.”
Jace lead the group down the fifteen city blocks, following behind them and looking around warily for signs of pursuit. He was relieved when they got to Merrick’s warehouse. He punched in the code and heard the buzzer. The door opened and his group of Newbies all rushed inside, looking around in wonder.
Merrick must be out on patrols, Jace thought in relief. He also realized they were going to need a lot more uniforms for the new group. He got them to sit in the warehouse and wait as he went up the stairs to Merrick’s apartment. He wondered where Daphne was. She was probably freaking out he was four days late getting back.
He opened up the door and called out to Merrick. No answer. He called for Daphne. No answer. He frowned and walked in flipping on the lights. He opened the door to the spare bedroom and it was empty. 
Sighing and still feeling the pain of Lindsay’s death, he went out to the fire escape to think before Merrick arrived and played twenty questions with him. He sat down and stared over the dark city, seeing demons flitting across the street, seeing Deadheads chasing each other. His heart felt like it was fractured in two.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked up, thinking it would be Daphne.
Jace stared into the blue eyes that made him weak since the eighth grade, saw her smile of welcome. Without asking how or why she was there, he grabbed her and pulled her into his arms. He buried his face in her neck, smelling her, feeling her body warm and real against his. When he could finally raise his head, he regarded her with a sad expression.
“Cameron cut the brake line in the truck that night,” he offered and wanted to apologize to her for dragging her into all of this.
“Then he did me a favor,” Lindsay whispered with little regret as she looked up at him. “I remember everything before I hit that tree, Jace. I never wanted anything as much as you at that moment. Nothing seemed worth having without you there with me.”
“This isn’t what I wanted for you, Lindsay,” he protested and her finger came up and silenced his words.
“Remember when you said that everything happens as it’s supposed to?” she asked with her heart in her eyes. “Maybe this is our second chance to be together, Jace. For however long were here. It’s better than a lifetime without you,” she told him breathlessly and raised an eyebrow. “Besides, Merrick says I’m a natural born demon slayer with real potential. We’ve been working on my shooting while we waited for you to get back.” 
Jace laughed and held her close as she regaled him of all she learned in the last four days. She even made friends with Murdoch. Daphne left to go stay with Drea. She thought it was for the best when she learned who Lindsay was from Merrick.
“Welcome to Oblivion, Lindsay,” he whispered as he held her tightly and lifted her off her feet, kissing her finally and praying neither of them ever passed on. He could live with the pitfalls of surviving in this place, the gritty realities of everyday life here, anything, with her by his side.
~ ~ ~
Marnie opened the pack of pictures on the kitchen table. Nobody else seemed willing to in the weeks after Lindsay’s death. They all hesitated to look to see how happy she was that day she graduated. None wanted to face the reality of what happened later that night.
She flipped through them, getting misty-eyed to see those of Lindsay with her parents when something caught her eye. She stared at the photograph and held it up to the light, frowning at the defect in the picture.
Her eyes grew wide as she made out the arm around Lindsay’s shoulder in the photo, nearly transparent. She would have thought it merely a trick of the light until the shape standing next to her was seen.
Tears filled her eyes as she saw the outline of Jace standing next to her in the photos. She scrambled and looked at every picture now, holding them up to the light to see he was in every one. She looked at Lance. He was sitting in the living room watching TV. 
They were moving to Georgia in the morning. Boxes and bins filled the apartment. She wondered if she should show them to him. He took Lindsay’s death the hardest. Showing him the pictures wouldn’t make him feel better right now. Only time could do that. 
Marnie relaxed to know that she wasn’t losing her mind that day the ghost tossed the adoption brochure into the trash, making her decision to keep the baby. The paternity test results came back, answering the question they all feared to know. The baby was Jason Turner’s. Marnie was content to know a mistake turned out to be a godsend. 
The horror of what Cameron and Matt did to Jace was all over the news. She could hardly believe him capable of Jace’s grisly murder, or cutting Lindsay’s brake line that night. Matt Lauder confessed to everything.
Matt was charged with both murders and awaiting trial. Sheriff Wilson decided not to retire and fired Dan Dooley for misconduct. Everyone was relieved when Cameron’s body was found in the woods. He’d been shot multiple times in a suspected drug killing. 
Marnie never believed anything good could ever happen to girls like her. She never believed in fate or miracles until she saw the brochure fly across the room. Seeing Jace standing next to Lindsay in the pictures encouraged her belief that he was there that day, guiding her to make the right choice to keep her baby. She believed everything happened for a reason now, inspired by what she saw with her own eyes.
 Cameron might have cheated the couple from having a life together but it was clear to her they were together in death. She wiped the tears that fell, tears of relief and happiness, and put the pictures up. When Lance was ready to see them, she would show him proof that some things do last forever.
THE END
