ODDILY
Oddily Series Book 1

Linda Pohring

http://lindapohringwrites.blogspot.com/

Copyright© 2011 by Linda Pohring.

SmashWords Edition License Notes
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer's imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.
All rights are reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.




CHAPTER 1

“Ow!” Oddily wanted to spin around and confront whoever pulled her hair, but she didn’t. Why should she? After nearly a semester of being bullied, she discovered that standing up to them didn’t work. She learned how to keep her mouth shut, because if she didn’t she’d make herself a bigger target.
“Are you going to cry?” A female voice made fun of her.
Oddily ignores her, but at the same time she suddenly imagined all eyes resting on her while she headed for the school cafeteria. How stupid to be so self-conscious, but she was, and her awkwardness showed in the way she walked. It was her arms! It was as if she had forgotten how to move them. After several failed attempts to swing them naturally, she give up and let them dangle by her side.
“You’re such a dork!” The same voice was too close for comfort. Oddily’s tormentor was breathing down her neck!
Oddily grabbed the first available chair at the nearest table and held her breath until the girl moved past her. It was Kendall and she was heading for the table of snobbish kids where the golden-haired Starla waited. Starla was Kendall’s best friend and unfortunately, Starla was Oddily’s foster sister.
Oddily often wondered what made Starla and her group of friends so popular, especially the girls. For months, she passed the entire lunch time away in an effort to try and figure them out. She ruled out their appearance because other than Starla and Kendall most of the groupies looked like average students. Furthermore, they weren’t very smart so maybe it had something to do with their designer clothes.
Oddily’s attention shifted to the main entrance when she heard friendly commotion and she sighed when she saw Paul entering the cafeteria. He was the hottest guy on campus and she had a crush on him. Butterflies were fluttering in her stomach just to be in the same room. She knew there wasn’t much chance of him noticing her, but she sat taller in her seat…just in case.
Several minutes later her heart sank. Paul’s brown puppy dog eyes searched the room, and then he passed her table to join Starla. Unfortunately, he had recently become one of the newest members of their elite group.
Without warning, Starla’s deep blue eyes locked onto hers. Oddily cringed when others turned their head in her direction. She overheard a few of them snicker and suddenly felt stupid knowing she’d been caught staring.
Embarrassed, and not wanting to meet anyone’s eyes, Oddily get up and left the cafeteria. Finding a bench outside in the sunshine, she sat and finished her peanut butter and jelly sandwich all the while thinking about Starla. Why would her friends and family allow her to manipulate them just because of her beauty?
She’d never forget the first day she met the beautiful blonde. Within the first hour, Starla had her standing in front of a mirror mercilessly pointing out what she didn’t like about Oddily’s looks. Oddily hadn’t thought much about her features before, but thanks to Starla, she was convinced of her ugliness. Thin and pale, underdeveloped, a thick mop of red hair, and hazel eyes that appeared to be too large for her face! And the worst thing of all, Starla took pleasure in making sure as many kids as possible agreed with her.
In fact, because of Starla her whole existence had become a life of solitude, and she often wondered how different her circumstances would have been had her real parents survived the accident. Would she still be this shy, awkward—and lonely?
The weird thing was she had no idea what happened to them. When she became old enough to read, all she obtained were two news clippings from the past. The articles claimed that there were no survivors from the mangled car, living or dead, except for her when she was only three months old. To this day, the rest of the baffling accident has remained a mystery. As a result, Oddily felt like a ping-pong ball, bounced from a foster family to the orphanage, and then back to another foster family.
Sometimes it was hard to smile with so much moving, but she was imaginative! She figured out how to escape the pain. She could live any life she wanted through daydreaming, so she always pretended to be anyone other than myself. In fact, her fantasies had become the only thing supporting her through the lonely days and nights.
When the school bell rang Oddily jumped. She had to move and quickly! She gathered up her belongings and rushed for the hallway of lockers, meandering through a maze of backpacks, and elbows until she reached her locker.
Then it happened. As she grabbed her math book, a malicious shove sent her sprawling, head first into the locker. With a cry of surprise, she twisted her head just in time to see the face of her adversary before he slammed the door shut, plunging her into confinement.
She knew her predator. It was Kip, Starla’s boyfriend. Unfortunately, he was obsessed with his girlfriend, and no doubt Starla put him up to this prank just because Oddily had the nerve to stare at her during lunch.
Oddily tensed, thinking about the cruel expression in Kip’s gray eyes—the way they pierced her with an injection of revulsion. She feared him. Everything about him was outrageous and edgy, from his wild, unkempt hair to the funky way he dressed. He even had tattoos. One whole arm was covered with markings, a black and gold dragon—blending into red flames. Maybe his appearance had something to do with his being the lead singer of a punk rock band.
“Let me out!” Oddily finally shouted.
“Hey, she has a voice!” Someone said.
Oddily guessed the comment had come from Kendall. She could almost imagine the pretty girl’s amber eyes flashing proudly at the others because of her contribution to the taunting.
Panicky feelings took hold when it dawned on Oddily that they had no plans of letting her out. She scrunched down into a position that made her legs tremble, and there wasn’t enough air coming through the vents? It was getting hard to breathe.
“What’s your combo?” Oddily didn’t recognize the voice but who cared? Her heart still leaped in her throat at the thought of someone rescuing her.
“Turn left to twenty-six—right on nine—left to fourteen.”
“We can’t hear you.” That had to be Starla, obviously intoxicated with pride at what Kip had just done for her.
Oddily raised her voice and gave them the combination again, listening for the dial to turn. Instead, it became quiet.
She pressed her ear to the vent. “Hello, can you hear me?”
When there was no response she called out again, only this time she pounded on the locker door. No one answered. No one was there so she gave up and crumpled against the cold metal walls, bitter tears coming fast and furious. This situation called her life couldn’t be real. She needed to wake up!
While waiting for someone to find her, beads of sweat started to dot her forehead. To be in such a small space made her drowsy and light-headed. Her thoughts were becoming scattered while she tried to decide whether her hair was golden-red, or orange. Bright orange hair flashed across her mind, and the idea made her smile. She had such a funny sensation in her head. Perhaps she was dying—she hoped that she was.
* * * * * *
Oddily’s eyelids fluttered open with the sound of the lock spinning outside her locker. It was making a clicking noise. The door opened, and a burst of cool air sent tiny goose bumps up and down her limbs.
She slowly unfolded her legs from their tangled web, climbed out of the locker on cramped legs, and stood there in a maze of bewilderment. Too confused and dazed to think clearly, she looked up into the face of Mr. Jack. The custodian was staring at her with concern. “Are ya all right?”
Despite her tear-filled eyes she nodded.
“Do ya want me to walk ya to the health office?” He gently patted her on the head, as though she were a child.
Oddily shook her head and mumbled, “No. I…I’m fine.”
“Are ya sure?” His kind, old, wrinkled face showed a hint of sadness.
She nodded again.
“Well, okay then,” he started to hobble down the hall, but paused for a brief moment. “It’s a good thing ya snore, missy.”
“She was snoring?” Oddily laughed aloud but stopped when no sound escaped her lips. She was confused by this. Her mind seemed to be in a fog after being trapped inside the locker, but one thing was clear—school had ended for the day. The halls were empty.





CHAPTER 2

Taking off towards home, Oddily walked in the dirt alongside the asphalt road. She was dragging her feet while thinking about all the empty wishes she’d made in the past. Anything from “First Star at Night” wishes; to “Wishing Well” wishes. She had just about decided not to believe in the power of wishes when someone called out from up ahead.
“She’s coming!”
Oddily glanced up and saw Starla and Kip standing in front of an iron gate with their small group of friends, including Paul, looking so cute with his hands tucked in his pockets.
The old gate was the side entrance to the grounds of the mysterious Stafford Estate. Why did they gather in front of such a creepy place? All the rumors she had listened to concerning the Manor with thirty-one rooms had flashed through her mind. How twenty years ago, an unusually tall stranger with a fair-haired pregnant companion had wandered into town and bought the immense property and surrounding acreage. The two moved in and the girl was never to be seen again.
Except for an occasional visit to town, the young man remained secluded on the property, reportedly living in the original Stafford Manor hidden somewhere on the grounds. Several of the schools' alumni who had graduated years before said he kept himself isolated from the world. Some of them attempted to find him, but supposedly vanished after trespassing onto the property. Of course, the stories couldn’t be true Oddily told herself—could they?
Oddily didn’t care to know the answer, and turned on her heels, heading in the opposite direction. She hurried as fast as she could until someone called out, “Oddily, wait!”
Her first instinct was to keep on going the other way, but she knew there would be a price to pay if she did. Instead, she stopped and turned around as though an invisible puppet master was pulling her strings.
“What do you want?” she shouted.
“Come here and I’ll tell you!” phony sweetness dripped from Starla’s lips.
Should I go to them or shouldn’t I? The silly question ran through her mind. Of course she shouldn’t but, at the same time, her worry over what they might do to her if she didn’t made her decision easy. Oddily approached where they waited. When she neared them, she gasped as if someone knocked the breath from her lungs and stopped in her tracks. It wasn’t Kip’s presence that caused such a reaction, but that the tall gate was open! How could that be? She walked along this road almost every day and had never seen the gate open before. What was happening?
Again, she wanted to run away, but when she glanced at Paul with his brown puppy dog eyes staring at her, she took a tentative step forward, and another.
“Well, well, well!” Starla’s “wells” were a crescendo of contempt mingled with false kindness when Oddily joined them. Her foster sister’s cool gaze showed a forced expression of concern. “Sorry about the locker ordeal.”
Oddily shrugged the comment off, pretending it was no big deal, all the while watching the group warily. Starla glanced at her friends with a strange smile and then back to her.
“I guess our prank today wasn’t so funny,” Starla paused to dramatize the effect, “so we’re going to make it up to you. We all agreed to let you hang out with us for awhile—see how it goes.”
Starla’s friends fell silent while they waited for Oddily’s response. Amusement was evident on their faces, except for Paul, who turned away. Oddily knew Starla and her friends were messing with her. They hated her, and if the truth were to be told, she didn’t care much for them either. So even if the offer was true, she didn’t want to be associated with them. She just wanted them to leave her alone!
Oddily lifted her chin and smiled sweetly to cover her true feelings. “Maybe some other time, but thanks anyway.”
Oddily was so busy glancing at the others to see their reaction she didn’t notice Starla’s face darken for a second. Everything in Oddily’s innocent mind and petite body screamed for her to reconsider. Maybe rejecting their offer wasn’t such a smart idea. Maybe she should have acted grateful and then ditch them later.
“You know what…sis?” Starla smirked. “Just go home and forget this conversation ever happened. I’ll deal you later.”
By the tone of Starla’s voice Oddily knew she needed to do damage control.
“No—Please!” She made herself sound desperate, letting the words flow from her. “I was just trying to spare you my company,” she added a pathetic touch to her voice. “Of course I want to hang out with you. Who wouldn’t?”
Starla laughed, along with the others. She turned to her best friend, Kendall, trying to appear serious. “Does the offer still stand?”“It’s fine with me.” The group nodded their head in agreement with Kendall.
Oddily glanced over at Paul for a brief moment and then back into Starla’s cunning blue eyes demanding her full attention.
“With one condition,” Starla said while trying to maintain a straight face.
“You mean like an initiation?” Oddily’s large hazel eyes grew wide with wonder.
“Yeah Mop-Top,” Kip piped sarcastically, “an initiation!”
“Shut up!” Starla gave her boyfriend a stern reproach.
Oddily became doubtful. “What’s the condition?”
Starla had a smug look of satisfaction on her pretty face as she spoke. “All you need to do is go inside the Stafford Estate, find the Manor, and take a picture of it.”
“Oh,” Oddily squeaked in surprise as she glanced beyond the rusty bars of the gate. The grounds appeared even more unnerving than she imagined. The trees—dark, thick, and gnarled, grew tight and close together. Their tops reached up into the sky and stretched outwards so far their boughs intermingled one with the other ensuring little sunlight to the wooded floor.
“How frightening,” her soft voice sounded apprehensive.
“Look, she’s scared!” Kip laughed.
“Will you do it or not?” Starla demanded.
Oddily couldn’t help noticing the discomfort in Paul’s face before she peeped, “Okay…fine!”
Kip started to taunt Oddily. “Go ahead, go inside.”
Oddily turned towards the gate and started to inch forward, her heart beating faster and faster the closer she got. With one more step, she realized she would be on the other side, crossing the imaginary line of safety onto unfamiliar grounds. Even in the daylight the dark shadows from the giant old trees appeared as if they wanted to swallow her up. She hesitated but not for long. Kip was reaching for her.
Oddily hurried to get away from him by slipping through the open gate. She glanced back over her shoulder when the gate slammed shut, leaving her trapped inside the grounds.
“What are you doing?” Paul spoke in alarm, but Starla ignored him.
“Don't forget this!” Starla threw a disposable camera at Oddily, hitting her in the chest before it landed in the dirt. Oddily winced from the blow as she stared at the group of curious faces through the bars. They appeared like caged animals in a zoo and yet, she was the one trapped.
“Hurry up because we don’t have all day!” Starla’s sugary sweet voice hit a sour note.
“I’m going right now.” Oddily answered with a quiver of annoyance.
After she picked up the camera, rearranged her backpack and rushed into the darkness, her eyes shifted from side to side, with no intention of trying to find a spooky Manor. Instead, she would look for a hiding place where she could stay until Starla and the others got tired of waiting for her to come back. “I’ll hurry—I promise,” she called over her shoulder to keep up with the pretense. She had no idea that within the hour, her life would be changed forever.
Starla and the others waited until Oddily disappeared into the gloom of the woods.





CHAPTER 3

Oddily remained cautious while she headed into the confines of the woods. The gloom and the silence enveloped her. It was too quiet. She barely detected the sound of birds or woodland critters scurrying about, and that struck her as being strange. She stole a hasty glance over her shoulder, then she gave herself up to the eerie dark of the forest. The enormous gnarled trees transformed her surroundings into a strange, unreal world. The shadows were so black and sharp they appeared as though they had a life of their own. The underbrush came across as unfriendly. They seemed to be watching her—crowding in before and behind her.
“I…I’ll pretend I’m not afraid,” she said out loud; and then shuddered with fear over the lost sound of her own voice in the giant woods. But, she moved on and found a comfortable hiding place near the trail.
Huddled behind a large rock, an unexpected loud noise caused Oddily to cry out in sheer terror. The top of the trees seemed to quiver as the sound of a voice thundered through the woods. She nearly fainted when the voice spoke, “Who is trespassing?”
She screamed, jumped to her feet, and began to frantically run. Her legs were moving faster than she had ever run before—forgetting about Manors and everything else, except finding her way back to the gate.
“Stop where you are!” blasted the voice again. As it did, she tripped over a rotted tree branch—stumbling forward.
She plunged on, winding in and out of the giant trees and climbed over fallen logs, not daring to peek over her shoulder. The ground grew steeper and more uneven as panic urged her to keep moving. The slope she edged along appeared dangerous, and that was when, to her horror, she realized she had been running in the wrong direction.
When a different noise came from close behind, she whirled around and almost fainted when she spotted a large, shiny thing-a-ma-jig with long metal legs. There was no way for her to know that “the mechanical spider” was one of the several surveillance cameras monitoring the property for intruders.
In her stunned state of mind, she watched the motorized eyes zoom in and out like the adjusting lenses of a camera, and then it lunged at her. She jumped back, but her hasty move caused her to lose her balance. She cried out and clutched at the air, her whole body weaving backwards and forwards before she toppled down a slope. The rocky soil kept crumbling under her while she tried to regain her footing, but her body kept on sliding. She helplessly grabbed for a handhold of dirt but loose gravel sent her body hurling downward. She stopped at last, half hanging over the edge, afraid to move knowing the slightest movement would surely send her to the bottom of the ravine.
The ground blurred, receded, and sprang back up at her. Her stomach twisted. She clutched at the dirt, leaning into the slope and yanked her eyes away from the appalling drop before another wave of fear caused her to move. Panic tightened her chest and shortened her breath even more. It was coming into her throat in tiny sobs until the ground beneath her gave way sending her over the edge.
* * * * * *
Back at the gate entrance, a hand came down on the battery powered bullhorn, knocking it away from Kip’s mouth. Kip stared into two distressed brown eyes and scowled under Paul’s troubled glare. Paul couldn’t believe how far Kip and Starla would go with their cunning cruelty towards Oddily.
“What’s with you?” Kip grumbled. “Loosen up and have some fun.”
“This prank isn't amusing!” Paul frowned. “You have the sound bellowing so loudly, the poor girl must be paralyzed with fear.”
“How was I to know of her close proximity?” Kip chuckled. “Did you hear the way she screamed?!”
“Why do you care?” snapped Starla, her eyes questioning and dangerous as she fixed her stare on Paul.
“You guys are jerks!” Paul’s words startled Starla for a moment as her body heaved in a sharp, involuntary breath.
Starla’s deep blue eyes diminished into two narrow slits. “You’ll be sorry.” Her tone carried a strong, hidden message. She implied that he was risking her friendship by speaking to her that way. Starla turned on her heels and walked away with Kip.
Paul turned his thoughts back to Oddily for a moment, wondering if he should try to find her when he realized something. In spite of the fact that he had defended the girl, he didn’t want to be linked with her. He was making himself fair game for Starla, and the rest of his friends, and he couldn’t let that happen. He needed to be careful, or the group would add him to their target list along with Oddily.
“Are you coming with us or not?”
Paul cringed at Starla’s shrill voice. “Yeah, wait up!”





CHAPTER 4

Oddily heard an unusual sound, sensing something hovering over her while she struggled to open her eyes. Every time she tried to get a glimpse of what or who stood so near, her eyes tilted up into her head.
Who on earth had a pair of cold, hard arms? Whatever lifted her limp body, began to move exceptionally fast through a whirl of green foliage and tree trunks. It appeared as though she weighed no more than a feather, and her rescuer wasn’t breathing. Instead, it made a high-pitched squeaking noise.
Her consciousness drifted in and out until she touched a hard surface beneath her. The crinkling sound reminded her of the protective paper used in a doctors’ office. Had she been taken to the hospital?After the squeaking noise had stopped, her thoughts were drawn to a high melodic voice overhead that spoke in an enchanting tone. “Thank you, Tinley.”
Oddily’s eyes fluttered open and quickly closed to shield them from the blindingly bright lights.
“Tinley, please dim the lights.”
There was that enthralling voice again. Oddily took another peek, glancing up towards the captivating sound, and came nose to nose with an inhumanly beautiful face. The girl’s features, framed with unusual light and wispy blonde hair, caused her to appear like an angel. Oddily’s eyes grew wide with wonder. “Have I died and gone to heaven?”
They both stared at each other until the girl became distracted. Oddily followed the exquisite stranger’s gaze, and thought she was seeing things. There appeared to be two of them, the other one a male. He stood at the entrance of a large doorway resembling an open warehouse.
He glared at her for a brief moment, and then his eyes flickered back to the look-a-like female. Oddily glanced from one to the other, trying to determine who was more beautiful, but it was hard. The twins looked alike and yet…different. She studied their looks in detail. Their straight nose, full lips and sky blue eyes were the same except the boy’s hair appeared to be a darker shade of blonde than the girl. He was also taller than she was—so lean and defined like a gymnast.
“Tell me, why are you trespassing?” the girl demanded.
Oddily was caught off guard by the interruption and senselessly started to babble. “I…I need to take a snapshot of Stafford Manor for my foster sister and her friends.”
All of a sudden, Oddily became self-conscious in telling her story to this heavenly creature. She started to falter, trying to come up with another excuse, but her mind went blank.
“Why do you need a picture?”
Oddily blushed. She simply couldn’t allow this angel to hear her ridiculous explanation, especially in front of the boy that still lingered close by.
I think she’s enjoying your presence. The angelic presence used telepathy to speak to her brother.
Very funny, he shifted his body uneasily.
She wants a snapshot of the Manor.
Yes, I’ve been listening. What is she truly after?
I’m not sure. I can’t seem to read her thoughts right now. Her mind is too dazed and chaotic—probably from that bump on her head.
I don’t like this, sis.
Oddily caught the hint of concern in both their faces as the duo seemingly communicated without words, but when the boy realized she still had her eyes fixed on him he turned his back on her. She became uncomfortable from the rebuke and averted her face.
When has a gawking girl ever made you uncomfortable?
He glanced at Oddily again, and thankfully, she was busy biting her nails. I can’t see her eyes under that mop of red hair, and it bothers me. She reminds me of a predator who’s watching their prey!
She laughed after his silly confession, and he scowled back at her.
You know what we must do with her.
The boy instantly straightened his posture. No! There has to be another way.
I’m listening.
I need time to think.
We don’t have time. Who knows what this girl is up to, and she has already seen too much to let her go. We can’t take the chance of having her leave here and stirring up more rumors and curiosity.
I’ll take care of the situation, sis.
“Hello,” Oddily’s soft, sweet voice caught their attention while she struggled to sit up. She tried to break the tension forming in the air, but her interruption only made things worse.
“Excuse me,” this time her words were choked with tension. She wanted to leave because both of them were standing eerily still resembling two statues staring at each other. It was a creepy sight!
“Security,” the female’s musical voice flowed from her cherub mouth while the male stepped into the room, and no wonder. A large metal door came sliding down from above and closed, sealing the three of them inside.
Did you have to close the door in front of her? The boy gave his sister a stern look. Now, she’s more frightened than ever.
Oddily couldn’t conceal her growing apprehension when, for the third time that day, she felt like a trapped bird in a cage. She made an effort to get off the table, but her body hurt too much when she tried to move.
Quit being so gallant! The girl complained to her brother. In a few minutes, she’s not going to remember any of this.
The angelic blonde left the room with quick, graceful steps like a professional dancer while the boy stayed and stared at her with an expression Oddily had no way of defining. He ran his hand through his hair, brushing back a strand falling over his eye while surveying her.
Oddily couldn’t stand his scrutiny. She squeezed her eyes shut in an attempt to contain the frightening thoughts dancing around the perimeter of her mind. With her eyes closed, she could almost pretend the two of them were a figment of her imagination. Of course, they were! They came across as being too otherworldly and regal to be anything else.
Then she shook her head. No, something wasn’t right with them. Once again fear started to run wild in her mind. Her eyes had popped open to prevent the new nightmare from forming and discovered they had left her alone in the big room. She blinked hard in an effort to clear her vision.
“Perhaps it’s my imagination after all,” she whispered in disbelief, except her sore body sure felt real. Her head throbbed while every muscle and joint in her body started to ache worse than before.
She glanced around the enormous room and realized this was no hospital. The space appeared to be a sophisticated ‘high-tech’ auto mechanics garage, except this place repaired thing-a-ma-jigs with metal body parts. A few of those unidentifiable things and a metal human-like robot lay on slabs like the one she occupied. There were also complex computers at the head of each bed with giant screens on the nearby wall monitoring what Oddily assumed were the grounds of the Stafford Estate. She was sure of this when, on one of the monitors, she viewed her pink backpack next to a mound of dirt—evidently the place where she had landed after the fall.
Then she eyed several large welding machines and spotted three futuristic thingies—possibly cyber-tanks. Thankfully, they were empty. Maybe she had stumbled onto the set of a science fiction movie and the two strangers were actors.
Oddily caught sight of a cart full of fiber optics and microelectronics near the table she occupied and eyed a peculiar contraption with blinking lights. She picked up the object to turn it over in her hands for a closer look, but not for long. Without warning, the boy returned and continued to stare at her. She shoved the device inside her sweater pocket, mortified he might find out that she touched their things. She would wait for the right moment to put it back on the tray.
The boy didn’t speak a word as he handed her a cup filled with a brew that gave off a heavenly aroma. She noticed that when their fingers accidentally touched, he quickly pulled away seemingly repulsed by her.
“Thank you,” she whispered as her bottom lip began to involuntarily quiver. She feared for her life, but his response to her touch was even more terrifying. His repulsion had stabbed her like a knife in her battered heart. She tried to hide her fear and disenchantment by concealing her face in the cup while she sipped at the beverage, but an unintentional tear escaped down her cheek. The boy spotted her teardrop and with one quick motion, caught the tear with his fingertip.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to cry.”
Oddily would have loved to imprint the magical sound of his voice in her memory, but her embarrassment was beyond words. She tried to bury her face even further into the tiny cup hoping the steam from the warm liquid would conceal the other tears.
Maxim! The beautiful girl had re-entered the room, her harsh tone filled his head with warning.
The brows of the strange boy knotted together in response and without warning, he took the cup from Oddily before she could finish. Oddily thought the boy was about to do something to her and with a jolt, realized he might have already done it! What if he had poisoned her? Suppose the sweet tasting drink he had given her would momentarily end her tortured life. Maybe this became the fate of those missing people who supposedly disappeared after entering the forbidden grounds. She tried to calm down, but panic took over, and she started to plead for her life.
“Please don’t kill me,” she cried out in terror. “I swear, I’ll never step foot on your land again!”
The features of the boy’s perfect face became distorted as though her words had caused him inner turmoil. Silently, he reached up and rested his hand on her head, caressing her mop of hair while his distressed eyes bore into hers.
Why is he deliberately touching me now? What is he doing? Her mind became incoherent, losing her train of thought. Where am I? That became the last thing she thought before familiar voices sounded in her ear.
“Oh my God,” Starla’s voice shrieked. “What happened to you?”
Oddily tried to focus on the image of Starla getting out of her blue Mini Cooper, along with Kendall and another girl she didn’t know. Kip pulled up close behind, his red Chevy truck screeching to a stop. Kip, Paul, and Paul’s friend Jeff jumped out and stared at her as she continued to lean against the gate in a dazed stupor.
“I don’t know!” Oddily noticed her voice sounding far away—detached.
“Did you get it?” Starla impatiently stood too close for comfort.
“Get what?” Oddily gave her a blank stare.
“A photo of the Manor, you moron!”
“I don’t understand what you’re talking about. The last thing I remember is walking home from school, and…here I am.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Starla stepped away from her. “You’re starting to freak me out!”
Oddily stood still, unresponsive as she tried to comprehend what was happening. It felt like there were holes in her memory. All she could do was gaze at Starla while she put her hands on her hips. It was a gesture she did when someone annoyed her.
“Are you saying you don’t remember going down that path into the woods?” Starla used her chin to point beyond the gate, “or the picture you promised to take of the Manor for me?”“No—I’m sorry.”
“She’s lying!” Kendall joined in on the conversation, flicking her dark brown ponytail from side to side as though she were a horse shooing at flies. “She’s pretending to have amnesia, so she won’t have to go back inside the grounds. Kip’s right—she’s too scared!”
Oddily continued to stare at Kendall’s swishing ponytail. For some reason, she became amused by it. Her tossing head reminded her of someone with an uncontrollable twitch, and suddenly, she had an urge to laugh. She did.
“Duh,” Kendall made a silly face at her. “What’s so funny?”“Your ponytail,” Oddily continued to giggle.
“Stop laughing!” Starla shouted.
Oddily grew quiet, cringing from her outburst.
“Okay, I’m done with this!” Starla started to freak out. “I need my camera, and I want it back right now. Where’s your backpack?”
Oddily reached for her bag she typically had slung over her shoulder and found nothing, then searched the ground. “It’s not here!”
“You are so stupid,” Kip smirked, shaking his head as he sucked on a toothpick. “There’s no way I’d ever hang out with someone like you.”
The air became filled with laughter and snide remarks while the group returned to their vehicles and drove off, leaving Oddily alone, in a cloud of dust.





CHAPTER 5

Oddily choked, turning her head to try and protect her nose and mouth with her hands. After the dust had settled, she glanced around and assumed she was alone, unaware of the watchful eyes from beyond the shadows of the giant trees.
From his hiding place, Maxim observed the injured girl try to reopen the gate; and thankfully, she was too small to reach the latch. Assuming she was smart enough, she would try again, contemplating her backpack may truly be inside the grounds. He was puzzled that someone would be so beside themselves over what were probably a few school books and some homework assignments.
Maxim had to act fast and headed to where the girl had fallen. He had already viewed the place where she fell from one of the computer screens in his workshop. He had been tinkering with repairs when the projected image of the landslide appeared.
As he ran, his legs pumped with smooth power twisting around trees, and jumping over debris where it lay on the trail. Like the wind, he sprinted through the timber. Ducking and dodging branches, as though he had been doing this all his life. Not until he reached the collapsed hillside did he slow his pace to where the soiled, pink backpack lay.
For some reason, this young girl hung out with high-school students, and he suspected they used her for their own questionable purposes. Why did they desire a picture of Stafford Manor? He shook his head at the boldness of their intrusion into his private world. He took this as a direct threat to him and his family.
Maxim’s thoughts returned to the backpack. He became curious and sat down on a boulder to check out the contents. There were no surprises waiting. Maxim found an English book, a notebook, an unused camera, and a half-empty box of raisins. However, another book bound in dull green leather with a golden spider web on the cover did surprise him—a book that took on a peculiar aspect like its owner…her personal journal.
That’s why she’s so distraught, he mused. She kept her diary in her backpack. Didn’t girls usually hide them under their pillow, or between their mattresses? He flipped through some of her school work and whispered her name, Oddily. He shook his head in disbelief when he realized that, despite her size, she was also a high-school student. He pulled out the journal and began to read.
DEC. 3: While walking to school, a dark haired girl stuck her arm out of the car window, and slapped me on the back of my head. I accidentally bit my tongue, and I’m still in pain.
Maxim turned several pages to another entry.
MAR. 17: Today, across the front of my locker door, someone wrote, “Troll” with a green marker.What Maxim read was bothersome, cruelty beyond his understanding. He turned the pages to an entry from the previous month.
FEB. 14: I found a Valentine card in my locker signed by Paul, and was ecstatic! It turned out to be a joke and my tears keep coming. At least Paul wasn’t the one who did it.
Maxim couldn’t continue and closed the book. He mulled over what he had read as a strange emotion seeped through him. This peculiar, uncomfortable sadness was out of the ordinary for him while he thought about the girl. He had a desire to help her, but it was unsafe for him to get involved in anyone’s life without jeopardizing his own existence. Could he do nothing when someone’s problematic life literally fell into his lap? If only his father would come home to advise him.
Maxim retraced his steps to the gate, and decided to leave the backpack on the path a few feet from the view of passerby’s. He unlatched the gate and left it ajar, so the girl would have easy access. That was the least he could do for her.
* * * * * *
There was a sense of relief when Oddily found the gate open after returning with a foot stool. She was doubtful, but still managed to tiptoe through the opening to search for her backpack. The thought of her journal falling into the hands of anyone other than herself made her nervous. The same fear gave her courage to do what she must.
She stopped for a moment and took a deep breath to steady her nerves before heading down the path, and on seeing it, she cried out, “My backpack!”
She limped forward and picked the bundle up, hugging her possession as though she’d reunited with a dear, long lost friend. She quickly checked her bag, grateful to see her beloved journal along with the camera.
“Starla and her friends weren’t kidding,” Oddily spoke softly. “I did enter these grounds.”
High above, Maxim sat in the bough of a gnarled tree and waited for Oddily to hobble back toward the gate. Satisfied with the outcome, he covered his mouth with his sleeve to stifle the laughter. The wild mop of hair bobbing on her head appeared to be too large for her thin body, and the sight of her struck a chord of amusement.
How does a girl like her survive in the world? The new thought sobered him. He shuddered to think of the sorrow he had read in her journal, and the fear he caused her only a short time ago.
Suddenly he shook his head, chiding himself for getting involved, and jumped down out of the tree. Nexa was right. It was forbidden to interfere with the lives of people outside the confines of their hidden world.
Maxim! He stopped short by the sound of his sister's frantic voice. Did you take my game glasses? They were on the cart next to the girl. Oh no, do you think she took them?
Settle down Nexa. I rummaged through her backpack, and I didn’t see them. Maybe you left them somewhere else.
No, she has them. I know she does! What are we going to do? We have to get them back!
You need to calm down. I’ll retrieve them before she figures out how to activate them.
Max, they are already activated! I left them on pause when Tinley came in with the girl.
How long before it activates again?
It's set for ten minutes.
What setting are they on?
They’re paused on the Labyrinth!
Maxim knew his sister was referring to the imperfect virtual reality game he designed for her when he was only eight years old, and it had many flaws. I’ll get them back sis. I promise!
What if she tries them on, or shows them to someone else!? This advanced technology can’t be exposed without the risk of others discovering who we are.
Stop it! I’ll go and get them back right now.
Be careful to keep yourself hidden.
Maxim had the same thoughts resembling his sister's doomsday attitude but pulled himself together. He placed the hood of his sweatshirt up over his head and sprinted down the dirt path, past the gate. He doubted the game would affect the girl too adversely, but that was of no big concern to him at this point. What would happen if the virtual game fell into the wrong hands was frighteningly crucial. It could change the course of technological discovery before it’s ready, and he couldn’t allow that to happen. It was the one fear his father drummed into him and his sister's head since birth. He had to ensure the continued safety of their private lives.
Ten minutes went by. Nexa, you're not going to believe this, but I lost her.
Are you serious?!? He detected a new wave of panic in his sister's voice.
I don’t know how she disappeared so quickly, unless she hitched a ride.
What are we going to do? We can’t lose those glasses!
Listen to me. She goes to Forest Ridge High. I know this from rummaging through her backpack. We’ll have to wait until tomorrow, and then I’ll follow her home after school.
* * * * * *
Oddily sat by the side of the road, hidden from view while she leaned against a giant tree. She was too tired and stupefied to drag the footstool all the way back home. Her body ached severely now, and she needed to calm down a bit and pull herself together. While she rested, she caught sight of a guy whiz by and began to watch with fascination while this tall hooded figure sprinted up and down the road like a lean, graceful gazelle. He seemed bewildered by not knowing which way to go, and he yelled profanities at himself the whole time. Oddily had never heard cuss words sound so beautifully regal and elegant. Then like magic, he left, vanishing, as if he were a figment of her imagination.





CHAPTER 6

When Oddily reached the road dipping down into the familiar meadow, she knew she was almost home. Thankfully, Starla’s Mini Cooper wasn’t in front of the house yet, which was an immense relief. She often prayed for her to be late from cheerleading practice, or to hang out at a friend’s house. If she arrived home before Starla, she had a better chance to be free from the mean girl's incessant badgering.
Oddily flinched from a sharp twinge in her thigh, but why she felt so sore remained a mystery. Starla’s fan club was right. She had gone beyond the line of safety because her backpack showed up on the other side of the gate. Her reasoning mind told her something must have happened, but what?
After entering the backdoor, she slipped into her room, and went to the mirror to survey the damage. She viewed her same unattractive face, wearing a torn dress and sweater that had long ago lost its shape. Besides being full of dirt, she had black and blue marks as well as some dried blood from scratches. Oddily stared at the goose egg on her forehead and winced in pain when she touched the lump. How could she not remember what happened to her? She shuddered with confusion, and fear for her sanity.
She stepped away in revulsion and lowered herself to her bed, hiding her face in the pillow. Not more than five minutes went by before the front door opened and slammed shut. Music started to blast from Starla’s bedroom with random conversation and lots of laughs. Then her heart stopped when she heard Starla’s demanding voice, “Oddily, where are you?”
Oddily rose from the bed and with a slow pace walked down the hallway to Starla’s room. The two girls were still with her. Her best friend, Kendall had stretched out on the bed with Starla, and the other sat on the floor glancing through a teen magazine.
“Where is my camera?” Oddily hated the whine in Starla’s voice.
“I found it with my backpack. I’ll be right back!” Oddily turned and limped back down the hallway all the while grimacing with pain. She retrieved the camera from the bottom of her bag and rushed back to Starla’s bedroom, but didn’t enter. Instead, she tossed the disposable camera onto the bed. Starla eyed the number of pictures taken and smirked.
“You didn’t use the camera!” she yelled at Oddily, who remained silent while she stood at the door jam.Oddily sensed the hatred radiating out from behind Starla’s dark blue eyes.
“You know what this means, don’t you.” Starla threatened her when she didn’t get a response.
Oddily shrugged with a blank expression, wincing at the discomfort her movement caused across her sore shoulders.
Starla had a different look on her face—one that was both teasing and watchful. “You can leave now, Oddily.”
Geeez thanks boss, she wanted to say, but Oddily’s comment would only come back to haunt her later. Keeping her mouth shut was the only safe way to deal with Starla, so she edged away from the doorway and returned to her own room.





CHAPTER 7

Another torturous school day was underway for Oddily. She sat in history class with her dreamy eyes focused on the blinking device she had found in her sweater pocket. Whatever the thing was, it didn’t belong to her, but she found it fascinating. She decided to use it as a distraction so she wouldn’t have to make eye contact with Paul in the seat next to her.
She had to admit the sleek looking glasses appeared a bit abnormal if they truly were spectacles. With aqua blue frames splattered with strands of silver and sea green lenses, she imagined the device belonging to a beautiful mermaid…if mermaids wore such a thing.
Oddily bit her tongue and squirmed in her seat, appearing as a cat catching a mouse. Out of the corner of her eye, she could tell Paul was flirting with Starla—and her foster sister seemed pleased. Had he developed a crush on her? What a silly question—what guy wouldn’t?
Was that why Paul kept looking at her? Oddily wasn’t sure what to think while she slipped on the device, except wonder if Kip knew about their playful interaction.
Unaware, Oddily didn’t know that Paul’s attention was immediately drawn to her. He started to laugh, supposing her intention was to humor the class. He was wrong. In fact, other than hearing raves of laughter drifting off from some faraway place, Oddily no longer believed herself to be in the classroom. Her face had frozen with a silly expression as a bright rainbow of blurred pastel colors began to take form, making it clear to her that the peculiar object had transported her to an intriguing new place.
Oddily’s new surroundings put her in a momentary stupor. She found herself standing on a narrow path between two high hedges—neat and green and attractive. Some internal instinct warned her to be more frightened than she was, but her mind had gone numb. Maybe she was in shock.
“What is this place?” That became the only sensible comment popping out of her mouth.
If only she could climb the hedge for a better view of her surroundings, but there was no way to climb it, no limb strong enough to hold her up. Not knowing what else to do, she walked along the hedge for a few yards, until she came upon an open arch in the hedge to her left. She turned into the arch but then stopped and frowned. If she wandered away from the path, she may get lost. But then again, wasn’t she lost already? Oddily decided to follow the new path.
She faced another choice almost immediately, with the option to turn right. She passed through one more arch, but stopped again when she realized there was a more confusing option now–going straight, or choose between two arches just a few feet apart on the left side of the hedge.
Oddily began to worry. After a few more twists and turns, the maze didn’t seem quite so intriguing. There was an eerie silence and stillness about the place that gave her the creeps. She could feel the hairs on her arms rise. After all, putting on a pair of glasses from her pocket didn’t usually entail an experience like this. She kept looking over her shoulder as she made her way down the path.
Finally, Oddily decided to head back in the direction she had come. She began moving faster, almost running, but the path curved to the right and fell away. It sloped steeply down a hillside, so that she had a sudden, unexpected view of a huge labyrinth in the valley below. Her pulse quickened at the sight, and a scary thought entered her head. How long could a person survive without food or water?
There was no doubt that Oddily wanted to return to her seat in History class but how? She moved on, wandered aimlessly and her heart almost stopped when she felt a tug. But it was only a thread from her sweater that had been caught when she brushed against the hedge. Funny…she’s never thought much about virtual worlds before. But now she was very interested.
Then, very faintly, she thought she heard a slight rustling sound. She stopped in her tracks to listen more closely. Yes, there it was again. The rustling sound started again, slightly louder and just up ahead.
As the rustling became more distinct, Oddily moved more slowly, more cautiously. When she rounded the next bend, she noticed just in time someone move across the path and vanish through a gap in the hedges.
A shiver went through her. Panic…that was what she was feeling.
“Pssst,” The sound came from behind her this time and she spun around, practically colliding with a body. A bald-headed boy with silver eyes, whom she guessed to be eight or nine years old, stood directly behind her. He was watching her, and she met his stare with wide eyes. His creepy features made her heart flip-flop in her chest.
“I am Oliver,” the boy spoke with an unusual, quirky sound to his voice, a strange intonation.
Oddily didn’t respond, remaining frozen where she stood.
“Come with me!” he beckoned her with his hand.
Oddily refused to move.
“All right,” the boy smiled creepily and then headed back towards the hedge. “Play the game the way you want.”
“Wait!” Oddily called out. “Can you get me out of here?”
“That’s up to you, depending on how many points you have stored up?”
“What do you mean?” her face took on a forlorn expression.
“You know—the points collected so far in the game. You can buy tools to help yourself get out of this mess and win…remember?”
“I’m sorry. I don’t know what you're talking about,” a new surge of fear swept over her.
“Sure you do!” He said in a flat, matter of fact tone.
Oddily became lost for words because Oliver sounded disturbingly insane.
“Nexa, you know how to play the game.” His words broke through the silence.
Oddily blinked hard, “Who is Nexa?”
“You are, of course.”
That did it! Oddily put distance between them. She ran back down the path in an attempt to get away from him. When the boy followed, she picked up a strange object that mysteriously appeared on the path and threw it at him. “Get away from me,” she shouted.
When the object made contact with the boy and his body shimmered, a voice from nowhere announces, “Congratulations! You have completed level one.”
Oddily began to chew at her lip when she noticed the fallen object disappear and a hole open up in its wake.
“What just happened?” she asked. “Why did a hole appear?”
“It’s the entrance to level two,” Oliver spoke with no real surprise in his tone.
“Level two—you mean there’s more?” Oddily became more confused than ever.
“Sure, the game has twelve in all.”
Oddily stepped forward and got an eerie sensation in the pit of her stomach when she peered into the hole and spotted a stairway leading down into darkness. “It looks spooky,” she stammered.
“The next level will be harder,” the intonation of Oliver’s voice started to mess with her head. Besides his appearance, there was something off about the kid, as though the boy had no real feelings or emotions. Then again, why should he? Everything about this experience was unreal!
Oddily was still staring down into the dark hole when she heard a strange vacuum sound approaching in the distance.
Oliver said, “You better follow me unless you want to outsmart the beast and advance to level three.”
“What are you talking about?” As if in response to Oddily’s question, an enormous brown dog leaped onto the path as its massive head turned their way.
Without hesitation, Oliver jumped into the hole and started down the stairs. Oddily hopped in after him and scrambled down the rickety, cobwebbed stairway. The air had a pungent, musty odor which made it difficult to breathe, but she didn’t care. The dog’s growl, resonating down into the hole was scarier than stale air. She continued on, listening intently until the terrifying sound of the dog disappeared.
“I can touch you!” Oddily said after she grabbed both the back of the boy’s shirt, and an old wooden railing.
“Of course you can.”
Is that possible though?” she asked despite her disbelief. “After all, you’re not a real person…right?”
“If you say so.”
Suddenly the light from the hole they entered from above diminished. They were enveloping in darkness so Oddily felt her way, step by step, the rest of the way down the planks. She faithfully followed behind Oliver, hardly believing this was happening to her. She wanted to return to her own world, but still didn’t know how. She felt trapped inside a virtual game.
Suddenly, a wave of nausea threatened to overwhelm her. “Oh no, I think I’m going to puke.”
“What is puke?” Oliver asked.
“You don’t want to know,” she gulped.
Oddily kept swallowing her spit to calm her stomach, and continued her journey until Oliver announced that his foot landed on level two. As if by magic, dim, yellow lights blinked on, exposing a long tunnel made of the living earth.
“How did you do that with the lights?”
Oliver gave Oddily a blank stare. “I didn’t do anything! Are you sure it wasn’t you?” Her silence gave him his answer.
The two continued their journey in single file because of the narrow tunnel. Oliver went first, then her, as they wandered through the uncertain lines of the earthen walls. Deep tree roots pierced the tunnel with water dripping down from above, causing moisture with hunks of earth falling periodically from the walls.
She clung close to Oliver as she stumbled over the uneven floor, terrified the passageway would collapse on them. All kinds of fears crept into her mind, but she brushed them aside in an attempt to be strong.
After some time, they rounded a bend in the otherwise straight path and Oliver stopped so suddenly, she bumped into him.
“What’s the matter?” She whispered.
“Something is waiting for you up ahead. You must continue without me.”
“Let me have a look.” Oddily peeked around Oliver, and adjusted her eyes while the kid stood like a mannequin. “I don’t want…”

Mr. Belmont removed the device from Oddily’s eyes and placed them on her desk, disrupting the virtual world.
“Are you all right?” the teacher’s voice sounded concerned while he stared at the pale, disoriented Oddily staring into space with her mouth gaping open.
“Paul, go get the nurse—hurry!”
The startled Oddily jerked in her seat and snapped her head towards Mr. Belmont when she realized she was back in the classroom.
Paul got up to fetch the nurse, but Oddily found her voice and blurted out, “No. I…I’m OK!” She wasn’t fibbing because as soon as the glasses left her eyes she had come back to this world.
“Are you sure?” The teacher wasn’t convinced.
Oddily nodded her head, snatched up the device, and shoved it into her backpack.




CHAPTER 8

Oddily’s next class was Physical Education. The locker room filled with girls changing into their gym clothes. Nothing smelled quite like a room full of stinky tennis shoes and sweat stained P.E. clothes.
As usual, Oddily was the only one not getting dressed. Instead, she sat on the bench in front of her gym locker reliving the strange phenomenon that took place in history class.  To appear busy, she rummaged through her backpack, pretending to have lost something until everyone left for Aerobics.
Every day she had a different excuse not to change her clothes with anyone around. Her favorites were a stuck locker, forgotten gym clothes, a headache or injury, and too late for class.
The thought of undressing in front of anyone was humiliating, knowing her training bra had already become the butt for many locker room jokes. Girl’s her age had fully developed while she remained as flat as a pancake. Too bad there wasn’t a chest fairy to come to her rescue.
Then her thought went to the quirky, deadhead, Oliver, with his bald head, unnatural silver hued eyes and unfortunately, his lifeless personality. She found the magical glasses tucked in the corner of her backpack and shook her head in amazement as she took them out, re-examining them until the tardy bell rang.
A huge crowd of girls milled around the gym room floor, giggling and talking, when the shrill sound of a whistle brought most of the conversation to a halt. All eyes turned in the direction of the gym teacher.
“Cut the chatter, students!” Coach Berkley bellowed, and the rest became dead silent. The girls’ gym instructor sounded gruff, not sparing anyone’s feelings. Most learned to ignore her, although occasionally a girl would burst into tears when the teacher’s criticism became particularly harsh. She ordered everyone to line up in a straight line and took the roll call while Oddily managed to sneak in line unnoticed.
It didn’t take long for the P.E. teacher’s gaze to fall on the space below the neckline of Oddily’s gym shirt. She swiftly walked over to pull her out of line. “Oddily, if this is a joke, I’m not laughing!”
“I’m not trying to be funny.” Oddily’s response came with such sincerity the coach had no choice but to believe her.
“It appears as though you have developed breasts overnight.”
Oddily’s eyes widened. “Is it that obvious,” she whispered. “I just thought if I stuffed my bra a little it would—never mind.”
“I believe you can do without the enhancement,” the coach cleared her throat, and Oddily thought she caught a twinkle in the teacher’s eye.
“I guess you’re right,” Oddily made a face, “Besides, I think they’re lopsided.”
Oddily had already retrieved one ball of tissue and dug for the other while hearing muffled whispers and snickers from the classmates. Oddily handed the Kleenex to the coach and scurried back in line, ignoring everyone; this was including the watchful eye of a handsome stranger she wasn’t even aware of—someone who could hardly contain his amusement.
The whole class exercised, completing a standard routine of leg lifts, arm circles, toe curls, and side twists. Oddily was moist with perspiration and out of breath by the time the whistle twilled, and everyone came to a halt.
“Okay, hit the showers girls—you stink!”
As Oddily stood in line for the drinking fountain, she knew something was up. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a few girls surrounding Starla, full of excitement as they walked with her to the showers. The small group shot amused looks her way while Starla spun another web of meanness.




CHAPTER 9

The surprise attack came right after lunch. Oddily was waiting for the huge mass of kids to leave the cafeteria when she spotted Kip at the side door, chomping on a toothpick.
“Come here,” he waggled his finger at her.
“Me?” Oddily pointed to herself.
Kip nodded; but when Oddily remained in her seat, he marched over to her table and snatched her backpack from off of her shoulder.
“Give it back!” Oddily chased after him through the rear door and around the corner. She found Kip standing in front of the trash bin, and his hands were empty.
“Where’s my backpack?” Oddily glared at him.
Kip nodded at the dumpster as his smile took on the likeness of a sneer.
“Will you please give it back to me?”
“Yeah, right!” he started to bark, but calmed himself. “Get it yourself.”
Before Oddily could think, Kip grabbed hold of her waist and threw her, head first into discarded trash; soggy, smelly food, and paper waste.
“Ewww!” Oddily shrieked. While listening to Kip’s horsy chuckle, the strangest thing happened. All of a sudden he sounded startled and unnerved.
“Hey man—back off!” Kip’s agitated voice and heavy footsteps began to fade until her surroundings became eerily quiet.
Oddily grabbed her backpack from the trash and was about to climb out of the dumpster when she overheard someone say, “Hello?”
She froze for a long moment and waited, holding her breath. The magical sound of the voice wasn’t familiar to her, except maybe in her dreams.
“Do you need some help?” She overheard the comforting tone again.
Oddily slowly raised her head above the edge of the garbage bin and looked into the most exquisite face she had ever seen. Vibrant sky blue eyes stared at her while the boy’s mouth remained unresponsive to any smile. Inch by inch, Oddily lowered herself back down into the trash.
The stranger’s brooding eyes grew wide with surprise. “Does this mean you want to be left alone?” he tried not to express amusement, but he couldn’t fully contain himself. A strangled laugh caught in his throat.
Oddily raised her head again—enough to peek over the rim and couldn’t help but stare at his now parted lips. She got a glimpse of his perfect, white teeth while he smirked at her. Oddily’s gaze moved up to the hood of his sweatshirt, catching a hint of blonde hair, and then back to his pale blue eyes.
He reached over and removed a piece of lettuce from her hair, and the befuddled redhead gave him a goofy grin in return. He took note of how her smile began far down in her eyes and flowed outward to her face as if it were a shadow coming into sunshine. She was enchanting.
“Will you please help me out of here?” Oddily stood up and stretched out her arms to him. Her innocent, trusting gesture caught him off guard, and he staggered a little while helping her from the dumpster. The closeness of her body sent a wave of sensation through him like none he had ever experienced. There was an unfamiliar physical connection with her he couldn’t define—nor wanted to accept.
Jack, the school custodian, arrived to throw away more stinky food when he spotted the stranger lift Oddily from the dumpster.
“Well, hello again, Missy,” the old man chuckled as he glanced from one to the other.
“I accidentally threw away my backpack,” Oddily’s cheeks flushed into a deeper pink under the janitor’s stare.
Jack’s eyes were full of kindness as he studied her face from under her hair. “Did ya get it back?”
Oddily held out her bag, and with a knowing wink, the custodian dumped the trash and left.
“Why did you lie to the old man?” the stranger asked. He had been staring in another direction as if he were hiding his face from the janitor, but returned his gaze upon Oddily when they were alone.
“I didn’t want to,” she lowered her head shyly and then peeked up at him.
Before he spoke, Maxim hesitated as he studied her demure, timid nature. “Do you always let people treat you like that?”
“Sort of.” She bit her lip from saying more. By the expression on his face, she suspected he must think of her as some freak of nature.
“I will walk with you to your next class,” the stranger spoke just before his sister’s voice rang loudly through his mind.
What are you doing?
The intensity of her tone startled him, bringing him back to his senses. He needed to shrug off this strange compulsion to protect this girl, and reminded himself that his original purpose was to retrieve his sister’s childhood game.
He believed this shy girl had his device on her, or somewhere close by. He was both worried and relieved when he overheard two students laughing over the incident in history class. From his observation, Oddily didn’t seem to be adversely affected by playing the game, and that pleased him. She also hadn’t breathed a word to anyone about what she experienced, which was both a relief and somewhat puzzling.
“Okay, if you want to,” Oddily shrugged.
“Where is your class?” He asked after eyeing the bits and pieces of garbage still clinging to her clothes.
You’re being foolish!
Sis, I’m aware of what I’m doing, so stop interrupting me!
Oddily pointed to the north end of the campus and awkwardly started to walk across a patch of grass. The stranger strolled along next to her, both remaining silent until he introduced himself. “My name is Maxim.”
“Maxim,” she repeated the name to herself. It brought to mind something both strong and powerful, like thunder during a storm. Maxim caught the hint of a frown on her partially hidden face as she appeared to be intensely preoccupied.
“Are you going to tell me who you are, or shall we keep it a mystery?”
“Oh, I’m sorry! I’m Oddily.” She would much rather have said something more beautiful, like Jasmine or Felicity, but she didn’t. Oddily blushed, feeling somewhat like an oaf due to her lack of social manners.
“Hello, Oddily,” Maxim already knew who she was, but she had no recollection of their first encounter. “Your name is unusual.”
“I know,” she shrugged her shoulders. Oddily’s sudden gesture caused her backpack to slip from her arm, but Maxim quickly caught it up for her.
“Here, let me carry that for you.” Maxim glimpsed a small crease form between her delicate brows hidden under her massive head of hair.
“Leave my backpack alone!” Her voice sounded distressed as she snatched her backpack from him and took a step back. “Starla put you up to this, didn‘t she?!”
Maxim watched her bottom lip quiver while she protectively hugged her schoolbag.
“What are you talking about?” He started to reach for her, but changed his mind when it appeared as though she was about to run. “Nobody put me up to anything.”
Oddily blinked up at him in a disbelieving way and shook her head. “I caught Starla and the others whispering under their breath in the locker room.”
“I’m sure that has nothing to do with me.” Maxim lowered his head, pulling his hood further down over his face. He listened to her accusing words all the while noticing her outburst had drawn too much unwanted attention to him. It was time to leave, but not before one last question. “Who is Starla?”
Oddily abruptly spun around and ran off towards her classroom; but instead of going inside, she slipped around the side of the building leaving Maxim staring after the unhappy girl.
“What just happened?” His brows knitted together in confusion. At this point, it didn’t matter because he had messed up and chided himself for his stupidity. This wasn’t the way he intended to get the game glasses back. His plan was to keep an eye on her from afar until school was over, and then follow her home; but when he saw the oversized bully toss her into the dumpster, he couldn’t just stand there and do nothing. After he had pondered over the incident, Maxim decided that no harm was done and chose to stay with his original plan.




CHAPTER 10

After arriving home and showering, Oddily flopped onto her bed—drumming up enough courage to use the game glasses again. If she needed to escape the game, all she had to do was remove the device from her eyes, and like magic, she would return to this world.
On the count of three, she slipped them on. After the blur and whirl of many colors, she was back, standing on a dirt path in the middle of the giant labyrinth. The tall hedges—everything appeared as before.
While Oddily wandered through the maze with a sense of awe at the realness of her surroundings, she could hear the vacuum noise start up again as if on cue. Then it only took a few more steps before she eyed the huge brown mutt from her previous game. The dog was larger than she remembered, and he didn’t look too happy. The canine’s lip curled into a snarl, showing sharp teeth, and a low-rumble sounding like thunder in the distance erupted from his throat. She knew the dog was simulated, but the sight of him terrified her nonetheless.
“E-e-easy b-b-boy!” she tried to steady her voice. Oddily started to back away, not daring to move too fast—hardly wanting to breathe. She slowly reached up to take off the glasses before the dog attacked, but she found no glasses to remove.
Game or no game, Oddily’s mind and body reacted as if her situation was real. Could the dog really hurt her? She edged her way towards the tall hedge to her right until she sensed the nearness of an opening to another path. Like a flash, she tried to flee for safety in an attempt to plunge through the archway; but, she didn’t move fast enough and her surroundings went blank, except for a flashing sign with the words: Game Over.
A new set of words appeared. Start Again.
Oddily was amused. She realized the sleek, peculiar looking glasses were a harmless virtual game designed to entertain kids. All she had to do was die at the hands of her enemy to end the game!
“Start again.” Oddily echoed the command, not remembering if her request came from her thoughts or she had said it out loud. To her surprise the game started over, the towering hedges reappearing just like before.
Oddily felt fearless this time. As she ventured through the maze, she searched for one of those special objects that had the power to advance her to level two. She wanted to know what the next level would be like. She was also wondering when Oliver would appear just as she heard the vacuum sound again. It didn’t take long before the vicious mutt came into view. Its lip curled in a snarl with the same threatening growl as before.
Oddily’s heart skipped a beat when she remembered her first, terrifying moment with the dog. Then she smiled, knowing this to be an extremely bizarre game. She considered it ‘high-tech’ kid stuff that she had heard about through the news media, but could hardly imagine until now.
When another resounding snarl ripped from his throat, Oddily reconsidered. Maybe she should have asked Oliver how to outsmart the dog first before she confronted him again.
* * * * * *
Maxim followed Oddily home with no problem. He sneaked around to the side of the large house and started peering through windows until he found the right room. She was lying on the bed with the glasses covering her eyes.
“I knew it,” Maxim whispered through clenched teeth. He wanted to shout out his frustration when he eyed her using the game, but bit his lip. He needed to stay focused in order to get the glasses back; however, he found himself intrigued. He couldn’t help but wonder why this girl would risk wearing them again; assuming, ‘The Labyrinth had already scared her.
Maxim made his way to the front door and found the house key under the welcome mat. After he had entered the house, he needed to be careful not to run into other family members. He remained as silent as a cat burglar, sneaking through the foyer, past the living room and down a long hallway. He stopping at the first two rooms, heard nothing, so he proceeded to the third room to listen. With one quick stride, he was on the other side of the half opened door. A colorful girl’s bedroom came into view—nothing like the drab room where he had spotted Oddily.
With Maxim satisfied that no one was home, he circled back through the kitchen to the maid's quarters and stood in front of the white paneled door leading to Oddily. As quietly as possible, he turned the knob and cracked the door open just enough to see inside. There she was. Oddily’s motionless body was lying on the bed with his device still in place, oblivious to his presence.
Maxim stepped inside and wondered why Oddily’s room appeared so dreary compared to the rest of the house. The furnishings consisted of an antique wooden dresser, mismatched nightstands, a gaudy old-fashioned lamp, a long mirror on the back of the closet door, and a few unattractive dresses hanging neatly on hangers. Maxim didn’t want to stay any longer than he needed. For some reason, this glimpse into Oddily’s private world both puzzled and annoyed him in a way he couldn’t even begin to understand.




CHAPTER 11

Oddily’s eyes fluttered open and soon realized the glasses that had covered her eyes were missing. Like a silly fool, she still reached for them, but nothing was there. After discovering she had returned to her own bedroom, she sat up searching her bed and under her body. Her teacher was the one who removed her glasses in history class. So who took them off this time?
“Maybe they fell off!” she mumbled while scrambling to the floor for a peek under the bed. When nothing was found, she sat quietly for a moment to try and think logically. If she had returned to her own world, the glasses would be somewhere close by, but they weren’t. Did that mean she was still in the game? She considered this possibility until her eyes grew wide with wonder. What other explanations were there and yet, what happened to the labyrinth? What was the point in playing a game that was a replica of the real world?
“Oh my gosh—if this means what I think it does,” Oddily jumped to her feet and squealed, “I’m free to do anything I want. And I can’t get hurt!”
Oddily couldn’t wait to get started and grabbed her backpack, but changed her mind and threw it back onto the bed. Normally, she never left without it for fear that someone would get hold of her journal; but this was a game, and there was no threat of that ever happening.
Oddily happily ran from her room and headed straight for the doorway of Starla’s bedroom. It was like looking into a strange and beautiful land that mistakenly belonged to a mean girl instead of herself. She marveled, for the umpteenth time, at its beauty with its white wicker furniture and ruffled bedspread.
Starla hated her bedroom because she thought it looked too childish, and demanded her own interior designer for a makeover; but when her mother didn’t respond, her plan of revenge was to keep her room looking like a pig sty. Starla’s mom complained about her messy ways, but always had the maid come in and clean up after her.
Oddily walked into the bedroom that normally was off limits to her, and sat on Starla’s bed, dreamily savoring the rare moment. She would have loved to stay and play dress up in Starla’s clothes, which she secretly did anyway, but decided on new clothes of her own.
Her next stop was the guest bathroom where she raided the toilet paper. With her arms full, she left the house and headed down the main road towards Forest Ridge High. Oddily half expected to see Oliver pop up and join her in this new game but unfortunately, he didn’t. Weird or not, she kind of missed the kid.
When Oddily arrived at the school parking lot, Kip’s new red Chevy truck was parked in his usual place, just as she had hoped for. Her enthusiasm was clear to any observer when she rushed to his squeaky clean truck and began to wrap it in toilet paper. Kids still lingered around campus, but who cared. Certainly, she wouldn’t get into any real trouble. When she was finished, there was one more thing she had to do. She wrote the word ‘Freak’ across the back window using Starla’s favorite red lipstick. Oddily smiled happily with what she had done, and then headed for Starla’s dark blue Mini Cooper.
While approaching her foster sister’s car, Oddily remembered the extra set of keys hidden under the left rear fender and sure enough, they were there. She allowed herself to settle into the driver’s seat and wondered if she knew how to start the car.
* * * * * *
Maxim was at the gas station letting his sister know that he had retrieved her game glasses when the distraction of a honking horn caught his attention. He spotted a dark blue Mini Cooper swerving down the road, and the driver had a mop of golden-red hair—Oddily! From the way she drove, he believed she may have been experiencing a side effect from her use of the virtual game.
Nexa, I think Oddily’s in trouble.
You have the glasses, so forget about her and return home.
I can’t! I’m going to follow her to review the situation.
Please don’t, Maxim?
We’ll talk later, sis.
It was effortless for Maxim to follow Oddily because she drove so slowly. In fact, he had to pull off the road several times in order to give her some space, and then catch up again. Other drivers weren’t as considerate, speeding around the Mini Cooper, some honking, while others yelled profanities out the window.
Oddily braked often; especially when her car started to veer off into oncoming traffic. It wasn’t until she pulled over to the side of the road on a downward slope and climbed out, that Maxim breathed a sigh of relief. He was glad she didn’t try to park in the nearby shopping center’s parking lot.
Oddily had barely crossed the street, heading for the west end of the village, when her car started to roll down the hill. Maxim watched her while she turned around to view the car land in a gully, but she didn’t seem to be concerned.
Oddily marched through the sliding glass doors of the main department store. She felt quite proud of herself for arriving without causing an accident. Supposing she had, she could still smile knowing nothing truly happened. She liked this game a lot!
Shoppers crowded the aisles of the brightly lit store. The soft music floating out over the loudspeakers nearly drowned out the steady roar of voices, shuffling feet, ringing phones, and the usual chaos of all large department stores.Oddily leaned against the costume jewelry counter, ignoring the blur of patrons.
She became intrigued with a pretty young woman who admired her reflection in the mirror, adjusting her long, dark, wavy hair to check out a pair of earrings. The attractive girl reminded Oddily of one of her dream spree personas of herself.
“Why can’t I be pretty like her?” she asked herself while tapping her fingers against the glass counter-top. Then she focused on the makeup counter across the aisle where two sales girls, blonde model types, had hurried to assist another customer.
Oddily glanced at a clock on the wall and took note that the second hand wasn’t sweeping around in a circle. At first, the idea stunned her, but then she smiled. Of course, the hand didn’t move unless, of course, there was such a thing as virtual time?
Oh yes—new clothes! Oddily got her thoughts back on track, moving further into the store. She loved the idea of shopping. She found it tempting to go into a department store and go through all the pretty things. If merchandise could talk, it would beg to be taken away from all the glitz and glitter…to be made part of a real home.
When Oddily reached the Misses section, she felt frumpy and home-made compared to the racks of lovely clothing. She thumbed through the merchandise and realized all too soon she needed to go to the junior department.
She made her way to the smaller sized clothing and looked through the clothes. Being so small, Oddily couldn’t be seen among the racks. Only the moving hangers gave away her location. Maxim kept his eye on her while he maintained his distance. It was easy to stay unnoticed because of the way Oddily walked around with her head in the clouds.
Oddily still found the clothing too large for her. Apparently, most designers made their garments for girls with a full bust line, so she reconciled herself to the children’s department and stood among the little girl clothes.
“May I help you?”
Oddily acted shy when a sales clerk approached, “I’m just looking right now.”Oddily assessed the clothes as either overly cute, the wrong color, or too many ruffles. She glanced up, becoming discouraged with the choice of styles until she eyed the soft green party dress hanging on another rack. She had found something age appropriate and knew she had to take the dress home. She didn’t want to waste one more minute without her new found treasure hanging close to her body, so she took the pretty green garment from its hanger and slipped it on over her old clothes.
Maxim’s head jolted back as if someone had pulled his hair from behind, and looked around to check if anyone caught sight of what Oddily did. He tried to convince himself it was an acceptable way of trying on clothes, and she would take the dress off after she viewed herself in the mirror.
He smirked at her strangeness, but his amusement became short lived when she walked away with the dress still on. She didn’t seem to be aware of anyone else around her, as though she was caught up in her own little world.
For Maxim, the situation concerning Oddily sunk in and he reacted; especially after eyeing the sales girl on the phone. She appeared to be alarmed while keeping an eye on her shoplifter. With several quick, flowing steps, Maxim was by the clerk’s side dropping money on the counter.
She paused for a moment, glancing from the money to Maxim’s handsome face, then asked, “May I help you?”
“I’m paying for the green dress my girlfriend has on,” he said stupidly, wishing he had come up with a better story.
The girl hung up the phone. “I’m sorry sir. I will need the sales tag before I can complete the transaction.”
“That won’t be possible,” he frowned.
“We have a strict store policy here, sir.”
Maxim glanced around, spotting another dress like the one Oddily took. “Would you accept another tag from the same style dress and complete the transaction?”
“Maybe I should call the manager to…” Before she could finish speaking, the other dress and three hundred dollars were laying on the counter.
“Sir, you must wait for the transaction to clear, and you’ll need a receipt.”
But Maxim had already left, finding Oddily in the shoe department trying on a pair of boots. They resembled her old, worn out ankle high boots in a drab shade of brown that clashed with her new dress. Maxim tried to remain unnoticed while he moved to the counter and paid for her boots. It was a good thing he did, because Oddily walked away with her new footwear, as if she owned the entire store.
Her next stop was the perfume counter. Oddily started to spray different floral scented perfumes on her wrist and along the sides of her neck. Maxim choked and moved further away when the fumes began to make him lightheaded. Fortunately, Oddily didn’t seem to like any of the fragrances because she crossed the aisle to the makeup counter without stealing anything.
Maxim slipped his sunglasses on to hide from the pretty blonde sales clerk who eyed him while helping Oddily to choose a lip color. She picked out a shade that went well with Oddily’s new dress. Oddily allowed the clerk to apply it on her lips—cute pouting lips. He hadn’t checked them out before, but with the lipstick on, they were…Maxim wouldn’t let himself finish his inner dialogue while Oddily viewed herself in the mirror. She shook her head back and forth.
The sales clerk kept glancing at Maxim, so he tried to look busy by stuffing Oddily’s old boots inside the shoe bag. He wasn’t even sure why he cleaned up after her, but he did. He glanced up again to see whether the sales girl was still staring at him, but she was distracted by another customer.
Maxim started to reflect on the females about town. When he went out, which wasn’t often, he usually didn’t allow himself to pay attention to them. It was too risky to get involved with anyone. One wrong move on his part could cause chaos to this world around him because he and his sister were never meant to be born in this timeline. Now with this odd redhead named Oddily falling into his life, he became curious. Her unique appearance drew him to her. He found her fascinating and yet reluctantly wanted to know more about her.
Maxim caught Oddily’s rapid movement. She didn’t seem to like the lipstick, and walked away from the counter. Was she affected by the virtual reality game or was this how she normally acted? He hoped not, because her peculiar style of shoplifting would get her arrested. Maxim expressed amusement at the thought of what she had done, and then frowned. No—something was going on with her, and he needed to find out before she got herself into serious trouble.
Maxim took a deep breath, happy that Oddily’s shopping excursion was over. He followed her outside without incident, but other trouble waited out on the street. The car that Oddily had driven so haphazardly was surrounded by the police, and this seemed to amuse her. 
Maybe she’s crazy after all. Maxim had stopped in his tracks until he spotted Oddily marching through the parking lot towards the crime scene.
“Oddily!” he bellowed while sprinting for his car. Thankfully, his voice carrying her name had stunned her long enough for her to stop and turn around. His distraction gave him time to retrieve his Z4 roadster.
Oddily watched a gunmetal gray car pull up next to her and stop.
“Isn’t your name Marvin?” she asked with a demure, questioning look when she noticed who sat in the driver’s seat. It was the handsome stranger whom she had run away from at school earlier that day.
“It’s Maxim,” he smiled lazily, trying to appear calm. “Do you need a lift?”
Maxim clenched his jaw while Oddily glanced over at the commotion around Starla’s Mini Cooper, then back at him. He felt indirectly responsible for her bizarre behavior, so he spoke again.
“I’m starved. Do you mind if we stop somewhere and get something to eat?”
Oddily seemed puzzled—as if she couldn’t decide what to do. Then out of the blue, she perked up and grinned at him, running around to the passenger’s side. When she jumped in, Maxim wasn’t aware of her belly growling from hunger. Nor was he conscious of the fact that she had just reminded herself this was a virtual reality game.
“I guess this means yes!” he said, bewildered by her sudden willingness.
“Yes it does,” she smiled over at him with a goofy, crooked grin.
Maxim took a deep breath and exhaled slowly while Oddily buckled up her seatbelt. He had to smile after seeing her head barely reaching above the dashboard. Oddily’s impaired view of the road explained her horrendous driving skills.
“I hope I won’t be too boring for you,” she said, already apologizing.
“I doubt that will be a problem,” he smiled, musing over her contented expression while he rolled down the windows. Oddily still reeked from her trip to the perfume counter.




CHAPTER 12

While driving down the road, Maxim knew that Oddily’s eyes were on him, and wondered what was on her mind.
“What’s going on?” he asked uneasily.
“What do you mean?” Her smile faded a little.
“Why do you keep staring at me?”
Oddily’s smile widened again. “I’m deciding whether to kiss you or not.”
Maxim threw back his head and laughed while Oddily continued, “Your features are so hypnotizing—especially your eyes.” She reached over and touched his cheek.
Her gentle contact with his flesh stunned him causing an unexpected jolt of electricity to surge through him—a wave of desire he tried to ignore. “What did you decide?”
Oddily shrugged. “I believe it will be a definite, yes!”
Maxim was glad to arrive at the restaurant when they did, and pulled into a parking place near the front entrance. Her answer had aroused him even more, and it became impossible to hide.
“You’ll enjoy the food here,” he changed the subject while lingering in his seat.
“Do you eat here often?”
“No, I don’t care much for restaurants.”
Oddily waited for him to climb out of the car, but he remained seated. He acted embarrassed about something, and that something was probably her. He must have changed his mind over their public appearance together, and didn’t know how to get rid of her.
“We don’t need to go inside if you don’t want to,” she steadied her shaking voice, trying to make it easy for him. “Besides, I’m not very hungry.” As if on cue, her stomach growled.
Oddily’s comments stunned Maxim so much, his immediate issue resolved itself. “We’re eating.” His words sounded blunt and final as Maxim led her into the Hide-A-Way Inn, set back from the hustle and bustle of the busy town. They were escorted to a table in the far corner, hidden behind a trellis of ivy.
Oddily gave the secret hideaway an exploratory once over, and then slipped into the nearest chair facing the wall. Maxim, however, remained standing with his chair pulled out. She wondered why such an odd expression came over his face after she took her seat.
Suddenly, Oddily felt the familiar knot in her stomach when the answer dawned on her. He had been holding out the chair for her. He wanted to sit in the seat she had taken with his back to the other tables. He didn’t want to be seen with her.
Oddily got ready to leave the virtual world after she realized that even in a game she couldn’t get away from rejection. To her shame, tears began to puddle in her eyes, and she got up to leave; but Maxim had stopped her before she passed him, his hand gently grabbing her by the arm.
“Oddily, what’s wrong?” His intense eyes grew large after she shied away from his touch.
“You’re ashamed to be seen with me,” she said, embarrassed.
“I’m sorry,” he was surprised by the hurt tone in her voice. “I guess my need for privacy can sometimes be misconstrued. Please don’t take my actions personally. I want to be here with you.”
Oddily continued to frown in response.
Maxim started to stroke Oddily’s forearm with his finger. “If I didn’t want to be seen with you, I wouldn’t be here right now,” he gave her a half smile.
Oddily drew a deep breath and turned her bewildered gaze to the floor. The sadness on her face appeared to be genuine, how could anyone think otherwise.
“Let’s start over,” he gestured to the chair that still waited for her. Oddily wiped at fresh tears with the back of her hand, and her crooked grin returned.
Maxim sat across from the redhead and stared, trying to understand the girl before him. There was something in her eyes conveying rejection and loneliness that caused him to sway a little.
“You’ve got nice lips,” he volunteered. “You appear as though you’re pouting all the time—it’s cute.”
Oddily’s response intrigued him. She laughed with childlike abandon, as if she genuinely thought he had said something funny. Even with Oddily glancing at the menu, Maxim continued to look at her with interest and curiosity, hardly wanting to believe this fragile girl sitting across from him didn’t take him seriously.
“I think maybe you are my Prince Charming. No—I know you are.” Oddily’s large, dreamy eyes gazed up into his face, acting giddy with girlishness.
“Oh I am, am I,” Maxim leaned back in his chair and tried to hide his surprise over her sudden revelation, while a fountain of laughter threatened to flood his senses.
“Yes,” her face continued to maintain that crooked smile of hers, “and it doesn’t even matter what you prefer, because you have no choice in the matter.”
“And why is that?” Maxim barely could choke out the question.
“Because none of this is real,” she waved her dainty hand in the air to include the entire restaurant full of people.
A blank stare fell across Maxim’s handsome face as she continued. “This is just a game, and I don't want it to end,” she sighed, looking dreamily up at his frozen expression.
“You think you’re in a game?” He tried to wrap his mind around what she implied.
“Yes,” Oddily cocked her head to the side. “I can do anything I want, and nothing can harm me.”
“Excuse me,” Maxim abruptly got to his feet and walked over to another corner of the garden. While trying to calm down, he telepathically called out to his sister.
While Oddily waited for him to return, she eyed a chocolate cake with fudge icing served at the table two rows over.
Oddily got up and strolled over to the other table and asked for a bite of the mouth-watering dessert.
“Get your own damn piece of cake—Waitress!”
“What a good idea,” Oddily smiled brightly at the appalled woman.
When Oddily couldn’t get the attention of the waitress who busily tried to calm the disgruntled woman, she sneaked behind the counter and slid, unnoticed to the kitchen area. The three tiered cart full of desserts was easy to find and Oddily started to sample them with her finger. The first flavor was just okay, but the second one tasted delicious. She carefully picked up the whole cake and headed back to her seat.
“Hey, how did you get back there?!” The manager had spotted Oddily just as she stepped out of the kitchen.
Oddily shrugged and said nothing.
“No one is allowed back there except employees.”
“I can do anything I please.” Oddily grinned at the man’s reddened face.
Maxim was busy talking with his sister in their usual mind-reading way, and if anyone could have listened in on the ethereal dialect, this was what they would have overheard.
Nexa, Maxim tried to calm his mind while he spoke.
Max, you need to get a grip on yourself!
Oddily thinks she’s still in a game. I don’t know why, but I’ve got to find out how this happened.
Leave her, and return home right now.
It’s too dangerous to leave her like this, but I need to talk with you.
I know.  I just read your mind, and we’ve got a problem!
The commotion going on behind Maxim distracted him and noticed the manager standing over Oddily, trying to take a cake away from her. Oddily didn’t seem to be cooperating, and the room full of onlookers made it impossible for him to remain inconspicuous.
Against better judgment, Maxim reached Oddily’s side and graciously offered an apology before purchasing the tampered dessert. Then, he grabbed Oddily’s arm and led her out to his car. He had opened the car door for her, and was about to climb in himself when someone addressed him.
“Excuse me sir,” Maxim stopped and turned around. “Please, Sir, I’m so sorry to bother you again, but I must request that you come back inside with me for a moment.
Maxim hesitated.
“Sir, it won’t take long.” The employee explained the situation and apparently, Oddily had manhandled another cake, and they wanted to be reimbursed.
Maxim leaned into the car. “I’ll return in a minute.”
Oddily waited in the car all the while stuffing her mouth with cake. Her fingers got gooier by the minute, so she opened the glove compartment to find a napkin. Glasses, just like the ones she found in her sweater pocket during history class were resting on the top of papers and other miscellaneous items. She took them out and found them to be a replica of her own.
“This game is getting better all the time,” she giggled.
What’s keeping Maxim? She wondered after a while. She began to reflect on his unhappiness over the cake incident. In fact, his flawlessly handsome face appeared rather pale. Maybe something else happened to cause his change in mood.
Oddily started to brood over the endless possibilities of what bothered him, and sadness in her heart returned upon her conclusion. She was the reason.
“This isn’t fun anymore,” she mumbled to herself, wanting to end the game. Either someone had to enter her bedroom and remove the glasses from her eyes, or she needed to die as she did with the giant dog. At this point, the second choice seemed more feasible.




CHAPTER 13

Maxim returned to the car with another cake. He placed the box in the trunk, and then started to climb into the driver’s seat, but stopped to glance around. 
“Oddily, where are you?” After searching the premises, inside and out, Maxim angrily hopped into his car and took off, burning rubber. If he had been more careful with the security measures guarding his property, this whole fiasco wouldn’t have taken place. “Never again,” he scolded himself. 
Through the windshield, Maxim searched the tree shadowed road and turned the headlights on for a better view. Oddily couldn’t have gone far in such a short time, unless she had found a ride.
Without warning, something small darted out in front of him. With one swift motion, the car skidded and swerved, spinning out of control before he came to a stop. Whatever it was that jumped out, he had barely missed it.
Maxim stared at the empty road until he heard a tap at the side window. After peering into two green eyes resembling a frightened deer, he flung the door open and jumped out. “Are you out of your mind? I could have killed you!”
“I know,” Oddily frowned. “I wanted you to, but you screwed up!”
“I screwed up?” he stared at her while his insides exploded with more rage.
“I didn’t know any other way to end this game,” she complained. “Please don’t be mad at me.”
“You’re lucky no other cars came down the road.” His voice was loud and passionate.
“Several cars did pass by, but I waited for you,” she touched his arm, but he shrugged it off.
“So you wanted me to kill you?!” He glared down at her.
She nodded her head.
“Look…you picked the wrong guy!”
Oddily frowned at him. “I was just trying to make the game end romantically. You know—like the ‘Prince Charming’ thing.”
“What on earth made you think your death would end the game, unless…wait a minute. Have you already experienced a simulated death?”
“Do you mean like a pretend death?”
“Of course, you did.” Maxim didn’t wait for her reply. “That’s how you found out it was a game, didn’t you? You witnessed the ‘Game Over’ sign on the screen after you lost.”
She nodded, her mane of red hair bobbing on her head.
“Oddily,” he grabbed her face between his hands, “I understand, but what happened to make you believe you are in a game right now?”
Oddily had trouble thinking while this handsome guy touched her, but she forced herself to ponder how wonderfully different this experience felt in comparison to her usual dream sprees. This virtual game was more realistic and exciting—an unfamiliar new way for her to dream.
“I won’t tell you.” She crossed her arms over her chest, fearing any shared information would somehow jeopardize her use of the game.
“Why won’t you?” Maxim tried to view her face beneath the wild head of hair.
Oddily answered his question with a question. “Haven’t you ever played make-believe games before?”
Maxim took notice of her closed off body language while picking his words carefully. “Sure I have. The stores are filled with games that create pretend worlds.”
“Please speak to me, Oddily.”
“I’m keeping my mouth shut!” 
Maxim grimaced when she pretended to zip her mouth closed and throw away an imaginary key.
“I’ll admit,” he began warily after releasing her face, “there are more advanced, ‘State-of-the-Art’ games in existence that, unfortunately slip into inexperienced hands. These games are not intentionally created for mainstream entertainment. They are so intricate, they adjust to the tone of the player’s voice. This gives the player the ability to control the game with personal commands such as start, menu, pause, stop, or exit.”
His information seemed to strike a chord with Oddily, because her eyes grew wide with interest, right before she squeezed them shut and mumbled the word, exit. A moment later, her eyes fluttered open and glanced around.
“Your instructions didn’t work. I’m still here!”
Maxim grabbed his head, as though he were going to pull his hair out. He didn’t know what to do, but his decision was becoming more and more evident.  He needed to erase Oddily’s memory again; however, the process would be risky when so much had happened. At this point, he would have to remove the whole experience of himself and the game glasses from her memory, which surprisingly bothered him. Alternatively, he had the option of telling her the truth—which was out of the question. But if he didn’t do something soon, Oddily was going to die, and he would be to blame.
“This is not a game.” Maxim growled in frustration through gritted teeth as if his firmness would snap her back to reality.
“It is too, and I’ll prove it,” she smiled. “Lower your head.”
Maxim did as asked, and she gave him a hard knock on his head with her knuckles.
“Hey,” he dodged her fist as she attempted to hit him again.
Oddily looked surprised by his reaction. “You felt pain?”
“Yes, I felt pain!”
At first, Oddily believed him because he was rubbing his noggin, but then came up with an explanation. “Maybe you’re just programmed to think it hurts so this game will appear more convincing to the player.”
Oddily’s comment gave Maxim an idea—another attempt to get through to her. “You say you can do anything you want and you won’t get hurt, right?”
“Yes, I’m positive.” She remembered her pain free attack from the dog.
“Then, you won’t mind if I try an experiment on you.”
“No, that’s fine with me.”
The way Oddily gazed so innocently into Maxim’s eyes reminded him of a curious child. He hated to wipe that look away, but he had to for her sake. He reached over and pinched her forearm.
“Ow,” she stepped back, grabbing her arm. “You hurt me!”
Maxim regretted his stunt, but grabbed his chance while he could. “Tell me—how was I able to hurt you if you can’t experience physical pain while in a game?”
“I don’t understand,” she frowned, torn between two possibilities. Was it true she wasn’t in a game? Oddily shook her head in disbelief. No, that was impossible. Kip’s truck was toilet papered with no problem; and, she took Starla’s Mini Cooper to the shopping village without being pulled over. What about the fact that she wasn’t arrested outside the department store after leaving with items she hadn’t purchased?
“No, this is a game, Maxim. I’m just not sure how to play it yet.”
Maxim threw up his hands and started to pace back and forth in front of her. At the moment, he needed more time than he had to figure out this whole assorted mess.
“I’ve got it!” He blurted after a new approach finally took formation in his mind. He turned to the bewildered Oddily and asked, “If I am your Prince Charming, then you must be my Princess, right?”
“Oh Maxim—of course I am!” She clapped her delicate hands together and applauded with delight. She started to recite strange lines like a poet, or an actress in a girly fairytale. “I have been looking for you all of my life. I beg you to rescue me from my tortured life and fill my heart with your undying love and devotion. Shower me with all the nice and sweet compliments you can imagine, and I’ll soak in every last drop!”
Maxim cringed, due to her outpour of affection. His heart started to pound in his chest when he realized his ingenious plan was cruel. He had no other word for the insensitive plan, and he didn’t want to go through with it. “Oddily, will you do me a favor?” His voice was kind and sweet—his anger dissipated.
“I’ll do anything you ask of me,” she smiled lovingly up into his face. He looked away embarrassed.
“When I bring you home, will you promise me that you will sneak into your bedroom and stay there without speaking to anyone until I come for you in the morning? We need to talk.”
Maxim was convinced he had to make up a story that at least had some semblance of the truth. He could think of no other way without the risk of fully breaking this odd, naive girl’s spirit.
“But I want to go home with you,” she frowned. “That’s where I belong. You’re supposed to sweep me off of my feet and carry me to your palace. I’m not heavy, honestly I’m not.”
Maxim, confused by her behavior, had to ask, “Do you normally talk this way to guys?”
“No way!” she laughed at the absurd question. “This is just a fantasy—a very unusual game I found, and I’m simply trying to experience a love I’ll probably never know in the real world.”
Oddily gazed up into his stunned face. “I don’t think you realize you’re a character in this game,” she whispered, “and maybe you’re not supposed to know.”
Maxim took her by the arm and led her around the car to the passenger’s side and opened the door. “Get in. I’m taking you home—to your house. Like I said, we’ll talk tomorrow.”
Oddily did as he asked.




CHAPTER 14

Oddily intended to follow through with her promise to sneak into her bedroom, but she had no need. No one came home yet. Her stomach hurt from eating too much cake, so she decided to go to bed early. She flipped on the light to her room, wondering what game allowed players to sleep. If anyone asked her opinion…which no one would, but if they did, she would have told them it was a pointless waste of valuable time.
She hung up her lovely new dress in the closet and placed her new boots on the floor underneath. She became both anxious and excited to show off her new outfit at school in the morning.
“Someday, I’ll have hundreds of pretty shoes to choose from,” she mumbled. “Unless of course, this game ends before that happens.”
After retrieving the glasses from her underwear, she laid them on the bed while slipping into one of her old hand-me-down-dresses. She never cared much for sleeping in pajamas because she needed to be ready for a quick escape in case some unimaginable scoundrel came into her bedroom. When her clothing was changed, she flopped down on her bed, not wanting to waste one more dull moment in her bedroom when she could go on another simulated adventure.
“Hmmm—a game within a game,” she smiled, slipping on the device. After a kaleidoscope of colors, she found herself in the labyrinth again where she knew the evil dog would be coming for her. She honestly didn’t want to deal him again, and wondered if she had any other options. That’s when she remembered Maxim’s comment concerning high-tech games and how they worked.
Menu,” she stated, and kept an eye on the dirt path while it disappeared. In its wake, a list of worlds appeared. Water World—Deserted Island—Haunted Manor—Heaven—Labyrinth—Fun House…but wait!
She ignored the rest of the list because the seventh game choice captured her attention. She wasn’t sure how to activate it, but she at least had to try. She whispered a little prayer before breathing the word, seven. Nothing happened, so she tried again with the ‘Stream of Dreams’ command.
Suddenly, Oddily’s vision became a blur of colors. She was magically transported into another virtual world. She blinked at the new view before her—a vast cavern with its arched roof towering overhead.
“Ahhh!” she sighed in wonderment when she spotted what must be the stream for dreaming. A waterway flowed gently through a narrow canal. It entered the cavern through an arch on one side, exiting through another arch on the far side. The water glowed with a silvery yellow hue; and in its depths, she could make out a bright silver, sparkly substance, she was unable to define.
Without a word, she rushed over to the water’s edge and peered more closely, trying to determine what the sparkles were until a gentle hand touched her shoulder.
“Maxim, you came back for me!” she gasped in surprise. Her excitement dwindled when she noticed his stiff mannerisms.
“My name is Lucas,” he corrected her. His sky blue eyes fixed on the water with an expression which should have been filled with awe at the stream’s beauty; but, his handsome face remained expressionless. In her bewilderment, she impulsively reached down to touch the water all the while thinking about how much Lucas reminded her of Oliver.
“No!” Lucas caught her hand just in time. “Do not touch the water.”
“Why can’t I?” she tucked her hands in her sweater pockets.
“I am programmed to stop you,” he stared at her blankly. “Do not touch the water.”
“I heard you the first time,” she moaned, succumbing to disappointment as she sat down by the waters edge. Was he Maxim and pretending not to be, or was he truly someone named, Lucas? She watched him walk to the back of the cavern, retrieve a tiny silver bell hidden in the cranny of a rock, and ring it.
A clear, ear shattering chime rang out causing no response at all from Lucas, but it sure did with Oddily. She was so caught off guard by the horrendous chiming sound, she almost danced to her feet not knowing which way to go. She ended up running in a small circle resembling a puppy chasing its tail.
Suddenly, a silver dinghy emerged inside the cavern without any obvious means of propulsion. The rubber raft drifted down the stream until it reached where she stood, and stopped. Did the bell summon the raft?
Oddily was immediately drawn to the dinghy and climbed aboard. Lucas followed suit, hopping in after her. The raft barely held the two of them while they sank into soft cushions, and then the dinghy moved forward.
“How many points do you have?” He asked from over his shoulder.
“I don’t know.” She whispered back.
A faint light reflected off the silvery yellow water as the two traveled through tunnels where the ceiling barely cleared her deadbeat partner’s head. She marveled at the walls full of an unknown shimmering substance clinging to them.
“What do you think that stuff is,” she asked, after a long silence.
Lucas ducked his head a bit to pass under a low point in the ceiling. “It resembles the substance floating in the water, only shinier.”
Oddily gazed over the side of the dinghy into the shimmering water and viewed the silver flakes floating by. It reminded her of a snow globe that had been shaken. Porcelain white fish swam about and silver starfish were scattered along the bottom. It was a wonderland like no other she had ever seen before and she wanted to dangle her hand in it.
Despite Lucas’s warning, she lowered her arm over the side and let her fingers skim the surface of the water. To her surprise, it was warm to the touch.
As they progressed down the stream at a slow but steady pace, Oddily started to experience a tingling sensation. For some reason, she knew it came from the water. The warm, prickly feeling crept up her arm, inch by inch, until the unusual sensation covered her whole body; and then, very slowly, it faded away until the feeling was entirely gone. She realized she had unintentionally slipped into one of her dream sprees during this soothing experience.
“How peculiar,” she thought after pulling her fingers out of the water to allow her head to clear.
As the two continued to drift down the stream, Oddily became cramped in the back of the dinghy, and tried to move her legs into a more comfortable position.
“What are you doing behind me?” Lucas asked. 
Oddily knew her knees pressed against his back, and she was embarrassed. “I’m so sorry,” she fretted, wiggling around like a worm. “Call me crazy, but I think this dinghy is shrinking!”
“The stranger gave a brief distorted, artificial laugh, as if he knew something she didn’t. He leaned forward to give her more leg room, but her knees still jabbed him from behind.
“I’m serious, Lucas!” A hint of concern touched her voice. “I think this dinghy has a leak because it’s shrinking.”
Lucas examined the dinghy. “What you say does not compute. The raft is functional.”
Oddily shook her head in dismay, frustrated with the whole matter. She wanted to climb out of the boat and get away from this virtual Maxim look-a-like with a faded personality, but no dry land appeared for her to step upon. Finally, with a sigh of acceptance, she waited for the unknown to show its face.
The dinghy floated along for nearly three more miles before it emerged from the tunnel waterways and came to rest against the shore of a beautiful beach. The sun shined down through the clear blue skies and the sunlight sparkled off the sand in small diamond shaped clusters of light.
Oddily breathed in the fresh and invigorating air. The clean atmosphere worked as a magical balm exhilarating her while taking in the view. Lucas stepped out of the boat first, and she wondered where the game would lead them next.
Lucas turned to give her a helping hand, but drew back with a distorted expression. To her surprise, this young man’s face seemed to freeze up on him, as though he needed to realign his facial features. Finally, a fairly realistic look of concern took over. 
“Where’s the redhead?” He asked, raising his mechanical voice an octave.
Oddily gazed up at him with her demure, questioning way, not yet realizing she had turned into a beautiful stranger sitting in the dinghy with a cute perplexed glimmer in her eyes.
“What happened to the other girl?” he asked again in a higher range of sound when she didn’t respond.
“Stop it. You’re sounding crazy Lucas, or whoever you are. And stop looking at me like that. You’re causing me to feel uncomfortable!”
“Your voice—you sound the same as the redhead.” Lucas tried to appear as though he were stunned by the sound of her voice, but he still wasn’t convincing.
Oddily blinked hard in bewilderment. She had no way of knowing that Lucas, this poor imitation of a human, stared at a girl with long golden blonde hair instead of her redheaded self. She didn’t understand that the soft baby blue eyes staring up at him like a young kitten were her new eyes. She also would never be able to fathom the idea that his watching her climb out of the boat, would take his breath away when he had no real lungs to breathe.
Oddily’s first clue that something had happened to her was her height standing next to Lucas. She was much taller than usual and let out a stifled sound after she glanced down at herself. She stared at her long legs and arms, turning them this way and that, as if seeing herself for the first time.
“What has happened to me?  Have I grown a whole foot taller?”
“Your height is not all that has changed.” Lucas bobbed his head while staring at her. “You have transformed into someone else.”
Oddily’s hands flew to her face and touched her new features with the tips of her fingers. Her nose felt thinner, and her lips fuller, like how she pictured herself in the dream spree she was just on while floating down the stream.
“Wait a minute,” she grabbed a strand of hair and brought the piece forward to see the color.
“I’m a blonde!” she gasped,” Just like in my dream spree. How can this be?”
Lucas pointed to her fingers on one of her hands still showing the silvery substance from the water clinging to them. “You touched it after you agreed you wouldn’t?”
Oddily frowned. “I’m sorry.  The stream was so beautiful I couldn’t help myself.” Then her soft baby blue eyes grew wide as if pleasantly surprised. “Do you think my looks were changed by touching the strange substance?”
He shrugged his shoulders. “That is what the stream does. Your dreams are fulfilled.”
“The silver substance brought my dream spree to life!” she said joyfully, and then paused, concern touching her eyes. “Do you think I look all right?”
“I think you look beautiful.”
Oddily’s head nearly swooned with delight at his words. To be referred to as beautiful felt truly remarkable and her new and improved appearance suddenly made everything seem possible—every wonderful dream attainable. She continued to be lost in her dreams, her thoughts far away on some fair dreamland of her mind when the game was yanked from her lovely eyes. 
* * * * * *
Moments before Oddily had awakened, Maxim stood over her while she rested on the bed—lost deep in a simulated kid’s game. Finding her using the glasses was what he had hoped for and her bedroom light left on made the setting perfect. It became evident how she got the device away from him. He found traces of chocolate all over his paperwork in the glove compartment of his car. Where she had them hidden until she got home remained a mystery.
He glanced around the room and put his plan into motion. It seemed as though he was creating the reenactment of a crime scene, and in a way, it was true. He planned to make her bedroom appear as it did the first time he took the glasses from her. He was certain this would end the crazy adventure he became a part of, and this distraction had to end.
Maxim walked over to the closet and took her new dress and boots and replaced them with her old boots she had left behind at the department store. He felt like a jerk for taking the new items from her when she had so little, but there was no other way. Never in his practical mind did he imagine himself in a bizarre situation like this. Here he was—Maxim, with no last name, intruding, uninvited into a strange girl’s bedroom like a thief to take back something that belonged to him. The whole experience was so surreal!
After he arranged the boots as neatly as she had her new ones, he proceeded to replace the glasses with a pair that appeared exactly the same only they had no inner electronics. If anyone were to examine them, the conclusion would be that the device belonged to a kid who loved anything to do with Science fiction.
Maxim was just about to make a quick switch when he heard the front door open. Angry voices entered the house, badgering back and forth over someone’s car, and a high, whiny voice protested angrily.
“How else did the car get in the gully, Starla?” a deep voice shouted.
“Dad, I’ve been trying to tell you, someone stole my car! Why won’t you believe me?"
Maxim listened through the closed door and realized that the car Oddily drove belonged to her foster sister. He also heard the sound of footsteps coming his way. In one reckless motion, he tossed the fake glasses, missing Oddily’s bed, grabbed the real ones from her eyes, and narrowly escaped out the window.
Oddily’s eyes fluttered open just before someone knocked on her door. “Oddily, will you come out here, please?” Starla’s mom, Mrs. Maples, sounded upset.
“Give me a minute!” Oddily sat up and frantically searched for her glasses and found them on the floor by her bed. She snatched them up and hid them under her pillow. She wanted desperately to get back to her new look and continue that incredible game, but it would have to wait.




CHAPTER 15

The next morning, Oddily became lost in her thoughts while dragging herself to school. There were too many things to ponder over in her confused mind. Starla’s Mini Cooper had been found in the gully across the street from the shopping village. The police got involved, and the furious Mr. and Mrs. Maples were blaming Starla for the accident, believing she was trying to fib her way out of trouble.
Oddily knew she took Starla’s car in the game, but that wasn’t for real. Who would do such a thing in real life and yet, why had the car been found in the same place as in the game? Oddily remembered how she was questioned by Starla’s parents in the living room the night before, asking if she had seen anything out of the ordinary around their daughter’s car that day and her response was an honest, no.
Then, there were the glasses. The wonderful, magical new treasure she had found. When she went back to her room, she tried to return to the ‘Stream of Dreams’ game, but the glasses didn’t work; most likely broken when they fell to the floor. She could still feel her heart ache with disappointment.
She also mused over the loss of her new dress and boots even though the clothes were never truly hers. If she had remained in the game, she would have been wearing her new outfit, and Maxim would be driving her home to his castle. She thought about the dashing Prince Charming, with his flawlessly handsome face and wondered curiously at his uncanny resemblance to the guy who helped her out of the dumpster the day before. That meant that somewhere, wherever that was, this guy was real, at least appearance wise. Darn it! She should have let him give her a lift home when offered. Then something dawned on her. Both guys had the same name…Maxim.
Oddily reached Forest Ridge High and was walking through the campus when she stopped, her bottom lip beginning to quiver. A page torn from her personal journal was posted on the flag pole. She hurried over and tore it off, crumbling it up into a ball while she looked around for more. She quickened her steps towards the girl’s bathroom and spotted three students reading another posting from her journal on the bulletin board. She marched over and snatched them off as well, right in front of them.
Oddily became frantic, incoherence engulfing her mind. There were more postings scattered throughout the entire campus, and Oddily had taken down as many as possible before the bell rang. She waited for students to head for their classes while large tears stained the front of her dress. When there were only a few stragglers left on campus, she continued her search for more pages of her journal.
“Are you looking for these?” The voice came from Jack, the kindly old janitor who was holding a pile in his hand.
Oddily nodded her head.
“Here yah go, Missy,” He handed her the small pile he had already taken down, and she was grateful for his help. “Havin’ a bit of a rough start this mornin’?”
She nodded her head again in agreement.
“Well…yah better get off to class now. The tardy bell sounded five minutes ago.”
Oddily hurried away but didn’t go to class just yet. There was something she needed to do first. She ducked into the girl’s bathroom and opened her backpack. Her journal was still there, except for a bunch of missing spaces where the torn entries once were. Oddily still had some blank pages left to fill, so she tore them out and started to write feverishly. When she finished, she hurried around the campus and re-posted the revised version of her entries and headed for her first class.
It didn’t take long for the excitement to begin. When students headed for their second class, they became distracted, lingering in front of the entries with muffled laughs directed towards Kip and Starla.
Oddily strained to hear their comments while she stayed several arm lengths away, and doubled over in a fit of uncontrolled laughter and delight when she heard their response. She held onto her stomach as she continued to eavesdrop.
“Listen to this one! It’s two in the morning, and Starla is snoring so loud, I can’t sleep. Maybe she should become a lumberjack with that sawing noise she makes. I overheard her mom say she has a deviated septum, whatever that means.” The students laughed with one another.
“Hey guys, check out this one!” A boy stood in front of another entry and read it out loud. “I’m sick of overhearing Starla complain about Kip’s bad breath and what a horrible kisser he is. I wish she would buy him some mouth wash and use it herself.”
There was an eruption of jokes and teasing comments spreading around campus as Oddily headed for her next class. Her stomach hurt from all the laughter—laughter she had never experienced in her whole young life. This would teach Starla not to mess with her journal. In fact, she wasn’t going to keep one anymore. She became tired of worrying over whose hands it may fall into because as careful as she was, her worst nightmare had come true. No—she was going to destroy the remaining entries and mourn its loss, as though she had lost her best friend.
Oddily entered the classroom, heading down the aisle between school desks and didn’t see Kip stretch out his foot until it was too late. She uttered a cry when she tripped over his outstretched shoe. She fell down, landing hard on her hands and knees while Kip snorted. In her haste to get up and go to her desk, she accidentally brushed against Kip’s desk.
“Sorry,” she mumbled, reaching out to save his books from sliding to the floor.
“You little Troll,” he croaked. “Keep your grubby hands off of my stuff!”
“Is Oddily your new girlfriend? One of Kip’s friends piped up and teased. “Maybe she can teach you how to kiss.”
Kip abruptly jumped to his feet and glared at his friend. “Shut up!” he growled. “I wouldn’t touch that stupid freak if she were the last girl on earth.”
Ms. Kline entered the classroom and overheard the last comment. She was an easygoing teacher but never allowed outright rudeness. “That is enough, Kip. Sit down! You will not speak like that in my classroom ever again, do you understand?”
Flushed with embarrassment, Oddily went to her seat and sat down. She opened her notebook and turned to her homework while Kip sat back down to glare at the chalkboard.
While Oddily reflected over the morning’s events instead of paying attention to the teacher, a student entered the room with a note for the teacher.
“Oddily, will you come up here please—and bring your things with you.”
There were low murmurs throughout the class while students watched her gather up her things and go to the front of the class. The teacher handed her a message from the Principal’s office.
“Is this where I’m supposed to go?” She whispered.
“Yes dear.”
Oddily waited at the admittance counter in the administration’s office. One of the school clerks looked up from her paperwork and asked, “May I help you?”
“Yes, I’m here to see Mr. Dumb Ass.”
The clerk gasped, and then sneered in disgust, “His name is Mr. Dumas!”
Oddily was mortified that she slipped and called the Principal the notorious ‘Dumb Ass’ name out loud and bit her tongue in punishment while the clerk directed her into the Principal’s office. Oddily sat down in the chair across from the intimidating man and waited while he finished a call.
“Do you know why you are here, Oddily?” He hung up the phone.
“No sir.”
“Do you know who Kip Bellini is?”
“Yes sir.”
“Is there a problem between you two that I should be aware of?”
Oddily wanted to say yes, yes, a thousand times, yes! “No sir.”
The Principal observed Oddily shrink in her chair. “Are you aware of the vandalism done to his truck?”
Oddily’s head perked up in surprise.
“A witness said they saw you with rolls of toilet paper by his truck around the time it happened. Is that true?”
“Well—yes sir, but not really.” The Principal appeared to be confused by her answer, so she quickly tried to explain the best she could. “I must admit I did teepee his truck and have done it many times, but only in my head…not for real! I guess that makes me a horrible person when I think about it, don’t you think? What a stupid thing to do, unless of course, I want to die a tortuous death at the hands of Kip.”
The principal took a deep breath after Oddily’s breathless story and asked, “So you’re telling me you didn’t do it?”
“Yes sir—except for in my head.”
Mr. Dumas squinted as if he might clear his mind from her nonsensical talk. “That will be all for now, Oddily. You’re excused.”




CHAPTER 16

After school, Starla and her friend Kendall barged into Oddily’s bedroom unannounced.
Oddily jumped. “What do you want?” She stared at the overly accessorized intruders. If she had her way, the two would drop to the floor and die from an acute case of cuteness.
“You don’t appear to be overjoyed by my presence.” Starla’s rosy lips curled up in a not so pretty smile. Oddily ignored her comment and reflected rather absently on Starla’s ugly, oversized ring. She thought the pink stone looked like a wad of bubblegum stuck on top of the band.
“I think you already know that you have messed with the wrong girl.” Starla scowled. Her threat seemed to vibrate in the atmosphere well after the warning.
Oddily wished Starla would stop making scary innuendos and just get it over with, so they would leave.
“You’re such a little freak!” Oddily’s silence seemed to anger Starla more than ever.
Oddily shrugged her shoulders, acknowledging the meanness towards her. She even feared it, but she had no way to appease this beautiful girl with an ugly soul. She knew Starla was upset over the revised entries from her journal, and that made her smile. Her foster sister deserved to know the same humiliation she went through even if that meant the wrath of God would be upon her.
A knock at the front door came unexpectedly. Kendall ran from the room, and down the hall. Oddily listened, but all she overheard was excited whispering. It wasn’t until Kendall returned that she knew the identity of their quest. Kip stepped into her bedroom after Kendall, and stood right in front of Oddily as the two girls found their place on either side of her bed. Kip was livid with anger and yet, he smiled down at her with his eyes only. Oddily found the smile to be more threatening than if he had scowled.
“Messed with any trucks recently?” His tone sounded satanic.
Oddily shook her head and became filled with terror when he pulled out a switchblade from his back pocket. She tried to scoot away, but it was too late.
* * * * * *
Later that night, Oddily sat on a chair in the living room, hiding herself under a large floppy hat while the Maple’s gasped and wheezed while they listened to Starla’s story. They were horrified that Oddily would do such a cruel thing to their precious child. Starla showed them a hand full of revised entries that Oddily re-posted, and they acted appalled when their daughter read some of them out loud. She failed to mention that what she read were replacements for her own mean and hateful ones.
Oddily peeked out from under the rim of her hat and gazed nervously at Starla’s parents. Mrs. Maple’s eyebrows were so knotted together they practically met above her nose. Whatever she thought couldn’t be good news.
“What are we going to do about this?” she whispered to her husband. “How can we keep Starla happy with this hateful girl living here? How could we have been so stupid to bring someone like this into our home? This little oddball is trying to give our child a tarnished reputation. The election is over with, and you won your spot on the city council, so we have no reason to keep her around.”
Oddily started to shake when she overheard the conversation. She was used as part of a campaign strategy! They wanted to impress potential supporters for their votes in an election. She tried to pull herself together while they continued to talk as if she weren’t in the room.
“I hate her, mom! If I have to see her ugly face one more time, I’m running away from home!”
Oddily drew in a breath so sharply Starla gave her a cold stare. “Stop breathing, you little creep!”
Oddily tried to hold her breath. She realized they were going to send her back into the foster care system. Although she didn’t want to go back, she could no longer stay. One way or another, it didn’t matter because she only had a handful of days left before her eighteenth birthday. That meant she had outgrown both this family and the foster system. What a horrifying realization, but so was staying there for even one more day.
Mr. Maple cleared his throat and announced, “We will send Oddily back tomorrow.”
“Excuse me,” Oddily jumped to her feet.
“You’re such an ugly toad!”
Oddily didn’t miss Starla’s last insult before she ran from the room. She reached her bedroom, and stood near the window for the longest time uncontrollably shaking. She needed to take her life into her own hands, but how? Where would she go? How would she eat and where would she sleep? She had no other options. She would have to fumble through and hope for the best. The moon looked at her through the curtains, but she found the remote, cold light in the sky to be of no comfort.
Oddily rushed to the closet, slipped on her sweater and boots, and removed her clothes from the hangers. She folded them neatly into her backpack, positioning the broken glasses between two of her dresses. She placed her toiletries into a side flap, and then tucked Teddy, her well loved pink bear, under her arm.  The stuffed animal was the only thing found with her at the site of the accident where she was first discovered so many years ago. She looked around, and nothing that remained in the room belonged to her. After one final glance, she grabbed her backpack and snuck out the back door into the night.
After gulping down her fear, Oddily set her face towards Forest Ridge High. School was the only sensible place to go, so she headed for the campus, fighting her fear gallantly. The moon lit up the road, but the moonlight allowed her to see things, and nothing looked familiar. Once, when she was out at night with Starla’s mom, she thought she had never seen anything as pretty as a moonlit road crossed by tree shadows. Now, Oddily felt frightened by the dark, sharp angles of the trees. They were no longer friendly, appearing to be watching her. Even the meadows had put on a cloak of strangeness.
Just then, two eyes blazed out at her from the ditch up ahead, and an animal of unimaginable size ran across the road. What was that? Oddily couldn’t let herself think about animals or the strange sounds and nameless other things prowling in the woods. She kept her attention on the cold of the night, shivering in her thin dress and sweater, and wondered what life would be like not to be afraid of anything.
At one point, she tripped and fell on a stone, skinning her already wounded knee from a previous accident she couldn’t remember.  In another moment, a truck came along, so she hid behind a tree until it passed believing Kip was on the prowl for her.
Oddily moved on after the car passed, then stopped in sheer terror of something dark and furry looming at the side of the road. She couldn’t pass it! She didn’t want to, but she did. Was the creature a large black dog, or was it something else? Either way, she dared not run in case it chased her. She felt moist with sweat while she stole a desperate glance over her shoulder and was relieved to see it move away in the opposite direction.
A star fell in the sky, but she didn’t make a wish this time. She had become too overwhelmed with worries, fretting that her legs would give out before she reached the school. Thankfully, the idea of being stranded in this nightmare forced her to continue. She became so cold she almost ceased to be afraid. Would she never get there? She figured hours and hours had gone by since she had left the house. In truth, only forty-five long minutes had passed when she spotted the school campus, and sobbed in relief.




CHAPTER 17

For five days, Maxim refused to let himself think of Oddily. He spent Saturday evening with his sister, Nexa. He reserved Sunday for tightening up security around the estate grounds. Monday, he hung out in the control room all day experimenting with Artificial Intelligence. He set Tuesday aside to revise and update several virtual holographic projections. Wednesday he drove to town and picked up repair parts for his miniature robot, Waffle. Today, he stayed on the grounds and did nothing at all.
Maxim found it impossible to ignore the connection he felt with Oddily. The harder he tried to forget, the more keenly and insistently he remembered. The mystery of the girl’s pathetic life both haunted and intrigued him.
In truth, the problem could have been easily solved by going to the school and asking around about her. Then he would have the assurance that her behavior was back to normal after their short-lived adventure. Despite this, he wouldn’t allow himself the luxury. It would be impossible to question anyone without having his inquiry overflow into a stream of gossip.  He had to find another way.
“Nero, when are you coming home?” he threw his head back and shouted to his father as if he could hear him.
What’s wrong with you, Maxim? His sister’s voice echoed in his mind.
I need to talk with someone from my own gender.
Then go and speak with father’s Avatar!
Maxim frowned. Having a virtual father to consult with wasn’t the same as his real one, and his sister didn’t seem to need either one for advice. Nexa was headstrong, acquiring more of Nero’s advanced DNA than he did, and he marveled at her strong constitution. He, however, showed more primitive emotions like their mom, except the feelings going through him at the moment were relatively unfamiliar, and he became uneasy.
Leave me alone, sis, I’ll be fine.
I can tell you’re troubled, so allow me to help you.
No thanks! I’d rather go to the Avatar.
Taking off towards the virtual reality chamber, Maxim thought of Nero—his ‘Time Traveling’ father. He had come from the future, his advanced evolution being where all mankind was eventually headed. While the extraordinary man visited this timeline to collect data for his research, he became enamored by a young woman. She was a delicate, pale, blue eyed blonde, and he fell in love with her.
In the future, where Nero’s from, blonde hair and blue eyes became obsolete due to inner breeding between different races. Over time, all eyes evolved into various shades of brown, and hair on the human body became nonexistent. 
Nero referred to his beloved mate as a primitive female from the ancient world and impregnated her. As a result, he and his sister’s births were not without hardship. Complications occurred during the delivery and their mother, despite all the advanced technology their father had to offer, couldn’t save her.
Because of their parent’s unlikely union, he and his twin sister came into this world already genetically advanced with the gift of a sixth sense making them outcasts to the world around them. Nero took on the responsibility to home school them with his own ideas of a school curriculum. His attention during this learning process kept them so busy they barely questioned the lack of motherly love.
Growing up, Nero kept his children isolated from the towns prying eyes, so they could spend their lives in relative peace. Their father feared for their safety, as well. If the world’s top scientists knew of their existence, they would undoubtedly be captured and reduced to mere lab rats in an attempt to discover their true nature.
Angry, Maxim tramped through the woods. He and his sister had just turned fourteen when Nero reluctantly declared he was leaving to check on some ‘Top Secret Project.’ He had left his stunned children to fend for themselves, promising to return as soon as possible. It had been five long years since that day and he still hadn’t returned. During his father’s absence, Maxim wanted to rebel—to throw caution to the wind. Now nineteen, he had become a young man, not the fourteen year old kid his father left behind.
Maxim abruptly changed course, bypassing the virtual chamber. “Damn you, father!” He shouted at the treetops. “I’m taking matters into my own hands!”
* * * * * *
Friday morning, Maxim sat in his car alongside the parking lot where Oddily attended school. He wanted a glimpse of her just to appease his mind, and the keenness of his disappointment surprised him when she didn’t show. What nonsense to be so worked up over a girl he had been with for such a brief time? After the students had gone, he decided to check the road to see whether she was a straggler late for class. With no sign of Oddily, he headed for her house. The driveway was empty, so he went to the side of the quiet house and peered into her window. Oddily’s bedroom was vacant.
“What’s going on here?” Maxim’s brilliant mind wouldn’t work for him. Then a sick sensation washed over him. He wondered if her delicate, fanciful mind continued to be unable to grasp reality from the game, and if so, had they sent her back to the orphanage?
After returning to the road, Maxim felt foolish for letting his imagination run away with him. He drove home and plunged into replacing malfunctioning parts in the leg of Tinley. Tinley was the humanoid who found the unconscious Oddily when she had fallen on his property and carried her back to the Stafford Manor garage—one of his many workrooms.
It wasn’t until lunchtime that Maxim could no longer stand the suspense of not knowing what happened to her. He went back to the school campus and waited in the bushes near the window of the gymnasium where Oddily had gym class. He peered inside, and when she wasn’t in class he resigned himself to do the one thing he didn’t want to do, and that was to go ahead and inquire about her. He remembered the blue Mini Cooper that belonged to Oddily’s foster sister and grudgingly decided to wait by the girl’s car until school was over.
Maxim started to sprint across the campus when he spotted a troubled looking school custodian walking away from the cafeteria with a mound of food on his tray, and Maxim caught up with him. The kindly janitor stopped, recognizing the tall sweatshirt clad kid who had helped Oddily out of the dumpster.
“My name is Maxim. Do you remember me?” He asked with a tense smile.
“Yep, I recognize the sweatshirt. I’m Jack. What can I do for yah?”
“I’m searching for someone, and I need your help.”
“Who are yah lookin’ for?”
“Her name is Oddily. Do you remember the small girl with medium length, golden, red hair and a crooked smile?”
“I know who yah mean.” His lined face became serious. “What do yah want with her?”
Unprepared for the old man’s questions, Maxim, uneasy said, “She’s a friend of mind. Have you seen her around?”
“Nope, sorry I can’t help yah.” When Jack started to walk away, Maxim begged, “Please, sir—I’m worried about her!”
Jack stopped and turned to stare into his pleading eyes. At that moment, Maxim didn’t care whether the old man got a decent look at him or not.
“Well, I’ll be. Yah care about her, don’t yah?!” his eyes sparkled with renewed hope. “Nice to know there’s decent folk around here. Are yah from around this neck of the woods, boy?”
Maxim casually replied, “I live in a rural part of town.” He hoped the custodian would accept his response, and fortunately, he did. If only the old man knew the truth about him—he would be shocked. The discovery would, in due course, have him and his sister poked and prodded for the purpose of scientific discovery; but, at the same time, unleashing family secrets.
The janitor hurried over to him and in a hushed voice whispered, “Yah say you’re a friend?”
“Yes. Do you have any idea where I can find her?”
Jack nodded his head in the direction of the custodian’s office.
“She’s in there?” Maxim’s heart raced and he excused himself from the old man.
“Wait a minute, there’s somethin’ yah gotta know before yah find her.”
Maxim stopped and listened.
“Gol’ durn, this burns me up!  Bunch of hoodlums…” the old man trailed off in a grumble.
“What are you talking about?” Maxim’s eyes darkened.
“Some spiteful kids scalped Oddily, that’s what I’m talkin’ bout!”
“What do you mean, they scalped her?”
“They cut off her hair!”
“She’s bald?!” his voiced became louder, but the janitor hushed him.
“Darn near it—poor thing. She’d been mindin’ her own business when those…”
Not waiting for Jack to finish, Maxim ran for the office.
“Yah might as well take this tray of food with yah," Jack called after him. “She has a mighty appetite, that one. Don’t reckon I know how she packs it away with her pint sized innards.”
With no ears to hear, Maxim opened the door to where Oddily hid. When he entered, Oddily was in the office wearing a large floppy hat. He stood motionless, watching her straightening up the janitor’s equipment and she didn’t look up until he cleared his throat.
Oddily gasped, “Maxim!” In her excitement, she ran into his arms and gave him a hug; but then reality set in, and she became deeply embarrassed. For a brief moment, she had thought of him as her Prince from the virtual game coming back for her. How stupid and idiotic he must consider her to be! And, this poor guy who helped her out of the dumpster had to endure a hug from her.
“I’m so sorry,” she backed away with her head lowered in shame. “I thought you were someone else.”
Maxim wanted to take her hat off right then and there, to find out what the janitor meant, but hesitated. “You may hug me any time.”
When she said nothing in response, Maxim took his finger and placed it under Oddily’s chin lifting her face up to his. The rim of her hat was so floppy all he saw was the bottom of her nose and mouth. He removed her hat, and was saddened by what he saw. Her hair had been chopped into several different lengths. In some places, no more than one inch long and in others, three or four inches at the most.
However, her hair wasn’t what shocked him. It was her heart shaped face with peaches and cream complexion, her unusual hazel eyes full of such depth and sorrow, her imperfect nose with a handful of freckles across its bridge and of course, those pouting lips he had already discovered. She wasn’t aesthetically beautiful, but rather appeared as a cute, misplaced pixie.
Tears filled Oddily’s eyes, and Maxim couldn’t help himself. He reached for her and drew her to him for another hug. His heart tightened in his chest when she returned his embrace, holding on to him as if she never wanted to let him go. It was both strange and pleasant to have her arms wrapped around him. Even her scent appealed to his senses. In that moment, he realized that somehow this unlikely girl had touched him.
“I want you to come with me,” he took hold of her arms and gently pried her away from him.
Oddily released him and looked up, surprised or suspicious—maybe both. “Please don’t make fun of me,” she whispered.
“Make fun of you?” he uttered. “Never, unless having your hair professionally reshaped would be considered cruel.” Maxim gently placed Oddily’s hat back on her head, and the rim came down over her eyes.
Oddily pushed it up a bit to see again. “Why would you do that for me?”
“You’re in hiding, aren’t you?”
“Of course, I am!” She made a silly face. “I would hate to have anyone see me like this.”
“Then let me help you.”
“What if Mr. Jack thinks I left, and I’m locked out of his office?”
“Jack knows you’re with me,” he said, taking her by the hand and guiding her out the door. Oddily quickened her steps to keep up with his long strides, and glanced up at his tall frame feeling smaller than usual. She became preoccupied with the warm touch of his palm against hers. She noticed the sleeve of his sweatshirt pushed up to his elbow, and stared at the smoothness of his skin. He had no hair on his arm.
The campus was fairly empty when they reached his car, a luxurious black BMW convertible with plush tan interior. For a moment, Oddily recalled the car Maxim drove in the virtual reality world. He also had a BMW, except in a different style and color. This was another confirmation that she was no longer in the game.
* * * * * *
Staring out of the classroom window from her seat, Starla saw the two of them leaving. Was she seeing things? Who was that handsome hunk, and why did he hold Oddily’s hand? Was he her boyfriend? That was a ridiculous thought. So who was he? She intended to find out. It would be harder to talk with Oddily now that she’d moved out, but then again, Starla always got what she wanted, and asking about this good-looking cutie would be no different.
Starla felt quite smug until…wait a minute! Why wasn’t Oddily in class? The more Starla pondered over Oddily and her new friend, the more agitated she became.




CHAPTER 18

Oddily sat on a stack of books, so the stylist could cut her hair. She trimmed all the extra length until cute wispy curls framed her face. The stylist had managed to make Oddily appear girly and feminine.
After gazing at her reflection in the mirror, Oddily somewhat doubted her identity. Without her faded golden-red locks, her hair was a darker much richer shade of red and looked healthy. Her virgin curls, untouched by the sun, caused her large eyes to be brighter and more emerald green than hazel.
How could she possibly expose her features to the other students in school tomorrow? Her ugly face would be subject to criticism without her mane of hair to hide under. Oddily sighed heavily at this dilemma. She wished Principal Dumas would make an exception in her case and let her wear a hat into the classrooms, but she knew he wouldn’t.
Still wearing her hat, Oddily returned to the waiting area, while Maxim lowered a magazine to gaze at her in wonder.
“Was her hair cut?” His asked the girl at the front desk.
“Yes, it was, but I don’t think she’s very happy.”
Maxim paid the bill and hurried outside, pulling Oddily along with him. The chemical smells of the salon got to him, and the flirting hairdressers became annoying.
When they got to his car, Maxim turned her around to face him, and removed her hat. He had no idea what to expect; but after seeing the new Oddily, he smiled, “You look pretty—I like it!”
“No hairdo is going to make me pretty,” Oddily shook her head in despair, staring at his feet. “Ugliness will always be my dilemma.”
Ugly was a word rarely, if ever, used by Maxim or any of his family members. He was appalled that Oddily would say such a thing and was about to make a joke of it until a glimpse of her half averted face sobered him. Her expression was serious.
“Oddily,” his tone sounded sympathetic, “do you honestly think you’re ugly?”
She nodded without looking at him, “Oh yes, I’m sure of it. I have known it for awhile because Starla pointed out all of my flaws.”
Maxim asked, “Who’s Starla?”
“She’s my foster sister.” 
Maxim’s lips twitched when he remembered the whiny voice of the girl arguing with her parent’s over her stolen car. He had been listening from Oddily’s bedroom just before he switched the glasses.
In spite of his pity for the real suffering displayed in her eyes, Maxim couldn’t help but be amused over this unusual girl’s belief in her ugliness.
“I don’t think you’re ugly.”
“Oh, but I’m sure you must,” she protested. “Please—lets drop the subject. It makes me feel sorry for myself and spoils everything.”
“Your right.” Maxim realized it would take more than a few words to change her mind. “I won’t mention your appearance again. Besides, looks aren’t everything.”
“Maxim, you can’t fool me,” she said naively. “I saw the pity in your eyes, and I know that means you’re feeling sorry for me. What other reason would there be for your kindness?”
“Suppose I like you.” Maxim said with a tender note in his voice that he couldn’t hide.
Oddily ignored him and said, “May I please have my hat back?”
Maxim reluctantly handed it over, and for good reason, she shoved it back on her head.
Before they headed back to the school campus, Maxim did something out of the ordinary hoping it would put a smile on Oddily’s hidden face. He surprised her by lowering the top on his black convertible, and her smile rewarded him as they drove down the road. Such elementary things seemed to bring her so much pleasure.
Out of the corner of his eye, Maxim watched when Oddily lifted her face to the wind, breathing in deeply. She sat tall in the seat and spread her slender arms towards the sky, laughing with exquisite delight. Her bit of fun had the delicious quality of a happy child at play, the way it suddenly and unexpectedly bubbled up. Maxim laughed too. She behaved as though she were alone in some dreamy world in her mind. She didn’t even seem to notice when her floppy hat blew off her head.
He drove down the scenic road of woodlands and meadows, remaining quiet as he allowed Oddily to revel in her imaginings. He found himself desiring to go to the magical place with her to view her dreams for himself. He wished his mental abilities were keenly developed like his sister’s with her talent to see into the thoughts of others. His capacity to do the same was severely restricted to just a few souls, and Oddily wasn’t one of them. He, on the other hand, had the extraordinary ability to erase fragments of memory from anyone he chose.
What if he convinced his sister to go into Oddily’s mind and share the girl’s fantasies with him? And what if he designed a special pair of glasses just for this dreamy creature and transported those dreams to virtual life? He remembered one of her fantasies. She wanted to be swept away by ‘Prince Charming’ and live happily ever after. He had the technology to make it happen. After all, he did the same thing for his sister when they were young. This game, however, would be far more complex now that he was an adult.
No, the thought was a terrible idea! He would never risk exposing himself, his family, or the advanced technology. His game device was too dangerous in the hands of mankind with their current knowledge.
When Maxim pulled up to Forest Ridge High, the parking lot was filled. Clearly an after school activity was in progress because in the distance, faint music came from the direction of the gymnasium. Oddily also listened to the sound drifting magically through the air beckoning them to come.
“What’s the event?”
“I’m not sure!” Oddily shrugged.
Whatever the occasion, Maxim took note of this opportunity to help Oddily. A school event was just the thing she needed to break the ice with her peers—to help introduce her new look. There was a problem though. He had to distance himself from the curious, questioning minds that would eventually want to know about him and where he came from.  The danger was inevitable, unless he could lie about who he was, and act like any typical teenager without using his powers.
Suddenly, he became exhilarated. Up until then, he lived his whole life in seclusion, knowing the risks of being in the public’s eye. But now, beyond his understanding, he had to become somewhat visible for Oddily.
Maxim parked his car, slipped on his sunglasses and said, “Let’s find out what’s going on.”
When they arrived at the doorway of the gym, Oddily’s eyes were soft and searching while she viewed the scene before her. 
“Oh, I remember now! This is the Vice-Versa dance where girls ask the boys.” How could she have forgotten? This was what Starla constantly talked about with her friends; what boys to invite, who would show up with whom, and where they’d shop for their new dresses.
Oddily’s thoughts returned to her surroundings and took in the decorations set up by the dance committee. They were doing a nice job with pink and yellow streamers, bundles of multicolored balloons, twinkle lights wrapped around poles, and a variety of flowers cut out of craft paper tacked to the walls. Two long lunch tables were ready for unimaginable delicacies. Hopefully the menu included chocolate cake, and Oddily hoped Mr. Jack would save her a piece.
A student from the dance committee walked by and did a double take in their direction. “Oddily, is that you?!”
Oddily tightened her grip on Maxim’s hand. Her free hand came up to rest on her throat in a protective manner, while Pepper approached all bright and cheery.
Maxim frowned at Oddily’s reaction. She acted so shy—so deep inside herself when she was around others.
“What the heck girl! I thought you were some ugly duck under all that hair; which, by the way, I love the cut! Where did you get it done?”
Maxim spoke up when Oddily hesitated. “It was Jasmine from the Jeff Edward’s salon.”
Pepper, whose smooth, creamy skin resembled chocolate milk, gave Maxim a once over while batting her eyes flirtatiously. “Hey, pretty boy,” she cooed acting all sexy and playful.
Maxim remained silent, but gave the girl a slight smile to be polite.
“Do you always hide behind your shades?” Pepper was curious about the color of his eyes and went to grab his glasses, but Maxim was too quick for her and dodged the attempt.
“Okay, that’s awkward,” she turned her attention back to Oddily.
“Girlfriend, I can’t get over how different you look, and your eyes. I had no idea they were so…large!”
“Really?” she heard the compliment, but still found it too strange to believe.
Maxim squeezed her hand as if to say I told you so.
“Carrie, come over here and check out Oddily’s makeover!”
The girl joined them and praised Oddily’s appearance as well.
“Are you coming tonight?” Pepper surveyed their locked hands inquisitively.
“Well, I forgot…”
“Yes, we’re coming.” Maxim quickly answered. He braced himself for his sister’s bombardment of warnings and complaints, but his mind surprisingly remained quiet. It was just as well because he had a yearning to understand why this unusual girl still plagued his curiosity; not to mention the overpowering physical connection he felt when they were together.
“Great, I’ll hang with you guys later.”
Pepper and Carrie were headed to the other side of the dance floor when Oddily spotted Starla walk over to the two girls. She wondered for the umpteenth time what her foster sister was up to as she glanced at Maxim’s hand still holding hers.
“What did you do that for?” Oddily asked.
“Don’t you want to go to the dance?”
“Well yes, I do, but it’s not that easy. I didn’t purchase the tickets, and I have no party dress to wear, and I don’t know how to dance, and I have a lot of homework to catch up on and…”
“Sshh,” he placed the tip of his finger over her lips. “Do you want me to go with you?”
Maxim was met with silence, so he asked again, “Does your quietness mean yes, or no.”
“Yes!” the word popped out so forcefully, Maxim was startled for a moment before laughing.
“Don’t worry about a thing. I’ll take care of the tickets and the party dress, but you’re on your own with the homework.”
Oddily smiled at his last comment.
“Let’s go. We’ll get your backpack, and I’ll drive you home.”
“No…I think I’ll stay for awhile and help with the decorations.” Oddily cringed under her deception. She found it awkward to hold back from Maxim when he had been so kind; and yet, what other choice was there without exposing her sleeping arrangements in the custodian’s office?  It was the best place Mr. Jack came up with until she could figure out what to do with her living arrangements.
“I’ll need your address and, by the way, what time is the dance?”
“Seven o’clock!”
“Perfect, I’ll pick you up at seven.”
“I would like to meet you here if you don’t mind.” Oddily started to fidget with her dress.
Maxim picked up on her uneasiness and asked, “Have I said something wrong?”
Oddily stared up at him with pleading eyes as if to say, please don’t ask any more questions. After some reluctance, Maxim decided to mind his own business, and agreed to meet her at her locker at six forty-five.




CHAPTER 19

The enormous iron gates opened, and Maxim drove onto his property. He followed the road leading to the Stafford Manor and when he arrived, the garage door adjoining the east side of the structure opened. He pulled his car inside and waited as the door closed by way of the high-tech security system. His father had the installation done right before he left Maxim and his sister. Then another opening came into view when the back wall of the garage slid into the ceiling. It was the hidden entrance to an underground roadway once used by bootleggers to smuggle liquor during Prohibition in the late twenties era.
Maxim slowly moved the car forward, heading down a steep slope until the ground straightened out to a long dimly lit tunnel carved out of stone. He never cared much for driving through the excavated passage; but, it was the only way for a car to enter the ancient forest surrounded by mountains—the place where he and his sister truly lived.
After parking inside a cave, Maxim pushed his way through thick foliage reaching a sleek, modern structure well hidden in the densest part of the woods. He stepped inside the lobby with its towering atrium and large panoramic windows and stopped.
“Welcome Maxim.” Sweeper, one of his creations glided up to scan his body.
“Where is Nexa?”
“I have no access.” The robot’s response surprised him.
Maxim knew in an instant that Sweeper had been reprogrammed, and cursed even though he understood why Nexa did it. After all, he was taking a substantial risk in attending the school dance; but, he calmed himself while surveying the rooms. He knew his sister couldn’t physically hide for long, not with such sparse furnishings.
Large, open rooms with sleek hardwood floors met his gaze while soft lights automatically switched on to illuminate the gently curved walls. One room had a modern table with chairs. Another room had three sculpted couches and nothing more; still another had a silver, futuristic piano like no other on this planet; and the kitchen resembled one giant molded piece of synthetic material. The electronic equipment inlaid into the walls weren’t the traditional stove, dishwasher, and refrigerator scenario.
The one thing consistent throughout the rooms was the multi-screened wall monitors displaying the Stafford grounds; and, the large windows had been designed and angled to create fantastic views of the surrounding landscape.
“Nexa,” Maxim spoke out loud this time and still no answer. The only sound touching his senses were the soft symphonies of Beethoven playing throughout the rooms.
His frustration continued while climbing the stairs to his room—another simplistic space with nothing but a bed in the center of spacious flooring. He sauntered over to the massive window and stared out onto the lush greenery of the woods as the sun began to set. This was his world—this hauntingly beautiful place he and his sister had grown up in was their secret home.
I can’t be shut out forever, sis! He smiled to himself as he began to take off his clothes to jump into the shower—if it could be called a shower. It was more similar to a large communal room with natural rain pouring down from the heavens, only this water came from the ceiling, and at just the right temperature.
Maxim turned his face up and held out his arms, letting the warm water message his body. He took a deep breath to take in the fresh scent of the soothing mist that filled his space. Through the skylight, he could barely view the last rays of sunlight as it dipped from his view and watched the room light up brighter than the soft glow throughout the house.
Revitalized, Maxim dressed himself in a pristine white dress shirt, tan pants and beige tennis shoes. He slicked his hair back knowing full well it wouldn’t stay in place, but refused to apply hair product loaded with unhealthy chemicals. It was just one of many things he learned from his father concerning dangerous manufactured goods in this timeline.
Well, don’t you look charming!
Maxim saw Nexa standing by his bed. She was all dressed up in a beautiful beige party dress with a black bodice and matching high-heeled sandals.
Where are you going? He raised his eyebrows in surprise.
I’m going out.
You’re going out. Maxim mimicked her while staring at her suspiciously, knowing she still blocked him from reading her mind. All right, what are you up to?
Nothing, she smiled at him innocently. You’re going out tonight, so I thought I would too. After all, what’s appropriate in your eyes must be acceptable for me also, right?
Maxim scowled at her. So this is my punishment for not listening to you?!
She crossed her graceful arms over her perfect chest and said, yes.
Fine! He started to leave the room.
Maxim, she dropped her facade and rushed over to him. He ignored her until she hurried around him and blocked the doorway.
Get out of my way, sis. I don’t have time for your games.
I’m not kidding, Maxim. I’m going out.
No, you're not; not without me.
Don’t yell at me!
I’m not yelling, but if you don’t stop this insane conversation and get out of my way, I will!  His voice involuntarily got a little louder in her head as he spoke.
With one stunned sweeping movement, Nexa stepped out of his way. You're attracted to her, aren’t you?!
Maxim closed his eyes and stood in silence for a long moment. Yes, but I don’t understand why. All I know for sure is I’m protective of her. Those damn glasses caused Oddily to be in the mess she’s in, and I need to return her life to its rightful order.
Where are you, Mr. Genius? You know that’s impossible.
After eavesdropping on his deepest thoughts, Nexa gasped. You’re falling in love!
No, I’m not! I hardly know her.
Nexa could tell Maxim attempted to block her from his mind, but he was unsuccessful, and she started to laugh despite knowing the situation would undoubtedly have serious consequences.
Thanks to you, I’m late! Maxim disappeared out the door.




CHAPTER 20

“Oddily, wait up!” Oddily was en route to her locker to meet up with Maxim when Starla’s best friend and sidekick came up to her.
“I’m so glad I found you.” Kendall stared at Oddily’s haircut and newly exposed face. She hated to admit it, but she couldn’t take her eyes off of the redhead’s unusual, and yet, appealing features. She almost slipped and gave her a compliment but caught herself in time. “Starla says you are coming to the dance tonight and asked if I would lend you a dress—seeing how hers would be too large. Anyway, I brought you one of my favorite black, strapless dresses with a matching flowered headband.”
Oddily was stunned. “Thank you, Kendall, but…”
“But…? Don’t tell me you’re going to wear that,” she wrinkled her nose at Oddily’s modest jumper and old brown boots.”
“No, of course I’m not. My date said he…” Oddily’s sweet voice trailed off when she noticed Kendall becoming anxious, acting almost desperate for her to wear the garment.
“OK, I’ll wear the dress and thank you so much.”
Kendall seemed pleased with herself while handing Oddily the balled up dress and headpiece. “Great, I’ll catch up with you later.”
Oddily stared at Kendall’s backside as she walked away and swore the girl sighed with relief. Then her attention went back to the black dress. She unfolded the garment and held the slinky dress up, discovering it was one of those dresses that only looked attractive on curvy figures. She shook her head knowing full well she would resemble a beanpole if she wore it.
The time was six forty-five when Oddily arrived at her locker. This was the spot where she and Maxim agreed to meet, so this was where she remained and waited.
She was both giddy with excitement and had a serious case of the nerves wondering if he would show up. She had a tad bit of hope because he bought the tickets and gave them to her for safe keeping—but what would he do about the dress? She had no idea what he planned to do for her and yet, even though he said not to worry, she worried a lot! He didn’t even ask what size she wore, and the consequences could be a disastrous if the dress had darts at the bust line.
The time was now six-fifty, then six fifty-five and still no date. Seven o’clock came and went. The auditorium began to buzz with music and excitement while Oddily’s heart started to sink with the possibility he wasn’t coming.
No, she chastised herself. She tried to bring some hope back by telling herself that there must have been a misunderstanding. What if they had planned to meet somewhere else or he searched for her locker and became lost.
Oddily rushed down the hallway searching in every direction, hoping to find him, but the halls remained empty. Could he possibly be waiting for her inside the dance? Her runaway thoughts were getting the best of her, so she headed for the social event with what she wore.
While waited in line, Oddily eyed the crowd of students that lingered in front of the gymnasium and scanned the parking lot for any sign of Maxim or his car. When she got to the front entrance, she hesitated before handing her ticket to the kid in charge and entered the building.
The first thing that caught Oddily’s attention was the decorations. The gym appeared to be even more beautiful and festive at night. All the posts twinkled with lights and the empty tables were now filled with all kinds of mouthwatering edibles. A gasp of surprise caught in her throat when she spotted Pepper walking away from the buffet, snacking on a piece of fruit. Her entire head of curls had been cut short just like her own. She wasn’t kidding when she said she loved Oddily’s hair, and she looked adorable, especially with those large hoop earrings.
Oddily crept along the side wall to the food table and snatched a brownie. She shoved a piece in her mouth, hardly giving herself time to chew while she continued to survey the room. There was still no sign of Maxim; but, she noticed the place had come alive with color like a beautiful flower garden with all the different hued dresses flitting around. She spotted Starla standing next to Paul pushing her long golden tresses away from her pretty face. Kip joined them while staring around the room, and…the wonder of the spell ended when Kendall appeared out of the crowd of students. She wore a black and white print lantern dress with bright blue heels and bangle bracelets on one wrist.
“Where’s your date?” she gave Oddily the once-over and appeared frustrated.
Caught without wearing the black dress, Oddily’s heart began to pound when she realized how ridiculous she must look wearing her school clothes from earlier that day. She could tell that other students were staring at her with curious, surprised expressions on their face. Or maybe it was her new haircut and exposed face causing the attention, and in that moment, she wished she had her mane of hair back to hide under.
“Why aren’t you wearing the dress?” Kendall’s questioning voice addressed her again. “After all the time spent picking it out, this is the thanks I get?”
Oddily’s shoulders drooped in dismay and glanced over at the beautiful Starla with her perfectly shaped nose and dark blue eyes. She looked lovely in her powder blue strapless dress. It had a tight-fitting bodice full of sparkly rhinestones and a skirt of layered tulle. Of course, the silver high heels were a perfect match with the dress and Oddily experienced a pang of jealousy. Why couldn’t Kendall have picked her out a dress like that one?!?
“The dress didn’t fit." Oddily lied guiltily, and turned when she heard a commotion stirring in the doorway. Maxim had entered the gymnasium.
After placing a hand to her chest, Oddily thought her heart skipped a beat. He showed up for her, but why would he want to stay by her side all evening with so many beautiful girls around? Of course he wouldn’t, not with Starla in the room, so pretty in her blue dress. Maybe she could hope for one hour of his company. Was that possible, or would Starla capture his attention too soon and steal him from her? Oddily glanced up again, and her heart skipped another beat when Maxim edged his way in her direction.
Kendall squirmed with pleasure when Maxim’s eyes met hers. However, when he reached the swooning girl, acknowledging her presence with a slight nod, Oddily was the one his light blue eyes rested upon.
Oddily gulped. She could see Maxim’s straight white teeth as his lips parted over them in a half smirk, half smile way.
“I’m sorry I’m late,” he greeted her in this kind, melodic voice. His smile brightened when he caught her demure, questioning look. He mused over her shyness as a pale shade of pink spread across her cheeks.
“It’s okay,” she coyly glanced up at him despite Kendall’s glare.
“Do you know each other?” Kendall couldn’t conceal her surprise.
“We’re friends,” Maxim answered for them both.
Looking first at the mysterious boy, then at Oddily, who had the beginnings of a deeper flush spreading across her face, Kendall searched around the room and excused herself.
“Thank you anyway,” Oddily called out knowing Kendall planned to spread some gossip to Starla.
Maxim gazed at Oddily after Kendall left and she was thrilled with his attention. Standing next to him, he appeared to be much taller than she remembered.
“Thanks for what?” Maxim asked.
“Kendall wanted to let me wear one of her dresses tonight.”  Then Oddily’s eyes widened. “Should I have taken her up on her offer?”
“I told you not to worry.” Then he bent down and whispered in her ear. “I think you’ll be pleased.”
Maxim took hold of Oddily’s hand, as if doing so was the most natural thing in the world to do, and guided her to the front door. Her quick hazel eyes missed nothing as she sensed every girl in sight wishing they were the one by his side. Oddily spotted Starla ditching Paul and Kendall to go off and huddle with Kip. Who were they talking about? What were they up to? A cold chill crept up her spine when Kip glanced over at her. He had his usual awful expression on his face—a grimace now burned into her memory.
Outside in the parking lot, where Maxim had parked his black BMW, Oddily waited for him to open the trunk. He pulled out a pretty pink garment bag along with another smaller sack and asked her to take him to the girl's room. To her surprise, he walked right into the lavatory with her.
“Oh no, you shouldn’t be in here,” her eyes conveyed surprise. “You’ll have to wait out in the hallway.”
“I understand; but before I do, I want to see your reaction to the dress.”
His statement puzzled her but Oddily went ahead and opened the garment bag. She pulled out a spaghetti strap dress made of green chiffon, and a solid beige underlining peeked out from under the chiffon. The style was suitable for her flat chest. 
“It’s so beautiful, but how did you know my size?”
Maxim had checked the size of the dress he still had from her shoplifting excursion, but he wasn’t going to tell her.
“Just a lucky guess,” he diverted his eyes for a moment before changing the subject. “Please…put it on.”
“You will wait a long time if you don’t go outside?”
Maxim smiled and left Oddily to herself. He had experienced immense pleasure while watching her face light up. She reminded him of a kid on Christmas morning when she opened the garment bag.
Oddily modeled the dress for him, as he requested, if you want to call standing stiff as a board in front of him modeling. The dress was similar to the one she took from the department store only this one was a richer, brighter shade of green with a subtle floral design. Incredibly, the color of her large eyes altered to match the green of her dress.
“You didn’t like the shoes?” he asked when she stepped out of the bathroom still wearing her old brown boots.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I forgot about the other bag.” Oddily scurried back into the girl's room and after a few moments came back out wearing feminine looking pale peach sandals.
“I’m impressed!” he smiled, surprised that Oddily could walk without stumbling. “You have worn high heels before.”
Oddily beamed her crooked grin at him. “I adore high heels. I used to sneak into Starla’s closet and practice walking in her heels all the time, even if they were too big. These here are wonderful because they actually fit me.”
Suddenly she frowned. “My feet are accustomed to the feel of my old boots or the warm earth when I’m not in school, so I’m sure they will protest loudly as the night moves on.”
Maxim couldn’t help himself. He had to laugh out loud because of her undeniable honesty. She was so refreshing to be around and Maxim found he couldn’t get enough of her pure, innocent ways.
“I have one more thing for you.” Maxim reached into his pocket, pulled out a small box and handed it to her. Oddily took off the lid, eyeing a necklace with a delicate, pale peach rose.
“How lovely, Maxim. And the color matches my shoes!”
“Allow me to help you with that.”
Oddily’s hand trembled as she handed the box to him and turned around. His fingers felt warm against her neck while he fastened the clasp.
“You look beautiful,” he whispered.
The word ‘beautiful’ stuck in her mind as though it were glued there permanently. No one had ever equated that word with reference to her before, except for the virtual Lucas from the Steam of Dreams game, but that didn’t count.
“Hello guys!” The voice brought Oddily out of her reverie. Her tall, skinny tormenter obviously had hunted her down for Starla.
Kip came up and dropped a thin strong arm over Oddily’s shoulder, leaning on her body and nearly collapsing her to her knees from his weight. His keen secretive dark gray eyes, fixed on Maxim for a minute then on her.
“I dig your dress.” Kip seemed satisfied with what she had on because his mouth had a pleasant twist that became sarcastic, or teasing, or charming, as he willed. “It’s perfect!”
“Thank you,” she whispered modestly, wishing he would leave her alone.
“We’ll see you inside the dance,” Maxim said with a straight face as he pulled Oddily away from under Kip’s arm, and held her protectively by his side.
Thankfully, a clicking sound came down the hallway of lockers. A ‘high school’ sophomore named Jenessa made the sound with her high heel shoes as she approached.
“Hi Kip,” she smiled flirtatiously at him and gave Maxim a gawking once-over while she wiggled past them into the girl's room.
Kip smiled, not missing the warning still displayed in Maxim’s eyes, or the awkwardness that fell between the three of them until Oddily’s sweet voice broke the silence.
“I’ll be ready in a minute,” her eyes focused solely on Maxim.
“In a minute,” he repeated, his eyes never wavering from Kips.
After edging away, Oddily hurried into the girl's room. The tension between the two guys became too intense for comfort.
“What’s all this?” Jenessa waved her arm to cover the discarded clothing and empty sacks. “Is this your stuff?”
After shrugging in embarrassment, Oddily stepped over to her old brown boots and kicked them under one of the stall doors.
“I’ve never seen you around here before. Do you go to school here or are you an outside date?”
Oddily’s mouth gaped open in surprise. “It’s me…Oddily!”
Jenessa squinted while studying Oddily’s hair and face. “Geeez, it really is you! You look so…different.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’ve been told.”
“Wow, I would have never guessed. Have you jumped his bones yet?”
“What do you mean?”
Jenessa wasn’t surprised by Oddily’s innocence. “You know—a girl, plus a gorgeous boy, equals sex.”
“Oh,” Oddily’s eyes widened with the thought. “No, I haven’t.”
Jenessa’s attention went back to the mirror while she applied a pretty shade of lip-gloss on her thin lips. Then she said, “If you don’t mind my mentioning it, you could use a little lip gloss yourself.”
Oddily’s hand involuntarily came up to her lips. “I suppose you’re right, but I don’t have any.”
“No problem.” Jenessa took a paper towel from the towel vendor and smudged some of the lip-gloss on it. “Here, this should be enough.”
Oddily dabbed her finger into the pretty hued, sticky stuff and smeared it on her pouting lips. “Mmmm—it tastes good.”
“It’s called, Tangerine.”
Oddily followed Jenessa out of the bathroom, and was pleased to see Maxim still waiting for her…alone. Her eyes shifted up and down the hallway just to make sure.
“He’s gone,” Maxim volunteered as if reading her mind.
“Look at my lips,” she held her face up to his, so he had a better view. “I’m wearing lip-gloss, and its tangerine flavor.”
Maxim casually bent down and kissed her, then licked the residue on his lips. “This gooey stuff is an interesting invention. We’ll have to get you some so you can wear it more often.”
When no response came from Oddily, he glanced at her and stared in wonderment when she appeared to be frozen as though time had come to a stop. He waved his hand in front of her face. “Are you all right?”
Oddily blinked hard and nodded her head.
“Are you sure?” Maxim noticed her normally pale skin grow paler… ghostly.
Oddily didn’t respond. She was kissed! Her first kiss ever, even though technically it wasn’t a kiss, but a way for him to taste the lip gloss. Who cared what the reason was as long as the effect on her was the same. She refused to move. She didn’t want this moment to end. She needed time to replay the kiss repeatedly in her mind; but the flash in time passed, and it became a new moment.
Oddily was now heading for the gymnasium with this inhumanly handsome stranger as her date. Despite the impossibility of this situation, her heart swelled with excitement.
Maxim’s eyes danced humorously above smiling lips when he overheard Oddily’s breath coming in short spurts. Surprisingly, he didn’t escape the kiss without incident himself.




CHAPTER 21

Once inside the dance, girl’s continued to check out Maxim with interest. Many of those curious eyes drifted to Oddily, still not recognizing her with her new look. She felt as ugly as usual so it didn’t matter much, one way or the other, who they thought she was.
As Oddily glanced around the room, her eyes locked with Paul’s. He danced with Kendall but his attention was on her. When she stared back at him, his warm brown eyes didn’t waver from her. Oddily squirmed, uncomfortable with the sudden interest. Was it possible she did look pretty wearing her new dress?
After the song had ended, Paul excused himself and headed in her direction. Oddily’s eyes grew wide with anticipation while he approached. She glanced up at Maxim to see whether he was aware of what was happening, but his face remained expressionless while he studied the crowd of students as if they were some type of science project.
“Hi Oddily.” Paul stood directly in front of her. “You look amazing!”
“Thank you.” She gave him a sweet smile after blushing from the compliment.
“Maxim, this is Paul, a good friend of my foster sister.”
Still busily inspecting the crowd, Maxim didn’t seem to hear her.
“Maxim?” He still didn’t respond.
“Hey,” Oddily touched his arm, laughing at him a little.
Maxim sensed Oddily’s gentle touch and glanced down at her, then to the guy standing in front of them.
“Hi, I’m Paul.” Paul stuck his hand out for a proper greeting.
“Yes…hello,” Maxim took the extended hand, chiding himself for his distraction. After all, if he intended on being Oddily’s date, he needed to pay attention and not stand around like a fool.
“Would you mind if I steal your girl away for the next dance?”
“You need to ask Oddily.”
Oddily tugged at Maxim’s arm and stared up into his face with pleading eyes. “I think I ought to, but I don’t know how to dance. What should I do?”
Maxim bent over and whispered in her ear. “Just move to the music.”
“But how?” she began to sound frantic.
“Try this.” Maxim shifted his body back and forth from one foot to the other with a little bounce, all the while trying to be inconspicuous. His silliness put a grin on her face.
Paul watched the two exchange an intimate moment and felt worse than ever for Oddily, knowing what was about to happen.
“It’s fine with me.” Oddily cleared her throat when her words came out sounding like a high pitched croak, and grinned nervously before stepping out onto the dance floor. She still thought of him as the hottest guy in school and experienced butterflies being so close to him; but the emotion was nothing compared to what Maxim did to her. Maxim made her heart beat so fast, she felt weak in the knees.
Oddily started to shift her weight from one leg to the other, just as Maxim had done, and it was easier than she thought. She frequently glanced over at him and became giddy with joy when he discreetly motioned for her to hold up her head instead of staring at her feet. When the compassionate stranger continued to give her his full attention, she knew in that moment that she was falling in love.
“This is fun,” she shouted at Paul over the loud music. He still stared down at her, but it appeared that something bothered him.
“Is everything all right?” She asked.
Paul nervously glanced around the room. “Yes—no—I’m not sure.”
“What is it?” she eyed him with genuine concern.
“Stop acting so nice to me!” His outburst was riddled with guilt.
“I’m sorry,” Oddily cringed with discomfort.
“No, I’m the one who should be sorry,” he shook his head miserably, moving closer. “Oddily, there’s something you should be aware of about tonight. Kip is planning…”
“You guys seem cozy!” Kip interrupted, smiling devilishly while he wedged himself between them and started to bop with the music. “Let’s hope your boyfriend isn’t watching.” 
Maxim had been watching with increased agitation towards Kip. He wanted to continue his watchfulness over Oddily, but someone in a fussy blue dress came dancing up to him. The attractive girl had deep blue eyes and golden hair, all fluffy and curly, and the rhinestones on her bodice sparkled in the light reminding him of a jeweled crown. She smiled at him even though he didn’t smile back. Instead, he wondered why she acted so outright flirty with him.
“I haven’t seen you around here before,” she lied as she flipped her long mane of hair to the side in an enticing way. The movement kept his attention on her and yet he remained unresponsive.
“You’re a quiet one. I like that,” she took a few steps closer. “In case you don’t already know, I’m Starla.”
The pretty girl standing before him finally got the response she desired.
“So you’re Starla.” He spoke with his hauntingly beautiful voice.
“You do know of me,” she smirked, flashing her pretty white teeth at him.
“Your name has come up a few times.”
“I hope it’s all good,” she cooed, trying to sound both innocent and charming, but it didn’t work. He already recognized her cunning ways through her pretty facade, so he returned to his silent stance.
His brooding attitude intrigued her while she continued to probe him for information. “You must be Oddily’s date.”
Maxim gave no answer because, obviously, she knew he was.
Starla closed the small gap between them. “How did you two meet?”
“Our paths crossed.” Maxim gazed over Starla’s head at Oddily, who was onto a new dance with Kip.
Starla’s eyes followed his to Oddily and Kip. “Where did she get that dress? Someone has good taste and I doubt that it’s her.”
“You’ll have to ask Oddily.”
“You’re not very talkative, are you?” she said watching his chiseled jaw line clench and unclench with tension.
Maxim, you’re jealous, His sister’s voice came out of nowhere.
Get out of my head, Nexa. This isn’t the right time.
As you wish, she laughed at him.
Was he jealous?
Yes, Maxim’s sister butted in and answered for him.
Nexa, I’m warning you!
Okay!
Maxim gazed into Starla’s pretty face while she stared up at him with sharp eyes, waiting for his reply. “Talkative?” he flashed back to her question. “No, I’ve never been good at chit-chat—Excuse me.”
“Damn,” Starla cursed after Oddily’s date moved away into the crowd. She couldn’t believe he walked away from her. No guy did that to her—ever! She should have set the plan into action while she had the chance. How could such a thing happen? She was an expert at catching and holding the attention of any boy she desired, no matter who he was.
“You’re not going to ruin my night,” she muttered under her breath. Starla smiled to herself as she scrutinized her future conquest dodge his way through the throng of dancers, but her smile faded when he cut into Kip and Oddily’s dance. Oddily’s remarkably handsome date lifted her high-heeled feet up onto his shoes and moved her around the dance floor. The action reminded her of something adults sometimes did with small children.
Kip joined Starla and dropped his arm on her shoulder, but she shrugged him off. “Don’t. Touch. Me,” she said each word with systematic clarity.
“What got up your butt?” He stepped away, giving her space. “What the hell happened? You had Oddily’s weirdo date where we wanted him, and the timing was perfect. Why didn’t you give me the signal?”
“Stop questioning me,” Starla grumbled.
“Don’t get your panties all in a bunch,” he glowered back at her. “Let’s try again, and this time, don’t mess up.”
“Then I suggest you get to work!”
“You still want to go through with this, right?!” Kip became suspicious, “Or are you chickening out?”
Starla scowled at him.
“You are, aren’t you?!” he teased. “What’s the matter? Is my babe losing her touch?”
“Shut up and stop asking me annoying questions,” she barked. “Just go and plant yourself where you need to be and wait for my damn signal.”
“Everything’s cool on my end,” he laughed. “Oddily’s dress is perfect.”
“Then quit wasting time…Go!”
“First, give me a kiss,” he closed in on her again.
Starla rolled her eyes and clenched her teeth, “Not now!”
Kip made his way back onto the dance floor and stepped in on Maxim and Oddily’s intimate dance. Oddily feared the intrusion of her tormenter, but didn’t know how to handle the situation.
Kip snatched her away from the safety of Maxim’s arms; but before he could pull her to another part of the dance floor, Maxim clamped his hand down on Kip’s shoulder and warned, “Not so fast.”
Kip shrugged Maxim’s hand from his shoulder and turned to glare at him. “Back off!”
“Do you want to dance with him?” Maxim ignored Kip’s warning while his sole focus remained on what Oddily wanted.
Oddily’s young heart pounded so loudly she hoped that Maxim would be able to detect how frightened she was. Or maybe she would muster up enough courage to say, no, no─ a thousand times no!
“Yes,” was her weak reply and regretted it as soon as she saw the uncertainty in Maxim’s guarded eyes. He clearly didn’t understand why she agreed to dance with Kip. If only she could explain to him that if there were to be a chance that Kip had changed his mind about her and would stop bullying her, she didn’t want to be snobbish and put him off.
Maxim stepped back in a moment of bewilderment, and then turned his attention back to Kip. “I’m watching you.” He glared at the cocky grin of triumph on Kip’s face.
“I’m scared!” Kip mocked his warning.
Maxim’s light blue eyes grew dark and menacing, “If you’re not scared…you should be!”
Maxim walked away. He didn’t want to; but Oddily made the choice, and he refused to create a scene and spoil the night for her.
“Oh please,” Oddily prayed after Maxim left the dance floor. “Let this dance be quick, so I can get back to him and try to explain.”
Maxim caught sight of Oddily and for a moment, their eyes met and locked. He could tell her inquisitive green eyes were full of either worry or fear—he wasn’t sure which. What was going on in her head? Obviously, Kip had some sinister control over her, but why did she do his bidding when she had Maxim’s protection? The whole thing remained incomprehensible to his senses.
After planting himself at the side of the dance floor, Maxim continued to survey Oddily from afar. She wasn’t a part of his world, but she didn’t seem to be a part of their world either. In fact, she always seemed to be in trouble with her peers except for tonight. This delicate creature had told him she was part of the foster care system, currently residing with Starla and her parents. In his opinion, her living arrangement was unfortunate because he knew from observation that this Starla girl hated her. Other than the obvious, who was Oddily? He remained in the dark while he became more and more curious about the unanswered questions.
“Alone again,” Starla cooed sliding her arm through his. It appears as though your date would rather be with anyone but you tonight.
Maxim scowled at her comment as a cruel smile spread across her lips while glancing over at Oddily with Kip on the dance floor. Maxim became increasingly agitated at the beautiful girl’s phony airs and needed to set her straight. “Starla, I’m sorry. Nothing is going to happen between you and me tonight—or ever.”
I thought Oddily had red hair.
Maxim’s body became rigid. His keen mind momentarily blocked Starla’s reaction while he searched the room. It wasn’t hard to figure out his sister’s location because half the guys in the gymnasium had their head’s turned in the same direction. Maxim gave Nexa a look, and if looks could kill, his sister would have died on the spot.
Stop staring at me like that, Nexa scolded him. I told you I was going out.
Go home, sis! I won’t allow you to mess things up for Oddily.
Give me a break. Her pale blue eyes fluttered in surprise at her brother’s words. I wanted to see for myself what all the fuss is about. If anyone’s going to ruin her night dear brother, you are by being in the company of that blonde.
Maxim glanced at Starla and had to admit he was surprised she hadn’t left, and she didn’t appear too happy over his rejection. She had her arms crossed over her pretty dress with her lower lip pushed out in a sexy pout.
“Don’t you have a date?” Maxim asked Starla at the same moment Nexa chimed in, Where’s Oddily?
Sis, you’re interrupting our conversation!
No, I’m not. Nexa smiled at her brother. Miss Blondie just slid into the crowd.
Finally, he sighed. Oddily’s out on the dance floor.
Where?
Take a guess.
Ooh, a game, she smiled.
Nexa opened her mind to all the caddy gossip and chatter and made a face. She found the mental noise hard to sustain, but the challenge was on with her brother. She scanned the dance floor and searched through the minds of various gyrating bodies with no luck. It turned out to be harder than she thought as she poked and prodded through the maze of juvenile thoughts, and was just about to give up when a strong sense of caution flooded her senses.
Something is wrong, Maxim!
Maxim quickly edged his way to Nexa without regard as to who watched. His only concern was his sister’s comment still ringing in his ears. He took no notice of Starla, who remained hidden among her classmates watching his every move. Nor did he notice her irritation when he walked over to the exquisitely beautiful blonde. Since Starla didn’t know the beauty was his sister, Starla gave her new rival a fierce look.
Nexa missed nothing and commented, what a bitch!
Who are you talking about?
I’m not playing a game now, Maxim. Where is she?
Maxim didn’t like the sound of urgency in his sister’s tone and quickly pointed Oddily out on the dance floor.
Surprised, Nexa said, she looks different from our first meeting.
Maxim mumbled something about Oddily’s hair.
Nexa wasn’t satisfied with his guarded response, and she glanced at Oddily with renewed curiosity. She became intrigued when the redhead stared unabashedly back at her with those green eyes shifting from her to her brother.
She thinks I’m angelic. Nexa volunteered with a smile.
What else is she thinking? He prodded.
Mmmm!
What is it? 
How strange for her to think you’re interested in me.
Maxim made a disgusting face. Do you hear anything else?
Suddenly, Nexa became anxious. Get Oddily away from that guy—hurry! 
Maxim didn’t move fast enough.  Raucous laughter along with wolf whistles had already started to fill the room, and the commotion on the dance floor was sheer chaos as Maxim fought his way through the crowd. His heart pounded in his chest while he called out Oddily’s name.
Oddily stood in the middle of a human circle of gawking students. Somewhere near the perimeters of her mind she faintly heard her name called and knew it to be Maxim. She knew it was him because no one pronounced it the same way as he did.
Maxim reached the edge of the circle, and there she stood, in a daze with a portion of her breast exposed. A loud, deep, guttural cry of fury ripped from his throat as he lunged forward, grabbing Oddily’s dress and pulling it back up over her.
Oddily was numb. She felt no emotion whatsoever. She experienced nothing. The world of feeling had just gone blank. She watched as the angelic stranger she had been staring at barge through the crowd and rush to her side, but she remained detached to what was happening around her.
What is going on? Why did the music stop? Why were chaperones for the dance upset with everybody? What was so funny and why did Maxim lose control? Oddily watched him leave her side to prowl the perimeter of the circle with clenched fists, shouting Kip’s name over and over again while searching the crowd.
Then it hit her! She remembered the shoulder strap of her dress snap and dangle forward—broken, and her bodice drooping down on one side. She glanced at the scrunched up paper towel littering the ground; the same one she used to stuff her top, and let out an agonizing scream.
There was no stopping her. Oddily bolted straight for the sea of students, and squeezed her way through the stunned bodies to escape her nightmare. The shocked crowd created a pathway for her until she was free to stumble to the front door.
Oddily’s hysterics continued and her vision blurred from all the tears. She could hear Maxim shouting her name while he pushed through the crowd, but she didn’t care. She heedlessly ran out into the night air, staggering down the sidewalk to the parking lot. She thoughtlessly dodged cars, trying to get to the woods across from the school, but she tripped and fell. While she tried to get up, a car started to back into her, but stopped when bright headlights from a motorcycle turned the corner speeding through the parking lot. It came right at her! Oddily froze as a deer caught in headlights, and screamed when she was grabbed by a strong body that twisted to take the brunt of the fall as they both tumbled onto the grass parkway. She gasped for air as she lay, face down, in the damp sod with someone moaning over her. “Please…be all right.”
Oddily overheard Maxim’s impassioned plea while he carefully turned her over until she came nose to nose with him. His distressed eyes penetrated her large, sad eyes conveying to him her sense of utter defeat.
“No—go away!” She shook her head violently, covering her face with her hands as fresh tears forced themselves free.
“Get away from us!” Maxim roared at the new group of students starting to form. One of the chaperones stepped in and ordered the students to disperse and go to their cars.
“The dance is over,” the man repeated again and again until he warded off the onlookers.
Maxim scanned Oddily’s body for injuries while Nexa came and knelt at her brother’s side. Her eyes became moist when she felt her brother’s pain.
I’m so sorry for giving you a bad time, Maxim. I think I understand now why you want to protect her.
All I wanted to do is make things right for her, sis.
I empathize with you, but please, let’s get out of here.
No, I need to find Kip.
Pepper, from the dance committee, overheard Maxim wanting to find Kip, so she dodged the chaperone to speak to him. “Listen guys,” she bent down to whisper for whoever had ears to hear. “Kip is headed for the ‘After Party’ at his brother’s house on Pinewood Lane.”
Maxim’s head jerked up and stared at Pepper with eyes full of agony while taking in what she said.
“And you, sister,” she glanced down at Oddily’s sprawled out body. “I know the timing sucks, but I want us to sit together at lunch Monday…okay?!”
Oddily tried to roll over in an attempt to hide her face in the grass, but Maxim wouldn’t let her.
Pepper straightened up and stepped back. “Sorry guys, but we have some immature jerks at this school.”
Before turning his attention back to Oddily, Maxim waited until Pepper left. 
“Oddily,’ Maxim stroked her head. “Did you hear that? Pepper was talking to you, and she wants...”
“Leave me alone,” she interrupted with a moan. “I don’t ever want to see you or anyone else again.”
Stunned, Maxim became overwhelmed with pain from her rejection. His handsome features twisted, and a dull ache started to pulse in his eyes as he whispered a throaty, “I’m so sorry.”
Oddily’s lying to you. Nexa squeezed his shoulder. She’s overwrought with humiliation, so you mustn’t take it to heart. Come on, it’s time to leave.
I won’t leave her! Maxim sounded both stubborn and passionate.
Settle down Romeo. That’s not what I’m suggesting.
Maxim stood up with Oddily in his arms and headed for his car even though another chaperone tried to stop him, claiming an ambulance was on its way.
Oddily moved to be free, but he held on relentlessly. She shrieked and struggled beneath his hold, then drooped against him in submission, her body soft and pliant against his chest. Maxim began to tremble, and it wasn’t from the cold.
“What is the spell you have on me?” he whispered.
Maxim barely made it out of the parking lot when the sirens screeched in the distance. He wanted to make sure Nexa followed. He glanced into his rear view mirror, but she wasn’t behind him.
Where are you, sis?
I’m on my way. Do you know where you’re taking her?
I’m thinking of the Stafford Manor for tonight.
Maxim, that’s a heroically stupid thing to suggest.
I’m suggesting just one lousy tonight.
No! Have you gone entirely mad?! You can’t bring her into our world, and that’s final. What if she finds out something she shouldn’t? Are you going to continue to block her memory every time there’s an incident?
Where do you recommend? 
Take her to the River Lodge. It’s not too far from here, and the place has private bungalows.
Our lives are going to be forever changed, sis.
Does this mean you plan to share all of our secrets with her?
You know I wouldn’t do that.
Do I, Maxim? You need to give me some time to let this sink into my head.  We can figure out this whole assorted mess later when you’re thinking rationally again. I’ll join you soon.




CHAPTER 22

Nexa kept her pale hair hidden under a beanie while she wandered among the crowd of rowdy students hanging out at the after party. Smoking, gossiping, and drinking were going on, including laughter about what happened to Oddily with snide remarks concerning her body.
Nexa strolled over to the two girls who laughed the loudest, piercing their minds with sad thoughts, and their annoying laughter turned into one large crying fest. The two females looked startled when they couldn’t stop.
Then a few guys gathered around vying for the blonde’s attention, making innuendos and even blatant invitations thinly veiled as jokes. Nexa ignored them all until a friendly voice asked, “Who are you, you sweet looking thing?”
A cute guy eyed Nexa up and down. She searched his memory and discovered he was Frankie, Kip’s older brother, who had been trying to get her attention since she arrived.
“You’re so damn hot!” He started a hospitable conversation, but wasn’t able to strike the spark that would lead to further advances.
“Can I get you a drink?” Frankie attempted to get Nexa drunk, and then try again.
“No, thank you. Where’s your brother?”
Her question took Frankie by surprise. She didn’t give him the response he desired.
“He’s probably in the backyard tinkering with the sound equipment. We’re getting ready to jam.”
Nexa silently stared at Frankie while listening in on his dirty thoughts until her scrutiny made him uncomfortable.
“Come with me and I’ll take you to him.”  Frankie went to put his arm around her waist, but Nexa dodged his attempt.
“Please keep your hands off me.”
Frankie raised his arms in surrender and led Nexa outside to the front of a makeshift stage. She sat in the front row of chairs all the while eyeing Oddily’s tormenter, who was too busy with the sound equipment to know of her presence.
Frankie started to jump onto the stage, but Nexa stopped him. “Don’t tell Kip I’m here yet. I want him to be surprised.”
“Fine with me,” he shrugged with an edge of sarcasm in his tone.
Nexa kept her head down with the collar of her sweater bunched up around her neck and waited while the party-goers gathered around the stage. She didn’t glance up until she heard the band start up with Kip belting out the first song. Her pulse began to throb and leap to the rhythm of the loud music. The sound was unusual and certainly, no Beethoven! Her instincts were to place her fingers in her ears to muffle the loudness, but she decided to grin and bear it.
As Nexa listened, her keen hearing detected Starla’s shrill voice cut through the music and drunken chatter. Her head tilted in the direction of annoyance and she knew Starla was headed her way. Nexa readied herself until Starla was almost in front of her, and then stuck out her leg. Starla came down with a thud.
“Oh my God,” Kendall yelled. She’d been walking close to Starla when she fell.
Nexa jumped up and pretended to help Starla to her feet while, at the same time, making sure her high-heeled shoe pressed against the hem of Starla’s dress. It worked! Starla’s shiny bodice dropped down off of her breasts. Starla gave out a mortified gasp when her falsies popped out. Girls began to point and laugh while the guys started to hoot and holler. A student from the football team snatched up one of the oval shaped sponges and started to toss it around like a football. Even the band stopped to join in on the fun.
Nexa retreated into the background and watched from afar as Starla pulled up her dress and spun around to see who had tripped her. She accused everyone in the immediate area, including Kendall.
“You bitch!” Starla shouted at her best friend.
“I didn’t do it, you dumb-ass blonde!”
Nexa smirked in satisfaction.
“Hey, where’s the music?” Some of the kids shouted at the band.
Kip and his band mates started up again, only this time they were pumped with adrenaline from all the excitement.
It’s your turn, punk!  Nexa penetrated Kip’s mind and waited for the real fun to begin.
Kip sang into the microphone when all of a sudden his perfectly tuned voice sounded like he couldn’t sing his way out of a paper bag. Surprisingly, he didn’t stop right away, but his eyes grew wide with disbelief while he listened to the strange off key notes flying from his mouth.
“Boo! Get off the stage!” The audience started to heckle him until he stopped.
Kip’s brother Frankie began to argue with him while nuts and chips were tossed at them. Nexa had a semblance of vindication over the atrocity done towards Oddily while she zeroed in on her last victim. She found him off in a corner, gawking at all the chaos.
Paul, who reminded her of an obedient puppy when dealing with his obnoxious friends, turned his head and stared directly at her. Did he realize she was the one responsible for the silly antics going on tonight? Nexa penetrated his mind and found him to be too busy chastising himself for him to pay any attention to what she had done. He went over the events of the evening in his mind and became angry with himself for not helping Oddily. He also felt like a complete jerk for being a part of the mean group that tormented her. Nexa changed her mind about him and decided to leave him alone—for now.
Where are you, sis?
Nexa froze when Maxim’s voice entered her head.
I’ll be there in a few minutes.
What are you up to?
Nexa cringed. Don’t ask unless you want me to lie to you.
Please hurry, I need help with Oddily.
With one last glimpse of satisfaction and a twitch of a smile, Nexa returned her victims back to their hateful right minds and glided out the side yard gate. She knew she did wrong by using her powers, but it seemed so natural and right.




CHAPTER 23

All was quiet in Maxim’s car except for the faint, humiliated sounds of Oddily’s sufferings. Giants sobs racked her petite body as she gulped and sputtered, trying to breathe. Tears slid down Maxim’s cheeks as well.
He felt like a failure; angry at himself for not keeping Oddily safe. No matter how hard he tried to help her, to protect her, a dark cloud always seemed to follow her around. He now knew the name of this dreariness—Kip Bellini.
Another burst of raw emotion threatened to overwhelm him as he thought of Oddily’s tormentor. His eyes became hooded and unwavering, wanting to go back and find him. Instead, he pulled in front of the impressive River Lodge. The lodge resembled an English tavern. It was built in the early nineteenth century when two eccentric sisters desired to create a bit of paradise. Nexa was right; this place was perfect. The main lodge appeared to be surrounded by private, rustic bungalows set along cobblestone paths, each cabin secluded amidst a canopy of trees.
His first priority continued to be Oddily, so he pulled up in front of the old lodge and climbed out. “I’m getting us a bungalow. I’ll be right back.”
For a moment, Oddily’s mind focused. One word stood out among her tortured thoughts. Did Maxim say he was getting a room for…us? No, she must have misunderstood him. Who would ever want to be in the same room with her?
Oddily had never experienced this level of tiredness in her life. Was this to be her existence forever? She hadn’t thought about the future much. There was no future to consider…only the strange present. Another giant sob escaped as the agonizing pain of memories from the dance returned, engulfing her into a renewed, deeper level of despair.
Maxim returned. The passenger door opened and Oddily was lifted out of the car. She stared at the night sky until the ceiling of a room came into view.
Maxim placed her on a soft couch and knelt down to check her for injuries again. “Your wounds are superficial,” he poked a small scratch near her elbow, but she pulled her arm away from him.
“Leave me alone,” she moaned.
“Look at me!” He leaned forward, his face only a few inches from hers—his breath touching the back of her hands that covered her face.
“No, I can’t,” she sobbed with renewed suffering.
“Yes, you can.”
“Please, go away!” Tears dripped between Oddily’s delicate fingers. “Don’t ever lay your eyes on me again.”
“Stop it,” his voice became thick with emotion. “I’m not leaving you.” 
Oddily shook her head in disbelief and whimpered, “Why are you doing this?”
“I can’t imagine life without you now that you’ve entered my world.”
“No, you’re lying! Who would want me when I don’t have all my body parts?” 
“Body parts,” Maxim repeated. “I don’t understand.” 
“Yes you do,” she started to weep harder than ever.
“I’m sorry; I honestly don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Boobs!”
Maxim sat back on his haunches and went red in the face. He didn’t know what to do for her, except ask, “Why does it matter what size your breasts are?”
“Boobs are everything! Guys love them—big ones.”
Maxim’s brows knitted together distorting his handsome face. How could he explain that what he felt towards her was beyond appearance? How could he tell her how strongly his reactions to her were becoming every time they touched, or the emotions running through him when she smiled up at him with that crooked grin of hers? He barely understood these new feelings himself let alone could he explain them to her. And the more their lives entwined the stronger the feelings.
“Please stop crying,” he brushed his lips against the back of her hands.
Oddily stiffened like a statue at his touch.
Maxim tried to lighten the mood “Let me taste your lips to find out if they still taste like tangerines?”
When Oddily didn’t remove her hands from her face, Maxim got to his feet and sauntered over to the other side of the room. Nexa, where are you?
* * * * * *
By the time Nexa drove into the parking lot of the lodge where she had suggested Maxim take Oddily, she felt relief when she spotted her brother’s empty car. That meant he listened to her, and their private world was still safe for the time being.
Nexa found their bungalow and without knocking, opened the front door. How is she doing? She asked while gliding over to Maxim.
Oddily took one peek at the spiritual beauty of pale hair with forget-me-not eyes and went into a new frenzy of tears.
“It’s nice to see you, too!” Nexa began to listen in on Oddily’s pitiful thoughts.
Look at them, a perfect couple made from heaven! Where does that leave me? Am I destined to live my love life only in my dreams?
“Okay, that is enough!”  Nexa marched over to Oddily, shocking the girl out of her moment of self-pity.
What happened? Maxim was also startled by his sister’s sudden annoyance.
Introduce us, Maxim.
But…
Nexa gave him a harsh stare.
Okay, okay, Maxim’s bewilderment showed in his voice as he introduced them. “Oddily, this is Nexa.”
Oddily cried out with fresh tears. “Even your name is beautiful!”
“Stop your blubbering and look at us!” Nexa walked gracefully back to her brother’s side. “I’m his twin sister!”
“You’re related?” Oddily lowered her hands and compared the two. Something was strangely familiar about seeing them together, like one of those déjà vu moments. Why hadn’t she noticed their resemblance before, during the dance? Maybe they were too far away, or too much was going on in her head at the time to think with a clear mind. Whatever the reason, it didn’t matter now. This angelic creature was nothing more to Maxim than a family member.
Oddily smiled. She couldn’t help herself because her tortured heart was momentarily relieved from its painful place of humiliation. Suddenly, there was a promising sense of possibilities for Maxim and her. But as fast as the hopeful thought came, she chided herself for her childish fantasizing. Someone like him would never have her as a partner in life. Oddily couldn’t take the depressing thoughts anymore. She needed to escape by going into one of her dream sprees where everything was beautiful.
“I’m tired,” Oddily’s pain returned to devour her.
Maxim and Nexa glanced at each other, but said nothing as they stared at Oddily while she slid off the couch and disappeared into a coat closet. To their surprise, the fragile girl didn’t come back out.
Are you going to get her or do you want me to? Nexa asked.
“Oddily,” Maxim called out, knowing she must be embarrassed.
“I thought this was the bedroom.” Her sweet, soft, voice came from beyond the door.
“Nexa and I are going out on the porch for awhile, so you can have some time for yourself.”
“Okay.”
After the front door opened and closed, Oddily hurried out of the closet and found the bedroom.
Stupid, stupid, stupid! She chided herself for opening the wrong door. She knew in a flash that it didn’t lead to the bedroom but stupidly, she had to go in anyway, hoping for what…that they wouldn’t notice what she had done?
With clothes still on, Oddily climbed into bed and threw the blankets over her head. She forced her imagination to create the sweetest dream spree she could imagine.  She started off imagining herself to be Nexa with her angelic face and perfect shaped boobs. She danced with her new boyfriend, a tall, dark haired, exquisite looking guy who swirled her around the dance floor while all eyes were on them. She felt beautiful and feminine in her gray satin gown as she lovingly glanced up into her boyfriend’s deep brown eyes—no, wait a minute! His eyes were sky blue.
“I requested brown eyes,” Oddily spoke to her imaginary creation, but the blue eyes remained. In fact, her dark featured Knight in Shinning Armor turned into Maxim with his blonde hair, chiseled face and full lips.
Oddily’s heart danced in her chest at the sight of him and couldn’t fight the reaction. She was afraid of him—reluctant to let what she was beginning to feel for him grow. She believed that he would end up breaking her heart, but tonight she wouldn’t resist, so she let him hold her close while they moved around the dance floor just like in romantic fairytales. How could someone appear to be so right and yet she still knew by instinct, that he was so wrong for her? Fortunately, she remembered to remind herself that this wasn’t real and decided to enjoy the unimaginable.
Oddily rested her head on his chest and listened to his heart beat so strong and steady—a heart belonging to her for this brief moment. He pressed her closer and closer against his body, and she savored every moment wrapped in his arms until she heard a familiar horsy laugh. Her head shot up and stared, wide eyed, into the menacing gray eyes of her worst nightmare, Kip.
Oddily screamed and tried to break his hold on her and at first he wouldn’t let her go. He laughed harder as she struggled against him until the perfect moment came and he released her, causing her to fall backwards into Paul’s arms.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry!” Paul whispered over and over again in her ear.
Oddily pushed Paul away and spun around, staring at students pointing their finger at her and laughing. She glanced down at herself and her beautiful gray evening dress disappeared, leaving her with nothing but her underpants and high-heel shoes. Oddily tossed and turned as she continued to relive the devastating night.




CHAPTER 24

Outside on the porch, Maxim raked a hand tensely through his blonde hair. I want to talk with you, sis.
Nexa showed concern as she took a seat next to him. You haven’t been your usual self since this whole ordeal with Oddily began.
Maxim nodded.
Listen to me, dear brother. You must admit that Oddily’s life, and mankind in general, is our enemy. If we’re not careful, our way of life will be destroyed─ then what?
Now you sound like father. Maxim smirked.
Well, what he said is true. We were careless tonight, drawing way too much attention to ourselves—the exact thing father warned us against.
Hey, no one asked you to come, Maxim snapped.
Nexa sighed. I’m glad I did because now I’m happy that we stayed secluded.  After what I witnessed tonight, this is one crazy world.
Listen, I understand the risk I took, but what I feel for Oddily is too overpowering. My mind says to walk away and yet my heart can’t seem to resist her. Could you leave her if you were in my shoes?
Yes, if you asked me to.
I can’t, sis! I won’t leave her.
Of course you won’t, not until you bone her.
What do you mean?
I’m speaking a slang phrase I heard at the dance. It means to engage in sex.
Maxim jumped to his feet. I’m not going to take part in this conversation.
Fine, but you need to stop walking around with a banana in your pants—it’s annoying.
Maxim started to walk away.
Come back here—I’ll behave!
Maxim returned but remained standing.
Now what do we do? Nexa unconsciously braced herself for his answer.
I want you to enroll at Forest Ridge High on, Monday, so you can keep an eye on Oddily for a few weeks.
Nexa let her jaw drop open in surprise. You sound ridiculous!
What if I do your homework? He stared at her in earnest.
She became angry. The answer is no!
If you don’t, I’ll enroll myself; he fixed his eyes on the ground.
Why must you be so stubborn?! Nexa rolled her eyes in exasperation.
Please, sis.
Oh my God—like I seriously wanna go to Forest Ridge High. The school is sooo cool!
Maxim couldn’t help but laugh at his sister’s poor imitation of the way some of the girls spoke.
All right—two weeks darn it, and not one more day.
He gave her a thank you smile, but Nexa didn’t miss the fact he still appeared to be troubled.
Now what’s wrong?
It’s about tonight. Something happened to me. Maxim sat back down and glanced up at the canopy of twinkling stars.
Go ahead, I’m listening.
Back at the dance, when I ran out of the gymnasium chasing after Oddily, I could tell I was too far away to save her from the oncoming motorcycle. I don’t understand. Something inside me snapped and all of a sudden everything blurred and I was knocking her out of the way. Sis, I can’t remember how I got to her in time.
Try to reflect on what you think happened, Maxim? This is important.
I’m not sure, but I think I experienced a time slip.
The same as father did with us?
Yes, remember how he would tease us by flaunting chocolate in front of us and instantly, the same candy bars were in our hands?
Yes, we had fun. He made time speed up so fast we didn’t catch him in the act of giving us the treat. Oh my—do you think that’s what happened to you?
Maxim nodded.
And yet, father’s not here.
You’re right. Maxim frowned at the mention of their father.
Then this means…
It means I did it, he finished her thought.
Nexa blissfully sighed, finally!
What do you mean? Maxim was caught off guard by his sister’s sublime reaction and became suspicious. You’ve been holding out on me, haven’t you?
She smiled and nodded.
And? Maxim waited for her to explain herself.
I’ve been dabbling with time for awhile now, and the occurrences are a staggering experience.
Are you talking about time slips? He was stunned and yet intrigued.
Nexa hesitated for a moment before fully opening her mind to him.
Maxim was stunned by what she revealed. You traveled into the past!
She began to grin, relieved that her brother finally knew her secret.
Nexa, why didn’t you tell me?
You have no idea how badly I wanted to, but when the same changes weren’t happening to you, I didn’t want your fear to try and stop me.
You’re right, I would have. Maxim still reeled from her confession. Now what?
I’m clueless, Max. I guess we’ll be a support system for each other while we finish turning into someone like father.
You and I are to become ‘Time Travelers’!
That’s my understanding, especially after what happened to you tonight. Truthfully, I thought for sure I was going to be the only one to follow in father’s footsteps, but now I’m so relieved we’re in this together. I have so much I want to share with you.
I’d rather you didn’t right now. Maxim’s mood became dark and ominous as he continued to gaze at the night sky. He didn’t want his sister to know how frightened he was of becoming something different from whom he was now. He reflected on the moment when his father had departed five years prior, and how unnerving it was to witness him disappear before his eyes.
You’re thinking of father.
No…yes, I’ll admit it!
You’re still angry with him.
Five years have gone by, Nexa. He said he would return soon.
For him, I’m sure five years is a short while, Maxim.
Quit defending him! Aren’t you bothered by the fact that we were just kids when he left, and now we’re young adults? He should be here to help us through this transformation. I can’t believe we followed every one of the paranoid rules he laid out for us after his departure.
Up until now, we did. Nexa stretched her arms over her head. But tonight’s been an education, don’t you think?
If you consider being cooped up in a gymnasium full of raging hormonal teenagers and picking up on their slang chatter educational, then yes, I suppose so.
So what are you going to do about Oddily now that you’re turning into a traveler of the universe?
Maxim raked his hand through his hair, which was his habit when bothered by something. I don’t know. Oddily has given me new meaning to my life. A purpose I haven’t had before. She’s become the first thing I think of when I get up in the morning and the last thought I have before I fall asleep at night. I desire to be with her—body, mind and soul.
You’re such a hopeless romantic. Nexa yawned. Do you think you’re falling in love with her?
Maxim mused over the question. I’m not sure what love is. That reminds me, we should check on her.
You go ahead—I’m going home. I think this is the longest both of us have been away from the property at the same time, and that’s not smart.
After walking his sister to her car and checking on Oddily, Maxim grabbed an extra blanket from the closet and flopped down on the couch to ponder the gamut of emotions raging through him until sleep gave him a reprieve from his mind.




CHAPTER 25

Oddily screamed and shot bolt-upright in her bed, panting, sweating, and clutching the blanket about her for protection. Her eyes flew open into the darkness of the unfamiliar bedroom. She saw shapes and shadows of the furnishings from the gray light coming through the window.
She let go of her breath in one long rush, knowing she had awakened from a series of nightmares reminding her of the horror she experienced at the dance. She climbed out of bed half expecting Kip to grab her, but nothing happened.
Hastily, she went to the bathroom to relieve herself then came back, burying herself under the bed covers. The sheer warmth about her was comforting, but her dress stuck to her where she had been sweating and she wiggled uncomfortably. She was still exhausted, as if she had relived the dance, and became afraid of returning to sleep in case the nightmare came back. Maybe she would stay awake until the morning. Yes, fresh night air was what she needed, so she left the warmth and security of the bed and tip-toed into the living room.
Maxim! She was stunned to find him stretched out on the couch with a blanket tucked up around his neck. He slept so soundly she didn’t have the heart or courage to wake him, so she slipped out the front door quiet as a church mouse.
* * * * * *
At the sound of footsteps outside the bungalow door, Maxim sat up and pulled the blanket from his body. A strong moonlight brightened everything in the room to black and silver. He got to his feet, listening. The doorknob turned and abruptly all of his blood was alive, singing caution through his veins. The door cracked open, and a pale figure, barefoot, stood on the threshold.
Oddily,” he said, hoarsely. For an instant, his body remained tense while it took his muscles a moment to react to the message of his mind. Then he relaxed, running a hand through his disheveled hair. “You scared the shit out of me, creeping in like that.”
She remained silent while closing the door behind her.
In the moonlight, Maxim noticed her shivering and took a step forward. “You’re cold,” he moved to take her into his arms, but hesitated when she flinched.
“What is it?” he ignored her response and grabbed her, cradling her against him. He tried to give comfort to her trembling softness by stroking her back and hair. On his bare chest, he felt the wetness and cold of her cheek.
“Oddily,” he spoke with worry, hugging her even closer. “Are you going to be all right?”
“I don’t know,” her delicate arms closed around him, clutching him as if he might disappear. He held her steady, cradling her while she began to weep. 
“You’re not alone in this,” he whispered. He rocked her gently, laying his cheek against the top of her head. “I’m here to help you get through this.”
Her small fist curled, and she struck him against his side, “Liar!”
Oddily’s response bewildered him. He bent his head, nuzzling her ear. “Please believe me.”
She didn’t answer. She simply held onto him with her face hidden in his chest while trembling with every smothering breath she took.
Finally, Maxim took his own deep, shuttering breath and confessed, “I care for you, Oddily. I mean—I truly care what happens to you.”
She burrowed against him. “I wish I could believe you.”
“I know. Come on. Let’s get you back to bed.” Maxim kept an eye on her while she entered the bedroom and slipped under the covers.
“Will you stay with me for awhile—until I go back to sleep?”
Maxim sat down on the edge of the bed. “I‘ll be right here when you wake up.”
* * * * * *
Oddily woke with a start. The dance! Her mind reeled once more with terror, but there was no dance. In fact, she wasn’t even lying on the floor of the custodian’s office.
The sight of the unfamiliar room helped her to regain a point of reference. How could she forget with Maxim stretched out on the bed next to her? He slept soundly, and her young heart leaped in her chest at the sight of him.  He stayed with her as he said he would.
Oddily remained quiet and stared at him sleeping for awhile, studying every inch of his handsome face to burn it into her memory. She wasn’t fooling herself. She knew that being with this exquisite guy was fleeting, no matter what he had indicated in the wee hours of the night. The pain of the eventual loss was heart wrenching, and she had to avert her eyes—to turn away from the sadness threatening to overwhelm her.
Concentrate on something else, she ordered her runaway mind and with that said, glanced around at the fresh and airy bedroom. The ceiling was low with two small windows draped with soft fabric, and the walls were painted white with clay tile flooring.
The furnishings had a different and yet complementary effect on the room. Every piece of the old-fashioned furniture had been so well kept the overall effect was delightful. Oddily acknowledged her surroundings to be a safe and comfortable place. Unfortunately, the pleasant room became overshadowed by the haunting memories of the dance as her mind drifted back to the night before. Once again, she scolded her thoughts while heading for the bathroom. She went directly over to the sink and splashed cold water on her face.
“You may not think another hurtful thought for the rest of your life,” she scolded the image in the mirror. Then she glanced at her torn, grass stained dress and remembered her close encounter with the motorcycle. All she could do was moan when the whole incident came flooding back to her.
“Good morning!”
She heard Maxim’s magical voice from beyond the bathroom door, and her large green eyes widened. “Are you awake?”
“Yes, I suppose I am,” there was a muffled expression of amusement. “Are you hungry?”
Oddily opened the door and nodded. She wanted to say something, but the most idiotic things came to mind, and they were nothing she dared to say out loud. Will you marry me or, can I have a kiss? Or how about, I think I’m falling in love you!
“Oddily?” His voice broke her trance like state while she blinked at him several times.
“Where did your mind drift off to just then?” Oddily’s inner world still plagued his curiosity.
“I…I can’t—I’m starved!” she rubbed her belly and scooted past him.
Maxim allowed her to dodge his question.




CHAPTER 26

Maxim slipped Oddily’s arm into his and led her into the River Lodge dining room. The aroma of eggs and bacon smelled good as they took their seat at a cozy booth.
“Coffee?” The waitress handed them their menus.
“A glass of fresh squeezed orange juice sounds good.”
“That sounds good to me too.” Oddily’s request came from behind her list of options. She sensed a thousand eyes staring at her—talking about her behind her back with the pretense of idle chatter. Stop thinking, she scolded herself. No one here knows what happened last night.
“Now what are you thinking about?” Maxim studied her face as he often did.
“Sometimes I just want to get out of my own skin,” she lowered the menu.
“I’m glad you can’t.” Suddenly—impulsively—crazily, Maxim reached over and gave her a gentle kiss on her cheek.
“Oh!” A soft exclamation of surprise escaped her lips while giving him a goofy grin. Oddily could still smell the scent of him when he had leaned towards her, a guy smell she didn’t understand and could only respond to. 
Maxim smiled. “Did anyone ever tell you how cute you look when you smile?”
“You just called me cute,” she giggled and shook her head in disbelief. Oddily never thought of herself that way—being someone who used to be an incredibly awkward looking child.
Maxim was intrigued by her reaction. She laughed with childlike abandon as though he had genuinely said something funny. Even when she returned to reading the menu, he continued to stare at her with interest and curiosity. He was hardly able to believe this fragile girl sitting next to him had changed his life so entirely.
After ordering for the two of them, Maxim sat back in his seat while his expressive blue eyes searched hers. “Talk to me.”
Oddily squirmed in her seat. “You truly want to know about me?”
He smiled. “I’ll sit here and listen to you all morning if you like.” And study you, he might have added. He couldn’t tell which would be the greater pleasure.
Oddily was thrilled with a sensation of terrifying sweetness. She found herself longing to share her past with this stranger, so in her soft, sweet voice she started to tell him about the car crash and the disappearance of all the occupants, except for her.
Maxim sipped at his orange juice in silence and listened, watching her with the eyes of his soul. The wonder grew upon him with every passing moment as she continued to share the fact that there were no traces of blood or anything at all to suggest others might be dead or alive. The only thing the police found was Oddily and a small pink teddy bear, swaddled in a blanket in the back seat of the wreckage.
Oddily began to remember many things she had almost forgotten. Little incidences that happened in her childhood and fought the tears that threatened to escape, while keeping the remembrances private.
Maxim listened to her story while he took in the innocent ways and gestures she had, movements as artless and unstudied as they were effective. Her eyes and smile gave such expression to her usual pouting face. Never had he met anyone this timid and her jitters made him wonder why she remained nervous around him. Finally, wanting to put her at ease, he placed his hand over hers. For a moment of surrender, she didn’t move. It wasn’t until the waitress came with their meals that the intimacy shattered. They ate in silence and when Maxim finished, he waited for Oddily to do the same while encouraging her to resume her story…but she declined.
Tell me about you,” she acted all girlish and interested. “I know nothing about you other than you helped me out of a trash bin, then a week later showed up insisting I get a haircut and then be my date for the dance.”
“And here we are,” he added.
Oddily nodded.
“What do you want to know?” Her curiosity put Maxim on guard.
“I’ve been wondering where you live?”
“In a secluded part of town.” His answer was quick and to the point.
“Do you have any other brothers or sisters besides Nexa?”
“No.”
Oddily stammered with the next comment. “You’re good at protecting your privacy.”
“Sorry—I have an unfortunate habit,” he smiled, but it appeared more like a grimace.
Maxim realized he had to say something about himself and decided to share the account of his mother’s death, how she died in childbirth, and the feelings of abandonment he went through when his father left him and his sister five years ago.
Oddily listened as he unfolded to her his hermit like existence without revealing any family secrets. She asked him many questions about his love for tinkering with electronically engineered robots. It showed she was taking it all in and apparently she didn’t consider his hobby as anything out of the ordinary. Hers was the dispassionate interest with which she might have listened to a tale of the land of fairies, or some notable robotic empire long passed away from earth. They lingered at the table while the restaurant filled with people, warning Maxim it was time to hide.
Oddily frowned when Maxim put on his sunglasses again. As far as she could tell, he had some aversion to crowds. For his sake, she wanted to leave; but Maxim ordered another glass of orange juice. When the drink came, he sipped once more, willing to continue their conversation.
Maxim’s brows knitted together in concern when, in some way he couldn’t understand, he had caused Oddily to become uncomfortable. It was a long, awkward moment until they were approached by a familiar face, and he welcomed the intervention. It was Kendall, who had been sitting in the shadows of the restaurant where she had spotted the two of them together.
“Kendall!” Oddily spoke when she saw her approach. She couldn’t help staring at the dress she wore. It was sexy and feminine, exposing the silky tanned skin of her shoulders and upper back. When Kendall took a seat near Maxim, the gathered skirt floated about her knees and hinted at gracefully tapered thighs. She had come so silently that Oddily couldn’t repress her surprise and blush.
“Hi guys,” Kendall flipped her ponytail from side to side. She glanced at Oddily’s short hair and shook her head, sighing. “I would never cut off my hair like that—ever.”
“I like her hair,” Maxim stated smoothly while giving Kendall an ominous look.
Kendall lowered her eyelids with a demure flutter of lashes to hide the fact that she was taken aback by his protective stance over Oddily. With a pang of awkwardness, and wanting to appease him she said, “Well yes, of course—on Oddily it looks adorable. I was just talking about me and how I would look.”
Maxim believed she recovered that transgression well and nodded his approval.
Kendall knew if she were honest with herself, she’d admit the haircut enhanced Oddily’s pixyish features in a good way.
“Oddily,” she said with exaggerated politeness. “I’m so sorry about what happened last night.”
Oddily glanced down, touching the edge of her spoon as though she had never seen one before and shrugged. Then, aware of how badly she needed a manicure, she hid her hands under the table.
Kendall’s eyes roamed from Oddily over to Maxim. “Guess what happened at the ‘After Party’ last night?”
“Maybe another time,” Maxim abruptly got to his feet and stretched his wonderfully tall physique. “We need to be on our way.”
“Oh, of course,” Kendall became flustered as she also rose from her seat. “I guess I’ll see you during school, Monday.”
“Okay,” Oddily smiled despite the fact that her insides instantly knotted up at the idea of returning to school.
“Are you sure you don’t have a few minutes to spare?” Kendall watched Maxim help Oddily out of the booth. “You’re going to love it when you hear what happened. I promise!”
“I’m sorry,” Maxim sounded insistent. “We must leave.”
“Yes, we’ve got to go now,” Oddily agreed while heading for the main lobby, but Maxim caught her by her waist. The light fabric of her dress separated his fingers from her skin, and she was electrified by his touch.
“I’m sorry. Did you want to know what gossip Kendall is dying to share?” His urgency was almost palpable.
“Not really,” she admitted, but had expected him to be curious. Instead, he showed no interest whatsoever.
“Was I being rude?” He pressed on.
“Yes—I believe so.”
“Should I apologize?”
“No, that’s okay. She’s already headed back to her table.”
Oddily stared pointedly at his hand on her waist until she added, “But of course, if you want to—you can go and ask her what’s on her mind.”
“Would that make you happy?”
“No silly,” she giggled.
“Good, then let’s get out of here.”
How could she argue with him when he used that confident, no-nonsense tone—when he favored her with one of his disarming smiles? It was all she could do not to touch the spot where his fingers had fastened around her waist. Beneath the fabric of her cotton dress, her flesh became sensitized, and her skin tingled with awareness. Disappointment engulfed her after he released her body to open the door.
Once outside, Oddily thought they were returning to the bungalow, but Maxim headed for his car instead. She stopped along the pathway not knowing if she should follow.
“Aren’t you coming?” Maxim also stopped. Her shy posture told him of her awkwardness, so he lifted her face to his. Their eyes met as he spoke with his captivating voice. “What’s wrong? Why are you still uncomfortable with me?”
It was hard to think with his gaze penetrating into the depths of her soul, but Oddily managed to ask, “Do you want me to come with you?”
“Will you stop it?” Maxim released her chin and fidgeted with a button on his shirt. “How can I make you understand that I desire to be with you?”
“I’m sorry,” Oddily cringed at the frustration she caused him. “No one has ever wanted my company before—especially someone like you.”
“What do you mean by that?” Maxim’s eyes became hooded and unwavering.
“You know…someone as handsome as you.” She wanted to shout, gorgeous, extraordinary or even magnificent, but kept her choice of words safe and sensible.
Oddily watched Maxim’s sudden tension melt away at her response, and he genuinely smiled. Not his usual smirk; but a genuine, welcoming smile that lit up his whole face.
“Then, this handsome guy desires your company unless you have other plans.”
“Me?” she stammered. “No—I mean yes, I’m free.”
“Well then, let’s go.” Maxim took her hand, interlocked their fingers and led the way down the walkway towards his car.
“Where are we going?” She felt exhilarated by the touch of their palms pressing together.
“I don’t want to spoil the surprise,” his face remained expressionless, not willing to give any secrets out just yet. When they got to the black convertible, Maxim opened the trunk and pulled out her pink backpack. “Thought you might want this,” he flashed his captivating smile again.
“How did you get it?”
“Jack was at school cleaning up after the dance, and unlocked the girl’s room for me. He’s worried about you, but I assured him you were in good hands.”
“I’m beginning to think so too,” she blushed at her own confession.
“It’s about time,” he laughed as he grabbed her up into his arms and spun her around. Oddily held on tight and buried her face into his neck.




CHAPTER 27

Maxim pulled into the Village shopping center parking lot and headed for the north side towards a separate row of storefronts. He found a space in front of ‘Popular Chic,’ a clothing boutique, which catered exclusively to the offspring of the rich.
“We’re here.” Maxim switched off the engine and climbed out of the car.
Oddily waited for him to open her door, and then followed him to the entrance of the high-end store. “Your surprise is waiting inside.”
Oddily’s thin eyebrows arched so high they could have easily taken flight as birds. “Aren’t you coming?”
“I’ll wait outside. I’ve got a date with my laptop.”
“But…”
“Go head,” Maxim grinned when she hesitated.
Oddily behaved like a duck out of water when she entered the store. Her heart started to pound, not knowing why she was there or what to do, except try to become invisible. Fortunately, Nexa glided out from one of the dressing rooms.
“Surprise!” she threw her arms open wide with a captivating smile.
Oddily gave her a tentative grin back. “Wow—I would have never guessed.” She wanted to add, and how awkward, but stared with a half-assed smirk frozen in place.
“What style clothes do you want for school?” Nexa walked over to a table full of designer jeans and held up a pair. “These are cute.”
Confused, Oddily hurried over to the angelic blonde and Nexa took the opportunity to read her thoughts before she breathed a single word.
“Grab whatever you desire, and don’t worry about money. Maxim will pay for it.”
“Maxim wants to buy me clothes for school?”
“That’s the story. So what’s your opinion on these jeans?”
“They’re cute, but with my short hair and…well, I think I’d resemble a little boy.” Oddily paused, then added, “Are you sure what we’re doing is okay?”
“Listen to me, Oddily. Maxim is enjoying this, so please don’t go and spoil it for him.”
Oddily shook her head vehemently. “I could never hurt him, Nexa. I’d die one thousand deaths before allowing that to happen.”
“Good,” she smiled, “because my brother is crazy about you.”
“He is? He truly likes me?”
“Oddily—Maxim is falling in love, and you are the one who is capturing his heart.” After the comment, Nexa knew she had messed up and planned to revise Oddily’s memory, but the redhead was already backing away towards the front door.
“Oh my gosh—oh my gosh—” Oddily repeated over and over again as waves of emotion shot through her body. “Stay right here,” she chirped, with her sweet voice, “and don’t move!”
Oddily ran out of the boutique and made a beeline to the black convertible, trying unsuccessfully to open the driver’s door. Maxim opened it for her, and without warning, she jumped onto his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck for a hug. Maxim was caught off guard by her gesture.
“What is the meaning of this?” he laughed.
“It means—I’m falling in love with you too!” she whispered, “And I know you may not fully love me yet, but I have to tell you how I…”
“…feel,” he finished her sentence. Maxim allowed his laptop to fall to the floor. He couldn’t think. His heart threatened to come through his chest. Nothing seemed to matter in the moment except that this charming girl was falling in love with him.
“Look at me,” he whispered in her ear.
Oddily pulled back for Maxim to gaze into her innocent hazel eyes. Her sweetness pierced him. A pleasure so sharp it was painful even to wipe a tear away from her face. Her eyes closed with his touch, her cheek leaning into the palm of his hand. He felt the moisture of her teardrop and a laugh caught in his throat. All the frustrated compassion he experienced since she invaded his life, all the confusing emotions he had kept locked in his heart came cascading out, submerging him. He no longer needed to question his intentions towards this girl. He was in love.
“The truth of my love for you has surfaced,” he said, thickly. Maxim cupped Oddily’s sweet face into his hands and kissed her gently, sweetly, and with exquisite tenderness. The expression on his handsome face was irresistible.
Her eyes closed. Was she dreaming? Were his poetic words of love truly meant for her? She allowed one eye to peek at Maxim. “You’re still here.”
While Maxim laughed, Oddily knew she had to do something, or she would start to blubber like a baby. She slipped off of his lap and balanced her trembling body with the open door, unaware someone watched from afar.
* * * * * *
Nexa viewed the happy couple from inside the boutique and was chastising herself for bringing them closer together until the store clerk addressed her.
“Is everything all right?”
“I would venture to say, probably not.” Nexa had a bitter taste in her mouth while she stared out the window.
“I unboxed some lovely new items that arrived this morning.”
“May I ask you something?” Nexa changed the subject.
“Of course, you can.”
“Have you ever been in a situation where life was easy, and all of a sudden it turns upside down—never again to be the same because of something or someone?”
The assistant laughed with a knowing nod. “I have many times.”
Nexa showed genuine surprise. “Did you make any attempts to get your old life back?”
The girl became melancholy. “At first I tried everything, but I soon realized you can’t reverse time.”
“Turn back time—hmmm.” Nexa perked up as the last three words struck a chord with her and she laughed despite herself. “I could kiss you right now.”
The sales clerk braced herself, but there was no kiss. Oddily had returned all flushed with a goofy smile on her face and asked, “Do you have any dresses appropriate for school?”
The assistant showed Oddily a cute yellow print sundress. “This would look adorable on you.”
“It’s too young looking,” Oddily spoke above a whisper as her shyness kicked in, but forced herself to say, “I want to appear more my age.”
“If you don’t mind my asking, how old are you?”
“I recently turned eighteen.”
The assistant’s eyes lit up. “Well, Happy Birthday! I swear you look no older than—it doesn’t matter. Let’s find you something more age appropriate.”
Nexa overheard the conversation. Hey brother, did you know Oddily just had a birthday?
No…when?
Recently, and I doubt that she had a birthday party.
Maxim smirked as he thought of the childhood he and Nexa had experienced. What was a celebration of birth when their father came from a place that conquered aging, disease and death?
Oddily placed a lavender dress on the counter and was heading outside to join Maxim when Nexa stopped her, insisting that she pick out more clothes. She ended up with three dresses, two pairs of jeans, a bunch of feminine tops, undergarments, and some accessories. The sneakers with wedged soles were her biggest joy because they made her appear taller, and Nexa threw a small bikini into the mix of clothing even after Oddily refused to try it on for her.
Nexa bought several things for herself as well; however, her taste was different from the norm. There was a clean, simple look about her that gave her a composed grace, as though she came from another time and place. With her angelic features and the serenity of her clothing, she seemed to be able to calm the souls of those around her.
Maxim had been waiting, leaning against his car when Nexa, Oddily and the store assistant came outside. Their arms were full of garment bags and boxes, and he grinned after he saw the joy in Oddily’s face. She looked beautiful in her excitement, and he planned on keeping her that way.
He sauntered over to the back of his car and popped open the trunk, first taking the boxes from Oddily, and then the assistant unloaded her arms. Maxim went to help his sister, but she already had her things under control. Thanks, sis, he gave her a hug.
I’ll see you at home later. Nexa realized her comment sounded more like a demand, but she didn’t care. She needed time alone with him when he wasn’t so distracted.
Maybe, Maxim winked, and then headed over to his car. He opened the door for Oddily, but before she climbed in she turned and grabbed him, burying her face into his chest. “I don’t know how to thank you,” her voice was muffled.
“You already have,” he kissed her on the head, “and, by the way, Happy Birthday!”
Maxim drove out of the parking lot with the next stop in mind—a cell phone for Oddily. But when he noticed her slump in the seat, he became concerned and pulled over to the side of the road. He took her hand into his and asked, “Are you okay?”
“Yes, I think so, but I’m too tired.”
“I’ll take you back to the lodge,” Maxim released her hand and returned to the road.
“You’re not mad at me, are you?”
“Of course not,” he rested his hand on her thigh while butterflies fluttered in her stomach from his gentle touch. “These last twenty four hours have been difficult for you, Oddily. I’m sure you need time to recover.”
“Will you stay with me?” she glanced over at him with pleading eyes.
“I need to run some errands, but I’ll be back in a few hours.”
Oddily tried to give him a peck on his cheek, but Maxim turned his head at the last minute and planted one on her lips. 
“Mmmm, you bought some of that good tasting lip-gloss. What flavor is this one?”
“Watermelon,” she beamed, and then became serious. “Are we headed for the bungalow?”
“Yes, for today.”
Oddily was glad, because the idea of going back to the custodian’s office left a dreadful sadness in her.
After Maxim had dropped her off at the bungalow with a soft, lingering kiss goodbye, Oddily wouldn’t rest until she had put all her new things away. When everything was in its place, she happily dressed into one of the new outfits along with her favorite tennis shoes. Truthfully, she wanted to wear everything at once, but decided to sit on the bed and enjoy what she had put on. Every few minutes, she jumped up and touched the clothing to make sure they were real; but eventually, even that became too much of an effort and she fell into a sound, dreamless sleep.




CHAPTER 28

It was hard for Maxim to leave Oddily at the bungalow. She remained a mystery to him—her heart and soul as charming as her sweet, pixie face. All the ugliness of her life had not taken this away, and she shined in her lonely existence; but her loneliness was about to change. He was determined to find a way to bring her into his world and share the unimaginable mystery of who he was and what he was to become.
After completing all of his errands, Maxim headed back to the bungalow. He found Oddily on the bed fast asleep and smiled when he saw high-sneakers on her feet. He stepped back into the main room and grabbed the Chinese food he brought from town. A short time later, Oddily entered the room with half opened eyes.
“Hi,” she smiled dreamily.
“Hello, sleepyhead—did you miss me?” he cocked his head at her.
“Sure, if I hadn’t fallen asleep.”
“Are you hungry?”
“I’m starved,” she rushed over to the food containers and gasped when Maxim grabbed her, pulling her onto his lap. His lips slowly began to trace her jaw line from her earlobe to her chin. She allowed her head to fall back as he followed the contour of her neck to the hollow of her throat. His kisses were tender causing her body to tremble.
Suddenly, he pulled away from her. “I hope you like Chinese food.”
Oddily, flushed and breathless, took a seat on the couch, and ate in silence until she eyed a booklet on the coffee table. It was from the ‘Department of Motor Vehicles’.
“What’s this for?” she picked up the pamphlet and flipped through the pages.
“I got it for you,” he said between mouthfuls. “Monday, after school, we’ll go and get your driver’s permit.”
“But I don’t own a car,” she stared at him perplexed.
Maxim stood up, then pulled Oddily to her feet, and guided her to the front door. He waited at the doorway, allowing her to step out first, and had to plug his ears when she spotted the brand new car with a large red bow. Oddily screamed with such shock and delight at seeing the tag with her name, she drew quite a bit of attention from others strolling by.
Oddily ran over and circled the car several times with her hands clasped over her mouth. It was one of those adorable Smart cars in a beautiful shade of crayon green.
Maxim opened the door for her. “Get in, and let me know what you think.”
After taking a seat behind the wheel, Oddily began to squeal some more while viewing the interior. She couldn’t believe this was happening to her. This had to be a dream.
“Ouch!” she rubbed her arm.
“What happened?”
“I pinched myself, and I’m really awake.”
“Do you like the color?” He flashed a gratifying smile at her.
“It’s perfect,” she started to cry.
“I hope those are tears of joy,” he gazed upon her with tenderness.
“Oh, Maxim,” Oddily jumped out and fell into his arms. “I am so happy!”
“How about we go for a ride?” Another squeal erupted, and Maxim took her new outburst to mean, yes.
Pulling out onto the road, Maxim explained what the various dashboard gadgets were, and Oddily became an eager student. He encouraged her to explore for herself the stereo, heater, air conditioner, lights, windshield wipers, and she discovered that what appeared so complicated wasn’t hard at all with a hand on approach.
“What type of music is your favorite, Maxim?”
“Classical.”
Oddily attempted to remember what that sounded like with no luck. “I’m not sure I know what Classical is.”
“Here, let me give you a sample.” Maxim pushed a button and an ensemble of music blared in the car. A symphony of musical instruments created a dramatic effect. “This is Mozart. What do you think?”
“The sound is so sophisticated.”
“How about you—what do you listen to?”
“Mostly pop music because Starla plays it all the time.”
Maxim you must come home immediately, his sister’s pleading voice invaded him.
Why, what’s wrong?
We have three trespassers.
Sure there is, Maxim wasn’t alarmed. He believed this was a ploy to make sure he came home tonight.
No, I’m being serious! Listen to me; I’m not even going to explain myself. Just drive down the length of the outer boundary to our property along Meadow Road; and believe me, you can’t miss what I want to show you. I’ll wait for you at that location and please come alone.
Maxim’s happy mood shattered knowing he had to shorten his time with Oddily, and considered how he was going to tell her. Could he honestly risk telling her the truth about him and his sister’s telepathic gift, and that Nexa needed him right now? And could he admit that his sister didn’t want Oddily to come with him without jeopardizing her fragile feelings? No—not yet. He shook his head in frustration and chose to remain evasive.
“I need to take you back to the lodge now,” he gave Oddily a sideways glance.
“Sure,” she smiled brightly, as she fidgeted with the stereo. Hip-Hop music started to blast through the speakers.
“I’m going to have to call it a day,” Maxim’s voice showed his disappointment as he turned the car around.
“Oh!” Saddened by his statement, Oddily lowered the sound of a song she had been enjoying.
Maxim felt like a jerk for his less than tactful approach and wondered why his advanced IQ was failing him.
“Is everything okay?” She tilted her sweet face up to him, touching his arm.
“Yes—fine,” he forced a smile and gave her a quick kiss. “Some unexpected business has come up.”
Oddily accepted his explanation with her usual graciousness and continued to search radio stations, but the trip back to the lodge remained quiet, except for the youthful melody of Pop music. Maxim would have enjoyed the upbeat sound, but his mood became ominous as he silently mulled over his hush-hush existence. How long would he have to keep his secret life from her?
It wasn’t until Oddily stood at the door of her bungalow that Maxim spoke, handing over the keys to her new car and a hundred dollar bill. “Here, dinner’s on me.”
“Maxim, don’t feel bad.”
A lump formed in his throat because of Oddily’s show of concern.
“You are so damn sweet,” he murmured, grabbing her worried face into his hands and kissing her hard—then he was gone. 
* * * * * *
Maxim drove along Meadow Road looking for whatever he supposedly was to run into and sure enough, he couldn’t miss the site. He pulled into the makeshift dirt parking lot and Nexa was at his side when he climbed out of the car.
What’s all this? He stuck his hands in his pocket as he surveyed the primitive rides, game booths and concession stands.
The event is called, Carnival.
Are they the trespassers? Maxim appeared to be perturbed because, in truth the festivity wasn’t on their property.
Let me explain, Nexa began. I was in the control room and from one of the monitors I noticed three guys messing with Mighty Joe. The tank was already on shut down for the night, so I decided to sit back and observe them. I didn’t have to watch long before they became bored and returned to the carnival.
Good—I assume you moved Mighty Joe after they left.
Of course, I did.
Maxim glanced up at the Farris wheel and pointed, that must be how they viewed our property. Have you found out how long this amusement site is going to be here?
Yes, they pack up everything early Monday morning.
Good, we’ll keep the adjacent land on lockdown until they go. Now, what about the three trespassers? How did they get over the barrier?
Nexa pointed to the location. They pulled their truck up to that giant tree over there and used the hood of the cab to climb over.
That was easy. Maxim frowned. Others will do the same unless we can get a hold of them before they spread the word.
Relax, Nexa smiled, smugly. I already found them, and their memories have been altered.
So we’re done here. Maxim’s spirits lifted at the thought of returning to Oddily.
No…I don’t want you to go. Nexa read his mind and started to pout. You’ve been ignoring me ever since you laid eyes on that girl.
You’re jealous! Maxim laughed at this outrageous realization and his heart softened. I give in. What do you want to do?
Maxim watched his sister reach over and give him a hug. He understood the difficult time she had about sharing him, especially when all these years she had him to herself. He needed to be sensitive to her feelings, as well as Oddily’s.




CHAPTER 29

Oddily curled up on the couch and studied the driver’s manual until her stomach growled in protest. She stood up and stretched, knowing she needed to eat something, and glanced at the disarray of leftover Chinese food still on the coffee table. She crinkled her nose and chose to dine at the lodge restaurant even though she would feel embarrassed to dine amongst a bunch of strangers.
After shoving the hundred dollars that Maxim gave her into her back pocket, Oddily headed down the cobblestone path to the main lodge. She noticed she was moving at a snails pace, dragging her heels, and no wonder! Who in their right mind wanted to eat alone?
“But I eat by myself all the time,” she reminded herself, as her soft voice carried through the air. “Surely this will be no different from eating in the school cafeteria.”
Somewhat comforted by her analogy, Oddily hesitated when she arrived at the large doorway to the lodge.  People tried to move around her, arriving and leaving the lodge, but she continued to stand there in a state of indecision.
“Miss?” an employee rushed to her side. “Are you joining us, or leaving?”
“I’m entering,” she smiled.
“Then, would you mind stepping inside? The door sensors can’t detect whether to open or close.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Oddily suddenly realized what the attendant meant. She could clearly hear the doors making a strange noise in their track and jumped out of its way, allowing the sliding doors to close behind her. She headed over to the restaurant’s reservation desk and was about to ask for a seat at the counter when she heard her name. 
She glanced over her shoulder and caught sight of Pepper with her best friend Carrie, along with an older woman. Pepper beckoned her to come and join them, so Oddily obeyed even though she knew they would bring up what happened at the dance. A sense of doom filled her petite body as she approached. If the truth were to be known, she would rather have ignored them. They were never going be her friends, so why bother!? Besides, she had Maxim now. She didn’t need anyone else.
“Hey girl, cute outfit.” Pepper gave Oddily the once over. “Did you get those jeans at ‘Popular Chic’?”
“Yes.” Oddily tentatively smiled when there was no mention of the dance. 
“We’re headed over to the carnival as soon as my aunt Kizzy is settled in her room.”
“You girls run along,” the older woman waved her hand as though she were shooing at flies. “Your mom will be here in a bit which gives me just enough time to freshen up.”
Pepper hugged and kissed her aunt before turning to Oddily. “I want you to join us.”
“Me?” The invitation caused Oddily to be more excited than cautious, but frowned after a quick reality check.  “What if I run into someone from school?”
“We’ve got your back, girl.” Pepper stepped up to Oddily and put an arm around her. “Come on, the three of us will have a blast.”
“Do you think there will be anything to eat?” Oddily didn’t know how to respond to Pepper’s display of friendship and was surprisingly relieved when Pepper removed her arm.
“There’s plenty of comfort food, unless you’re on a diet.”
That did it. Food became the driving force to get Oddily into the back seat of Pepper’s black SUV, and they drove off with hip-hop music blaring out of every open window. The exuberance coming from Pepper and Carrie was infectious as Oddily listened to them sing along to the tunes. They bobbed their head’s and waved their arm’s out the top of the sunroof, honking at every car full of cute boys they passed.
Oddily decided to join in on the fun and opened her mouth to sing with them, rocking from side to side while tapping on her thighs. She watched Carrie’s brown shoulder length hair whip around her head from the open windows and, for the first time, she was glad to have short hair. All she could feel was a slight tickle across her forehead and at the nape of her neck. Surely, with the way Pepper smiled, she felt the same way about her own shorter style.
“Look, the Ferris wheel!” Pepper pointed out the window.
Oddily’s sweet face wore such an expression of astonishment, it exposed the simple fact that she had never been to a carnival before. Music poured from the loudspeakers filling the evening air. The rides had strings of red and blue lights that bobbed in the warm spring breeze. The gentle wind carried the sweet scent of cotton candy and freshly popped popcorn to her nose. Mmmm…food!
After Pepper had parked, the three of them got out and walked through the fair grounds. Pepper and Carrie shared gossip as best friends usually do, while Oddily remained silent gawking at everything. Whenever she recognized anyone from school, she turned away. She did, however, watch a bunch of ‘junior high’ students gather around a dart-throwing booth, goofing around and pretending to throw darts at one another. She smiled to herself at their display of fun, and even giggled when a group of young boys happily raced past her.
“Where is the House of Mirrors?” she overheard one of them ask.
“No, I want to ride the Roller Coaster,” another boy insisted.
While Oddily followed Pepper and Carrie, the Ferris wheel covered with white lights came into full view with a long procession of kids waiting for their turn.
“Let’s get into line.” Carrie excitedly picked up her pace.
Oddily kept up with them as her belly growled a new round of protest.
“Was that you, girl?” Pepper overheard the loud gurgling sound.
“I need something to eat,” Oddily admitted, rubbing her stomach.
“Damn girl…go get some food. We’ll stay right here until you return.”
“Are you sure?” Oddily hesitated.
Pepper studied Oddily for a minute before turning to Carrie, “Hey girlfriend, save us a place in line.”
“What sounds good to you?” Pepper asked while heading for the food stands. “There are hotdogs, caramel apples, snow cones, cotton candy, French fries….”
“A hotdog sounds good.” Oddily walked faster than usual to keep up with Pepper.
“Hey girl, how are you?” Pepper’s bubbly personality greeted someone Oddily had never seen before.
Oddily stopped and tried to wait patiently for Pepper, but she became fidgety inside as though she wanted to jump out of her own skin. She desperately needed food, and didn’t know how to excuse herself without being rude. After all, Pepper and Carrie had befriended her, and she refused to mess things up.
Oddily held on to her noble idea of waiting until a kid walked by shoving buttered popcorn into his mouth. That was the last straw! She threw all politeness to the wind and ran over to the hotdog stand, pulled out her hundred dollar bill, and plopped it on the counter. “I would like one hotdog, please.”
The franchise employee, who wore a red and white stripped hat, glanced at the bill and shoved it back at her. “I ain’t got enough change. Ya got somethin’ smaller?”
“No, I’m sorry,” she stared at him with a frantic look of dismay.
“Can’t help ya kid….next!”
Oddily rejoined Pepper who had finished her friendly visit.
“Wow, you eat fast,” she laughed.
“He wouldn’t take my money,” Oddily held out the hundred dollar bill.”
“Put that away,” she ordered with a quick glance around. “You can’t go waving that much money around here. It’s not safe!”
Suddenly, Oddily felt stupid after realizing the truth of Pepper’s advice and put the money in her pocket.
Pepper reached into her purse and pulled out a twenty dollar bill. “Here…go get your hotdog, or whatever else you want and pay me back Monday.”
Oddily gave Pepper a hug. “You are the best. Thank you.”
Oddily rushed back for her hotdog, fries, and coke. At first she couldn’t eat fast enough to reduce her hunger, but soon she became full and a little woozy as they rejoined Carrie. Pepper’s friend had ridden the Farris wheel three times while waiting for them and was going for her fourth.
When it was their turn, Oddily watched Pepper and Carrie squeeze into one seat, trying to make room for her. As much as they tried, it would have been too crowded, so Oddily declined. She waited for the next lift, and within moments was lifted into the sky.
Halfway up, the car jerked to a stop. Oddily cried out, her body tossing forward while it rocked back and forth.
“Are you okay?” Carrie called out to her.
“Fine,” she squeaked while clutching the safety bar. She pressed her backside against the seat as the Ferris wheel moved again carrying her to the top. Oddily glanced down at the grounds of the carnival. Below, she viewed an array of festive lights from all the rides and game booths, plus the murmur of a growing crowd as the fullness of night presented itself.
Oddily swallowed hard as the car began its descent, making its slow steady circle, and suddenly cringed at the notion of going around again.
“Are you all right?" This time, Pepper called out to her with a note of concern when Oddily’s face twisted in a grimace.
“Yes, I…I don’t think I’m fond of heights.”
“What?—I can’t hear you!”
Oddily nodded her head with exaggeration and Pepper gave her the okay sign with her fingers.
Once again the Ferris wheel jerked to a halt to allow more people on, and this time Oddily shrank in her seat after she saw who came aboard. It was Paul, and he caught her staring at him.
Please let me fade away, her thoughts screamed when Paul waved at her after pulling down the safety bar. She ducked and bit her lower lip.
The car descended and was about to go another round when Oddily called out to the carnival employee and begged him to let her off. Thankfully, he heard her and after jumping out, she took a deep breath and rejected an urge to kiss the ground.
Oddily waited for her new friends and surprisingly, Pepper and Carrie looked like the bearers of grim news.
“Oddily…we’ve got something to tell you.” Pepper wrapped her arm around her shoulder and led her behind one of the game booths. Oddily glanced first at Pepper, then at Carrie wondering why the change in mood.
“What’s wrong?” Oddily stopped and pulled away.
Pepper gave Carrie an uneasy glance, but her best friend just shrugged, “She’s going to find out anyway.”
“You’re right. Okay, listen Oddily—Maxim’s here with a girl.” Pepper spoke so fast, her words ran together until she finished with, “We spotted them from the ride.”
“Oh!” Stunned, Oddily became numb all over.
“Girl, you have to get over that jerk!”
“Don’t call him a jerk,” Oddily’s typically arched brows furrowed with sudden anger.
“Show her,” Carrie became annoyed by her defensive stance.
Pepper reluctantly agreed. “Come on…we’ll let you view them for yourself.”
The girls led Oddily out from behind the booth and pointed in the direction of the cotton candy machine. Oddily’s heart leaped in her chest when she spotted Maxim with his sister examining the fluffy, pink, sugary stuff on a cardboard cone. He must not have liked it, because he spit it out after only one taste and threw the rest in the trash. They both talked and laughed with one another and Oddily couldn’t help but wish for the time when he would enjoy himself like that with her.
“That’s Maxim’s sister,” Oddily smiled.
“I didn’t know he had a sister,” Pepper laughed as she curiously stared at the couple, “but now that you mention it, they do look alike.”
“Maxim…Maxim!” Pepper waved to get his attention.
Maxim’s head turned to the sound of Pepper’s voice and nodded her way, but then turned his back to her.
“He’s not very social,” Pepper complained, turning to the others. “Hey Carrie, where’s Oddily?”
“I think she ducked behind the dart booth.”
“What are you doing back here?” The girls spoke like one when they found her.
Oddily suddenly felt foolish. “Maxim told me he had business tonight, so I don’t want to disturb him.”
“Girl, you have a right to be here,” Pepper became forceful.  “Your presence isn’t going to disrupt him from doing his business, whatever the hell that is.”
Then a disturbing thought came to Pepper’s mind. What if Maxim had decided he didn’t like Oddily after all, and blew her off with his lame excuse? It was a possibility that she decided to keep to herself. “Okay, we’ll hang out over by the carousel where we can still keep an eye on them, but they can’t see us.”
“I’d rather wait in the car if you don’t mind,” Oddily’s sweet voice sounded exceptionally low.
“Hell yes, I mind!” Pepper took Oddily by the shoulders and playfully shook her. “Girl, I’m going to help you grow some balls!”
“Excuse me?” Oddily’s head snapped to attention.
With one girl on each arm, Pepper and Carrie escorted Oddily back out into the open all the while fretting over what Pepper meant by growing balls. She was a female and had no interest in acting masculine.
“Hold your head up and pretend you don’t see them,” Carrie barked at her like a drill sergeant.
“Yeah, and act confident,” it was Pepper’s turn. “He’s got to believe that you’re fine with or without him.”
Oddily followed their instructions and became increasingly uncomfortable with her two new friends bombarding her with advice, telling her what to say and how to react if Maxim and his sister spotted her and came over. Certainly, their intentions were good, but what they suggested was for her to become someone other than who she was.
Suddenly, Oddily pulled away from their grip and spoke with a quivering voice. “I’m sorry to sound so ungrateful, but you two will never be able to change me. What can I say? My birth is a life sentence.”
Pepper and Carrie had stared at each other in disbelief before Pepper spoke. “I’m so sorry, Oddily. We were just trying to help you, girl.”
Oddily glanced down at her feet, feeling uncomfortable for complaining and wanted to make amends. “I’m the one who should be sorry for my rudeness.”
“Hey, sometimes a girl has to stand up for herself. We’re cool with that!”
“Hey, do you guys want to ride the carousel?” Oddily was hopeful.
“Now you’re talking,” Carrie snickered.
“Yeah, you two go ahead. I’ll catch up in a minute.”
Pepper momentarily lost her perkiness while she kept an eye on the parking lot until Maxim and his sister pulled away in their expensive cars.




CHAPTER 30

At home, Maxim and Nexa lounged on white molded chairs, studying their next move while playing a holographic game of chess.
“Pawn G2 to G4,” the chess piece moved on Maxim’s command.
Nexa eyed the board. “Knight F6 to G4...Gotcha,” his pawn disappeared.
“Bishop C1 to A3,” the hologram moved Maxim’s piece into position.
“Knight E7 to D5,” after Nexa knocked out another one of her brother’s pawns, she got up and stomped out of the room.
What happened? Maxim followed her to her bedroom and was blindsided when she turned on him.
All evening your mind has been on some stupid car crash. Tonight is supposed to be my time, but all I get is your physical presence. This isn’t fair, Maxim!
I’m sorry, sis. Come here and give me a hug.
No, not until I get an explanation.
Maxim paused. I’m warning you. You’re not going to like what’s on my mind.
Try me. She folded her arms over her chest.
Okay…Earlier today, while you two shopped for clothes, I searched the Internet and found an article about the incident that left Oddily an orphan.
Nexa promptly rolled her eyes in exasperation.
Stop that and let me finish.
It’s fine with me, but make this quick.
The accident happened here, on our property, near the National Forest boundary line. No wall barriers were there yet, so the car skidded off onto our land, hitting a tree.
Nexa kept her promise by remaining quiet, so Maxim continued.
Whoever drove the car disappeared without leaving a trace. 
And you’re wondering what happened. Nexa became intrigued, as well.
Later on, after I came home to change clothes, I located the place where the accident happened.
Nexa smirked. Now, I suppose you’re going to ask me to return to that moment in time.
Maxim paused with uncertainty. I was considering the possibility, and yet, I’m not comfortable with the idea. What if something goes wrong and you can’t find your way back?
Oh, how sweet, Nexa smiled and gave him a hug. You do care about me.
Of course, I do! He playfully growled in her ear while giving her a bear hug.
I can’t breathe! She laughed, struggling out of his hold.
Sis, I’ve made my decision. I can’t ask you to do that for me when there’s a risk involved.
Listen…if my travels were somewhere other than home, I would agree with you, but our property is where I do all my practicing.
Do you mean that you stay right here on our land while you go back in time? The notion left Maxim perplexed.
Yes, I have been enjoying visits with father, watching him interact with us throughout our youth.
Ha…have you sp…spoken to him? Maxim stuttered for perhaps the first time in his life.
No. I’ve been hiding until I understand what I can or can’t do safely. When did this calamity happen?
Maxim scanned his memory. It occurred on May 16, 1990, at approximately 10:30 pm.
Hmmm, its 10:05 right now, Nexa’s beautiful blue eyes squinted in contemplation.
Why are you shutting me out? Maxim nudged her arm when he couldn’t read her thoughts.
Without warning, the air started to change becoming thicker and harder to breathe. What’s happening, sis? Talk to me!
The atmosphere around Nexa began to illuminate. Maxim tried to back away from the strong current of energy, but she grabbed his hand and yelled, Hold on tight! 
Had a shadow fallen across the room, or did the lights abruptly go out? He still heard the faint sound of Beethoven in the background, but the music became muffled by the loud noise of rushing wind. Then total darkness came and with it, the absence of all sound…gone in a flash.
The grip on his sister’s hand began to weaken, and when he tried to squeeze it tighter he had nothing left to grip. He screamed for her. Whether his outburst was to help him, or to support her—he wasn’t sure. Her name seemed to fling back down his throat, and he began to choke.
He was entirely alone, losing the protection of his sister’s hand. Nexa was nowhere, either to save or to turn to for comfort. He was alone in a fragment of nothingness— no light, or sound. Where was his body? He tried to move in his panic, but he had nothing to move. Light and sound had vanished, and so did he. The physical Maxim ceased to exist.
He was dead, or so he thought until he felt his limbs again. His legs and arms started to tingle, as though they had been asleep. He tried to blink, knowing that he had somehow remained alive and yet nothing else was.
The experience wasn’t as basic as darkness, or absence of sound. Darkness had a tangible quality where the world of things still existed around you. He, however, became lost in a horrifying void. It was the same way with silence. This was more than that. The deaf sensed vibrations. Here, there was nothing at all.
Suddenly he became aware of his heart beating rapidly in his chest. Had it stopped before? What had made it start again? The tingling in his arms and legs grew stronger, and he felt the beginnings of some movement. He hoped he was coming back into himself.
Maxim! He heard his sister’s voice as his surroundings grew brighter. Her body wavered in front of his eyes appearing as though she were under water. The brightness began to dim until Nexa appeared to be normal, bending over him with a towel wrapped around her.
Nexa! He gasped.
I’m right here. She spoke, but her words sounded strangely detached.
I made it! He moaned. His heart continued to leap wildly in his chest, and then anger engulfed him. Damn you, Nexa! You scared the crap out of me, grabbing me that way without any warning.
So, what do you think? She ignored his grievance. How did you like the experience?
Terrifying and horrible, he complained.
Nexa smiled. I swear it gets easier.
After we get back, there will be no next time. Maxim sat up and eyed their new surroundings.
His attention was first drawn to the walls, resembling the night sky filled with twinkling stars. Then, he eyed the brightly colored butterflies glowing in the dark like beautiful dancing nightlights. They fluttered above two small pods likened to futuristic beds. Maxim’s eyes grew wide with excitement at the remembrance of the butterflies. The dim lights were soothing before falling asleep each night.
I find it hard to believe that we’re here, sis. Eighteen years into the past and our young selves are sleeping in those beds!
Desiring a closer look, he tried to stand, but Nexa stayed him with her hand.
Calm down and don’t make any sudden moves. You’ll wake us up.
Maxim remained still while his mind continued to race. He had survived time travel! Nexa succeeded in creating a vacuum of space to open a rift. The wormhole enabled them to, particle-by-particle, slip into another timeline. He couldn’t comprehend the repercussions of what this meant and at that moment, he didn’t have to try. Nexa distracted him with a tap on his arm. She beckoned him to follow.
Maxim quietly got to his feet, and for the first time, he realized he was naked. He cupped his hands over his manhood as he joined his sister at the pods and stared down at the toddlers. They appeared to be no more than two years old, resting in a moderate temperature for optimum comfort.
What happened to our clothes, sis? 
Good question, she handed him a towel while staring at her small self. I’ve never been here at night.
This is unbelievable. Maxim shook his head while covering himself. I can barely accept this is happening.
I know, and I wish we had time to let this sink in for you, but time is running out. If you want to know what happened to cause Oddily’s orphaned fate, we need to act now.
Then let’s go. Maxim headed for the doorway, but stopped when he overheard a noise. Someone’s coming!
Come with me! Maxim grabbed Nexa by the arm and found a hiding place in the hygiene room. They waited until the humming sound of their former nursemaid, Mollee came into the bedroom.
The monitors must have given us away, sis.
Relax, there’s no monitor’s yet.  This timeline happened only three years after father arrived. At this point, everything is still under construction.
Damn, this is strange!
I sympathize with you. Nexa placed her arm around him. The first time was weird for me too.
Maxim and Nexa were relieved when Mollee left after checking on their young selves. Running out of time, they stumbled with their bare feet over to the crash site. They hardly had a moment to spare, scampering to hide behind a boulder, when the screeching of breaks and the loud, ear shattering sound of the crash echoed through the night.
Besides the frantic cry of an infant, the car horn blared along with the smell of rubber and gas. After Maxim had jumped out from behind the boulder, he froze in place when he viewed the tangled mess of metal. “No…no way!”
Shush! Nexa stepped out and grabbed his arm while she eyed the disaster for herself. You’re right. That is nasty!
Maxim had rushed over to the wreckage before Nexa thought to stop him.
Don’t touch anything, she warned, refusing to follow. The thought of witnessing any blood or gore made her stomach churn.
Maxim stared into the smashed window at the driver; a young female no older than him was slumped over the steering wheel. The girl resembling Oddily appeared to be seriously hurt. She was moaning inaudibly, so he leaned closer.
“My baby…my baby,” she repeated over and over again.
Tears filled Maxim’s eyes, and he started to cry. It was the most helpless, hopeless feeling he had ever experienced while his attention rested upon Oddily, the hysterical infant, in the back seat. He desperately wanted to pick her up and save her from the future she was about to endure, but he stayed strong and continued to do nothing. “Your baby is going to be all right,” he whispered to the mother. “I’ll take good care of her, I promise.”
All of a sudden, the sound of foliage started to rustle in the distance. Maxim bolted back to where his sister waited, and once again hid behind the boulder.
Nexa grabbed his shoulders. Listen to me, Maxim. Quiet your mind until I speak again.
Maxim nodded because he also suspected what Nexa feared and focused on quieting his mind with a method their father taught them as children.
The sound came closer while the two huddled together in complete silence. The dreaded visitors, whom they suspected, came out into the clearing. The first one to appear was the humanoid, Tinley, closely followed by its creator, Nero.
Maxim struggled to keep his mind activity under control while he gazed upon his father. Nero still looked like a twenty year old, except for his bald head. This ageless man was a human tree in height, and his impressive body had flawless skin appearing to be thin and translucent with a bluish tinge. Maxim’s feelings screamed with a mixture of yearning and anger towards him, but he managed to keep his thoughts immobile while he spied on them.
Tinley removed Oddily’s mother from the car and took off running in the same direction they had come. Nero stayed, gathering Oddily up in his arms and rocked her gently back and forth until the headlights of another car stopped and someone climbed out. 
“I’m calling for help,” the stranger called out.
Nero paused for a moment as if deciding something, then placed Oddily back into the wreckage. After gathering up the woman’s purse, a diaper bag, and the contents from the glove compartment, he backed off into the night.
Maxim didn’t need his sister to poke him this time to follow. His instincts became razor-sharp while they managed to pursue from afar, finding themselves headed back to Stafford Manor. When Nero disappeared inside the residence, they continued to watch him through the windows to find out in what direction he went. He headed for Maxim’s workshop, the garage on the west side of the structure.
Maxim led Nexa to the backside of the house and quietly entered the kitchen area adjacent to where Nero had disappeared. Fortunately, the doorway leading to what someday would become one of his workshops had been left wide open. The two were astounded by what they saw.  It looked more like a futuristic, ‘high tech’ lab with equipment that neither Maxim nor his sister had ever seen before.
After ducking behind the large center island of the kitchen, they had a perfect view of Oddily’s semi-conscious mother laid out on the table. Nero busily entered a code on the keypad to scan her body.
The results were instantaneous, because Nero gave his diagnosis. “The frontal lobe to her brain is hemorrhaging.  Hurry, download her memory before we run out of time.”
The humanoid, a.k.a. Tinley, retrieved a metal object with blinking lights and pressed the small device to the right temple of the woman. As soon as he did, her eyes began to flutter rapidly.
“Stay with us,” Nero tapped her cheek gently. “Come on…stay with us for a few more minutes.”
“Almost done,” Tinley reported.
“We’re losing blood pressure!” Nero hurried to another control panel and prepared himself.
“It is finished!” Tinley removed the device and stepped back.
Nero’s fingers flew across the keyboard as an electrical dome shaped shield appeared over the dying body. Then, a laser beam of light started to scan the girl from her head, down to her feet.
“We’ve got her!” Nero looked pleased as the humming noise quieted and the shield disappeared.
“And just in time,” the humanoid added, handing him the small device. “We have lost her.”
“Thank you Tinley, you have done well as usual. Go ahead and preserve her body.”
Maxim’s heart sank in his chest. Oddily’s mother was dead. She died right before his eyes and at the hands of his own father. The disbelief and anger welling up in him became palpable. He struggled to keep his mind from lashing out at the man he used to admire. Now he knew what those cyber tanks in his workshop were used for because Oddily’s mother was now submerged in one. It was an eerie sight to see the naked body floating around in an unidentified fluid, and Maxim needed to turn his head before he lost the contents of his stomach. He couldn’t allow this heartless fiend to know that he and his sister watched.
Instead, he kept his eye on Nero who nonchalantly walked over to the purse and diaper bag and spied on him rummaging through it. His father appeared to have no adverse reaction regarding what had just occurred while he found what he searched for, the woman’s driver’s license. This seemed to satisfy him as he returned to the control panel of the scanning table and removed a disk.
Nexa put her arm around Maxim to try and comfort him as the two continued to view the horror unfolding before them. Nero went to another sophisticated computer placing the disk and the device Tinley had given him into the machine, and downloaded its data. After removing just the blinking device, he went to stand in front of two inoperative androids, one in which they knew well. It was to become their future nanny, Willa.
Maxim wished he understood what his father was thinking or doing, but Nero’s thoughts were in a dialect that he had never heard before. All he could do was to stay hidden while Nero chose Willa and plugged the device into the back of its head.
The android slowly started to move its wrist while coming to artificial life. The head moved slightly as if waking from a long slumber. The left arm rose, and it seemed to stare at its fingers just before the metal body started to thrash about with its limbs. If it weren’t for the iron restraints, the machine would have gone berserk.
“Calm down, Willa.” Nero ordered.
“What has happened to me?” the computer-generated voice spoke. “I can’t breathe! I have no heartbeat!”
“You’re alive,” Nero assured her. “I was able to save you.”
“My baby,” the machine pleaded in a human way. “Where’s my baby?”
“She’ll be fine,” Nero declared. “Your daughter has been rescued.”
Nero’s head snapped towards the kitchen when someone’s voice cried out. “Who’s there?” he demanded, lunging through the open doorway, but the room was empty except for two bath towels and two pairs of shoes that belonged to him. Nero smiled to himself while Tinley joined him to view the remains. 
“Your children will someday follow in your footsteps, master.”
“Yes, apparently you’re right.”




CHAPTER 31

Maxim and Nexa landed in a heap on the kitchen floor of the Stafford Manor and coughed from the dust threatening to choke them.
“We’re back!” Maxim cried out when he realized he returned in one piece and swore never to travel though time again.  He would rather spend a normal unparalleled life, in Oddily’s chaotic world.
What’s wrong? Nexa noticed Maxim behaving strangely.
What do you think, he got to his feet. My girlfriend’s dead mother is our former nanny, Willa!
I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have dragged you along with me.
All those years and Willa never breathed a word, sis.
Nexa began to fear for her brother while watching him unravel at the seams.
No wonder Willa seemed so real to us—she was!
Settle down Maxim. She still is—just not in an ordinary way.
I need to help her, and she must be told about Oddily!
Breathe, Maxim. You’re becoming too emotional.
Maxim tried to do as Nexa suggested until nausea began to overwhelm him.
Everything is going to turn out OK. Nexa went to wrap her arms around her brother, but caught herself when she remembered their nakedness. Look, dawn is only a few hours away and I’m exhausted. We can discuss this in the morning.
Go ahead, sis, he struggled with sudden weakness. I’ll be along soon.
Nexa left and was almost to the underground tunnel when she overheard Maxim cry out in surprise. She tried to connect with him telepathically, but their link was broken.
“Maxim!” she screamed, only this time it was out loud. She ran back to the kitchen and stopped short when he wasn’t there.
Where are you?! Her musical voice echoed off the walls fading into absolute silence. She continued to cry out in fear while her instincts warned her of her brother’s danger.
Her intuition was right. Maxim had in some way returned to the timeline where he and his sister had just traveled. In his weakness, Maxim clutched at the kitchen counter in an effort to keep from falling. His vision began to distort while he listened to his father comforting the distressed, whimpering Willa inside the adjoining room.
“I made a complete copy of you, Willa,” Nero’s deep voice sounded soothing as he spoke. “I recovered your memory capturing all personal data.”
The synthetic voice wailed in response.
“I know this is hard, but hear me out. I scanned and mapped your organic brain in detail before you died and copied its structure into an advanced data device. This mechanism is now plugged into your new cybernetic brain, do you understand?”
“No, no, no!”
“I did the same with your body, downloading a replica of your features and body type,” then Nero paused. “There’s just one problem. I need one missing component to transform you into a perfect clone of yourself, and then you’ll be free to live your life here with me.”
Maxim experienced a surge of relief when he realized Nero had a compassionate heart after all. His father wanted to save Willa’s life and with only moments to spare, did the unthinkable to maintain her existence. Why couldn’t he have done that for his mother?
Suddenly, Maxim’s facial features distorted, and in a moment of panic called out to the man he loved before collapsing to the floor, “Father!”
Maxim’s voice sounded weak, but the thud of his body was loud. Nero raced over to the nude male sprawled out on the kitchen floor and recognized him to be his son.
Nero gathered him up into his arms and carried him to the same scanning table used for Oddily’s mother. He placed the palms of his hands above his sons flesh and started his own unique body scan. It was as he suspected. Maxim had traveled though time before his genetics were fully developed, and his molecular structure was shutting down. Nero knew what he must do regardless of the consequences, and it needed to be done quickly.
“Tinley, hook me up. I need to transfuse some of my blood into him…hurry!”
Tinley inserted a needle into one of Nero’s blood vessels and filled a syringe full of his blood. When finished, Nero went to work separating the blood components until he found what he needed to stabilize Maxim’s immature system.
“Don’t die on me son,” Nero’s voice sounded fierce with emotion. He started to transfuse his strong building block DNA into his son.
“Father…I…can’t…” Maxim went into terrifying convulsions on the table.
“Tinley, grab his shoulders while I hold down his legs.”
Maxim panicked while his body thrashed; and the fire raging through his veins brought every nerve ending to attention. The agonizing pain was overwhelming, and he cried out for Oddily just before passing out.
* * * * * *
Hours later, when Maxim awakened, his senses were keenly sensitive. He slowly sat up and looked around with an unusually clear, sharp mind, while a finely tuned sensitivity to his body caused him to feel intense stimulations.
What did you do to me? Maxim stared up at his father.
I saved your life.
But why do I feel so differently?
I had to advance your genetics to full maturity.  His head bobbed up and down as if agreeing with himself. Your body has successfully stabilized the molecular structure after the shift.
Something happened to me during my movement through time with Nexa, didn’t it!?
Yes…you both behaved irresponsibly.
We had no choice, Father. In the future, you leave us without guidance.
I wouldn’t do such a thing to my children! 
Argue if you want, but you did!
Nero became curious. Tell me, what happened.
One day, out of the blue, you informed us you needed to leave for awhile because of a secret project.
Interesting, his father nodded. How old were you two when I left?
We were fourteen.
Nero shook his head. I’m surprised by this. Leaving you before full maturity doesn’t sound like a choice I would intentionally make, unless…
Do you think something happened to you? Maxim asked, not liking the far away look in Nero’s eyes.
No, I suspect that I have succeeded in finding your mother…my soul mate.
Maxim struggled with his father’s statement, wondering if he had gone entirely mad.
Let me explain something to you, so you won’t think I’m crazy. Your mother exists in a parallel universe that mirrors our own. Travelers from the future usually move through one cosmos, while a select few develop the ability to jump into a replicate world where life evolves differently. I am planning to become one of the elite few and join her. Does that make sense so far?
Yes, I understand…but if you love her that much, why didn’t you save her as you have done for Willa?
My son, I would have done anything to keep her with me, but she insisted I save you and your sister first. 
Maxim frowned. So that’s what you did.
Yes, and I have no regrets; but can you at least understand the yearning I still carry around and why I need to reunite with her?
I believe I do. Maxim smiled to himself. I am also experiencing an unusually strong connection with someone.
Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room changed. Who is she? 
Maxim was startled by his father’s abruptness. I think it’s fair to say our lives are more similar than you know.
You’ve connected with a primitive woman. He started to shout. Be rid of her immediately!
No, Maxim stood his ground. She means everything to me.
This will not do, his father remained persistent. I have already made arrangements for you and your sister to mate with others of your own kind.
And who did you find for us, father? Half-breeds of human evolution like us—part primal, part genetically advanced freaks! What are we considered, father?
Stop this ranting! Nero’s deep voice grew fierce, testing Maxim’s resolve. You know you are human, but you both need partners who can keep our secret.
Maxim lost his temper and started to yell, challenging the majestic man standing before him. You’re a hypocrite, father! You’re demanding me to give up my chosen mate when you’re not even willing to lose your own! Twelve years from now, you will sacrifice us to be with her!
Nero tried to dismiss Maxim’s outburst, as if it were child’s play, and ordered Tinley to find a cover-up for his naked son; but he couldn’t fool himself any longer. Maxim, you and I are two of a kind—loyal lovers, who will do anything to be with their soul mate.
Maxim became hopeful. Does this mean I have your blessing?
I remain unenthused son, but go ahead and do what you must.
Maxim grabbed his father and gave him a hug, unaware of Nero’s true intentions. I promise you that I’ll be careful.
Apparently, you have also inherited my stubbornness, so I’m sure you’ll try.
I’m able to return safely to my timeline, is that correct? 
Yes, of course, after I have kept you under observation for a day or two.  
Maxim became anxious over what Oddily’s reaction would be when she found out the truth about him and her mother. He could only wonder if she would still want to be with him.




CHAPTER 32

Oddily was awakened by a knock at the front door. Her eyes fluttered open and she forced herself to sit up when the persistent banging continued; urging her to slip from under the warmth of her blankets, and tip-toe through the living room.
“I’m coming,” she called out, and then fumbled with the lock.
Her hopes were crushed when she peered into the twilight of the new morning to greet Nexa instead of Maxim. This would be the second day without seeing him, and her disappointment became transparent.
“Why aren’t you ready for school?”
“I’m sorry. I’ll be ready in a minute.” Oddily hurried back into the bedroom and dressed while Nexa waited for her on the couch. 
Nexa was beyond worry over her missing brother. Her intuition continued to whisper warnings of peril even after exhausting every resource to find him. Today, she would take Oddily to school and become a classmate as per her agreement with Maxim, and then figure out what to do from there.
“How’s Maxim?” Oddily called out in a pathetic effort to sound happy.
“Fine.” Nexa’s voice sounded eerily flat and unconvincing.
“Everything’s all right, isn’t it?” Oddily came to the bedroom door.
“Of course it is. We’ll probably meet up with him later.”
Oddily nodded and smiled despite her growing uncertainty.
* * * * * *
Nexa parked the green Smart car under a shady tree in the school parking lot. Many students gathered in small groups while others remained on their own while heading for their respective classes.
After climbing out of her new car, Oddily hesitated when several eyes turned in her direction. Kip was one of them. He leaned against his shiny red Chevy truck, along with his older brother, Frankie; and one other band mate, Collin. She had never met either boy, except for hearsay. Supposedly, Collin was a super-rich kid who liked to show off the designer labels on his clothes. Frankie…he had a reputation of using girls.
Just then, Kendall marched up to the guys blabbing like usual, and appeared to be upset. Evidently, she was even too disturbed to flick her horsy ponytail.
After joining Oddily, Nexa waved her hand with her typical air of gracefulness and said, “Just pretend they don’t exist.”
Oddily tried to imitate her carefree attitude while the two headed for the locker. There would be no more hanging out by the water fountain, or taking the long way to class just for a glimpse at Paul. The spell Paul had over her was broken now that Maxim had entered her life.
When Nexa and Oddily reached the corridors, they were surrounded by students greeting each other while locker doors opened and slammed, sounding as though shotguns were going off. Every few minutes, Nexa’s head shook with distaste. The gawking eyes were as much for Oddily as they were for her mysterious companion.
“I believe we’re the talk of the school,” Oddily whispered.
Nexa agreed. She was vaguely annoyed by the attention, despite her calm manner, and almost wished her brother hadn’t asked her to become a student.
“Hey, girlfriend,” Pepper joined them and was full of gossip. “The Principal suspended Kip for three days.”
Oddily’s throat went dry at the sound of his name.
“You’re finally getting a break from that jerk, and guess what? Starla and Kendall got into a huge catfight after the dance. Rumor has it that Kendall did the same thing to Starla as Kip had done to you, only worse. Some of the guys on the football team played catch with one of her falsies.”
While Pepper continued her stream of gossip, her friend Carrie hurried over to Oddily and breathlessly said, “Check out who’s coming our way!”
Oddily spotted Starla strolling down the hallway of lockers. She sailed up to her on a sea of strong perfume with her fan club in tow.
“Oh my God!” Starla trilled with disgust when she eyed Oddily’s new dress. “What were you thinking of when you picked out that ugly color!” Her group of friends joined in mimicking their leader’s revulsion.
“Who asked you?” Pepper and Carrie spoke like one.
Oddily glanced up to catch Nexa flash Starla a look of warning, and realized this was going to be another long day. The only time her foster sister and her friends ever acknowledged her was when they were bored. Even with Nexa by her side, today would be no different. No one would be able to protect her from their taunting, unless she mustered up her own courage to stand up to them.
After Nexa had walked with her to her first class, Oddily suspected that something was brewing. Students gathered into little clusters, speaking in whispers, but she could still overhear what they said. They were gossiping about Kip’s voice at the party after the dance. Every so often, they gave one another a surprised glance and laughed while sharing their different viewpoints of the incident.
Starla entered the classroom followed by two of her friends, and one of the students already seated piped up, “Oddily’s here!”
“Who cares,” Starla glared at the student.
Oddily was too distracted by the girl under fire to take any notice of Paul taking his seat next to her. He gazed at her for a long moment, but wasn’t gawking like other students who filled the seats. Paul’s attention stemmed from the terrible guilt he felt since the dance. The girl with her large hazel eyes and shy smile didn’t deserve what happened to her, and he wanted to offer her his friendship. But would he truly act against the popular clique risking his own popularity? His thoughts surprised him.
“Pssst, Oddily!” 
Oddily pretended not to hear him. She had nothing other than embarrassment and humiliation on her mind, knowing he had something to do with the cruelty towards her that night. She kept her face turned away and imagined everything to be fine—believing she could handle this moment. But, it wasn’t and she couldn’t. When she finally glanced his way, he was staring at the teacher standing in front of the chalk board.
“Paul has been trying to get your attention,” Pepper whispered in Oddily’s ear from the seat behind her.
“Yeah, and I’m wondering why.”
“Oops, he’s doing it again.”
“Please stop staring at him, Pepper. I don’t want him to find out that I know.”
Pepper snickered and tried to keep her eyes averted.
During class, Oddily couldn’t stop herself from glancing his way and several times their eyes met. His attention became increasingly uncomfortable for her, so when the bell rang her thoughts screamed for her to escape, but Paul tapped her on the shoulder before she could move.
“Oh, it’s you,” she cringed at how lame she sounded. No one or nothing could have prepared her for what came next.
“Do you mind if I walk with you?” Paul showcased his friendly smile that used to make her heart skip a beat. “Your next class is near mine.”
Oddily was stunned, her uncertainty spinning out of control. Paul waited for an answer, but she couldn’t think.
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, I…I’m not used to people seeking my company, that’s all.”
“Is that a yes?”
“I don’t know; I guess so.”
While Oddily and Paul headed for their second period class, Nexa had her own agenda. She strolled into the attendance office and waited at the counter for the clerk to finish her phone call. She wasn’t in the best of moods with her worry over Maxim; but when the woman glanced up, she smiled sweetly.
The clerk stood up and came over to the counter. “May I help you?”
“Yes, I’m here to enroll in school.” Nexa knew full well what she had to do, and slipped several blank pieces of paper under the woman’s nose.
After glancing at the empty pages, she asked, “Is this some kind of a joke?”
Nexa penetrated the woman’s mind. “I believe you have everything you need.”
The clerk’s eyes glazed over, and a blank stare came over her face. “Yes, of course. Give me a moment and I’ll get you a copy of your class schedule.”
The woman went to the file cabinet, retrieving Oddily’s list of classes, and handed it to Nexa. “There you go, and welcome to Forest Ridge High.”
Nexa left, heading for the privacy of Oddily’s car until lunchtime. She wasn’t ready to be trapped in a classroom just yet, especially with her brother still missing. Despite her failed attempts at sensing his presence, her mission at the moment was to keep trying.
When lunchtime rolled around, Nexa sat at a table in the cafeteria, and waited until Oddily entered the room.
“Nexa!” the undisguised light of welcome leaped into Oddily’s eyes after she spotted her. “What are you doing here?”
“This is going to be my new stomping grounds for awhile.”
“I’m so excited! When do you start?”
“Tomorrow, I suppose.”
Oddily bubbled with the frank delight of a child after Nexa shared the news. “Do you think we’ll have some classes together?” 
“I’m sure we will,” Nexa couldn’t help but smile at her animated gestures.
While Starla and her new best friend, Stacy headed for their reserved spot in the room, Oddily’s display of happiness towards the beautiful blonde stranger distracted her. Jealousy of the new competition moved her to interrupt their fun by marching over to their table.
“Despite the color, your dress fits you well,” her voice sounded all sugary and nice. “It’s flattering on someone with a twelve year old body.”
Several of the students gasped in surprise, including Nexa, who stiffened in her chair.
“That was a mean thing to say, Starla.” Oddily spoke up to her for perhaps the first time in her young life.
“Stacy, did you hear anything? Starla gave a mocked look of surprise while nudging her friend.
“Nope,” Stacy shook her head causing her curly brown hair to bob around.
“You’re nothing, you little…” Before Starla could finish her cutting remark her gaze was drawn into the depth of the stranger’s light blue eyes. Suddenly, she had a change of heart. “You’re right…I spoke rudely, and I’m sorry.”
When Starla overheard an apology escaping her lips she became mortified, and backed away from the table as if a bee had stung her.
“Oh my God, what did I just do?” She asked Stacy while rushing out of the cafeteria.
Nexa acted as though nothing had happened while grabbing Oddily’s history book to glance through the pages. She began to read the text, but not like the average student. Several kids stopped eating to watch the pages flip over at an unnatural speed.
Oddily leaned closer to Nexa. “There are others staring at you.”
Nexa glanced up at the onlookers and shrugged her shoulders. “Haven’t you guys ever seen someone read fast before?”
“Yeah, but not like that!” a spectator volunteered.
“I think it’s awesome!” A handsome boy with his lunch tray sat down at their table.
Nexa forced herself to smile, “Lighten up, guys. I was just goofing around.”
“Oh man, you got us,” the same handsome boy hooted. Others joined in on the laughter, except for a few who were downright annoyed.”
Paul viewed the incident from afar with his attention mainly on Oddily. An invisible bond seemed to connect her with the new girl, and he questioned how the two met.
What was he going to do over his dilemma with the redhead?  His thoughts pulled him in different directions. On the one hand, he wanted to be the better guy and befriend her; but then again, he worried over his possible loss of popularity. Either way, he had to make a choice.
* * * * * *
Nexa had left the cafeteria before the bell rang, escaping the compulsion to chatter with others. Oddily left soon after, heading down the empty halls until she reached her locker.
After glancing up and down the corridor for Kip, her hand automatically spun the dial to twelve, twenty six, and then twenty one before jerking the handle upward. Nothing happened. Frowning, she tried again but still couldn’t open her locker.
The whole situation didn’t make any sense. She had used the same combination at least twice a day since school started. She continued to try even after the bell rang when hordes of students began to fill the hallways.
“Hey, you need some help?”
Paul’s unexpected presence had caused Oddily to become shy, but she still managed to speak.
“My lock won’t open. I keep trying, but it’s stuck or something.”
“Here, let me give it a try.” Oddily stepped aside, giving him her combo, and with a final click, the door popped open.
“Wow, thank you.”  Oddily felt an acute case of embarrassment coming on, so she grabbed her math book and took off down the hall.
“Hey, wait up! Paul caught up and clumsily handed her a yellow daisy, the same variety of flowers that grew outside the attendance office.
“You’re giving me a flower?”
“I…I like you Oddily, and I’m truly sorry about the other night.”
Oddily’s face lit up in surprise while tears started to stream down her cheeks. Her high school crush for nearly a year had just apologized.
“Please don’t cry.” He became uncomfortable with her uncensored emotion.
Oddily swiped at her tears and tried to smile. “You didn’t have to do this, Paul. I honestly believe that you wanted to warn me.”
“I didn’t try hard enough,” Paul’s words became filled with anger. “I swear I had no idea your dress would…you know. The strap wasn’t supposed to…
“Listen, I’m already embarrassed just by coming here today,” her sweet voice quivered with emotion, “so please don’t remind me of what happened.”
“I won’t say another word. Come on, I’ll walk with you to your next class.”
Oddily gasped. “Two times in one day!”
“Yeah, I want to hang out─ get to know you better.”
* * * * * *
Starla walked by and overheard Paul’s last comment. She swore that if she had to overhear one more kindness towards Oddily, she was going to puke. “I wonder if the new girl is responsible for all this sympathy crap.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Stacy perked up. “After all, you did apologize to Oddily right after the blonde stared at you with a weird look in her eyes.”
“Don’t remind me,” she shivered from the remembrance. “There’s something more to our visitor than meets the eye, and I plan to find out what it is.”




CHAPTER 33

At the end of the school day, Nexa and Oddily headed for the parking lot. Nexa had studied the petite redhead, off and on all day, and came to an opinion about her. She found Oddily to be naturally sweet and innocent, with bizarre little flashes of wit and humor. She also realized that the girl could be whimsical, even charmingly unpredictable. Sometimes harmless mischief glimmered out in the unfathomable depths of her green eyes, while sarcasm was unknown to her. In her attitude and mannerisms, she acted like a child; and yet, now and again, she spoke wise beyond her years.
Sis, where are you? Where’s Oddily?
Maxim, her hand flew to her throat. You’re alive!
“What’s wrong?” Oddily panicked when Nexa took off running. She started to chase after her, but stopped when she disappeared. If it were at all possible, Maxim’s sister seemed to vanish before her eyes.
Nexa spotted her brother leaning against Oddily’s new car. The sight of him caused tears to flow while she rushed into his arms.
Hey, take it easy, sis. He laughed. I’m fine…everything is good.
What happened to you, she complained. I’ve been searching everywhere! Where were you? Why couldn’t we connect?
Come on, dry your eyes. Maxim released her and wiped her tears with his finger. I’ll explain everything when we’re alone.
But, I want to know now!
I can’t. Oddily’s coming.
Nexa sensed something different about her brother. Apparently, his lighthearted ways had returned because his face lit up when Oddily threw off her backpack, and ran into his arms. He picked her up and nuzzled her neck while the slightly disoriented, Oddily remained unaware of anything or anyone while enjoying their private moment.
“Get a bedroom!” Kip called out, but Maxim ignored him. He was too captivated by Oddily to waste his time with an immature jerk. After Maxim had put her down, Oddily looked at Nexa and asked, “How did you do that?”
“Do what?” Maxim interjected.
“I don’t know—I’m confused. She sort of…disappeared.” 
Maxim glared at his sister. “Yes, please inform us.”
“Mmmm…I can run fast.”
“Is that so?” Maxim’s brows furrowed.
“Whose backpack is this?” Someone called out.
“Oh, it’s mine.”
Maxim kept his eye on Oddily while she ran over to the student holding her bag, and noticed a wilted daisy sticking out from under the side flap.
After reading his thoughts, Nexa grabbed her chance to change the subject. Remember Paul from the dance?  He gave it to her, and Pepper and Carrie ate lunch with us. Even Starla apologized for her typical rudeness, and…
What a minute, back up, Maxim shook his head. Did you say Paul gave her that flower? 
Yes, wasn’t that a kind gesture!? She faked a smile. He said he was upset over what happened to her the other night and apologized.
Maxim should have been happy for Oddily, and he was; but the day seemed to have gone a little too smoothly, and he suspected foul play.
Oh my, look at the time. I’ve got to go. Nexa dodged Maxim after reading his thoughts. I’ll drive her car back to the lodge for you.
What did you do, Nexa? His voice shouted in her head while she headed for Oddily’s car.
I didn’t do much.
Nexa…You’re playing around with me.
Nexa sensed her brother’s annoyance brewing. Okay! I tweaked a few minds.  It’s nothing to get worked up over.
How many is a few?
Okay…a lot!
The disappointment towards his sister was overwhelming. This wasn’t the type of protection he wanted for Oddily. He didn’t want his, or his sister’s, powers to alter her life because it wouldn’t be genuine…real. The change had to come from within her, in her own time, with the support of their love and caring.
I heard that! Nexa piped into his thoughts. You sound so nurturing, but what about us and being true to our own selves? Why shouldn’t we own up to what we are and embrace our talents? We could use it for the welfare of anyone we want without malicious intent.
Right…like you did at the party after the dance!
“Maxim?” Oddily’s soft, sweet voice echoed in the background of his mind until she had his full attention.
“I’m sorry.” He touched her cheek.
“What is it?” she stared into his troubled face.
“This isn’t the time or place, but we need to talk. There’s so much you don’t know, especially about me.”
Oddily smiled. “I know one thing. You’re the mysterious guy students gossip about.” 
“Really,” Maxim’s sharp glance around the parking lot was met with stares. “You may be right.”
* * * * * *
Starla stepped out from behind Kip and continued to watch Maxim’s every move. Envy consumed her when she eyed how polite he acted towards Oddily, and nudged Kip. “Why don’t you ever open car doors for me?”
Kip became irritated. “You want me to be a kiss-ass? Is that what you’re nagging about?”
“Oh my God, I didn’t say that!” Starla went into her defensive mode.
With his growing agitation, Kip called out, “Hey, Maxim!”
Maxim’s head snapped in the direction of the voice. He spotted Kip by his truck with Starla and a few others. His blood began to boil when the remembrance of the dance flooded back, and what the guy had done to Oddily.
Maxim, you need to stay calm, and ignore him!
Maxim listened to the brakes of Oddily’s car squeal from another part of the parking lot and knew Nexa was turning around.
“What’s so ‘Hot’ about a chick with the IQ of a dumb-ass?”
Without warning, Maxim had Kip flung up against the hood of his truck. Kip would have fought back, but he was too stunned. He had no forewarning of the stranger’s approach. All he knew was, one moment he was asking a question, and the next—Maxim attacked, pinning him down while the girls gasped in shock.
“Hey, I was just…” but Maxim choked off his voice. Kip’s eyes bulged in their sockets showing more than a hint of fear in his face.
“Leave him alone, you jerk!” one of the girls shrieked.
Nexa ran over to her brother and yelled at the screeching girl, “Silence!” The girl became mute even though her mouth still moved.
Don’t behave stupidly, Maxim. Let him go.
Maxim glanced at Nexa when she started to tug at his arm. The thoughts and emotions going through him were so overpowering they shrouded his sister’s voice. His mind raged with the disturbing remembrance of this guy hurting Oddily. His jaw clenched involuntarily with emotion.
Maxim! This time Nexa penetrated his brain. Oddily is fine, so let this piece of crap go.
“Stop choking him,” Starla cried out. “Somebody, do something!”
I want to hurt him, sis.
I understand, but don’t forget who we are. This isn’t our way.
His sister was right. Maxim looked at the guy’s reddened face and bulging eyes and reluctantly let go, stepping away.  Kip doubled over gasping for air while rubbing his throat.
“Listen to me, punk,” Maxim’s voice sounded intimidating as he spoke. “Keep away from Oddily, or I’ll become your worst nightmare.”
Maxim glanced over his sister’s head to where Oddily struggled against Pepper. She was trying to break free of the girl’s grip.
“Let her go!” he yelled. Pepper released Oddily, who immediately rushed over to Maxim, burying her face in his chest. “No, let me look at you.”
Maxim gently pried her arms away from him and held her off at arms length. He stared at her with concern because she appeared to be so pale and her bottom lip was quivering. He freed up one of his hands and let the tips of his fingers stray across her features. He touched lightly upon her mouth to steady the trembling, haunted by the thought of Kip, or anyone else violating her chance for a happy life.
Maxim was distracted from his thoughts when Oddily took his hand and pressed the palm to her lips, kissing him again and again.
“Everything is going to work out,” he whispered.
“You’re right,” Oddily released his hand, turning to Starla and Kip. Their snide comments weren’t just about torturing her anymore. They were hurting Maxim, who meant everything to her. She needed to get a backbone and stand up for herself for Maxim’s sake.
While Oddily deliberately stared at the couple, Starla straightened up and placed her hands on her hips. It was a gesture that used to make Oddily shy away, but now she felt indifferent towards her. In fact, she found herself looking at Starla with fresh, appraising eyes; seeing her as she had never seen her before. She was an empty, selfish creature who liked picking on others for her own amusement—a girl who spread vicious lies. Oddily wondered how she could have ever been jealous of this beautiful girl with an ugly soul.
Oddily walked up to Starla, looking her in the eyes and spoke with contempt in her soft voice. “I want you and your boyfriend to stop picking on me, Starla.”
“Get out of my face, dumb-ass!” Starla planned on shoving her, but changed her mind when Maxim took a step forward.
Oddily stood her ground. “Do you think your comment hurts me? It doesn’t. Neither Kip, nor you, can ever hurt me again. You have lost the ability. I even feel a little sorry for you two—especially you, Starla. The whole time I’ve known you, you have taken whatever you want from others, and have never given back. You can’t, because you have nothing to offer. There’s no truth, or kindness, or loyalty in your heart—just hurtful talking all the time about others and providing nothing. You live in a lovely house, have devoted parents, dress in designer clothes, drive a nice car, and yet you are ugly inside. So ugly, nobody needs to envy you.”
“Do you realize how stupid you sound right now?” Starla laughed, but her subtle air of triumph left when no one laughed with her—not even Kip.
“What’s going on here?” Ms. Berkley, the P.E. teacher, bellowed when she spotted the crowd of onlookers. As she approached, many kids took off, heading for their cars.
“Nobody’s talking!” the coach glared at the remaining students before her eyes settled on Kip. “Do you have anything you want to tell me?”
“Nope,” Kip pulled out a toothpick and started to pick at his teeth, “Just two buddies messing around.”
Both Maxim and Nexa found his comment bizarre. 
“Well, take your fun elsewhere,” she ordered before blowing the whistle.  “Come on guys, clear out.  The school day is over!”
While Nexa, Maxim, and Oddily headed for their cars, Nexa became genuinely concerned over her brother. His hostility towards Kip was expected, but his assault gave her no choice but to believe that something had happened to him during his absence. She suddenly feared for his safety and hers, as well.
Was Oddily’s burst of courage part of your doing? Maxim interrupted her contemplation.
Nexa sighed. No, it was all her.
* * * * * *
Kip kept his eye on Maxim’s black BMW until it left the school parking lot. “What do you know about that guy?” 
Starla frowned. “Now, that I think of it…nothing.”
“Hmm,” Kip pulled out his cell phone.
Nexa pretended to comb her hair in the rearview mirror all the while listening in on his conversation. The call disturbed her, so she immediately warned her brother. Guess what? Your situation with Kip isn’t over.
Why, what’s up?
Kip is having you followed. He’s pissed off and plans to mess with you.
It had to happen eventually, sis.
So now what? Should I tweak his thoughts?
No, I have something else in mind. Is your white Suzuki still parked outside Oddily’s bungalow?
The last time I looked, it was.
Okay, good. Here’s my idea. While I keep our tracker engaged, I want you to go and…
Hey, wait a minute!
Nexa, you must hear me out.  When you get to the lodge, move the Suzuki somewhere away from Oddily’s bungalow. Find a parking space as close to the woods as possible. Then go back to the cabin, load Oddily’s things into her Smart car and drive home.
Are you serious? Do you honestly think I’ll bring Oddily’s car, and belongings back to our world? 
Yes, I’m bringing her home, so put all operations on lockdown mode until I get there. We’ll connect later, and I’ll explain everything.
How dare you? Her melodic voice hit a flat note.
Maxim met her grievance with silence.
Nexa found it remarkable how easily her brother blocked her from his mind. She always had an advantage over him with her ability to read his thoughts whether he wanted her to or not. Now she sensed his increase in power and couldn’t penetrate his thoughts. She decided to play along until she figured out what was up with him. He wasn’t the only one with maturing powers, and she had no qualms in using them if she felt it necessary.
After following his instructions, she headed home. Where are you, Max?
Oddily just passed her test for her driver’s permit and our tracker is still following. Is everything in its place?
Yes, I parked the Suzuki on the west side of the property where the foliage is dense, and the trees are thick along the perimeter.
Perfect! Thanks, sis.
Maxim allowed himself to be seen parking in front of Oddily’s bungalow and stayed visible while entering the front door. Once inside, he peered out through the blinds to view the gray truck park close by while the driver talked on his cell phone. So far, his plan was working.
“Maxim!” Oddily sounded frantic.
Maxim hurried into the bedroom and wrapped his arms around her. “What’s wrong?”
Oddily pointed to the closet. “My clothes…someone stole my clothes!”
“I had Nexa take them,” his voice sounded muffled against her hair while he kissed her head.
“I don’t understand,” she pulled away from him.
“You’re not staying here anymore,” he leaned over to kiss the tip of her nose.
“Oh,” she stiffened and looked up at him. She began to shiver, so she crossed her arms over her chest in a protective manner. “You still like me, don’t you?”
“No, I love you.” Maxim walked over to the bedroom window and pried open the glass pane. “Come on, we’ll have plenty of time for this later. Right now, we must get out of here.”
“Why…what’s wrong?” Oddily rushed to his side.
Maxim took her hand and fiddled with her fingers. “Kip’s friend is tailing us and we need to ditch him.”
“Oh no, we’re in deep trouble, and it’s my fault!”
“Oddily, calm down and trust me. Will you do that for me?”
“Yes, of course,” she whimpered.
“I need you to stay close to me and remain quiet, OK?”
She nodded her head.
Maxim smiled and gave her a playful wink before jumping out the window.
Oddily wouldn’t allow herself to think. With a leap of faith, she followed and was caught up in Maxim’s arms. He gave her another reassuring kiss on her forehead and grabbed her hand to lead the way.
They hurried through dense foliage towards the west end of the property, and remained hidden behind a clump of trees while Maxim eyed the situation. The gray truck was still parked and waiting.
“Stay low until you’re inside Nexa’s car.”
Oddily nodded with growing excitement while her heart pulsed loudly in her chest. She waited until Maxim had the car door open, and beckoned her to follow. 
“Keep your head down,” he warned with a low voice as she climbed inside.
Oddily scooted down in the seat and watched Maxim grab his sister’s blue beanie off the dashboard and cover his blonde hair. The color enhanced his pale eyes even more.
“We ditched him,” Maxim smirked after they left the parking lot, but when he glanced over at Oddily, she wasn’t smiling. “Hey, why aren’t you happy?”
“What’s…where…?” Oddily couldn’t think of what to ask, but Maxim’s new powers allowed him to read her mind.
“We’re going home,” he smiled.
As they traveled down the road, Oddily’s curiosity increased when Maxim headed for a remote area of the woods and pulled in front of a massive gate. Two old iron doors groaned open resembling a giant beast spreading its arms in welcome. For Oddily, she felt like the luckiest girl ever. This was what fairytales were supposed to be…or was it? 

THE ROMANCE AND DANGER CONTINUES WITH
MAXIM
A New type of Human
THE SECOND BOOK IN THE ODDILY SERIES
TURN THE PAGE FOR A SNEAK PEEK!




CHAPTER 1

Maxim drove the white Suzuki through the massive iron gates, unaware that he and Oddily were being followed. As their car disappeared into the private woods of Stafford Manor, Maxim became so riddled with worry about Oddily entering his world, he didn’t see Kip and Starla when they slipped inside the gates. 
They ran into the forest and remained hidden in the shadows, scarcely believing their good fortune. They found out where Maxim lived; and strangely enough, it happened by following the girl, Nexa.
“Revenge is going to be sweet,” Kip smirked as he began to make his way through the thick foliage. “Remember to stay hidden until we find his house.”
Starla refused to follow him. “Do you honestly expect me to go into those God forsaken woods?”
When Kip ignored her, Starla had no choice but to chase after him until a curtain seemed to drop over the sun. One moment it was light, and the next, the woods became so dark she could hardly view her hand in front of her face. She became tense and jumpy, panicking when a twig snapped under foot, or a tree limb scraped at her shoulder.
“Get me the hell out of here,” she finally stopped in her tracks.
“Quit whining. His house can’t be much farther!” 
By the sound of Kip’s voice, Starla knew he did not intend to give up.
“Come on—if I don’t get some fresh air soon, I’m going to die from suffocation!” Almost as soon as the words escaped Starla’s lips, a sound caused her to catch up with Kip.
“Did you hear that,” she grabbed his arm, “and don’t blame it on cute little squirrels!”
“Sshh, I’m listening.”
Starla closed her mouth and huddled against Kip. Another sound erupted, only this time it was closer.
“Who’s following us?” Kip glared at his surroundings, but nothing moved. He twisted his neck, trying in vainly to make out something, anything, through the trees.
Starla tried to call out this time, but her throat wouldn’t obey her mind. Her heart began to pound, her breath hissing in and out, and her nostrils flaring like a wild animal sensing danger.  Her eyes darted across the dark shadows but saw nothing. She stepped back and something wet grazed her ankle. This time she found her voice and screamed.
“Shut the hell up!” Kip slapped his hand over her mouth.
The noise happened again. Such a strange and eerie sound, as if something were waiting for them to participate in a cat and mouse game.
“We need to start walking slowly.” Kip gave Starla a nudge to get her to move and she did. She began to take one step, and then another. “That’s right—stay by my side.”
Their measured movements lasted for only a few more minutes until it dawned on them that they were being stalked by something inhuman. It happened when they spotted a large, shiny object closing in on them. They both hollered at once and ran for their lives.
“Hey—wait for me!” Starla screamed, and for the first time, she sounded vulnerable, and scared.”
The two frantically pushed through the woods trying to find their way out of the darkness when they stumbled upon a clean, cool river—a turbulent stream that looked menacing.
“Hurry, we need to cross over to the other side!” Kip jumped out onto the closest rock and steadied himself.
“I can’t!” Starla’s chest heaved from lack of air.
“You have to! We need to get the hell out of here!”
“Don’t remind me!” she shrieked.
“Come on, babe…jump!” Kip turned to leap over onto the next rock.
“No, wait!—I’m coming, I’m coming.”
Starla jumped out onto the first stone, trying to be careful with her footing. She had grabbed onto Kip’s arm for extra support, and then followed him by hopping over to the next one. She wasn’t prepared for slippery rocks and stumbled.
“Damn you, Kip—I almost fell in,” she complained with her, ‘I Hate You’ voice. “I can’t do this.”
“Will you stop acting like a spoiled Princess for even one minute?!”
“But I am a Princess, you stupid shit!”
Kip began to mimic Starla’s high, whiny voice. “Kip, I want this! Kip, I want that! It’s always about what I can do for you, and you’re driving me nuts!”
“How dare you!” Starla started to fire off her own round of verbal abuse.
Kip and Starla became so caught up with one another’s back and forth squabbling; neither noticed the humanoid while it approached. When they did get a glimpse at what was following them, they were scarcely prepared for the astonishing sight. The thing stood near the embankment at a fair distance from the waters edge.
“Oh my God,” Starla cried out with renewed panic.
“What the hell!” Kip went slack jawed, but recovered quickly as he jumped the remaining rocks. But in his haste to get to the other side of the river, he had knocked Starla off balance. She slipped and fell into the river, her upper torso still clinging to the rock.
“Help!” she screamed while the currant tugged at her body. She was beginning to lose her handhold while Kip just stood there and stared at their pursuer. She tried to dig her fingers into the slippery stone, but the struggle was of no use. She lost her grip and was dragged down the river.
Kip wanted to go after her, but his stunned mind wouldn’t allow him to move. All he could do was eye the robotic thing-a-ma-jig as it leaped over the river to take a stance in front of him. Kip didn’t care that he had wet his pants. He wasn’t able to think clearly enough to become embarrassed. The only thing on his mind was the smooth metal face that inched closer and closer as it inspected him. When they were nose to nose, Kip became horrorstruck by the eyes. Were they real? Then the unimaginable happened. The thing spoke, letting him know that he couldn’t escape!” Kips eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed, buckling from the knees into a boneless sprawl on the ground.
* * * * * *
Starla whirled down the watercourse for several miles all the while flailing about, trying to stay afloat. She was drowning, and thought her existence would end at any moment, but wait! She bumped against something in the water and grabbed hold, but the force of the current was too powerful. It caused the weight of her body to fight against her, and the object began to cut into her fingers. It forced her to let go. The water closed over her head as she whirled round and round in a downward spiral. She struggled to hold her breath while fighting for her life.
Finally, she smashed against a fallen log blocking her from going further downstream. The tree limb made her rescue possible as she pulled herself out of the river. She dragged herself onto the embankment and rolled over on her back. Barely able to breathe, the water poured out of her mouth. She sputtered and choked while taking what air she could into her lungs.
Starla felt a sharp pain in her leg and realized she had been hurt. 
“Oh, crap,” she moaned, knowing that if she ended up with a scar, she would totally die!”
“Help me.” She made a feeble attempt to holler, but her voice sounded too weak. She cringed to think of herself all alone in the woods. What if she ended up being food for a wild beast or something? Starla glanced around in all directions, feeling small and insignificant compared to the backdrop of the ancient forest. How weird to think of the humongous gnarled trees as hundreds of years old or she at least thought they were.
This sense of unimportance sucked, so she decided to focus on being angry at Kip. After all, he had been the reason she fell into the river in the first place, so she began scheming on how to seek her revenge. The animosity beginning to rise in her while she plotted against him felt completely normal, so she relaxed a little with her hateful thoughts.
Starla didn’t know how much time she had wasted with her mental meandering; but her anger had subsided, leaving her to face the pain in her leg as well as an uneasy sense of doom. She had been glancing around, hoping for some sign of help, when all of a sudden a beam of light resembling the rays from the sun broke through the canopy of trees not too far from where she sat. Maybe a helicopter was illuminating the woods to find and rescue her. No, this wasn’t ordinary brightness. What she saw appeared to be soft and translucent. It was filled with chaotic dancing particles, meshing together to create a dense formation of matter. She blinked hard to try and clear her vision, but the molecular dance continued within this tunnel of brilliancy. Had she become delusional because of her injury?
When the light dissipated, what remained was both astonishing and horrifying. Whatever had formed in the ray of light took on the formation of two human-like bodies curled up in fetal positions. Were they alive? Her question was answered when the bodies uncoiled and got to their feet.
Starla stayed breathlessly still, not moving a muscle while she gawked at them. Their backs were to her as they came to a standing position, and then stretched their tall, statuesque physiques like someone waking up. The male had a bald head but couldn’t be old because of his lean and well toned torso. He could have easily passed as the poster boy for health and youthfulness.
Starla watched while, very slowly, the male turned his head and looked over his shoulder at her. While he stared at her, the female companion had become a blur and disappeared into the woods.
Starla blinked hard, wondering if she had imagined the companion. She couldn’t help but question if maybe she had gone crazy. No—crazy wasn’t the right answer, not with the male purposefully walking straight towards her. She stared at the way the light fabric of his long seamless robe bellowed from behind while the material clung to his front side, exposing all his maleness underneath. She tried to scoot back on her butt to get away from him as agonizing sounds of distress escaped her lips.
The stranger from the beam of light hovered over her. Majestic and godlike, his presence was formidable. He had no facial or body hair what so ever…including the absence of eyebrows. But what freaked her out the most was his skin.
She tried to calm herself; but his presence seemed to stir the air around them, charging it with a sense of foreboding. It momentarily took her breath away and she couldn’t help but wonder where such a being had come from.
“Why is your skin bluish, and how did you do that?” Starla pointed to the trees where he/they materialized.
“To answer the first question, I’m thin skinned,” his deep, strong voice resonated like the roll of low thunder. “Concerning the other, consciousness converts back into energy, and then the physical body is needed no more. I did the reverse.”
Starla didn’t understand a word he had said, but realized that his confession meant he was totally insane.
“You are hurt.” With one sweeping motion, he hunkered down on one knee and went to touch Starla’s leg, but she squirmed to get away.
“Don’t. Touch. Me!” she said each word with as much authority as she could muster. She tried to draw her leg up to her chest, but her movement caused too much pain. “If you lay one hand on me, I…I will…!”
“You will what?” the stranger’s extraordinary face filled with curiosity. “Never mind, I will help you anyway.”
Starla stared into his deep brown eyes and became transfixed while she mumbled, “Thanks, but no thanks.”
Starla realized this would be a good time to avert her eyes, but she couldn’t get over how gorgeous this human was. Even without eyebrows, his large eyes mesmerized her, not to mention his chiseled face and full lips. His features were oddly familiar, but she wasn’t able to make a connection.
The stranger unexpectedly laughed out loud, and Starla wondered if his sudden sense of humor had anything to do with her checking him out. Had she been too obvious? Did he know she thought he was hot? Was he comfortable with being stared at?
“You have behaved foolishly, venturing into places you do not belong,” he said, all the while studying her eyes and hair with considerable interest. “You are not a natural blonde.”
“At least I have hair,” she snapped back.
“It is unfortunate we have met this way. What brings you here?”
“We…I…someone invited me here. My friend asked if I would follow him home, but I got lost.”
“What does this friend look like?”
“Well, he’s tall, has light blonde hair with sky blue eyes, and he has…”
“…Full lips,” he finished the girl’s commentary.
“Then you know him!”
“Yes. Your description sounds like my son, Maxim.”
“Oh no—he can’t be,” she laughed despite the pain it caused her leg. “You have the right name, but the guy I’m referring to is a teenager like us.”
“He is my son,” the stranger repeated with a knowing nod of his head.
“Oh my God, you truly are crazy!” her beautiful eyes bulged in their sockets. “You’re going to hurt me, aren’t you!? No, don’t tell me—I don’t want to know.”
“Stop and desist from your incessant chattering!” he spoke with a power previously unknown to her. “You fear harm will come to you, and yet you find me…hot.”
“Oh my God—you are so full of yourself!”
“Your nonsensical jabbering is bothersome; however, you are safe with me,” he assured her. Then he took her by the chin and encouraged her to gaze, once again into his eyes. 
Starla defiantly tried to stare him down, but that turned out to be a big mistake. She immediately and completely became trapped in the depths of this wondrous stranger’s large brown eyes much like an innocent fly captured in a spider’s web. Those hypnotic windows to his soul were drawing her deep into a void, until all of a sudden he broke eye contact and cocked his head like a bird to listen. Suddenly, his neck snapped in the direction of a clump of bushes.
“Sshh, we’re not alone!” he warned as he released her chin and stretched his torso to its towering height. He took a position between her and the area of the woods that drew his attention, and acted as though he were protecting a prized possession. Or was his stance a guarded pose over his prey? Starla shuddered at the last thought.

For more information go to:
http://lindapohringwrites.blogspot.com/








Linda Pohring
She lives in Southern California with her hubby, and two cats,
Princess Popeye and Pee Wee.
She is currently working on book #3 of the Oddily Series
Other books by Linda Pohring:
MAXIM: A New Type of Human   Book #2 of the Oddily Series
FISH EYES: A Stranded Mermaid Adventure
