


Once in a Lifetime
Copyright 2017 Caila Olsen
Published by Caila Olsen at Smashwords






Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1 – Riley
Chapter 2 – Riley
Chapter 3 – Riley
Chapter 4 – Riley
Chapter 5 – Aden
Chapter 6 – Riley
Chapter 7 – Aden
Chapter 8 – Riley
Chapter 9 – Aden
Chapter 10 – Riley
Chapter 11 – Aden
Chapter 12 – Riley
Chapter 13 – Aden
Chapter 14 – Riley
Chapter 15 – Riley
Chapter 16 – Aden
Chapter 17 – Riley
Chapter 18 – Aden
Chapter 19 – Riley
Chapter 20 – Aden
Chapter 21 – Riley
Chapter 22 – Aden
Chapter 23 – Aden
Chapter 24 – Riley
Chapter 25 – Riley

Chapter 1
RILEY

I wake up to a rhythmic, steady beep. My eyes require a second to adjust to the blinding light coming through the window. Something is not right. That is not the wide window with the elongated white drapes swaying in the summer breeze I am used to. No, these are different. They look bare and impersonal. My heart sinks as I realize where I am. Everything was so perfect just a few days ago.
“Good morning Riley,” Nurse Daisy greets me as she comes through the hospital room door. She comes over and places water on the night table next to my bed. Next, she switches out the old bandages that cover the stitches on my head. I wince even though she does it with the gentlest of touch. It still is tender.
“How’s Aden doing?” He is all I can think about since the accident. It’s unbearable not being able to be by his side. I want to be with him every second. I want to be the first person he sees when he wakes up.
“No signs of any activity yet. A specialist is coming tomorrow to do more tests to see if there is anything they can do,” Nurse Daisy tells me. She walks over to the other side of my bed and throws away the old gauze into the metal trash can.
“Are they any good? Do you think they can actually help?” I ask.
“They have been working on these kinds of incidents for several years. They specialize in the brain and injuries to it,” She explains to me.
“When can I see him?” It’s been 3 days not seeing him. It worries me to not know when he will wake up.
“I spoke with Dr. Patrick this morning and he feels that Aden should be stable enough now to have select visitors,” Nurse Daisy says.
Thank goodness! I have so much to say to him.
Nurse Daisy assists me into my wheelchair. I feel so useless not being able to walk. A few months of physical therapy should get me up and walking. I will try to work hard, who knows? Maybe I can recover in less time. I hate feeling helpless.
Nurse Daisy turns the corner into a small bare room. My heart races at the sight of him and my eyes brim with tears. I can’t help myself. That whole night comes flashing back. It’s almost too much to handle.
I wheel over to his side. His once lively gray blue eyes now stare blankly into space. Unconscious and cold. There are black bruises along his sharp jaw bone and stitches sewn up to close the gashes in his head. I close my eyes and open them again. This must be a bad dream! The image doesn’t go away.
“Can he hear us?” I ask, looking back at Nurse Daisy.
“The doctors can’t tell for sure right now until further tests can be done, but there is no harm in talking to him,” she says, “I will leave you two alone.”
Nurse Daisy exits the room. Everything is silent except the beeping of the monitors. I reach out and clutch his hand, hoping for him to grab hold of mine too and tell me everything will be all right. Instead, it just lies there motionless. “I am sorry Aden,” I whisper, “I need you to pull through for me. I can’t imagine you not being here.”

I just lay there with my head on his chest and feel his lungs expand and contract as he breathes. I close my eyes and replay every moment with Aden in my head.
Chapter 2
RILEY

“Good morning students of North High, the results for your senior prom are in!” the morning announcements blare through the intercom speakers. “Drum rollllll….. and the theme is………..A Starry Night!”
An applause breaks out in our senior homeroom. This will be the perfect end to our senior year. Ace all classes, check! Get accepted into Stanford, check! Valedictorian, check! And my all-time best friend since kindergarten is going to the same university as me and we will be roommates!!! It can’t get any better than this.
“EEEP! I just got a text from Ethan Bradley asking me to prom!” Sam squeals. Ethan is one of the football players at North High. Sam and Ethan have been hanging out for the past couple months. Nothing serious, just friends. I could tell that Sam was hoping it would turn into a more than just friend’s relationship.
“OMYGOSH! Sam! I knew it. I see that look he gives you every time he looks at you. This calls for celebration!” I say, sharing the same enthusiasm as Sam.
“Not so fast missy, I heard rumors that his friend Aden was going to ask a certain someone to prom,” she says as she points a finger in my direction.
Aden has hung out with us a few times when Sam and Ethan are together. I have had a HUGE crush on him since he moved here in 5th grade. I’ve dreamed about him asking me, but that’s all it is, a dream. Aden would never ask such a dork like me to prom. He and his girlfriend Lisa have been on and off again all year. I am sure they will make up by the time prom rolls around.
“No way! Last I heard was that he and Lisa were back together,” I say not believing her. I grab my pencil and start jotting down a reminder for myself about our final exam date.
“Well, I happen to have an inside source,” Sam declares, “And that inside source would never lie. We would be like “the” couples of prom. There would only be one problem though…”
“What would that be? That Aden hasn’t actually asked me out or will ever ask me?” I set down my pencil and roll my eyes at her.
“No, I am certain he will, and when he does…only one of us can be prom queen you know. If you win, I may have to rip that crown off your head!” Sam teases. We both giggle.
“It’s all yours,” I say in defeat.
When we were little, our moms had put us both in some pageant. It was the first and last one we would ever be in. That was where I met Sam for the first time. It was down to her and I. Both she and I have been competitive since we can remember so we gave this pageant all we had. We twirled our batons and flashed the judges our darling little smiles. Now it was down to the two of us. We stood next to each other smiling and waiting for the judges to come up and crown the winner. It seemed like a very long time, but then finally they announced, Riley Warren! One of the mature pageant girls came out on stage and placed that exquisite sparkly crown on my head. It was so huge, it barely fit on my little head. I won! I can’t believe I won! This was a great accomplishment for little me.
Little miss Sam was not happy with that. She wanted that crown and when Sam wants something, she will get it. So what does she do? She rips it out of my perfectly curled hair and put it on hers. I was devastated! How dare she! I won that crown fair and square.
I start crying and take it back, and then she starts crying! It wasn’t pretty, but in the end our moms made us apologize and make up. Somehow we became the best of friends that day. It’s funny how friendship works.
Ring ring ring. The first period bell rang. “See ya lunch period!” Sam says as she grabs her Betsy Johnson bag from the desk and makes her way out of the classroom door.
I gather my stuff too and make my way down the hallway. Just as I turn the corner, clumsy me kicks in at the worst time ever to be clumsy. I feel my body crash into another. All my books and papers fly everywhere and crash! I end up on the ground looking up at the ceiling. The figure I bump into comes into view and holds out their hand to mine to help me up. As I regain my vision, I see who it is. His perfect sandy blonde hair combed to perfection, those beautiful gray blue eyes you could get lost in all day, that athletic, solid body and the smell of musk cologne. It could be non-other than Aden. Aden Hansen.
“I am so sorry!” Aden exclaims as he reaches his hand out to help me up. I take hold of it and bring myself back up on my feet. My cheeks are probably the color of tomatoes right now! I hope he doesn’t notice. Maybe it will do me a favor and add color to my washed out face. A subtle glow, maybe? Who am I kidding, I am a mess! I hope my hair still looks okay.
“Thanks,” I say shyly. I know I have hung out around him before, but I get like this every single time. I forget how to talk and my heart feels like it is in one of those horse races speeding up to a million miles per minute. He probably thinks I am a dork. I try so hard to act normal, but that is never the case. I always end up making a fool out of myself.
“It was totally my fault. I shouldn’t have been walking right there,” He laughs, showing his perfect white teeth. “Let me make it up to you. Prom?”
Is this really happening right now? Aden is for real asking me to prom?! Somebody pinch me! What should I say? Say yes! But I shouldn’t sound too excited right? Play it cool Riley. “Um,” the only sound that comes out of my mouth. Really?! Just say yes already. “Sure I would love to go to prom with you,” I finally spit out, “But I think that fall was my fault,” I smile, “My mind was somewhere else and I wasn’t paying attention to where I was walking.”
“I don’t think it matters whose fault it was. All that matters is me and you dancing the night away. To be honest, I think I am the real winner here. I get to take you, Riley Warren, the most beautiful, intelligent girl in the whole school to prom.” He winks as he hands me the rest of my fallen papers. “Pick you up at 7.”
And that, my friends, was the start of it all.


Chapter 3
RILEY

It’s been about a week since graduation. The feeling of being done is incredible, but kind of daunting at the same time. It’s kind of like when you finish a book. That book made you laugh and cry and fill you with different emotions as you read chapter after chapter. There are twists and turns along the way, and by the end, you feel so delighted. Maybe the princess got the prince or the savior conquers another quest. It makes you feel good, but at the same time, it can be sad because it’s over. Time to move on to the next book. It’s exciting to start a new book and see what adventures it will take you on. It can be a little daunting to start from the beginning again, but you know it will be worth it in the end. There is a whole new world I get to discover now. The best part is, I get to do it all with Aden! He’s going to Berkley and I am going to Stanford. We will practically be neighbors! It’s funny how life works out sometimes.
Knock knock, I hear at the front door. He is early! I have half my hair pinned up into a heap of chaos at the top of my head and the other half I have down and curled. “Ouch!” I accidentally knock my curler against my wrist as I scramble to quickly get my hair unwrapped from the curling wand so I can get the door.
“Well that is definitely an interesting look for you,” Aden states as he tilts his head to one side, examining my half-finished hair as I open the door for him. “Whatever makes you feel good,” he teases.
“You’re here early,” I remark. I step back to let him into the house.
“You never know how traffic will be, turns out it wasn’t bad today. Now I get 10 extra minutes with you,” he says with a childish grin on his face. He leans in and gives me a kiss.
“Give me five minutes. Have a seat, make yourself comfortable.” I smile and point to a fuzzy stool I think I’ve had since I was 10. Sam and I are still in the process of moving our things to a small house on campus. This has been our first week away from home and living on our own. It’s been a bit challenging at times, but living with your best friend helps. Whenever Aden is here I always automatically forget all my worries when I am with him.
“What is this thing? Did you kill your teddy bear to make this?” Aden jokes, “First thing on our agenda today is to get you the ultimate chair for this space.”
I chuckle, “What is your definition of the ultimate chair?”
“For me, it would be enormous, leather and must have a recliner and drink holders. It would have to be comfy enough to sit in for hours on end while I watch TSN on the weekends. That’s just me. For you, hmm…” He scratches his chin and pretends like he is in a deep thought. “I think probably something…chic? Maybe white? Not too big, I don’t think you could fit much in this space haha. It would have to be comfy enough for you to sit and watch hours of The Bachelor. That would be the ultimate Riley chair.” He looks at me awaiting my response.
“You know me too well Aden,” I say sarcastically.
“And I will keep learning until I know absolutely everything about you,” he says, giving me a wink.
I walk back to my room to finish my hair. It’s been 2 months being with Aden but I feel like we’ve known each other for years. I can’t imagine him not being a part of my life.
I unwrap the last piece of hair from my curling wand and hairspray it in place. Just about done. I slip out of the pink Juicy Couture sweat pants I had on and put on my blush pink sun dress I had bought over spring break when Sam and I had our girl’s day out. It was simple, all one tone of color. No pattern, but it was fun too. It had a big bow on the side that cinched the waist in which made the dress flare out at the bottom. I stand back to take one last look in the mirror before going out to meet Aden. All set.
I walk out and do a twirl, showing off the complete outfit.
“You look amazing, as always,” Aden says, “It’s perfect.” He gets up off the chair and takes a few steps towards me.
I blush a little and brush a strand of hair off my shoulder. “So where are you taking me today?”
We have made it a goal to try and do something we both have never done before for every date we go on this summer. So far we have DJ’d. Aden was like a little kid, all giddy and excited about that date. It probably wouldn’t have been my first choice, but it turned out being better than I anticipated. There is a lot of detail and work that goes into it. We got to make a DJ remix song of our choice. We made a pretty awesome remix of Just the Way You Are by Bruno Mars. We had that song on repeat all day long. I don’t think either of us will ever get tired of listening to that song.
Aden allowed me to pick ballroom dancing as our next date. I was actually pretty nervous that I would have two left feet since I don’t have the greatest track record of being the most graceful. It turns out, I wasn’t too bad. Aden on the other hand had both of us on the ground a few times because of messing up a step. We both just laughed it off like it was nothing. Even though we were the newbies of the class, surrounded by excellent dancers who probably have had quite a bit of experience, it was just like it was the two of us in the whole ballroom.
“The Cabrillo Marine Aquarium,” he tells me.
“I thought that fish freak you out?” I ask. When we were on one of our first dates, I had wanted to order some salmon off the menu. He refused to let me. He said he had this weird phobia of fish. It didn’t matter if they were cooked up and served on a plate or swimming around, he refused to be around them or even look at them.
“I figured this could help me get over my fear,” he says standing up a bit straighter.
I raise my eyebrow. “If you start freaking out like a little kid, I refuse to be seen with you ever again.”
“You won’t have to worry. I have prepped myself by doing research on the aquarium and all the fish they have there. I did this all of course after I was able to even look at the pictures of them. I think that is a start.” Aden gives himself a pat on the back.
“Well then, if you’re ready, then I’m ready,” I say. He takes my hand and leads me out the door.

Aden pulls into a parking space at the aquarium and puts his car in park. He takes a deep breath in and unbuckles his seat belt.
“Are you sure you are ready for this?” I ask, “I don’t mind if we skip this and do something else in the area.”
“I’ve got this babe. I know you have always had a strange fascination with the ocean and I think you would love this place. I won’t let my little phobia get in the way,” he says as he places his hand on my knee.
“My mom has always told me I might be half mermaid,” I mess with him.
“In that case, if I don’t get over this soon, I may need to dump you. I like you, but kissing something half fish…” he shudders at the thought then laughs.
“Ok, let’s go fish boy,” I say. I reach for the door handle of the car to open it.
We both get out of his old beat up mustang and make our way through the entrance. The staff offices are on the right of us and an auditorium on the left. Straight ahead is an exhibit hall. “Let’s start with that,” I say. I am actually really loving this so far. Aden is right, I do have a fascination with the ocean.
When I was 6 or 7, I had an ocean themed room. My mom had hired someone to paint a mural on one of my walls to look like I was looking out a glass window into the bottom of the ocean. My bed was shaped like a clam or oyster and I would pretend I was Arial swimming around in my palace room under the sea.
I look over at Aden to see if he is enjoying this as much as I am. He looks like he just saw a ghost. We haven’t even got to the real fish yet. I sort of feel bad for him, but it’s kind of funny at the same time.
“This is fun,” he says with a fake smile plastered on his face. He starts walking up to one of the displays. “This is cute.” He points to the display on sea lions. “I’m glad they have something other than fish in here.”
“Well it’s a start,” I say, “Oh look! You can touch sea urchins and starfish.” In the middle of the exhibit hall, they have almost like a petting zoo, but for sea creatures set up.
Aden holds up his hands. “No way am I going anywhere near those things!” He starts to back away and heads in the opposite direction of it.
“Maybe at the end of our tour we can go there?” I ask, giving him puppy eyes.
“Maybe,” he says. “I’m not making any promises.”
I wrap my arms around him and we continue walking through the exhibits. I can tell Aden is nervous, but within the next 10 min, all those nerves had left.
“Awesome! Check out that great white!” Aden exclaims. I think he is really warming up to this idea of being surrounded by fish.
“Look at how big of a jaw that thing has.” He points at a great white jaw replica on display. “Let’s take a picture in it.” I get in it with him and we both give a frightened look to his camera.
We walk through rooms with wall to wall glass tanks filled with all types of fish of every color you can imagine. We see dolphins and sharks and even that little fish in Finding Nemo, a clown fish. Aden, not surprisingly, hasn’t seen that movie.
By the end of our tour through the aquarium, you would have never guessed Aden was afraid of fish. He was right into all the exhibits, asking all sorts of questions and taking a ton of pictures.
As we finish the last exhibit, Aden stops and turns to face me. “I think I am ready to touch some of those sea creatures,” he says, taking in a deep breath.
“Yay!” I clap my hand together. “Are you sure you are ready for this?”
“Ya, sure. I’ve got this now,” he says nonchalantly.
I walk over to a pool like display in the middle of the room with all sorts of plants native to the ocean and various shells and urchins. I pick up a starfish and hand it to Aden. He reluctantly takes it from my hands.
“No!” he lets out the girliest screech I have ever heard from a guy. Aden drops the starfish back into the pool. “Nope, I can’t do this! I am okay to look, but no way am I touching another one of those things.”
There are a couple of kids around us, probably around 6 years old who start laughing at him.
“Okay, I think we should go now sweetie,” I say, trying to control my laughter.
“This is not funny. How could you not find that disgusting?” he says, “I am going to wash my hands now and we can go have lunch on the beach in Coastal Park just outside.”
“Sounds good,” I say still giggling to myself. I can’t get that scream out of my head. The look on that one kids face was priceless!
“Stay right here,” he says as he runs back to his car. He comes back with a small wicker basket and a colorful oversized beach blanket in his hands.
“What is this?” I ask.
“I thought a picnic out here might be sort of romantic,” Aden says, shrugging his shoulders.
“Aw, how sweet,” I say, batting my eyes at him.
We walk to a dry spot on the sand and I help Aden spread out the blanket. We both sit down and Aden starts taking things out of his basket. He pulls out a small Hawaiian pizza, two small pieces of a chocolate caramel cake and a bottle of sparkling water.
“It looks delicious,” I say, “Did you make everything?”
“Ethan has been taking a few cooking classes so he can surprise Sam with a supper one of these day,.” Aden says as he pours some sparkling water into a plastic wine glass and hands it to me. “These are some of the things he is practicing. He told me to take them and test them out for him.”
“Aw, Sam will love that!” I say. I take the water that Aden just poured and take a sip.
“Don’t say anything to her,” Aden says, giving me a look as if to say I can’t keep a secret.
“You can trust me,” I say, “When have I told Sam anything I shouldn’t have?”
“Well there was that one time…” Aden starts to say.
“Not important,” I say, cutting him off, “I swear this time I will keep absolutely quiet.”
“Ethan is counting on this secret so don’t blow it for him.” Aden hands me a slice of pizza he had just cut and puts it on a plate. “Here, you take the first bit and see if it is Sam worthy.”
“Here goes nothing,” I say as I take a bite. I scrunch up my nose and give a look of disgust.
“Is it that bad?” he says looking worried, “There should be a restaurant somewhere around here we can go if it’s not edible.”
“Just kidding!” I say, “This is actually a fantastic pizza. Tell Ethan I give him the approval.” I give him a thumbs up.
“Don’t scare me like that!” he says laughing, “I put this lunch in Ethan’s hands.”
“Speaking of scared, you did pretty well in there today,” I commend him.
“It was actually very neat,” he admits, “I think it helped having such an adorable mermaid by my side the whole time,” he says as he starts tickling me.
“Stop!” I squeal as I fall over trying to protect myself from his hands. He leans over me and looks at me with his big blue eyes and gives me a kiss. His lips taste salty from the pizza. I melt into his strong arms that are wrapped around me. I wish this moment would last forever.
Buzz buzz buzz, my phone interrupts our moment. “Sorry,” I apologize. I look over at my phone and I see a message from Sam saying, That sounds super! I will let Ethan know.
“You didn’t tell Sam already about Ethan’s surprise did you?” Aden says raising his eyebrow.
I roll my eyes. “No, did you even see me texting this whole time we were out here? Anyways, while you were gone to get our lunch, I asked Sam if she wanted to have you and Ethan over tonight to watch Finding Nemo. I figured it would be a good way to end our day since it will continue on with the theme of today.”
“Disney movies?” he groans, “Are there explosions or a massive shark attack at least?”
“Oh come on, I think Ethan has seen it before and liked it,” I say, trying to persuade him, “And yes, there is an explosion and there is kind of a shark attack.”
“Fine, but only because Ethan will be there,” he says not sounding too thrilled.
“You’re the best,” I say leaning in to kiss him.
We spend the rest of the afternoon laying there watching the ocean roll in and out of the shore. We walked around the park area and collected some shells from the beach. We even had the chance to see some sea lions off the shore diving in and out of the water, playing like there was not a care in the world. This day couldn’t have gone any better.
Chapter 4
RILEY

Knock knock, I turn my head to see Nurse Daisy enter the hospital room. “I need you to come back to your room for bit,” she says, “The doctor has arrived and is ready to see Aden. It won’t be too long. You should be able to come by late afternoon.”
I stand up and take one last look at him before I leave. “Goodbye Aden, I will be back in a few hours, I promise.” Then I take hold of the wheels on my chair and wheel out the door. Nurse Daisy doesn’t say much to me as she walks me back to my room. She must sense I am not in the mood for talking to her at the moment. She just walks next to me with her gaze fixed ahead.
“These tests won’t hurt him right?” I say, breaking the silence.
“Don’t worry Riley, he is in good hands. They won’t do anything to hurt Aden, only help,” She assures me.
We get to my room and she stops to help push the door open for me so I can wheel myself in.
“Thank you,” I say appreciatively to her. She is the one person in this hospital that I know I can always rely on. She is so kind and takes the time to help and listen to me. Everyone else always seems to be in such a hurry, they have no time look at me as a person, just another patient filling up another room. Since day one, Nurse Daisy has always taken the time to make sure I am comfortable. If I need to talk and let everything out, she always stays that extra minute just to listen. She also has given me some great advice and words of encouragement when I am feeling down. This whole experience is ten times better because of her.
“Do you need any help back onto your bed?” Nurse Daisy asks me.
“No, I think I can manage,” I say, “I am not going to have you around forever.” I wink at her and smile.
Nurse Daisy turns and gives me a smile before she walks out the door.
I wheel myself to the edge of the bed and take hold of the crutches to help myself up. It’s getting easier for me to do that now. I just lie there and stare blankly at the stony gray wall ahead of me. I think of what Aden would be saying to me right now if he was awake and with me. He would probably find something about this situation to joke about and lighten up the mood. He was good at that, making me laugh at the most serious of times. I think it was his way of dealing with tough situations. He would probably tell me that no matter what, at least we have each other and that is all that matters. He would still love me even with my scrapes and bruises, and broken leg. He would kiss the scar on my head with the gentlest touch of his lips and make it feel like it was never there. He would hold me close and make me feel safe. A tear comes rolling down my cheek as I think of all these things. The specialists are here today and I know they can help Aden. I just have to be patient and in no time Aden will be back to the normal, sweet, sensitive, funny, protective man I love. I close my eyes and feel myself drifting off to sleep when I hear the clap of high heels come running into my room.
“Riley!” Sam squeals as she runs up and wraps her arms tightly around me. “How are you doing? How’s Aden doing? Omygosh, living these past few days without you has been torture! I need you back Riley! I had to get Ethan to move in because I just couldn’t handle being alone.”
“Did someone say my name?” Ethan asks as he walks through the door dragging the biggest teddy bear in the world behind him. “This is for you. Sam picked him out. Oh, and these too.” He reaches into his bag and hands me a box of Lindor chocolates.
“Aw, thanks guys,” I say with a big smile. It is nice to have some familiar faces here. I haven’t seen anyone since the first day I got here. My mom and dad were here right away at the beginning of it all, but once they found out that I was okay and was going to live, they went back to their jobs and daily routines. I have only got a couple brief calls and text messages from them checking up on me since then.
My parents are very work orientated. I guess that is where I get it from. I promised myself that if I ever become a mother, I would be more involved in my child’s life. My mom and dad never came to my school’s science fair in 2nd grade, never came to my junior varsity volleyball championship, or anything else that most parents would drop everything and go to, just to see their kid succeed at something. They always made me work hard for everything. I love them and I am grateful for them pushing me to challenge myself. I wouldn’t be where I was today without that motivation, but I wish they were there for me more.
“I am doing better than before. My stitches are slowly healing up. They are a little sore. I’ve been managing to get around quite well in this wheelchair,” I point to it sitting next to my bed, “And even though it’s been only a few days in physio, I feel like I am improving.”
“How long until you get to ditch the wheels?” Sam asks. She walks over to my wheelchair and sits down and wheels herself around to the other side of the bed.
“The doctor says that it might take up to 4 months to fully recover. If I work hard, I may be able to reduce that time. Also my bones are very healthy so that will help in a quicker recovery,” I say, trying to sound hopeful.
“That’s my girl, never a quitter, always a fighter,” Sam says, giving me a wink.
“So how’s Aden?” Ethan asks as he looks out the window staring off at the skyline.
“I was able to see him this morning for the first time. He still is unconscious. The doctors can’t tell for sure yet if he can hear us,” I manage to say before getting choked up again. I take in a deep breath to try and calm myself down.
“The doctors are in today to run some tests to see what they can do to help,” I say after regaining control of my emotions.
“Oh honey, come here,” Sam says as she gives me another hug. We just stay there in silence for the next few minutes. It feels good to have her and Ethan here. I know it must be hard for her to know what to say to me. I know I wouldn’t if the roles were reversed. I know that she may not understand completely how I feel right now and she may never fully get it, but I do know that she is trying and that is all that matters to me.
Ethan just stands there awkwardly staring at us in this moment full of feeling and emotion. “I feel like I need to get in on this hugging action too,” he says, breaking up the silence. Then he comes up beside Sam and gives us both a gigantic hug and makes a grunting noise as if he were a bear. Both Sam and I laugh at him. “I think I need to get out of here before all this mushy girl stuff gets to my head,” Ethan says as he lets both of us go and laughs. “I’m going to grab something from the vending machine, either of you want something?”
“Surprise us,” Sam says. Then she gives him a quick kiss on the cheek before he makes his way out of the room.
“You have got yourself a great guy,” I say to Sam, “By the way, how is life living with Ethan like? I bet Monday Bachelorette nights aren’t quite the same anymore.”
“Actually, things have been going pretty smoothly so far,” Sam says, “I mean, it’s not perfect, there were a few hiccups, but we worked them out. Most of them at least. One of them being who got the TV Monday evening,” She says with a laugh, “I won. My house, my rules. He actually got pretty into the Bachelorette. I am surprised! He was all like, nope, that one is a player can’t trust him and that guy is too into himself and that guy is overly sensitive. According to him, Brad will be the one Vanessa chooses in the end.”
“Oh wow! I don’t think I could ever get Aden to watch that,” I say laughing, trying to picture Aden giving up his TSN to watch it.
“Ya, he’s great, but don’t tell Aden. I am sworn to secrecy that I would tell no one of that night,” Sam says, “Ethan said that next week, if you are not home yet, he calls dibs on the TV, so you better be able to get out of here by then,” She says grinning, “Oh, and I PVR’d this week’s episode for you. Ethan figured out how to get all our recordings on the iPad through the TV provider’s app so I brought it with me.” She hands my iPad to me. “That way, if you get board of the same 2 stations they have playing here, you can have some good television to watch.”
“That’s awesome, thanks!” I say, taking it from her and setting it on the night stand next to me.
“Don’t worry, I won’t spoil it for you,” Sam adds.
“That’s right you won’t,” I say, “But after I watch it, we will totally need to discuss it.”
“Ethan has some good points, but it’s not the same as watching it with you,” says Sam.
“I bet you and Ethan are enjoying all the alone time together.” I give Sam a wink.
“Actually that’s the one thing we both agree is the upside of all of this. We don’t have to worry about when you’re going to be home or how much noise we make or....”
I give her a nudge on the shoulder, “Hey! I am glad you two are enjoying each other’s company, but spare me the details please.”
“Okay, I’ve got Doritos, Skittle’s, a Cadbury bar, Lays, water and some juice,” Ethan says, walking into the room with his arms full of his vending machine finds. “There has to be something out of all of this that you will want.” He tosses the food onto my bed. Then he grabs himself a chair and pop’s a chip into his mouth. “So, what did I miss?” he says with his mouth full. Sam and I both look at each other and laugh. Ethan gives us a look of suspicion and then carries on eating.
“Riley, can I speak with you in the hallway?” Nurse Daisy says as she steps into my room.
Both Sam and I give each other the same look as if to say, what’s going on? “Um ya sure. Is everything okay?” I ask Nurse Daisy.
“Yes, everything is okay,” she says, “I would like to introduce you to Aden’s doctor.”
Sam helps me into my wheelchair and I meet the nurse in the hallway just outside my room. Standing beside her is a tall man with greying hair and blue eyes. He is wearing a long white lab coat with his name embroidered on the upper left side above a small pocket. Dr. Harley is what it reads. He looks at me as I approach and holds out his hand.
“Hello, you must be Riley,” he says, “I’m Dr. Harley. I will be working with Aden over the next few months.”
“Nice to meet you,” I say back giving him a firm handshake.
“I have some good news about Aden,” Dr. Harley starts off saying. His mouth curls up into a small smile.
“Really? What?” I ask, trying not to get too excited.
“Well, when my assistant and I arrived this morning, we found Aden awake in his bed,” he explains.
My eyes grow big with excitement, “Oh my gosh!” I exclaim as I cover my mouth in shock. “I was just there a few minutes before you showed up and he was still in a coma.”
“That’s what we think triggered him to wake up. Having someone familiar and someone who he feels comfortable around was enough to help spark something in him to wake,” he continues on.
“That’s terrific! When can I see him? Does this mean he should be well enough to leave here soon?” I ask. My mind is swirling with questions after hearing this news.
“Yes, it is terrific news, but there is a catch,” he says. He takes off his glasses and puts them in the pocket of his lab coat.
“What catch?” I ask. That feeling of thrill slowly vanishes. I knew that this news could be too good to be true. There always has to be a catch.
“Aden is awake and is aware of everything going on. He is also able to move and walk, but his speech seems to have been affected. He fully grasps what is being said to him and he knows what he would like to say, but nothing comes out that makes any sense. It’s what we call Expressive Aphasia. Right now, there is no known treatment for this condition, but Dr. Lang and I have been doing several experiments over the years and we may have found a treatment,” The doctor says to me.
I let out a sigh of relief. I thought he was going to tell me something ten times worse. I know Aden well enough to know that he will find a way to deal with his speech loss. It would be devastating to have that disability, but it could have been a lot worse.
“What Dr. Lang and I will be doing now is figuring out if this treatment we have found could be performed on Aden. Dr. Lang is an incredible neurosurgeon and will give 110% to help Aden regain his speech. I will be there every step of the way with Aden. I know we said you could visit Aden later today, but I think its best that he gets some rest. Tomorrow we have a lot to do with him,” he says to me then pats my shoulder and walks away, leaving Nurse Daisy and I alone in the empty hallway.
Nurse Daisy gives me a smile, “This is really good news Riley. From the track record Dr. Lang has, your man will be talking in no time.”
“I hope so,” I say, “I don’t want to get myself too hyped over it though, and find myself disappointed in the end.”
Chapter 5
ADEN

I remember feeling a petite hand in mine and a voice that sounded an awful like Riley’s. I couldn’t make out the words because they were all muffled like I was under water. Then abruptly I wake up from what seemed like a century of sleep. On top of that, I had the worst nightmare that Riley and I were in an accident and there was screaming and glass flying everywhere. Then I realized it wasn’t a dream. It was all too real and I am sitting in a hospital bed to prove it. A wave of worry rushes through me. Is Riley okay? How long have I been here for? I need someone to come here soon so I can find out exactly what is happening. I close my eyes and try to think of happy memories to neutralize my worry. I think back to this past winter when Riley and I travelled back home after our mid-terms. My parents had moved after I graduated so we stayed with Riley’s folks. As scary as it was staying her parents, it was one of the best weeks of my life.
I look over to my side and see Riley, mouth half open, sleeping with her purple travel pillow around her neck. I have no idea how someone can sleep in such an awkward sleeping position. We are a little over an hour away from her parents’ house. Both of us agreed to drive there for our holidays rather than fly since we figured it would be a fun adventure. It is about a six hour drive, but with Riley here, time has flown by.
I flip through the radio stations to find something decent to listen to. “Up next is an old time favorite, Just the Way you Are by Bruno Mars,” the radio announcer says.
“It’s our song,” Riley says groggily as she slowly wakes up from her sleep.
“Hey, look who’s finally awake.” I look over at her with a grin.
“How much longer until we get there?” she asks.
“About an hour,” I reply.
“Wow, that was quick. I must have slept a good 2 hours. Sorry for being such a buzzkill,” she laughs.
“Don’t worry, you didn’t miss much. Plus it was quite entertaining watching you sleep. You make the strangest noises.”
She looks over at me with her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, “Was I really that bad?”
“Who knew that such a small girl like you could make such a ginormous snore? I have got the audio recording to prove it.”
Riley hits my shoulder, “You didn’t!”
“No, actually I didn’t. That would be mean, but I should have. I could have posted it and you would have become an internet sensation!” I tease.
“Haha very funny,” she says sarcastically to me. “I’m sure you snore too.”
“Me? Nah, I sleep without making a peep,” I say.
“How do you know? You’re sleeping the whole time,” she says with an eyebrow raised.
“You got me there,” I say, raising my hands in defeat.
I reach over to the volume control and turn the dial up. “Because you’re amazing, just the way you are,” I start singing in my best Bruno Mars voice.
Riley joins in, “When I see your face, there’s not a thing that I would change, cuz boy you’re amazing, just the way you are.”
“Nicely done Riles!” I give her a high five.
“Why thank you,” she says as she pretends to give a little curtsy. “You’re not too bad yourself.”
I turn down the radio and look at Riley. “I know this might come as a surprise to you, but I am kind of nervous about meeting your folks. What if they can’t stand me being around for a week?”
I have met Riley’s parents briefly here and there when we were still in high school. When I did talk to them it was only a brief greeting.
“I’m sure they will like you as much as I do,” Riley says as she blows me a kiss.
“Your parents have important jobs and have the best house and best car and only eat the best food. They even raised you to do the best you could at everything. What if I don’t hold up to their standards Riles?”
“Aden, you don’t have to be perfect. You were the star quarterback, got a scholarship and are now playing at Berkley. And most important, you care for me and make me happy,” she says sincerely.
“But what if all that isn’t good enough for them? What if it’s me as a person they don’t like? All those other things wouldn’t matter then,” I say.
“My parents seemed to like you before, why wouldn’t they like you now? You worry too much,” Riley says as she looks at me with a genuine smile. “What you do have to worry about is not hitting that rabbit in the middle of the road!” she screams.
I turn to look at the road and sure enough, there is a small bunny just chilling in the middle of the lane I am driving down. “Crap!” I slam on the brakes.
“Nice save!” she exclaims.
“All in the name of saving cute little creatures.” I say.
The next 45 min flew by. Between our jam out sessions to the music and conversations about our parents, I barely remember pulling up into the Warren’s driveway. It is just as I remember it back in June. Riley was lucky to live in such a palace. I bet three families could live there. The front is all done in gray tones of stone and there is a big wooden door at the entrance. It is two stories high and has huge windows that open up to balcony’s on the top story.
“Home sweet home,” Riley says as she opens the car door.
I hop out and start unloading our luggage out of the trunk.
“Riley, Aden,” Mrs. Warren greets both of us with a hug as she comes out to see us.
“Thanks for letting me stay with you guys,” I say to her.
“Oh, anytime Aden. You will feel like one of the family in no time here,” she says.
Family. That word sticks with me. I drift off for a moment, thinking about what a family with Riley would be like.
“George, come and help the kids bring in their things,” Mrs. Warren shouts out to Riley’s father.
“Yep, I am coming, just need to slip some shoes on,” he replies back.
“You look so grown up,” Mrs. Warren says to Riley, “My little girl in Stanford and with a boyfriend. Time just goes by too quickly.”
“Mom!” Riley says blushing in embarrassment.
“Let me show you to your room Aden. Riley, you will take your old room,” Mrs. Warren says. I follow her through the grand foyer and up the spiral staircase to the left. She stops two rooms in down the hall. “Make yourself at home.”
Mr. Warren catches up behind us and sets my bags on the ground of the room. “Just so you know, Riley’s room is on the other wing of the house and right in the middle, you have to pass our room. So no funny business will be going on as long as you are in my house,” he says sternly.
“Yes Sir,” I say, trying to keep a straight face. It’s not like I would try. Riley and I have made a vow to wait. Call me old fashioned, but that is not what should be the focus of our relationship right now.
“Come on George, let’s let him get settled in,” Mrs. Warren says.
This room is massive compared to my little one bed dorm room back in California. There is a floor to ceiling window on the opposite side of the room that leads out to a small balcony looking over the open field. The field is blanketed in snow that glistens in the sun. It is a million dollar view. There is a large round desk in the corner of the room and the bed is centered on the back wall across from a fireplace. Everything is brown tones and masculine looking. There is even a deer head above the bed. I haven’t decided if it is cool or creepy.
“Hey G Bear!” Riley pops out from around the corner. G Bear is her nickname for me since my team is the California Golden Bears that I play for at Berkley. “So how do you like your new room?”
“Way different than I am used to, but I think I will manage.” I flop down on the bed. “Oh my! I think this has to be the comfiest bed I have ever been on in my life! Now this I will miss leaving behind.”
Riley rolls her eyes at me and tries to lift me off. “Come on, we should head down.”
“Ya, and you probably shouldn’t be in my room. I wouldn’t want to see the wrath of your father,” I say.
“He already laid down the rules for you?” she asks with a laugh.
“I wouldn’t be caught dead by your father,” I say, “He looks like someone you wouldn’t want to mess with.”
“That’s right. I have seen that side of him one too many times. Trust me, it isn’t pretty,” she says.
“Mmm, it smells terrific in here Mrs. Warren,” I say as we walk into the kitchen.
“Oh, thank you Aden. I just threw together a small welcome home supper,” she says as she sets down the last of the plates on the table.
“Small? This could feed an army! You didn’t need to go through all this work just for us,” I say.
“Aden’s right, I never got feasts like this when I was living at home. You only did this when we had a special occasion,” Riley says.
“It is a special occasion, my daughter is home,” Mrs. Warren says, smiling at Riley.
“Thank you mom, you’re the best,” Riley says as she gives her mom a hug.
Mr. and Mrs. Warren may always be busy and might have not been there for Riley for some big moments in her life, but when they did find the time, they genuinely showed how much they love her. Tonight you could see the affection they had for her.
“How is school going Aden? Are you enjoying your new team?” Mr. Warren asks.
“It’s been a little tough, especially just before mid-terms, but I had a great study partner.” I nudge Riley. “She has helped me a lot with organizing everything and focusing on my studies.” I reach over and take a sip of my wine that is in front of me then continue on, “Playing for the Golden Bears is incredible! Some of those guys are powerhouses. I really had to up my game.”
“I bought some tickets for next season’s game,” Mr. Warren says, “I look forward to seeing you play.”
“I guess I better up my performance for you Mr. W.” I wink and point at him. So far so good. I don’t think Riley’s parents hate me. At least if they do, they don’t show it.
“You can call me George,” he says.
The rest of super went really well. I felt right at home here. We all laughed and joked around with each other. Every time I looked over at Riley, you could see the sparkle in her eye and a smile that showed she was having a good time. You could tell she was glad to be back at home.
“That was amazing! Thank you so much for this supper,” I say, eating the last bit of turkey on my plate.
“You really outdid yourself mom. It was delicious. I have missed your cooking,” Riley says.
“I thought you would say that,” Mrs. Warren says, “Which is why I made some meals and froze them for you to take back. You can take some too, Aden.”
“Sweet! Thanks mom!” Riley says.
“It’s the least I can do for you,” she says as she starts gathering all the plates.
“Let me help you,” I say to Mrs. Warren as I pick up a few plates from off the table.
“No need to help. I’ve got it,” Mrs. Warren says.
“It’s not a problem,” I say. Riley and I both insist we help.
“Six hands are better than two,” Riley says.
We both start gathering the dishes off the table and bring them over to the sink to wash them.
Just as I hand Riley the last of the dishes that needs to be put away, I notice Ms. Warren rush to take a phone call in the other room. She is on the phone for only a few moments then she returns.
“Your father and I will have to slip out this evening. They are having some troubles at work. Don’t wait up for us,” Mrs. Warren tells Riley as she grabs her coat and heads out the front door in a hurry.
“Okay. I am kind of tired anyway and should probably get to bed,” Riley says sounding disappointed.
“Hey, it’s okay,” I tell her, “We have all week. Just because they won’t be here one evening doesn’t mean you won’t get to see them at all.”
“I know, I just thought maybe they would make an exception,” she says.
“Want to go for a walk?” I suggest, “It’s a beautiful evening.”
“A walk right now actually sounds great,” she says.
“There’s that smile I love so much,” I say as I place my finger on her nose.
It is a beautiful evening. The sun has just about set and everywhere you look is a winter wonderland. The air is crisp and you can see our breath.
“I am surprised how much my parents did for us with that whole meal and all. Usually they never do anything for me,” Riley tells me.
“Maybe they realize how much they missed you after you left. You don’t know what you have until it’s gone,” I say.
“Maybe. I just really hope they take more time for us this week. If this evening tells you anything, I doubt it.”
“Don’t give up on them so fast. I saw how excited they were to see you today. If they fail to recognize how important time spent with them is to you, then it’s their loss,” I say, trying to reassure her.
“Do you think you could ever see yourself part of my family?” she asks.
“Honestly, that was the first thing I thought of when your mom had said something about me and the family. I care for you so much and your family is pretty great too,” I confess.
“Do you think that our relationship will last?” she asks.
“Of course! Why would you even think it wouldn’t?” I ask, unsure of why she would even question our relationship.
“It’s just that, I see couples on campus all the time who are constantly breaking up. There are a few in my course who had high school sweethearts, some even in the same school as them. None of the relationships lasted. Once university started up and real life sunk in, most of them couldn’t handle it and went their separate ways, or they saw some cute girl or guy in their class and decided they wanted a new start with someone else. What if that happens to us?” Riley says, looking concerned.
“Babe, that’s them. We have a solid relationship and you know you are the only girl I want. I can’t even imagine my life without you. I wouldn’t be able to get through school without your help. I don’t know a single person who could replace you. If the going gets tough, I know we will work things out Riles because that is what we do. Don’t let other people’s experiences get in your head. We are not them. This is us and our relationship,” I tell her.
“I know I shouldn’t compare ourselves to others, but things are just going so well with us that I am scared of something happening and it being all over. That something will jinx it,” she says.
Then it happened, I said it, “Riley Warren, I love you.” I have never said that to anyone in my life but family up until this point. I’ve never felt this way about anyone the way I feel about Riley.
“I love you too,” she replies, smiling as a small tear drops from the corner of her eye. I take my finger and wipe it away and slowly put my lips to hers.
From that moment on I knew Riley was the one.
Chapter 6
RILEY

“What did the nurse say?” Sam asks as soon as I walked back into the room.
“Well, it was good and bad news about Aden,” I start, “The good news is that Aden is conscious!” I say, trying to sound as positive as I can.
“That’s great news!” Sam exclaims clapping her hands.
“What is the bad news?” Ethan asks, looking a little concerned as he fidgets with the corner of the hospital blanket.
“The problem is, Aden can’t talk. He understands everything completely fine, but his brain doesn’t know how to compute and be able to communicate to put his thoughts into words,” I say, not able to contain the worry in my voice.
“Did they say whether or not he can regain his speech?” Ethan asks. I think he is just as worried about Aden as I am. Aden is almost like a brother to him.
“They are not sure yet. They will have to run through a few tests to see where the problem is,” I say, not looking up.
“How is he going to communicate right now until they have a solution?” Sam asks.
“I’m not sure. The doctor never gave me much detail. I will be able to see Aden tomorrow. I guess I will find out then,” I say. I am trying so hard to look at this as a glass half full. Aden is awake now. It’s just his speech. I am sure that they will figure something out and if they can’t, I know we can figure out how to deal with it, I keep reminding myself, but it’s not enough and I can’t help but cry. All the images and details of that night come crashing into my thoughts like a tsunami wave that cannot be stopped.
It was the day after our final exams for the year. We made it through our first year of university! It felt like a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. No more exams or studying until fall. We can just sit back and relax, not stressing about an assignment due or pulling all nighters to memorize chapters of textbooks. Best of all, its summer! My favorite season.
Clink, I look to my left at Sam and Ethan who are both laughing so much that they are just about in tears. I look to my right at Aden, who has a smirk on his face.
“To making it through our first year of university!” I exclaim as we all raise our glasses in a toast.
“And to all still being best friends!” Sam remarks as she gulps back half of her wine.
“That’s right! After some of the things we’ve been through and the fights we have gotten into, it’s a surprise we are all sitting here together,” Ethan says. We all laugh at that. It’s true. Especially during finals, everyone was tired and cranky with everyone. Sam and I couldn’t be in the same room at times. Other times, I had to leave our house just to get away and be alone.
“Sorry to break up the conversation like this,” Aden apologizes, “But Riley, I have something for you.” He pulls out from under the table a square black box with a silver ribbon around it.
“What’s this for?” I say surprised. I slowly take the ribbon off and lift up the corner of the lid. I pull out a striking little black dress. It is fitted at the top with silver jewels along the neckline. From the waist down, the skirt of the dress flairs to about knee length. “I love it! It’s gorgeous!”
“Sam helped me pick it out.” Aden gestures over to Sam who does a small nod of her head. “I wanted to get you something for making it through this first year of university together.”
“Thank you,” I say, “It was very thoughtful of you, and Sam, thank you for steering him in the right direction.” I give her a smile of appreciation.
“Now, I need you to hurry and put that dress on,” Aden says to me, “Otherwise we are going to be late.”
“Late for what?” I ask suspiciously.
“A surprise,” he says playfully.
“You are always full of surprises,” I say smiling.
“Less chit chat and more getting ready!” he scolds me then laughs.
I turn to Sam and give her a look as if to say, what’s going on? She tilts her head back and lets out a burst of laughter. “Go!” she shoo’s me away with her hand.
What is this boy up to? I think to myself as I walk over to my room to get ready.
I decide to put my hair up into a French twist since it matched the sophisticated, formal style of the dress. Just before I go out to meet Aden, I grab my Chanel clutch and put on some red lipstick.
“Looking hot!” Sam whistles to me as I walk over to the table.
I look down at the ground with a smile and blush. I notice Aden is not at the table anymore. “Where did Aden go?” I ask.
“Right here,” says a voice from behind me. Aden comes up from behind and grabs my waist to turn me around. Aden has his hair slicked back and is wearing a perfectly fitted tux.
“I don’t think I have ever seen you clean up this good,” I say, “You look very dashing darling,” I say in my best British accent.
“Thank you darling, you look very dapper yourself,” he says back in a British accent.
“So, what’s the occasion?” I ask.
“I thought we need to kick off the start of this summer with something special,” he says.
“Fair enough,” I say.
Aden links his arm with mine and leads me out the front door. “See you guys later.” Aden waves back at Ethan and Sam. “Don’t get in any trouble.”
“Us trouble?” Ethan asks, “We would never get in trouble.” He looks over at Sam, who already has a devious look.
“Have fun you two,” She hollers back.
Aden leads me out to his car and opens the passenger door for me to get in. “Sorry my beat up car doesn’t match our look tonight, but it will still get us to where we need to go. Renting a limo was a little out of my budget right now.”
“Your car kind of looks like a limo,” I say.
Aden looked confused by that, “How so?”
“If you close this eye,” I hold my hand over his right eye. “And this eye,” I put my other hand over his left eye, “Do you see it now?”
“Haha, I think I see it now!” he says sarcastically, then he removes my hands from his face and kisses me. “You always have to be optimistic don’t you?”
“Can you give me a hint at least of where we are going?” I ask him.
“Let me think,” he says, “Well, we are going to a place that serves food.”
“That narrows it down to about a billion places,” I say.
“Trust me on this,” Aden says as he shuts the door for me and goes around to the driver’s side.
As we drive, I admire all the lights of the city, making the street glow beneath them. I love driving at night because that is when the city comes alive. The atmosphere completely changes from the hustle and bustle of everyday life to fun and energetic at night.
As we drive through one of the major intersections, I notice something strange. I see a pair of bright lights that appear to be getting closer to us. I know they aren’t streetlights or the lights on the shops. Then I realize they are a pair of headlights coming straight at us. “Aden!” I scream. My head whips forward and I hit my head on the dashboard, I feel the impact of the other vehicle hit us. The glass of the windshield shatters across the car as if it was a thin piece of ice. I feel a piece gash into the side of my head and all I remember after that is feeling scared and dizzy, then everything went black.
Chapter 7
ADEN

“I will just adjust this to the right height for you and then you’re all set to go,” Dr. Harley says as he adjusts the keyboard to swivel from the side of my bed to over my lap.
“To turn it on and off, just press this little green button here on the top left corner of the keyboard. Just start typing whatever you would like to say just as you would type on a computer. Your words will show up on the screen here so you can see what you have typed. When you are done, just press enter and the machine will do the talking for you. Go ahead and try it out.” He gestures to the machine.
“Hello, my name is Aden,” I type and press enter.
“Hello, my name is Aden,” the computer says in a monotone voice.
“Perfect!” Dr. Harley exclaims. “Don’t you just love technology? This is just a temporary means to communicate at the moment. We just need to review the MRI scans we took of your left frontal lobe and determine if we can perform any surgery to help get your speech back. It is experimental, but we have successfully completed this procedure several times in our labs. We just have to examine your brain and adjust the procedure accordingly. ”
“How long do you think that will take?” I type.
“It may take a few months. We want to make sure that we assess everything and know for certain that we know exactly every move we are making,” he explains.
“What if it doesn’t work?” the computer says after I press enter.
“That is why we want to take our time examining and evaluating your brain so we can go into this surgery with full confidence that you will come out of it speaking again,” he says.
“Hey, can I come in?” Ethan asks as he pokes his head around the corner of the room.
“Yes, I am done here for now,” Dr. Harley says as he puts his pen into his shirt pocket. “Aden is all set to communicate thanks to Barb 2000 here.” He gives the computer a pat.
“Fancy,” Ethan says, letting out a small snicker. “Step aside Riley because Aden has a new girl in his life, Barb.”
“That’s enough Ethan,” I type.
“Wow, that’s so weird bro,” Ethan says. “That will take some getting used to for sure.”
“Well I am off and running,” Dr. Harley says as he leaves the room. “If you have any problems, just let me know. If you press that red button it will notify me and I will be here as soon as possible.”
“So how long before you can speak?” Ethan asks.
“A few months at the least,” I type.
“So I am guessing you never got to ask Riley yet,” Ethan says, looking at me sympathetically.
“No, not yet. It can wait a few months I guess. I want her to be able to hear me ask with my own words and not this stupid machine. That time can’t come soon enough. This accident just shows how fast things can change,” I type.
The night the accident happened, I was taking Riley to Perch, a fancy rooftop restaurant in downtown L.A. I had Sam help me pick out a nice dress for Riley that would be suitable for the occasion. I also had her help choose a tux for me. I had the perfect night planned. We would have a decadent dinner, along with champagne and dessert. I had a section of the restaurant reserved where I had a candle lit path leading to a pedestal in the middle that held a little red box containing a ring. I planned on getting down on one knee and asking her to be my wife that night.
“Don’t tell anybody this, it’s between us brothers,” I type, “I’m scared. What if this surgery doesn’t work out and I am stuck speaking through a computer for the rest of my life? What if Riley will get sick of hearing a robot voice every day and decide that she can’t be with me anymore?” I say through the emotionless computer.
“Aden, don’t be. The doctors are sure they can do this and I know Riley would never leave you for such a dumb reason. Sam and I have talked to her and you are the only thing on her mind right now. She loves you and if she can’t handle such a petty thing as a computer talking for you, then she doesn’t deserve you. There are way worse things that could have happened to you and she knows that. She is grateful that you are even alive right now,” Ethan says sternly.
“Thanks,” I say to him through the machine. His words take away some of the fear I have, but there is still a part of me that is scared to death of what can happen.
“Hey, I smuggled in some BBQ chips for you. I figured you might want something other than hospital food.” Ethan tosses me the bag.
“Sweet!” I open up the bag and pop one in my mouth. “So good!” I type as I shut my eyes and enjoy the flavor and crunch of the chip. “How are things with you and Sam?” I ask as I take out another chip from the bag.
“I have moved into the girls place since Riley hasn’t been there. Sam wanted some company,” Ethan said.
I give Ethan a shocked look on my face. “Really? How is that working out for you?” I type.
“We are working out the kinks. So far it’s been great. I just think of it as practice for the future,” he says. “Sam and I have been talking and we think that maybe after our schooling, we will look at finding a place together. Maybe even sooner if you and Riles get hitched.”
“Good for you two,” I type. “Do you think you would ever ask Sam to marry you? Getting a place together is a big step, but don’t you want to maybe have a wedding first? I know you are a traditional guy like me.”
“That is one thing that has been running through my mind ever since you told me about proposing to Riley. Living together right now just feels right and I would like to get married eventually,” Ethan says. “With the whole accident and you going to propose to Riley, I think I will wait a little bit longer. I want this time to be about you two. I don’t want to steal your guys’ thunder. Plus, if both Riley and Sam were brides at the same time,” Ethan stops to look up at an imaginary thought bubble, “As much as they are good friends, I don’t think that it would end well. Have you seen the movie Bride Wars?”
I let out a laugh. Ethan’s right, I think we would have a couple of bridezilla’s to deal with if both were engaged at the same time. “You know, you don’t have to purpose the same time as me?”
“Which is why I am waiting,” Ethan says. “Speaking of wars, I downloaded a bunch of World of Warcraft extension packages for you,” Ethan says as he reaches behind him to his backpack to pull out my laptop.
“Thanks man,” I type.
“I figured it would get boring here for you since there is not much you can do in a hospital but sit and watch the news all day,” Ethan says, “Plus I miss playing with you. Playing a solo game just isn’t the same.”
“You got that right,” I type.

Chapter 8
RILEY

“Ouch!” I cry.
“Sorry,” Sam apologizes as she takes another strand of my hair and crosses it over another, forming it into a braid. “I am just about done.”
Sam reaches into her bag and pulls out a mirror for me to take a look at the fishtail braid she just finished doing in my hair. “It looks great Sam! Thanks. I can never get my braids to look as good as the ones you do.”
“Aw, thanks,” Sam says, “I have missed doing your hair.”
Usually every second weekend Sam and I would have a girl’s night. We would lounge in our oversized pj’s, make a bunch of snack food, do each other’s hair and watch a chic flick. I know it sounds so lame that we still do that kind of thing since we are both in university, but I could care less. I still enjoy that sort of thing.
“Now I can look somewhat presentable for Aden,” I say.
“Hold on one second,” Sam says. She grabs some lip gloss from her purse and hands it to me. “No offense, but this hospital air has done quite a toll on your lips,” she teases.
“Thanks. I almost forgot,” I say as I take the berry flavored gloss from her hand and put it on. “Do I look okay?” I ask Sam.
“I have always been jealous that you could not wear a stitch of makeup and still look so gorgeous,” she says.
“Enough joking around and tell me the truth!” I demand.
“It’s true! You have such a clear complexion, you have thick long lashes, and beautiful green eyes. You wake up still looking good, I don’t know how you do it. I have always been so self-conscious of myself. You will never see me in public without any makeup. You know I have been struggling with skin problems ever since I was a teen and even though I have somewhat got it under control now, I still look at myself in disgust,” she confesses.
“Sam, I think you are beautiful even without makeup. You don’t even notice the scars or imperfections behind that smile and big brown eyes. When you show confidence, that’s all a person sees. Not all the physical imperfections. Don’t compare yourself to me because we all have our own kind of beautiful,” I tell her.
“Thanks,” she says shyly. “Let’s get you over to Aden.”
Sam passes me my crutches. The doctors have told me to try get around using the crutches for the next few days so I can work on building up my muscle. It’s harder than it looks. I am exhausted just after getting to the other end of the hallway.
“Do you want me to walk with you there?” Sam asks.
“Sure. Just in case I fall and can’t get up,” I say with a smile.
“Who says I would help?” Sam jokes.
“Come on, let’s just go,” I say, nudging her with my shoulder.
Aden’s room is a level above mine. I am grateful for elevators, but at the same time, they are tricky when you have a broken leg. I have to rely on someone to hold me up and balance me as the elevator stops and starts so I don’t fall over.
By the time I reach Aden’s room, I am out of breath. I feel like I just ran a marathon. The doctor was right. I need to work on my muscle and endurance. Being immobile for four days has had a big impact on me.
“Riles!” A robotic voice says as I walk into the room. I look over to see Aden with the biggest smile on his face. On the other side of the bed is Ethan setting up a laptop.
“Aden!” I call. I would run over to the bed, but I can only move as fast as I am capable of at the moment.
Sam grabs a chair and pulls it next to the bed for me. I sit down and Aden grabs my hand to kiss it. “I’ve missed you,” he types. “You still look as beautiful as ever. It’s just your leg that was broken?”
“I missed you too! I am so glad they found a way for you to communicate,” I say. “Yes, only my leg is broken and a few stitches on my forehead. Other than that, I am doing really well. How are you?”
Aden starts typing, “It was a bit of a shock waking up not being able to talk. It’s like there is a little voice inside of me that is trapped and can’t come out. Now that I have this computer to talk through, that part of me has calmed down, knowing I can communicate through it easily. I am sure that I will be able to speak again. After speaking with Dr. Harley, I am positive they can fix whatever is wrong with me.”
“That computer has a name,” Ethan pipes in, “Her name is Barb.”
“Ethan, we should probably go,” Sam says.
“But I am just about done setting this up,” Ethan protests.
“It can wait,” Sam commands. She takes hold of Ethan’s arm and drags him out of the room. “We will see you later.” They wave goodbye to us then leave.
“I can’t even imagine how you are feeling right now,” I say empathetically.
“Don’t worry about me. I am fine and you are okay. Both of us are sitting in the same room together,” he types.
“I can’t believe how so much can change in a year,” I say as I reminisce.
“I know. Last year this time we were both packing up our things and leaving home for the first time,” Aden types.
“I was so scared to move away, especially to such a big city,” I say.
“I couldn’t wait to get out of there. I was ready to start a new life on my own. My parents always encouraged me to just jump in and try out new things,” he types.
“We are completely opposite. I don’t even know how we even got together,” I say with a small laugh.
“Opposites attract I guess,” he types.
“And we met in the most cliché way too,” I say. “Running into each other? That is so typical, so story book.”
“Ya, I planned a much more extravagant way on asking you to prom, but I figured I might as well ask you right then while I had your attentions” Aden types.
“How were you going to ask me?” I ask. “I never heard that story from you.”
“You sure you want me to tell you? You might be disappointed it never happened,” he types.
“Come on, tell me,” I insist.
“Okay, fine you twisted my arm,” he types. “I made a huge banner about 6 ft. long that said, ‘Riley will you go to prom with me?’. I was going to hang it across the cafeteria balcony at lunch.”
“Um, that is what you were actually going to do?” I burst out laughing. “I am sorry, but I like the way you asked me the way you did, in person.”
“Haha, I figured that. I think if I went with what I originally had planned, I would have embarrassed you more than anything,” he types.
“It’s clever, but a little cheesy,” I say.
“Instead I went for the cliché way. Knocking the girl to the ground,” he types.
“Was that on purpose then?” I ask.
“No, but I couldn’t have planned it any better,” he types.
“I’m happy it turned out that way,” I say. “Now we have a great story to tell.”
“Yes we do,” he types.
“If our life was written into a story, what would you call it?” I ask.
“Good question,” he types.
“Sorry to intrude on you two, but I have a few exercises scheduled to do with Aden,” Dr. Harley says.
“Oh right, I totally forgot about that,” Aden types. “I will get back to you on that answer later Riles.”
“Is it alright if I stay and watch?” I ask.
“It’s best that Aden has full concentration. It would be better for now if you weren’t in the room,” the doctor says to me.
“Sorry Riles, you are just too distractingly beautiful for me,” Aden types.
“Bye babe. See you later,” I say as I hop out of the room on my crutches.
“If you just wait in the hallway, I will page Nurse Daisy to come and help you to your room,” Dr. Harley says to me.
Chapter 9
ADEN

“Okay, so we are going to test today how much you are actually able to commute,” Dr. Harley says to me. “It will be very simple. I hill hold up some flash cards with some simple words on them. All you have to do is try and say the word.”
“Ok, simple enough,” I type.
Dr. Harley holds up the first flash card. “Aaag,” I say. Dog is what it says dammit! I say to myself.
“Good, now try really concentrating on all the sounds of the letters before saying them,” Dr. Harley tells me.
“Dddgg.,” I say. Okay that was somewhat better. I still sound like a friggin dork.
“Much better!” he exclaims. “I am going to move on to the next card now. Again, before you speak, focus on each letter.”
“Caa,” I say. This goes on for about another 10 min. Every few cards, the words get progressively harder.
“Can we just stop?” I type.
“Just a few more minutes,” he tells me.
“My head hurts just thinking. I sound ridiculous! How does this even help me?” I type.
Dr. Harley sets down his clipboard and looks at me. “I know that this is frustrating for you, but these tests help me to see how much damage was really done. How much you are capable of on your own. Maybe there is little damage, enough for you to recover yourself. Maybe it’s not possible to recover naturally and a surgery needs to be performed. We won’t be able to tell if you don’t try these tests. Please try Aden. Before making any decisions, we need to figure out what exactly is the problem. I don’t want to operate and complicate the situation any more or just leave you, thinking speech therapy will help when it won’t. If not for me, do this for Riley.”
I want to flip the keyboard off my lap and throw Dr. Harley’s clipboard across the room. I know this has to be done, but he doesn’t understand how hard it is. Why does he have to bring Riley into this? All the blood in my body feels like its boiling. I know it is silly for me to feel like this, but I can’t handle it. I have never been the patient type.
“Can I at least have 5 min. to myself?” I type.
“Sure, but only if you promise to continue afterward,” he says to me.
“Thank you,” I type.
“I am going to go grab a coffee from the cafeteria. Do you want me to bring you one?” Dr. Harley asks.
“No thank,.” I reply.
Dr. Harley sets down his glasses and clipboard on the counter across the room and leaves. I just need a few minutes to calm down. I didn’t think I would ever get overwhelmed over such a simple thing as this. The doctor just needs me to cooperate and that’s it. All I have to do is just try and say the words. It reminds me of when I was back in kindergarten. The class was being taught to match the color with the word. I wasn’t paying much attention to the teacher because I was too busy thinking about what I was going to do at recess. Just before the bell rang, Ms. Lilly said we had to match at least one word to the matching color before we could go for recess. I got so frustrated with myself because all I wanted to do was go for recess, but I couldn’t match the right color to the right word. I didn’t get to go for recess that day, all because I didn’t just focus and actually try. All I was focused on was the fun part. I don’t want to miss out again. I need to just put all this frustration away and just do the tests, no matter how silly they are or how stupid I sound doing them. Dr. Harley is right. I need to do this for Riley. How else am I supposed to propose to her? I can use this machine forever, or she can hear it coming from me. My voice. I am the only one getting in the way.
I hear the door creak open. “Are we all ready to have another try?” Dr. Harley asks.
I nod my head.
“Let’s get started then,” he says. “There are only about ten more to go through.
As every minute passes by, I see the doctor jotting notes down and nodding his head. I wonder if that is good or bad.
“When you speak, do you feel like you have some control of what you say?” Dr. Harley asks. “You can use the computer to answer this question.”
“I know exactly what it says, but it almost feels like there is a delay between my thoughts and what comes out. Like there is a gap,” I type.
“What do you mean by gap?” He inquires.
“Like some sounds come out the way I would want to say them, like the d in dog, but then I have no control of what comes out after. It’s like whatever my mouth feels like saying comes out,” I type.
He scribbles down something else on his clipboard. “I want to continue on with these exercises for about 3 weeks. I would like to do them with you at least once a day. I want to see if you are able to fill in that gap yourself over time. From what you are telling me, it seems that your brain is trying to recover itself. It won’t heal if you don’t try, so I need you to try hard just like you did today. If you give up, your brain gives up too.”
“I understand,” I type.
Dr. Harley gets out of his chair and pushes it back. He comes over to me and gives me a pat on the shoulder. “You did well today. I am becoming more and more confident in your recovery.” He walks back across the room and gathers his things together. “Same time tomorrow?”
“You bet,” I type and give him a nod.
Just as he leaves, I hear my phone buzz on the night table beside me. I pick it up. Ethan’s name pops up on the screen. Underneath it reads, Hey man, have any plans this evening?
I click reply, If lying in a hospital bed watching the news all evening counts as plans then, yes I have plans.
Ping, my phone chimes, I will be over around 6 with pizza. Sam and Riley will be joining us, Ethan replies.
I text back, giving a thumbs up. It will be nice having the whole gang here eating pizza. Just like a normal Friday evening. At least some things haven’t changed.
Chapter 10
RILEY

“I am going with Ethan to pick up some pizza. Do you want to come?” Sam asks me.
“Sure, it will be nice to get out of here for a bit,” I respond. I was told that I could leave the building as long as I was accompanied by someone. Next week I will be released to go home.
“I brought your Juicy sweats from home since I figured you would need to get out of that hospital gown sometime,” Sam says as she tosses me a bag of clothes.
“Maybe I wanted to start a new trend going out like this? I would call it clinique chic,” I say. “What do you think?” I ask as I try my best to strike a pose while balancing on my crutches.
“How about no,” Sam says with a giggle. “Just go put on some normal clothes,” she demands as she points to the sweats she brought me.
“I think I could pull this look off. Just saying,” I say as I pick up the clothes off the bed.
“I will be out here if you need any help,” Sam says as she shuts the door behind her.
This will be a little more difficult than I thought it would be. At least they are loose fitting pants. I sit down on the chair and slip the first pant leg over my leg with the cast. When it comes to flexibility, I am the worst. I can barely reach my toes. This is proving to be a challenge since I can’t bend my leg, but I manage. I then slip off my gown and put on my white t-shirt with the word Vogue written across the chest. I get myself back up on my feet and make my way to the mirror to make sure my hair is still intact and to put on my M.A.C. lip gloss. Usually I would never be seen going out like this, but it is either this or the hospital gown. It’s just to grab a pizza, it’s not like it’s a fashion show or anything.
I hear a knock on the door. “Is everything okay in there?” Sam asks. “Ethan is wondering where we are.”
“Tell Ethan we are on our way out,” I say as I open the door to the hallway.
Sam takes a look at me. “Much better. Not 100% Riley, but we are getting somewhere.”
I roll my eyes at her. “I can’t wait until this leg heals up,” I say.
I feel the heat from the sun hit my face immediately as we step out of the building. The fresh air feels so nice. It feels like ages since I have been outside. I reach into my Kate Spade purse and pull out my Ray Ban sunglasses.
“Over here!” I hear Ethan shouting and waving at us from his blue Mini convertible. I am slightly jealous of his car. I am a big fan of the Mini.
“So, I have brought up on my GPS, pizza restaurants in the area. Any of these places you prefer?” Ethan asks us as we get buckled into the car.
“How about the furthest one it shows?” I suggest. “I would like to take advantage of this time out, so the longer it takes to get a pizza, the better.”
Sam laughs. “I agree, it’s a nice day and Riley won’t be out for another week.”
“Let me see,” Ethan says as he takes a look at the GPS. “The furthest is about 3.5k away. Is that far enough for you?”
“Sounds good to me,” I reply.
“All right! Off we go!” Ethan yells as he speeds out of the parking lot.
“Should I send Aden a Snapchat of this outing? Or would that just be mean?” I ask.
“Rub it in his face,” Ethan says from the front.
“No, don’t rub it in his face. Poor guy will be cooped up for a while. Send him something he can look forward to,” Sam says.
I hold up my phone and make a kissy face. Wish you were here. See you soon, Send.
Aden replies mimicking the picture I sent and says, I’ll be waiting.
“Hey, speaking of restaurants, did you guys know where Aden was taking me the night of the accident?” I ask.
Sam and Ethan both look at each other with the same look. “Um ya, some fancy restaurant downtown,” Ethan pipes up.
“He just wanted to celebrate making it through first year university,” Sam says.
“What restaurant was it?” I inquire.
“I think it was something like the Nest maybe,” Ethan answers.
“No, it reminded me of a fish name or a sitting spot,” Sam says.
“That’s okay, I will ask Aden later,” I say.
“It might be best if you don’t,” Ethan says. “I was in the room earlier when the doctor came in and he told me it was best not to talk to him about that night. It could hinder his healing.”
“Oh. That’s funny, the doctor never said anything to me about that,” I say.
“Maybe he just never got a chance to tell you yet,” Sam suggests.
“It’s possible, but he said I would be the first to…” I started.
“Oh look, I see the restaurant over there,” Sam cuts me off.
“Are either of you going to come in with me to order?” Ethan asks.
“No, that’s okay. We can stay here,” Sam says.
“Any preferences?” Ethan asks.
“Aden likes all meat pizzas, so if there is anything like that, order one of those,” I say.
“Anything I like, I know he will like too. Us men like our meat,” Ethan says.
“Yes they do,” Sam says. “If there is any chicken or tropical pizza, Riley and I would like that please.”
Ethan looks at me to confirm this. I nod in approval. “Okay, something meaty, and something tropical or with chicken,” he says. “I will be back in a flash.”
“Can I just run away and never go back to the hospital?” I ask sarcastically.
“You could, but I don’t think your doctor would be impressed. Neither would Aden,” Sam says.
“One more week until freedom!” I say. “I just feel so bad for Aden. I wonder if they will let him at least go outside?”
“I am sure they have something figured out already,” Sam says. “And if he can’t go outside, then we will bring the outside to him.”
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“Do you want to extend your time outside the hospital today?” She asks.
“Of course,” I reply.
“Why don’t we stop at a green house on our way back and bring some plants to liven up his room.” Sam suggests.
“I think Aden would appreciate that.” I say.
“There is one just a few blocks down from here according to my phone,” Sam says as she clicks a place on her phone’s map.
“What’s a few blocks from here?” Ethan asks as he sets the pizza’s down in the back seat of the car.
“Mmm, those smell delicious!” I say.
“We were talking about going to a greenhouse just down from here. We thought a few plants would help cheer Aden up,” Sam says.
“Sure, I can make that happen,” Ethan replies. “Just give me directions and I shall take you there.”
“Thank you boo,” Sam says.
Chapter 11
ADEN

I pick up my iPhone to check the time. 6:00 is what the screen reads. Riley and the gang should be here soon. My stomach makes a makes a noise like an upset grizzly bear. They need to hurry up, I am starving.
I decide to scroll through my Instagram and see what is new to pass the time. It seems like everything on there is all of people’s summer vacations. There are pictures of people zip lining through the tree tops, pictures taken underwater on their snorkeling adventures, pictures of too good looking to eat food from little café’s in Paris. It makes me a little jealous that all these people are out having a good time when I will be stuck here most of the summer, maybe even longer.
“Did someone order pizza?” Ethan asks as he barges into the room.
“Yes! Finally!” I type enthusiastically.
“We have got a large 5 meat pizza right here,” Ethan says as he places the one box on the table, “And one large Hawaiian jerk chicken.” He places the other box down beside it.
“Missed me?” Riley asks as she hops over to the bed and gives me a kiss. As she leans in I smell her strawberry sugar body lotion she always wears.
“Always,” I type.
“What would you like me to get you bro?” Ethan asks.
“I will have one of each,” I type.
Ethan hands me a plate. The smell of the greasy pizzas fills my nose. I take huge bite and roll my eyes back in satisfaction. My hands are too greasy to type anything but my face probably shows how much I am enjoying it.
“We have a surprise for you babe,” Riley says.
Sam goes into the hallway for a second and returns with a cart full of plants. There are small trees and flowers, small trees with flowers in them and every color imaginable.
“Sam thought we needed to bring some color into this room of yours,” Riley says.
I grab a napkin to wipe my fingers off, then type, “Thanks babe I love them.”
“I will just set these over here for now,” Sam says. “I need to get some food in me right now!” She rolls the cart to the corner of the room and rushes toward the table with the food. “Now this is an excellent pizza!” She says taking a bite.
“I have some good news,” Riley says. “I am free to leave next week! I can’t wait to sleep in my own bed again!”
“That’s awesome!” I type.
“I promise I will come every day to visit you,” she adds.
“You don’t need to come every day. If you can’t make it, no big deal. I am sure you will find yourself busy. Plus the hospital isn’t exactly the closest from your place,” I type.
“I will find the time,” I say.
“You do realize that you can’t exactly drive yourself around,” I type and point at the cast on her leg.
“I have already thought of that,” she states.
“Of course you did. You are always one step ahead,” I type and let out a little laugh.
“I looked into the bus routes and there is a stop that passes our street. I would only need to make one transfer in between to get here,” she says. “I will take Sam with me the first time, just to make sure I can manage getting around, but I am confident that I can do it. Physio will help my endurance and strength and I know I should be able to get around easier by next week if I keep up with my strength training.”
“Okay, but don’t over exert yourself now,” I type.
“Don’t worry, she is in good hands,” Sam says as she comes up from behind Riley and puts her hands on her shoulders. “I will be here to drive her too if she needs.”
“Me too,” Ethan says. “Riley is not the only one who wants to come visit you.”
I sit back with a smug look on my face. “I think I could get used to people fighting over me. It’s like I am a celebrity, everyone wants a piece of me,” I type. Everyone bursts out laughing.
“Can you pass me another slice of that meat pizza?” I type.
“Sure thing,” Ethan says, grabbing himself another slice while he is at it.
“Have you heard anything else from Dr. Harley since this morning?” Riley asks me.
“No just that I need to continue on with these tests to see if I can improve my speech myself. I have to do them every day for about 3 weeks.” I type.
“That would be great if you can improve your speech without having to go through the option of surgery,” Riley says.
“Ya, it’s great, but in some ways I think it would just be easier to operate and have it fixed almost immediately, then I wouldn’t have to wait. Do you even know how frustrating it is that I can’t even pronounce the simplest of words that a 2 year old would have no trouble saying?” I type.
“Just look at Riley,” Sam says. “She can barely walk down the hallway, but even after a day of getting around with them, she is showing improvement.”
“Sam’s right. You have only done this test once. It will only get easier the more times you do it,” Riley says to me as she takes my hand.
“That’s easy for you to say,” I type.
“Babe, just keep trying. I know you can do it,” Riley says to me, looking me straight in the eyes. “That’s exactly what you said about finals and tests in school. You got through that. This is no different.”
“Okay, I will keep trying, but that’s not going to change the fact that I don’t like it. Just promise me one thing,” I type.
“What’s that?” Riley asks.
“That you will still stick with me even if I don’t get better,” I type.
Riley gives me a serious look. “Why would I ever leave you?”
“That’s what I told him,” Ethan pipes in.
“Aden, If you think that Riley would leave you over this, then boy, you are crazy!” Sam says.
“I know. You know that I tend to over think things too much and construct the worst case scenarios in my head,” I type. “I know I have met the girl of my dreams and I just worry myself that it’s too good to be true. How could I guy like me be so lucky to have found a girl like you.” I look up at Riley and give her a smile.
“Thanks, I feel the same way about you,” Riley blushes.
“You two were truly meant to be,” Sam says.
“Same goes to you two,” Riley points out. “Can you even imagine our lives without each other?”
“That is a scary thought,” Ethan remarks.
“Each of us is so different, yet we all are friends,” Riley says. “It’s like all our personalities mesh into one unstoppable group of people.”
“We can call ourselves the unstoppable four,” Sam suggests.
“I think we need to work on the name,” Ethan says.
“I will get right on that,” I type. “I do have all the time in the world you know.”

“I am holding you to that,” Ethan says to me.

Sam gets up and wraps her arms around Ethan. “We should get going.”
Ethan looks at his watch. “Sam’s right, by the time we get home it will be late.”
“See you guys later,” I type. Riley yawns. “You should rest up too Riles.”
“I will give you a call tomorrow,” Ethan says as he and Sam leave.
“I will stay just a few more minutes,” Riley says as she hops up onto the bed with me and lays her head down on my chest. Within a few minutes she is fast asleep. I should probably wake her up, but she looks so peaceful. I close my eyes and wrap my arms around her. If this is what it is like going to sleep and waking up with this beautiful girl, then count me in. The day I can talk cannot come fast enough. I slowly start to drift off and sooner than I realize, I am asleep.
Chapter 12
RILEY

I slowly wake up to the sun beating in through the window. I hear a snore come from beside me and suddenly realize I had slept the entire night in Aden’s room. I giggle to myself. This was the first night that I actually had a good sleep in these beds. I shouldn’t make it a habit of sleeping here though. I don’t want to get too used to it. I lean over to my other side so I am facing Aden. He is adorable, drool and all. I smile at him. “Hey G Bear,” I say softly to him.
“Huh?” he says still groggy from sleep. Then he realizes that I am still here and gives me a big smile and leans over to kiss me. He quickly swings around the keyboard and types, “Good morning beautiful.”
“Good morning handsome,” I reply.
“I could get used to this,” he types.
“Me too.” I smile back at him.
He pulls me close to him again and kisses me more intensely. I melt into him, at the same time trying not to twist my bad leg. Everything about this moment just feels so right, like I should be waking up with Aden every morning. I pull away to take a breath. “I love you so much Aden,” I say as I look into his eyes. He doesn’t say a word, but his face says it all. He puts his finger to my lips to silence me and then kisses me again.
I glance up for a second and notice that the clock says it’s just about 10:00am. Dr. Harley will be here any minute. I pull away from Aden. He looks at me like what’s the problem. “It’s just about 10. Your doctor will be here right away!” I say with panic in my voice.
Aden sits up straighter with the realization. “We slept in that long?” he types. He looks just as panicked as me now.
“I guess so,” I reply. Both of us have an internal clock that always wakes us up early in the morning. Sleeping in is a rarity for us. Both of us must have really needed the sleep last night. I can’t believe it, of all times to sleep in.
“See you later?” he types.
“You bet,” I say. I quickly gather my things and make my way to the door.
I twist the door knob and pull it open. Dr. Harley is on the other side. “Good morning Riley,” he says, looking a bit confused to why I am here.
“Oh, hey doctor,” I say a little coy.
“You are here bright and early,” he observes. He lets himself into the room not waiting for Aden to greet him.
“Oh, you know how it is. Just couldn’t wait to see him,” I say trying my best not to sound guilty. I don’t think he is buying it.
“Well, enjoy your day Ms. Warren,” he says, walking over to the side counter to set up his papers.
“You too Dr. Harley,” I say back to him and quickly turn to leave.
I hope Aden will take my advice and not be such a baby about doing these tests. He can be so stubborn sometimes. He just needs to get over that road block in his mind and he will be fine.
Instead of going back to my room right away I decide to swing passed the cafeteria to grab a coffee for myself. It is unusually quiet in here today. Usually this place is packed, especially this time of day. I pull a dollar out of my change purse and hand it to the lady behind the counter. She hands me an empty cup. I take it from her and hobble over to the coffee machine to prepare my coffee. One sugar and two creams, just the way I like it. It isn’t any Starbucks, but it helps to get my morning started. I scope out an empty seat on the couch over by the window, so I decide to go over there and hang out for a while. It’s at least somewhere different than my plain, old, boring room. Plus it’s nice and quiet here for once. I might as well take advantage of this opportunity.
“Mind if I sit there?” I hear a voice with a British accent from beside me say.
I look around to see who is talking to me. “No, I don’t mind,” I say as I move over to make more room on the couch.
“I haven’t seen you around here before,” A tall man, about 26 or so, with a strong figure says.
“I have only been here a few days. Usually I stick to my room. I haven’t ventured around the rest of the hospital yet. This is my first time coming to the cafeteria actually. I mean, I have walked passed it before, but I have never come to actually sit here and have something from it,” I ramble.
“So what’s your story?” he asks. “Oh and I’m David by the way.”
“Riley,” I say, reaching out my hand to introduce myself. “I was in a car accident. Luckily I only came out with a broken leg and a few minor cuts.”
“Ah, I see. The famous car accident,” David says, gesturing air quotes with his fingers as he says car accident. “That’s probably one of the most common reasons people are in here in the first place.”
“You have been here for some time then? In the hospital, I mean. If you don’t mind me asking,” I stammer.
“No, I don’t mind at all. That’s how you get to know a person, by asking questions. Am I right?” David asks. “Hospitals in general, yes I am frequently in. This one however, I have only been here about a month.” There is some sort of weird, mysterious vibe about this guy that I find kind of attractive.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I say sympathetically. Frequently being in hospitals would be so depressing. I wonder what he has. “A few days is enough for me. I can’t imagine being here longer than that.”
David laughs at my comment. “Oh, no need to feel sorry for me love. Being here brings a smile to my face for the most part.”
I give him a puzzled look. “How could it bring a smile to your face? I mean like having a baby is about the only good thing that comes from a hospital. When people come here, it’s usually not good.”
“There is plenty of good that can come from being here. For one, I get to meet new and interesting people. Like you, for example,” he says tilting his head to the side and smiling.
“I’m not that interesting,” I say lowering my eyes. The only person that would say I am interesting would be Aden. Even if you asked Sam, she would probably say I am the most boring person in the world. Nothing exciting ever happens to me.
“Not interesting? I’m sure I can find something about you that is,” he challenges. “Are you going to school here?”
“Yes. Stanford,” I respond.
“Stanford,” he repeats. “What are you taking?”
“I just finished my first year law,” I say.
“So you are a smart one then,” He winks at me.
“Sort of I guess,” I say shyly.
“See, I am finding out some interesting facts about you already!” David remarks.
“What are you here for?” I ask, changing the subject, still thinking about what could be keeping him here. To me he looks healthy.
“That is an excellent question Riley,” he says, “But hold on to that thought for a second. I have a call coming through.” David pulls his iPhone out from his jean pocket. He gets up from the couch and walks over to the opposite corner of the cafeteria, pacing back and forth in a deep conversation.
“Sorry love, I have to go,” David says. “I would like to hear more of your Stanford stories sometime.” He turns around suddenly, his dirty blonde hair flipping out of his face. Then he is gone.
What was that all about? Why didn’t I say anything about Aden? Whatever. It’s not like I will ever see this guy again. It is a huge hospital and besides, I rarely make a visit to the cafeteria. Like I told him, the main places I go are my room and Aden’s room. It was just a conversation, it’s not like he was flirting with me. I’m with Aden so I am not even looking at other guys. That accent though, and that smile. I take a sip of my coffee. I wonder what he is here for. What was so important that he had to leave? Can someone look that good, even if you have a very critical illness?
I take my crutches and prop myself up into a standing position again. I should get back to my room and stop thinking about this guy. On second thought, I should go see Aden. The doctor should be done with him.
Up the elevator I go and down the hall to Aden’s room. The door is shut so I take a peek through the window to see if I can go in. It looks like Aden is in deep thought. Dr. Harley is right next to him holding up cards and writing things down. Aden looks like he is really trying. I am so proud of him for giving it another chance. Why would I even think of David when that guy in that room is who I have fallen in love with? He is trying this hard for me. All the Stanford stories I have are all because of him.
Aden notices me by the window and smiles at me with the boyish grin that still gives me butterflies every time I see it. I smile back and blow him a kiss. He pretends to catch it. Dr. Harley looks back to see what is going on.
“Sorry Riley, but I still need a few more minutes in here,” Dr. Harley says as he opens the door to talk to me.
“Sorry for distracting him,” I apologize. “I thought he might have been done.”
I turn around and make my way back to my room. I think I might catch up on all those TV episodes Sam recorded for me.
Chapter 13
Aden

“I cannot believe that a week has already come and gone,” I type.
“I know. I am going to miss you G Bear,” Riley says in a baby voice.
“I think you should spend the night in my room again. It is your last night here, it should be special,” I type.
“You think that spending the night with you and your snoring would be special?” she teases.
“Must I remind you of what happened the time during our road trip to your parents last December?” I type, remembering how out of it Riley was in the car. I had to listen to her snore for about a half hour before she woke up. It was cute though.
“Fair enough,” she laughs. Why don’t you just spend the night here in my room? I am too lazy to have to walk all the way to your room.” Riley complains.
“I wouldn’t object to that,” I type. Over the past week, my means of communicating has been upgraded to a portable device so I don’t have to be cooped up in my room all day. Riley and I have divided our time between her room and mine. We have also been able to go for some walks around the courtyard outside of the hospital. It certainly is nice to have a measure of freedom around here.
“We could always start off where we left off last time before we were disrupted,” I type and give her a wink, hoping that I can charm her into taking me up on my offer.
“Don’t get your hopes up,” she says, starting to lean into me, then she pulls away suddenly at the sound of someone at the door.
Nurse Daisy walks into the room after knocking. Following not too far behind her is a younger man with his hair slicked to the side, wearing a pair of blue hospital scrubs.
“Sorry to interrupt your conversation, but I have someone I would like Riley to meet,” Nurse Daisy announces to us. “Riley, this is Dr. Jones.”
“You can call me David, but I think you already know that,” the new guy says with a thick British accent. He holds out his hand to greet Riley. He is grinning ear to ear and has a mischievous look in his eye that doesn’t sit well with me.
“Know that already?” I type, looking at Riley puzzled. She has never mentioned anything about this David guy to me before.
“You’re a doctor?” Riley asks. “That explains a lot.”
“I met Riley in the cafeteria earlier on this week,” David says. “She’s a fine lady you have got yourself.”
“I know, I am very lucky,” I type. I feel a strange wave of jealousy come over me. I am not one to get jealous, but there is just something about this guy. It’s just a gut instinct I have where sirens are going off all over in my head right now.
“David is going to help you with physio for the next couple weeks, Riley,” Nurse Daisy tells her.
“Where’s Susan?” Riley asks her. I am thinking the same thing. Susan seemed to be a perfectly fine lady. How come she is not going to be here for the next few weeks?
“She is taking some time off for vacation,” Nurse Daisy replies to Riley’s question.
This whole time David has a smug grin on his face. I don’t think he has taken his eyes off Riley once since he has stepped foot in this room. I don’t trust this guy one bit. He probably thinks that he can just sweep away any girl he likes with that stupid accent of his and his charming smile.
“This is the only doctor available?” I type. There has to be more than one physiotherapist around here. Maybe one that is female. I think that would be better for Riley.
“You don’t trust me?” David asks accusingly of me.
“I didn’t say that,” I reply. I was definitely thinking it.
“To answer your question Aden, yes there are other physiotherapists that could help, but I think David will be the best option for helping Riley,” Nurse Daisy tells me.
“I want what is best for Riley,” I respond. I still don’t believe that there could not possibly be anyone better for Riley than this guy, but I don’t want to argue.
“Good. Now that is settled, Riley you will have physio three times a week with David. I will print you off a schedule and bring it by before you leave tomorrow,” Nurse Daisy tells Riley.
“Thank you,” Riley says.
“Well, I have an appointment with another patient soon,” David says as he checks his fancy Rolex watch. “I will see you in a few days Riley.”
“See you later,” Riley says. Is it just me or do I see a slight sparkle in her eye when she talks to him? I think this place is making me delusional.
Both Nurse Daisy and David leave and the room is now silent.
“I don’t trust that guy,” I type. I look at Riley with a serious face, hoping that the weird vibes I have for this David guy will transmit to Riley. It doesn’t look like it’s working.
“Do I sense some jealousy from someone?” Riley asks poking my side.
“No, I’m not jealous. He should be the one jealous because he can’t do this,” I type, then I pull Riley close to me and kiss her showing how much feelings I have for her.
She pulls back after taking a breath. “I don’t know, it kind of sounds like jealousy to me. It sort of turns me on having you be so protective.”
“Really?” I type. Maybe I should have shown jealousy long before.
“Sure. I find it sexy when you get all manly and defensive over me,” She tells me as she giggles.
“I will protect you as long as I live,” I type.
“Promise?” Riley asks, looking at me with her big green eyes.
“Promise,” I type.
“What did you and that David guy talk about anyway when you ran into him the other day?” I type. Riley seemed to make quite the impression on him.
“Not much. He just asked where I was going to school and what I was taking. His phone rang and he had to leave after only a few minutes of talking,” she tells me. “I didn’t even know that he was a doctor here.”
I look at Riley. “People usually take about a week vacation right?” I type.
“Yes, one week, sometimes two.” Riley replies. “Why?”
“Oh, no reason,” I reply. So if Riley has physio three times a week, she will only see David three times, six at the max if Susan is gone for two weeks. I think that is what Nurse Daisy said. I was too busy scoping out the new doctor that I didn’t pay attention. That’s not too bad. Her sessions are only usually like, what? An hour? That wouldn’t equal a full day spent together. I have nothing to worry about.
“Change of subject, I have made my decision to let you stay the night her,” Riley announces to me playfully.
My mouth curves into a smile at hearing the news. “Thank you!” I type. This will give me a chance to show Riley who she really needs, not some British doctor.
“But let’s not pick up where we left off,” she says her tone sounding more on the serious side.
“I agree. It’s is a little disappointing, but I agree,” I type. This vow we made is proving to be harder and harder to stick to. I just want all of Riley right now.
“Do you want me to ask Sam to bring a movie over for us?” she asks me.
“No. I want to spend the last night you have here just focusing on you and me,” I type.
“Sure, that sounds good to me,” Riley says. “Even if we just lay here not talking I would be fine with that. Just having you next to me makes this last night special.”
Chapter 14
RILEY

“I have missed you so much!” I say as I fall back onto my bed. It feels so good to be back home. My own bed, my own room, my own clothes, my own food.

“I am glad to have you back Riles!” Sam says, leaning onto the door frame of my room. “Ethan is a little bummed though.”

“Boo hoo,” I say. “Tell him that he is free to visit anytime he likes.”

“I will do that right away.” Sam laughs. “Is there anywhere you want to go today? Anything you need to do?” she asks.

“Today I think I will just stay here and get my things organized and cleaned up,” I reply. “Tomorrow I wouldn’t mind hitting a few malls. I would like to revamp my summer wardrobe.”

“I hear that there is a sale going on this week at the new Prada store that just opened up a few months ago at the mall,” Sam says with excitement. “We need to check it out!”
“Definitely!” I say enthusiastically.

“I am just going to run and grab a few things we are running low on around here. Do you need anything?” Sam asks.

“Not that I can think of,” I say. “If I need anything, I will give you a text.”

“See you in a few hours,” Sam says, turning around and waving goodbye. She stops and grabs her Gucci sunglasses on the table in the entrance way before leaving.

I think I will go through my closet after unpacking my things. I haven’t done that in a while and there is a ton of clothes I am sure I don’t wear any more that I can donate. As crazy as it sounds, I love organizing. I could spend all day going through things and tidying up, putting labels on and color coordinating items. I find it therapeutic. Whenever I am stressed about something, I just focus on organizing and it calms me down.

I hop over to my bed where my bag of clothes from the hospital is lying. I pick it up and start taking things out. The last thing I pull out is the dress that Sam helped Aden choose for me the night of the accident. As beautiful of a dress it is, I don’t think I can hold onto it. It brings back too much bad memories. I unfold it and take one last look before I put it into the donation bag. As I am doing that, I hear a clank of something falling onto the floor. I look to the side of the bed to see what fell. I see a small silver pocket watch. It is about an inch and a half round. There are black roman numerals etched around it. Small round circles are etched in a circle inside of that. In the center is a watch hand with four numbers marking every half hour. 3, 6, 9, 12. The time on the watch says 12:29.

I pick it up and hold it close to me. Aden gave this to me shortly after we met. I thought I lost this in the accident. It must have just got tangled up in everything and I never saw it.

I start to daydream of the day Aden gave this to me. It was the night of our senior prom.

“Honey, Aden is here,” my mom shouts up the stairs to me.

“I will be down in a minute,” I call back. I was so nervous that night. Aden was the first guy I had ever gone to a dance with who I ever got this excited and nervous to go with. I check myself out in my tall beveled mirror one last time before making my way downstairs. I am wearing a mermaid style gown. It is blush pink and has gold crystals that cover the entire bodice. It has a few crystals that are spaced out on the lower half of the dress, making it look like there is a waterfall of diamonds dripping down my dress when it hits the light. My hair is curled in loose waves down my back. I think I am ready.

I start walking down our spiral staircase to go and meet Aden. I look up and I see him wearing a perfectly tailored black tux with a white dress shirt underneath. On the left hand side of his tux, he has a blush pink corsage that matches my dress. He is grinning ear to ear I can’t help but smile when I see him. His smile is so contagious. My mom and dad are standing right next to him. My dad has his camera out, taking pictures as I walk down the stairs.

“Words cannot describe how beautiful you look right now,” Aden says in awe.

“You look gorgeous darling!” my mom exclaims giving me a hug. “Now stand right here next to Aden so we can get a picture.”

“Here, put this on first,” Aden says as he slips a matching corsage onto my wrist. He stands behind me and holds me by the waist. We both smile as my dad takes the picture.
“Have fun you two. Stay out of trouble,” my dad tells us.

“No need to worry about us,” Aden tells my father. He then opens the front door for me. “After you my lady.”

I follow him down to a long black limousine parked out in the driveway. “A limousine!” I say a little too excited.

“The only way a princess can travel to her ball,” he says. “Well technically, a horse drawn carriage would be the proper way for a princess to arrive at her ball, but nobody around here has a horse and carriage to rent so this was the next best option.”

“I have always wanted to ride in a limo!” I say.

“I am glad you like it,” Aden says. “We should probably get in it now. I wouldn’t want you to be late for your prom.” He holds the door open for me then slides in next to me.

“This is kind of my first prom,” Aden says, “I am sorry if I am no good at it.”

“It’s my first prom too. We can figure it out together.” I laugh. “It happens to be my last prom too.”

“What a coincidence,” he jokes, “Mine too! Unless of course I find out that I don’t actually graduate.”

“Aden Hansen, not graduating? Impossible!” I say.

“Well I did have an amazing tutor these past few weeks,” he says looking over at me. “If I fail, then I blame my tutor.”

“Hey that’s not fair! It’s your fault that you weren’t paying any attention to what I taught you,” I say.

“It’s not my fault that my tutor happens to be distractingly beautiful,” he replies.

I feel myself blush a little and I push a piece of my hair that had fallen forward back in its place.

“I think we have arrived,” Aden says, looking out the window. “Time to get your dance on!”

“Sorry if I embarrass you with my dance moves. I am not the most skilled dancer,” I say.

“I was about to say the same to you!” he says. “Good thing we came together then.”

We walk up the steps of our school and make our way to the gymnasium. We can hear the music playing as soon as we step foot in the building. The base of the music gets louder and louder as we get closer. The entrance to the gym has a lit up bridge we have to cross to get in. In the middle of the gym, they brought in a huge tree. Lights are intertwined in the branches all the way down to the base.There is a massive water fountain at the other end with rainbow lights in the water. Everything looks so elegant and magical. Something straight out of a fairy-tale.

“May I have this dance?” Aden asks. The song Thinking Out Loud by Ed Sheeran comes on. It’s one of my favorite songs.

“Yes you may,” I reply. He pulls me into his arms. The smell of his cologne smells so good. I place my hand on his shoulder and he grabs me by the waist.

Everybody at the dance starts making their way to the dance floor too. I think this is not just my favorite song.

I feel like Cinderella dancing with my prince. It all still seems a little surreal when I am with Aden. I couldn’t have asked for a better person to go to prom with than him.

“Hey guys!” Sam says as she and Ethan come up from behind us just as the song is ending. She has her hair with big waves all parted off to one side. Her dress is a lilac purple that comes just above the knee. The top has a sweetheart neckline with a row of silver jewels lining the top. The waist has a jeweled sash and the bottom is made of tulle.

“Sam!” I give her a hug. “You look amazing! I love that dress on you!”

Ethan twirls her around. “I know right?” she says. “And you! You look like a goddess!”

“Thanks,” I say as I smooth out my dress.

“This is the first time I haven’t seen you in a t-shirt,” Aden says to Ethan. “Looking spiffy.”

“One night,” Ethan says, “That is all. How can someone wear this all the time? It is so uncomfortable. The fabric doesn’t breath,” he complains.

“Come on, this is a good song!” Aden gestures for us to follow him to the middle of the dance floor.

I shrug my shoulders and follow. Sam and Ethan come right behind me. We form a circle and start dancing the night away.

“Good evening North High seniors!” an announcer says, interrupting the music. “Is everyone having a good time?” He points the mic to the crowd and everyone cheers. “The clock has struck midnight and we are now going to announce this year’s prom king and queen.”

“Don’t worry, I voted for you guys,” Sam says to me. “I am not as selfish as I once was.”

“I voted for you guys too!” I say back. “May the best couple win.” I hold out my hand and shake hers.

“This year’s prom king is….. Aden Hansen!” the announcer shouts out. The crowd roars with applause.

“What me?” Aden says, looking surprised.

“Come and get your crown,” the announcer says.

Aden makes his way to the stage in the front of the gym. The students are roaring wild for their new king. He walks up the steps. The announcer places a giant plastic king’s crown on his head. “I dub the king!” he shouts. Aden does a bow, just about knocking his crown off.

“Okay North High, let’s see who your queen will be.” The announcer opens up the second envelope. “Riley Warren! Come and join your king up here.”

“This is so embarrassing!” I say to Sam.

“Congrats Riles!” Ethan says to me.

I join Aden on stage to claim my crown. He grabs my hand and we both take a bow. The crowd is going crazy congratulating us on our win.

“Let’s have a dance for our newly crowned North High royalty!” the DJ calls out. He starts playing Stop Time by Landon Austin. Aden pulls my arm back and takes me back to the floor to dance. Shortly after, the rest of the seniors join in. We all jump up and down and pump our fists. This is the first time all of the seniors have been unified and have come together like this, each and everybody having a good time.

“Can I steel my queen away for a second?” Aden asks me.

“Sure,” I respond. I look to my side where Sam is and let her know that I am going with Aden for a bit.

Aden leads me outside to the courtyard. They strung lights up all over the garden in here as well. He takes me to the edge of the fountain and sits down. I follow his lead.

“Riley, I think I am the luckiest guy on this planet to have found someone like you,” Aden starts. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out something. “Something is different about you. I have been in a couple relationships, but I have never felt the way I do when I am around you, also how quickly these feelings have been developing. I don’t know if you feel the same, but I hope you do.”

“I do feel the same way Aden,” I say. I don’t really know what to say at this moment.

“This was my grandmothers,” Aden opens his hand, revealing a small pocket watch on a silver chain.

“It’s beautiful!” I gasp.

“My grandfather had this watch when he was a boy. The watch lasted for years without changing the battery once. When he met my grandmother about 10 years after he had gotten this watch, it stopped. You might think that it was just by chance since it had been running on one battery for 10 years. He swears that it was because it not only can tell time, but it can also tell true love. My grandmother never replaced the batteries since then as a reminder of the time they fell in love. When I was about 9 years old, my grandmother died. This watch was the one thing she personally gave to me before passing. She said to put batteries in right away. When it stops, you will know you have found the right girl,” Aden says.

“That is such a beautiful story,” I say.

“Riley, I carry this around with me all the time and check it every moment of the day to see if it stops. Tonight when I was dancing with you, I felt the urge to check. Take a look what it says.” He shows me the watch.

“12:29,” I read.

“That was 5 min ago Riley and it hasn’t moved since,” he says. “I want you to have this.” He stands up and places it around my neck.

“Aden…” I start to say.

“I know it’s only been a few months together, but it just feels right being with you. I want to continue to see you even after graduation. I want to put this watch to the test and see if whether or not you really are the one, even though I am certain you are.”

“Thank you Aden,” I say as I touch the watch carefully with my fingers. “I want to continue seeing you too.”
Aden slides in closer to me, his face less than an inch away. His breath is warm and smells of spearmint. Aden looks deep into my eyes and leans in to kiss me.

It was a night to remember. I have never once, not worn the watch around my neck until a week and a half ago in the hospital because I thought it was lost. It is such a relief to have it back again.
Chapter 15
RILEY

“Knock knock, can I come in?” I ask as I walk into the physio room.

“Riley! How are you today? Ready for your first day of physio with me?” David asks enthusiastically as he comes and holds the door open for me.

“All ready,” I say, mimicking his enthusiasm.

“Good! Let’s get started then,” he says. “We will start off with a few stretches to loosen you up.”

I take a seat on the mat on the floor and start to stretch my arm and shoulders out, then I reach out and touch the tips of my toes on my good leg, just as I did every session with Susan.

“How long have you and Aden been seeing each other?” David inquires suddenly.

“Just under two years now,” I say smiling to myself. Wow, time has flown by. I’m not sure if it feels like it was just the other day that we met, or if it feels like we have been together forever.

“Good for you two,” David replies. “It must be hard for you to see him in the condition he is in right now,” he says sounding sympathetic.
“I hate seeing him like that yes, but I know it is not like it is going to hinder our relationship. We have gotten used to communicating now and I am confident in the doctors that are working with him. Aden is even looking much happier than when he first found out he couldn’t speak,” I say trying to sound positive.

“You know, if you ever need someone to talk to when Aden is not around, I am all ears,” David offers.

“Thanks,” I say blushing. I don’t know why I am blushing. Maybe it’s just thought of talking to him that makes me.

“I’m serious though. Sometimes someone close to a patient like Aden might bottle things up and not reveal some feelings to their partner or even close friends. That’s not good. I won’t judge you or be biased. I am here to listen and give advice if necessary,” David says as he stares directly into my eyes. Then he sits a little closer to me and his hand nearly brushes against mine.

My heart starts racing, but in a good way. It’s almost like I want him to reach out and hold my hand. Why am I feeling this way?

David stands up and goes over to the weights and picks up two 5lb. weights then hands them to me. “Let’s work on some upper body strength,” he says handing me a couple of the weights.

That was only day one of my exercises with David. The second day I couldn’t help but feel myself getting more comfortable with him. He would come from behind me and hold me by the waist as I did some exercises. I felt secure with his arms around me, something I haven’t felt with Aden in a while. Day three I started confessing things to him about the way I felt about Aden and how it can get a little difficult at times, especially now that I am back at home. He was so understanding. I feel that he truly gets me. The next few days, seeing David was the highlight of my day. Knowing that I would get to talk to him again and see him was my motivation to get up in the mornings I just wanted to lay there all day. Day 6 was when things got a little crazy.

“Awesome job today Riley,” David commends me. The way he says it with that accent is so charming.

“Thanks, but I have an awesome doctor that helps me be awesome,” I say smiling at him.

“I know that it’s our last day of physio together so I thought that maybe I could buy you an ice cream or something?” David asks.

“Ice cream sounds wonderful,” I reply. I deserve a break after all my hard work.

“There is an amazing little place that is about a 20 minute drive from here. If it’s not too far for you, I would love to take you. I promise you that they have the best ice cream in the world! You will not be disappointed,” David says like a giddy child.

“Enough sitting around then and let’s go!” I say. David takes me by the hand and helps me up.

“Sorry for having to drive you around in this old thing,” David says as he points to his car parked just outside the doors of his office.

“Are you kidding me? It’s a Porsche! How can you be sorry for taking me in this?” I remark.

“It’s last year’s model. My new one is still on its way here,” David says nonchalantly and smiles at me.

“Wow, I think this is the most expensive car I have ever driven in,” I say in awe.

“Get in and see how the inside feels,” David says opening the door for me to get in. “You know you could be driving in cars like this every day. You could have anything you want and live in luxury.” David pauses for a moment and looks straight into my eyes. “Be with me Riley. I can give you all this. I can give you ten times what Aden has to offer you.”

Before I could give him an answer, David leans in and starts kissing me. I try to pull away, but David won’t let me. Soon he is over on my side, on top of me. He presses a button on the side of the seat and starts lowering it back. I feel his hand starting to come up under my shirt. This is so wrong right now! I need this to stop.

“David I can’t,” I say. He ignores me and forces me down more. I try to scream but he just holds his hand over my mouth.

“It’s alright love,” David says calmly. “I thought this is what you wanted?”

“No it’s not! Get off of me!” I demand.

“It’s all fun. Aden doesn’t need to know,” David whispers into my ear and then presses his lips against mine.

I start kicking my good leg to try and push him off but he holds them down and holds the rest of me down with his body on top of mine. I feel completely helpless. Why had I even agreed to this? Aden was right, once again, I shouldn’t have trusted this guy. A tear rolls down my cheek.

“What the hell!” Sam yells as she bangs her fists against the windows of the car.

David, startled by this lets me go to look at who is outside. “Your friend?” he asks frustrated.

“Let her go you perv!” Sam demands.

“What are you going to do about it?” David asks with a sly smirk on his face. “The doors are locked. We are in here and you are out there.”

Sam turns around and starts walking away.

“That’s right, just keep walking,” David says. “Now where were we?” He looks back at me and starts to unzip the zipper of his pants.

I make a fist with my right hand and swing with all my might. I feel a crack as my hand makes contact with David’s face.

“You bitch!” David says, holding his nose as blood runs down his cheek.

I hear the sound of faint footsteps getting closer. “Close your eyes Riles!” Sam commands me. I see a rock about the size of a tennis ball in her hand. She holds it and swings her arm, hitting the window. I quickly close my eyes as glass shatters into the car.

“You girls are crazy! Do you know how much it will cost to replace that?” David says in frustration. “You bitches will pay for this!” David gets out of the car and faces Sam.

“Oh really?” Sam asks. “I think you are the one who will pay.” She holds out her phone showing him a video of what he had just tried to do.

I think I can feel the heat radiating off David from the anger and rage. David grabs me from the inside of the car and pulls me out. “Get out!” He tosses my crutches to me and runs to the driver side, gets in, and pulls away.

I wrap my arms around Sam with gratitude. “Sam, I cannot thank you enough! How did you even know I was out here?”

“I came to see if you wanted to hit the mall after your session today. I saw you and Dr. Perv going out to the car together so I followed to try and catch up with you. I was going to just leave, but I heard you scream, then I saw him start to go down on you,” Sam says.

“You are such a lifesaver Sam!” I say.

“This doctor is going down,” Sam says as she curls her fists into a ball. “Let’s go report this guy.”
Chapter 16
ADEN

This week has been so crazy! First, I find out what that David guy tried to do to Riley. I knew that I should have trusted my gut feeling about him. It wasn’t jealousy. Then, today Dr. Harley came to speak with me about the progress we are making. It turns out that speech therapy is doing little to help. Once again, I knew that it was useless. I made a fool out of myself for nothing. Anyways, the next step he is going to take is preparing me for a complicated brain surgery. The odds of coming out of it with the capability of speaking again are quite high. He said I have a 75% chance of coming out of it speaking. I would still need to do speech therapy after to exercise that part of my brain. I won’t be completely cured right after surgery. So there is some work I will need to do. If he is confident it will work, then I am too.
“Aden, that is such great news!” Riley says to me after I tell her the news. “I mean, it’s good that they are sure this surgery can fix it, but it kind of sucks that your therapy didn’t work.”
“I know right?” I type. “In about a month I should be all set to go. I will be able to speak again.”
“Are you worried about the surgery?” Riley asks.
“Nah, I can handle that,” I type. “Are you?”
“Maybe,” she says, biting her bottom lip.
“Don’t be,” I type. “There is nothing to worry about.”
“I will try not,” she says.
“The doctor says that I can go home for about a week or two. I just have to come back the day I have to go in for the surgery,” I type, trying to lighten up the mood.
“That’s great!” Riley exclaims, clasping her hands together. “When do you get to leave?”
“Monday,” I type.
“This is so exciting! I can’t wait!” she squeals.
“Don’t tell Ethan just yet. I want to tell him myself,” I type.
“Promise,” Riley says, sealing her lips together with a swift motion of her hand.
“He is going to stop by this evening for a visit,” I type, “I will tell him then.”
“I should see if Sam wants to come and we can all hang out,” Riley suggests.
“No, you and Sam go do something fun this evening. I kind of want just a guy’s night this evening,” I type. Riley looks a little disappointed at this. “What? I’m not allowed to just hang out with my best friend for just one night?”
“You are right. I should let you guys do your own thing,” Riley says giving in.
“Thank you,” I type.
“What do you plan on doing?” Riley asks.
“Get caught up, maybe play some video games,” I type. My phone vibrates and I pick it up to see who it is. “Ethan says he is on his way, he should be here in about a half hour.”
“Can I stick around until he shows up?” Riley asks.
“Just because I just want to hang out with Ethan this evening doesn’t mean don’t want to get rid of you right away,” I type and laugh at her. “Of course my favorite girl in the world can stay here with me until Ethan shows up.”
Riley gets out of the chair she is sitting in and climbs up onto the bed beside me. “Do you think that the surgery will hurt?” she asks.
“Riley, I will be given anesthetics,” I type. “I will be out cold. I won’t even know what is going on around me.”
“I know. I’ve read some pretty scary stories about patients coming out of it while being operated on. They are wide awake and aware of what is being done to them,” Riley says.
“There is a small percentage of a chance that will ever happen to me,” I type. Riley’s imagination can run wild sometimes. Some of the things she comes up with, you can’t help but just laugh at. “You shouldn’t even be worrying about this. I am the one who has to get my head cut open.” I laugh.
“It’s not funny. Having you going into surgery where they cut open your head is the next scariest thing to me actually having to get it done,” she says. “Even the thought of surgery scares me. This is your brain we are talking about. It’s not some simple operation of something the doctors have done a million times already. They have only done this a couple of times Aden. Don’t tell me that doesn’t worry you even the slightest.”

“Maybe a small part of me, but continually thinking about it and what could happen, won’t help me. I just have to look forward to what will result in this operation. I am going to be unaware of anything. All I have to do is lay there and let the doctors do their thing. There is no sense in worrying about something that is out of my control,” I type.
“I guess that makes sense,” Riley says. She twirls a strand of her hair in her fingers. She tends to play with her hair like that when she gets nervous about something.
“What’s this?” I type as I notice a silver necklace chain around her neck.
“Oh! I completely forgot to tell you!” Riley gasps. She pulls the chain up out of the front of her shirt. “I found the pocket watch! I thought it was gone forever.”
“Where did you find it?” I type.
“It fell out of my bag as I was unpacking my things when I got home. It must have been wrapped up in the dress you gave me that night,” Riley says.
“Grandma said that it always had a way of finding its way back,” I type. “I guess it is part of the magic it supposedly has.” I hold my hands up and wiggle my fingers in a spooky way.
“I was so relieved to find it,” she says. “I don’t feel complete without it. It was like a piece of me was missing when I didn’t have it.”
I hold up the watch and examine it. “Maybe there is more to this watch than we think.”
“I couldn’t agree more. I wouldn’t trade it for anything,” Riley says. “Can you do me a favor?”
“Sure, anything,” I type.
“Can you hold onto this watch? I know that your surgery isn’t for a few more weeks, but if it there is really something special about this watch, then maybe it will help you. Maybe you will start to regain your speech within that time or if not, I am sure it will help you get through the surgery,” Riley says, looking at me with all seriousness.
“Riley, I am not sure if the watch works that way, but for you I will take it,” I type.
“I know it seems far fetch, but it stopped time just as your grandma told you it would and it found its way back to me. You have to give it some credit,” she says.
Riley turns around and I unclasp the latch of the chain. I carefully place the watch in the side pocket of my bag of things on the nightstand.
“Hey bro!” I type as I see Ethan coming around the corner.
“Aden!” Ethan says, walking over and grabs my hand and gives me a slap on the back.
“I guess that is my cue to leave,” Riley says, getting up off the bed and grabbing her purse and crutches.
“Oh hey Riley,” Ethan says.
“Hey Ethan,” she replies.
“Sam is outside waiting for you. I think she said something about a magic mike? Whatever that is,” Ethan says.
“Thanks Ethan. Love you Aden, see you later,” she blows me a kiss and hops out of the room.
“What’s new with you?” I type.
“Well, now that Riley is back at home, I’ve been back at my dorm. It’s kind of lonely. I don’t know how I did it before. I think Sam and I will be looking for a place sooner than you think,” Ethan says.
“Haha, how do you think I feel cooped up in a hospital by myself?” I type.
“Ok, you win,” Ethan chuckles.
“I won’t be for long,” I type.
“What do you mean?” Ethan asks.
“I had a chat with the doctor today. It turns out none of the speech therapy is working so we are going to have to revert to plan B,” I type. “He said that I am free to go home for the time being. I just have to come back right before the surgery in a few weeks.”
“That’s great news!” Ethan says. “When do you leave?”
“Monday,” I type. “Only a couple days until freedom!”
“It will be back to old times,” Ethan says.
“Almost old times,” I type.
Ethan looks at me puzzled. “Because I still can’t talk at the moment,” I type and hold up the device.
“Ah yes, right,” Ethan says processing that.
“I wanted to tell you something else. Actually it’s more of a favor to ask,” I type.
“Sure, what is it?” Ethan asks.
“Talking to Dr. Harley, he has full confidence in this procedure, but he did say that even though the chance of this working is high, there is also that chance it won’t,” I type. “I have decided to start writing up my vows to Riley in the case that I am unable to speak still after going through the surgery. When I am done writing them up, can I trust you to keep them safe until after the operation?”
“Um ya, sure,” Ethan says. “I guess I never thought of what would happen if this didn’t work.”
“It was the very first thing that crossed my mind,” I type. “It is driving me crazy having to wait for this to find out.”
“I will be sure to keep it safe,” Ethan says.
“I was also hoping that maybe you could help me write it up tonight. There is so much I want to say, but I can’t ever put them into writing. You know how to put thoughts into writing much better than I can. Who knew that you, Ethan, the football player who struggled in most classes would be a whiz kid when writing?” I type.
“I might be able to help you with that,” Ethan says. “Can we play a couple rounds of this new Halo game I brought first?” He holds up his gaming device and waves it in my face.
“Why do you have to tempt me with such things?” I type.
“Because that’s what I do,” Ethan suggests.
“I really want to start on these vows though. I know I have some time still, but you know how life is. Things come up and slowly it will get pushed to the side,” I type.
“I suppose the game can wait, but if you want me to really bring my A game for your vows, I think at least one game would do it for me,” Ethan says.
“If it will help, I guess one game won’t hurt,” I type.
Ethan’s face lights up. “I heard the graphics are so amazing and lifelike in this game! It’s going to be awesome!” he says.
“Look at that enthusiasm!” I type.
“I told you, gaming puts me in a good mood. Gaming first, work later,” Ethan says.
I roll my eyes at him. “Ok, hand it over,” I type.
Chapter 17
RILEY

“Good morning, what are you looking at?” I ask Sam, who is at the kitchen table scrolling down a travel site on her laptop.
“I was just thinking that this has been an extremely dreadful summer so far,” Sam says.
“You’ve got that right,” I say as I pour myself a cup of coffee.
“Don’t you think a little holiday would be fun?” she asks.
I pull my plush robe tighter around me and pull a chair up beside Sam so I can see the screen she is looking at. “It would be, but it’s kind of impossible for me right now,” I say. “Are you and Ethan planning something?”
“No, I was actually thinking that you and I should go somewhere,” Sam suggests to me.
“Ya right! Like I would go anywhere right now. Aden needs me,” I reply.
“Aden is a grown man Riley. He doesn’t need to be babied all the time. The doctor said he is fine and he is free to leave the hospital, am I right?’ Sam asks.
“Yes, he is free to go, but…” I start to say.
“No buts,” Sam says. “He is fine isn’t he?”
“Well technically yes,” I say.
“Then it’s settled,” Sam says.
“But Aden only has a few weeks before his surgery. I thought we were going to make the most of that time together,” I protest.
“Riley, you have the rest of your life after this surgery you can spend with Aden. A week of holidays isn’t going to kill you,” Sam retorts back.
“Where are you even planning on going?” I ask as I take a sip of coffee. It’s way too early for me to be arguing with Sam. I might as well listen to what she has to say, otherwise this conversation will go nowhere.
“San Francisco!” Sam replies automatically. “There are some good sales for the flights going out in two weeks. I was doing some research and San Francisco is the perfect getaway to de-stress. How can you say no to the Golden Gate Bridge or the cable cars and all those Victorian style homes? I know how much you love the Victorian style era. The nightlife is incredible and there are so many trendy restaurants to try.”
“That does sound pretty amazing,” I admit.
Sam continues on, “It says here that the Bay Area is home to some of the world’s finest wines. That would definitely be on my list of things to try. Don’t tell me that you wouldn’t want to do this.”
“I agree, it all sounds fun, but don’t you understand that I just went through an accident that left my boyfriend speechless and he is about to go through a major surgery on his brain!” I start to raise my voice a little without realizing that I was getting worked up over this. “And do you think it will be fun for me hobbling around all day in new surroundings on these stupid crutches!”
“Okay tiger, calm down,” Sam says. “Maybe you should add a bit of this too your coffee this morning.” She points to some Irish Whisky that was left on the counter.
“No, I don’t need that,” I say defensively.
“I understand that this is difficult for you right now. That’s why I think a little holiday will be good for you. You are to tense and stressed out about everything right now. All of the stress is wearing you down. You need to just get away from all the drama in your life right now. Just have fun and leave your worries at home Riley.”
“Let me talk to Aden about it,” I reply. I have a feeling I am not going to win this one with Sam by myself. Aden will talk some sense into her.
“Call him right now,” Sam demands as she hands me my phone.
“Can you at least give me a chance to wake up? I have only had a few sips of my coffee,” I say. “I am planning on going later to see Aden. I will talk to him then. You can come too.”
“Sorry, I get too excited over things like this and like to have them decided on in the moment,” Sam apologizes. “I will let you finish your coffee and wake up first.”
“Thank you,” I say as I take another sip from my cup. “On second thought, I think I will put a splash of that whiskey in here. I’m not driving,” I reach over to the counter and grab the bottle.
Sam rolls her eyes at me. “That’s right, loosen up a bit. When you are ready I will be in my room.” She pours herself the last of the coffee from the pot and leaves.
I take my cup and make myself comfortable on the sofa. Taking out my phone, I check my Instagram feed to see what is new this morning. I go onto Facebook and Twitter and do the same. Not much new and exciting since I last checked. Maybe I do need some excitement in my life to take my mind off things, but would it be the wisest choice with everything that is happening right now? I just sit there sipping on coffee in complete silence, contemplating life and waking up for the next little while. Today is one of those days where I could just lay in bed all day doing nothing.
My phone chimes on the table next to me, Good morning beautiful, looking forward to seeing you today, Aden. Is what scrolls across my screen.
Good morning to you too. I will be over in about 2hrs? I reply back.
That works for me , Aden responds.
Ugh, I guess I should get myself ready for the day. I slowly drag myself up from the sofa and make my way to my room to get changed. I look through my closet and decide on a dress to wear. A dress is the easiest option, I don’t need to match a top and bottom and I don’t have to worry about getting my cast through the pant leg. I choose my purple floral patterned maxi dress. It looks great, but easy and comfy to wear. Next, I put on some concealer and mascara and twirl my bed head hair up in a messy bun on the top of my head. Oh, and I can’t forget about my lip gloss.
“Ready to go?” I ask Sam as I knock on her bedroom door.
“Yep,” she says opening the door. “All bright eyes and bushy tailed now? Or are you still feisty?”
I roll my eyes at her and don’t respond to that. I follow her lead down to her car and we make our way to the hospital. I find the ride feeling extremely long today. As it is, it takes about an hour to drive there, but it feels like it takes two today. I am glad that tomorrow Aden will be back to his old place.
“I will drop you off at the front and then go look for a parking spot,” Sam says as she pulls up to the entrance.
“Thanks Sam, as always,” I say.
“Ya, whatever,” she says and then takes off to find a spot.
This is the last visit you will be making here until after the surgery, I say to myself as I take yet again, another step into the hospital.
“Hi Riley,” Nurse Daisy says as I pass her in the hallway.
“Nice to see you again,” another nurse I am familiar with says.
“I am so sorry to her what happened to you with that doctor,” another says.
I can’t believe that a small part of me thinks of this place as home.
Getting to Aden’s room is like second nature now. Up I go in the elevator to his room.
“Hey Aden,” I say, walking into his room.
“Hey!” Aden types. His clothes are all laid out on his bed as he folds and packs them away.
“Need any help?” I ask.
“I think I’ve got this.” He smiles. “Tomorrow I am out of here! Can you believe it?”

“I know!” I say.

“I am here!” Sam says, walking into the room.
“I didn’t know Sam was coming today?” Aden types.
“I wasn’t planning on it, but I came up with a brilliant idea this morning that I wanted to run passed you,” Sam says.
“What brilliant idea would that be?” Aden types.
“Well, your girlfriend Riley doesn’t think it is so brilliant,” Sam says, giving me a piercing look with her eyes. She takes her phone out from her bag and pulls a chair beside Aden and sits so he can see what is on her screen.
“San Francisco?” Aden types. “What’s in San Francisco?”
“You know that Riley over here is probably just as stressed out, if not more than you about your surgery,” Sam begins.
“That I can believe,” Aden types back.
“Well, I was looking around at some cheap deals on flights out of here and I found one in two weeks going to San Francisco. I did some research and I think it would be so much fun to visit,” Sam says. “I figured that since this summer has been put on hold for a bit, that a vacation is well needed. I think Riley should come with me just so she can let loose and have some fun. All this worrying is going to kill her.”
“It will not,” I say back. “Aden, you can’t honestly think that I should go. At least not until after we find out if you will be okay.”
“Sam, I have to give this one to you,” Aden types, “Riley, I am ok enough to leave this place, I’m sure I can handle a week without you. Sam is right, it’s not good for you to stress out about this.”
“You can’t be serious?” I say.
“Told you.” Sam shrugs.
“I am completely serious. Just because I can’t go anywhere right now doesn’t mean that it has to ruin your summer,” Aden types. “Go have fun.” Aden comes and grabs me by the waist and gives an Eskimo kiss on my nose. “I will be fine, I promise.”
“I don’t know, are you sure?” I say still not completely convinced.
“Just go! You are so stubborn.” Sam laughs.
“Fine, I will agree to go!” I say giving in.
“Thank you!” Sam says exasperated.
“So what’s the first thing you are going to do when you get home Aden?” I ask trying to change the subject.
“I am going to throw my bags on the floor and run up to my bed, taking a huge jump and just lay there enjoying every moment of it,” Aden types.
“Typical Aden,” Sam says.
“What? I bet Riley did the same thing,” Aden types.
“She sat down on her bed for a moment, then went all organizational crazy,” Sam says poking my arm.
“You know I find organizing therapeutic!” I say. “Don’t judge.”
“You can come over later and organize my things if you like,” Aden says.
“I think I will let you do that for yourself,” I say.
Chapter 18
ADEN

“So now that you have officially booked your flights and rooms, what do you two plan on doing while you’re there?” I type on my device.
Riley looks over at Sam, “What are we going to do?” she inquires.
“I don’t know,” Sam replies. “Just go and see where the day takes us.”
“You are dragging me on this trip and you don’t even know what we are doing for a week?” Riley asks, sounding annoyed.
“I mean, I have a general idea of what I would like to do, but a set schedule I don’t have,” Sam says.
“Okay, like what?” Riley asks, tilting her head in Sam’s direction.
“Just wander around and explore,” Sam says.
“Sam, you have known Riley for how long and you still suggest to her wandering around and exploring?” I type.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Riley asks sounding a bit offended by my comment.
“It’s just that I know you and I know that you need to have every little thing planned out. Wandering around isn’t the kind of thing you typically do,” I type.
“I can handle not having a schedule,” Riley says in defense.
Sam folds her arms together and looks straight at Riley. “So you trust me on this then?”
“Can we at least plan out a general idea of what each day will look like?” Riley asks.
“Trust me on this Riles. You don’t have to worry about a thing. Just sit back and come along for the ride,” Sam says as she leans back in her chair.
“I give you my permission to just let loose and do whatever Riles,” I type. “Whatever Sam tells you to do, do it. You won’t regret it.” She may not want to listen to Sam, but I know for sure she won’t be able to say no to me. I mean, who can resist my big blue eyes?
“Fine,” Riley says, giving in, “But can I just do my own research to see myself where we are going?”
“I suppose,” Sam says. “Research only though, promise?”
“Pinkie promise,” Riley says as she and Sam intertwine their pinkie fingers together.
“Great, we have that problem solved,” I type breathing out a sigh of relief. “Just no fighting on this trip now. You won’t have me to intervene and things could get ugly.”
Riley slaps my shoulder, “Everything will be okay. We have lived in the same house now for a year, I am sure we can handle a trip together.”
“I know, I am just joking with you,” I type.
“What do you boys have planned when we are away?” Sam asks.
“Sit at home and sulk because they can’t go on an awesome trip like us,” Riley teases.
“No, men don’t sulk,” I type. “We have a week of some intense football training planned. Coach is going to let us use the field to practice.”
“That’s good to hear,” Sam says. “Ethan will finally be outdoors and active for once this summer. He has been glued to his games.”
“This injury set me back, I need to get back on my training schedule before fall comes,” I type. “By the looks of it, Ethan does too.”
“Training?!” Riley says, raising her voice a little.
“Yes training,” I type. “Is there a problem with that?” I am a little confused right now at her reaction.
“Aden, you were just in an accident, you have surgery in a few weeks and you need to stay safe,” Riley says sternly.
“Riley, like I said before, I am fine. I even talked to Dr. Harley about this and he said exercise and training is good for me.” I type. “It’s not like I am running around on a broken leg.”
“Sure, exercise is okay, but I have seen you guys in training and it’s rough,” Riley says concerned.
“I am going to just hang out in my room for a bit while you two work things out amongst yourselves,” Sam says, excusing herself from the kitchen.
Riley and I both don’t notice her leave. “It’s me and Ethan Riley, it’s not like I am practicing with a whole team,” I type.
“I don’t care, you are still doing really intense physical activity. What if you hit your head and it set’s back your surgery or makes something worse?” Riley says almost shouting.
“Riley calm down!” I type. If I could speak right now my voice would be right up there with Riley’s.
“Don’t tell me to calm down Aden. This is your health we are talking about!” Riley barks at me.
“Give me one second,” I type.
“For what Aden?” Riley says annoyed.
I walk over to the living room area and open up a round storage ottoman in the middle of the room. It has become a storage place for all the things I have forgotten here or just leave here so I can have them whenever I come over. I pick up my blue and yellow football helmet and place it on my head.
“Okay, let’s talk,” I type as I sit back down at the table with Riley.
Riley starts laughing, her anger slowly fading. “What are you doing?”

“I don’t know,” I type. “Things were getting pretty heated a moment ago, so I figured I might have more chance of an injury in here than I do on the field.” I give her a smile.
“I’m sorry,” Riley apologizes. “It’s just that I am so worried about you and about everything right now.”
“I know,” I type.
“Go and have fun at practice,” Riley says to me. “I have noticed your muscles looking a little small from being in bed for the past couple weeks,” She jokes.
“They’ve shrunk that much?” I type carrying on with her joke.
“I will be expecting a strong, handsome man to lift me off the plane to my bed when I get back. I am not sure if you’re strong enough to do that anymore,” Riley says teasingly.
“I will start pumping that iron right away,” I type.
Chapter 19
RILEY

“This hotel is amazing!” Sam squeals with excitement as she opens the door to our room. “Okay, you have to agree with me that I made a pretty good judgment about going with this hotel.”
“Yes, I have to hand it to you, you did a good job,” I say. “What other surprises do you have up your sleeve?”
“You will just have to wait and find out,” Sam replies.
“Knowing you, it will probably be something that I won’t want to do and then you will talk me into your bad plans like you always do,” I state.
“That’s what friends are for,” Sam says, taking my comment as a compliment.
“What does our evening look like tonight?” I ask.
“First things first, let’s get out of these travel clothes,” Sam says sticking her tongue out as she pulls on her oversized sweater. “Make sure to look extra fab for tonight.” She winks at me.
“I smell trouble,” I say with a small smile forming from the corner of my mouth.
“Trouble? What Trouble?” Sam says, looking around the room. “We need to start this holiday off on a good note.”
“Does this meet your approval?” I ask as I hold up a blue flared out skirt and a white lace crop top.
“Perfecto!” Sam says. “Go put it on girl!”
I slip on the clothes and make my way to the bathroom to do something with my hair and makeup. I add in a few extensions to add some length and thickness to my hair and pull it up into a high ponytail, Ariana Grande style. I add a bit of concealer under my eyes and a winged liner to my eyelids. I also put on a pair of false lashes. Sam always says that the eyes without lashes are like cake without frosting. We always make sure our lashes are looking their best when we go out. Even if we don’t do anything else with ourselves, our lashes are a must because they can add so much to your appearance without even trying.
“What are you wearing?” I yell out of the bathroom to Sam.
“Remember those black pleather leggings I got from Zara a few months back?” Sam asks.
“Ya, I remember them,” I holler back.
“I am wearing those with a V-neck leopard print blouse,” Sam says.
“Meow!” I say. “Ethan is going to be jealous! You better watch yourself tonight.”
“I have already sent him a few pics,” Sam replies. “It’s fun to tease him knowing he is going to have to wait a week for this.”
“You’re so mean!” I say.
“Boys want what they can’t have,” Sam says. “It just makes him love me that much more when I get home.”
“Oh Sam,” I say. She has the answer for everything.
“You just about ready there girl?” Sam asks.
“Just about,” I say, “ I just need to put on my other earring.”
“Fabulous!” Sam squeals as I come out to grab my purse and shoes.
“Why hello there tiger,” I say to her. Her hair is done up in big voluminous curls.
“All right then, let’s go!” Sam shouts.
Sam links her arm through mine and we head out.
“So where are you taking me?” I ask.
“Just follow me and you will see,” Sam says.
We walk out the front of the hotel and you can see the sun starting to set. The sky is vibrant with colors of rosy pink, scarlet red, blood orange and some deep, velvety purple. It seems like the perfect night for exploring. San Francisco is so beautiful. Like I said before, at night is when the city comes alive.
We walk about 3 blocks away from our hotel. We pass several old buildings with beautiful architecture. I eye up a few quaint boutiques along the way, making note of where they are, so maybe Sam will let me go tomorrow or one of the days at least. We are not too far from the water and as I look out, I see the lights glimmering in the reflection on the still water. I bet Aden would love it here. Maybe next year we can plan a trip here together.
“We are here,” Sam points to a modern nightclub.
“Are you sure we will be able to get in?” I ask. “It looks like they are only letting in people on a list.”
“Riley, what have I told you before?” Sam asks. “Trust me, I know what I am doing.”
“You are not going to make me do anything illegal are you?” I say hesitantly.
“Of course not! Who do you think I am?” Sam says. “Just follow.” Sam takes my arm and pulls me with her to the entrance of the club.
“Sorry ladies, but you can’t get in if your names not on the list,” the bouncer with a deep voice says to us. He looks very big and strong, I don’t think I would want to mess with him. What is Sam up to? I want to just sneak away and apologize for the misunderstanding.
“Oh, we are on the list,” Sam says.
“We are?” I ask.
“You are?” The bouncer asks.
“Sam Stuart and Riley Warren,” Sam says.
The bouncer goes through the list he has on a clipboard in his hands. “Sam Stuart and Riley Warren, right here,” he says, pointing to the names on his list. “May I see some I.D. please?”
Sam and I pull our I.D.’s out of our wallets and show him. He nods in approval and lets us through the red velvet rope.
I look over at Sam with disbelief when we get inside. “What was that all about?”
“Long story short, Ethan plays football with a guy whose friends with some famous athlete’s son,” Sam says. “He made a few phone calls and was able to set us up on the list.”
“This is so exciting!” I say.
“Maybe we will even meet a few celebrities ourselves!” Sam says, grabbing my arm excitedly. “Maybe we will see Channing Tatum!”
“Okay, let’s calm down Sam,” I say, trying to maintain my composure. “I doubt Channing would be here, and besides you have no chance with him.”
“It’s wishful thinking.” Sam shrugs. “Come on lets go while the night is still young!”
The music is booming and the lights are flashing. The club is filled wall to wall with people. Sam and I squeeze our way through the crowd to the bar.
“Two margaritas please,” Sam tells the bartender. He picks up a bottle of tequila and tosses it in the air and catches it, then pours it into two glasses. He puts on more of a show as he mixes the rest of our drink together.
“Here you go ladies,” he says handing the drinks over.
We each take one. “He is so hot!” Sam says leaning into me. I shove her shoulder. “Hey, I can look can’t I?”
“This is amazing!” I say, taking a sip of my drink.
“I bet we can get plenty more of these without having to pay a cent,” Sam challenges.
I set my drink down and look at her in confusion. “Now what have you planned up in your brain?”
“A little game I like to call, see who can get the most drinks bought for them by a cute boy,” Sam says.
“Sam, remember the two cute boys back home we have? We can’t do this,” I say.
“Have a few more sips of that margarita and loosen up,” Sam says, taking my drink and holding it up to me.
“Who said anything about dating these guys? I bet I could get a drink from the tall, dark, handsome guy over there with just a smile,” Sam looks over in his direction and bats her eyes flirtatiously as she catches his eye. He smiles at her with a devious grin. Sam mimics it, then looks away, still smiling. Sam and I both watch as he excuses himself from his group of friends and walks over to where Sam is at the bar.
“Can I get an appletini for this lovely lady sitting here?” he asks with a slight Italian accent to the bartender who immediately whips up a drink and hands it to Sam.
Sam takes it and bats her eyes some more at the man who just bought her a drink.
“May I ask the name of this beautiful lady?” he asks Sam.
“Sam,” she answers and takes a sip of her drink.
“Sam,” he repeats, “Short for Samantha?”
“No, actually it’s Samira,” Sam replies.
“Beautiful name darling,” he says. “Maybe I can interest you in some dancing?”
“As wonderful as that sounds, I actually have a boyfriend back at home who would not be happy if he caught me dancing with you,” Sam says sympathetically giving a little pout.
“Come on, Samira, he will never know. Besides, I bought you a drink, you owe me,” he says as he tries to pull her from her seat.
“First of all, don’t call me Samira, only my mom calls me that and second, I didn’t ask you to buy me anything so I don’t owe you,” Sam says. “And if you look over to your right, you will see that big security guard over there. His name is Gus and he is a friend and if he sees you trying to touch me or come over here one more time, he will kick your ass out this door.” Sam looks over and waves to Gus and he gives a wave back.
“Whatever.” The guy turns and walks away.
“That puts me in the lead one nothing,” Sam says as she turns around and smiles at me.
“You’re crazy!” I exclaim. “You just totally pissed that guy off. Do you really know that security guy?”
“Do you really think I would know a security guard here in San Francisco? Of course not!” Sam says, throwing her head back laughing as she starts to feel the effects of her second drink. “Okay, your turn miss goody two shoes.”
I scope out the room looking for someone to fall for my trick. In the corner is a mid-height man with short dark brown hair and blue eyes. I look at him with big puppy eyes and he notices right away. He smiles and then comes up to me. Poor guy doesn’t know he has just fallen into my trap.
“Hey beautiful,” he says as he leans against the side of the bar top. “My name is Luke.”
“Hi,” I say as I turn my chair around so I am facing him.
“Poor girl, stuck here on the sidelines as she watches everyone around her dance the night away. What happened to your leg?” Luke asks.
“I would rather not talk about it.” I fake a small tear welling up in the corner of my eye.
“I am so sorry I didn’t mean to upset you,” Luke says kind of panicked. Boys never know what to do when the tears start coming.
“No, its fine. It’s just that I was in an accident while I was on my way to take my dog to the vet. She needed surgery to help fix her back leg so she could walk normal. She was born with a paw that curved in when she walked. She had a hard time getting around. Unfortunately she didn’t make it out of the car crash. Poor Bailey will never know what it is like to run or walk with ease,” I say as I break out into a fake sob.
“That’s terrible!” Luke says not knowing how to respond to that story. “Can I get this girl a gin and tonic?” he asks the bartender.
“Thank you, but you didn’t have to,” I say to him as I sniff my nose.
“It sounds like you have been through quite the traumatic experience. You deserve it,” Luke says. “Do you want to join me over there at my table and maybe I can get to know you better, maybe talk about something else that is happier. Let me at least try and lift your mood. It was my fault to bring up such sad thoughts. I need to redeem myself.”
“I am actually here with my friend.” I turn to face Sam who gives Luke a wave. “I wouldn’t want to leave her. It is supposed to be our girl’s night out tonight.”
“I understand,” Luke says disappointed. “Can I get your number at least? Maybe we can hang out another night?”
I hold out my hand and Luke passes me his phone that he already has opened up to a new contact page. Under first name I put Jazmine and I enter a random number that comes to my head.
“I guess I will see around then,” Luke looks at the name I put in his phone, “Jazmine.” Then he turns and walks back to his table.
“Riley Riley Riley!” Sam gasps in disbelief. “Or should I say Jazmine? You lost your dog in an accident? That is pathetic and brilliant at the same time!”
“Was that too over the top?” I ask.
“Um no!” Sam says. “Where has this Riley been hiding all this time? You are such a little actress. Does Aden know about your story telling ability? If this is what a little bit of drinking does to you then I can’t wait to see what you do when you get more!”
“I kind of feel bad about lying to him. He seemed really genuine,” I say. “It was really exhilarating though! You’re up next.”
“Hmm, I don’t know how I can top that one,” Sam says as she looks around.
This game of ours went on for another three rounds. By the end of the night I was having a blast. The thought of Aden never came up once in my mind the entire night. Sam was right. I just needed to let loose and have fun for once.
“Okay Riley I think you’ve had enough,” Sam says, giggling as she takes the last sip of her drink.
“Me? I think you have had enough! What did you just say to that last guy? I need to go because my cat is waiting for me back at home!” I say trying not to slur my words.
“Whatever, like your excuse that, my grandma is calling me, was any better!” Sam snorts.
“I think I need some help walking to the door,” I say.
“I’ve got you,” Sam says as she gets up from her chair and nearly falls because of twisting her ankle.
“What have we done to ourselves?” I giggle. “I have a broken leg and can barely look straight ahead of me without feeling dizzy. And you can’t walk period!”
“Let me see if Gus will help us,” Sam slurs as she gestures over to the security guard to come.
“Can I help you ladies?” Gus asks.
“Um, I think it would be safer if I don’t attempt to walk with a broken leg in the state I am in right now,” I say trying not to laugh. “And my friend here is not in the best situation either to help me.”
Gus rolls his eyes at us. “Wait right here and I will call you a cab. I will help you ladies out to it when it arrives.”
“Thank you Gus!” Sam yells out to him as he walks away to go call us a cab.
“I like that guy don’t you?” I say. “He is very nice.”
“Me too. Don’t you wish you could have a personal bodyguard around all the time?” Sam asks.
“Didn’t you just feel like a siren tonight?” I ask changing the subject. “We hypnotize men with our charm and beauty, then dispose of them when we get what we want from them.”
“You’re so right!” Sam laughs, then starts to sing what I think is supposed to be a song of the sirens.
“Okay, maybe without the singing,” I say covering my ears.
“Your cab is outside waiting ladies,” Gus says as he comes from behind us. Beside him is another big guy. “I’ve got this one and you can take that one.” He says to the other guy as he helps me up. “My name is Ed, by the way, not Gus.”
“I think Gus suites you better,” Sam says, “Let’s just stick with that.”
Security helps us out to the cab and both Sam and I just about fall asleep during our 2 minute ride back to the hotel. I never realized how exhausted I was until now. When we get to the hotel, the cab driver helps me to the front lobby where the guy that works the front desk helps me to our room. Having a broken leg is such an inconvenience!
Sam and I both don’t bother taking off our makeup or getting into our pj’s when we get to our room. Both of us immediately crash on the bed. I have to admit, this was a pretty good start to our holidays. Tomorrow morning I might regret it after feeling the after effects of this night. For now, I will just enjoy every moment.
“Let’s not tell the guys,” I say faintly, already half asleep.
“What happens in San Francisco stays in San Francisco,” Sam whispers back.

Chapter 20
ADEN

“Two more days until we get our girls back bro,” Ethan says to me. “We’d better get in as much practicing as we can.”
“It’s been a great week,” I type as I reminisce of the past few days. Ethan and I have been in hard core training mode this week. An all protein diet and intense football practice. The past few days we have been working on just building our muscle and strength up. I need to build up as much muscle as well as cut my body fat. This will help me to block my opponents better, tackle harder, and above all, just overpower my opponents. Ethan and I have been working on a set routine of full body exercises that involve two exercises per major body part. Yesterday, we added in some heavy weight lifting. This will help us to apply as much force as we can in fast bursts on the field. Today, we are upping our game. We are going all out in this practice. We will do strength exercises with max performance followed immediately by a power exercise. I am pumped and ready for this. This is my favorite part of training. I love to push myself to the max, see how far I can go.
“Come on, let’s go, we don’t want to waste our day away,” Ethan says as he swings his duffle bag over his shoulder.
“You’ve got everything we need?” I type.
“Water, towels, football, and a few pepperoni sticks,” Ethan says as he takes one last look in his bag, double checking that he didn’t miss anything. “I think we are good to go.”
I toss my bag into the back of Ethan’s Mini and get in. You know, for such a small car I am surprised at how much stuff you can fit in the car plus two big guys like Ethan and me.
“What’s on the agenda today?” Ethan asks.
“I was thinking maybe strength and performance,” I type in response.
“Oh ya!” Ethan says enthusiastically.
“The girls must be enjoying themselves. I haven’t heard too much from Riley since they left,” I type.
“Sam probably has her banned from talking to you this week.” Ethan laughs to himself.
“You’re probably right,” I type. “Sam made it clear that this trip was supposed to let Riley relax and not worry.”
“Did Riley tell you about the start of their week on Monday?” Ethan asks.
“No, like I said, I haven’t spoken to her much. Just a good morning or goodnight or saying they arrived safely,” I type.
“Well apparently Sam got Riley wasted that first night,” Ethan says as he bursts out laughing. “The security guard at the club had to help her to the taxi, the taxi guy helped her to the hotel, and the hotel guy helped her to her room! Sam was just as wasted as her!”
“Riley? No. I can’t believe Sam got her to drink that much!” I type in disbelief. “I would have liked to have been there to see that! I am glad she is having fun.”
“I know right?” Ethan says. “That would be a one-time only deal for Riley to do that.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this info sooner?” I type.
“I forgot all about it until now,” Ethan says.
I roll my eyes at him. “Anything else I should know?”
“Not that I can think of. They have been doing a lot of sightseeing and shopping. I’m sure that Riley will tell you all about it when she gets home,” Ethan says.
“I am sure I will get an earful,” I type.
Ethan pulls the car into the university parking lot. On school days this place is usually packed. Today, since there are no classes, the place is barren. Only us and a few other cars here today. It’s nice not having to fight for a parking space or circling the whole lot two or three times before finding an open parking spot.
“It’s going to be a hot one today!” Ethan remarks as he gets out of his car.
I feel the rays of the sun warming my face as I get out of the air conditioned vehicle. “Yes it is,” I type.
“We probably won’t get in as long of a workout today as I thought,” Ethan says.
“We can,” I type. “We will just have to break it up into smaller circuits and make sure we cool down and hydrate in between.”
“Let’s just see how we feel after the first circuit and go from there,” Ethan suggests.
“What? You don’t think you can handle a little heat?” I type, challenging him.
“I can handle anything, I’m a man,” Ethan says as he beats his chest.
“Let’s warm up with a lap or two around the field,” I type as I set my bag down on the bleachers and run out to the field.
“Wait up!” Ethan yells as he throws his things beside mine and runs over to catch up.
Running and jogging is a passion of mine. I can just run and leave the world behind. My focus now is on my breathing and every step I take as I run down the field. I don’t have to worry about conversation or the fact I am mute. I can leave my speaking device on the sidelines and just run.
“I think one lap is good enough for me bro,” Ethan says out of breath as we pass the bleachers we started at. He stops to catch his breath and wipes the sweat off his forehead with his jersey.
I hold up one finger and continue on, starting a second lap around.
“One more? Your crazy dude! I am going to sit this one out,” Ethan says as he sits down.
I can’t help myself. Running gives me a high like no other. Halfway through my second lap I start to feel a bit off. I shrug it off and continue running. I then start to see black speckles everywhere and I feel dizzy. I stop and give it a second to see if it goes away. It doesn’t. My vision gets blacker and blacker until I completely black out.
…………………………………………
I wake up to the steady beat of monitors beeping. Aw man, this is de ja vu all over again! This can’t be happening. I still have a couple more days left of freedom until I have to come back here. I was having such a great start to my day too. I was making my way to the end of my second lap, about to start the best part of training and that’s the last memory I have of today. Riley will not be happy about this. I promised her I would be careful.
“Mr. Hansen, it’s a surprise to see you here so soon,” Dr. Harley says to me as he brings a chair up to the bed.
“I just love it here so much I just couldn’t stay away,” I type. “So what’s the damage?”
“It appears that you only suffered from heat exhaustion. We will get you all hydrated up and you should be good to go. Just to be on the safe side, we will perform another MRI scan on your brain to make sure it was not affected.”
“Sounds good Doc,” I type. “We don’t need to inform Riley of this right?”
“Well, I did ask Nurse Daisy to contact Riley just to let her know what happened and that everything should be okay with you. I can page her and see if she was able to get a hold of Riley yet and if she hasn’t then I will tell her that you request her not knowing,” Dr. Harley tells me.
“Thanks. She is on a trip with Sam and I don’t want her to worry about anything she doesn’t have to,” I type. “As long as it’s nothing serious I think this one can slide.”
“On that note, let’s get you prepped for your scan,” Dr. Harley says as he claps his hands together.
“I will have my fingers crossed that everything still looks good on my scan,” I type.
“I will do the same,” The doctor says. “Next time, try not to push yourself so hard out there. With or without a brain injury, extreme heat is hard on the body, especially if you are working out in it.”
“Sorry, I will be more careful next time,” I type.
Dr. Harley assists me down the all too familiar hallways to the MRI scanning room. Up on the table I go and I lay still as I go through the machine. It is like second nature going into these things now. I just lay there and think of what Riley could be doing right now. I wonder if she would be going across the Golden Gate Bridge or tanning herself on the beach. Maybe they found a cute, little shop and are finding all sorts of crazy unique things only she would find. I really hope Nurse Daisy hadn’t gotten a hold of her. I figure that she probably hasn’t yet. If Sam won’t let her text me, I am sure she has taken Riley’s phone hostage so Riley can’t sneak any texts.
“All done for today,” Dr. Harley says to me as my scan finally finishes. “I am just going to have you spend the night here just in case anything was to happen. I should have the results of your scan by tomorrow morning.”
“Thanks again,” I type.
“Do you need me to help you back to your room?” he asks.
“No, I think I can manage,” I type. “After all, this is my second home you know.”
“All right then, we will see you around Aden,” Dr. Harley says as he checks his phone and heads down the hallway.
I pull out my phone and check to see if I have any missed messages. Nothing, my screen is blank. I guess that’s a good sign. Riley must not have found out.
Where is Ethan? I suddenly remember that I was with him up until now. I bring up my messages and go to his name. Where are you dude, I type.
In the waiting room, he responds.
Meet you in my old room here? I type.
Be there in 5, Ethan texts back.
Just as I arrive in my room, I see Ethan just turning the corner to meet me.
“Hey dude. So is everything going to be okay? Are you going to live?” Ethan asks.
“Ya, I’m fine. Just heat exhaustion that’s it,” I type. “They just performed another brain scan just to be on the safe side, but I don’t think that they will find anything from it.”
“That’s good news,” Ethan says. “So you are stuck here then for the night?”
“Unfortunately,” I type. I jump up onto the bed and prop a pillow up behind me.
“So I am guessing that we won’t be going as hard in practice tomorrow?” Ethan asks.
“If this heat wave continues, then no,” I type. “Unless we just go to an indoor gym and just work on the equipment they have there.”
“I heard that the gym that just opened up near your place is supposed to be epic,” Ethan says. “The equipment they have is first class. I even heard a rumor that Dwayne Johnson worked out there a couple times.”
“Sweet, we will have to check it out,” I type.
Chapter 21
RILEY

“Can you hold my bag for me while I go try this on?” Sam asks me as she tosses her purse in my direction.
“That’s a cute skirt,” I say as I catch Sam’s purse.
“I know right?” Sam says examining it. “They only have it in a size medium, so I want to make sure it will fit. You know how it is, you could fit a small in one brand and in another you need a size up.”
“I know all too well,” I say. “Do you want me to come in with you?”
“No, I should be good for this one,” Sam says.
“Okay, I will be over here looking at the shoes,” I say.
“I will be out in a flash,” Sam says, turning to go to the change rooms.
A few moments later I feel someone’s phone going off in Sam’s purse. Sam banned me from all communication with Aden this week so I can just think of me for once. If it’s my phone going off I am sure I can sneak in this one call before Sam gets out. Tomorrow we are headed back home and I haven’t made one text or phone call since being here all week. I think I deserve to talk to Aden.
I was right, it was my phone buzzing. I pull it out and I notice it’s not Aden who is calling. I recognize the number, but I can’t remember where from.
“Hello?” I ask as I answer the phone.
“Hi, Riley,” A female voice says. “This is Nurse Daisy.”
My heart starts to race a million miles a minute. This can’t be good if Nurse Daisy is calling. I knew I should have kept in touch with Aden. What if he was in trouble and had tried calling before. Maybe I could have helped somehow. “Hi. Is everything okay?” I ask.
“Yes, everything is okay as far as I know,” she says. I let myself breathe, nothing is wrong. “I was just calling to inform you that Aden is here at the hospital right now….”
“Wait, what? I thought you said everything was okay. Aden at the hospital doesn’t sound okay to me,” I say cutting her off as I starting to panic again.
“Don’t worry Riley, Aden is fine,” Nurse Daisy says calmly. “He and Ethan were doing some training today and Aden passed out, but it is nothing major. We have had extreme heat these past couple days and Aden simply suffered from some heat exhaustion that is all. Dr. Harley did a scan on Aden’s brain just to make sure everything is still all good, but we are pretty sure that nothing affected it. The doctor just wanted me to call you just to inform you. It’s nothing you need to worry about.”
“So you don’t know the results of the scan yet?” I ask.
“We will know by the end of the day,” Nurse Daisy says.
“And you are certain that nothing should be wrong,” I say.
“Positive. We just performed the scan to be sure,” she says.
“But there is still a chance?” I ask.
“A very small percentage Riley,” Nurse Daisy reassures me.
“Aden just doesn’t know when to stop. He pushes himself too much,” I say talking to myself, ignoring the fact I am still on the phone. “Maybe I should just come back today. I think I should be there with him to hear the results just in case something is wrong.”
“Riley, you don’t need to come back for this. I will call you as soon as the results are in,” Nurse Daisy says. “I am going to need to go now. I am being paged for something. I promise I will let you know as soon as I get the results.”
Before I can say anything, she hangs up on me. I can’t believe it. I told Aden specifically not to overwork himself. I knew he would end up doing something stupid like this. What if this messes up the chance of him ever speaking again?
“Hey! Why is that phone in your hand?” Sam scolds me as she grabs it from me. “I leave for a minute and this is what you do.”
“I want to leave today,” I say plainly.
“What do you mean you want to leave today?” Sam asks. “We still have a full day ahead of us. One call to Aden and look what it does to you. I am sure you can wait until tomorrow to see him Riley.”
“Aden is in the hospital,” I say.
“What? Why? Is he alright?” Sam asks all at once.
“I guess there is a heat wave back in L.A right now. Ethan and Aden were training and Aden passed out. Nurse Daisy said it was just heat exhaustion, but they did an MRI just to be on the safe side,” I say.
“So he is going to be okay then? He is going to live?” Sam asks.
“Well, yes but…” I start to say.
“Then why can’t we just leave as planned tomorrow?” Sam asks. “I am sure Aden doesn’t need you there. He is fine, you will see him tomorrow.”
“But what if the results of his scan come back and it’s bad news? Shouldn’t I be there with him for that?” I protest.
“If the doctors aren’t worried then you shouldn’t be worried,” Sam says. “This is why I didn’t let you have your phone this week.”
“It could have been something serious,” I say. “What if I missed the call for that?”
“I have had everything under control all week Riley. If it was an important phone call I would have let you know,” Sam says. “You have been having so much fun this week and actually have been letting loose for once. This has been good for you, getting away from it all. This is your last day to have freedom from the stresses in your life right now Riley. Enjoy your last day here because after today, you are back in the real world again. If Aden is going to live, then I refuse to take you to the airport. You know what? If you leave today that means I have to leave too. You might not realize that I might actually be having fun here and want to stay our full time planned here. The whole world shouldn’t stop just because you want it to Riley. I don’t mean to sound harsh, but it’s the truth. Just because you say so, shouldn’t mean everybody else around you has to suffer. Take Aden for example. The whole time we have been gone, he has been enjoying his time doing something he loves to do. Football is the next important thing next to you. Since you have been away, he can actually focus on doing the things he loves. Sure, he might have pushed himself a little too much today, but it’s nothing major. Anyone could have passed out because of heat exhaustion in that type of weather. I could be walking down the street and pass out because of the heat. At least he was enjoying himself. So no Riley, we are not going to leave today, we are going to stay here and make the most of our last day in San Francisco.”
I have no response for that. I just stare at her blankly as I process what she just said. I guess I never thought of myself being so selfish before.
“I am sorry Sam. I never thought of it like that before,” I say as a small tear forms in the corner of my eye and rolls down my cheek.
“Come here Riles,” Sam says as she wraps her arm around my shoulder. “I don’t mean to be mean, but you need to realize that there are other people here too who have feelings and you can’t just control them all the time.”
“I know, but it’s just that it has been so stressful. All of this. I just wish everything could go back to how it was before the accident,” I say. “I guess I didn’t realize how much I was controlling everyone like that.”
“That’s what friends are for,” Sam says. “It may hurt, but someone has to tell you how much a bitch you can be at times.”
“Isn’t a bitch a little bit of an over exaggeration?” I say with a small laugh.
“No, not really,” Sam says laughing.
“Thanks Sam,” I say smiling at her, “For telling me like it is. I don’t know what I would do without you.”
“I don’t know what you would do without me either Riles,” Sam says grinning.
“So what else is on the agenda for our last day?” I ask.
“Well I’m going to buy this skirt,” Sam says. “It fit perfectly. I think Ethan will like it on me.”
“Oh good! It is too cute to put back on the rack,” I say. “I think I will just get these little rose earrings.”
“Those are adorable! Is there another pair in a different color?” Sam asks.
“Yes, there is a pair of baby blue and also a pale yellow,” I say.
“Do you mind if I get the yellow ones?” Sam asks.
“Go right ahead,” I say. “It will be just another thing I can borrow from you later on.”

Chapter 22
ADEN

Do you know the feeling where you are beyond tired but your mind is completely awake? That is me right now. 3am and still awake. Riley and Sam had to get picked up from the airport at 1am. From what I heard, it sounds like they had a blast. I will have to get the full low down tomorrow. Having Riley back, tomorrow being surgery day, and being that much closer to purposing is on constant loop in my head. It’s tiring just thinking about it all, why can’t I just let it go for a while and get some rest? I have a big day planned for Riley. I just want to do something special before the surgery. Even though I told Riley that I am not worried about the surgery, I lied. The whole process freaks me out. What if the anesthetics wear off and I wake up while they have my head cut open? Even worse, what if I go through this and I can’t speak? How will Riley ever hear me say I love you again? My stomach turns in knots just thinking about it.
I remember Riley talking about some breathing exercises that will apparently help you fall asleep fast. I think it was something like 4-7-8. You breathe in for 4 second then exhale for 7 then inhale for 8. I guess it works for Riley. I might as well give it a shot. I don’t want Riley to see me with heavy under eyes for our date. I take a deep breathe in then out, then in then out. Hey, this is actually working. Within a few minutes I finally am asleep.
…………………………………………………
I slowly wake up from the blinding sun beaming through my window. I look at the clock and it is just after noon. At least I got in some sleep.
I look at my phone to see if I missed anything. Nothing. Not even from Riley. She must have slept in too today. Well I better get ready.
Good morning beautiful, I text Riley as I pour myself a bowl of cereal.
Someone clearly has no concept of time, Riley texts back. Then a second message, Good afternoon to you handsome.
I meant to do that, I text back.
I am trying to pick out what to wear today. Should I be dressing up or dressing down? Riley texts.
Does dressing down involve not wearing much? ;) I text.
Let me rephrase that for you. Something formal or casual? Can I wear heals or do I have to wear boots or sneakers? Can I wear flip flops? Should I bring a sweater? she texts.
I never realized how much thought goes into picking an outfit. What about that cute pink dress you wore to supper with my folks last summer? I thought that looked good on you, I text. There, problem solved.
Sure, I think I can work with that. I think I still have it in my closet somewhere, Riley replies, See you in a few hours G Bear.
Oh Riley, I would think she looked beautiful even if she showed up wearing a dirty old sock. I never understood why it takes girls hours to get ready. It’s not like I haven’t seen Riley looking her worst. Not that she ever looks bad.
I think I will kill time and go for a run and clear my mind before I have to get ready. By getting ready I mean showering and brushing my teeth.
………………………………………………………
“Hey handsome!” Riley says enthusiastically as she gets in my car. I lean over and kiss her.
“I haven’t been able to do that in a while,” I type.
“I’ve missed it,” she says, leaning in again. “So where are you taking me tonight? I feel like that has been my whole summer so far, people planning surprises for me. Next date I want to choose something.”
“Go ahead, but I don’t think anything can top this date,” I type.
“We will see about that,” Riley challenges.
I put the car in drive and pull out of the driveway. The drive to our destination is quiet. There is so much I want to say, but I can’t really text and drive. I miss the conversations we have in the car. Just one more sleep and everything will be back to normal again.
“What kind of a sketchy place are you taking me to?” Riley jokes as I park the car in front of an old warehouse like building.
“Close your eyes,” I type. I get out and open the door for Riley. I take her hand and lead her inside the building.
“Don’t make me crash into any walls,” Riley says. “Do you know how scary this is when you have no idea where you are?” She laughs a nervous laugh.
“Think of it as a trust exercise,” I type. “Okay now wait right here and don’t move. No peeking either.”
“Where are you going?” Riley asks, but I don’t respond.
I run over to a back room where there is a bunch of controls for lighting. I turn on a couple of the switches and the room lights up. I rush back to Riley. “Okay you can open your eyes now.”
“Oh my gosh Aden! What is this place? It’s amazing!” Riley says.
“One of the guys on the football team has a sister playing in a major production. She is letting us spend the evening here.
The old warehouse is where the cast is set up to practice until they set up the set on stage. The play takes place in Paris. There is a 20ft Eiffel tower complete with lights, little bistro table and chair sets, each set up with a rose bouquet as the center piece, and tons of greenery fill the space. Behind everything is a lit up backdrop of a starry night looking over a balcony to the streets of Paris with a full moon lighting the evening. I have set up under the Eiffel tower a table and chairs for us with a gourmet French themed meal planned for us.
“You always talk about traveling and going to the city of romance. I thought that why not bring the city of romance to you,” I type.
“Aden, it’s incredible!” Riley says. “I don’t know what to say. Thank you.” She looks at me with her big green eyes and I see a tear forming in the corner of her eye.
“This isn’t a sad cry now is it? You know I don’t handle crying very much,” I type.
“No, it’s a happy cry,” Riley says as she wipes the tear away and laughs. “I don’t know what I did to deserve you.”
“You are my everything Riley,” I type. I wrap my arm around her waist and lead her over to the table.
“May I take your jacket for you, mademoiselle?” I type and take the coat off her shoulders and place it on the back of her chair.
“Thank you sir,” Riley says sitting down.
“Seriously? Brad forgot to light the candles!” I type.
“It’s fine Aden. I think everything is perfect,” Riley reassures me. The light off the Eiffel tower makes her glow, showing off all the contours of her face. I can’t help but stare.
“You are the most beautiful woman in the world,” I type.
She looks down in embarrassment. “So what’s for dinner? I am starved.”
I snap my fingers and two waiters in tuxedos come bringing out two silver plates for us. “Bon appetite,” they say and leave.
“Pretty snazzy,” Riley says.
“I know right? I have always wanted to do that,” I type.
Riley laughs and picks up her fork to take a bite of her filet mignon. “Delicious,” she says after she swallows.
There is a second of silence between us. I think both of us are just too caught up in the moment.
“Have you ever thought about what the future will be like for you? I have been thinking a lot about the future and what all the possibilities are,” I type as I break the silence.
“The future,” Riley stops to think about it. “One thing for sure is that I see you in my future, I hope. In a couple years graduate, and hopefully get a job as a lawyer straight out of school if all goes well.”
“Yes, I definitely can see a future with you too,” I type, “But haven’t you ever thought of what else the future could hold besides just school and work?”
“I’ve never really thought about it much,” Riley says. “I have just always taken it day by day, which sounds crazy since you know how much I like to plan ahead for everything else. What do you see?”
“You already know I would like to play in the NFL, but besides the obvious, I think I would like to take a year to just travel around the world. There is so much out there to be seen. If I am able to, then why not? I also would maybe like to volunteer time to helping some of the less fortunate children in other countries. We have it so good here, we don’t even think about the people in third world countries. I feel like even if it is just something small I can do, it can make a big impact on someone else’s life.”
“Wow, I’ve never knew that was how you felt,” Riley says, taking my hand in hers.
“I don’t know, I just feel like helping would give some sort of purpose to my life,” I type.
“I feel the same way,” Riley says. “I think it would be an amazing experience to do something like that.”
“Together,” I type.
“Yes, together,” Riley says.
“Maybe someday I will have the privilege of raising my own child and teaching them the importance of helping and giving,” I type.
Riley looks up and smiles. “Maybe even children? I think I would like to have at least two, that way they can grow up having each other. Growing up, I was fortunate enough to find such a great friend like Sam. She was like my sister. Having a sibling, you have an automatic best friend and I think I would want that for my children.”
“I agree,” I type. “It sucks being an only child. I didn’t find my best friend until I was a teen. I always wondered what it would be like to have a brother, and then I found Ethan.”
“Aden, I am worried about tomorrow,” Riley says suddenly.
“This night is about you and me. Let’s not talk about tomorrow. Let’s just live in the moment,” I type. “Would you care to join me for a dance?”
“That would be wonderful,” Riley says as she takes hold of my outstretched hand and I lead her away from the table.
I snap my fingers and the lights dim. An orchestra playing Tale as Old as Time starts to play.
Riley looks at me with wide eyes. “My favorite song!”
I lead Riley to the middle of the room under the artificial moonlight under the Paris streets and we start to dance. Riley sets her head on my shoulder and we don’t say a word for the next few moments. Both of us just take in this moment we have together. I so badly want to ask her to marry me at this moment, but I know that if I wait, it will be so much better if I could actually say what I want to say to her.
“You have really out done yourself Aden. You’ve gone above and beyond this evening to make me feel like a princess,” Riley says, gazing into my eyes as the song ends.
“I will do anything for my princess,” I type. “I have one last surprise for you this evening.”
I lead her over to an old style automobile and open the door for her. “After you.”
“What is this?” Riley asks as she gets in the car.
I snap my fingers and a projector turns on, shining on the wall in front of us. “A movie of course. Is Beauty and the Beast alright?”
“It’s perfect,” Riley says quietly as she turns so we are face to face. She leans in close and I smell her Sweet Like Candy perfume on her. I breathe it in and it brings back all the memories of every date we have been on. It’s the scent that she only wears on dates. She slowly puts her lips on mine and her hands run through my hair. “Can the movie wait?” she whispers in my ear.
“Riley, but we made a promise,” I type.
“I’m tired of being patient so let’s pick up the pace,” she whispers as she runs her fingers down my arm.
“Are you sure about this Riley,” I type.
Riley takes the talking device and sets it out of my reach. “I’m positive,” she says as her lips brush up against mine. “I need a little less conversation right now and a little more of you.”
I know that I probably should have stopped myself at that moment, but I couldn't help myself. Even though it wasn't the moment we planned on, it felt right. I think Riley felt the same way.
Let me just say, tonight was a night to remember. It was amazing.

Chapter 23
ADEN

“Today is the day,” I type and I inhale a big breath.
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?” Riley asks me.
“As ready as I will ever be,” I type. “Thank you again for last night by the way. It definitely took my mind off what is about to happen today.”
“You’re welcome.” Riley winks at me. “Just promise me that you will make it out of this surgery okay. When you do, there will be plenty more of what happened last night when you get out.”
“I am holding you to that,” I type.
“Do you have the watch?” Riley asks.
I pull on the chain I have hanging around my neck. “Right here. Close to my heart,” I type.
“Good. There is just something about it that seems sort of magical,” Riley says. “Don’t judge, but we can use a little magic right now.”
“I feel the same,” I type. “So, what are you going to do while you wait these next couple hours?”
“Wait here,” Riley says. “No way am I going anywhere.”
“Come on, that sounds boring,” I type. “It would make me feel more at ease if you were out at least enjoying yourself.”
“That will be hard to do,” Riley says.
I reach over and grab my wallet. “Here take this and scout out the best place for a banana split for me,” I type. “That is the first thing I want to see from you when I wake up after surgery.”
“Aden, this is no time to kid around,” Riley says sternly.
“What? I am in the mood for a banana split.” I type. “I have heard that post surgery a person gets hungry. Please do this for me?”
“Fine,” Riley says, taking the money from my hand, “But only because I love you.”
“Thank you Riles,” I type, “You’re the best.”
“I know I am,” Riley jokes.
“Take your time getting it. I want you to do your research to find the best place. Even if it is half way across the city, go for it,” I type. “I won’t accept anything less than fantastic.”
“I promise you it will be the best banana split you have ever tasted. Possibly the best in the world,” Riley says sarcastically.
This should distract her for a couple hours at least. I don’t need her sitting around here anxiously waiting. She does that enough already.
“Okay, go get me something delicious babe,” I type.
“I will,” Riley says quietly. She leans in and gives me a kiss. “See you when you wake up G bear.” She turns and walks towards the door and pauses for a moment, then looks back and forces a smile as a tear runs down her cheek.
“I will be fine Riles. I promise,” I type. “I love you.”
“I love you too Aden,” she says.
This is actually harder than I thought it would be, now that I am minutes away from going in. Within these few moments, the reality has sunk in of what I am about to do. It always just seemed like it would just be so easy. Go in, have surgery and come out. I am freaking out a little and I never freak out about anything.
“Knock knock bro,” Ethan says as he and Sam come in.
“Hey guys,” I type.
“I see you sent Riley on a little mission,” Sam says.
“I had to do something,” I type. “I didn’t need her to sit here and worry. At least it puts my mind at ease that she is out and about and hopefully not completely focused on the surgery right now.”
“I agree,” Sam says as she rests her hands on my shoulders.
“So are you nervous?” Ethan asks, looking down as he shoves his hands into his jean pockets.
“Just a little,” I type. A bead of sweat forms on my forehead and I wipe it away.
“Dude, that doesn’t look like just a little,” Ethan says. “Don’t worry, you won’t even know what is happening once they knock you out with the meds.”
“Ya, it’s just right now I don’t have any meds in me so it’s kind of freaking scary to think your head is going to be cut open,” I type. It’s a good thing that Riley isn’t here to see me like this. I was able to hold it together for her at least.
“Don’t think of it like that,” Sam says. “Don’t think of anything that will be happening. Think of it as you are going to just be going into a deep sleep for a bit and when you wake up, you will see your future fiancé and she will have a delicious banana split for you.”
“I guess that’s one way of thinking about it,” I type. “In a few moments I am going to just sleep for a bit.”
“I heard that some people get some pretty wicked dreams when they go under anesthetics,” Ethan says.
“Well, as long as they are all good things, then it should be okay,” I type.
“Just think of the happiest thought as they put you under then the chances of that becoming your dream will increase,” Sam says.
“I will try that,” I type. “Thanks for the suggestions.”
“Well, I don’t know if that is an actual thing, but it makes sense to me that the last thing you think of is what you will be dreaming of,” Sam says.
“Sounds legit to me,” I type. “I will try anything.”
“Sorry to interrupt but we are ready for you now Aden,” Dr. Harley says as he comes over and pushes the bed I am laying in, over to the door.
“See you in a few,” Ethan says as he gives me a fist pump on the way by.
“You have my proposal with you still?” I type.
Ethan takes out a folded piece of paper from the pocket of his jeans and holds it up to me. “Safe and sound,” he says.
“You will do great Aden,” Sam says as she waves goodbye.
Dr. Harley turns the corner and I see Riley. “Wait!” she says. Dr. Harley stops and Riley comes over to me. “I love you. I promise to have your banana split fresh and ready for you to eat as soon as you’re done.” Then she kisses me one last time before I enter the surgery room.
“I promise you Aden that you won’t feel a thing throughout this whole procedure,” Dr. Lang says. “I am going to give you some anesthetics now.” He takes a plastic mask with a tube and places it over my mouth. “Now, I am going to get you to countdown from one hundred out loud for me. Don’t worry about saying them correct. I just need to hear you.”
I take in a deep breath. “Un uned, uny ine, uny at, uny evn….” I say, trying to count down. As I count down I think of Riley and the look on her face when I ask her to marry me. My eyelids feel heavy. I can’t keep them open any more. In just a few seconds I am completely out of it. All consciousness of the world is gone.
In the distance I hear a faint voice calling my name. The voice gets louder and louder, then I recognize it as Riley. She is wearing a white long flowing gown. Her hair is full of curls. On top of her head is an arrangement of white flowers as if it was a crown. She is standing in a grassy open field. She looks like a goddess amidst the flowers. “Aden I do.” She says as she places her hand on my cheek and smiles.
I feel very warm and happy inside. I reach out to hold her hand, but then she takes a step back.
“What’s wrong?” I ask. She says nothing. I see her stomach growing and growing. She holds her stomach in pain, then lies down on the grass. She cries out in distress. I run beside her and take her hand. She grabs it and squeezes it with all her might.
All of a sudden we are now in a small house. I hear crying coming from one of the rooms so I walk towards the sound. I look into the room at the end of the hallway to see a nursery. In a big chair sits Riley cradling a new born baby.
“Do you want to hold him?” Riley asks.
“Yes I would,” I reply. “He’s ours?”
“Yes Aden, isn’t he the most beautiful little boy?” Riley responds.
“I’m a father,” I say to myself. “This is my boy.”
Suddenly everything around me starts spinning then vanishes. I stand in a dark, empty room with a big wooden door in front of me. The only light I see is coming from under the door. I push it open and walk out to a dusty road. I look around to see savannah grass and plains. I think I am somewhere in Africa.
“Daddy daddy!” a little boy with dark brown hair and the same green eye’s Riley has says as he runs into my arms. “We are going to give kids school supplies!”
“Is that so?” I say smiling. I reach out to scoop him up into my arms.
“Look how excited he is doing this,” Riley says coming up from behind us. “He is just like his father.”
I am about to say something in reply, but before I can open my mouth, I am swept away again. This time it’s just Riley and I. We are sitting at a round white table with a flower arrangement in the center. The lights in the room are dim and all we have are the glow of candles lighting our faces.
“It’s nice to have some time for ourselves isn’t it?” Riley says.
“I suppose,” I say not knowing what is happening now.
“It’s nice of Sam to offer to have a play date with our son and her girl,” Riley says.
“Sam has a daughter?” I ask.
“Are you feeling okay?” Riley asks. “We found out that Sam and Ethan were having a child shortly after we found out about ours.”
“Oh, right,” I say.
“Aden, I have something to tell you,” Riley says.
“What is it babe?” I ask.
“Aden, you’re going to be a father again!” she says excitedly.
“That’s amazing!” I exclaim. Wow! I can’t believe we are having a second child.
“To our growing family,” Riley raises her glass of water and I pick up the champagne glass in front of me and we toast.
“To our growing family,” I say. I take a sip of the champagne and then I suddenly don’t feel too great. I feel like my body is losing all of its feeling. My hands go numb and I drop my glass. It shatters into a million pieces on the floor.
“Is everything alright Aden?” Riley asks. She quickly rises from her seat to start gathering the pieces of glass.
“I don’t know,” I say. I start to panic as I lose all feeling in my body now. I fall to the ground like a lifeless lump of potatoes. What is happening to me? I start to see black flecks in my vision and the room get darker and darker. I lay there in total darkness, limp and scared. Then I see a flash of light, then nothing.
Chapter 24
Riley

“I know that I am back a little early, but Aden doesn't have to know that,” I tell Sam as I take a seat next to her in the waiting room.

“That actually looks really good,” Sam says as she eyes up the banana split I have in my hand.

“I figured you would say that…” I say. “That's why I brought one for you too.” I pull out a second one I had packaged and put in a bag.

“Omygosh, you’re the best!” Sam says, grabbing it immediately out of my hands. “You know I stress eat when I'm in situations like this. Not that I have ever been in a situation exactly like this.”

“Is it the best banana split you have ever tried?” I ask, waiting for her to taste it.

“I would say it is a top contender,” Sam says with her mouth full. “I remember when I was little, my parents had taken a trip with me to Italy and I had this amazing banana split with authentic gelato. I don't think I have had anything like it. This here though is pretty damn close.”

“Oh good!” I say. “Then I am sure Aden will be happy with it. I should go and see if I can find Nurse Daisy, she could put this in a fridge for me until Aden is out.”

"I think I saw her go down the hallway to the left not too long ago,” Sam says.

“Thanks, I will be right back,” I say as I hurry down the hall looking left and right for Nurse Daisy.

“Riley,” I hear a voice from behind me say. I turn to see Nurse Daisy.

“Oh hey, Nurse Daisy! I was just looking for you. I have…” I start to say.

“Riley,” Nurse Daisy cuts me off. “The doctors would like to have a word with you about Aden.”

Okay, now I am worried. This could be one of two things. Aden’s surgery could have gone really well and all that's left is recovery or they don’t think it worked and he may be mute for the rest of his life.

“Sure thing. Is everything okay?” I ask.

“Just follow me,” she says, gesturing for me to come.

Oh no, this can't be good. She usually reassures me when everything is going to be fine. Poor Aden, he will be so crushed if this operation didn't work. I know it will be a little difficult always having to communicate using that speaking device, but we have both learned to deal with it quite well in the short amount of time having to use it.

I follow Nurse Daisy down the long hallway back to the operation room. We pass Sam and Ethan, who are still outside in the waiting room. Sam looks at me with a concerned face. I shrug my shoulders as if to say I don’t know what is happening. Nurse Daisy continues on to the room they brought Aden and stops just outside of it.

“Can I go in and see him?” I ask.

Nurse Daisy doesn’t respond. She just gives a small knock on the door and Dr. Harley comes out of the room.

“Riley, can we take a seat over here to talk?” Dr. Harley asks, gesturing over to a small table.

I nod my head and follow him to the set of chairs in the corner. I sit down slowly. My hands feel like they are shaking uncontrollably with nerves right now. I am getting a really bad feeling about all of this. My heart is racing a rapidly and I just want someone to tell me what is going on.

“Riley, as you know, this is a very complicated surgery we went in to perform on Aden. Dr. Lang has spent years, even before being introduced to Aden, working on and developing this procedure. As you know, there are risks going into an operation of this calibre. Even though the chances that something major could happen are quite low, there is a chance.”

“What are you saying?” I ask, leaning in closer.

“Dr. Lang unexpectedly nicked a small part of the brain,” Dr. Harley starts.

“What do you mean, nicked a small part of his brain?” I ask, my voice shaking. “He’s going to be okay isn’t he?”

“It sent a shock through the rest of the brain causing it to stress. This in turn has an effect on not just the brain, but all of the body. Aden’s body couldn’t handle the stress,” Dr. Harley explains. “Riley, I am afraid that Aden didn’t make it.”

What I am just told doesn't register with me. Everything just seems like a whirlwind of words and noises rushing past me. I just sit there trying to process what he just said. Then it hits me. It hits me like a hundred pound boulder that just fell on my shoulders. Aden is gone.

“This can't be right. You've made a mistake,” I start to cry.

“I am afraid there is no mistake,” Dr. Harley says solemnly.

“But he can't be,” I insist. “I travelled across the city just to find him L.A’s best banana split,” I say as more tears stream down my face.

Nurse Daisy comes up from behind me and sets her hands on my shoulder consolingly. “I am so sorry Riley,” she says.

I turn and wrap my arms around her and bury my face into her shoulder and sob. “Can I see him?”

Dr. Harley nods his head and leads me into the surgery room. There, I see Aden lying motionless on the table. His skin looks pale and his eyes are closed. I hop over on my crutches to the table and reach out to hold his hand. It is just like before when he was in a coma, limp and lifeless. This time though, there is no hope of him coming back. I won't be able to hold his hand as we walk through a flower filled park on a nice summer day. I won't be able to hold him tight when I am scared. I won't be able to look into his big, beautiful eyes and tell him I love you. I won't be able to hear the sound of his voice ever again. What about our plan to travel and have babies or help the less fortunate? He is never going to wake up.

I wipe a hair that has fallen out of place on Aden’s forehead. Around his neck I see a silver chain. The chain to the pocket watch he gave to me. I thought that it was supposed to have some magic left in it. I guess not. I gently slide the necklace off Aden and hold the watch in my hand. I notice something strange about it. The clock is ticking. How can that be? It's been dead for over a year now.

“Riley, I think it's time to go,” Nurse Daisy says, coming up behind me.

“No, I need to stay a little longer!” I insist.

“Come here sweetie,” Nurse Daisy says, “We need to go.”

“I can't leave him here!” I cry.

Nurse Daisy wraps her arm around me and leads me out the door. I try to resist at first, but then give up. There is no point in fighting it. Aden is never coming back. What's the point of trying anything at this point? How am I supposed to live life without Aden by my side? Aden was my rock. Without him, I feel helpless and alone.

We walk until we reach the waiting room where Sam and Ethan are.

“Riley, is everything okay?” Sam asks as we approach.

“Does it look like everything is okay?” I ask as tears run down my cheeks. “Nothing about this is okay.”

“What's wrong?” Sam asks, but this time turning to Nurse Daisy for an answer.

“Aden is dead! That's what's wrong!” I cry in anguish.

“Oh my god!” Ethan says under his breath. “Aden is really gone?”

“Yes Ethan, you heard correctly,” I say. “Why do I have to be the most unlucky person in the whole world?”

Sam immediately comes up and holds me in a tight hug. “I am so sorry.” She whispers as her voice shakes.

“I just want everything to go back to how things were before the accident,” I say quietly.

I hear a sniff from beside us. Ethan wipes away a few tears from his eyes. “This just doesn’t seem real,” he says. “My best friend is gone. My brother.” Then Ethan reaches inside his jean pocket and pulls out a small folded paper. “I think you should have this.” He says as he hands me the paper.

I unfold it slowly. Inside is a hand written note. I could recognize the penmanship anywhere. It's Aden's writing. The start of the first line says, To Riley, my once in a lifetime. It's the only words I could read before my eyes well up with tears and make my vision too blurry to read any further. I look up at both Sam and Ethan. “Excuse me for a moment. I think I need to get some air.” I run down the hallway as fast as I can on crutches, down the stairs and out the front doors. I feel the coolness of the summer breeze immediately blow across my face. It feels good. I breathe in a gulp of air, then I fall to my knees and curl up at the side of the building just crying. I try to read the letter from Aden. It's too much for me to handle right now, but I continue on. I try taking in a few deep breaths to try to calm myself down.

Chapter 25
Aden

To Riley, my once in a lifetime,

Riley, you once asked me a question. You asked me, if our life story was made into a book, what would you call it? Now, I never got a chance to answer you then, but I have been doing a lot of thinking about it lately. Once in a lifetime is what I would call it. Since the very first time I laid eyes on you, I knew you were something special Riley. It's not every day you get to meet a girl like you. You are smart, beautiful, and funny, you have a heart of gold, you are caring, loving, and I could go on and on. You know how lightning only strikes something once and never again? You are that lightning that struck me straight in my heart. You are the only girl that has made me feel the way I do. You gave me a smile and it made my heart run wild. I thought maybe this would just be a passing love, but you caught me by surprise and it turned into a lasting love that continued to grow. You make me want to be romantic and act so different when I am around you. I am so glad that I found you Riley.

Riley as long as the stars are above us in the sky, as long as the seasons continue to change, as long as the sun continues to rise, that is how long I will love you. I want to wake you up every morning with breakfast in bed and bring you coffee and kiss your sweet lips. The love I have for you is so much that it is worth more than all the gold in the world. I want to stay with you forever. I want to be with you until we are grey and old.

Riley Warren, what I am trying to say is, will you marry me? Will you be my wife? Will you be the mother of my children? Will you be the one to grow old with me?

Riley Warren, please say yes. I cannot imagine a life without you in it. My grandmother’s watch was right. You are my true love. There is no one in the entire world I would rather be with.













# # #



“The worst moment is when the person that gave you all your memories becomes a memory.”

