Shakespeare for Everyone Else
Othello
A Retelling by C.E. Wilson

Published by C.E.Wilson at Smashwords

Copyright © 2013 by C.E. Wilson

All Rights Reserved
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Text copyright © 2013 by C.E. Wilson
All Rights Reserved

For information:
www.cewilsonauthor.com
https://www.facebook.com/cewilsonauthor


Othello:  Shakespeare for Everyone Else
A YA retelling of Othello by William Shakespeare

Cover Design by:  Mae I Design and Photography

ISBN:  978-0-9883055-6-4

Good friends are hard to come by,
Thank you Kirstin for all your love and support
I am lucky to have you in my life.

Who’s Who in Shakespeare for Everyone Else:  Othello

Othello, Orion
Desdemona, Devony, Dev

Emilia, Ellie
Michael Cassio, Micah Castile

Iago, Archer
Roderigo, Roderick

Brabantio, Darren, Devony’s father
Duke of Venice, Headmaster Castile, Vance, Micah’s father

Bianca, Bentley

Prologue

She tugged nervously on her red hair.  She had known this moment would come and it couldn’t be avoided any longer.  “Are you sure you want to do this?” Devony asked him carefully.  “We’ve kept it a secret for so long, I’m sure we could for a little longer.”
“Why would you want to do that?” a voice responded in a soft yet authoritative accent that was almost British, but not quite.
“School starts tomorrow,” Devony said.  “We could just stay quiet about it for a bit longer—”
“I’m tired of waiting.  I hate all this sneaking around.  I’m tired of it, Dev.  I want to start my senior year right, you know?  I want to be honest.”
“Orion, I don’t know how people will take it.”
“Since when do you care so much about what other people think?”
She winced a bit as she searched for another excuse.  “Orion, you’re a senior and I’m—”
“You’re a junior,” he finished for her.  “We wouldn’t be the first.  Didn’t you have fun with me this summer?”
She smiled.  “It was incredible.”
“I agree and I’ve done everything you’ve asked me to.  I kept our relationship a secret from everyone despite the fact that I wanted to scream from the rooftops we’re together.  Do you want to break up now that school’s starting?”
“Of course not!” she blurted out, crawling into his dark denim-clad lap, wrapping her arms around his neck and rubbing his smooth mahogany skin.  “This was the best summer of my life.  And your parents—”
“My parents loved you,” Orion said, kissing her gently.
He still couldn’t believe that this girl was his.  Her pale, slender hands were such a contrast to his.  Orion’s skin was so dark that his classmates joked they couldn’t see him at night without a flashlight.  Orion laughed with them, but the comments still hurt.  He couldn’t help but wonder if Devony was trying to keep him a secret because she was embarrassed.  “Is this really just about your dad?”
“No—”
“So what is it?  You’re worried about what people at school will think?”
“It’s not that…” she said softly, returning his kisses.  “You’re basically perfect.”
“I’m not,” Orion denied strongly, but inwardly taking a moment to enjoy having his ego stroked by such a beautiful woman.
“You live by yourself and yet you still manage to take care of this whole apartment.  You’re practically a man.  Don’t I seem like a child to you?”
“A child?” Orion said, pulling back with a surprised look.  “Devony, I don’t date children.  What are you so worried about?  Are you ashamed of me?”
“I’m not!” she blurted out, snuggling against his chest.  He smelled warm, earthy.  “Orion, you could never embarrass me.  How can you even ask me that?”
“I’ve known your father for several years now.  He’s always called me an honorary member of his family and I feel guilty when I see him now, knowing that I’m doing…” he trailed off, kissing her neck and her collarbone, “…this to his daughter on the sly.  He trusts me, Devony.  He was the one who spoke to the headmaster about letting me continue to attend school while my parents were traveling.”
“I just need more time,” Devony said, moaning as his kisses hit all the right places.  “I have to break the news to my father gently.”
“Why?” Orion asked.  “Because I’m not—”
“That’s not why.  You just said my father treated you like family.”
“What a man says and what he believes are two very different things.”
“God, I love your accent,” she said.
Orion rolled his eyes.  “Now I know you’re just trying to change the subject.” 
“But it’s true!”
With his dark skin and sharp African features, his soft accent seemed to belong to a different person.  Every time he spoke, Devony could tell that she wasn’t the only one captivated by his speech.  Everyone turned in his direction to hear what he had to say.  His voice rumbled, sounding so much like a man’s already.  He seemed much older than his eighteen years but why shouldn’t he?  Orion had been taking care of himself since he was fifteen and his parents moved to the states from South Africa.
At first he had been nothing more than a strange immigrant in Devony’s world but many people took to him because of his kindness and his exceptional maturity.  She was one of many who had fallen under his spell.  Orion was charming, attractive, and gentle.  She had started dating him over the summer when she realized she was no longer afraid to approach him.  She was now visiting his apartment whenever she had the chance.  Warm days, cool nights, it didn’t matter – they were always together, in each other’s arms and kissing.  After three months she found that she still couldn’t describe how much she loved him despite just turning seventeen.
But summer was quickly turning into fall and she knew that keeping their relationship a secret wasn’t an option anymore.  Orion wanted to be an honest man and honest men didn’t go sneaking around with their friend’s daughters.  She nuzzled closer to his chest, inhaling the rich scents of vanilla and of a forest after a heavy downpour.
“Don’t try and be cute,” Orion said affectionately, running his fingers through her auburn curls.  “Don’t think that you can distract me with your compliments.  I think I know you better than that.”  Smiling, Devony lifted her head, looking into his surprisingly light brown eyes with her blue ones.  He smoothed his thumb across her cheek.  “Maybe you can distract me with those eyes, though,” he relented.
“I’m going to tell him,” she said.  “Soon.  You just have to give me more time.”
“Time.  You always want more time,” he said.  “Why can’t we just tell him?  I’m tired of all this.  I want to show you off to the world, Dev.  Don’t you want to show me off?”
“O-of course,” she said.
“You hesitated,” he said, frowning.  He couldn’t hide his hurt.  “I don’t like feeling this way.”
“I’m sorry,” she said.  “I don’t want you to feel bad for being who you are.”
“You know I’d do anything for you,” he said, leaning in closer and kissing her lips.  “What can I do?  How can I convince your father that I’m a good guy?”  She thought hard, biting her lower lip.  Orion found the sight adorable and gently touched her lip with his thumb, brushing it softly as his long fingers curled around her hair.  “That’s a bad habit, Dev,” he said thickly.  “Talk to me.”
“Did you think about what I said earlier this summer?” she asked, hoping to change the subject.
“You’re going to have to be a bit more specific.”
“Running for student body president?”
“Dev, I couldn’t,” he said, leaning back.  “It’s not like anyone would vote for me.”
“Everyone would vote for you,” she said.
“You seem pretty sure of yourself.”
“I’ll help you.”
His dark eyebrow arched.  “You’ll help me?”
“Of course!  It was my idea, wasn’t it?”
“I’m listening.”
“You’re a senior this year, and everyone knows who my dad is.  We’d be an unstoppable pair.  Plus, we’ll be able to hang out if we’re working on it together.”
“What about your dad?”
“I’ll tell him, Orion, but you have to give me time.”
“How much time do you need?”
“Time to…” she trailed off.  What was she waiting for?  Orion was a great guy and more than worthy of her father’s approval but she was still reluctant.  Orion was older than her – a senior – and though he was all of the great things she mentioned earlier, she couldn’t help but worry that her father would be a challenge.  “Run for student body president,” she said again.  “Please?”
“Will you talk to your father?”
“I…I’ll try.”
Orion frowned, realizing that this was probably the best he was going to get.  His phone buzzed next to him on the end table and carefully he moved Devony out of his lap and next to him on the couch.  He checked the message and his frown grew even more pronounced.
“Who is it?” Devony asked.
“The headmaster,” he said.  “Checking in on me as always.  He said he wants me to get to bed early with school starting soon.”
“Then I should go,” Devony said, standing up to smooth out her jean shorts.  Her legs still looked as soft and pale as ever, despite the summer sun and the heat.  Orion had once tried to count every freckle on her thighs, losing count after several hundred.
“Do you want me to walk you down?”
“No, I’m okay, I’m parked close,” she said, walking to the door.  Orion stood up and followed her to the front of the apartment, resting a hand in the frame as he opened the door.  Leaning over her, he pulled her into a hug, resting his chin in her curls.  “You can see my car from here,” Devony said, smiling and hugging him back.
“Do you really want me to run for president?” he murmured into her hair.  When he felt her nod below him, he smiled.  “I’ll do it.”
She looked up at him, her smile somehow growing wider.  “Really?  You mean it?”
“If that’s what’ll make you happy,” he said.  “I can’t deny you anything.  You’re too damn cute.  But if you’re going to help me, then you’re going to be with me, okay?  I expect you to be with me…in the open.”
“What about my father?”
“I’ll give you whatever time you need,” Orion said.  “But at school,” he grunted, pulling her in close, “you’re mine.”
“I’m yours,” she said, standing on her toes to meet his lips.  “Always.”
“Good.  Now get out of here before the headmaster decides to actually drive over and check on me.”  He gave her butt a playful smack as she turned away.  “Drive home safe.”
She smiled and waved, sauntering over to her father’s car.  “See you at school?”
“See you at school,” he said, watching her go.

August

September

October

November

Act One

Chapter One

“Another rejection letter?” Archer groaned, tossing the paper away from him.  “I can’t believe it!  Those were my top two schools, and both of them rejected me.  My father’s going to cut me off if I don’t get accepted somewhere.”
“Maybe you aimed too high,” Roderick said as he stooped over to pick up the letter.  He read it over.  “Ouch.  Lack of extra-curriculars.  That’s rough, man.”
Archer snatched the paper from his hands and sloppily crumbled it up.  “Shut up.  I know.  If I was student body president and not the treasurer then maybe I wouldn’t be in this damn mess!  I never considered that Capetown would actually run, let alone win.”
“Devony was helping him,” Roderick said.  “It certainly doesn’t hurt to have the mayor’s daughter on your side.  They were awfully close during his campaign.”
“A bit too close if you ask me.  What could a girl like her possibly have in common with Capetown?”  He frowned, deep in thought.
“That’s pretty disrespectful, man.  His name’s Orion.”
“Orion?  Capetown?  What’s the difference?  He’s not even from this damn country and he thinks he can just stroll in here and run my school?  He could have at least made me vice-president.”
“Didn’t he offer you secretary?”
“A woman’s job,” Archer sneered.  “I thought treasurer would at least look good on college applications.  So much for that.  I bet Capetown’s screwing the mayor’s daughter and daddy doesn’t even know about it.”
Roderick lifted up his head, looking surprised.  “W-what?  What did you say?”
“I said that I bet Orion and Devony are seeing each other.  It wouldn’t surprise me.  What other reason would they have to spend so much time together now that the election is long over?”
“Do you think?”
“Why don’t you ask Devony?” Archer asked with a smile.
“Why didn’t you tell me about this before?  Dammit, Archer!  You’re supposed to be setting Devony up with me!”
“I’m working on it.”
“How are you working on it?  For the past few months I’ve been patient, lending you money from my trust fund and I’ve got nothing to show for it except my father’s bitching!  How long have you known about this?”
“I guess I’ve always suspected it.”
“Do you have any proof?”
“I’ve heard enough,” he said.  “It’s not like Orion can keep his mouth shut.  He acts like Devony’s some sort of angel.”
“And you’re only telling me about this now?  I thought you hated Orion!”
“I do,” Archer answered sharply.  “Never think I don’t.  Have you already forgotten what happened at the damn student election?  After I lost to Capetown, other juniors and seniors went up and told him personally that I should be his vice-president.  Everyone knows I should have been, but did he choose me?  No!  He chose Micah!”
“That’s weird because he’s only a junior—”
“I know that!  Micah’s only a step above useless!  He parties and sleeps around and everyone turns a blind eye because his father’s the Headmaster!  He doesn’t know the first thing about politics and his face is always buried in some stupid science fiction book.  Tell me, Roderick, what does science fiction have to do with running a private school?”
“I don’t know.”
“I wasn’t expecting an answer,” Archer said.  “I’ve been involved with student council for two years but do I get the benefit of the doubt with an outsider like Orion?  No, he’d rather make Devony happy by taking a recommendation from her.  Now I get to spend my senior year as the lowly treasurer.  I have to do all the hard work and get none of the credit.”
“It could be worse.”
“How?”
“Dammit, Archer.  I don’t know.  Maybe something will change—”
“Nothing can change now.  Elections are over and I’m seeing now how much I’m being screwed over by Capetown’s idiotic decision.  I doubt he’s even taking his role seriously.”
“I heard he’s doing an okay job.”
“I can think of several jobs he’s enjoying but they would all involve Devony.”
“Stop!” Roderick said.  “I don’t want to hear about it.  If you’re so miserable being his treasurer then quit.  Who cares, you know?  You’ve already been rejected—”
“So then I’ll have a rep as a quitter?  Give me a break, I’ll stick it out.  I wasn’t raised to give up when things get shitty.  Besides, with me serving under him, I’m pretty sure I’m at an advantage.  Orion trusts me – he doesn’t know how my mind works.  He thinks I’m perfectly okay being passed over for Micah but he has no idea I’m against him.  At the end of the day, I will serve my post well,” he said sarcastically while giving a mock salute.  “I care about the school and I care about my reputation, but let me tell you this, Roderick.  I’m not the friendly nice guy everyone thinks I am.”
Roderick lifted up his head, looking at his friend curiously.  “If Orion really believes you’re working for him then he’s stupider than he looks.  But what are we going to do about him dating Devony?  How am I supposed to land her for myself if she’s actually with him?”
“I have an idea.”
“Tell me, Archer.  Just thinking about the two of them together—”
“So let’s tell her dad,” Archer said, pulling out his keys.  “I think it’s our duty to let him know that his daughter is sneaking around with someone like him.”
“Could you really do that to Devony?  Wouldn’t she be upset?”
“She doesn’t need to know that it’s me,” he said.  “Let’s head over to his house now.”
“Wait, what?  You want to go over to his house and tell him?”
“Yes.”
“Face-to-face?”
“I’m certainly not going to tell him over the phone!  Let’s go before it’s too late.  I bet she’s with him right now.”
“You think?” Roderick asked, allowing himself to be pulled along.
“I know.  Let’s spoil his ignorant bliss.”

Chapter Two

Roderick and Archer were shown to the sitting room and left to wait for the mayor to arrive in his impressive home.  It was the home of a man who wanted the best and wanted everyone to know he could afford it.  He came from old family money, but the way he acted one would never know it.  The mayor was a man who often talked about how a man made his own luck and that hard work is the gateway to success, when in reality he had gone through most of his life barely breaking a sweat.  Roderick drug the bottom of his shoes over the carpet impatiently.
“Stop looking so fidgety,” Archer grumbled.  “We’re not the bad guys here.”
A few moments later Devony’s father Darren entered the room, looking immaculate as always.  His silver-streaked dark brown hair was smoothed past his ears and his collar clung to his thick neck.  His suit looked expensive and hugged his muscular frame in a way that let people know that while he was an important man, he still had time to keep his body in excellent shape.  For a man well over forty he could be pretty damn intimidating.
“What can I do for you gentlemen?” he asked, taking a seat on a plush couch across from the two young men.
“Is Devony here?” Archer asked.
“She’s…not home, at least I don’t think she is,” Darren said, looking at them closely with the same blue eyes as his daughter’s.
“Are your doors locked?”
Darren’s eyebrow shot upward.  “Archer, why would ask me such a thing?”
“I think someone took your daughter,” he said.
“Took my daughter?  What are you talking about?  She snuck off a little while ago, but she was just studying with Ellie.  I’m pretty sure she came back a half hour ago.”
“Has she been studying a lot this summer?”
“Why yes…she has, but what are you implying?  Is this one of your senior pranks?”
“I wish it was,” Archer said.
“Start talking.”
“I don’t like to be the bearer of this news.  I believe, at this very moment, your daughter’s alone with that exchange student.”
“Exchange student?” he repeated.  “Are you talking about Orion?  He’s not an exch—”
“Whatever you want to call him, sir.  He’s with Devony right now.”
“She wouldn’t dare sneak behind my back to be with him,” the mayor said, standing up and smoothing out invisible wrinkles in his suit.  “She knows that I don’t approve of her dating.  Are you being serious?  My daughter is with that black boy?”
“I’m afraid so, sir,” Roderick said.
“And who are you?”
“Roderick, sir.”
Darren took in the boy.  Overly styled sandy blond hair and blank blue eyes.  His voice was familiar and with this realization, Darren’s face grew colder.  “Are you the boy who’s been calling my house at all hours of the night trying to talk to my daughter?”
“Yes, sir.”
“How dare you show your face in my home!  You’ve caused me nothing but trouble with your incessant calls!  Do I have to put a restraining order on you?”
Roderick shook his head violently.  “No, sir.”
“Are you boys drunk?” 
“Of course not, sir,” Archer said smoothly.  “It’s a school night.”
“Are you high?”
“As a representative of the school, I find that insulting,” Archer said keeping his voice extremely formal and placing an arm in front of his friend.  “We came to tell you what we think a father deserves to know.”
“Nothing has been stolen from me, certainly not my daughter!  This is a gated community!  Do you think someone could just waltz in and take her away, especially some shifty looking boy?”
“You should calm down,” Roderick said.
“And you should shut your mouth!” Darren roared.
“We just wanted you to know,” Archer said.  “We’re sorry, but how can you feel comfortable knowing your daughter might be sneaking around with that guy?  I thought you valued family, and yet you don’t even know where your daughter is.”
“Leave my home at once,” Darren said.  “Are you trying to upset me?”
“I’m trying to tell that your daughter is sleeping around.”
“How dare you talk about my daughter like that!”
“How dare you claim to care about family when she’s out there with him,” Archer said, raising his voice.  “I should have told the press instead of coming to you.  Come on, Roderick, I think we made the wrong stop.”
As the two young men started to leave the room, Darren followed them.  “Now, now, there will be no need to inform the local media.  I will locate my daughter and prove that she’s fine.  You though…” he said, jutting a finger at Roderick, “…I want you to stop calling my house.”
“Yes, sir,” Roderick said.  “But is me calling the house so much worse than someone else taking your daughter from your own home and back to his apartment?  If this is the kind of father you are—”
“How dare you!” Darren roared as his face grew beet red.
“If this is the kind of father you are, then I apologize on behalf of myself and Archer.  We weren’t aware that you were so open-minded about your daughter’s extracurricular activities.  Whether you want to believe me or not, I think you know that I do care about your daughter and would never come here unless it was important.  I wouldn’t want to see Devony with a ruined reputation before she graduates.  She’s still so young and I fear she’s throwing her life and her reputation away to be with someone who probably doesn’t care who he gets to bring to his place as long as it’s a girl.  If you know what’s good for you, you’ll check her room.  If she’s there, you can file your restraining order and I won’t complain.”
“I’ll do just that!” Darren thundered, then shouted to the nearest maid.  “Find my daughter!  Check her room, but don’t let this one leave!” he said, pointing at Roderick.  Darren squared his shoulders, a surprisingly imposing sight, and exited the room leaving Archer and Roderick to sit there waiting.
“Do you think they’ll offer us a drink?” Archer asked, smiling.
Roderick turned to look at Archer, unable to hide the incredulousness on his face.  “How can you joke?  What if we’re wrong?”
“We’re not wrong, but I can’t stay.”
“What do you mean, you can’t?  You can’t just leave me here with him!  You heard what he said.  He’ll call the police if you’re wrong.”
“I’m not wrong,” he said again.  “I can’t be seen here working against Orion.  I need to make sure that I always have his trust and he wouldn’t trust me if he knew I was here.  Roderick, you have to stay here – but hopefully this will help things move along.  I hate him, Roderick.  You know that I hate Capetown.  I’ll see you later,” he said, leaving the room and brushing his shoulder against the servant as he went through the front door.  A minute later Roderick could hear his car speeding away just as Darren returned.
“She hasn’t come home yet,” he said.  “I’ve tried calling her phone but she won’t answer.  She actually sent me a text saying that studying was taking a bit longer than expected!  Would she actually lie to me?  And you’re saying she’s with that South African boy?”
“I did, sir.”
“To think she’s been lying to me all summer!  Studying!  Studying indeed!  Did she say anything to you?”
“No, sir.  Devony doesn’t talk to me very often.”
“How did she manage to pull this off?  How could she feel comfortable lying to me like this?”  He looked at his personal assistant.  “Let this be a lesson to all fathers out there, never trust your daughters!  They will lie to you and proclaim that you are the world to them while they run off and embarrass you!”
“Are you making a speech or something?” Roderick mumbled to himself.
“What the hell could that boy have done to trick my daughter?  Are you sure that’s where she went?”
“I would be willing to bet that he did, sir.”
“I’m going to call the Headmaster!  He’s the one who’s supposed to be looking after him.  This won’t stand!  Dammit, now you and your annoying phone calls aren’t so bad.  I’d rather hear about phone calls than this!  Do you know where they are?”
“I think so.”
“You two,” Darren said, pointing at two servants.  “You will come with me.  Call my driver and get the car ready.  I’m a respected man in this town and I will not be made a fool of by my own flesh and blood!  And you, Roderick.”
He swallowed nervously.  “Y-yes, sir?”
“If what you are claiming is found to be true, you will be rewarded handsomely.”
Roderick smiled.  Some extra money would be good to add to his trust fund since Archer was quickly cleaning him out.  He followed the small group of men to the black sedan and climbed in the back seat.  “Thank you, sir.”

Chapter Three

“How’d they find out?” Orion asked Archer as they watched Devony driving away from his apartment complex.  He was relieved that she had been able to get out of there before her father arrived, but it still pained him that she was running to hide their relationship.  It had been months!  He had thought that six months was more than enough time for Devony to tell her father but she was still running.  He shook his head.
“That fool Roderick told him.  He’s always had a thing for her.”
Orion’s expression darkened.  “Dev told me about him.  He calls her every day to ask her out.  Doesn’t he understand that he doesn’t have a chance?”
“I don’t think he cares so long as you two aren’t together.  You two…are together, aren’t you?”
“It’s hard for her to go public with our relationship.”
“Still?” Archer asked, feigning surprise.  “I’d think she’d be proud to be with you.  You’re the student body President, a star soccer player, not to mention a cross-country runner.”
“What’s the good of doing all of that when they can’t change the color of my skin?”
“Do you really believe that’s what this is about?”
“I…I want to say it’s not,” Orion said, though his words didn’t sound genuine.  “But what other reason could there be?  I’m not someone to be ashamed of.”
“Of course not.”
“And while I don’t like to brag about it, my family is well off—”
“In South Africa, Orion.  Things are a little different here, I’m sure.”
“We’re not doing so badly here either!  I’m as good for Dev as the next man but she still doesn’t want her father to know about me.  I swear, if I didn’t love her as much as I do, I might not put up with this.  It makes me feel like I’m something dirty that needs to be hidden.”  He squinted his eyes in the dark.  “Do you see that?”
Archer followed his gaze.  “See what?”
“There’s a car coming into the lot.”
“I’m sure other people live in this complex, Orion.  Don’t turn paranoid on me.”
“That’s not it.  I know that car,” he said.  “It’s Dev’s dad.  Damn, he must be here to see me.”
“You should go inside, then.  Pretend you’re not home.”
“No!  I’m tired of concealing this from him.  He knows me!  We’re friends!  I’m not a creepy stalker like that Roderick guy.  I deserve Dev and I’m not going to hide.  I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“Maybe the car looks similar…” he trailed off, “…but so does that one,” he said, pointing at a sporty coupe that had just parked nearby.  As he pointed, the door opened and a tall and somewhat lanky young man began walking towards them.  His dark chestnut bangs hung out from his hat and his sharp blue eyes looked confused as he looked over Orion and Archer.  “What’re you doing here, Micah?”
“My dear father the headmaster wants to see you,” he said, looking at Orion warily.
“Why would he send you?” Archer asked.  “Something wrong?”
“He just told me to go find Orion and I figured he’d be home…and here he is.”
“Why does he want to talk to me?  What’s going on?”
“Who knows with ‘Headmaster Castile’,” Micah said with distaste.  “It could be about school lunches, or he could just want to check in with you to see how school’s going.”
“I’m fine.  Everything’s fine.”
“We have company,” Archer said as the other car parked close to them.
“What’s the mayor doing here?” Micah asked.
“He finally found out that Orion’s plowing his daughter,” Archer said.
“W-what?  What are you talking about?”
“Orion?  Our boy standing right here?” Archer clarified.  “You know he’s dating Devony, don’t you?”
“Really?” Micah asked, feigning shock.  “Orion?”
“Don’t act like you don’t know, Micah.  Archer knows all about us now,” Orion said.
“Are we staying or leaving?” Archer asked, turning his attention to Orion.
“Let’s wait a moment.  I want to talk to Dev’s dad.”
“Are you sure?  We could get in the car and go, no problem,” Archer said.
“I’m not running.”
“You!” Darren roared, throwing the car door open and striding up to him.  “What have you done to my daughter?”
“I don’t know what you’re implying,” Orion said, staking a step back.
“Did you open your big mouth again?” Archer asked Roderick, giving him a shocked look.  “You didn’t tell him, did you?  I told you that was a secret!”
“Everyone calm down,” Orion said as Archer took a threatening step towards Roderick.  That spoiled rich kid was such a creeper and even looked the part with his overly-gelled sandy blonde hair.  Lowering his head slightly, he looked over at Darren, unable to hide his shame for keeping this secret from him.  “Please, sir, let’s talk about this like the reasonable adults we are.”
“Reasonable?  Adults?” Darren said, reaching out and grabbing him by the collar.  Orion didn’t struggle, allowing him to pull his face close.  “So says the boy who’s stolen my daughter and tricked her into sleeping with him?!  Look at you!  You could never be good enough for my daughter!  You just showed up in this country and I gave you everything.  Is this how you repay me?”
“My parents came to this country—”
“It’s obvious to everyone, Orion.  You must have lied to her, or bribed her with things you cannot afford.  Let me be clear, you are out of your league, son.”
“Sir, my parents are well off—”
“Shut your mouth!” he shouted, shaking his collar.  “I’m having you arrested.  I’m going to call the police.”
“Now wait a minute,” Orion said, struggling away from his grasp.  “There’s no need to overreact.  Let me explain.”
“A boy like you belongs in prison for trying to seduce my daughter!  She’s a child, not even eighteen!  What makes you think you have the right?”
“Don’t call the police,” Archer said.  “Let’s go talk to the Headmaster.  He’s the one taking care of him, right?  Let’s go see him and see what he says.”
“Vance?” Darren said before clearing his throat.  “I mean, Headmaster Castile?”
“Call the headmaster,” Orion gasped out.  “I’m actually on my way to see him.  If I’ve done anything truly wrong then he’ll expel me and I won’t be able to go anywhere near your daughter.”
“You’ll meet with the headmaster?” Darren asked, looking over at Micah.  “Is he telling the truth?  Did your father send you here to talk to him?”
“My dad – I mean the Headmaster – wants to see him,” Micah said.  “We can all go over right now.”
“We’ll do that,” Darren said, his eyes blazing.  “I won’t stand for this!  You’re trying to ruin my daughter while putting your family in debt, I’m sure.  Let’s go – we’ll follow you,” he said, walking to his car.  Pausing at the door, he turned to look at Roderick.  “It’s your lucky day.  You were right and this just may prove to work in your and my favor.  The headmaster and I are good friends, there’s no way he’ll approve of Orion sneaking around with Devony.”
“I’m sure the headmaster will sort this out,” Roderick said, smiling as the car roared to life.  He was already getting closer to everything he had ever wanted.  He wouldn’t be surprised if Devony were to show a new interest in him.  “Soon,” he whispered.

Chapter Four

“Is Micah back yet?” an affable-looking man in an expensive suit asked aloud.
“He said he knew where Orion was, and I’m sure that he’ll be back shortly, Headmaster,” the board member seated opposite him said.  “Are you sure that it’s appropriate to call him in tonight?”
“He’s the student body president.  He should have known that he was getting into this.  Globe Private Academy is one of the top schools in the state.  We need to keep on top of things.  Now, you said nearly a thousand people would be participating in the basketball tournament this year?”
“If not more, Headmaster.  We need to make sure that we can accommodate everyone.  With the weather already looking a bit more wintery than we were expecting, we hope we can keep the parking lot clean when everyone comes.”
“Yes, yes, I understand that.  The parking lot should be clear.  Now where is my damn son?  He went to Orion’s house a half hour ago!  What’s taking him so long?”
“I’m sure he won’t be much longer,” one of his advisors said.  He ran a hand through his short blond hair, giving away his frustration.  “You should have sent me to retrieve Orion.  We’ve got a lot of things to cover with this tournament coming up and we’re lucky to have such a dedicated president.”
“Not to mention a vice-president,” the headmaster said, clapping the blonde heavily on the shoulder.  “My boy is going to make a great president next year!  Wonderful for college applications, you know?”
“Yes, Headmaster,” the blonde said.
“So how many teams did you say would be participating in the tournament?”
“Around sixty, Headmaster.  We have more than enough parking spots for the cars and buses, so long as the lots remain clear.”
“I understand.  So we need volunteers to shovel the smaller lots.”
“Yes, Headmaster.”
The front door of the large house opened slowly, causing the headmaster to break out into a large smile.  “Ahh, so they’ve finally arrived,” he said, walking to the door.  “And what’s this?  Darren, what are you doing here?”  Before the mayor could respond, Orion and Micah stepped through the door and walked into the room.  Archer and Roderick slipped in behind them and hung back.  “Pardon me, Darren.  I called Orion here so we could go over some last-minute information about the tournament we’re holding at the school this year.”
“What did you need me for?” Orion asked.
“In addition to your other duties in helping me organize, I’ll need you to find some volunteers for keeping the parking lots cleared out this weekend.  You know the weather is calling for some snow and if the lots aren’t kept clear, we’re going to have quite a bit of trouble with parking.  Could you find some people?  Maybe offer some extra-credit from their teachers as an incentive?  Compensation of some sort that won’t suck us dry?”
“I’m sure I could, Headmaster,” Orion said.  For a rich, private school, the Headmaster could be stingy with funding.  Maybe that’s why they had so much money all the time.
“And you,” the headmaster said, turning his attention back towards Darren.  “I hope you’re not here because of the tournament.  This isn’t anything that the mayor of our town needs to worry about.  I’d like to think that I’ve got everything under control.”
“No.  I’m not here with regard to the basketball tournament.  I have a personal problem that I wanted to bring to your attention – something that, frankly, makes me sick to my stomach.”
“Are you ill?”
“I feel as if I should be for not knowing about the matter for so long.”
The headmaster offered Darren a seat, and gestured for someone to get him a drink.  Once the cold water was in his hands, the mayor took a sip and the redness in his face started to disappear.  The headmaster felt that it was safe to speak again.  “What is it?”
“It’s Devony.”
“Is she alright?” the headmaster asked, looking worried.  “Nothing’s happened to her, I hope?”
“She’s been sneaking out of my house to meet with an older student.”
“But she’s so young—”
“You think I don’t know that?” Darren snapped.  “She just got her license and already she’s using it to get into trouble.  The thought of it makes me nauseous.  She would have never done such an impetuous thing on her own, so I can only think that she’s being seduced by some smooth-talking—”
“Well, when we figure out who’s been playing your daughter like this, they will pay, Darren.  You and I have been close friends for many years and as headmaster I will make sure that there’s nothing ill going on within my school walls that could be prevented.”
Darren smiled, taking another sip from his water.  “Thank you so much, Vance,” he said, watching the boys stiffen as he used the headmaster’s first name.  “I knew I could count on your support.”
“Always.  Now tell me, who is this student who is being improper with your daughter?”
“He’s very close by,” Darren said, pointing a finger at Orion.  Several of the people gasped when he pointed at Orion, who looked shocked that he would accuse him so openly.  “It seems this meeting came at a perfect time.”
The headmaster was taken aback for only the slightest of moments before he turned to Orion, trying to remain neutral while still faithful to his longtime friend.  “Orion, is this true?”
“Of course it’s true!” Darren shouted as Orion searched for a response.
“Now, now,” the headmaster said, looking at Darren.  “Let the boy have a chance to speak.  I want to hear his side of the story.”
“I don’t want to hear the details.”
“Please calm down, Darren.  I’m here to listen, not point fingers.  Orion, is what my friend saying here true?”
Orion nodded, causing another gasp from others in the room.  “It’s…it is true, Headmaster.  I’ve been seeing Devony for a little over six months.”
“Six months?” Darren shouted.  “How could you?  You’ve been sneaking around for half a year?”
“And for that I’m sorry and I’m sorry for sneaking around and I’m sorry I didn’t take the chance to talk to you about this sooner.  But I am not sorry for loving your daughter.  It was wrong of me to keep the truth from you but that was how Devony wanted it to be.”
“Devony?  My Devony?  I doubt that my daughter would keep secrets from me unless you forced her to!  Did you put your hands on her?” Darren said, getting up from his chair.  “Tell me now!  Did you put your hands on her?”
“Never forcibly.”
“So you touched her intimately?” he said, his face beet-red.  “You make me sick!  You must have hurt her!  Threatened her to stay with you!  I refuse to believe that she wanted you!”
“Darren, please,” the headmaster said.  “Listen to the boy.”
“You know my daughter, Vance.  You know how she is!  Devony’s a good girl, a quiet girl, and never one to keep secrets.  Suddenly, this boy is trying to tell me that she’s keeping secrets and dating him behind my back?  When Orion would come to my house, Devony was too shy to even look at him!  She was afraid of him!  This is the devil’s work, I tell you Vance.  He must have hurt her or threatened her.  I refuse to believe that she could love him.”
The headmaster ran his thumb under his chin, looking at the two men.  “There…there isn’t proof, Darren.  Have you seen any marks on your daughter?  Anything to lead to you believe that Orion touched her?”
“Proof?  Look at him, Vance.  Just look at him!  He must have touched her!”
“Did you ever touch her out of violence?” the headmaster asked.
“You’re asking him?  He wouldn’t tell you the truth!”
“Darren, please.  Let him talk.”
Orion swallowed and looked up at his accuser.  “If you don’t want to take my word I’ll call Devony right now and ask her to come here.  She can explain things.  You can hear the words from her mouth if you don’t want to believe my own.  If Devony says I touched her, hurt her, or threatened her in any way, then I’ll call the police and have myself arrested.”
“Call her,” the headmaster said.
“Archer,” Orion said, texting on his phone.  “Do you mind picking her up?”
“Of course not,” Archer said, stepping forward.  “I’ll pick her up and bring her here – it’s only a few minutes away.”
“That won’t be necessary,” Darren said.  “I don’t want her to look at him while she makes her statement.  He’ll be able to threaten her with his eyes and my daughter won’t feel safe.  I want her to know that she’s safe.”
“So I’ll leave the room when she gets here,” Orion offered.  “Will that satisfy you?”
“That sounds acceptable,” the headmaster said, nodding at Archer.  “Bring the girl here.  In the meantime Orion, take a seat.  I’m very sorry about all that’s going on.”
“You’re sorry?” Darren said as Archer exited the house.  “How can you feel sorry for him with what he’s done to my child?”
“We have no proof of any actual wrongdoing, Darren.  Relax.”
Orion took a seat in a chair near the corner of the vast room and after a minute of silence he looked over at Darren.  “I never wronged your daughter, sir.  You were always very compassionate when I came to visit, so I have to say that I find these accusations painful to hear.  Since I’ve been here you’ve been nothing but kind and patient with me and my ignorance of this country.  You wanted to know about my past and how I was raised, the hardships my family went through to come to America.  I actually thought you were interested in learning more about me.”
“I was,” Darren said, shaking his head.  “But it’s different now that you’ve stabbed me in the back with what you’ve done to my daughter.”
“I keep telling you that I haven’t done anything.”  Orion glanced at the headmaster and noticed that he was paying close attention to his words, and therefore decided to keep speaking.  “When I went to your house, I would tell you all my stories and I saw that Devony was always listening.  She was usually in the next room, occasionally poking her head in to look, offer a drink, a snack, or anything else to have an excuse to be around.  After my junior year ended she actually approached me and asked me to tell her more about a story that she had only heard part of.  I was entranced by how captivated she was by my words.  If you only knew how much I hate the sound of my voice!  It’s too low, too sloppy and still too heavily ridden with an accent.  But still, she listened patiently as I stumbled through the words, asking questions and asking me to clarify things.  I was flattered.  Then after a few weeks…I took a chance.”
“You seduced her,” Darren muttered.
“No.”
“He asked her out,” Micah said.
“You knew about this?” Vance asked his son.
“I’m sorry, Dad.  I helped set them up.  Devony always seems so happy when he’s around.  I encouraged him to ask her.”
Orion nodded.  “And she said yes.  I was shocked but the girl said yes.”  He smiled at the memory as the sound of car doors shutting was heard outside.  “Here she is now, she’ll tell you everything.”

Chapter Five

As Devony and Archer entered the room, all eyes were on them.  She could see that her father was upset and, for the life of her, she hoped that the clear liquid in his glass was only water.  The headmaster stood close to Orion who smiled as their eyes met.
“A life like yours retold, Orion, would win over the most cynical of us,” the Headmaster said, resting a hand on his shoulder.  “Thank you for sharing your side of the story.”
“We don’t know if he’s telling the truth,” Darren said.  “Let my daughter speak.  If she insists that Orion never hurt her, never touched her, then I suppose there’s nothing I can do.  Devony, did this boy ever hurt you?  Threaten you?  You can be honest.  Don’t look in his direction if you’re afraid.  I will never let him hurt you again.”
Devony’s blue eyes widened.  “Dad, he never hurt me.”
“He never threatened you?”
“No.”
“He’s treated you well?  With respect?”
“Yes.  Orion’s always been respectful.”
“So why didn’t you tell me any of this?  Why were you sneaking around with him?”  He glared at Orion.  “I’m sure you had something to do with this.”
“Dad, I asked Orion to sneak around.  I’m so sorry but I didn’t think you would approve of us dating.  Orion always wanted to tell you.  He didn’t like keeping secrets, so don’t blame him for being quiet.  It was me,” she said, lowering her head.  “I’m sorry I lied to you and I’m sorry I’ve been sneaking around but it was always my choice, not Orion’s.  Don’t blame him.”
Darren narrowed his eyes.  “I see,” he said, clearing his throat and looking over at everyone in the room.  There was a sense of relief in the air.  His daughter was the sneak, not Orion.  The young man still got to maintain his good reputation and it frustrated Devony’s father.  “It appears that I was wrong in my accusations.  I am not a man who will run away from his mistakes but rather seek to make them right.  Orion, I apologize.  I don’t want my daughter sneaking around anymore, so I approve of the two of you dating.  But you,” he said, looking at the Headmaster, “I don’t want my child in his apartment unattended after dark, do you understand?  He’s your charge so you will make sure of this.”
“I’ll keep a closer eye on him,” the Headmaster said.  “I do apologize that things had to be revealed like this.”
“Yes, well, I’m upset to find out that my daughter’s a liar and a sneak.  And you, Orion, you’re no better for agreeing with her.  A truly honest man wouldn’t have felt right keeping secrets from a girl’s father.  I hope you realize how badly that makes you look when you’re proclaiming that your intentions with my daughter are so honorable.”
“I do, sir,” Orion said, lowering his head also.  “Still, I humbly thank you for your approval.”
Darren snorted, setting his water glass down heavily on the nearest flat surface.  “I think I’ll leave you to your business,” he said, standing up and giving no sign that he was actually leaving.  “I can see that you people have many things to discuss with the basketball tournament coming up.  Please return to whatever it was you were discussing before I interrupted.”
“It’s quite alright, Darren.  I’m sure we can all understand your concern about such matters when it comes to a child.  Now, Orion, do you think you’ll be able to find some students who wouldn’t mind the task I mentioned earlier?  You’re also going to have to talk to a few teachers, perhaps target students who are struggling with their grades.  Would you be able to do that?  I know you’re going to be quite busy, but this is something I must ask of you if this tournament is going to run smoothly.”
“I knew when I ran for president that I wouldn’t spend my senior year sitting around waiting for college acceptance letters,” Orion said.  “I just need permission for Devony to help out the next few days.  She was so helpful when I was running for president, I think I’m going to need her help again.”
“That’s up to her father,” the Headmaster said to the mayor, who was looking at his daughter with a serious expression.
“As long as it’s during the daylight and at school.”
“Dad—”
“You are not allowed into this boy’s apartment as night, Devony.  School projects or not.”
“Please sir, you can have the Headmaster come visit at any time, and it wouldn’t be any later than nine on a school night, eleven on the weekends.”
“You would have her back before midnight?” Darren asked.  “Surely that’s too early for a boy like you?”
“Sir,” Orion said, standing up.
“No, Orion,” Devony said.  “I’ll take care of this.  Dad, please understand that I’m not ashamed for loving him.  I know you have a hard time understanding this but I want to help Orion with his role as student body president because I was the one who insisted he run in the first place.  We’re a team now.  A great team, in fact, and I want to help him when I can.  If he needs help getting the tournament set up, then I want to be right there with him.  I’ll help him dad, and I’ll be home early.”
“Please, sir,” Orion said, resting a hand on Devony’s shoulder.  “You have to understand that this isn’t a lustful relationship.  I want Devony by my side because I love her.  I love her for her mind, her beauty, her words, and her soul.”
“How profound.  Nothing else?” Darren scoffed.
“It’s not about that,” he said honestly.
“It’s always about that for young men your age.”
“That’s not true for me, sir.  My parents taught me to wait until marriage.”
“Wait until marriage…for what?” Darren asked before his blue eyes started to bulge out.  “Are you talking about sex?  With my daughter?!” he sputtered in a strange mix of anger and relief.
“Dad!” Devony blurted out.  “Stop, please.”
“No, it’s fine,” Orion said, drawing himself up.  “Sir, that’s what I’ve been taught and I hope you’ll believe me when I say it.  My parents would be ashamed of me for even thinking about sex until after I’m married.  Right now I need to focus on what’s best for the school and my future and I want Devony by my side while I do so.  That’s it.”
“I hate to interrupt, but can we please not have a conversation about students and sex in my house?” the Headmaster broke in.  “If Darren has no further objections, then I see no reason that I should intervene with this.  I want the tournament to go well and if Devony’s playing some sort of muse to Orion, then so be it.  As long as they follow an appropriate curfew.”
“We’d have to start talking to teachers and students tomorrow,” Micah spoke up.
“Of course,” Orion said.  “I’ll start with the math and science departments.”
“English, too,” Micah said.
“Orion, Micah, I expect you to be in my office tomorrow morning at nine with some news.  Bring the proper paperwork and, Archer, please make sure you’re keeping track of the finances.”
“Yes, sir,” Archer said.
“Can I go in early too?” Devony asked her father.
“You can go to school early,” Darren said.  “But no car for a week.  You’ll have to find a ride.”
“But dad—”
“I don’t mind taking her, sir,” Archer said.
“Are you sure?”
“Archer’s nothing if not trustworthy,” Orion said, smiling at him.  “He can drive her to and from school until you feel comfortable enough with either me driving her or letting her drive herself.  It will be nice to have her around while we’re getting ready.”
“That sounds like an excellent plan, and a good point on which to end the evening.  Now, good night everyone,” the Headmaster said, motioning for his advisor to open the door.  “And Darren?”
“Vance?”
“I don’t believe you need to worry so much about Orion.  I think you’ll come to see that in good time.  I know I have.”
“Good night,” Micah said, following Devony, Archer and Orion towards the front door.
“Watch yourself,” Darren warned Orion in a low voice.  “Devony lied to me so it’s only a matter of time before she starts lying to you.”
“That is the least of my worries,” Orion said, trying not to laugh.  “Archer, I’ll see you the morning.  You too, Dev,” he said, leaning down and kissing her cheek.  “It’s going to be pretty hectic these next few days so I hope we can pull this all off, especially with the weather about to turn nasty.”
“I’m sure it’ll all work out,” Devony said, walking towards her father’s sedan.  “I’m not worried, so long as we can plan this together.”
Orion smiled.  “You really are my muse.”

Chapter Six

Fifteen minutes later, all the cars but two had left and the lights dimmed in Headmaster Castile’s home.  Upon seeing this, Roderick silently left his convertible and walked quietly to the other car parked in the street.  He opened the passenger door without looking over and sat heavily in the seat, staring straight ahead.  “Archer.”
“What?”
“What happens now?”
“What happens now, good friend, is that you go home and get some sleep.”
“I’m going to take a very long sleep and maybe never wake up.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“All this waiting around is killing me, so why not kill myself?”
“Could you be a little more dramatic?  Don’t you see the progress we made tonight?”
“I can’t.  Devony’s dad gave his damn blessing to the two of them being together!  How could I have ever thought that I had a chance with her?  She didn’t even look at me when she came into the room and saw me sitting there!  Why do I have to love her so much?”
“Because you’re a man and men are always full of lust.”
“It’s not lust, Archer.  I really care about her.”
“I’m sure you do,” Archer said, rolling his eyes.  “So I guess that means Orion truly cares for her as well.  Did you hear that speech about no sex until he’s married?  What a load of crap!  Those people don’t have the restraint to wait until marriage!  It’s all a lie, I’m sure.  A dirty lie coming from Capetown, as usual.  It’s lust, Roderick.  What you feel for her, what Capetown feels, and what every man out there feels for any man or woman!  I’ll bet our good mayor is satisfying his right now.  The Headmaster too.”
“I think Orion’s telling the truth.  He seemed sincere—”
“Those people are never sincere,” Archer growled.  “Now stop all of this crap, you’re beginning to piss me off.  You’re talking about killing yourself when the plan has just gone into effect.”
“What plan?  I don’t see how any of this is helping me get Devony.”
“Shut up and listen,” Archer said, pulling him close.  “Just because Capetown and Devony are together now doesn’t mean they will date forever, does it?  A man who won’t have sex until he’s married?  Please.  Devony will get bored quickly.  She may not think she has the urges now, but believe me, she’ll want a real man soon enough.  Remember the money Darren gave you?  Put it away.  Save it for when that day comes so you can shower Devony with the gifts and a life she deserves.”
“Orion says that his parents are well-off.”
“According to South African standards.”
“But they’re always traveling somewhere.”
“It’s…dammit, Roderick!  I’m sure he’s lying either way.  Just make sure you have your money ready.  You’ll have Devony between your sheets before you realize what’s even happening so continue to be patient.  And for the love of God, don’t talk about killing yourself!  Do you want someone to put you on suicide watch?”
“Well no, but—”
“So you have to trust me.  Tomorrow during lunch break put your cash in the account that I set up.  Listen, Roderick and make sure you’re using your ears this time.  I hate Capetown, I hate him more than words can say and I’m just as dedicated to destroying him as I am to finding you happy with Devony.  We can work together.”
“Are you going to be at school tomorrow morning before classes?”
“You know that I have to pick up your future girlfriend.”
“I’ll be at the school early too.”
“Oh, don’t bother.  You won’t do anything to help.  Just go home.  And one more thing—”
“What?”
“I’m serious, man.  Stop talking about killing yourself.  I can’t hook you up with Devony if you’re in the loony bin.”
“I’ll stop.”
“Good.  Make sure you put that money in the account.”
“Okay,” he said, starting to smile.  “Thank you, Archer.  You’ve been a good friend.”
“Just go!” Archer said, shoving him playfully towards the door and starting the engine.  “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow, then,” Roderick said, stepping out of the car and quietly closing the door.  A moment later Archer pulled away from the curb and disappeared down the street.
Smiling, Archer looked at himself in the mirror.  Did being rich automatically make you stupid?  It would be more fun to scam these brats from their money if only it were a bit more challenging.
“I hate him so much,” Archer growled as he slowed down to wave at the guard of the gated community.  “All that bullshit about saving himself for marriage!  What a bunch of lies!  How does he explain the rumors about him sleeping with Ellie?”  He pounded heavily on the dashboard.  “I know he did!  If I ever get my hands on any proof that he and Ellie – grrr, just thinking about it makes me so pissed I can barely control my anger,” he said, swerving violently into the opposing lane.
“It’s all working out.  Orion trusts me and Micah’s girly features will certainly help with my plan.  How can I hurt Micah and Orion at the same time?”  After a moment an idea came to him.  Pulling his car into a parking lot, he quickly texted Roderick while the idea was still fresh.

~ M may be getting too close to O’s girlfriend.
M’s a player so O won’t be surprised
O wants to trust others.
He’ll believe me.
Call me when you get home.
~A~

He veered back onto the main road with a smile on his face.  Yes, this could work.  With a little luck, this could definitely work.

Act Two

Chapter One

The tallest of a group of boys on the top deck of the parking garage glanced up at the sky that Thursday evening, unhappy with how the clouds were rolling in.  “A storm’s brewing.  I can feel it.”
“It’s going to be a mess,” one of the student volunteers said.  He slung the shovel over his shoulders, looking around.  “I can’t believe I’m actually here.  Mason, tell me – do I really need extra credit that badly?”
“You do, Frank,” Mason said.  “Orion and the teachers looked over our grades and you are seriously sucking in English.  Sam’s doing even worse in math.  You should be happy because this isn’t that hard.  They’ve already scaled back the storm.”
Sam’s frown pulled lower.  “I wanted to see my girlfriend this weekend.  She’s playing in the tournament and I’m shoveling snow like a bum.  My father even offered to call the school to see if this was the best way to earn extra credit.”
“Why would they care?”
“My parents find this whole thing embarrassing,” Sam said.  “My dad’s worried I’ll run into a few of his friends and then I’ll have to explain what I’m doing.”
“I’m sure we can find a way for you to sneak over and see her games, Sam,” Mason said, counting the number of parking spaces available in the upper-level deck.  Noticing that Tad was still on the upper-level, he called over to him, surprised to see his friend’s normally taciturn face contorted into something very strange.  Was he…smiling?  “What are you looking at your phone like that for, Tad?  Something going on?”
“There sure is!” Tad said, shutting the phone.  “I just checked the weather!  The storm isn’t going to be as bad as they thought!  We’re going to get a few inches but that’s all.  It’s going to be a pretty easy weekend for us.”
“Are you serious?” Mason asked, joining him on the upper-level.  “They’re scaling it back that much?”
“Yep,” Tad said, opening his phone back up again and showing them a picture of the Doppler.  “You see that?  Most of the heavy crap’s going south of us.  We should be in good shape.  I’ll have to thank Orion for setting this up.  Now I can still get extra credit in chemistry and not have to break my back doing it.”
“What a relief,” Mason said, laughing a bit.  “Can’t have you working hard to earn a good grade.”
“I also just got a text from Micah,” Tad said, eyes still glued to his phone.  “He and Orion are going to be checking in on us at different times.  Apparently the headmaster was serious about keeping a close eye on him.”
“Damn.  I hope Orion can handle it.  He and Devony make an alright couple and I know how much he cares about the school.  Look,” he said pointing around the lot.  “There’s already people arriving early and getting ready to set up for the tournament even though it doesn’t start until tomorrow night.”
A familiar car pulled into the lot, and Mason and the rest of the group watching as it parked close to them.  Micah got out from the car with a grin on his face.  “I guess you guys saw the weather report?”
“Hell yeah,” Tad said, grinning ear-to-ear.  He looked at Sam and Frank.  “Is it true about Orion, though?  Is the headmaster really keeping such a tight leash on him?”
“Yes, but I don’t think you need to worry.  So long as Devony’s father approves of them dating according to his rules, there’s really nothing that can keep them apart.”
“Who else is coming over tonight to make sure we’re not slacking off?” Mason asked.
“Orion probably can’t come tonight, after all.  He has paperwork to finish up with the Headmaster.”
“And Devony?”
“She’s with Archer,” Micah explained.  “He’s become her valet since this whole mess with Devony’s father.  He takes her to and from school and makes sure she’s not spending too much time with Orion.”
“That must be hell,” Frank said.
“I’m sure he doesn’t mind,” Micah said.  “You know how Archer is.  The guy likes order above all else and he can get that order so long as he’s in control.”
“So Orion and Devony are really together, huh?” Frank asked.
“Yeah, and I still can’t believe they were able to keep it a secret from her father for so long.  Orion’s lucky to have her.  I would love to find a girl like that.”
“You’ve certainly had your fair share,” Mason joked.
“Yes, I know,” Micah said, looking sheepish.  “Maybe more than my fair share.”
“I hear that!” Tad said, clapping him on the shoulder.  “It’s rare to find a girl in this school who isn’t interested in you.”
“Or who’s already had you!” Mason said.
“Hey!  No women have had me!  I’ve had them!  Get the facts straight!”
“Another car’s coming,” Sam said, pointing ahead.  “Is it Archer’s?”
“Looks like it,” Micah said, squinting as the sun was beginning to set behind the tree.  “He must be here to check up on things.  I wonder if he’s seen the weather report.”
“Is Devony with him?” Sam asked excitedly.
“I’m sure she is.  God, I still can’t believe she’s dating Orion,” Micah said, rubbing the back of his neck as Archer’s car pulled up.  “Still though, he must have the willpower of a god to feel comfortable with some other guy constantly driving her around and spending so much time alone with her.  I don’t know if I would be able to stand it.”
“Would you actually get jealous?” Frank asked.
“I’d like to say, no, but I don’t think I could do what Orion’s doing.”
“And what’s he doing?” Archer asked, stepping out from his car with Devony and his girlfriend Ellie following suit a moment later.
“Allowing this,” Micah said, nodding at Devony.  “You look nice, Dev,” he said, blushing a bit as she smiled at him.
“Thanks,” she said, smoothing out her auburn hair in its low ponytail.  “Is Orion here?”
“I’m afraid not,” Micah said.  “My dad has him helping out with a lot of paperwork.  I’m sure that if he’s able to come later, he will.”
“Damn,” Devony said, pouting.  “I really wanted to see him tonight.  Why didn’t he just come with you?”
“My dad.  You know how he is.”
“I know he’s talking with my father every evening to check up on me,” Devony said as she rolled her blue eyes.  “This is so out of hand.  What exactly do they think is going to happen?”
“I have a few ideas,” Archer said in a low voice, pulling Ellie possessively towards him.
“Shut up, Archer,” Ellie muttered.
“You guys,” Micah said, pointing at Frank and Sam.  “Do you guys mind checking out the other lots to make sure they’re ready?”  With a nod, the two underclassmen left.  “Ellie,” he went on, walking closer to her.  “You’re also looking delicious this evening,” he said.  As he leaned in to give her a kiss on the cheek, he saw Archer’s arm stiffen.  “Oh calm down,” he said to him.  “I’m not looking to steal your girlfriend.”
“If you want to, go ahead,” Archer said.  “She’ll kiss anything.”
“Oh come on, Archer, that’s not true,” Devony said.
“Trust me it is.  She’d even kiss you, if you’d have her.”
“Don’t talk about me like that,” Ellie said.
“Knock it off and stop pretending to be innocent, Ellie.  I know how you are.  I see the way you look at everyone.  I know you wish you had morals, but you’re not fooling anyone.  I think the reason you like me so much is because I don’t fall for your little games.”
“That’s not true,” Ellie said, flushing.
“Then break up with me!  Please, I beg you,” Archer said, shoving her away.  “If you don’t like the way I’m talking, then do something about it.  Kiss Micah again if you want to kiss everyone so bad!  Kiss some underclassman if you want!  Kiss Devony for all I care!”
“Knock it off!  You’re embarrassing me, Archer,” Ellie said, clutching at him and hiding her face his chest.
Archer looked thrilled.  “Do you see what I mean?  She loves it.”
“Don’t you have any shame?” Devony asked.
“I don’t,” Archer said, hugging Ellie closer.  “But I always give her a chance to leave me.  When she really gets sick of it, she’s free to leave.”
“I can’t stand you,” Ellie said into his chest.
“And I can’t stand you either,” Archer said, kissing the top of her head.
“What about me?” Devony asked, putting her hands on her hips.
“What about you?”
“Would you treat me that way if we were dating?”
“I don’t have the patience to consider dating you in the first place,” Archer said.  “Girls like you aren’t worth the stress.”
“The stress?  I’ll have you know I’m pretty laid back.”
“So laid back that you’re dating a man your father doesn’t approve of, forcing me to drive you around everywhere?  Really low-maintenance.”
Devony’s freckled cheeks turned pink.  “That…that doesn’t make me high-maintenance.  My father—”
“Your father is only part of your baggage,” Archer said simply.  “However, if I was forced to date a woman like you, at least I could tolerate the sight of you.  You’re not exactly painful to look at.”
“That’s hardly a compliment!”
“I’m sorry?  I don’t remember saying that I was going to compliment you.  Besides, even ugly women find men who will tolerate them – look at Ellie.”
“Archer, stop!” Devony shouted.  “Now you’re just being mean.”
“What about women who’re ugly and stupid?” Ellie asked, ignoring Devony.  She was used to this treatment, but she also knew how kind Archer could be to her when no one else was around.  One of these days he’d grow up and treat her well all the time.
“Ugly and stupid?  Send them Micah’s way,” Archer laughed.
“Shut the hell up,” Micah grumbled.
“Yeah, that’s too much,” Devony said.
“Yeah, besides…ugly or not, smart or not, all women are the same.  It’s just that pretty women are a little easier to deal with when they’re being manipulative.”
“I bet Ellie’s never been manipulative.  Why don’t you try saying something nice to her?”
“What’s in it for me?  Why should I say something nice to her?”
“Because it’s the right thing to do?”
“You mean the boring thing to do.  Ellie would get sick of me after a few days if all I did was give her compliments.  Wouldn’t you, Ellie?  You like me just the way I am.”
“You’re fine,” Ellie muttered with red cheeks.
“What about saying something nice about women in general?” Micah tried.  “Do you think you’d be able to handle that?”
“Hmm…well I suppose attractive women get away with the most because they’re pleasant to look at.  Ugly women have it harder because most men don’t have the patience to deal with something they find unattractive.  Smart women think they can win over men because they’re smart, but some are smart enough to realize that without beauty, smarts is a waste of time.  The one good thing about ugly and stupid women?  They work harder than the rest to satisfy.”
“S-satisfy what?” Devony asked.
“I think you mean who,” Archer said.
“That’s disgusting, Archer!  I thought you were going to say something nice about women.”
“I thought I did!”
“Ellie, I don’t know how you put up with him.  Micah, how do you even tolerate him when he talks like that?”  Reaching forward, Micah took Devony’s arm, pulling her close to him so he could whisper something to her.  She erupted into high-pitched laughter.
“Why are you smiling like that?” Ellie asked Archer.
“Look at the two of them,” he said.  “They look like they’re the ones who are dating.  They really look good together, don’t they?”
“Knock it off, Archer,” Ellie said.
“Micah lights up when he talks to her.  Even Devony can’t stop blushing from the closeness!”
“Devony’s with Orion.  They’re just talking.”
“Look how he’s leaning into her.  I wouldn’t be surprised if he had a crush on her.  Micah—”
“Micah isn’t like that.  Not with Devony.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if—”
“Archer, stop it!” Ellie hissed, breaking up the laughter between Micah and Devony.
“Like you know anything,” Archer growled.  “Well look who’s coming up the street!” he said loudly, causing Devony and Micah to pull apart suddenly.  Archer relished in the blush on the girl’s face.  Guilty as always.  She couldn’t help herself.  “You’re welcome,” he said to the two of them.
“F-for what?” Devony asked, her face still pink.
“Perhaps I should say thank you?”
“Ignore him,” Micah said.  “Come on, Devony, let’s go see el presidente.”  He pulled her arm to lead her towards Orion’s car but she still looked confused about Archer’s strange statements.
“Be careful,” Archer said under his breath as Micah led the girl away.  “Flirting with her will only get you in trouble.”
“He’s not flirting,” Ellie said.
“We’ll see, won’t we?  We’ll see about that.”

Chapter Two

“There’s my girl!” Orion exclaimed, getting out of the car and sweeping Devony up in his arms.  He gave her a twirl before setting her down.
“You’d think it’s been months!” Devony said, smiling up at him.  “I just saw you this afternoon!”
“I’m always glad to see you.  I don’t think I’ll ever get tired of seeing your beautiful face.”
“I’m happy to see you, too.  I didn’t think you’d have time to come see me tonight.”
“I’ll always find time to see you,” Orion said, wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing her.
“You’re happy now, but happiness is fleeting,” Archer said seriously as he and Ellie joined the group at Orion’s car.
“Stop being a grump,” Orion said.  “Who wants to come over to my place?”
“Is there enough room?” Micah asked.  “Maybe we should all go over to my dad’s place instead.  We can hang out in the pool house.”
“Pool house, guest house.  It’s like a resort,” Orion laughed.
“It’s my dad’s house but it’s my grandmother’s money,” Micah said defensively.
“I suppose that would be better.  I just saw the weather reports and they’re saying this weekend isn’t going to be the mess I was worried about.  Can you believe it?  It’s only supposed to skim us!  The tournament should go off without any problems.  But listen to me!  I’m babbling non-stop and I bet most of you can’t even understand what I’m saying!  Come on, Dev.  Let’s head over to Micah’s,” he said, pulling her to his car.
“Can you take Ellie?” Archer asked.  “I mean, I’ve been chauffeuring your girlfriend around the clock.  Would you do the same for me?”
“No problem,” Orion said with a broad smile.  Once Ellie was in the back of his car, he pulled away with Micah following him closely.  The volunteers dropped their shovels in a pile and ran to their cars, barely able to believe their luck.  Within a minute there was only one person left standing in the lot.
“At last, some peace,” Archer grumbled and pulled out his phone.
“Hello?” a tired voice greeted him on the other end.
“Roderick.  Dammit, were you sleeping?”
“Just resting my eyes.  What’s going on?”
“You have competition,” Archer said.
“Competition?  For what?”
“Devony.”
“Oh stop that, I already know.  Do you have to point it out?”
“I mean with someone else.”
“Who?”
“Micah.”
“Micah?  Micah doesn’t like Devony!  They’re friends.”
Archer’s brow furrowed but he didn’t lose his cool.  “You know how Capetown and Devony got together in the first place, don’t you?”
“Something about stories that he told her?”
Archer frowned.  Close enough.  “Well I think you’ll also remember that I told you she would get sick of his stupid stories and the fact that he’s not man enough for her.  Orion may treat her well but she’s aware he’s graduating soon and her father doesn’t approve.  She wants someone who her dad likes and maybe someone a bit closer to her age.  I can tell that she’s already looking to get in her father’s good graces again.  Now who would be a better match for her than the Headmaster’s son?  He’s attractive and has tons of experience.  He speaks as kindly as Orion does to Devony but he also knows how to touch a woman.  Devony’s already looking his way.”
“I don’t believe you.  The whole reason I like Devony in the first place is because she has standards.  She’d never cheat on Orion.”
“You don’t know what kind of woman she is!  She’s the same tits and ass as every other woman in the world!  If she had such great standards, then why is she dating Capetown in the first place?”
“I…I don’t have an answer for that.”
“Of course you don’t.  Now listen to me, Roderick.  I saw them with my own two eyes.  Before Capetown showed up tonight, Micah was holding her hand and whispering in her ear.  I don’t know how much further they would have gone if not for Orion’s car showing up.”
“I’m sure they were just joking around.”
“He wants her.  I could tell just by the way they looked.  They’re alike, Roderick.  If I could see it from a distance, she had to have felt the tension between them.  I’m not lying to you.  I’m telling you this for your own good.  You have to make Micah look bad, otherwise she’s going to choose him over you.”
“What the hell am I supposed to do?”
“Piss him off, embarrass him or something.  Am I asking too much?”
“I think I can do that.”
“Micah puts on a sweet show for Devony, but he’s hot-headed, especially when he drinks.  I think he’d start a fight with you if you upset him enough.  Let me get things started.  I’ll get him drunk and rile him up and that’s when you’ll step in.  Once Micah’s out of the way, you can start trying to talk to Devony again.”
“I said I’ll do it, but you need to help me.”
“And you know that I will, Roderick.  I’ve always been there for you.  Now, stop by Micah’s father’s place and I’ll meet you out front, okay?”
“Alright.”
“I’ll talk you later.”
Archer hung up the phone before Roderick had a chance to respond.  Smiling, he opened the door of his car and sat down, letting the hot blast from the heater hit him in the face.  It wasn’t as though he was actually lying.  He did think that Micah gave Devony too much attention and it wouldn’t surprise him if Devony was flattered by it.
“Orion’s not any better,” he muttered to himself as he drove out of the lot.  “I know he’s lying about not having sex before marriage.  I know he slept with Ellie and though she’s an annoyance she’s still mine and I don’t like people touching what belongs to me.”  He pulled out his phone, not bothering to pull over this time.  Who cared about those stupid laws?  He had to tell Roderick something else before he forgot.

~ Going to make O suspicious of D.
I’ll spread rumors about M to O and he’ll believe me.
M will sleep with anything.  See you 2nite.
~A~

He grinned, shutting his phone and turning into Micah’s gated community.  “Capetown may even thank me for this,” he said, rolling the window down to talk to the guard.  “If I can earn Orion’s trust, then the plan will work itself out.”

Chapter Three

“Thank goodness your parents finally fell asleep,” Orion said.  “Still, let’s keep the volume down.  We have school tomorrow.”
“Archer’s keeping watch.”
“In that case…I guess it’s alright.  I like Archer, he’s grown on me.”
“He’s…different, that’s for sure,” Micah said carefully.
“I think I’m going to take a nap and then try to drive home.  Dev, do you want to lay down with me?”
“Sure,” Devony said, giving Ellie a hug.  “I’ll see you guys later tonight.”
“Are you going to spend the night?  Your dad might be okay with it if it’s here,” Micah offered.
“I haven’t decided,” she said, looking up at Orion.  “I’ll make my decision after you have, Orion.”
“That’s my girl,” Orion said, kissing her and sweeping her off her feet.  “Everyone stay out of the guest bedroom.”
“Did you hear what he said?” Micah asked when Archer came up to stand next to him.
“How adorable.  Consummating their marriage?” he chuckled.
“You know that Orion’s abstinent until marriage.  That’s not funny.”
“It’s a joke, Micah, relax.  I just find it funny that the two of them are lying down to relax and it’s not even ten!  They’re already acting like an old, married couple.”
“They don’t get a lot of time to spend together anymore.  I think it’s okay.”
“She’s a hottie, isn’t she?” Archer asked.
“She is.”
“She’s really grown up over the summer.”
“Yeah.”
“I mean physically.”
“I know what you meant.”
“I bet they’re not even sleeping in there.”
“I’m sure they are,” Micah said.
“Maybe we should go take a look and see what they’re up to.”
“Just leave them alone.”
“I bet Devony wouldn’t mind if you came to take a nap with them.  I bet you wouldn’t mind that either!”
Micah frowned.  “Devony would mind that.  She’s not that kind of girl.  She wanted some privacy with her boyfriend, who she hardly gets to see, without people staring.  I don’t blame her.”
“So you’re saying that there’s no way they’re sleeping.”
“I didn’t say that.  I just told you, Devony loves him and Orion’s respectful.”
“Respectful,” Archer scoffed, still keeping things light.  “I bet what they’re doing in there has little to do with being respectful.  If they’re not going to spend time with us, then we should at least drink to their happiness.”
“Archer, you know that I can’t do that.  It’s a school night.”
“Don’t tell me you’re turning into a boring, responsible adult already?”
“Drop it.  I’m not getting drunk tonight.”
“So why invite people over?  What kind of host are you?”
“A sober one.”
“One beer never hurt anyone.  Even two beers would be perfectly fine.”
“I already had a beer and it was a strong one because you know my dad never keeps the cheap stuff around.  Plus I had some shots with Mason and Tad.  If I drink any more it’s going to show.  Only pop from here.  I’m not a good drinker.”  He took a large swallow from his glass of cola.
“You’re a lightweight.”
“Exactly, so you know why I shouldn’t drink any more than I already have.”
“What the hell are you talking about?  Why drink if you’re not going to get drunk?  This is your own house!  It’s not like you have to drive!  Come on!  Go join our friends and let Orion and Devony have some peace.”
“Where’s everyone else?”
“They’re all hanging out by the fire pit near the woods.”
“So that’s what all the noise is?” Micah asked, allowing Archer to point him towards the fire.  “I was wondering where they’d gone.”
“Stop being a lame ass,” Archer said, giving him a shove forward.  “Go now.  Enjoy yourself!  You know that I’m keeping an eye out here.  If the noise bothers you so much then go down there and tell them to settle down.”
“Fine,” Micah said, walking a bit unsteadily across the lawn towards the firepit.
Archer watched him until he reached the fire and a drunken cheer welcomed him.  After another minute he pulled out his phone and called Roderick.  “Are you here yet?”
“I’m out front,” Roderick said.  “How’s everything going?”
“He’s well on his way to getting drunk.  He’s had some beer and some shots and I’ve been spiking his pop since he can’t tell the difference.  Micah’s a total lightweight.  He’ll be drunk by the time you get back here.  I even sent him to the back of his dad’s property to the rest of the guys who are more than a bit lit.  Don’t waste any time.”
“I’m on my way,” Roderick said, hanging up the phone.
Archer went to join the rest of the party at the end of the lawn and watched them joking and swaying around the fire pit as music played.
“Archer!  They’ve been making me drink more!” Micah cried helplessly.
“It wasn’t that much,” Mason said.  “No more than any man could handle.”
“Then give him more beer!” Archer cried, doing his best to pretend that he was just as drunk as the rest.  He broke out into song, trying his best to match the lyrics but doing a poor job at doing so.
“I love this song,” Micah said with a sleepy smile.
“Same here,” Archer said, wrapping an arm around his shoulder.  “You all must be deaf from drinking if you can still enjoy it with my voice!”
“I’m not that drunk.”
“Ahh, but I am Micah, and I hope to get you at the same level as me.”
“Let’s drink to Dev and Orion!”
“Yes!  To Dev and Orion!” Mason cried out.  “Sing for us again, Archer!”
“Crazy bastards!” Archer laughed, starting to sing again.
“Your voice isn’t that bad,” Micah said, smiling.
“So then I should I sing some more?”
“Yes…I mean no!  No, we shouldn’t be doing this!  We’re so loud!  My dad’s going to wake up or someone’s going to call the police!  I’ll be grounded for a month!”
“If not more,” Archer said with a dramatic flourish.  “Relax buddy, we’re not being that loud.”
“He’d ground me for a year,” Micah said, pulling away from Archer.  “It’s my junior year!  I’m a man and I’m still scared of my father.”
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of,” Archer said.  “I’m pretty afraid of your dad too.  The last thing I need is another detention.”
“We need to stop!  We didn’t come here to drink, we just wanted to hang out and talk about the tournament!  This is bad!  So bad!”
“Calm down, Micah.  You’re ranting like a sloppy drunk. You’re the sober-est person here,” Archer said.
“Damn right!  I’m not drunk at all!  Do you hear me slurring?”
“Not yet,” Tad said.
“See!  So I’m not drunk,” Micah said.  “I need water.  I’ll be right back.”
“He’s drunk,” Mason laughed, watching him head back towards the house, barely able to keep one foot in front of the other.
“He’s been like this a lot lately.  Some vice-president, huh?  Sometimes I think Orion made a mistake when he picked him.  I mean, everyone knows how hard Micah parties.”
“Yes but, I mean, is he like this very often?” Mason asked.
“Are you kidding me?  Micah drinks every night when he’s at home!  His father tries to keep the whole thing hushed up, but I swear he can’t fall asleep without a drink in his hand.  I’ve been meaning to talk to him about it.  I’m worried about the guy.”
“Damn.  Maybe Orion didn’t know about it when he made him vice-president, but just thought that he was doing the right thing since he’s the headmaster’s son.”
“I don’t know…” he trailed off as he noticed Roderick approaching with a hoodie over his eyes, covering his face.  Archer addressed him like he was a stranger.  “Hey buddy, you don’t look drunk at all.  Maybe we should send you to keep an eye on our friend, Micah.  It looks as though he’s had a bit too much to drink.”
“Again?” Roderick asked.  “I’ll go.”
“That must be one of Micah’s public school friends.  Poor guy,” Mason said, watching him jog after Micah.  “I can’t believe the Headmaster’s son has a drinking problem!  We should tell Orion.”
“I’m not going to say anything.  I think Micah can get it under control with a little help.  I mean, who really knows about it?  He keeps it a secret—”
“Stop!  Stop, jackass!  What’re you doing?” a voice shouted, breaking up the conversation.
“Did you guys hear that?” Archer asked.
“Someone’s shouting for help,” Mason said, standing up.  “Look!”
“Leave me alone!  Tell him to leave me alone!” the man in the hoodie shouted as he ran up to the fire.
“What’s your problem?  Afraid to fight me?” Micah shouted sloppily as he staggered after Roderick.
“What’s going on?” Mason asked.
“It’s all him!  He ran up to me and started talking shit on me!  It’s my house and I sure as hell didn’t invite him.  I’ll kill him!” he shouted, reaching towards Roderick.
“You’re threatening me?”
“No, I’m promising you!” Micah said, lunging forward and clubbing Roderick on the head with a flailing swing of his fist.
“Stop!  Don’t hit him, Micah!  You’re drunk!”  Mason reached out, grabbing Micah’s arms and attempting to restrain him.
“Let me go!  Let me go right now!” Micah shouted, struggling in his grasp.
“Please, Micah.  Calm down, you’re drunk!”
“I’m not drunk, dammit!” Micah screamed, getting out of the hold and shoving Mason.  In a second, Micah had Mason pinned down to the ground and was drunkenly punching him wherever his fists could land a blow.
“Stop!  Someone wake up Orion before Micah’s dad wakes up!  Maybe he can break this up!” Archer shouted, still pretending to be drunk.
As Micah and Mason continued to roll around on the ground, Roderick took the opportunity to slip away.  Archer was the only one to notice him leaving.
“Please stop, Micah!  Do you want Orion to see you acting like an idiot?”
“What the hell, guys?” Orion’s heavy accent rumbled through the air.  The two men on the ground stopped fighting to find Orion standing over them, his face grim.  Mason rolled away from Micah and felt his bloody mouth.
“I’m bleeding!” Mason grunted.  “What’s your problem, Micah?”
“Stop!” Orion shouted, stepping in between them.
“Listen to him, Mason,” Archer said.  “Why are you acting like this?  Micah, are you so drunk that you’re going to start fighting everybody?  That’s enough, Mason!  Stop, Micah!”
“How did this even start?  Why are you guys hitting each other?  You’re friends!  You were just helping each other out only a few hours ago!  What’s wrong with you two?”
Micah looked away, feeling ashamed as Mason rubbed his jaw and groaned.
Orion looked at Archer.  “Can you please try and explain to me what happened?”
“I honestly don’t know everything that happened.”
“Tell me what you do know.”
“It was just a little fun.  We were all drinking and having a good time and then something happened.  I think Micah had a little too much to drink and he left us for a minute, then suddenly he was chasing someone and then he and Mason were fighting.  I didn’t know what to do.”
“Micah?” Orion tried, walking up to his friend.  “What happened?”
“I don’t know,” he said, his wild, bloodshot eyes looking towards the house.  “Shit, I see my father’s light is on.  He’ll be out here any minute.”
“Shit,” Orion muttered.  “Mason, what happened?  You’re usually so calm, that’s why I always want you helping me with school projects.  What would make you start fighting with Micah?”
“Orion, I don’t know.  He was chasing this guy and I tried to calm him down and then suddenly tackled me and started punching me in the face!  Do you see my lip?  Dammit, I don’t know what started it.  Maybe Archer saw something that I missed.  My jaw’s killing me and I’m probably going to have to get stitches.  He attacked me, Orion, that’s all I can say.  I don’t know why, but he suddenly attacked me.”
“Now I’m really starting to get pissed off,” Orion said, looking at everyone.  “If someone doesn’t explain how this all really started, I’ll march right up the Headmaster’s room and tell him what I’ve seen.”
“He’d punish you too!” Mason said.  “Please, I can drive myself, just don’t tell the Headmaster.”
“No, you’ve been drinking.  I’ll take you to the hospital but I need a few minutes.  Now everybody listen – we can’t have this,” Orion said.  “We have to host the college tournament tomorrow and you guys are getting drunk and fighting!  Do you have any idea how bad it’s going to look with a volunteer in stitches and a vice-president with a black eye?  Archer, please, I trust you more than anyone else here, what the hell happened?”
“Don’t ask him, he’s friends with Micah.  You can’t trust him.”
“Can’t trust me?” Archer asked, looking upset.  “Mason, you know me better than that.  I hate saying terrible things about my friends, but the truth is the most important thing here.  Here’s what I saw.  Mason and I were talking around the fire when someone ran up to the fire pit, screaming for Micah to leave him alone.  Micah appeared, threatening to kill him.  Mason tried to calm things down but Micah kept shouting and making a scene.  He was so loud that the guy he was chasing ran away and I didn’t see where he went.  Next thing I know, Micah had Mason pinned down and was punching him the face and Mason was trying to defend himself.  They were rolling around, fighting, when you showed up.  That’s all I know.”
“A fight for no other reason than losing your senses,” Orion said gruffly, covering his face with his hand for a moment.
“No one’s perfect, Orion, you know that,” Archer said.  “We all drink and we all like to have a good time.  I really don’t think Micah meant to hurt Mason but he did.  I’m sure whoever stirred Micah up like this is at fault, but he’s gone now and I hardly remember his face.”
“Don’t defend Micah,” Orion said, turning away from Archer.  “Micah, I know this sucks, but I can’t have you showing your face at the tournament this weekend.  Not with that black eye.  We can’t condone fighting at our school.”
“What’s going on?” Devony’s voice asked sleepily.
“It’s nothing,” Orion said.  “Now look what you’ve all done!  The Headmaster’s awake and Devony is too!  Now I’m pissed.”
“What’s wrong?”
“Nothing, don’t worry about it, Dev.  Tad, take her home before the Headmaster decides to do a thorough check of the property.  Take the others with you too, I don’t want them driving.  You are sober, aren’t you, Tad?”
“I stopped drinking a while ago,” Tad said, motioning for the others to follow him.  “Micah, come on, you can follow us back to the house.”
“No.  Micah can clean up this mess,” Orion said.  “Mason, let’s get you to the hospital,” he said, helping Mason back to his feet.  “Archer?”
“I’ll stay with him,” Archer said, taking a seat in front of the fire.  “I’ll talk to him.”
“Do whatever you want,” Orion said over his shoulder as he helped Mason walk across the yard.
“How are you?” Archer asked.
“I…I’m still trying to remember what the hell happened.”
“Well it’s over, Micah.  Nothing can be done now.”
“I was supposed to help out with the tournament!  What am I going to do when my dad finds out?  What’s he going to do when he sees this shiner?  He’ll probably say that I can’t be vice-president.”
Archer tried not to roll his eyes.  “As if that would happen.  Don’t make it as dramatic as all that,” he said.  “The tournament’s tomorrow and it’s stressing Orion out – just give him some time to calm down.  He’s going to need all the help he can get to make sure this whole thing goes well.  I’m sure you’ll be back helping him Saturday if not Friday.  He likes you, Micah, you know that.  He wouldn’t have made you vice-president if he didn’t.  This is just so the school doesn’t look bad, not because he doesn’t like you.”
“What the hell’s wrong with me?” Micah said as he held his head in his hands.  “Getting drunk?  Starting a fight?  I can’t believe I punched Mason.  I’m never drinking again.”
“Let’s not say things we don’t mean.  Who were you chasing, anyway?”
“I don’t remember.  I don’t know.”
“How can’t you remember?  It happened five minutes ago.”
“I just remember him making fun of me, and I remember running after him, but I don’t remember exactly what he said that set me off.  That’s horrible, right?  It’s horrible that I fought with someone and I don’t even know who and I don’t even know why!  Orion was right not to let me participate in the tournament.  So much for putting that on my applications next year.”
“Oh you’re fine,” Archer said, patting him heavily on the back.  “You don’t even seem that drunk anymore.”
“I sobered up when I realized I was punching Mason.”  Micah buried his face deep in his hands and let out a drunken sob.  “What the hell’s wrong with me?”
“You’re being too hard on yourself, Micah.”
“I’m not.”
“Instead of blubbering, why don’t you do something about it?”
“What the hell can I do?  Ask him if I can help with the tournament again?  Make sure that he doesn’t tell my father?  Orion doesn’t seem like he even trusts me anymore!  He looked at me like I was a dog with rabies or something.”
“Takes one to know one,” Archer mumbled before putting on a smile.  “So you got a little out of control, it happens to the best of us!  It’s fine, so you’ll lay off the beer for awhile.  No harm done.”
“It wasn’t just the beer!  I think someone was sneaking me drinks.”
“How could someone sneak you drinks?  You were making most of them.”
“That’s why it’s so weird,” Micah grumbled.
“Whatever happened, it’s over now.  Do you want to help out this weekend?”
“You know I do.”
“So here’s what you should do.  Call Devony.”
“Devony?  Tonight?  But it’s already so late.”
“Just call her,” Archer pressed on.  “Tell her your side of the story and ask her if she can talk to Orion about making sure that you help out with the tournament this weekend.  Say you’re worried about losing your position as vice-president and still want to help the school in any way you can.  Like you said earlier, Devony’s a nice girl.  She’ll do whatever it takes to help anyone.  Ask her to plead your case to Orion.  I’d bet your father’s money that by tomorrow all will be forgotten and you’ll be helping out with the tournament.”
“Actually that’s not a bad idea,” Micah said with a sniff.
“Of course it’s not.  It’s my idea.  And I’m helping because I can see how upset you are.”
“I know you are.  I’ll go inside and call Devony.  Her father will let her speak to me.  He’s always liked me.”
“That sounds like a good idea.  I’ll clean up here.”
“Are you sure, Archer?  I couldn’t ask you—”
“I insist.  Go now and call her.  She’ll help you.”
“Thanks, Archer.  I appreciate it,” Micah said, standing up.  “I underestimated you.  You really are a good friend.”
“Go now.”

Chapter Four

“Am I good, or am I amazing?” Archer asked when he heard rustling from the woods several minutes after Micah had left.
“You’re damn good,” Roderick said as he walked towards the now-extinguished firepit.  “Though Micah did get a pretty good hit on me.”
“A small price to pay.  Trust me, this is the best way to win Devony.  She’s so innocent and naive that she won’t even realize she’s crossing a line by standing up for another man so much.  Can you believe Micah actually took my advice?”
“I told you that you were good.  Your words were so believable.”
“And just think, Roderick!  Micah will be pestering Devony constantly and Devony will be bothering Capetown!  There’s no way he’ll believe she’s just trying to help – he’ll think she has other intentions about wanting to keep Micah around.”
“What are you going to do?” Roderick asked.
“Me?  I’m going to talk to Capetown and make sure he suspects Devony is up to no good.  I’ll be sure to mention Devony’s flirting with him and hint that it’s why she’s working so hard to have him help out with the tournament.  The harder Devony works to help Micah, the worse it’s going to look to Orion.  And that, Roderick, is exactly what I plan on doing tomorrow.”
“I don’t know,” Roderick said, rubbing the back his neck.  “This seems like a lot of work.  My nose hurts like a bitch.  I was thinking about giving this whole thing up.”
“Are you kidding?  Don’t be so impatient!  So you got nicked on the nose, it happens.  Consider it a battle wound.  What more could you want, Roderick?  Orion no longer trusts Micah and that’s a good thing, so don’t you dare wuss out on me.  We’re seeing this through to the end.  Do you understand?”
“Sure,” Roderick said.  “Is there anything else?”
“This is where my girlfriend is going to help us out,” Archer explained.  “I’ll have her talk to Devony and make sure she knows Micah was wronged and has put in a lot of work for this tournament and shouldn’t be turned away because of some little fight.  Plus, I’m going to have to spend a bunch of time talking to Capetown tomorrow.  I have to make sure he sees Micah and Devony talking.”
“So that’s how it’s going to work?”
“That’s all, my friend.  Not a bad plan, right?  Time is the key.  With the tournament tomorrow, Orion won’t have a lot of time to think because he’ll be so stressed.  He’ll listen to anything I have to say because he trusts me now.  We’ll have to move quickly, we can’t allow him time to think.  I’ll talk to Capetown first thing tomorrow.”
“And me?”
“Sit back and don’t mess things up.  Let me do what I need to.”

Act III

Chapter One

The following morning Micah woke up feeling more confident than he had the night before, having spoken to Devony about the situation.  He knew she would beg Orion to let him help with the tournament.  His father had asked him about his eye and he had casually responded that he had been goofing around a bit too much with his friends.  His father was in such a rush that he didn’t bother pressing him further.
“Do you need a ride?” he asked his son.
“No,” Micah said as he smoothed some longer pieces of his dark hair in front of his swollen eye.
“I can call the car around.”
“I’m fine.  Archer’s picking me up.”
“Oh?  I thought you didn’t care for him.”
“He’s alright.  I’m getting a ride with him and Devony.”
“Why aren’t you taking your own car?  You do realize that the tournament starts tonight, don’t you?”
“Yeah, Pops.  I know all about the tournament.  In case you’ve forgotten, I helped to plan it.”
“It’s a great opportunity for the school.”
“It’s a basketball tournament,” Micah said, rolling his eyes.  “Go sports, go.”
Micah’s father looked at his son more closely, his glance falling over his black eye.  “And you said that you were just goofing around with the guys last night?”
“Yes.”
“Should I call the doctor?  I’m don’t mind stopping over there with you—”
“Just let it go, dad!” Micah said, brushing past him.  “My ride’s here.”
“Behave yourself.  It’s a big day for me...and the school.”
“I’ll try,” he said, shutting the door before his father could sneak in another word.  Jogging towards Archer’s car, he heard the door unlock and he slid into the passenger seat.  “Morning.”
“Good morning,” Archer grunted, backing out of the driveway as soon as the door shut.  “How’d you sleep?”
“Terribly.  I was so worried about what my dad was going to say about this shiner that I could barely keep my eyes closed.”
“Heh, from here it looks like one of them is nearly closed right now.”
“Shut up, Archer.  I don’t want to talk about it.”
“You brought it up,” Archer said with a shrug before his eyes shifted over to look at Micah.  “Did you call Devony last night like I told you?”
“Yeah I did, and I have to say she was pretty understanding about the whole thing.  I’m going to talk to her again today.”
“Ellie’s already at school,” Archer said.  “Talk to her first.”
“Is Devony with her?”
“Probably, I don’t know.  She picked up Devony for me this morning.  I just needed a break from her.”
“It would have been convenient if you picked her up this morning.  I could have talked to her in the car.”
“Just talk to Ellie when you see her,” Archer said, falling silent for the rest of the short trip to school.  Turning the radio as high as his ears could stand, he hoped that Micah’s mind was busy at work.  The guy looked terrible even if you didn’t consider the bluish mark hovering around his left eye.  Archer wanted to smirk but he didn’t dare.  He needed this plan to go smoothly.
Pulling into the lot, Archer smiled when he saw Ellie right at the side of the parking lot, smoking an electric cigarette.  “I swear that girl has no shame,” he said.  “I’ll drop you off here and you can walk her to the building and have your chat, alright?  I have some things to take care of this morning.”
“I understand.  Thanks again, Archer.  I really appreciate you taking the time to do this.  I know you and I haven’t always seen eye-to-eye, but you’ve always been there for me.”
Archer unlocked the door, jutting his chin outward.  “Go, so you’re not late.”
Micah climbed out from the car and Archer pulled away to find a parking space.  Ellie continued to puff delicately, blowing the water vapor into the cool air.
“Morning,” Ellie said, slinging her bag over her shoulder.
“Good morning.  I guess you know what happened last night?”
“I know as much as Archer decides to tell me,” Ellie said.  “Come on, let’s walk.”  Once the two had fallen into step walking towards the building, Ellie took another long drag off her cigarette.  “I’m sorry to hear about the fight.  If I had been there then I’m sure it wouldn’t have happened.  Archer said that you called Dev last night?”
“I did.”
“Dev talked to me about it this morning and she’s planning to talk to Orion.  You really shouldn’t have hit that guy, Micah.  You know your father’s going to find out about it eventually, don’t you?  Orion did what he did to show that he’s loyal to the school’s reputation before anything else.”
“I understand that, but—”
“Let me finish.  While he can’t possibly let you help out with the tournament, I don’t think he has any plans to remove you from being his vice-president.”
“You’re sure about that?”
“I can’t say I’m totally sure, but I’d like to think even Orion wouldn’t go so far.”
“I still have to talk to Devony.”
“Again?  Micah, are you sure that’s a good idea?  I mean, you called her last night.”
“I need to talk to her face-to-face.  She needs to see how desperate I am.  I can’t get that across over the phone.  You have to set it up so I can talk to her again.”
Ellie rolled her eyes before taking a final long drag off her e-cigarette and tucking it into her bag.  “I don’t like it.  If you spend too much time talking to her, Orion may get the wrong idea.”
“But he won’t talk to me!” Micah said, reaching out and grabbing her shoulders.  “Ellie, you have to give me a chance to talk to her alone.  I have to clear this up.  Before tonight if possible.”
“You’re asking a lot.”
“I know I am and that’s why I trust you to help me.”
She shook her head in disagreement but she couldn’t deny that he looked frantic.  “Alright,” she relented, shrugging out of his grasp.  “I’m sure I can find a place for you two to talk.”
“Thank you!  Thanks so much, Ellie!” Micah said, ignoring her discomfort and pulling her into a hug.  “I can’t thank you enough!”
“Just don’t make me regret it.”

Chapter Two

Orion looked up from his desk and set down the papers.  “What do you mean, he called her?” he asked Archer as he ran a hand over his short dark hair.  His light brown eyes looked alert and focused considering how early it was.
“I guess Micah still really wants to help out with the tournament.”
“So he called my girlfriend?  What the hell time was it when he did?”
“No idea.  I just know her father didn’t seem to have any problems with it.”
“So that would explain why she called me before school,” Orion said, rubbing the bridge of his nose.  “I thought she just wanted to help.  I didn’t know Micah called her behind my back.”
“I’m sure it was just to ask her to talk to you, Orion.”
“It better be,” he said, shuffling through some more papers.  “Mason?”
“Yeah?”
“Take these papers around to the teachers and make sure that they sign this agreement,” he said, holding the stack out to him.  “We don’t want any miscommunication about the extra credit for our volunteers.”
“Can you handle that, puffy face?” Archer asked in a teasing voice as Mason took the papers.
“Archer, please,” Orion scolded.  “As if the situation isn’t bad enough.”
“I’m only kidding.  I think it’s big of you to let him participate behind the scenes, Orion.  You’re a better man than me.”
“I don’t feel like a great man right now,” Orion said with a frown as he looked at Mason’s freshly stitched split lip.  He did feel bad for him.  “Can you handle it?”
“Sure can,” Mason said with a pained smile, taking the papers and leaving the classroom.
“Are you pissed that he called her?” Archer asked.
“I’m…I’m not sure yet.”
“I’m sure it’s nothing to worry about.”
“I hope you’re right.”

Chapter Three

In the back of the library, Devony knit her fingers together and tried not to look at him directly.  She couldn’t stand the panicked look in Micah’s green eyes as they searched hers, begging for help.  “You know I’ll do everything I can,” she said to him.
“You should help him, Dev.  Even Archer’s upset about the whole thing and you know he doesn’t give a damn about anything!  He’s still blaming himself.  He’s convinced the whole thing could have been avoided if he had kept a closer watch on him,” Ellie said.
“I wouldn’t stress too much about this, Micah.  I’m sure he’ll let you help out with the tournament.  I mean look on the bright side, at least he didn’t tell your father that you were drunk and fighting last night,” Devony said.
“Thank hell, he didn’t,” Micah said, trying to smile though it hurt his eye.  “Whatever you’re able to do, thanks so much.”
“It’s not a problem.  You and Orion have been friends for a long time.  I refuse to believe he’s doing this for any other reason than to show the school he’s not going to tolerate fighting.”
“Do you think he’ll replace me?”
“Replace you?” Devony asked, looking curious.  “As a friend?”
“As a vice-president?”
“Of course not!  Orion would never do that!  It’s just a slap on the wrist, if that.”  Devony slid her arm across the table and grabbed his hand.  “You’re not going to lose your position as vice-president.  I’ll do everything and anything I can to make sure that you’re helping out with the tournament tonight.  I’ll see him at lunch, I can text him, call him, and be a nuisance until he’s so fed up with me that he won’t have a choice but to give in.”
“You don’t need to go so far.”
“It’s not a problem.  So that’s enough of this talk about losing your position of vice-president, Micah.  Don’t be silly.  If I’m on your side, Orion will be too.”
“Speaking of Orion,” Ellie trailed off as she saw Archer and Orion enter the library.
“I should go,” Micah said, quickly pulling his hand out from under Devony’s.  “I don’t want him to get the wrong idea.”
“Don’t you want to be here when I talk to him?”
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea,” he said, standing up.  “I’ll go out the back, okay?  Don’t mention I was here.”
“Well…I guess I can’t stop you,” Devony said, watching him silently leave the library.
Archer caught sight of Micah stepping through the back door.  “That can’t be good,” he muttered.
“What can’t be good?” Orion asked.  “Did you see something?”
“No, nothing…” he said, trailing off for effect, “…it’s nothing.”
“Did you see who just left the library?  Was that Micah?” he asked, looking around the room.  His eyes fell on Ellie and Devony.  Had he just been there talking to them?
“Micah?  I don’t think so.  Did you see the way that person snuck out?  Whoever it was had something to hide, and what could Micah want to hide from you?  It couldn’t have been him.”
“I think it was.”  Orion approached the table, leaning over it to look at Devony.  “Who were you just talking to?”
“Someone who wants to help out with the tournament,” Devony said.
“Who?” Orion snapped.
“What’s with the attitude?  It was your friend, Micah.  Orion, please talk to him.  He really wants to help out and he hates that you’re mad at him.  He didn’t mean to—”
“He didn’t mean to what?  Get drunk?  Get into a fight?  Or get caught?”
“Orion, don’t be mean.  Talk to him.”
“So that was him just now?”
“It…it was.  Orion, he feels terrible about what happened.  Go get him, bring him back, and tell him that you’re done being mad.”
“Not now.”
“Why not?”
“Because I’m still mad.”
“But you are going to forgive him by tonight, right?”
“Why so soon?”
“He wants to help out with the tournament.  You know what an amazing opportunity this is.”
Orion rolled his eyes but leaned in, and gave Devony a kiss on her cheek.  Her freckled face blossomed with a blush.  “I’ll talk to him.”
“When?  During lunch period?”
“Probably not then.”
“So when?”
“Devony, please.  I have a lot on my mind.  Can you understand that?”
“I understand, but I still really want you talk to him.  Don’t wait another week, another day or even another few hours.  You’re stressed and he can help you.  That’s what having a vice-president is for!  Micah’s always been a good friend to you and even when we were dating in secret he never told anyone.  You have to forgive him.”
“Enough,” Orion snapped.  “I’ll talk to him if you just stop talking about him.”
Devony winced but quickly regained her composure.  “You don’t have to be so harsh, it’s not like I’m asking you to do anything terrible.”
“I said I would talk to him!” Orion said, slamming his hand on the table.
“Shhh!” the librarian hushed from the front of the room.  “Keep that noise down.”
“Alright,” Orion growled.  “I’ll talk to him, Devony.  Okay?  I’ll talk to him, but in the meantime, can you please just mind your own business?  I’m sick of it.”
“Sick of it?” Devony repeated as she stood up from her chair.  “I’m getting a little sick of you acting this way.  Come on, Ellie.  We have class.”
“I’ll see you later,” Orion called, narrowing his eyes as Devony stormed towards the library’s exit.
“I’ll talk to her,” Ellie said as she rushed by to catch up to her friend.
“Thanks, Ellie, I appreciate that.”

Chapter Four

After the two girls had left, Orion appeared deep in thought.  He took the seat Ellie had just left and crossed his arms over his chest.  “So it was Micah,” he muttered.
“I really hoped that it wasn’t,” Archer said, taking a seat next to him.  “I have to ask you something.”
“What now?”
“When you were with Devony in secret, I’m assuming you told Micah?”
“Of course I told him.  He’s like a brother to me,” Orion said.  “Why are you asking me now?”
“No reason.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“I swear there isn’t any reason for asking other than my curiosity.”
“So why are you curious?”
“I guess I didn’t realize that those two were so close.”
“They’re not that close,” Orion said, uncrossing his arms and leaning over the table.  “I guess that they have spoken to each other from time to time.  We only needed him for delivering messages on the days when Devony was worried about her father finding out about us.”
“Huh.”
“Huh, what?  What’s wrong with that?”
“I didn’t say anything was wrong, Orion.  I just made a sound.”
“I don’t like the sound you made.  Talk to me.  Are you saying there’s an issue with trusting Micah around my girl?”
“Micah Castile?”
“Yes, dammit.  Who else would I be talking about?  We’re talking about Micah, aren’t we?”
“As far as I know.”
“So answer the question.”
“I wasn’t aware you were asking one.”
“Are you kidding me?” Orion grumbled, running his hand over his short dark hair.  “Why are you talking around everything that I’m asking you?  I can see it in your eyes that your mind is buzzing.  When we walked into the library you said you didn’t like something and now you’re asking about Micah and how close he is to Dev.  Is there something going on I don’t know about?”
Archer looked away.  “I don’t think so.”
“You looked somewhere else!  I saw it!  Tell me what you’re thinking.  Now.”
“Orion, I…” Archer said, breathing in and then heaving out a heavy sigh.  He wanted to smile at how carefully Orion was watching him.  Every gesture, every movement was making him nervous.
Good.
“Go on,” Orion said, looking more uncomfortable.  “Tell me what’s bothering you.”
“Orion, I’d like to think that we’re friends now.  We’re friends, right?”
“Of course.  You helped me out when Micah was drunk and making an absolute ass out of himself.  You’ve proven on more than one occasion that I can trust you with school events and I know you care about the school’s reputation as much as I do.  Please…tell me what you think you saw.”
“Micah’s a good guy.  I think I’m looking too much into things.”
“Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“I don’t see a reason to get you riled up this close to the tournament.”
“Why would I get riled up?”
“Because you’re stressed.  I’m worried you’ll start to see things that aren’t there.  There’s going to be a lot of pressure.  The media’s going to be here.”
“I know about the damn tournament.  What I want to know is if Micah is trustworthy.”
As he fumbled with his fingers, Archer could feel Orion’s heavy gaze.  “I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”
“You’re lying.”
“I have better things to do than lie.  Why would you say that?”
“I want you be honest,” Orion said.  “If you think something’s up, then as my friend you have tell me.”
“I…I can’t,” Archer said, suddenly unsure.  For a moment he hesitated.  Could he really do this?  Orion took his silence for something terrible and looked at him with a face so pleading and pathetic that Archer almost felt bad for him.  And then he remembered all the rejection letters from colleges.  He remembered Orion preaching about waiting until marriage to have sex when he was sure that he had slept with Ellie.  He had to do this.  “Are you sure you want to know?”
“Would I be here begging if I didn’t?”
“Orion, I could have a rotten thought about anyone.  No one’s perfect.”
“Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“I don’t have to.”
“As your friend, I think you do have to tell me.  If you think even for a second that Micah or Devony are up to something, you have to tell me.”
“We should head down to the Headmaster’s.”
“Not until you tell me what you’re thinking.  Archer, come on.  Tell me.”
“I’m probably wrong.”
“I don’t care.  Tell me.”
“Doesn’t the saying go that ‘ignorance is bliss’?” Archer asked, trying to look uncomfortable.  “I don’t want to plant a seed of doubt in your mind when it comes to your trust with Devony and Micah.  It isn’t right.”
“What isn’t right?  What am I being ignorant about?  Is there something going on?”
“It’s nothing,” Archer said, standing up.  “Come on, we don’t want to be late.”
“You’re going to tell me by the end of the day.”
“It’s not a good idea.”
“What isn’t?”
“Getting yourself all worked up like this, Orion!  Even if Devony was cheating on you—”
“Cheating on me?  What the hell are you talking about?” Orion asked, standing and getting in Archer’s face.  “She’s not cheating.”
“You’re right.  She’s probably not.  But even if she was—”
“She’s not.”
“What I’m trying to say is, that even if she were, would you really want to know about it, or would you rather be kept in the dark?”
“I don’t want her cheating on me in the first place!”
“And as long as you don’t know, she’s not.  Orion, stop.  You’re going to regret having this conversation and I don’t want you be upset with me.”
“I wouldn’t get upset with you for telling me the truth!  I would rather know than be an ignorant fool.  Can’t you understand that?”
“Of course I do.  Which is why I’m telling you now to stop this conversation and go see the Headmaster.”
“Do you have proof?” Orion asked once Archer started walking towards the front of the library.  “I want proof to your claims.”
“I’m not claiming anything!  Seriously, Orion, it’s nothing so stop worrying about it.”
“Do you swear I have nothing to worry about?”
“No more than you would with any other guy in the school.”
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?”
“I don’t think it’s supposed to make you feel worse,” Archer said, opening the door and motioning for Orion to go ahead of him.  “Orion, listen to me.  I don’t have proof but you should keep a closer eye on Devony.  She’s a nice enough girl but a guy would have to be a fool not to flirt with her.”  Archer walked a bit ahead of him.  “I’ll see you at third period, okay?” he called over his shoulder.
Orion didn’t answer him, instead grumbling to himself.  “Micah would be a fool to try anything with her.”

***

“Do you really think she’s cheating on me?” Orion asked near the end of third period once the teacher had given the class permission to talk until the bell rang.  He slid his desk closer to Archer’s so no one else could hear their conversation.
“She lied to her dad, didn’t she?  For months she lied to him about seeing you.”
“I never wanted her to do that.”
“Do you think she’d want you to find out if she was seeing another guy?”
“N-no.”
“But she could probably keep a secret about it, couldn’t she?  She’s done it before.  I mean hell, Orion, didn’t you say that she was afraid to talk to you at first when actually she liked you?”
“She did.”  He pressed his forehead to the cool desk, trying to calm his nerves.  “Oh God, it must be true.  She could do it and I would be none the wiser.”
“You don’t know if she’s doing anything yet,” Archer said, resting a hand on his back, patting it.  “I’m just worried about my friend is all.”
“And I appreciate that.  I really do.”
“You’re not mad?”
“I’m not,” Orion said, lifting his head up.  “I don’t believe ignorance is bliss.  I’m glad you talked to me about this.”
“I don’t believe you but I’m happy to help, I think.  Don’t look too much into this until after the tournament, Orion.  You’re stressed and you’re looking for a release.  You shouldn’t take it out on Devony.”
“I don’t plan to.  Not without proof.”
“Don’t go searching for proof either,” Archer warned.  “If you start acting like a snoop, you’re probably going to scare Devony away.  You don’t want that, do you?”
“I don’t want that.”  He shook his head.  “I don’t think Devony would cheat on me with Micah.”
“Let’s hope not…for her sake.”
“But it makes sense though, doesn’t it?  Micah and Dev are a much better match.”
“Devony’s father is fond of him.”
“Oh God.  I know.  I know that!”
“Archer and Orion,” the teacher warned from the front of the class.  “Voices down.”
“Yes, Ms. Crane,” Archer said, leaning closer to Orion.  “Maybe she’s tired of being ashamed, you know?  Maybe she just wants to have a relationship that she doesn’t have to explain to everyone.”
“That would make sense,” Orion said, reasoning in his mind.  “I can’t keep my eye on her, though.  Our class schedules are very different.  Do you think that Ellie could do it?  They’re close friends.”
“I can ask her.”
“I should have never let her keep a secret from her father,” Orion said.  “He was right.  A real man wouldn’t have allowed such a thing.”
“Darren said that out of spite, don’t take him too seriously.  He’s a man who only wants the best for his daughter.”
“And that’s clearly not me,” Orion said.
“Stop beating yourself up over things you can’t change.  Micah flirts with everything, Orion.  You know that better than I do.  What you need to do is not let him weasel his way back into your good graces.  Make him work for something for a change.  Did he talk to you yet about helping out with the tournament?”
“You already know he called Devony late last night.”
“So that’s how he’s going to do it?” Archer asked.  “Just see how hard Devony works on his behalf.”
“That means nothing,” Orion said as the bell rang overhead.
“Does it?” Archer asked, starting to leave the classroom.  He lowered his head as Orion quickly packed up his things and caught up with him.
“Archer, do you really see something I should worry about?”
“You’ll have to decide that for yourself,” Archer said, taking a sharp turn around a corner when he saw Devony and Ellie walking towards them.  He didn’t want to be seen.

Chapter Five

Archer disappeared into another hallway, leaving him alone with his thoughts.  Orion was so caught up in his words that he almost ran smack into Devony who looked up at him with wide and happy eyes.  It made his heart ache.  If a girl who could look at him like that could cheat on him, he wasn’t sure about much in the world.
“Hey!” Devony said, wrapping her arms around his waist.  “Surprised to see you here.  We don’t usually run into each other until lunch and even that’s in passing.”
“Oh yeah, I must not have been paying attention.”
“What’s wrong?  Are you feeling okay?”
“I’m sure it’s just stress,” Orion said, pulling away slightly.  Devony’s eyes looked hurt and she released him but she kept smiling.
“You must be going out of your mind,” Devony said.  “The news teams are already here to set up.”  She reached into her purse and held out a bottle of a migraine pain-reliever.  “Think this will help?”
“N-no,” he muttered, pushing her hand away.  “You know I don’t take drugs.”
“It’s over-the-counter,” she said, but put the bottle away.
“Drugs are drugs,” Orion said.  “I need to keep a straight head, even if it hurts.”
Devony was looking at him closely when suddenly, a large boy came sprinting down the hall, knocking into her and sending her purse and everything in it flying everywhere.  “Hey!” Devony shouted to the guy but he had already turned a corner.  She quickly started to gather up her things, surprised that Orion didn’t bend over to help her.
“Are you sure you’re alright?” she asked, once everything she saw was picked up and packed again.  “You’re acting weird.  Can I at least get you a pop?  Maybe the caffeine will help?”
She looked so innocent that Orion wasn’t able to resist her.  Maybe Archer really was just being paranoid.  He looped his arm around her waist which caused her to lean against him.  “You don’t mind if I borrow her for a bit, do you, Ellie?”
“Not at all,” Ellie said, catching a glint of something on the floor next to her foot.  “I’ll see you both at lunch.”
“See you,” Devony said, practically purring as they walked down the halls.
Once they were out of sight, Ellie bent over and picked up a tiny silver ring from the floor.  It was a slim silver band with intricate engraving and a date on the inside.  It wasn’t extremely valuable, but she knew how much it meant to Devony.  It was a gift from Orion and she must have taken it off during her biology lab.  Standing upright, she turned the ring around between her fingers, realizing that it wouldn’t fit anything but her left pinkie.  “Heh,” she mumbled, holding it in her fist.  “She’ll be glad that I found this.”
She began walking to her next class, when suddenly as she was passing a janitor closet, the door sprung open and a hand pulled her inside.
“Well, hello,” Archer growled in her ear, kissing her neck and cheeks.  “I thought I saw you coming.”
“It wouldn’t be the first time,” Ellie said, groaning from his attention.
“Why aren’t you with Devony?”
“Orion found her and they’re getting something to drink.”
“You didn’t go with them?”
“It was kind of a private moment,” Ellie said, raising her bent leg around his hip.  He pushed her into the back of the door, pressing his body into hers.  “But I don’t think you’ll mind when you see what I have for you.”
“You can have something with me right now,” he said, grinding her a bit.
“Not that,” Ellie said, opening her palm.  “Is this worth anything to you?”
“Where’d you get that?” Archer asked, his gray eyes lighting up.  He pulled his hips away and leaned against the door.  “That’s Devony’s ring, isn’t it?’
“The very same.”
“How did you get it off her?”
“The same way I get things off you,” she joked lamely.
“Ugh,” Archer said, still looking at the ring.  “Seriously though, what happened?”
“Some fatty frosh ran into her in the hall and her purse fell open.  She missed it when she was picking up her things.”
“Give it to me,” he said shortly, holding out his hand.
“What do you need it for?  I was planning on giving it back to her.”
“You’ll do no such thing,” he said, reaching for it.  Ellie jerked her hand away from his.  “Stop playing around.  I told you I wanted it, and you got it.  Why won’t you give it to me?”
“What are you going to do with it?  You’re not going to pawn it, are you?”
“As if I need the money,” Archer said hotly.  “God, give me some credit.”
“I am,” she said with a smirk.  “So what are you going to do?”
“What’s it to you?”
“It’s important to her,” Ellie said.
Archer leaned in again, kissing her.  “Come on,” he rumbled.  “All you have to do is pretend you don’t know anything about it.  Ellie, it’s her fault for dropping it and not even looking for it.”
“I…I g-guess,” she said slowly, feeling her reluctance wash away as he started to kiss her harder.  She pressed her body back up against his and he pressed back, sliding his hand under her shirt and tickling her hipbone with his fingertips.
“Please, Ellie,” he said, sucking gently on her earlobe.  “I’ll make it worth your while.”
“Promise?” she asked, feeling her fingers uncurl.  Archer snatched the ring away from her and tucked it into his jeans pocket.
“Yes, baby,” he growled, continuing to trace his fingers further down her stomach.  “Whatever you want.”  The bell rang overhead.  “Dammit, it’ll have to wait.”
“Fine,” Ellie said, blowing her now-messy hair out of her face as Archer pulled away.  “You owe me.”
“I’ll see you later,” he said, opening the door and slipping out.

***

“You look exhausted,” Archer said as Orion came to sit down next to him in the cafeteria for lunch.  Orion’s plate was loaded with pizza, french fries, and a big cookie.  A far cry from his normal lunch of green tea and a salad.  “Are you alright?”
“I know she’s cheating on me.”
“Are you kidding me?  Orion, please!  Stop talking about it.  Eat your lunch.  You’re tired.  You’re stressed and you’re just—”
“I blame you,” Orion grumbled.  “This is your fault,” he said, taking an angry bite out of his pizza.  “Because of you and your stupid words, I can’t even look at her without thinking that she’s with Micah.”
“See?  This is why I didn’t want to say anything.  You were the one who needed to know right away and demanded that I tell you.  Don’t blame me for this.”
“I don’t think I’d want to know!  I know I said that I didn’t believe that ignorance was bliss, but now I’m not so sure.  For months with Devony I’ve been happy, never suspecting a thing and now…now all I can see in my mind is her kissing Micah!  For God’s sake, sometimes I see her father standing over them watching and smiling!  It’s sick!”
“That is pretty nasty,” Archer agreed.  “You shouldn’t work yourself up.”
“I’m already worked up!  I know what I said earlier but now I think I’d rather her cheat on me with everyone in the tournament so long as I didn’t know!  Dammit!  I can’t stop thinking about it!  My stomach feels like a ball of hot anger, my head aches—”
“Take a painkiller.”
“No drugs!” Orion roared, slamming his fist down on the table.  Some people turned to stare.  “What the hell are you all looking at?  Eat your damn food and mind your own damn business.”
“You need to calm down.”
“No.  You need to keep your mouth shut!”  He waved himself off.  “Actually, no, you can talk all you want, but you better start finding proof about Devony.”
“I told you that I don’t have any.”
“If you don’t find me some proof then I’ll kick your ass.”
“Are you really threatening me?”
“You’ve left me with no choice!  You planted this madness in my mind – if you can’t prove she’s cheating, then you’ll have proven you’re nothing more than a liar and I’ll be even more angry than I am now.”
“Orion, listen to me.”
“No, you listen to me!  If you’re doing this just to make fun of me and have a good laugh, I promise you won’t be laughing when I’m done with you.”
“Stop this!  Orion, you’re being crazy.  Don’t you see how everyone’s looking at you?”
“I don’t care.”
“Well you should.  You’re the president of this school and you’ve earned it.  What kind of leader are you if you’re making threats?  I’ve done nothing but be completely honest with you and this is how you react?  You threaten to beat me up?”  He shook his head angrily.  “You know what?  I’m never going to try and help a friend ever again.  I don’t want to end up like Mason.”
Orion’s eyes widened.  “I’m…I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to imply—”
“Imply?  You didn’t imply anything!  You said it straight out!  Can you just forget what I told you?  If this is how you’re going to act then I wish that I never said anything!  Orion, I don’t think she’s cheating on you, I just thought you should know what I saw between her and Micah!”
“I know!  I get it, I get it,” Orion said.  “I’m sorry.  I know what you’re doing, Archer.  I really don’t think that Devony would cheat on me, let alone with Micah but damn, I can’t get these thoughts out of my head.  I need to know if there’s a way to prove this.  Even if she might still be faithful, I can’t convince myself of that fact.  Your words…” he trailed off, looking at his tray, “…poisoned me.”
“That was never my intention,” Archer said.  “Look, I’m sorry about what I said.  Is there anything I can do?”
“Proof.”
“You still want proof?”
“Yes.”
“How would I get proof?”
“I’m going to get it if you don’t.”
“And how do you plan on doing that?  Are you going to sneak into her room and wait for her and Micah—”
“Don’t say it!  Don’t you dare say it!”
“I don’t think it’d be impossible.  I mean, we could set something up.”
“No.  I don’t want to see it.”
“So what can we do, Orion?  If you don’t want to stake out her house, then what do you propose we do to get this proof you want so badly?  We could get him drunk—”
“And risk him hurting her like he did Mason?  Are you kidding me?”
“We could try to trick him.”
Orion looked up, studying him closely.  “Trick him?  How could we do that?”
“We could loosen up his tongue and see if he’ll repeat what he said to me last night.  You know that Micah’s a lightweight.  I mean, you give him a few beers you can’t pay him to keep his mouth shut.”  Archer looked up.  “Are you sure you want to know this?  It’s the real reason why I’ve been so worried.  I really didn’t want to tell you this because I don’t know if it’s true.”
“Is it proof?”
“That depends on the definition.”
“Tell me.”
Archer sighed heavily and continued.  “That night after the party after everyone had left I sat down and talked to him.  He was still a raving drunk and as I was helping him back to his room, he started bragging about how he was sleeping with her.”
“He wouldn’t dare.”
“He was so drunk and panicked that I didn’t trust any of his crazy babbling at the time.  I mean, he was seriously messed up that night.”
“What did he say?”
“Orion, are you sure—”
“What did he say?”
“He said that you’re an idiot.  He told me about how they’ve been laughing about dating in secret.”  He gave a dry laugh.  “At least he called it dating.”
“That’s impossible!  I would’ve known!”
“So just take it as a drunken man’s crazy rant.  I mean, he’s probably just jealous of you and didn’t know what he was saying.”
“I can’t believe he didn’t mean it – don’t you believe him?”
“He was drunk,” Archer said carefully.  “Drunk guys say anything.”
“That’s because they’re uninhibited!  He’s telling the truth!  I’ll kill him!”
“Oh stop,” Archer said.  “You’re not going to kill him.  We can’t assume he was telling the truth.  Although I did notice something weird earlier today…didn’t you give Devony a promise ring at the end of the summer?”
“Ellie told you about that?”
“Yes, and she also told me that Devony’s often embarrassed to wear it.”
“She didn’t want her father to suspect anything,” Orion clarified.  “I didn’t fight her about it.”
“Does she have any reason to keep it a secret now?”
“N-no.  I guess she doesn’t.”
“I thought that I saw Micah wearing the same ring on a chain,” Archer said carefully.  “I could have sworn that I saw him at gym class.  It was on a silver chain.”
“Bullshit.”
“Like I keep saying, Orion, I’m only telling you what I know.”
“What if it’s really my ring?”
“It can’t be a good sign,” Archer said.  “If it’s the same ring, which it may not be.”
“If he’s wearing the same ring I gave Devony, I don’t know what I’ll do.  Archer…I have to tell you…there’s a reason that my family moved to America.”
“What do you mean?”
Orion shook his head angrily, trying to clear his thoughts.  “Nevermind.  What’s important is that Devony gave my ring to another guy!  Wouldn’t that piss you off?”
“Why did your family move to America?”
“I told you that it doesn’t matter!  I’ll strangle him with my bare hands!”
“It’s the stress talking,” Archer said patiently.  “You have to relax and keep your mind clear.”
“My mind’s as clear as water!  If what you’re saying is true, then neither of them deserves to live.”
“You’re talking like a crazy person,” Archer said.  “Let’s make sure we’re reacting to more than just words.  We need proof.”
“Yes, and you need to get it,” Orion said.  “Come with me.”
“Where to?”
“I want to speak to you in private.  I see what you’re talking about.  Everyone’s listening to me.  They think I’m a freak.”
“You’re not—”
“Maybe I am,” Orion said, standing suddenly and grabbing his arm.  Archer rocked in his chair, barely able to gather his footing as Orion pulled him into the men’s bathroom.  “Now listen,” he said as soon as the door closed.  His usually friendly eyes were blazing with anger.  “When I said there’s a reason my family moved me to America, I meant exactly that.  So unless you want to find out what that reason is, you’ll help me find a way to prove she’s innocent.”
“I’ll do whatever you ask,” Archer said in a pinched voice.  “If you want me to—”
“I don’t know what I want, yet.  All I know is that Devony’s a whore and Micah’s betrayed me by sleeping with her.  As far as I’m concerned, you’re my vice-president now.”
“Are you sure?  I mean, I’ll do whatever you ask but—”
“There’s no one better for the job.”

Chapter Six

Across the school, Devony knocked on the Headmaster’s office door.  His secretary answered with a look of obvious distaste.  “Good afternoon,” Devony said, trying to make her voice sound cheery.  “Do you know if Micah Castile is in there?”
“In there?” the secretary asked, scrunching up her nose.
“In the headmaster’s office?”
“I doubt it.  I haven’t seen him.”
“Is the headmaster around?”
“The headmaster is always around, young lady.  He’s the headmaster.”
“I mean, is he in his office?”
“No.  And that’s not what you asked.  You asked if he was around and I told you.”
“So neither of them is around?”
“They’re always around.”
Devony rolled her eyes, trying to remain patient.  “Do you have any idea where they are?”
“I would venture that they’re in the school, young lady.”
“Can you page Micah and tell him to come to the office?”
“Why would I do that?  Your father’s the mayor, not you.”
“I have to find him.”
“So go looking for him.”
“Can’t you please just call?”
“I’m sure that the headmaster wouldn’t like it,” the secretary explained, tugging on her hard-working belt as it strained to control her midsection.
“I’m not asking much.  Please, just page him that the school president needs to speak with him.”
“Does he?”
“Yes.”
“So why isn’t he making the request?”
“I…I don’t know,” Devony said, rubbing her hands together then suddenly starting to root through her purse.  “My ring,” she whispered, digging at the bottom.  “I can’t find my ring.”
“What ring?” the plump woman asked.
“My ring from Orion!”
“Who?”
“My boyf— Oh never mind!  I had a ring in my purse and it’s not there.”
“Then I guess you have something else to look for,” the woman said and closed the door.
“W-wait!” Devony said, knocking on the door.  She heard it lock.  “You old hag,” she muttered, walking away.  She had just leaned against a locker to think when she caught a familiar face coming towards her.  “Oh, Ellie!  Thank God!”
“What’s going on?”
“Have you seen my ring?”
“I haven’t,” Ellie said, pretending to look at her friend’s hand.  “Isn’t it usually on your finger?”
“It is.  I took it off for class and then I forgot to put it back on,” Devony went on, still digging around.  “I can’t think of a worse time to misplace it.”
“You think he’ll be mad?”
“How could he not be?”
“Orion’s pretty reasonable,” Ellie said.  “I’m sure he’ll forgive you…look, there he is!  Just tell him now.”
“I…I can’t bring myself to do it,” Devony whispered as he approached.  “Besides, I’m still trying to help Micah out.”
“Are you sure now’s a good time—” Ellie cut herself off, noticing how upset Orion looked.
“Orion.  Hey,” Devony said, putting on her brightest smile.  “How’s it going?  Been busy?”
“It’s a nightmare,” he grumbled.  “How are you?”
“Just…wishing this day was over,” she admitted.
“It could be worse…” he trailed off, reaching to touch her cheek with his thumb.  “Why are your cheeks so red?”
“I guess it’s just hot.”
“In the beginning of December?” Orion asked.  “Are you sure you’re not blushing?”
“I don’t have anything to blush about.”
“Huh,” Orion said, looking more closely.  “You look embarrassed.  You’re not keeping a secret, are you?”
“Of course not!  I wouldn’t keep secrets.”
He took his hand away, frowning.  “I hope not.  What are you doing here anyway?  Have you seen the headmaster?”
“I haven’t,” Devony said.  “I was looking for you.”
“What for?”
“Don’t you remember what you promised me?”
“Promised?”
“You said that you would talk to Micah about helping out with the tournament again.”
“I don’t recall saying that.”
“You did!  You promised me, Orion.”
“It’s not a good time, Dev,” he said, glancing at her hand.  “Where’s the ring I gave you?”
“Ring?”
“Don’t act stupid.  The ring.  You know what ring.  The ring I gave you at the end of the summer.”
“I took it off for a Bio lab this morning.”
“It’s after lunch.  Put it back on.”
“I…I don’t have it.”
“So how did you take it off?”
“Maybe I didn’t…I can’t remember,” Devony said, her face growing pinker.  “Maybe I forgot to put it on this morning.”
“Why wouldn’t you wear the ring?  You don’t have a reason to hide it.  Everyone in the school knows we’re together, even your father knows!  Devony, that ring means a lot to me.  If you’re embarrassed to wear it—”
“That’s not it!”
“I bet you’re embarrassed to be seen wearing it now.  Are you ashamed of me?”
“You know I’m not!”
“I bought it for you because I was proud to be with you,” he went on.  “I thought you were proud to be with me.  Maybe I was wrong.”
“You’re not wrong!  God!  It’s just a little ring—”
“Just a little ring?  Is that how you see it?”
“Of course not.  That came out wrong.  I’ll find it.”
“Does that ring mean anything to you?”
“How can you even ask me that?”
“Because you keep changing your answers,” Orion said.  “Now, did you or did you not wear it to school this morning?”
“I swear I don’t remember!”
“Liar!” Orion said.  “How can you look me in the eye and lie so openly?”
“Alright!” Devony screamed over him.  “Alright, I wore it this morning.”
“So why aren’t you wearing it now?”
“I told you, I took it off for class.”
“Then you must have it,” Orion said, holding out his hand.  “Put it on or give it to me.”
“Stop changing the subject,” Devony said.  “Are you going to let Micah help out with the tournament or not?”
“Let me see my ring.”
“You know you need help, Orion.  Look at you, you’re going crazy.”
“Give me the ring.”
“He’s always been there for you, for us—”
“Micah has nothing to do with us!  Dammit, Dev!  Let me see the damn ring!”
Devony winced at his words and backed away.  “Don’t talk to me like that,” she said in a frightened voice.  “You can talk to your friends like that, but you cannot talk to me like that!”
“Forget you, then,” Orion said, dropping his hand and walking away.
Devony leaned against the lockers again, straining to catch her breath as Ellie looked at her with pity in her eyes.
“He sounded like a crazy person just then,” she said softly.  “You okay?”
“He…he’s really stressed about the tournament.  I’ve never seen him act like that.  That ring.  God, Ellie, what if I can’t find it?  What if I really did lose it?”  She noticed Ellie look away for a moment, her eyes growing worried.  “H-have…have you seen it?” she asked her friend.
“All men are crazy,” she grumbled.  “I’m sure it’ll turn up.”
“What will turn up?” Micah asked, smiling as he and Archer appeared next to Ellie and Devony.
“It’s nothing,” Devony muttered, looking from Archer to Micah.  “Did you see Orion on the way over here?”
“He wouldn’t even look at me,” he said miserably, looking down at her.  “Dev, I thought you said that you were going to talk to him!  School’s almost over and he hasn’t said a word to me.”
“I’m trying—”
“You need to try harder,” Micah insisted.  “He won’t listen to anyone else.  If you can’t get through to him, then I might as well resign from student council myself before my dad finds out that I was drinking and fighting!”
“Can’t you just wait until after the tournament?” Devony asked wearily.  “This whole thing has made such a mess of him and he’s acting kind of weird.”
“Fracking nuts, she means,” Ellie chimed in.
“Micah, I’ve done everything I can and he’s only getting more pissed off.”
“He’d never actually get mad at you,” Micah said.  “You must not be trying hard enough.”
“She’s trying!” Ellie said, coming to her friend’s defense.  “Don’t you dare say she hasn’t.  If you saw what I just saw—”
“What happened?” Archer asked.  “Don’t tell me he yelled at you?  Was that what I heard on the way over here?”
“It…it was nothing,” Devony said.  “Look, Micah.  I’ve done all I can do.  You’re just going to have to wait until after the tournament.”
“But this is a college level tournament!  Do you have any idea how rare of an opportunity this is?  My dad’s been talking about it nonstop and gushing over how valuable the experience will be for me.  I need this, Dev.  You have to try talking to him again.”
“Was he actually angry?” Archer asked.
“You said you heard him shouting,” Ellie said.
“And he was honestly shouting at Devony?  I’ve never even seen him raise his voice before today and now he’s shouting at you?” he asked Devony.  “Do you want me to try and talk to him?”
“Could you?” Micah asked.
“I don’t just mean for you,” Archer snapped.  “I’ll see if something else is going on.  It isn’t right for him to be shouting at you.  It’s not like him.”
“No it’s not.  This stupid tournament!  Even I’m starting to get tired about the whole thing.  I just want it to be over!  The school has put entirely too much pressure on Orion.  He may be the president but he’s still only one man.”
“Let’s just hope that it’s the tournament and not something else,” Ellie said.
“Like what?”
Ellie looked over at Micah.  “Like him being jealous over something.”
“Orion has nothing to be jealous about.”
“Maybe not in your eyes, but maybe he sees something that you don’t.  Men don’t need a reason to be jealous, they’re just jealous because it’s something to do.  When a man gets bored, when he needs to take his mind off things, he gets jealous because it gives him something else to think about.”
“O…Orion isn’t like that.  He knows I’d never cheat on him.  I’m good to him.”
“I never said you weren’t.  I’m just saying that’s how men think.”
“Some men,” Archer said.  “I’d never be jealous about you.”
“Except you think I’m sleeping with the entire school behind your back,” Ellie said accusingly.  “Don’t act like I don’t know what you say.”
“Shut up,” Archer grumbled.
“Don’t start fighting, you two,” Devony said, wiping her forehead.  “If you two fight then I won’t be able to stand it.”
“We’re not fighting,” Ellie said.  “Why don’t you go find Orion and make sure he’s okay?”
“I should,” Devony said, turning away.  “Will you come with me?”
“Sure.”
“Should I come too?” Micah asked.
“No.  You just stay here and far away from Orion.  I’ll do what I can, Micah, but it doesn’t look good.”
“You have to try harder,” Micah called out, watching them go.  “You’re the only one he’ll listen to.”
“I’m not so sure about that.”

Chapter Seven

After Archer was called away on ‘treasurer business’, Micah slid his back down the lockers to the floor and buried his face in his hands.  How had all of this gone so wrong?  He needed something to take his mind off of things, and fast.  Hearing the faint sound of heels clacking across the floor, he lifted his head to see the perfect distraction.  He put on a charming smile and stood back up as a dark beauty sashayed up to him.
“Good afternoon, vice-prezzz,” the slim girl said, purring like a cat.  Micah took her in, loving everything he saw from her short denim skirt to her argyle, low-cut sweater vest.  Damn she looked better than usual today.
“What are you doing in these halls, Bentley, I mean frosh?” Micah asked.
“It’s a free country,” she said, leaning against the lockers next to him, brushing her shoulder against his.  She crossed her arms under her considerable chest.  “I haven’t seen you since the summer.  I think you’ve been hiding from me – well, that or you became a boxer,” she said, smiling playfully as she looked at his eye.
“It’s been too long, hasn’t it?  I’ve been busy with student council.”
“A whole council?  I used to be able to keep you busy all by myself,” she said.  “Don’t you think about how bored I am without you?”
“I’m sorry, Bentley.  I’ve been busy…” he trailed off as he had a sudden idea.  Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a tiny silver ring.  “Hopefully this will help you forgive me for being so forgetful?”
“Oh.  My.  God!” Bentley squealed, jumping up and down.  Taking the ring, she slid it on the ring finger of her right hand and gazed at it.  “It’s…it’s familiar.  This isn’t something you give to all of your girlfriends, is it?”
“Oh come on,” Micah said, taking her hand.  “I don’t have any girlfriends.  This ring is a gift from me to you.”
“So who else has worn it?”
“Very funny,” Micah said.
“Where’d you find it?”
“I found it in my locker—”
“You’re giving me a ring that you found?  How…romantic?”
“I still really like it.  It suits you well, Bentley.  A pretty ring for a pretty girl.”
“It’s kind of plain, isn’t it?”
“You didn’t earn a diamond yet,” Micah said.
“My birthstone’s actually a ruby,” she said, grinning.
“A ruby, eh?  Well, come on then…let’s get out of here.”
“And go where?” she asked.
“A place to earn you a ruby,” he chuckled, ducking behind a classroom door and pulling her to him.
“Seriously though,” she whispered.  “Why haven’t you called me?”
“I told you I’ve been busy,” he said.  “Now don’t waste my time.  Do you want this or not?”
Her dark cheeks flushed as she looked up at him.  “You know that I do.”
He kissed her hard, wrapping a hand around her butt.  “Let’s see you earn that gem.”

Act Four

Chapter One

As he helped set up the gym lobby, Orion couldn’t get Devony out of his head.  What was the truth about the ring and why hadn’t she been wearing it?  Had she really lost it?  He dropped the folding table he was carrying with a curse and Archer looked at him strangely.
“Tell me that you’re not still thinking about her,” he said.
“It’s not just her—”
“Dammit, you’re thinking about Micah too?”
“How can I not?  That’s all she’ll talk about now!  She probably just wants him to stay close to me so I’ll never suspect anything.  God knows I haven’t been the most attentive boyfriend.”
“Maybe they’re just kissing and haven’t done anything more?”
“Is that honestly supposed to make feel better, Archer?”
“I don’t know.  I would rather Ellie kiss some guy than have sex with him.”  He shrugged openly.  “Of course I never saved up my money and bought a ring for her.”
“What if you did?”
“I would consider it hers to give away if she wanted to, but I would also like to think Ellie wouldn’t embarrass me like that.”
“What about her reputation?  Is she able to give that away?”
“Ellie doesn’t have a good name, Orion.  You know that.  I’m just saying the ring—”
“Damn!  That stupid ring, why can’t she find it all of a sudden?”
“How would I know?”
“What if she really did give it to Micah?”
“I don’t know what to tell you.”
“If she did,” Orion muttered, shaking his head, “it’s not a good sign for either of them.”  He glanced over and saw Archer bite his lip as he set up some candy.  “What aren’t you telling me?”
“Nothing.”
“You’re hiding something,” Orion said, walking up and invading his space.
“I couldn’t just tell you.  Do you remember the last time I was honest with you?  I thought you were going to kill me!”
“Just.  Tell.  Me.”
Heaving out a large sigh, Archer met his gaze.  “I just heard a new rumor this afternoon.”
“This is high school.  There’s always going to be rumors.”
“Ahh but this one was obviously started by Micah.”
“What now?”
“If you tried to ask him about it, he’d never tell you, but let me just say that he’s up to his usual bragging.”
“About what?”
“Not only is he hooking up with Devony, but he’s also with someone else.”
“Someone else?”
“Not at the same time!” Archer said, trying to smile.  Orion did not look in the mood to laugh so he continued.  “All I’m saying is, he’s with other women.  You know, Micah, he can never keep it in his pants.  It’s in his nature to sleep around.”
“Sleep around?  Devony isn’t some girl you can just sleep around with!”
“A girl can sleep anywhere.”
“Archer, I can’t take much more,” he said, holding out his hand for him to see.  It shook wildly and he clenched his fists.  “Tell me, is there anything else?”
“Get something to drink,” Archer said coolly.
“I want you to tell me.”
“Not until you settle yourself down.  Go outside and get some fresh air.  Do you want one of Ellie’s cigarettes?”
“No.”
“Then, here,” Archer said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a slim pill bottle.  “Take one of these bad boys.  It’ll help you get through the evening.”
“I don’t take drugs.”
“It’s for anxiety,” he said.  “Take it and deal with your conscience later.  We need this night to go well.  I can’t have you acting like a raving, jealous maniac!  Take the damn pill.”
“Will it really calm me down?”
“Have I ever lied to you before?”  He dropped the pill into Orion’s waiting hand.  “Take this and get some water, okay?  You’ll feel more like yourself.  Go now.”  He watched him leave and before he disappeared out the door he tossed the pill into his mouth.  As though timing it perfectly, Micah appeared through the same door a few moments later and walked straight up to Archer.
“What’s going on?  What did you give him?”
“I told him to get some fresh air,” Archer said smoothly, going back to lining up the candy.
“I saw him take a pill.  Don’t lie to me!  Orion doesn’t take drugs, he won’t even take aspirin!  What the hell did you give him?”
“Only something to calm his nerves.  Don’t worry about it.  I snuck one into his drink a few nights ago and he never noticed.”
“That’s dangerous!” Micah said, worry crossing his features.  “You shouldn’t give him medication that wasn’t prescribed to him.  There might be side effects.”
“So what?  It’ll be good for him to keep a clear mind.  Now unless you’re planning to stir him up some more, you should probably get out of here before he comes back.”  He glanced over his shoulder.  “You see that?  He’s coming.  Get the hell out of here before you cause more trouble.”
“I need to talk to him.”
“And that’s what I’m supposed to talk to you about!” Archer hissed, shoving him away.
“Orion wants you to talk to me?”
“Yes, now leave.”
“I’m going, I’m going,” he said, leaving through a different door.
“Are you alright?” Archer asked as Orion returned moments later.  “Your eyes are red.”
“Leave me alone.”
“I hope you weren’t crying out there,” Archer said, rolling his eyes.  “Crying over a girl who’s cheating on you?  Have some respect for yourself.”
“Is she really a girl if she’s sleeping around?”
“If that were true, there would hardly be any girls in this school.”
“I thought I saw Micah creeping around.  I hope he admitted he’s sleeping with Dev.”
“Just like that?” Archer asked, looking incredulous.  “Wouldn’t that be wonderful?  Do you really think  he’s going to admit it when you’re acting like this?  Micah’s been sleeping around with other men’s women since middle school.  He knows the game and he knows how not to get caught.”
“So why would he brag?”
“Because he trusts me, and he wants people to know that he made an ass out of you.”
“So how will I ever get proof that he’s really sleeping with her?”
“I told him to come back to talk to me,” Archer said.  “He thinks that I’m talking to you about him helping out tonight—”
“As if I’d have him here.”
“Exactly.  But he doesn’t need to know that.  I told him you were considering it and he wants to hear what I have to say.  Go hide in the gym, I’ll tell him that you’re grabbing things from the wrestling room and bait him into telling me what’s going on.  You can hear him say it.”
“Good.”
“But, Orion.”
“What?”
“You have to stay calm.  If you run out and start beating him up, you could lose everything at this school.  The Headmaster will expel you for fighting.  They’ll call your parents.”
“Fine.  I’ll do as you ask, but just know, if he admits to sleeping with Dev…I don’t know what will happen.”
“The meds will kick in before you figure it out,” Archer said.  “Go now and hide in the bleachers and I’ll bring Micah in the gym.  And keep your damn mouth shut so he doesn’t know you’re around!”

Chapter Two

Archer beamed as he watched Orion disappear into the gym.
Now all I have to do is talk about that skank, Bentley, he thought to himself as he watched Micah cautiously walk back through the lobby.  She and Micah had been hooking up all summer but Micah didn’t want anyone to know about it because the girl was trash.  Micah knew the girl was skanky but he didn’t care because she was easy.  It would be cake to get him to laugh about her.
“He’ll have no idea what’s going on,” Archer said.
“Who won’t?” Micah asked.  “Where’s Orion?”
“Cleaning out the wrestling room to set up for another concession stand,” Archer said.  “Let’s talk in the gym so no one can listen.”  Micah followed him closely, looking around.  Archer saw that the gym looked empty.  “Are you still talking to Devony about helping out tonight?”
“She says that there’s nothing she can do,” Micah said, frowning.
Archer moved close to him and spoke in an undertone.  “Oh, but I bet if Bentley could help you, you’d be already be helping us out!”  He nudged him in the ribs with his elbow.
“Oh her?” Micah asked, laughing.  “That girl will do anything!”  From his hiding spot, Orion caught the hearty sounds of Micah’s laughter filling the gym and he narrowed his eyes.
“I can’t believe how much she likes you.  She could have anyone!”
“I know, it’s a shame, isn’t it?  But I can’t help myself, I want what I want.”
“I bet you do.  You always have,” Archer said, elbowing him again.  “She told me about how you two hooked up in the chemistry lab today.”
“It’s never enough with her!”
“Are you going to go public with her?”
“Public?  With her?  Could you imagine my father’s face?  He would throw up all over his office!”
“I’m telling you, your father would probably love the match.”
“My father’s pickier than you know,” Micah said.  “She wanted me all summer.  I couldn’t keep her away from me!”
“All summer?” Archer repeated loudly.  “Damn, that long?”
“Before that, I think.  You know how she is.  She can’t keep her legs closed.  I wouldn’t be surprised if she tried to go public about us.  She’s a liar though, all those girls are.”
“Girls like her are only after one thing.”
“Well she can have it from me, so long as it’s private.”
“Did anyone see you sneak into the lab this afternoon?” Archer asked.
“No.  She pulled me in and started having her way with me,” Micah chuckled.  “She’s always hanging around me and trying to get my attention.  She’s feisty, that’s for sure.”
“Are you going to sneak her back into your house?”
“Come on, Archer, you know I will.  I have needs.”
“But you won’t date her, huh?”
“I don’t date girls like that.”
“Shhh…” Archer warned.  “Isn’t that her?” he whispered as Bentley entered the gym.
“I could smell her coming in with that cheap perfume she’s always wearing,” Micah said, putting on a show for Archer.  “What do you want now?”
“You slime!” Bentley hissed at him in a low voice, throwing a small metal object at his chest.  “I knew you gave this ring to another girl!  I must have been out of my mind to think that you’ve changed!  You said you found it in your locker, you scum!  I bet half the school’s worn this ring.  I won’t wear it!  We’re done.”
“Bentley?” Micah asked, scrambling to scoop up the ring.  “What the hell are you talking about?  I gave this ring as a gift to you.”
“My ring!” Orion breathed, watching the scene.
“It’s got a date on the inside from before I even knew you, you idiot!  I don’t want your secondhand gifts!  Never talk to me again,” she shouted, spinning on her high wedges and storming out of the gym.
“Go after her,” Archer said, nudging him forward.
“Are you sure?”
“She’ll make a scene if you don’t.  Take her back to your house and give her something good.”
“What about what you wanted to talk to me about?  What about Orion?”
“Don’t waste time.  Hurry up before she gets away.  If you don’t calm her down she might smash your windshield or something.”
Micah looked hesitant but within a few seconds he had turned away and was running after Bentley.  Once he was gone, Orion stepped out from behind the bleachers.  His eyes were red and his hands were beginning to twitch.
“Did you hear everything?” Archer asked.
“Every word.”
“Did you hear how long they’ve been together?”
“Yes.  And the ring!” Orion shouted.  “She threw that ring at Micah as though it was nothing more than trash!  How dare she?  The school tramp was wearing my gift to Dev.”
“Are you sure it was yours?”
“I’m as positive as I can be.  The same ring I gave to Dev, he gave to her.  Archer…I don’t think the medicine is working.”
“Give it time.”
“I can’t wait for it to kick in!  If I don’t do something about this, I’ll go crazy!  Give me another.”
“Another what?”
“Another pill!  It must not be working right.”
“I think one’s enough.”
“If you don’t give me another pill, I’ll drive right up to Devony’s house and rip her throat open with my bare hands.”
“That’s the drugs talking, you idiot.  You don’t mean that,” Archer said, taking out his pill bottle and breaking a pill in half.  “How about this?”
“Give me the whole thing!” Orion shouted, marching over and snatching both halves up.  He threw them both down into the back of his throat without water and swallowed deeply.  “I hate her!  I hate her for what she’s done to me!  How could she sleep with Micah?  How could Micah betray me like this and then brag about it?”
“Don’t be mad with Micah.  He’s only a man.”
“A dead man.”
“Let the medicine relax you,” Archer said.  “Please, you’re talking as though you’d really do these things.”
“I will!”
“Just have an open relationship.  Those can work.”
“I’m not giving her permission to sleep around!”
“Then you have to let her go.”
“She cheated on me with the guy I thought was my best friend.”
“That does make things worse,” Archer conceded.
“There’s a gun at my apartment,” Orion said, his light brown eyes wide and bloodshot.  “I’ll kill her.”
“You’re not going to shoot anyone,” Archer said.  “You can’t kill her.  Women cheat.  It’s in their nature.”
“Not a woman who I’m with.  That’s not happening.”
“You’re joking, right?  You’re not really going to kill her?”
“Do I look like I’m kidding?”
“N-no,” Archer said, looking him over.  For the first time, he truly looked dangerous.  He had mentioned that his family had moved to America for a reason.  His lips couldn’t find the courage to ask why.  “You need to calm down.  People are starting to arrive.  Do you feel better?”
“I feel…dizzy,” he said, blinking at the door to the gym.  “Who’s here?”
“It looks like the head of the student body over at the local college,” Archer said, turning his head to get a better look.  “That’s Lucas, alright.  He must be here to see how things are going.”
“I don’t have time to talk to him.”
“Devony’s with him,” he said carefully.
“Then I’ll—”
“You won’t do anything rash,” Archer said.  “Calm down and put your game face on.  Let’s keep it together.”
“That’s easy for you to say.  Your girlfriend isn’t cheating on you.”

Chapter Three

“This looks amazing!” Lucas said as he looked over the front of the school building.  “You guys really brought this all together.”
“Thanks,” Orion said gruffly.
“There are just a few things,” Lucas went on, digging in his pocket and handing Orion a piece of paper.  “Just make sure that you take care of this before teams start arriving.”
“Whatever.”
“Are…are you alright, Orion?” Lucas asked, looking him over.  “You don’t look so hot.  Are you ill?”
“So what’s going on?” Devony asked Lucas, trying to keep things light.  “Are things over at the college set up?”
“As well as they can be.  You know I run a tight ship.”
“That’s what makes you a great president,” Archer said.
“Where’s Micah?”
“He’s around,” Archer said.
“He’s alive,” Orion muttered.
“Huh?  What’d you say?”
“Oh it’s nothing!” Devony said, smiling.  “Micah and Orion just had a little fight but it’s all getting worked out.”
“Is that so?” Orion asked.
“What?”
“Do you even know why we’re fighting?” Orion challenged.
“I know I don’t,” Lucas said, frowning.  “Is there something going on I should know about?”
“It’s just a small fight,” Devony said.  “I’m trying to help them work things out.  Micah means so much to me.”
“I’m sure he does.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Devony asked.
“Nothing.”
“Did I say something wrong?”
“On a night like this, we’re all on edge,” Lucas said, watching beads of sweat roll down Orion’s face.  “Orion, do you want to go home and take a shower?”
“Why?  I’m clean.  What about you, Dev?”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Are you a clean girl or a dirty girl?” Orion asked.  “Do you even bathe alone?”
“Orion!” Devony sputtered out with a red face.  “What the hell are you talking about?”
“I’ve heard word that Micah’s going to run for replacement editor-in-chief for the newspaper for the remainder of the school year,” Lucas said, trying to change the subject.
“That’s great,” Devony said.
“I bet you think it’s great,” Orion muttered again.
“Orion?”
“Micah’s just so perfect, isn’t he?  I’ll have to ask him what it feels like to have the mayor’s daughter backing his every move.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Don’t talk to me like I’m a moron, you know what I’m talking about.”
“I know you’re being crazy.”
“I know you’re acting like a bitch,” Orion said.  When the words came out, Devony looked like she had been slapped.
“W-why would you say that?  I haven’t done anything!”
“Indeed,” Lucas said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders.  “Why are you acting like such an ass, Orion?  You’ll make her cry.”
“So let her cry,” Orion said.  “I bet you like that, don’t you, Dev?  Another man touching you?  Who hasn’t touched you lately?”
“I don’t have to listen to this,” Devony said, pulling away.  “I’m going home to get ready and I hope you’re in a better mood when I get back.”
“No, Dev, don’t go,” Lucas said, taking a step towards her.  “Orion, apologize to her.”
“Like hell I will.  If anything I’ve been too kind.  She deserves it.”
“What have I done?”
“Do you want to sleep with her?” Orion asked Lucas.
“Are you actually asking me that?” Lucas asked, his hazel eyes growing wide.  “Are you kidding?”
“I’m not kidding.  She’ll sleep with anything, just ask around.”  He pointed a finger at Devony.  “You’re a cheater and a liar and I can’t believe I ever trusted you.  Get out of my face before I do something I’ll regret.  As for Micah, he doesn’t need to work for the paper because he can replace me as president!  I’m done!” he shouted, throwing up his hands and storming out.
“What…what the hell just happened?” Lucas asked.  “Is he sick or something?  He looks like he hasn’t slept in days with those bloodshot eyes.”
“I think the pressure of being a student body president has finally got to him,” Archer said as sympathetically as he could.  “I mean how many people were at his old school?  Ten?  Twenty?”
“Don’t be ignorant,” Lucas said.  “He’s acting like there’s something wrong with him.  I hope he’s not drinking energy drinks to stay awake.  Those things plus no sleep will mess you up, big time.”
“I don’t know what he’s taking to help him deal with things, but that’s how he’s been lately,” Archer said.
“Calling his girlfriend a bitch?  That’s new to me.”
Archer shrugged.  “So he overreacted.  I’m sure he’ll apologize for it later and show up with a dozen roses.”
“Does he talk to her like that all the time?”
“That’s their business,” Archer said vaguely.  “I don’t pry.  Just stick around if you’re curious.  Despite what he said earlier, Orion will come back for the tournament.  He’s not about to make the school look bad.  Just watch him and make your own decisions.”
“He seemed so calm before.  Do you really think he’s on something?”
“People can change,” Archer said.

Chapter Four

“Tell me if you’ve ever seen anything, Ellie,” Orion insisted.
“Orion, I swear I never saw anything!  You’re acting irrational, you know that?  Look at you!  You’re sweating like crazy!”
“Never mind how I look,” Orion said, wiping his forehead.  He was surprised at the amount of perspiration that came off his head but he tried to concentrate.  Everything was so blurry!  Why couldn’t he focus?  “You’ve seen the two of them together.  I saw him sneaking out of the library.”
“They weren’t doing anything wrong.  I was there the whole time and I know for a fact that they’re nothing more than friends!  Most of the time they talk about you.”
“Did they ever ask you to give them some privacy?”
“Of course not!”
“Did they ever whisper?”
“I heard every word.”
“I…I have a hard time believing that,” Orion said as he paced around the parking lot.  More and more cars were starting to show up but he ignored them, focusing only on Ellie as she continued to puff away in the lot.  “You’re probably covering for her.”
“I have no need to cover for her.  Devony’s always been good and for some reason she’s always been faithful to you.  But given the way you’re acting, I don’t really know why she’s wasting her time.  Micah’s never done anything to her and Devony’s been nothing more than a good friend to him.”
“Has Devony left yet?”
“No, she’s waiting for me.  Honestly, I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for Archer talking me into it.  I don’t think Devony should have anything to do with you until this tournament’s over.”
“I didn’t ask your opinion.”
“Well maybe you should hear it!” Ellie shouted.  “Don’t you realize what you’re doing?  You’re taking something pure and shitting all over it!  I mean what’s wrong with you?”
“I’m only making sure.  Devony lied to her father, there’s no reason that she wouldn’t be able to lie to anyone else.”
“You’re still on about that?” Ellie said, turning away.  “Get over it!  She was lying for you!”
“She was lying because she was embarrassed!  The same way she was embarrassed about the ‘little ring’ I gave her!  I’m not good enough for her.”
“With the way you’re acting, you never will be.”
“Stop!” Devony’s voice pierced the air.  Both Ellie and Orion looked in her direction as she marched across the lot and stopped a dozen feet away from Orion.  “I can hear you guys shouting from the deck.  You’re both making asses of yourselves.  Orion, if you have a problem with me, say it to my face.”
“Come over here.”
“I think I’ll keep my distance.”
“And why’s that?”
“You look like you’d punch your mother if she pissed you off enough.”
“Only if she was a whore,” Orion said, wiping more sweat away.  “Come here, I can’t see you.”
“I’m close enough.”
“Everything’s blurry.  Please.  Come here, Devony.  You know I’d never hurt you.”
“Maybe not with your hands, but your words hurt.”  She took a hesitant step towards him.  “W-what…what do you want, Orion?  What have you heard about me that’s making you act like this?”
“Leave us alone,” Orion said to Ellie.  “I’m not going to hurt her.”
“Is that okay?” Ellie asked Devony.  “I won’t go unless you feel safe.”
“I’m fine,” she said in a low voice.  “Please go.”  She felt nervous as she watched Ellie turn and walk away back towards the building, but she held her ground as Orion came close.  His eyes had a funny look to them and he seemed as though he was struggling to breathe.  What was wrong with him?  She came closer to him as he requested, staring up at the man who seemed to be a stranger to her now.  “Orion, please,” she croaked out.  “I don’t know what’s going on with you, but you have to talk to me.”
“Why should I have to explain it?  You know what you did.”
“No I don’t. Seriously Orion, I don’t know why you’re suddenly so convinced I’m cheating on you.  Are you crazy?  I’ve been loyal to you since the first time we went out for coffee.  There’s no one else.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“You should believe me!  I’ve never even looked at another guy!”
“You’re always looking!”
“At who?  What the hell are you talking about?  Who am I looking at?”
“How can you lie like that?” Orion asked, stepping forward.  He grabbed her shoulders and shook her violently, rocking her auburn hair around her face.  Her eyes remained calm, but Orion could feel her trembling in his hands.  “How can you honestly look at me and lie?”
“I’m not lying!”
“You are!”
“I swear, Orion!  I’m not lying!  There’s no one else.”
Orion shoved her several feet away from him, leaving her to stagger around to regain her footing.  “Get the hell out of my face.”
“Just like that?” she said, the tears welling up in her eyes.  “After everything we’ve been through, you’re going to toss me away?  Orion, what’s wrong with you?”
“Everyone’s laughing at me,” he muttered.
“Why would they?”
“Because you’ve made a fool of me!  You and that traitor are sneaking around behind my back and laughing at me.  Everyone knows you are.”
“No one would say that!  Talk to Ellie!  She’ll tell you!  Hell, you can talk to my damn dad if this is bothering you so much!”
“I wouldn’t give that man the time of day after the way he treated me.”
“He’s always treated you kindly!”
“As long as I wasn’t with you.”
“Orion…please,” Devony said, tears streaking down her freckled cheeks.  “What have I done to you?”
“You’ve cheated on me!  You’re nothing more than a whore.”
“You’re wrong!  I never cheated on you!  I swear to God, I haven’t!”
“You’re still lying.  I’ve done everything for you, and this is what I get?  A piece of trash that’ll sleep with anything?”
“I’m not a whore.”
“You seem so convinced.”
“That’s because it’s true.  I’m not.”
His eyes narrowed.  “You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Of course I’m being serious!”
“Oh, well forgive me,” Orion said bitterly.  “I must have mistaken you for the other red-headed junior who’s sleeping around—”
“That’s enough,” Ellie interrupted loudly as she walked back towards them.  “I thought you were going to be reasonable but it’s obvious you’re still out to humiliate her.  Get out of here.”
“With pleasure,” Orion said, turning away and walking back towards the school.
Ellie frowned, looking over at her friend as she rushed to her side and wrapped her in a hug.  “What happened?” she asked, looking at Devony’s face with her mascara running down her cheeks.
“I’m not a whore,” she said in an upset tone.
“Something’s seriously wrong with him right now,” Ellie said, watching him storm away unsteadily.  “Your boyfriend’s acting like a total nut job.”
“That guy is not my boyfriend.”
“I don’t blame you if you don’t forgive him, but he’s still your boyfriend.  You’re going to have to break up with him if you want a clean slate.”
Devony jerked from her arms.  “I don’t have to do a damn thing.  That guy there…he’s not my boyfriend.  That’s not Orion.  He’s convinced himself of what isn’t true and not even God himself could change his mind.”
“So what do you want to do now?”
“I should probably go home and get cleaned up.  Despite everything else, I still have to help out with this stupid tournament.”
“Do you need a ride?”
“I think I’ll just walk.  I need some fresh air.  I should probably go pick up my coat.”
“I’ll walk with you down to the main street when you’re done,” she said, staying close to her side.
“Where could he have heard all those terrible things?” Devony muttered.
“Is he still upset?” Archer asked, appearing suddenly from between a row of cars.
“He won’t listen to me,” Devony said.  “I don’t think our relationship can be saved.”
“Why?  What happened?  He seemed a lot calmer before.”
“He called her a whore,” Ellie said, pulling her closer.  “I don’t blame her for wanting to end things.  No one deserves to be treated the way he’s treating her.”
“Am I really a whore?” Devony asked Archer.
“Not that I know of,” Archer said.
“Is this really the time to be joking?” Ellie asked.  “In the past few hours he’s called her a whore, a bitch, and pretty much everything else.”
“Why’s he acting like this?”
“I don’t know, Archer.  I really don’t,” Devony said, the tears building up again.
“Dev!” Archer exclaimed, rushing up to her other side.  “Dev, don’t cry.  I’m sure he didn’t mean it.”
“He meant every horrible word,” Ellie said.  “All the good guys in this school, and she’s dating one who’s calling her a whore.”
“I didn’t think he was capable of being so mean.”
“Where did he even get such a terrible idea?  Who’s spreading rumors about you?”
“I don’t know,” Devony mumbled.
“Well whoever it is, we’ll figure it out,” Ellie said.  “It’s probably just some asshole with nothing better to do with his time.”
“People don’t spread rumors like that simply because they’re bored,” Archer said in a low voice.
“I hope not,” Devony said, shaking her head.  “Who would do such a thing?”
“I’ll say,” Ellie said.  “I still don’t get where they got the idea of saying you’re cheating on him.  You barely talk to any guys!  I almost feel bad for Orion for being tricked like this.  Whoever’s doing this may not only be bored, but jealous.”
“Why would anyone be jealous of him?” Archer asked.
“I keep telling you, people get jealous,” Ellie said.  “Ugh, if I saw the person responsible for this, I’d either kick their ass or have you do it for me, Archer.”
“Lower your voice,” Archer said.  “People are looking at us.”
“Screw you, Archer.  I’ll talk as loud as I want.  I bet whoever’s spreading rumors is the same person who convinced you that I was sleeping with Orion last year.”
“Shut the hell up.”
“No arguing,” Devony said.  “I can’t take any more of it.  Archer, what am I going to do?  Do I even want him back at this point?  Is it even worth it?”
“Love’s always worth it,” Archer said.  “I’m telling you, he’s just in a bad place right now.  He’s taking out his anger on you because he doesn’t know any other way.  I bet his father treats his mother the same way.”
“What a thing to say!” Ellie said.
“I told you to shut up,” Archer said.  “This’ll pass, Dev.”
“I don’t think it will.”
“It will pass,” he repeated, kissing the top of her head.  “Now go home.  Get ready for the tournament and make sure you have a big smile on your face.  No more crying, you don’t want frown lines,” he said half-joking.
“And me?” Ellie asked, standing next to her car.
“Do whatever you want,” Archer said carelessly, turning back towards the school.  “I have to take care of a few things.”
“You’re a good friend, Archer,” Devony sniffled.  “Thank you.”
“Go home,” he said, waving.  “Feel better.”
“I’ll try my best.”

Chapter Five

“I can’t take much more of this.”
“What the hell are you talking about, Roderick?  You haven’t had to do anything lately,” Archer said as he mopped the old gym floors.  “I’m the one doing all the damn work.”
“Yes, you’re doing all the work, but I’m paying for that work and I’m being shut out.  I don’t even know how you’re spending my money,” Roderick said.  “You said I could talk to Devony once Micah was out of the way, but later you told me not to bother.  I’m sick of waiting around, Archer.  I’ve been patient, very patient with you but I don’t see where this is all going.”
“Will you calm down?  I told you to be patient and that’s what I meant.  Does the word patience mean something else to you?”
“I’m starting to doubt that you’re trying to help me.”
“And?”
“I think you’re trying to help yourself.”
“What would I gain from helping you in the process?”
“Money, maybe.  I don’t know,” Roderick said, watching him mop.  “But I don’t trust you right now.”
“You have absolutely no reason not to trust me.  Roderick, I’m doing this all for you.”
“And what have I got to show for it?  I’ve been calling her house and her father still won’t let me talk to her.  She’s always with you, or your girlfriend, or Micah, or Orion and I can’t get anywhere near her.  You keep talking and talking and talking but nothing’s happening!”
“What do you want me to say?  I told you this would take time,” Archer said, shrugging him off.  “But if you don’t want to trust me, I guess I can understand that.”
“So I shouldn’t trust you?”
“Personally, I don’t trust anyone,” Archer said, scrubbing hard at a stain on the floor.
“Is that a fact?”
“Yes.  That’s a fact.”
“Well then, maybe I’m going to start listening to your words after all,” he said reaching into his pocket as Archer’s back remained turned.
“Do what you want,” Archer sighed.
“Turn around and look at me,” he said as a soft click was heard.
“What is it now…” he trailed off, noticing that Roderick was holding a switchblade in his hand.  “What are you doing with that?”
“I’m going to tell Devony how I feel about her,” Roderick said calmly.  “If she says that she’s not interested then I’ll leave her alone.”
“So…what are you going to do with that?” Archer asked, eyeing up the switchblade.
“This is my warning to you,” Roderick said.
“Consider me warned,” he said, taking a hesitant step backwards.  Realizing that he was alone in the gym, he dropped the mop and held up his hands.  “You’ve made your point.”
“What’s wrong?” he taunted, jutting the blade towards him.  “Nothing witty to say?  None of your cockiness?  What a shame.”
“I said you’ve made your damn point.  I can see you’re being serious.  Put that away.  I understand you’re upset, but you have to understand I really have done everything I can to try and help you.”
“So then you must understand how I don’t see it that way.”
“Put that away before someone sees it.  First suicide jokes and now you’re pulling a knife on me?  Roderick, please.”
“I’m desperate,” he said.  “I’m a very desperate man.  If you give me back the money you’ve stolen, then I’ll leave you alone.”  Archer kept his hands up as Roderick advanced, backing him into the nearest wall.  He pressed the blade against his throat and Archer gasped heavily.  “What do you have to say about that?”
“I can’t give you the money back.”
“Why not?”
“That money is engaged in my plan.  You have to at least let me finish my work before I can even think of giving you a refund.”
“What’s the plan?” Roderick growled, pressing the blade against his skin.  Archer’s sweat dripped onto the blade and wet his hand.  “What are you going to do now?”
“Capetown quit being president earlier.  After the tournament, he’s done.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“So that means that Micah will be president.”
“What does that have to do with me?  All I’m hearing is that Orion will have more time to spend with Devony.”
“No…that’s not it.  You know her father – he’ll never approve of her continuing to date Capetown if he’s nothing more than a bum.  Plus, I heard that they had quite the blow-up in public earlier.  No, this means that she’ll start paying attention to Micah again.”
“So what then?  What happens to Micah?”
“We need to get rid of him.”
“Get rid of him?  What the hell are you talking about?”
“Says the man with a knife at my throat.  Instead of pointing that blade at me, you may want to focus on him before he has a chance to sink his claws into Devony.”
“So let me get this straight,” Roderick said, relaxing slightly.  “You want me to hurt Micah so Devony doesn’t go after him?”
“Y-yes,” Archer said, heaving a shuddering sigh as he felt the sharp steel leave his neck.  “I’ll help you.”
“You’re actually going to help?  You’re going to do something?”
“This is the final step of the plan.  He’s at his house with Bentley.  I think if we surprise him, we can take him out.”
“Take him out?  Are you implying what I think you are?”
“I thought you said you were desperate.  Are you taking back your words?”
Roderick suddenly raised the blade to his neck again.  “I am desperate.  I’ve waited for too long for that girl.  If you’re going to help me, then you’re going to be the one who does the dirty work.”
“If…if that’s what you want.”
“It is,” Roderick said, motioning towards the exit.  “Let’s go, then.  I won’t waste another moment.”

Chapter Six

“It looks like she came back,” Lucas said as Devony and Ellie walked back into the school.
“I should talk to her,” Orion said, outwardly more calm than before.  He still couldn’t see properly and his body was hot he but felt more in control than he had.
“Maybe that’s not such a good idea,” Lucas said.  “You were pretty nasty to her earlier.”
“She’ll forgive me,” Orion said.  “I’m going to apologize.”
“For what?”
“For what I said to her earlier, what else?”
“Are you sure that’s the only thing you have to apologize to her about?” Lucas asked carefully.
“What else is there?”
“Well Archer told me that—”
“Oh, nevermind,” Orion said.  “It’s not important.  Devony, come over here.”
“What do you want?” she asked, keeping her distance.
“I want to talk to you.”
“We don’t have anything to talk about,” she said, crossing her arms.
“Yes.  We do,” Orion said, reaching out and grabbing her arm.  “I want to speak with you in private.  There’s something I want to say to you.”
“I’m not going anywhere with you.”
“How about the gym?”
“No.”
“One of the classrooms?”
“No.”
“Please, Devony.  I have to talk to you.  I won’t leave you alone until I do.”  He tried to smile at her, begging with his eyes as he felt her walls coming down.  He just needed to talk to her for a few moments.  “I’m sorry…I really am, Devony, but I have some very important things to say to you.  Is your father at home?”
“He had to take care of some things,” she said.
“Please…Dev.  This is me you’re talking to.  Let’s go somewhere we can talk in private.”
“O…I—”
“Please, Devony.  Don’t make me beg.”
“We…we can go back to my dad’s house, but not for too long because we have to be back in time.”
“Yes!  Thank you, Devony!  Thank you so much!” Orion said, leaning down and kissing her on the cheek.  “You won’t regret this.  Let me just make sure that everyone knows I’m heading out.  And you,” he said, pointing at Ellie.  “You’re not coming.”  Before Ellie had a chance to respond, Orion grabbed Lucas by the arm and dragged him away.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Ellie asked.
“He seems a lot better, doesn’t he?” Devony said.  “Less angry.”
“I’m not saying he doesn’t, but with everything he said to you earlier, are you sure you feel safe with him?”
“Why wouldn’t I feel safe?  He’s my boyfriend.”
“Just a few moments ago you were saying it was over.”
“I said that man earlier wasn’t my boyfriend.  That man…is.  I don’t mind being alone with him now.”
“You really want to be alone with him?”
“That’s what I said.  Ellie, you heard him.  He said he’s sorry and I believe him.  Lucas must have calmed down whatever panic he was in earlier.  Frankly, I’m surprised you care.  With the way you let Archer talk to you, I thought you’d be happy.”
“Archer’s kidding around.  I don’t get the same feeling from Orion.”
“I’m going to talk to him.”
“I wish you two never met.  I don’t like him.”
“He’s not yours to like.  I love him, Ellie.  You’ve always known that and I’ve never been secretive about my feelings for him.”
“Even when he treats you like this?”
“It’s the tournament.  You heard what Archer said.  He’s in a bad mood.  He said this would pass and it looks like it’s already starting to.”
“I want you to call me if there are any problems.”
“There won’t be.  He wants to apologize.”
“What if he doesn’t?”
“He said he did.”
“Men lie.  It wouldn’t be the first time.”
“Then I’ll listen to him patiently and try to understand.”
“Listen to you!” Ellie said, grabbing her shoulders.  “Are you kidding?  You don’t want to try and understand a man like that!  Why would you want someone who treats you like this?  Don’t be one of those girls, Dev.”
“What kind of girls?”
“One of those girls who always forgives her man, no matter what.  Please don’t be long and call me if there’s anything wrong.”
“It’ll be fine.  You’re just being dramatic.”
“I don’t think I am.  I didn’t like the look in his eyes.  He looked like he would kill someone for looking at him the wrong way.”
“He’s fine.  By the way…did you see Lucas?  He’s looking good.”
“I’m not interested.  I have a boyfriend.”
“You deserve a better one.”
“So do you, Dev.  You really do.  Maybe you should be the one to ask out Lucas.”
“Never.  I’m with Orion and I want to stay that way.  And I’m not turning into one of those girls.  Orion’s never hit me, and he’s never hurt me, even accidentally.  He’s hardly laid his hands on me.”
“Hardly?” Ellie scoffed.  “Abuse always starts somewhere.”
“You’re being paranoid,” Devony said.  “He wouldn’t hurt me.  He can’t stand to see me cry.”
“Are you sure that version of Orion exists anymore?  I don’t see him and haven’t for the past few days.”
“You’re exaggerating.  He seems reasonable again.  Before the tournament starts, I’ll be sure that he knows I would never cheat on him.  I never have and I never will.  Can you imagine such a thing?”
“You wouldn’t be the first.  What if Orion grew up seeing a lot of men cheating on their wives – maybe he assumes that any woman can cheat on her man.”
“You wouldn’t do anything like that, would you Ellie?”
“If the right man came along.”
“You’d cheat on Archer?”
“I thought you didn’t trust him.”
“I trust him, but I just don’t like the way he talks to you, joking or not.  I still wouldn’t want you to cheat on him.”
“I would, though.  He’d deserve it.  He accuses me of it often enough.”
“I don’t think you could do that.  Not even to him.”
“I could,” Ellie said strongly.  “I wouldn’t do it for money, or even on a dare, but I would do it if I felt a real connection.  I love Archer but I don’t believe he’s the best guy out there for me.  I think there’s someone out there who’s perfect for me, so why would I pass that up to stay with him?”
“You could break up with him first.”
“I’d want to know if the connection was real before I lost Archer.”
“I could never do that.”
“That’s because you’re a goody-goody.  And that’s fine.  I’m just saying what I would do.  If I cheated on Archer it would be because I thought something better was out there, not because I was bored.  I’d only risk my relationship with him if I knew there was something better for me.  Otherwise it wouldn’t be worth it.  You know how Archer gets!  He thinks I’m sleeping with the whole male student body!  He doesn’t care about how I feel when he spreads rumors and accuses me.  I put up with him because he’s the best one for me right now.”
“He shouldn’t do that to you.”
“No.  He shouldn’t, but in a sick way it shows that he cares.  He cares enough about me being with other men that he spreads rumors.”
“That’s a sick way of thinking about it.”
“Archer is sick sometimes, but that’s why I love him.  Plus, he’s amazing in bed.”
“I don’t want to hear about that!”
“He’s my weakness, Dev.”
“And Orion’s mine,” she said.
“Is he really your weakness, though?  He won’t have sex with you until you’re married, doesn’t that bother you?  Don’t you want to be lusted after?  Don’t you want a man who feels things?”
“He feels something, otherwise he wouldn’t be acting like this.  Ellie, you’re talking in circles.  Why are you allowed to be turned on by Archer’s jealousy but I’m not?”
“Archer’s jealousy is harmless, he wouldn’t hurt me.”
“And Orion would never hurt me.  You just don’t like him because he’s—”
“Don’t say it.  You know I don’t care about that.”
“So what’s your problem?”
“I just don’t want to see you get hurt.”
“And I won’t,” she said.  “I’m going to take Orion back to my house and by the time we come back this will all be sorted out.  You’ll see, Ellie.  Deep down, Orion knows I would never do anything to hurt him, so I all I have to do is remind him of that.”
“Be careful,” Ellie warned.
“I’ll see you tonight.  You should really talk to Lucas.”
“So should you!” she called out, quickly covering her mouth as Orion came out from the school and started to follow her.  She didn’t like the way he looked at her.  There was something wrong with his eyes.  She pinched the bridge of her nose.  “Orion’s reasonable,” she tried to reassure herself.  “He’ll listen to what she has to say.”

Act Five

Chapter One

The short trip to Micah’s house had taught Archer a valuable lesson – Roderick did not drink often and had no tolerance.  One of his special cocktails had been more than enough.  The poor guy swayed back and forth as they stood in the bushes next to the pool house where Micah was ‘discreetly’ hooking up with Bentley, the loud moans filling the air causing Archer to scrunch up his nose with distaste.
“What the hell was in that drink?” Roderick slurred, shaking his head.
“Liquid courage.  Now stand here,” Archer instructed patiently.  “He’s in there now.   You can hear him and that girl.  Don’t put your knife away because you’ll need to be quick.  When he comes out the door, you stab him.  Don’t waste time thinking about where to hit him, just jab wherever you can.”
“I thought I said I wasn’t killing him.”
“And you won’t,” Archer said.  “You’re just going to poke him a few times.  We’re sending a message.”  As he started to walk away Roderick reached out and grabbed a fistful of his shirt, pulling him back.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Roderick said.  “You need to stay here like you promised.”
He cleared his throat loudly.  “Y-yes…I’m right here.  I’m right beside you.”  Suddenly he realized that the night was silent again.  “They’re finishing up.  It’s about damn time.  Hold up your blade!” he hissed.
“I don’t want to hurt anyone,” Roderick said incoherently.
“He’s given you plenty of reasons.”
“I’m still not going to kill him.”
“Then don’t,” Archer said, still watching him carefully.  Maybe he had given him too much to drink.  Maybe the drugs hadn’t been necessary.  He didn’t really care if Micah lived or died; honestly the whole thing was starting to bore him.  He couldn’t give Roderick the money back, there wasn’t a chance in hell.  He needed that money because his father had cut him off for not getting into a university.  Roderick annoyed him.  Maybe he should have given him more to drink.
“That was amazing,” Micah said, opening the door to the pool house.  He pulled Bentley closer to him.  “You’re amazing.”  After a moment she laughed and pulled away.  They exchanged a few words and she started walking towards the main house.  Micah watched her go.
“Wait until she leaves,” Archer whispered.
“I don’t think I can do this,” Roderick said.  “I can’t see.  I can’t focus.”
“You have to!” Archer hissed, keeping a steadying hand on Roderick’s shoulder until Bentley was out of sight.  “Do it!”  Micah started strut back to the pool house toward their hiding spot.  “Do it now!”
“What the hell…” Micah yelled when Roderick jumped from the bushes.  “You?  I remember you!  What’re you doing on my dad’s property?”
“Stay back!” Roderick yelled, too hazy to focus properly.  He wildly slashed his knife through the air and Archer tried not to roll his eyes.
“What are you doing with that thing?” Micah asked, jumping back.  “What’s wrong with you?”  Roderick sloppily lunged forward, plunging the knife into Micah’s shoulder.  He bellowed in pain and surprise.  “What!  What are you doing?” he shouted, stumbling backwards.  “Stop!  Who are you?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Roderick said, advancing on Micah.  He raised the knife for another strike.  His arm froze for a moment in indecision, and suddenly Micah lashed out with a desperate attack.  He knocked the knife from Roderick’s hand with his good arm, sending it flying into the bushes next to Archer’s hiding spot.
Before Roderick could react, Micah struck him across the jaw with the back of his hand.  Roderick fell to his knees, and with a loud grunt of pain Micah kicked him squarely in the ribs.  Roderick rolled limply into the bushes next to the path and Micah fell to one knee as he clutched his injured shoulder.
Swearing under his breath, Archer went to reach for the knife but his fingers stopped inches from the bloody blade as he had a sudden idea.  He soundlessly picked up the pole of a nearby pool skimmer and moved up the path a few yards.
After a moment Micah staggered to his feet and began to stumble up the path towards the house.  Archer waited until he had almost passed, then suddenly thrust the pole between Micah’s feet.  He fell heavily forward and his head made a dull thudding sound against the flagstones of the shaded path.  Archer watched impassively as he rolled slowly onto his back.  A sound from the street forced him to look up.
“Shit,” Archer whispered as he saw a car coming up the street.  “That looks like Orion’s car.  What the fuck’s he doing here?”  He slipped further into the shadows.
“Help me!” Roderick said weakly from the bushes.  “You said you’d help!”
“Who’re…talking to?” Micah groaned.
“Damn,” Roderick said, looking at his hand in a stray beam of light.  It was covered in blood and it shook wildly.  Had he really stabbed somebody?  He felt sick and hot and he couldn’t see or breathe properly.
“What’s going on here?” Orion’s voice shouted from the driveway.
“Orion!” Micah shouted, grimacing.  “Orion!  Over…here!”  Footsteps trampled down the path and Orion appeared.
“Here you are,” he said, kneeling down in front of him.  “Why are you on the ground?  I stopped here for a moment to have a talk with you before I take Devony home.  I’m not a fool—” his wild red eyes suddenly noticed the pain in Micah’s face and he looked around.  At the sight of the blood on the path, Orion’s eyes widened in shock for an instant but quickly hardened.  “Fate has given you what you deserve, nothing less.”
“What…you…talking about?  Help…me.  Get my…phone.  In…pool house.  Call…the…police.”
“You’re kidding.  For what you’ve done to Dev, you deserve to suffer.”
“What…for?  I said…sorry…for fighting…for…drinking.  I’m sorry!”
“That’s not what you need to be sorry for.”
“Then what?”
“You know what!” he roared, grabbing him by the shirt collar and yanking his body off the ground.  “I know you were with that whore.”
Micah’s eyes widened in surprise.  “What…do you care?  She’s not…your woman.”
“No,” Orion said, releasing him slowly.  “She’s not anymore.”
“W-what?  What…what you talking about?” Micah moaned.  “Get…my phone…call help.”
“No.”
“How can you…say that?  Please…help me.”
“You both deserve to die for what you’ve done to me.”
“W-what does she have to do…with you?”
“She has everything to do with me, you asshole!” Orion shouted into his face, spittle dripping from his mouth.  “I should kill you with my bare hands but I would rather you suffer like I have.”  He stood up and stared down at him.  “See you in hell.”
“Orion…please,” Micah croaked as he began to leave.  “You can’t…leave me here!  Just give me…phone.”
“You want a phone?” Orion asked, turning around.  He took out his own phone and tossed it into Micah’s face.  “Take mine.  I have no reason to call anyone anymore.  I’ve been betrayed for the last time.”  He stormed off, leaving Micah to grope for the phone.  He called the first number on the list.
“Hello?” Lucas’s voice grunted.  “Orion, where are you?  We need the signed permits before these vendors can set up and you have them.  I’m driving around looking for you now.”
“Help…me,” Micah grunted into the phone.
“Who’s this?  Orion?”
“Who is it?” another voice said in the background.  “What’s going on?”
“Dammit, Gavin, I’m on the phone.  I hear voices,” Lucas said.  “It doesn’t sound like Orion.”
“It’s not,” Micah said.  “L-Lucas…it’s Micah.”
“Micah the headmaster’s son?  What’s going on?  Are you okay?”
“N-no…please…help…me,” Micah said.
“Where are you?” Lucas asked.
“P-pool…house.”
“Are you drunk?” Lucas asked.  “You sound horrible.”
“Please…come over…now.  Call police.”
“Calm down,” Lucas said.  “I’ll be there in a couple minutes.  I’ll call the cops if you still need them then.”
“Cops?” Gavin asked.
“These high school brats drive me crazy,” Lucas said.  “Orion’s missing and Micah just called from his phone.”
“Why isn’t he using his own phone?”
“I don’t know,” Lucas said, looking at the phone.  “But we need to find Orion.  Why would he be at the headmaster’s house?  He said he was going to Devony’s.  Oh well, as long as he has those forms with him.  The turn is right up here.”

Chapter Two

“I bet my car is the only one in this neighborhood without leather interior,” Lucas joked as he stepped out of the car.  “I don’t see Orion’s car anywhere.”
“Is anyone here?” Gavin called out.
“H-help…” Micah grunted in response.  “For God’s sake!  Someone…please.  Help…me.”
“That’s Micah’s voice alright,” Lucas said.  “Dammit all, he must be seriously drunk.  These kids don’t know their limits.”
“But where’s Orion?” Gavin asked.
“What’s going on here?” Archer asked as he casually walked toward them from the street.  “What’s that horrible sound?”
“I’m…h-here!” Micah groaned in agony.  Archer hurried towards Micah as the other two stared at each other with worried looks on their faces.
“My god,” Archer said as he quickly fell to his knees, looking over the carnage with apparent surprise.  “What…what the hell happened?”
“That guy…stabbed me.  Still here.  I don’t know.”
“Why would anyone stab you?  Lucas!  Gavin!  Get over here!”  He took a few steps toward the pool house and spotted Roderick huddled against the wall around the corner.  As Lucas and Gavin started to make their way into the backyard, Archer reached down into the nearby bushes and retrieved the bloody knife.  He advanced on Roderick, speaking softly for insurance.  “You!  I knew you were involved!  How could you hurt my friend?”
Roderick looked incredulous.  “Archer, what the hell are you talking about—” He let out a pained cry as Archer stabbed him in the stomach.  “Y-you!” he grunted, withering against the side of the pool house.  “You…fucker!”  Archer stabbed him again under his ribs.  “Stop!  You…won’t get away with this!”
“What the hell?” Lucas asked when he saw Micah stretched out on the ground.
“Lucas?” Archer asked, smiling as he sunk his knife deeper into Roderick’s chest, twisting it.  “Is that you?”
“Yes.  What’s going on?”
“Someone stabbed Micah,” Archer called out, covering Roderick’s mouth.  His body started to slack and he slid down the side of the wall.  Archer patted his head and quickly rinsed the blood off his arm in a nearby hot tub.
“Stabbed?” Lucas asked stupidly.  “We thought he was drunk!”
“He’s hurt,” Archer said as he reappeared around the corner.  “Look at him.”
“Dammit, Micah,” Gavin said, kneeling down.  “What happened?”
“Some…crazy...I don’t even know.  Please…call police.  Call 911.”
“It doesn’t look that bad,” Archer said, picking up a towel from the ground.  “Take this and try to stop the bleeding, Lucas.”  A sudden scream pierced the air and the men turned around to see Bentley standing on the path with a look of horror on her face.  “Stop that screaming, bitch,” Archer roared.  “Are you trying to wake up the whole neighborhood?”
“What happened?” she asked as she stepped closer.
“Stop!” Archer shouted.  “Do you know anything about this?”
“I just went inside to use the bathroom and get a drink before I left, but then I heard shouting,” Bentley said.  “What’s going on?”
“Ahh, a thief and a slut,” Archer said.  “How convenient.  Micah, did she do this to you?”
“Don’t…think so,” Micah said.
“You can barely think – you’ve lost too much blood,” Archer said, wrapping the towel around Micah’s shoulders.  “Will one of you please call the police?  And call my girlfriend and tell her to come over here.  And you,” he said, looking at Bentley.  “You don’t go anywhere.”
“Why?  I didn’t do anything!”
“Going in the house for two things you could have easily done in the pool house?” Archer scoffed.  “I highly doubt that!  Just try to stay strong, Micah, we’ll figure this out.”
“I found something!” Lucas called from the side of the pool house.
“What is it?”
“It’s…I don’t know who it is,” Lucas said, looking at the mangled body.
“I know this guy,” Archer said as he joined Lucas.  “That’s Roderick.  He’s a friend of mine!  He must be the guy who Micah was talking about.”
“So who did this to him?” Lucas asked.  Sirens began to wail in the distance.
“The cops are on their way,” Gavin said from behind them.
“Shit, Gavin,” Archer gasped in surprise, grabbing his chest.  “I almost forgot you were here.  What a damn mess.”
“Who…who’s that?”
“Roderick,” Archer said.  “I know him well.”  He shook his head.  “To think that he was capable of this!  Someone must have tricked him.”
“Don’t know…him,” Micah said from the ground.
“But there’s someone suspicious here who might,” Archer said as the sirens got closer.  “Bentley.”
“I didn’t—”
“Did you have something to do with this?” Archer asked her.  “You look guilty.”
“I didn’t—” she croaked out as an ambulance and several police cars stopped in front of the house.
“A likely story,” Archer said.  Several policemen came running back with their guns drawn.
“Are you kids alright?  What a blood bath,” one grunted.  “Where are your parents?”
“I don’t live here,” Archer explained as another car pulled out front.  “I was walking to my girlfriend’s house when I heard some strange noises.  I ran into Lucas and Gavin here when I came over to investigate.  Oh, here’s my girlfriend right now.”
“What’s going on?  Why did you call me here?” Ellie asked breathlessly as she ran up to Archer.  She pulled him in for a hug.  “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, just a little shaken up,” Archer said.
“You’re going to have to start telling us something useful,” a cop said.
“Do you see that girl?” Archer asked, pointing at Bentley.  “Don’t let her leave.  She was here when we got here, possibly trying to rob the house.”
“I swear I didn’t do anything,” she said through tears of shock.
“You’ll need to stay here, miss,” the cop said, stepping close to her.
“What’s…what’s going on?” Ellie asked, suddenly noticing the puddles of blood around Micah.
“We think Roderick stabbed Micah.”
“Oh my God!  Is he alright?”
“I think he’ll live,” Archer said, pulling away.
“Why would anyone want to hurt Micah?” Ellie asked, looking up at him.  She couldn’t bring herself to look down again.  So much blood.
“I think that slut Bentley had something to do with it.  She was always upset that Micah didn’t want his father to know about her.  You remember the summer, don’t you, Ellie?”
“I do,” Ellie said.  “But I wouldn’t think Bentley would—”
“Don’t listen to him!” Bentley cried as a policeman took ahold of her arm.  “I didn’t have anything to do with this!”
“Then why do you look so frightened?”
“Because there are two bloody bodies on the ground!” she howled as Micah was put on a stretcher.
“Are you scared because you were caught?”
“Caught what?  I told you!  I didn’t do anything!”
“You were always upset that Micah didn’t want anything to do with you.”
“That’s a lie!” Bentley said, her cheeks growing pink.
“Oh my God, could you be that jealous?” Ellie said.
“I didn’t do anything wrong.”
“What did you expect would happen when you thought this up, you crazy bitch?”
“I’m no more a bitch than you are,” Bentley hissed as she was restrained by the officer.
“Stop that,” Archer interrupted.  “Both of you shut the hell up.  We just want to make sure that Micah is alright.  I’ll stay here until this is cleared up and the appropriate statements are made.  You need to get in contact with Orion and Dev and let them know what happened.”
“But, Archer—”
“You should go now,” Archer said, feigning concern.  “Please.  Dev will die if she knows you knew about this and didn’t tell her.  Leave now.”
“I’ll see you later?” she asked.
“Just go.”

Chapter Three

Her hands trembled with something which could have been anticipation or fear.  She listened to the water running as Orion used the sink in her private bathroom.  It couldn’t have been fear she felt.  She refused to believe she was scared.  This was Orion – her boyfriend for almost half a year – and he wanted to talk to her.  Clenching her hands into fists she continued to listen to the water running.
“Orion?” she asked softly, not moving from the bed.  “Everything okay in there?”
“I’m fine,” he grunted back, turning the water on even faster.  “I have to do this,” he whispered to the hazy image of the red-eyed man in the mirror.  “I can’t stay with a woman who cheats on me.  Even if Micah was gone, there will always be another man to catch her eye.  If I listen to anything she has to say, she’ll pull me back into her web and I’ll resign myself to a life of betrayal and mockery.  No, that will not stand.”
“Orion?”
“I said I’m fine,” he said as pleasantly as possible, then returned to his whispered conversation with the mirror.  “I’ll say that I’ve forgiven her but I cannot live my life with a devious girl like her.  If I were to leave she would simply sink her beautiful claws into another man’s heart.  Could I condemn another to this torture?”  He gazed at his haggard face for a moment in silence, and then nodded resolutely.  Turning off the water, he walked to the bathroom door and looked at it for a moment as he tried to compose his features.  The color of the paint was so similar to her skin.  He wanted nothing more than to ruin it.  To make it as dirty as she was.  “Sorry I took so long,” he said, opening the door.
“Orion, you have to understand…” she said, starting to get up from the bed.
“Don’t move,” Orion said, holding up his hand.  “I’m here to let you know that I’ve forgiven you.”
“You have?” she asked, her face lighting up.
“You’re still dead to me,” he said in a low voice.
“You brought me back here to say that?” Devony asked.  “Why would you need to come out here, then?  You could have said this at school.”
“Some things are meant to be kept private.  Unlike you, I value the traditions and honor of a relationship.”
“What don’t I value?  Orion, please,” she said, holding out her hand.  “Won’t you come talk to me?”
“I am talking,” he said, leaning against the door frame.  “But I won’t touch you.”
“Why not?”  She gave a hopeful hint of a smile.  “Are you afraid of what might happen?”
“In a way.”
“Don’t be scared,” she whispered.  “We can still make this right.”
“Devony, if I come too close I’m afraid I’ll put my hands around your neck.”
She winced.  “You don’t mean that.”
“I wish you were dead,” Orion went on, taking a step towards her.  “Every time I look in your eyes, watch you smile, watch you move, there’s nothing more I want than to stop you from smiling.  I hate you, the one whom I once loved the most.”
“You don’t mean that,” she said again.
“I do mean it.”
“What happened to you, Orion?” Devony asked.  “Since when do you talk about death and dying all the time?”
“I said stay away from me,” he warned as he watched her shift towards him on the bed.  “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I hope you won’t.”
“In many lands you would deserve to die for what you’ve done to me,” he said.
“You’re scaring me,” she whispered.  “I hate how you look at me now.”
“Good.”
“You have no reason to look at me like that.”
“Think of what you’ve done.”
“I haven’t done anything.”
“If you really believe that, you’re even worse than I had thought.”
“I can’t believe you’re saying this,” she muttered, rubbing the back of her neck.  “Do you see yourself?  Do you hear yourself?  What’s happened to you?  You’re still sweating like crazy!  Your eyes are red!  Are you sure you’re not having a bad reaction to something?  Let me drive you to the hospital, Orion.”
“Shut up, I’m not going anywhere with you,” he said hotly.  “And don’t move.”
“I won’t come any closer,” she said.  “I have to know, Orion.  What happened?  When did you suddenly decide you hated me?”
“When you gave my ring to Micah.”
“What?  Orion, I never did that!  Call him and ask him yourself!”
“You’re a liar.”
“Call him!  Ask him, dammit!  He’ll tell you the truth if you won’t believe me!”
“Of course I don’t believe either of you!  You’re both dead to me!”  He rushed towards her and took hold of her shoulders with wild strength.  “Just admit that you did it!  At least then you’ll still be a cheater but a truthful one.”
“Call him!”
“I won’t!  I don’t trust his word any more than I trust yours.”
“Then I don’t want anything to do with you!”
“Good.”
“You’re insane, Orion,” she said, wriggling out of his grasp.  “I never did anything like that, and I can’t believe you won’t listen to me or even try to learn the truth.  I never gave him your damn ring!”
“I saw him with it earlier today!”
“It wasn’t mine!”
“You’re a liar!  You’re lucky I’m not a violent man—”
“You’re delusional—”
He reached out and shook her again.  “I would kill you right now if I were, Dev.  I saw the ring.  That’s all there is to it.”
“I don’t know how he got it, but I never gave it to him.  Orion, just call him.  If you don’t do anything else, just call him and find out the truth.”
“I already know the truth.”
“How?”
“He told me.”
“What did he tell you?”
“He told me that you two had sexual relations.”
“Me and him?”
“Don’t pretend to be surprised.  I heard it from his own damned mouth.”
“Micah would never say anything like that.”
“He’s been punished for his role in this.  You’re much luckier – I cannot lay my hands on you in anger, although I would do the men of the world a great favor if I could.”
“I never slept with him,” Devony said, starting to cry now.  She angrily wiped her tears away as Orion stared at her with hateful eyes.
“Crying now, are you?  It won’t work on me.  I see clearly what you are.  Release all of your tears.  When we get back to school, I don’t want you to look at me—”
“I wouldn’t.”
“Talk to me—”
“As though I would waste my breath—”
“Or come anywhere near me,” he finished.  “You’re dead to me.”
“I’m fine with that,” she muttered through her tears.  “Get the hell out of my house.”
“With pleasure,” he said, walking unsteadily towards the door.  “You’re a whore.”
“And you’re a stranger,” she whispered, pulling out her phone.
One missed call.
She quickly dialed Ellie’s number.

Chapter Four

He took his time leaving the house.  Anger still flowed through his veins and his hands wouldn’t stop shaking.  “That bitch,” he whispered to himself as he took the stairs one at a time.  Something was wrong with his balance and he still wasn’t satisfied with what had happened.  It still felt as though she had won.  She had cheated and defeated him.
“You need to leave,” a tired looking servant said from the foot of the stairs, eyeing him like an unwanted dog.
“Shut the hell up,” he growled, turning aside at the bottom of the stairs.  “I’m going to wash my hands.”
“You can wash your hands somewhere else.  You’re not welcome here.  I heard Devony crying and I’m sure that your uncouth shouting was the cause.”
“Did you not hear me when I told you to shut up?” he said, shoving her against the nearest wall.  A few cigarettes and a purple lighter fell from her pocket onto the floor.  He picked them up as the woman struggled to catch her breath.  “Get out of my face.”
“I’ll call the police!”
“You do that,” he said, tucking the lighter and cigarettes into his jeans pocket.  “Just get out of my face.”
She hustled away as he headed into the kitchen.  Just as he reached the sink he had a sudden impulse to open the nearby garage door.  Looking around, he noticed a few red containers of gasoline.  His eyes lit up at the sight.  Maybe there would be a way to make her pay.  She wasn’t going to win.  He picked up two of the cans and stumbled back into the kitchen.  He could hear the maid’s panicked voice talking to someone over the phone but he paid her no mind.  He uncapped the first can and dumped a trail of gasoline from the kitchen to the hallway.  This would teach her a lesson she’d never forget.  He opened the second can and trailed it down the hall and out the door.
“Please hurry, he’s crazy!” the maid’s voice drifted out of the open door.
“Leave me alone!” he growled.  “She deserves this…” he trailed off, pulling a single cigarette from his pocket and turning it about in his fingers.  He had never understood the appeal of smoking.  They smelled and tasted terrible.
He heard the sound of a car racing up the street behind him.
“Enough,” he whispered, placing the cigarette in his mouth and lighting it with a grimace.  Vaguely, he felt the smoke tickle his lungs as he inhaled.  He took the cigarette from his mouth and as he exhaled a stream of smoke, he flicked it towards the door.
The gasoline ignited with a whoosh and within moments it had spread across the first floor.  He gazed at the flames as if hypnotized.  They flickered and danced through the windows and the haze from the smoke they gave off seemed to match the haziness of his own vision.
“Orion!” a voice gasped out from behind him.  He turned his head slightly to see Ellie breathing hard, her hands on her knees.
“That’s my name.”
“Orion, Orion, Orion, where’s Devony…” her eyes widened as she looked up and noticed the smoke.  “She isn’t—” she screamed.  “What…what’s going on?  Did you…” She put her sleeve over her nose and mouth and darted for the open door.  Orion caught her by the arm and pulled her to him with terrible strength.  “Stop!” she shouted through her struggles.  “Let me go!”
“Don’t fight me,” he growled as he held her tight.
“Is she in there?”
“Of course.”
“Then let me go!”
“It’s only a warning,” he said calmly as he held her in his iron grip.
“Are you blind?” Ellie screamed.  “You’ll kill her!”
“If that’s God’s will, then it shall be.”
“You nut job!” she screamed, elbowing him in the stomach.  He winced but did not release her.  “Let me go!  Let me go right now!  There’s still time!  We can still save her!”
“Just relax, Ellie,” Orion purred.  A loud scream could be heard from the second floor.  “Good,” he whispered.  “Can you hear her, Ellie?  She’s screaming.”
“What’s wrong with you?” she demanded, still trying to get free.  “What’s wrong with everyone?  All this violence!”
“There’s more?”
“Some slut set up Micah to get hurt and somehow Roderick was killed.”  She felt his arms slacken but she still couldn’t escape.
“Roderick’s dead?  What about Micah?”
“He’s hurt, but he’s alive.”
“He should have died in Roderick’s place.  Roderick never did me any wrong.”
“Let me go!” Ellie screamed, suddenly kicking backwards and catching him in the groin.  Orion let out a pained grunt and released her as Devony’s window opened, smoke pouring out.
“Fire!” she screamed, looking around.  “Help!  I can’t get out!”
“Dev!” Ellie shouted, skidding to a halt at the front door.  The air in the house was so hot that it singed her hair.  “Devony!  Are you alright?”
“I can’t get out!” she shouted down as Orion clamped a hand over Ellie’s shoulder and pulled her away from the doorway.  “Orion!  Help me!”
“He’s the one who did this!” Ellie screamed.
“You…you set my house on fire?” Devony choked out as she coughed.
“You’ll have to jump,” Ellie said.
“I can’t!”
“You have to!”
“I’m too scared.  I’m going to try and go through the back.  I have time.”
“You can’t!  Don’t leave the window, Dev!” Ellie shouted.  “Jump!”
“I can’t!”
“You have to try!”
“I’m going down the back stairs,” she choked out and disappeared from the window.
“No!” Ellie screamed, collapsing in Orion’s arms.  Orion continued to drag her further away from the house.  “Let me go!  I have to call the fire department!”
“No.”
“Yes!” she wailed.  “She might still be alive.”
“She made her choice.”
“You monster!” she roared, flailing in his grasp.
“She betrayed me.  I have not touched her!  This is a warning to her!”
“A warning that’s going to kill her!  Can’t you understand what you’ve done?”
“She made her choice.”
“Stop saying that!  She’s probably dead now!  You killed her!”
“She chose not to jump just as she chose not to be faithful to me.  Ask Archer.”
Ellie stopped fighting for a moment, the fire still crackling heavily in her ears.  She turned and looked up at him with a fresh terror in her eyes.  “Archer?  What does he have to do with this?”
“He’s the only one who didn’t laugh about it behind my back.  He told me everything.”
“Everything?”
“He told me about Devony’s infidelity with a man who I considered a friend.”
“Archer told you that?”
“Yes.”
“Archer told you that Devony was cheating on you?”
“Yes…with that manwhore, Micah.  If Devony could have kept her legs closed, this house wouldn’t be burning to the ground.”
“Archer was the one who told you about Devony?”
“Yes, dammit.  I said that already.”
“He’s the one who put all these ideas in your head about Dev cheating?”
“My accent is not that hard to understand,” Orion said, squeezing her ribs.  “Are you deaf, blind, or stupid?  I told you that it was Archer!”
She gasped for air, feeling a panic attack beginning in her chest.  Archer.  He was the one.  He must have been feeding Orion’s paranoia for weeks.  She felt her lunch gurgling in her stomach, rising in her throat.  Still in Orion’s arms, she began retching into the grass.  He released her and she fell to the ground.  She immediately pulled out her phone and sent the message ‘fire at devs’ to the first number that came up.  “Archer was the one who told you?”
Orion stood over her as he surveyed the blazing house.  “I told you that.”
“Archer lied to you.”
“Archer cared enough to tell me the truth.”
“He LIED to you!” she shouted, tears streaming from her eyes.  “He lied to you and you believed him!”
“Watch your mouth,” Orion warned.  “Archer wouldn’t lie to me.”
“He did,” she said as Orion knelt down.  His hand reached out and took her by the throat.  “What?” she gasped out.  “You’re going to kill me now?”
“Perhaps I will.”
“Do whatever you want, monster.  I never liked you in the first place.  I just never had the balls to tell Devony that and now I wish I had!”
“Shut your mouth!” Orion said, squeezing her neck.
She tried to spit at him but it dribbled down her chin.  “You’re so stupid,” she croaked.  “You’re so stupid Orion, for believing him.  If you want to choke me, go ahead and just do it, but there are witnesses now.”
“Who?” he asked, releasing her neck.  Several cars were coming up the street.
Orion left Ellie in the middle of the yard and walked close to the inferno.  As the first car screeched to a halt in front of the house, Mason leapt out from the back.  “There really is a fire here,” he said as he ran onto the lawn towards Ellie.  Archer and Gavin followed.
“She’s dead!” Ellie wailed.
“Who’s dead?”
“Devony!”
“Devony’s in there!?” Mason yelled and turned towards the flames.  Archer grabbed him by the arm.
“Stop now,” he warned.  “The fire will kill you too.”
“I can’t believe you had the nerve to show up,” Ellie said to Archer as she stood.  “Do you see what you’ve done?”
“I just got here,” Archer replied.
“You did this!” Ellie said, pointing a finger at Archer.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You told Orion that Devony was cheating on him!  He told me!  Did you really tell him that?  Archer, please.  Tell me you didn’t do that.”  Everyone turned to look at Archer as he meticulously thought over the question.  The house blazed on behind them but time seemed to stand still as Archer looked at the ground and pondered.  “Archer?” Ellie asked.  “Did you?”
He shrugged and looked up at her with his piercing gray eyes.  “I told him what I thought.”

Chapter Five

Ellie’s face contorted openly.  “Y-you…you what?”
“I told him what I thought.  I didn’t say anything I didn’t think was true…or at least something that I thought Orion would take as truth.”  He shrugged openly again as he watched the house burn.  “Though in hindsight I might have said too much.”
“You were the one who told Orion that Dev was sleeping around.”
“I did.”
“You lied!” she screamed.  “Why would you say that?  Did you know that Dev’s in there?”
“I’m assuming she is.”
“Well she is!  Archer, did you really say Dev was sleeping with Micah?”
“I did,” he said in a low voice as the wail of sirens began to fill the night sky.  “Now shut up about it.”
“I’m not just going to shut up!  Archer, please!” she screamed, running up to him and shaking him.  “Devony’s dead, you asshole!”
“I can’t believe she’s still alive in there,” Mason said sadly.
“Yes.  And his words killed her,” Ellie said.
“They have eyes, Ellie,” Orion said as he walked back to the group.  “Everyone can see what’s happened.”
“His words might have caused this, but Archer didn’t set her house on fire,” Gavin said.
“You!” Mason shouted to Orion.  “How could you believe him?”
“Because he’s a monster!” Ellie wailed.  “He must be!  I thought something odd was going on, but I…I never suspected this!  Archer, you have to tell him the truth!”
“Go home,” Archer said.  “Unless you want to be involved with this, I’m telling you to leave.”
“Orion, Mason, Gavin, you have to listen to me!  Archer’s been the one spreading rumors around!  Orion, he lied to you!  He lied and convinced you that Devony was cheating!”
“I don’t believe it,” Orion said.  The fire trucks grew closer.  “Archer wouldn’t lie.”
“He did!  He’s always been lying to you!  He’s jealous of you.  He always has been!”
“I thought I told you to shut up!” Archer growled.
“Did you really lie to me?” Orion asked, his eyes finally coming into focus.  “You did all of this because you’re jealous?”
“As if I’d be jealous of a poor black kid,” Archer sneered.
“Oh God,” Orion muttered, falling to his knees.  “You…you lied to me.  I…I refuse to believe it!  Devony was unfaithful, she must have been.”
“She was a saint, you idiot.  You killed her!  I hope you rot in jail for this!  Better yet, I hope they burn you alive just like you’ve done to her.”
“Hell’s fire will be worse than this,” Orion said, the anger in his voice gone.  A fire engine pulled up and he could only watch with empty eyes as the men ran out and began to set up the hoses.
“Anyone in there?” a burly fireman called over to them.
“At least one!” Mason shouted over.
“More than one,” Orion said.  “One of the maids was there.  I didn’t see anyone else.”
“I’m on it,” the man said, then attached his respirator and disappeared into the smoke.
“She was seeing Micah,” Orion said to Ellie.  “Gavin, you must know what I’m talking about.  You’ve heard that she was sleeping around.  Archer told me everyone knew.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Gavin said.  “I can only think about how her father will be when he learns of this.  This news will kill him.”
“And then he’ll kill you!” Ellie shouted through her anger and tears.  “You’ll die for this, you asshole!”
Orion was still looking at Gavin with a puzzled expression.  “I forgot, you go to college now.  Devony was seeing Micah for some time now.  Archer told me and even Micah was bragging about it.  He was wearing the ring I gave Devony on a chain around his neck.  I saw him take the promise ring I gave to Devony and give it to another girl, as if it meant nothing!”
“R-ring?” Ellie uttered in a hollow voice, her face growing even paler.  “You think she cheated on you because someone else had your ring?”
“Enough,” Archer said, going to grab her.  “You’re sick.  I’ll take you home.”
“N-no!  He has a right to know!”
“If you have a single brain cell in your head, you’ll leave now.  I’m giving you a chance.  Take it.”
“I’m not going anywhere, you psychopath!”
With no hesitation Archer reached into the back of his jeans.  A heartbeat later, Ellie found herself looking down the barrel of a snub-nosed revolver.  She stared at it dumbly for an instant, then glanced around.  The firemen and police were too busy with the fire to notice.  “Go home, Ellie.  Don’t make me shoot you.”
“What the hell are you doing, man?” Gavin said in a low voice, not wanting to trigger him.
“Put that away,” Mason said.
“You moron, Orion!” Ellie screamed once she found her voice again.  “Devony dropped that ring in the hall this morning!  I picked it up and gave it to Archer!  Did you know how many times he’s begged me to steal it from her?”
“So you’re betraying me now?” Archer asked, pulling back the hammer.  “Once a bitch, always a bitch, I suppose.”
“Did you really think that Devony gave your ring to Micah?” Ellie went on as though he hadn’t spoken.  “Is that what you believe?  Archer must have given it to him.”
“She’s lying, Orion,” Archer said.  “All women lie, it’s in their nature.”
“I’m not lying!  You didn’t deserve her, Orion.  She always treated you well!  You’re a coward for what you’ve done!”
“It…it can’t be!” Orion gasped out.  For a moment he seemed likely to fall, and then he suddenly lunged towards Archer.  A gunshot rang out, freezing him in his tracks.  Ellie crumpled to the ground.
“Police, help!” Gavin screamed as Archer turned the gun on Orion with an expression of hatred on his face.
“You won’t get off so easy, Capetown.  You’ll have to live with what you’ve done,” Archer sneered.  He lowered the gun and turned to flee.
As he took his first step, a gunshot grazed his arm just as a white-haired police officer shouted, “Drop your weapon!”  Archer dropped the revolver in surprise and sprinted towards the woods.  The older police officer chased him, already puffing loudly.
“She’s in trouble,” Mason said, falling to his knees at Ellie’s side and looking at the wound.  “He got her in the neck.  There’s nothing we can do.”
“He got away,” Gavin said.  “There’s no way that old cop can catch him.”
“He can’t,” Mason said, stroking Ellie’s head gently on the ground, “but I sure as hell can.”  He took off running towards the woods at a full sprint.
As Gavin turned to follow him, he heard the gun cock again.
“You’re not going anywhere.”

Chapter Six

“Orion…what are you doing?” Gavin asked.  “He’s going to get away.”
“Leave him.”
“Orion…” Gavin said.  “Don’t do anything stupid.  At least no stupider than what you’ve already done.  Drop the damn gun.  You’re already in a lot of trouble and you should let us go before—”
“Before he kills someone else,” Ellie croaked weakly.  “Orion, she never cheated on you.  She loved you…”
“Ellie,” Gavin muttered, going to her.
“No.  That won’t be necessary,” Orion said, pointing the gun at him.  “She’s dead now.  Leave her be.”
“You sick bastard,” Gavin spat out.  “People are dead.  Try to understand that.”
“There’s going to be more dead if you don’t shut that hole in your face,” Orion warned.  “I have nothing to live for now.  I could pull this trigger without a second thought because it doesn’t really matter, does it?  I killed Dev.  Could Archer really have betrayed me like that?”
“He did!” Gavin said, holding up his hands.  “Devony would never cheat on you!”
“Liar!  It can’t be true!  It can’t be!  What would Archer gain by lying to me?”
“You heard Ellie!  He was jealous of you!”
“I have nothing to be jealous of!” Orion said.  “I know what people think of me!  I hear their jokes in the halls!  I was never accepted here!  Even my girlfriend saw me as an outsider!”  He rubbed his forehead with the gun in his hand.  “She’s dead,” he croaked out.  “Devony’s really dead.”
“Drop the weapon!” a loud voice shouted.  “Drop it now, boy!”
“Boy?” Orion said, turning around to look at a policeman with his gun drawn.
“Whatever you are, drop the weapon.”
“Lucas, be careful!” Gavin shouted as he saw him walking back from the woods with a few others in tow.
“We found Archer,” Lucas said as the old policeman and Mason came into focus, leading Archer between them.  “Orion, just drop the gun!  We have him so you don’t have to do this!”
“Do what?” Orion asked, pointing the gun at Archer.  Several more police showed up with their guns drawn but Orion didn’t take notice.  “Kill this monster?  Murder this abomination?  Why not?  It’s like looking the devil in the eye.”
“Drop the weapon!” one of the police yelled.
“I should kill him!” Orion said, as the police advanced on him.  “You deserve to die!”
“You won’t kill me,” Archer said, smiling.  “You only kill women.”
“Shut the fuck up!” Orion shouted as his hand holding the revolver quivered.
“Stop, Orion!” Lucas said.  “They’ll take you out!  Drop the gun!”
“Not until he’s dead!”
“He’s not yours to kill!” Lucas shouted.  “Please!  Don’t shoot him!”
“Say whatever you want, my mind’s made up.  What’s going to happen when I drop the gun?  I’ve already killed two people.  What’s one more?  Why should he get to live when he started this whole thing?”
“Orion, he’s admitted what he did,” Lucas begged.
“DROP THE WEAPON!”
“Did you really want to kill Devony?”
“I wanted to teach her a lesson.”
“And you really believed that she was sleeping with Micah?”
“She was!”
“That’s not true!” Micah shouted from behind the line of police, his injured arm and shoulder in a sling and a paramedic trying to pull him away from the scene.  “Orion, I never did!  Why didn’t you talk to me about this?  Why didn’t you try to find out the truth?  You blindly believed Archer’s lies but you never asked anyone else!”
“I’m going to have to take him out,” a policewoman said in a low voice.  “He’s unstable.  Look how his eyes are darting around.  He’s probably on drugs.”
“Micah…” Orion said.  “I believe you…I should have talked to you but that…that demon over there, tricked me.  I should have talked to you.”
“Give him a moment,” another policeman whispered.  “He looks like he’s calming down.  He’s lowering the weapon.”
“Do we really want to take that chance?”
“Archer!” Orion shouted.  “Can’t you tell me why you did this to me?  Why did you ruin me?  Were you really jealous?”
Archer lifted up his head, a tight smile still on his lips.  His eyes were empty and grim.  “You’ve made your bed, now lie in it.  I won’t say another word to you.”
Orion started to lift his arm again and one of the policemen fired.  The bullet struck Orion’s leg, causing him to stagger backwards but he kept his footing somehow.  His gun fired into the air.
“Orion, relax!” Lucas said.  “It was all Archer!  He even told Roderick to hurt Micah!  Can’t you see?  You need to stop!”
“What the fuck?” Orion groaned, lowering the gun again.
“He’s a monster!” Micah said.
“We found all sorts of messages on Roderick’s phone.  He was too stupid to delete them.”
“You devil!” Orion shouted.  “Micah, just tell me how you ended up with my girl’s ring.”
“It was in my locker.  Archer admitted he put it there.”
“I’m so stupid for believing you!” Orion shouted in the air as he glared at Archer’s smug face.
“Don’t make us shoot you again,” a cop bellowed.  “Put the gun down.”
“Do what he says!” Micah shouted.  “Orion, you may not want to hear this, but Archer’s also the one who got me drunk at my parent’s house.  He put something in my drinks, I don’t know what it was, but I couldn’t control myself, just like you’re acting now.  It was Archer, Orion.  It was all him.”
“You’re going away for a long time,” the old policeman said, tugging on Archer.  “You kids today.  What’s wrong with you lot?”
The policewoman yelled again.  “Put down your weapon!”
“I won’t!” Orion shouted back.
“Don’t shoot him,” Lucas said to her.  “He’ll calm down.”
“He’s standing there with a bullet in his leg,” she replied.  “We’ve got no choice.”
“Just wait a moment!” Orion said, keeping the gun in his hands but holding them up to the dark skies.  “Don’t shoot yet.”
“So put down the gun,” an officer warned.
Orion swallowed hard and began to speak.  “My family was happy in South Africa for many years – we never planned to come to America.  My parents had a good friend who would travel with us around the country.  One evening about four years ago we were staying in a small village when our friend suddenly went missing.  My father was nervous so he started the car to go looking for him.  We came out to see him off, which saved our lives.  As he kissed my mother, gunfire erupted from the hills and struck all around us.  We leapt into the car and managed to escape with only a few wounds, but we feared that our friend was dead.”  Orion looked at Archer with haggard eyes.  “Our friend was found days later trying to leave the country with a suitcase full of money.  He betrayed us – my father – who trusted him like a brother.  It was my mother’s wish to come live in this country so that such a thing could never happen again.”
“Orion…what are you—”
With a quick motion, Orion suddenly brought the gun down to his own temple and pulled the trigger.  Blood spurted over the grass and his body fell limply to the ground.
Lucas ran to his side and shouted into his bloody, expressionless face.  “No!  You didn’t have to do this!”
“Get the stretchers,” the old policeman said sadly.  “This is the worst night of my life.”
“Stupid idiot,” Lucas said, collapsing over Orion’s body.  He turned to look at Archer, who still wore a satisfied grin on his face.  “I thought villains like you only lived in horror movies, Archer.  Do you see what you’ve done?  This blood bath is on your hands.  I would love to see you dead but I hope they keep you alive so you have to think about this day for the rest of your pathetic life.”  Archer’s expression never changed as he went silently with the police.
“W-what…what do we do now?” Gavin asked.
“Has anyone tried to get in contact with their parents?” Lucas asked.  Gavin shook his head.  “Start trying.  And track the headmaster down as well.”
“What should I tell them when I get ahold of them?”
“Tell them whatever you like.  We may never know what really happened.”

If you Like this Book,
And I hope you do,
Please take the time and post your review!

Also by C.E. Wilson

Standalone Novels:

To Nowhere

The Boy with Words

The Promise

This is Me.

Shakespeare for Everyone Else

Othello 

Coming Soon:

Untitled Beauty

Cruel and Unusual
Playing Human

Circus Folk


