




     




























                                   





                                      Pack3- Resurrection
					      &
				           Vamp 
By R.A Cullison

Copyright R.A Cullison 2013
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free eBooks. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Look for more book by R.A Cullison

























	~ @}This book is dedicated to my Grandma Helen Holstein who passed May 2013. I love you Grandma forever! {@ ~

	I would also like to dedicate this book to some of my family members who are my biggest supporters; My parents Toney and Shirley, my children Alexander and Amber, my sister-in-law (sorta) Shelly, my niece Britany, My cousin Louise for being my biggest fan, I love ya! To my Lumpie who has been a big supporter through all this. And to all the one who downloaded the first two. 

	There is some German and French in this book, so I included a reference to what is being said in the back of this book. So if you get lost or want to know what other people are saying just check the back of the book.

























                                         










                                             One
	I walked into the abandoned house, scared shitless. Matt was still oblivious that I knew what he was up to and who he was involved with. I wasn’t going to let him get away with this. I loved him yes more than anything. Just because his love was a lie don’t mean mine was. 
	I stepped into a dark room, the only light was from the fireplace. “Hello?” I called out. Something on the table in the back got my attention. I slowly walked over to it. My family portrait accept Matt was cut out of it. 
	“Nora?” A familiar voice called from a dark corner. I turned towards the voice. There stood Corbin, looking like he stepped out of my memory at the train station. “What are you doing here?” he asked. I began to sob.
	“I… I need help.” I managed to get out.
	“Help with what?” he asked with concern.
	“Matt?” I sobbed. Corbin walked over to me and helped sit down in a nearby chair. I quickly explained everything and tried not to burst into more tears. I seen the anger flash over his face and I could tell that he still loved me. 
	“That SON OF A BITCH!” he growled. “what about your children?” he asked. 
	“Matt don’t know I know. I don’t want to cause them too much heartache. But Matt is Aprils Dad and Noah is Travis’s Dad.” I said.
	“Wait how could you still be human?” Corbin asked. I explained that to him too. “So your Dad found the cure?” he asked. I just shook my head. He stood up and walked towards the fireplace. The glow of the fireplace danced off his face. 
	“Yes.” I said. He turned to looked at me.
	“Yes, what?” he asked.
	“Yes, I still love you. I never stopped even through death.” I  lowered my head, I felt shame wash over me. Corbin isn’t without his mistakes he led me to believe he was dead, but that I understood.
	“I still love you as well. That never stopped even with you marrying Matt and having your children. I only regretted that it wasn’t me you had children with and married.” He was staring into the fireplace.
	“I do too, Corbin. I do too.” But did I really believe that. I still loved Matt even through this, he was my husband. I stood up and walked over to him. “You’re the only person I can trust. Please help me.” I stood a few inches from his face. Our eyes locked, his dark eyes where black. He slowly moved towards me and we kissed softly. To me it set the love I had for him back in full on inferno. This time I wasn’t going to let him go. 
	After spending several hours with Corbin, forming a plan. I decided to confront Matt on what I heard. Just thinking of what he has don’t broke my heart. Then I thought he was a good actor I really believed he loved me. 
	I walked into the house ready to confront Matt about what I over heard on the phone. April and Travis were playing in the living room with my Mom watching them. 
	“Where is Matt?” I asked.
	“Upstairs, I think.” she answered pointing to my bedroom door. I turned and ran up the stairs two at a time. I through the door open to find Matt staring out the window. He looked at me and had a bleak look on his face. 
	“I knew you were listening to me on the phone, Nora.” he said flatly.
	“Why?” my voice cracked. Seeing him didn’t change how I felt, I still loved him.
	“You don’t understand.” he turned towards me. “I had no choice.”
	“No choice? Seriously?” I said shaking my head. “You had choices. You lying piece of….” Matt rushed over to me and grabbed my shoulders to lower me in a sitting position on the bed.
	“Let me explain.” he took in a deep breath. “At first this was a plan by Noah. He wanted me to get you to trust me and the pack too. So I could bring you to him.” He was now staring deep into my eyes. “But I couldn’t do it, I wanted you for myself.” he stood up and turned back towards the window. “I forgot about Noah and the plan until you got pregnant with Travis.” My head dropped feeling ashamed. “Travis is mine not Noah’s” 
	“Why does he think Travis is his?” I asked, still staring at the floor.
	“I don’t know for sure. He said he had sex with you when you were out at his fathers mansion.” he sat next me on the bed. 
	“I don’t know if he did or not. I did wake up naked.” I began to feel the vile rising in my throat. 
	“I think Noah lives in a fantasy world. He and his father hate each other, I know Wolfgang wouldn’t let that happened.” he continued. “You were pregnant before we got off the ship and…..” he stopped.
	“What?” I asked studying his face.
	“When Travis was in the hospital I…uh.. I had a DNA test done.” he bowed his head.
	“You did what!?” I was shocked.
	“Noah called me at the hospital and told me about the baby thing.” he didn’t raise his head to look at me. I figured he was ashamed of his actions. “I was proven to be his father.” 
	“I always knew you where is father just look at him.” I watched his head slowly raise up to finally look at me. 
	“I know, but I was scared.” his eyes locked on mine. “I wanted to be sure.” There was along awkward silence, which was weird with us. Since we been together we have always had something to say. I could feel the distance now and I was confused. I loved Matt and I love Corbin. 
	“I thought Noah was dead is Russia.” I finally said.
	“Yeah so did I” he scratched the top of his head. “I made sure his body was in the pile before I burned it.” 
	“Maybe he crawled out or something.” I said, still staring deep into Matt’s big blue eyes.
	“Maybe. He never told me how he survived. I sometimes think he is a cat with 9 lives.” He broke eye contact. “Tonight I will take his remaining lives, even if it costs me mine.” He walked towards the door, gently placing his hand on the door knob. He hesitated for a second, “I have never betrayed you. My feelings have always been true and hopefully I will be able to prove it.” He turned the handle and walked out. I didn’t know whether to stop him or let him go. I believed him, I could see that he was telling me the truth. 
	I jumped up and ran after him, “Matt!” I called after him. I caught him at the last step. I stood at the step above him, “I love you. I am sorry for ever doubting you.” He pulled me to his chest and into a bear hug to kiss me. We heard the children laughing our heads turned towards them. 
	“Nora whatever happens take care of the children and make sure they know how much their Dad loves them.” he turned back towards me. 
	“I will but please return to me.” I sobbed. He placed his hand on my cheek then turned to leave. I watched him walk out the door.
	“Everything ok?” my Mom asked from the living room.
	“I hope so.” I walked into the room and sat down on the floor with the children. I picked up Travis who was getting so big. I got him laughing. April was too interested in her toys to notice me. 
	“Where is Matt going?” I heard behind me. I looked it was Kyle. 
	“He went to the docks.” I answered. Kyle darted out the door. 
	“Whats going on?” my Mom asked.
	“I wouldn’t know how to explain it.” I said still playing with Travis. That’s where the conversation stopped and it got quiet except for the children’s laughter.
	I put the children down for a nap so I could get my mind clear. I stepped out of April’s room to find Matt laying on the downstairs floor bleed profusely. “Matt!” I called out. I ran down the stairs to him. He was hurt pretty badly. I rolled him over and removed his shirt. He had a large gash across his chest and bite marks covered his body. I ran into the kitchen to get the first aide kit, water and a roll of paper towels. I ran back towards him, he was still laying very still on the floor. I was thankful he was still breathing and his heart was still beating. I began to wash off the blood that was seeping out of his gashes. 
	“Matt!” I kept calling his name. “Matt! Hey!” I shook him alittle. His eyes slowly opened. “How come your not healing?” I asked frantically. 
	“Nora?” he whispered. “I did it.” he gave me a weak smile.
	“Did what?’ I asked, not thinking.
	“Killed Noah.” he coughed out. I then was beginning to notice his bleeding lessened and his cuts were beginning to mend themselves. My Mom came out from her room..
	“Oh my!” my Mom screamed as she ran to us. “He needs to go to the hospital!” she kneeled down to check out his wounds.
	“No, Mom he will be ok.” I looked back down at Matt and I could see his gash close more. This time I knew my Mom seen it. She jumped up and gave us both a stunned look. 
	“How?” she gasped.
	“Mom, calm down.” I ordered. She backed to the wall with her hand over her mouth. Matt was nearly fully healed and he stood up. 
	“Carla, I think its time we explain something to you.” he looked at me. 
	I took in a deep sigh. “Your right. Mom follow me into the living room.” I turned and walked through the living room door. “Sit down.” she obediently sat down on a near by chair. “Mom, Matt is a …uh… I guess the best way to tell you is be honest. He is a werewolf.” 
	“Ha! A werewolf? Oh please!” she shook her head. I knew Matt would have to prove it. I just prayed her heart could handle it. I gave Matt a look and he instantly knew what I wanted. He slipped his shoes off and we watched him changed. My Mom just watched with her mouth hung open.
	“AH!” she screamed and then fainted. I couldn’t help but chuckle a little but I knew it wasn’t funny. Matt picked her up and laid her on the couch. He was still in his wolf form carrying her to the couch. As soon as Matt laid her down, her eyes flew open to only see this huge black werewolf standing over here. “OH MY GOSH! I wasn’t dreaming! This is real!” she said squeezing her eyes tight together. 
	“Mom, its not bad, open your eyes.” I chuckled. Matt morphed back to his human self to make it easier for her. 
	“I cant believe this.” she kept saying over and over to herself.
	“Believe it Mom. This is your son-in-law and the father to your grandchildren.” Matt ran upstairs to get some clothes on. 
	“Nora how long have you known about him?” she asked confused.
	“Since day one. There is so much I should tell you. But I think its best you didn’t know.” I shook my head.
	“Right, I am good at knowing this and that’s it. I don’t need to know anything more.” she stood up and walked into her bedroom. 
	Matt descended the stairs and walked into the living room. “Well she handled that better than I though she would.” he joked.
	“I was thinking the same thing.” I turned around and was staring at his big blue eyes. “Matt, is Noah really dead?” I asked.
	“Yes! Corbin, Kyle, Josh, Ariel and Myself made sure of that. But its not Noah we have to worry about now.” he sat down to put on his shoes.
	“Who?” I asked.
	“Victor!” he said staring at me. I could tell by the look on his face he was remembering the day Victor tried to kill me. It wasn’t exactly a pleasant memory for me either. 
	“Victor? What the hell does he want? “ I asked.
	“We don’t know, yet. We caught his scent just at the edge of the woods behind the house. Corbin and Kyle think that he wants to finish what  he started.” I watched him shutter. 
	“What is his deal with me? I never did anything to him.” I growled. 
	“Don’t know, Babe. But we tend to find out. First thing first we have to get you and the children safe, so the pack is camped out….” he stopped in mid sentence.
	“What is it?” I whispered. Matt ran to the window and peered down.
He looked from side to side then his eyes stopped. I peeked from beside him to see what he was staring at. There was a dark figure ducking behind the side of the neighbors house. 
	“Nora, go and get the children and head to the basement.” he turned and looked at me. “Go now, get your mother to go with you.” I ran to the kids room and grabbed the diaper bag and a couple of blankets. We headed down the basement. I was carrying April and my Mom was carrying Travis. 	
	We had a room in the back of the basement that we used for a storm shelter. I sat down in the back of the room with my Mom. It was quiet too quiet for my taste. Then footsteps broke the silence. I followed their sound with my eyes as they moved overhead. 
	I was scared I felt the urge to protect my family. “Mom, wait here with the children. I will be right back.” I sat April on the bench next to my Mom. I slowly opened the door at tiny bit to see if I seen anyone. Nothing was in sight. I pushed open the door just enough to get out. I headed toward the door. I walked up the stairs slowly taking great pains not to make them squeak. 
	I reached the top of the stairs when everything went black. 

















                         










                                            Two
	I woke up with my arms chained and handcuffed over my head. The room was dark and the only light came from a sewer grate above me. I searched the room to see what I could see. There was a pale woman sitting motionless in a chair staring at me. 
	“Hello!” I called out to her. She didn’t move or make a sound. I then turned my attention to my chains. I began pulling on them.
	“That wont do anything.” the pale woman spoke. I looked at her.
	“Help me!” I softly pleaded. She went back to being motionless and silent. 
	Victor walked in, smiling. “Nora, does this belong to you?” He moved to the side of the door way to let someone through. Two large men were carrying in Matt.
	“Matt!” I cried. He looked pretty beaten up. They threw him at my feet, he was unconscious.
	Victor walked over to a nearby table and retrieved a syringe. He walked over to us and shoved the syringe into Matt’s neck. “Wolf bane serum to keep him from changing.” I watched Matt convulse on the floor. “temporary reaction.” Victor said while kicking him. Matt’s eyes opened. “Good your awake.” Victor said smugly. 
	The two men that brought Matt into the room was now holding him on his knees facing me. Victor stood behind me and was slowly pulling my hair from my neck. Victor sank his teeth into my neck. The pain was excruciating. I screamed in pain. 
	“NO!” Matt yelled. Victor pulled back with my blood dripping down his lips and chin, he walked over to Matt. 
	“Love her now!” Victor spat in Matt’s face spraying blood all over him. Matt was staring at me with his blue eyes huge with horror. The two men who was holding Matt dropped him and the room cleared out. I felt myself letting go, drifting off. 
	Matt got to his feet and walked over to me. I couldn’t make out his features or what he was doing. I began to shake violently, I couldn’t stop it and neither could he. Matt held me but my shaking made it hard to do so. I felt myself slip into the darkness. 
	I woke up and found myself wondering in dark stairwell. I was lost and confused at how I got there. I climbed several set of stairs before I found a door. I slowly turned the handle. I was standing in a bright white room with familiar faces. Dorsella, Marcus, Troy and Alton were staring at me. I felt a touch on my shoulder. I turned around and came face to face with a creature I never seen before. 
	I opened my eyes and I found myself still hanging. Blood was now trickling down my arms from my wrists. No Matt or anyone was around me. My throat was burning like I swallowed a fist full of hot coals. I knew what was happening to me. I could feel it every cell of in my body and the burning sensation in my throat made it more apparent, I was a vampire now. 
	How could I let this happen. Mother of 2 small children and a wife. I should have been smarter. I couldn’t be trusted around my children now. I didn’t know if I could control myself. 
	I twisted my wrist around, coating the inside of the shackles with my blood. I began pulling my wrist free. I got my right hand free and began working on my left. My hand finally slipped out and I fell hard on my side. I stood up and dusted myself off. I checked my wrists to see how bad they were cut, they were already healed. I then remembered Victor biting me and how bad that hurt. I raised my hand up to my neck and with my finger I felt 2 punctures in my neck that were not healing. 
	The burning began again and it was making me angry. I never felt this kind of rage before, it scared me. I ran out of the room, seeing in the dark was easier now. I found myself in a long corridor with a door at the very end. Sunlight was peeking from around the edges. I began walking towards it. The pale woman appeared in front of it and without warning she was running at a full sprint towards me. Before I could react the sprinkler system was going off. 
	What came out wasn’t water, it was too thick. I rose my head up to get a better look. With my mouth slightly opened a few drops fell on my tongue. The taste and texture made my mouth instantly react. I was standing there completely still with my mouth open catching every drop of the blood I could. Each drop that ran down my throat eased the burning a little bit more. 
	I realized what I was doing. I lowered my head and began to gag, but nothing happened. I then turned my attention back to the door. This time no pale woman was standing in the way. 
	I ran through the door knocking it off its hinges and I was standing outside in the sunlight. Luckily that the whole tale about vampires burning in the sun wasn’t true. I took a deep breath of the fresh air. I noticed my clothes and skin. I was covered in a thick layer of blood. I looked around and saw a garden hose laying next to the building. I turned it on and washed myself off as best as I could. 
	I didn’t know what to do, I couldn’t go home and put my family in danger. I walked around the city for a few hours trying to get my thoughts together. I saw a pay phone, I decided to call home. I picked up the phone and pressed 0 for the operator. 
	“Operator.” a woman’s voice from the other end spoke.
	“Yes, I would like a collect call.” I gave her my number.
	“Please state your name after the tone.” I said my name and then waited for someone to answer. 
	“Hello?” my Mom answered. 
	“I have a collect call from. ‘Nora’. Do you accept?” the machine asked.
	“Yes!” a click. “Nora honey, where are you? Matt said you were dead.” she was on the edge of hysterics. 
	“No, I am alive. Did Matt make it home?” I asked.
	“Yes, he is upstairs. Do you want to talk to him?” she asked.
	“Yes!” I answered. I heard her yell for him. I then heard someone running.
	“Nora! Your alive?” he basically yelled at me.
	“Matt, meet me at the bus station and bring me a change of clothes.” I asked.
	“Of course.” we hung up. 
	I made my way to the bus station trying to keep my distance from everyone. I could smell and hear every humans heartbeat and it made my mouth water that made me furious. After an hour I watched Matt stroll into the building with a duffle bag. He seen me and his mouth dropped. I could see that he knew I had changed and what I changed into.
	“Nora?” he called after me. I motioned for him to meet me in the back of the building. We got there at the same time. He held out the bag. I hurried and changed. “What happened to you?” he asked.
	 I pointed to my neck. “You know what happened.” I said slipping on a clean shirt. 
	“I… I cant believe it. What are you going to do? You know there is no cure for it.” he said leaning against the building.
	“Yeah I know. I cant come home and put the children into danger.” I ran a brush through my ratty hair and I felt a lot better. 
	“So your just going to leave?” he asked.
	“I have no choice. Until I know I can handle myself.” I looked down at my hand and saw my wedding band. I slipped it off my finger and went to hand it to Matt.
	 He shook his head, “No.” I then slipped it into his jean pocket. 
	“This is how it has to be, until I know I can be cured.” I went to walk away. He grabbed my wrist and pulled me towards him and embraced me in a hug. 
	“I love you, Nora. Please come home soon.” I pulled away and gave a weak smile. 
	“I will do my best.” I turned and ran into the alley. I didn’t know where I was going or what I was going to do. I needed to find a cure or find Victor. I walked aimlessly around the city confused at the rage I was feeling and at the thirst I didn’t want to quench.
	I felt someone following me, I could feel their eyes upon me. I quickly ducked into an alley. My head began to spin and fuzzy pictures began to fill my head. Pictures of people I have never seen before but yet they were familiar. 
	‘I was walking into a castle full of people. They looked like they just got done with a bloody battle. They greeted me like I was their king. The castle look familiar, Castle Von Meer. The castle was grand and elegant from its colorful tapestries to its reflective marble floor. 
	“Sire?” a man called to me. I turned to look at him.
	“The werewolves all been killed.” I looked down at my hand to a werewolves head. I turned and looked at the gathered warriors. 
	“You all have fought well.” I held up the werewolves head. “These creatures are disgusting and vile. Now Warriors of Von Meer go, rest and be merry. For this night we have cleared all the werewolf menace from our lands.” I lowered the head and the men cheered. I turned back to the man next to me. “Go Marcus and enjoy this time. Go see a certain woman.” I joked and Marcus smiled. 
	“Thank you. Sire!” he bowed. I placed my hand on his shoulders. I walked up the stairs. I walked into what appeared to be my bedroom. I quickly undress and saw a huge gash in my side. I could feel that I was dying. I sat down on my bed, I was going to lay down and just let death take me. A beautiful creature appeared in the window.
	“You give up too soon, Eason.” the angel spoke.
	“Who are you?” I asked.
	“That’s not important. What I have to offer is the most important thing.” she stepped into the room. 
	“What do you have to offer me?” I asked.
	“Immortality.” she smiled.
	“Immort…..” I couldn’t finish, the pain in my side was beginning to get the best of me.
	“Eason, lay back and relax. I promise when you wake you will be a different man.” she helped me lay back. I felt that familiar pain in my neck.’ 
	My vision cleared and I had to take some cleansing breaths to get myself back to reality. What just happened? I then turned my attention back to who was following me. The memory had seemed to have taken up a lot of time but in reality it was only a few seconds. I watched two men walk past where I was hiding. 
	“Where did she go?” one of the men asked.
	“Keep looking!” another ordered. I jumped out of my hiding spot.
	“Why are you following me?” I asked. They all turned towards me ready to fight.
	“Hold it men!” another one ordered. He stepped out from behind the other two. 
	“Michael?” I questioned.
	“Hello Nora. I guess the rumors where true. You are one of us now.” he smiled.
	“Yes, but not by choice. Victor bit me.” I snarled at the memory.
	“Nora, I have never seen you like this before. You become so… aggressive. I like it!” he joked. 
	I smiled, “Yeah, that is what happens when your life is taken away from you.” I watched the men’s face stare at me unsure. “Why are you here, Michael?” I asked
	“To offer you help. And from where I am standing you will need it.” he smiled. “Come with us.” he waited for me to say something, but I didn’t I just followed them.  

************************************************************* 

	We arrived at the abandoned train station, where we first met Dorsella. “This is our main headquarters. You already knew that.” 
	“Yeah. So why did you bring me here?” I asked stepping out of the black SUV. 
	“Because you are going to need training…Maybe a weapon of choice.” he said opening the big metal door. We stepped into the building and walked down the long hall. He pushed open the ornate decorated door and we walked into the throne room. This time no other vampires were there, just us four. 
	“It seems this place is less.. uh.. full now days.” I said looking around.
	“Yes, since Dorsella’s death many have left this covenant.” he said sourly.
	“Oh, maybe they are unsure of your rule?” I looked at the other vampires. They were snarling at me. 
	“Maybe, but there is no choice. I was 3 in charge after Dorsella, but Marcus and Troy are dead.” he began to take off his heavy leather jacket. 
	“Troy is dead? I thought he survived. How did he die?” I asked.
	“Noah killed him. That’s all I know.” he answered.
	“Oh..” I walked around finally getting a good look at the room. “Michael, I been having some weird flashbacks.” 
	“Flashbacks? What kind of flashbacks?’ he asked interested.
	“Castle Von Meer mostly… I am a king I think and I get bitten by a beautiful woman, a vampire.” I watched Michaels expression change for interested to concern. 
	“Von Meer? Eason Von Meer use to be a ruler of a small country. After he was bitten by a vampire on his death bed. He helped Lord Vladire run werewolves out the country. Something happened that caused the two rulers to start war with each other.” he continued. “I don’t know the history, but I know someone who does.”
	“Oh, who?” I asked stepping closer to Michael.
	“Shylynn.” he said giving me a weird look. 
	“Can I see her?” I asked.
	“Yes.” he answer without hesitation. 






















































                                               Three
	Michael led me to room full of scrolls and books. It was some sort of library. “Shylynn!” he called out. 
	“What do you want?” a stern voice answered.
	“Mind your manners old woman. I have someone who wants to talk to you.” he looked at me.
	“Oh, someone who actually wants to talk to me. Show her in and leave.” she ordered. Michael mouthed ‘Good luck’ and left the room. I watched an older looking woman emerge from behind a over stuffed bookshelf. “Ah. Yes! You’re a young one.” 
	“Yes. Not by choice. I need to know about Eason Von Meer.” I waited for her to answer.
	“Oh yes. Eason was a warrior. He killed many werewolves and vampire alike. He was bitten on his death bed by a vampire woman. He took well to the change and never hunted a human or tasted human blood. It was told that he joined forces with Lord Vladire, who was a werewolf. Vladire and Eason joined forces to rid all werewolves and vampires out of their 2 small countries. Until Eason fell in love with Vladire’s daughter, Catharine.” she continued. “This made Vladire angry, Eason was much older than Catharine and was a vampire two things that angered Vladire.” 
	“How old was Catharine?” I asked.
	“19 but let me finish.” She continued. “Eason and Catharine wed secretly because she was with child. Vladire found out and went mad with anger. He put a bounty on Eason’s head. So as you well know Eason was murdered in his sleep by a hired handyman and he collected many pieces of gold. Catharine went into hiding and gave birth to a son.” 
	“I am having visions of Eason’s life, Why?” I asked.
	“Visions of his life? Maybe you’re a seer?” she smiled.
	“Whats a seer?” I asked.
	“Some vampires can see into past lives.” she walked over to a bookshelf.
	“What was his sons name?” I asked.
	“Victor.” she said running her bony fingers over the spines of some ancient book. “He was born a vampire.”
	“Victor is the one who bit me.” I informed her. 
	“Ah, yes! That might be why your having visions of him. Victor was his son…..AH! Here we go.” she pulled out a huge book. She dropped it on a near by table causing dust to fly into the air. “Here, you sit down and read this. A little vampire history might help.” she disappeared into the back. I sat down and began scanning the book.  
	‘Eason Von Meer was born of noble blood. His father was a King of a small country and his Mom was a young servant girl. 
	Eason was known for his kind heart and heavy hand during war. He never killed a human but had killed many werewolves and vampires. To him they weren’t considered humans they were animals.
	When Eason was bitten back in 1566 by a female vampire. He made a pledge to hunt all vampires and werewolves. After 100 years of cleansing his country of vampires and werewolves, he joined forces with Lord Vladire. Who was know for his blood thirst. 
	Vladire was bitten by a werewolf when he was near 50 years old. Later he then took a human bride and sired a son who died shortly after birth along with his wife. He wedded again several years later to a peasant girl and they had a daughter, Catharine. 
	Catharine never showed any signs having werewolf blood in her, which thrilled Vladire. She was a bright child and loved to battle along with the other boys her age. When she was nearly 10, she nearly killed a village boy. After that Vladire then forbidden her to ever pick up a sword again in play or war. 
	Eason and Vladire were both tracking a werewolf deep in the black forest. They met for the first time and soon decided it would be best if they joined forces and killed both species.
	Vladire was invited to Castle Von Meer for a celebration party. Vladire brought his wife and 18 yr old daughter. Eason who still have a youthful appearance, instantly fell in love with the beautiful Catharine and she fell in love with him. 
	When Vladire found out he went mad with anger and forbidden her to never talk or see Eason. For being a rebellious daughter, soon after her 19th birthday, she went to Castle Von Meer and bedded down with Eason and soon became with child. Under a heavy cloud of secrecy they were wedded by the local priest. 
	Mad with anger, Vladire, had put out a bounty of 1000 gold pieces for the death of Eason. Catharine and Eason went into hiding with only a trusted maid and a hired handyman. 
	One night as Eason slept, the handyman snuck into Eason and Catharine’s sleeping chambers and slit his throat as he slept. Leaving Catharine widowed and to raise their child without a father. Not long later while in hiding she gave birth to a son, Victor. He showed signs of being a vampire since birth. 
	Years later Catharine returned to her fathers home with her small child. Being a loving father he was, he took her and the half blood into his home. Vladire was lonely due to the death of his second wife and Catharine’s mother. He enjoyed having them both there. Vladire treated Victor like his own son and gave him whatever he wanted. 
	At the age of 25 Catharine died of a mysterious disease leaving Vladire to raise his grandson. Vladire who never aged because of the werewolf blood that ran through his veins. After several years of teaching, Victor was ready for battle. He was aggressive, something Vladire needed to help rid his country of the werewolf menace again.
	During a intense battle, Vladire met his demise. Leaving Victor at the age of 16 to run the small country by himself. But he couldn’t and he had no desire to. So he fled the country and hid for many years, leaving the people without a ruler. Some people starved while others left for a better life. 
	Not much is known after this, Victor was never heard from again and the country soon went into the rule of democracy.’
	I closed the book and stood up. Who was the bad guy? I asked myself.
	“Finished?” Shylynn asked.
	“Yes. Thank you. One question. Neither of them seem like bad men.” I scratched my head.
	“Yes, that is the whole dilemma with them. We don’t know who not to trust. I think that’s why vampires and werewolves don’t fight much.” she emerged with another book. “Here. Take this one with you.” I took it out of her hand. “it’s a gift.” I smiled at her and excused myself. 
	“How did it go?” Michael asked. He was waiting for me to come out. 
	“I think I am more confused now then before I went in.” I chuckled. He did too. 
	“You need sleep. Come with me I will show you where you can rest.” he led me down another hallway. “Here.” he opened a wooden door. “Sleep tight.” I walked in and he instantly shut the door behind me. 
	The room was nicer then I thought it would be. There were several other females in there. “What do we have here?” a dark haired female asked. Another one sniffed the air.
	“She is a young one.” she said take several steps towards me.
	“Easy, Trina!” another female spoke from the shadows. A white haired woman stepped out. “I know you.” she said while circling around me. “Oh yes. You were hear about a baby a few years ago. Did you ever find her?” she asked.
	“Yes, I found my daughter.” I walked over to a empty bed. 
	“That’s good.” she said giving me a odd grin. 
	The room got dark and the place got quiet. Laying in the dark room the burning in my throat kept me from closing my eyes. I sat on the edge of the bed trying to will the thirst away.
	“Hurts don’t it?” the blonde spoke from the darkness of her bed. 	
	“Yes!” I said holding my throat.
	Stepping out of the darkness. “Come with me.” she ordered and walked towards the door. I followed her to a kitchen like room. She walked over to a large refrigerator and pulled out a bag. She read the label, “Here!” She tossed it to me. I caught it and looked down at it. “Believe me this is better than hunting humans. Especially if you have a conscious.” she chuckled and went to leave.
	“What if I cant?” I said still staring at the thick liquid in the bag.
	“Then you will die.” she walked out of the room and the door shut heavy behind her, sending chills up my spine. I sat the bag down on the counter and went to walk away. But I was couldn’t the burning in my throat compelled to the bag that laid on the table. I took a deep breath and picked up the bag.
	 I twisted off the little plastic cap on the side of the bag. The smell that rose off it, twisted something inside of me. I felt my teeth change and I could feel something growing inside of me. Before I could stop myself I sucked down the full content of the bag and tossed it on the floor. 
	I realized what I done and turned around and grabbed the counter to steady myself. I caught my reflection in the mirror over the sink. I sucked in a jagged breath. Was that me? My eyes where red and my teeth long and sharp. I didn’t look like me I looked….. Evil. I turned away from the mirror and into the face of Michael. 
	“It will take you sometime to get use to that.” he pointed to the mirror. He looked down at the floor at the empty container. “The easy way, huh?” his eyes met mine. 
	“I will NOT hunt a human!” I growled at him.
	“One day you will and you will feel extremely guilty.” I watched his face drop. 
	“You act like you know the feeling?” I asked.
	“Yes, all too well.” he turned towards the fridge and pulled out a bag of blood. He downed it quickly and left the room. With the thirst gone I could sleep. I walked down the hall to the sleeping chamber and to the bed I claimed and fell asleep.   
	I didn’t dream that night, I just slept. I woke to the sound of women yelling. I opened my eyes to find the brunette and the red head in a bloody fist fight. 
	“You stupid bitch that’s mine!” the red head yelled. 
	“No, it was giving to me by Michael!” she yelled back. The blonde walked in between them and slapped both of them off their feet. 
	“You stupid bitches think you have any chance with the Michael?” she snarled. “Michael is in love with someone else.” her eyes were on me. 
	“Ha! You think this little bitch is the one that Michael in love with?” red haired woman snarled.
	“Its none of our business if she is, is it?” the blonde answered. 
The brunette and red head snarled and left the room. “Don’t mind them stupid woman. My name is Val.” she smiled.
	“I am Nora, nice to meet you.” I held out my hand.
	“Manners? Not use to that around here. Most are selfish, its refreshing.” she took my hand and shook it. “How long have you been a vampire?” she asked.
	“A few days. Not really use to this.” I looked down at my hands. 
	“Things will get easier as time goes by.” she ran her fingers through her hair. “I have to go feed. It was nice to meet you Nora.” she smiled and left the room. I took a deep breath and shook my head. 
	“Now its time to live my immortal life without my husband and children.” I said to myself. I walked over to the door placed my hand on the handle and walked out. 


















































                               


				     Four
	I was settling into my new life as a vampire. I didn’t like the idea that I wasn’t going to be able to holding my children again or be with my husband again.
	 I waited until my children where grown and on their own before I even thought about going over and seeing Matt. No matter how much I longed to be in his massive arms. 
	I was making my way over to the big house to finally see Matt. I jumped onto the roof of the next house over. I could see him moving around in the bedroom. He was getting ready for bed, in his underwear. I chuckled a little, even after all these years he still looked good, like he did when he was in his 20s. 
	He disappeared into the bathroom which gave me the opportunity to sneak into the house to surprise him. I snuck into the bedroom through the balcony. I could see traces of me all over the room. I walked over to the dresser where my perfume was still placed on my silver tray.  I heard water running and the sounds of him brushing his teeth. I tip-toed into the bathroom. I stood behind him, the smell of his aftershave sent chills down my body.
	I stood where he could see me in the mirror. He went to spit and rinse, when he rose up he saw me and smiled.
	“Hey handsome.” I greeted him. 
	“Hey, babe.” he smiled. I haven’t been called that in years. He turned around and wrapped his arms around me, I did the same. I teared up alittle, just being in his arms was so emotional. It was like finally coming home.
	“I missed you.” I choked out.
	“I missed you.” he pulled back. “why are you here? Not that I’m not happy to see you.” 
	“I had to see you.” I smiled sweetly. 
	“Oh really now. So now I know what you missed about me.” he joked. I would of blushed if I could. 
	“No, I missed you.” I wrapped my arms around him again. I pulled back a little to look at his face. He pulled me up to kiss him. That sat me a blaze inside, I knew what was going to happen. 

	*******************************************************

	We laid there naked, like we have done a hundreds times before. The house was quiet, it was just us. “This is weird.” I finally spoke.
	“What is?” he asked leaning on his arm.
	“Last time I was here we had 2 small children and now our daughter is a parent.” I said looking at him. 
	“So is Travis, well soon he will be a Dad.” he sat up on the bed. 
	“I missed this, being here with you.” I moved over to lay on his chest. 
	“I miss it too. You can move back now, this is still you home.” he grinned. 
	“I was thinking about that, but how are we going to explain it to the kids. ‘Oh you know the mother you thought was dead is back and oh guess what she is a vampire.’ I don’t think that will work out very well.” 
	“Ok, well lets not stay away from each other anymore, even if you don’t move back. I get so lonely here.” he ran his hand over my head. “Your so beautiful.” he whispered. 
	The phone rang, he reached over and picked it up. “Hello?” he answered. I could hear the person on the other end. 
	“Hey Dad. Wanted to see how you were holding up.” Travis asked.
	“I’m good, I actually have company.” he smiled, I smiled too.
	“Oh, a woman?” he asked.
	“As a matter a fact, it is. So I have to go I don’t want to be rude.” he was enjoying being sly. 
	“Alright Dad, you stud. Talk to you later, let me know how it goes.” Travis hung up.
	“He’s a good boy.” Matt hung up.
	“Yes he is.” I agreed. I was there for 3 days and it took all I had to leave. Travis was coming over with his new son and was letting Matt see him so I left. I got back to the hide out.
	“Where have you been?” Gabe chuckled.
	“None of your damn business.” I poked. 
	“Pete wants to meet with us, something about wondering werewolves in town.” Stephen said strapping a gun to his side.
	“You two can handle it, I want to take a bath.” I ran up the stairs and bathed.
	 I was in the library reading a few books on vampire and werewolf relationship. When Gabe came  into the room, obviously upset. “Nora!” he yelled for me. 
	“What?” I answered.
	“Matt and the pack are under attack!” he yelled. I didn’t let him finish, I dropped the book I was holding and went to run out the door. “South Bridge!” he called out. 
	I knew Matt couldn’t win and he was getting too old to fight. I knew he was feeling better and thinks that he can handle this kind of stuff. I was about a mile away from the battle, I could hear some tearing and growling, then it suddenly stopped. 
	I leaped onto a nearby building and what I saw was something from a war movie. Corpse spewed across the ground. Dark crimson puddles were forming everywhere. The smell of the blood made my throat burn. I could ignore it, I had to find Matt. 
	I scanned to see if I seen Matt among the bodies, but no sign of him. I Jumped down and began to look closer. I didn’t see him outside where the bloodiest fight took place. I went into the only standing building. At first I didn’t see him, then something gleamed, making me look in its direction. 	
	If I still have a beating heart if would of broke, Matt was leaning against the wall. 
	“Matt!” I yelled. I ran to him. I bent down to check his wounds. 
	“Nora.” he breathed. He was still alive, but I knew he wouldn’t last much longer his wounds were deep and were unable to heal. The silver sword that laid next to him gave me a clue why he wasn’t healing. “Their all dead.” he pointed down to his feet. I looked to see what he was pointing at and seen the mangled bodies of Josh and Ariel.
	“Shhh, don’t speak.” I whispered. 
	He shook his head weakly, he rose his head to look at me. “I love you.” he lifted his bloody hand and touched my cheek. I stared into his big blue eyes. He was staring into the distance at something behind me that I couldn’t see, he gave a weak smile.  His pupils were getting bigger covering his irises making them look black. Death was taking him and I had to sit there and watch. A long breath came from his chest and his hand fell, streaking his blood down my cheek. 
	“No, don’t go.” I begged. He was already gone. Lifted his hand back to my cheek and tearlessly cried into it. I reached over and closed his eyes then kissing him. I placed his hand back down on his leg and called Gabe and Stephen to come help me. I wanted to get him out of there. They showed up with a few extra people to get Josh and Ariel out of there too. Leaving no trace of the pack was even there. 
	We took him home to the big house. Gabe and Stephen laid him on the floor so I could clean him up. I took off his shirt to wash this wounds. It was strange to see cuts on  him that weren’t healing. I ran a wet cloth over his chest and stomach. I washed his face and hands. When I got to his left hand and seen the wedding band. Memories of our wedding day came flooding back. 
	It was one of the happiest days of my life. Seeing Matt‘s lifeless body laying there made the memories seem so surreal. That wedding day was in another life. That moment I realized that I wasn’t human anymore. Even though I wasn’t, I refused to be a monster. I was going to protect people not hurt them. 
	Gabe and Stephen laid him on the bed. I brushed his hair and covered him up. His wounds were still bleeding and were beginning to seep through the blankets. I gave him a final kiss good bye and left. 
	Sitting in the car with the boys, I gave Gabe the all clear to call 911. 
	“911 what’s your emergency?” the operator answered.
	“Yeah, you better check out 419 Oak Lane.” he hung up. I composed myself and left the car. 
	I climbed into the thickest part of the tree. I watched the police run into the building, run back out and make their call to dispatch. Then a few minutes later the coroner showed up. Travis was the first one to show up, he ran into the house but was stopped short by an officer.
	“I cant let you go in there, son.” he said placing a forceful hand on his shoulder. 
	“That’s my Dad in there. What happened to him?” he asked.
	“Sorry son, but your Dad is dead.” the office spoke with no emotion. 
	“Dead…..” I watched Travis pace around shaking his head. April ran in next, she was crying before she even knew. 
	“Travis!” she called after her little brother. “Whats going on?” she asked. The look on his face must of told her everything. “NO!” she kept shaking her head. 
	The coroner and several officers came out with the black body bag containing Matt‘s body. The kids began to hold each other and cry. “I know this is a hard time, but was he married?” an officer asked.
	“No, our mother died when we were babies.” April answered. I couldn’t see or hear anymore. I headed back towards the hideout. 
	Gabe and Steven didn’t say anything to me when I got back. I wondered what happened. Who was to blame for this massacre? I went into the bathroom to take a shower and wash away the day. 
	I flipped on the light in the bathroom. When I caught myself in the mirror and the faint red streak that was running down my cheek. I touched it and began to cry. I had to get a grip on myself. I jumped into the shower and scrubbed myself with very hot water. 
	I went back down to the main room, I need answers. Gabe was welding something. “Gabe!” I yelled to get his attention. He finally heard me and shut off his welder.
	“Yeah?” he answered. 
	“Who was it?” I asked.
	“Who was who?” he answered. 
	“Gabe!” I scolded.
	“Ok, Ok.” he sat down the welder. “Pete called and told us about the werewolves, remember?” I shook my head. “Well he then called again and said there was a big fight and he seen Matt. The other werewolves were passing through. Well so we thought. They were turned by Noah.” 
	“Noah’s dead how can they still be werewolves?” I questioned.
	“Good question. We don’t know. What we think we know is that Noah was transformed into another form of werewolf. With each time he died or came close to it, he changed the disease alittle each time.”
	I looked at him confused. “Changed it? How” I asked.
	“Well the only person who can answer that lives in another country.” 
	“Wolfgang Warchec.” I sighed. Gabe just shook his head.
	














              

       









			    Five
	Traveling to Russia this time was odd. I didn’t need a bodyguard or have Matt constantly worrying about me or have a daughter to rescue. 
	Every place I been before had changed such as Gravehille Manor was now a potato farm and the small villages I once went through were thriving cities with lots of people. Since the Skuggors were not longer a threat people could live in peace and safety. 
	It took a few days to find Wolfgang’s manor, but finally we did. It looked the same. We walked up to the huge door and knocked. We could hear it echoing down the long corridors inside. After several minutes we could hear footsteps coming to the door. 
	“Finally!” Gabe sighed.
	The door slowly creaked open and a young woman stood there. “Can I help you, Miss?” she answered in a strong English accent. 
	“Yes, is the Master in?” I asked politely.
	“Yes, Miss. Is he expecting you?” she eyed us like we were a threat.
	“Maybe. Could you please tell him Nora Hanson is here to see him and its quite urgent.” I smiled sweetly at her. 
	“Right away, Miss. Please wait here.” she then slowly closed the door.  I looked over at Gabe and Stephen. They were both fidgeting and acting nervous.
	“You two look nervous. Whats up?” I asked.
	“Nothing really,” Gabe answered. “just a little out of my element.” Stephen just shook his head.
	“Ah, don’t be pussies.” I teased. Just then the door slowly squeaked open and the young maid returned. 
	“He’ll see you now, Miss.” she stepped to the side so we could get in. She lightly shut the door behind us. “Follow me.” we let her go first down the long spotless corridor. 
	“Do you believe this place?” Gabe whispered, I just shushed them. The maid showed us to the den.
	“Sir, Nora and her friends are here.” she softly spoke. 
	“Thank you, Anna. You may take you leave.” Wolfgang’s familiar voice spoke. “Ah! Nora, how great it is to see you again.” he went to shake my hand. “My, My for someone who suppose to be in here 50s you are looking really well…. Aged.” he then looked at Stephen and Gabe. “Gentlemen.” he greeted them and they greeted him just as friendly. 
	“These are my friends, Stephen and Gabriel.” I pointed to them as I said their name. 
	“So you’re a vampire like me.” he said cheerfully. 
	“So are Stephen and Gabe. They are on Dr. Kane’s serum like me….”
	“Dr. Kane? Maxwell Kane?” he interrupted. 
	“Yes, do you know him?” I asked.
	“Oh Yes, very well.” he walked over to the table and poured something into a glass. “Since you’re a vampire now, I can offer some.” he held up a glass.
	“No thank you.” I politely declined. 
	“Very well. So Nora what is it you want?” he asked sipping from the glass. 
	“Its about Noah. I have a few questions.” watching him drink the thick liquid made me uneasy. 
	“I heard that he was finally destroyed.” he sat down in a over size chair. 
	“How did you know?” Stephen asked.
	“My guards in America. I like to keep tabs on everything.” he took another sip. 
	“I thought if your bitten by a werewolf and that werewolf dies you become human?” I asked. 
	“Typically that’s true. But if your referring to Noah, well that’s a little different.” he sat his glass down and stood up. “Noah was…” he stopped. “hold on one moment please.” he disappeared out of the room and emerged a few minutes later holding a thick folder. “here read this.” he handed the file to Gabe, since he was the biggest of us three.	
	“What this?” Gabe asked.
	“Read it and when you have questions, ask Dr. Kane. He is familiar with the research as well.” he turned his attention back to the glass. 
	“Thank you sir.” I said turning around to leave.
	“Nora, can I speak to you alone please?” he asked. Gabe and Stephen looked at me. 
	“It’s ok guys, I will join you in a moment.” I smiled. 
	“Ok, hurry up.” Stephen said. He waited for them to be out of sight.
	“Nora, I didn’t know how to tell you this in front of your friends. It’s about Victor.” he walked closer to me. 
	“Victor? What about him?” I asked. 
	“When you read them papers you will find out something about him and maybe a something about yourself. I know he is the one that bit you.” he spoken softly.
	“How did you know?” I asked.
	“Read the files and you will find out.” he smiled. 
	“Thanks again, Sir.” I turned and joined the guys outside.
	“What did he want?” Gabe asked. 
	“Nothing, I think… Lets get back to the hotel room.” I said walking towards the horses. 
	We got back to the hotel, I couldn’t wait to read the file that Wolfgang gave us. Gabe, Stephen and I all were sharing a room because we didn’t trust people in this country. Gabe unlocked the door and we walked into the room. I had the file gripped to my chest. 
	“So how are we going to do this?” Stephen asked.
	“Each of us take a stack and read. With our heads together I am sure we’ll come up with some sort of answer.” I suggested. I grabbed the first half, then Stephen and Gabe. I sat down on the bed and began reading, but found nothing interesting. 
	Gabe stood up. “Hey guys I think I found something.” Stephen and I walked over to him. 
	He began reading. “ ‘Noah is showing early signs of rabies. His mother still has no idea what I am doing. 
	I just want to find out if this hemophilia can be cured. I am still at a lost at how he has this disorder. As far as I know there was no one on either side has this. 
	The Crow family are very trusting and I feel awful that I have to betray that. But my son deserves to have a normal life.
	 Corbin and Kyle came in today to see their sister. The form of Lycanthropy they have keeps them from aging. If they bite another person the disease is passed on but not in the original form. The person is infected but they do age. 
	Corbin, Kyle and the rest of the Crow family seem to have it imbedded in their DNA and the normal things that kill a werewolf don’t really applied to them. This is why I must use their sisters blood. The cancer she has is most unfortunate but I have isolated the cancer from her blood and now have the pure DNA. 
	Not sure if Lycanthropy applies to the type of werewolf the Crows have. Most Lycanthropic are bitten in which causes the transformation.’ that’s it on that page.” Gabe handed me the paper. 
	“Keep looking.” I ordered. I sat back on the bed and started to read again. I flipped page after page then a sealed envelope. I opened it and took out the letter inside of it. 
	‘My Dearest Family, I am so sorry that I have put you through so much heartache and sadness. Just remember I love you more than anything and I am so sorry for putting this on you. I know I don’t have much time left and Dr. Warchec is treating me very well and really kind. I know what he is doing with my blood and I think its ok, his son means a lot to him and he is trying to save him. But I have seen his son and he has a darkness surrounding him. He is evil, extreme evil! This is why I am writing this letter. If this next blood transfusion goes like planned Noah will become some sort of next generation werewolf. I heard them speaking and they said what Noah has is extremely infectious. Its worse then rabies, any contact with his bodily fluids will turn a person into what he is. He isn’t a werewolf like Corbin or Kyle. I must go I can hear my nurse. I love you all. I hope this letter reaches you. Love Sarah A. Crow’
	I folded the letter up, “Hey guys.” they looked at me. “Read this.” I handed the letter to Stephen. They both took turns in reading it. 
	“They referred to rabies again.” Gabe said handing the letter back to me.
	“It make sense. They said rabies is transferred through a bite, you know, have you ever watched Cujo?” Stephen said trying to make a point.
	“Stephen is right. But then what are vampires? I don’t have anything left so being human right now…. isn’t an option .. And I don’t want to be human.” I said walking towards the window. 
	“I know the feeling. But we are still at step one. We don’t know how to kill the werewolves that are causing havoc on the city.” Gabe said sitting down his stack of papers.
	“Maybe….. They keep referring it to rabies. Maybe some sort of vaccine…a rabies vaccine?” I suggested. They looked at each other then at me. 
	“Nora, you’re a freaking genius!” Gabe smiled. 
	“Ok so lets get a hold of Dr. Kane he might be helpful at finding the stuff we need. We should head back to the States and get started right away.” They agreed with me and we packed and headed back home.  Our first stop would be to see Dr. Kane and show him the papers we received. 	
	We walked into Dr. Kane’s lab, we knew where to find him. Where he always is. Staring into his microscope but this time he wasn’t there.
	“Dr. Kane?” I called for him.
	“Nora? In here, child.” he called from the back room. He was holding a long syringe and filling it with some kind of glowing fluid.
	“We need your help.” I ask softly.
	“Like always. What help do you need now?” he asked still keeping a steady hand.
	“We have some paper work on Noah Warchec.” I held out the folder. He finished what he was doing.
	“Ah! You went and saw Wolfgang. How is he?” he asked.
	“Quite well. We think that what Noah had is something like rabies.” Gabe said.
	“Rabies?” he arched his eyebrows. “Yes, I thought that once too but, not quite rabies. He has is something more advanced. We tried to treat him with a anti-viral medicine.” he took the folder from me and began looking though it. 
	“There are more werewolves out there and they all seem to be like Noah or how he was?” Stephen said.
	“How do we stop them?” I asked.
	“With this.” he held up the glowing liquid
	“Whats that?” Gabe asked staring at it
	“Polly-myoxate.” he smiled
	“What?” Gabe raised an eyebrow. 
	“It will work and here is more serum for you 3.” he handed us a wooden crate.
	“Thank you Dr. Kane.” I handed him some money.
	“Welcome, Child.” he smiled wider. 
	We left his lab and headed back to the hide out. 













	































                                       Surprise!!!
	To all my Pack fans, yes, this is another addition to Pack. Vamp is a story about Nora, just like Pack. 
	But this is based on Nora’s life as a vampire and how she deals with some very tough situations.  
	I hope you enjoy this addition to the series. 


					Enjoy!




















    








 Pack Series



















         
			  One
	Night, it approaches another day has ended Philadelphia. The city fallen to the point of despair and was full of secrets. Secrets I wish I didn’t know about. My name is Nora and I am a vampire hunter and yes I am also a vampire. I look for the bastard who turned me into this monster.
	I watch the sun go over the buildings, waiting for the opportune time to do my searching. Vampires are cunning creatures they don’t sleep in coffins, crosses and garlic don’t work. The only thing that does work is a stake to the heart or a bullet to the brain. I have killed many Vampires in my 80 years. I still never found him. I watched my children grow old and die. I now watched their great grandchildren make mistakes and become victims of a corrupted government. 
	The vampire who bit me was named Victor, he was the oldest vampire I heard of in existence. He was cunning, strong and above all lethal. He infected over 100 and killed much more. I had to stop him, I know I am the only one who could. 
	I slipped into the shadows on the street. I could hear a familiar sound at the far end of a dark alley, I knew the sound. It was a waking demon ready for its night feeding. 
	I pulled out my gun and slowly slipped behind a big truck. Hoping to get a glance of the monster before it killed. I could see its glowing red eyes in the darkness of the alley, it was unaware of me. I pulled up my gun and took aim. I aimed right between its glowing eyes and I squeezed the trigger. Another one down and hundreds more to go.
	I switched on my light and went to look at my kill. I couldn’t believe it. It was nothing but a child, a child no more than ten years old. My black heart sank, this was someone’s child. I am sure she was loved by a mother and a father or maybe brothers or sister. 
	I picked up the small body and wrapped it in a white cloth. I noticed it had a tattoo on its arm. I knew what it was, it was from the vampire refugee camp, she must of escaped.
	The fallen government kept most of the vampire locked up. Only a few of us can blend in with the humans. I only know of 2 others, Stephen and Gabriel they both worked with me. We don’t feed on human blood. We feed on a special plasma that Doctor Kane invented. It keeps us strong and helps us lead a normal life.
	I took the small body to the hideout, when the other seen how small they just lowered their heads in disgust. I was angry and began to vent. “Do you see this? This is a child! I wonder if she had a choice or was she just another victim of the government.” 
	Gabe looked at me, “Nora, we know your passionate about this, but we are doing all we can. We are just a few against many. Yes its terrible that a child had to be infected and I am sure there are more out there. That’s why we have to stop this. We HAVE to go see Pete, he will help us.” I looked at Gabe, I knew he was right.
	Peter was a surveillance man he had the city wired and he knew everything that was going on in this place. “Your right, Gabe.” I turned around and headed into the weapons room to reload my weapons. I shoved shell after shell into my rifle and scooped up a few clips and put them in my autoloader. 
	“Nora?” I turned towards Gabe.
	“What?” I snapped.
	“I know you think about your children when….” I held up my hand to stopped him.
	“Don’t go there. My children are no longer children.” I interrupted. 
	“I know. But they will always be your children not matter how old they get.” he strapped two guns to his side. “at least you had children while you were human.” 
	I turned towards him. “I had to watch my daughter die. I couldn’t do anything about it. I had to watch her and my son grow old slowly. I had to watch my husband die as well. I watched his own kind turn on him and rip him to shreds. I didn’t get to him in time.” Gabe placed his hand on my shoulder.
	“I’m sorry Nora, really.” I pushed his hand off my shoulder.
	“Save your pity.” I loaded my last gun and left the room. I didn’t want his pity or anyone else’s either. 
	We pulled up to the night club where the troubled hung out. They knew us there well, especially me. Most would flee at the sight of us. The club was booming, people where on the dance floor dancing. 
	There weren’t many vampires in there, most where in the vampire refugee camps. I was standing outside waiting for Gabe and Stephen to go in and talk to Pete. People didn’t react well when they seen me. 
	“Get out of here!” I watched the bouncers throw a man out of the club and he landed at my feet. I looked down at him as he looked up at me. I knew who it was, Travis’s grandson Zander.
	I raised my eyebrow at him and helped him up. “Thanks.” he said getting to his feet. 	
	“This happen often?” I asked.
	He dusted himself off and smiled. “Yeah whenever I lose my ass at the tables.” he straightened up. He looked at me funny.
	“What?” I asked.
	“You remind me of someone.” he said giving a look that reminded me of Matt. 
	“Oh, who?” I asked.
	“My Grandma.” he said. 
	“Oh, really.” I chuckled. 
	“Yeah, but much younger.” he smiled.
	“Thanks. I think.” Three men came out of the club and beeline for him. 
	“You owe us 10 g’s, Z! Pay up!” they pushed him. I backed into the shadow of the building to watch for a second. I wouldn’t let anything happen to him. I just wanted to see how he handled himself. I could tell he wasn’t a fighter. 
	“I told you I don’t have the money right now!” he said backing up.
	“Then it looks like we are going to have to take it out of your skin!” the bigger one said cracking his knuckles. 
	“Excuse me!” I said. “does 4 against 1 seem fair to you?” I walked out of the shadows.
	“What’s this Zander? Having your hot girlfriend take your battles?” they said jokingly. 
	“She’s not my girlfriend!” Zander informed them. Their attention turned towards me. 
	“I love the tight leather look!” one of the men said. 
	“Really! I am surprised you can get a woman.” I said walking closer to them. 
	“What the hell is that suppose to mean?” he said balling up his fists.
	“It means, you smell like a pig and look worse !” the other men laughed including Zander. 
	“Bitch!” he went to hit me. I dodged it and smacked the back of his head knocking him to the ground. 
	“Hit her, Bo!” the biggest guy said. He got up and tried again. I punched him in the face and bloodied his nose. 
	“OW! The bitch hit me!” he said covering his nose. 
	“Grab her!” the biggest one ordered and they did. They started hitting on me. I lowered my head to watch them hit my stomach. I started to laugh. I couldn’t feel their hits. They looked at me funny. I raised my head, they stared at me with wide eyes. 
	“The bitch is a vampire! RUN!” they let me go and they all ran. Zander didn’t run or seem scared. 
	“Your not going to run?” I asked.
	“No, I’m not scared.” he said. 
	“Why not?” I asked. 
	“I have seen worse let leave it at that.” he walked away. Stephen and Gabe came out with no real news. “Pete said he hasn’t seen anything unusual.” Gabe said. I opened the back door to the car. 
	“Where you going?” Stephen asked. 
	“I have to following someone.” I said grabbing my jacket out of the backseat. I caught Zanders’s scent a few blocks away. He was trudging down the sidewalk. It was sad to watch him roam around with nothing. I followed him until I saw where he lived. I then jumped down from my hiding spot. I walked up to his door and knocked. 
	“Just a second!” he yelled. He came to the door with nothing but a towel on. Then I seen the mark, the same mark that Matt had. Zander was a werewolf. 
	“Hi Zander!” I greeted him.
	“How do you know my name? or where I live?” he asked in shock. 	
	“I know a lot about you. Including you’re a werewolf.” he backed up. I walked into his small grimy apartment.
	“What? How do you know?” he asked. I shut the door behind me. 
	“You have the signs.” I pointed to his chest. “People who see it wont know what it is.” 
	“How do you know?” he asked looking down at his chest.
	“I knew your grandfather, Matthew Hanson.” I said while walking around his apartment. “I also knew your grandmother Nora.” 
	“You did? Wow. She died when my Grandpa was a baby.” he went into the kitchen and grabbed a beer. 
	“Your grandmother Nora would be appalled at his place.” I checked out his cabinets.
	“Wait how did you know them?. You’re my age.” he studied my face.
	“Vampire, remember?” I smiled at him.
	“Right, I forgot.” he opened the beer and sat down on his couch. 
	“I have to go. I wanted to see how your doing. I promised your Grandma I would look after you. So if you need anything.” I pulled out a piece of paper and wrote my cell on it. “Call me.” he took the paper. 
	“Thanks.” I watched him for a second then left. I ran back to the hideout. I walked into the garage area where Stephen and Gabe where working on something mechanical. 
	“Nora, you have a visitor.” Gabe chuckled. I frowned at him and headed up to my room. 
	“Hi Nora!” Michael greeted me. 
	“Hello Michael.” I walked over to him. We started at each other for a few seconds and began kissing. 
	Michael ran his hands over my arms and down my back to pull me closer to him. He began to unzip my jumpsuit. He began to push it off my shoulders exposing my bare chest. I pulled off his shirt and threw it on the floor. 
	We laid there in each others arms staring at each other. “Did you hear the news?” Michael asked. At first I thought he was teasing me.
	“What news?” I asked. 
	“There is a new boss in town and the news is he is stalking Zander.” I looked at him. “your great grandson.”
	“I know who he is. Why?” I asked.
	“Well, he owes some money down at the club, he seems to have a gambling problem. He gambles money he don’t have.” he stood up and got dressed. I did the same.
	“So?” I shrugged.
	“Dutch Anders is the owner and he is tired of losing money to people who cant pay or owe a lot to his tables. Rumor also says he plans of killing him.” Michael zipped up his jacket up.
	I had a feeling of dread wash over me. I knew what I needed to do and I had the money to do it. I waited for Michael to leave and I removed a few stacks of bills from my private safe. I didn’t need the money so I might as well save Zander’s ass.
	I drove down to the club, like usual the place was busy. I walked inside. The lights were bright people where dancing and drinking. I walked over to the bar. 
	“Can I get you a drink?” the bartender asked, he must be knew.
	“No thank you. I am here to pay off Z’s balance.” I said.
	“Really, Listen Z is a friend of mine and if your bullshitting me you can go screw yourself.” he cockily.
	“Who do I talk to?” I asked. He pointed to some fat man in a grey suit. 
	“Dutch Anders. Just a warning he is a bastard.” he said while walking away to his next customer. I walked over to him.
	“Excuse me?” I said sweetly. He turned towards me and smiled.
	“Hello beautiful. How can I help you?” he asked in a gravely voice.
	“I am here to pay off Z’s balance.” I smiled.
	“Z? Ok, do you have that much money?” he chuckled.
	“How much is it?” I asked.
	“11 g’s.” I handed him several stacks of money. “Look what we have here. Ok, his balance is clear.” he began to count it. “Where did this money come from?” he asked.
	“I have rich friends.” I said. I walked out of the club and to Zander’s apartment to check on him. 
	The door was slightly open. I peeked in and the place was trashed. I walked in and began searching for him. I found him unconscious in the bathtub. I check him he was breathing, I pulled out my cell phone and called Gabe and Stephen to come help me. “Zander?” I called his name and shook him some.
	“Ow!” he groaned.
	“What happened?” I asked.
	“That fat bastard Anders sent his thugs after me.” he said holding his head.
	“How come you didn’t turn?” 
	“Are you kidding? He knows about werewolves and vampires he would kill me for sure.” his eyes met mine.
	“What?” I questioned.
	“Who are you, really?” he asked.
	“Long story.” I went to help him up, he pushed me away.
	“Seriously.” he said with a stern voice.
	“OK, I am Nora Hanson.” I watched his face turn flush.
	“My Great Grandma?” 
	“I would be her.” with that I helped him out of the tub. Stephen and Gabe showed up with a change of clothes and some first aid stuff. After a hour of silence and him staring at me.
	“How?” he finally asked.
	“I was bitten when April and Travis were little. I chose to stay away because I didn’t want to put them in danger.” 
	“So they never seen you again?” he asked.
	“Yeah, but I watched and seen them nearly everyday. I couldn’t just go and not care. I loved my children and my grandchildren. Including you, Zander.” I smiled at him.
	“Wow.” He was shocked.
	We headed back to the hideout. Zander looked like he was starving. He watched me load my guns and other weapons.
	“Do you have any food in this place?” he asked. 
	“Sure, in the kitchen.” I waited for the obvious question to come up.
	“Besides blood?” and there it was.
	“Yes Zander, there is normal food in the kitchen. We have some humans that live here with us.”
	“As what?” he asked
	“Friends.” I answered. He pursed his lips together and shook his head. He left the room. 
	I was going to find out who this Dutch Anders was.





	











	



		
    		

				 Two
	Anders was sitting in an overstuff chair in his living room watching the news. Watching that pudgy bastard made my blood boil. What he done to Zander and my adopted family irked me to no end. I was going to scare him, well that was the plan. 
	I slipped into his well guarded house and into the shadows of his living room. I waited there in silence until the opportune time. He turned to grab another cigar out of a wooden cigar box next to his chair. 
	“You shouldn’t smoke so much.” I said stepping out of the shadows. I watched his head snap towards me and his heart began to speed up.
	“Who…are.. You?” he stammered. 
	“My name isn’t important.” I stepped closer to him, with each step his heart sped up to an amazing pace. My vampire feature were visible. 
	“Oh my…. Please don’t bite me!” he begged, his breathing began to get heavy. 
	“Relax.” I ordered. “I’m not into drinking scum.” 
	“Scum? Do you know who I am?” he questioned me. 
	“Of course I do. That’s why I am here.” I said picking up a picture off the tv to study it. 
	“I don’t understand.” he stuttered. I sat down the picture and got really close to him. 
	“I can smell your fear.” I sniffed the air. I was doing what I had to do to scare him, even if I had to be extremely dramatic.
	“Don’t bite me.” he begged again.
	“Like I said I’m not into drinking scum.” I took a few steps back. His heart was beating like a race horse. I didn’t want him to die of a heart attack. “But I am here to warn you.”
	“Warn…..Me?” he began to laugh. “You don’t know who your dealing with, do you?” he chuckled a little more.
	“Oh I think I do. Do you know who your dealing with? I don’t think you do! You ordered humans to kill immortals. That will cause a war!” I watched a smile spread across his lips. 
	“I know.” he gave an evil laugh. 
	“Who you think will win? Humans?” I watched his face drop.
	“Yes! Your race and the other monsters are an abomination!” he stood up and pressed a button on top of the end table. 
	Five armed men came in. “Is there a problem Mr. Anders?” then they saw me. Without giving any orders they began to fire at me. I jumped out the window and landed on my feet on the concrete drive way below. I was hit, I could feel the burning of the bullets inside my body. 
	I ran into the thickest part of the tree line and out of sight. I leaned against the tree to see how badly I was hurt. This was the first time as a vampire I was shot, so I didn’t know if I was bulletproof or not. I watched in amazement as metal blobs popped out of my skin and onto the ground. My wounds healed as soon as the slugs were out. I ran my hand over the spots where I was shot and nothing. I was thankful at that moment that I was immortal.
	I picked up of the bullet slugs and stared at it with amazement. ‘Wow!’ I thought. I dropped it and ran deeper into the woods to get as far as I could from the mansion I could. All I thought about was of Dutch Anders and the new law. I knew a war was coming and the humans would be all exterminated. I hoped the vampires weren’t that stupid to rid all human life.
	I headed back to the hideout where I felt safe. I could hear angry voice before I entered into the main room. “Screw you, Michael!” I heard Gabe yell.
	“Calm down! Shit its only a suggestion!” Michael yelled back.
	“Hey! Whats going on?” I interrupted the screaming match.
	“He suggested we leave town and go into hiding.” Gabe said basically yelling at me.
	“Don’t yell! We are not going into hiding. Besides that Anders guy is wanting to start a war. If we leave everyone we care about will most likely die.” 
	“We? What do you mean we? Michael just wants you to go.” Stephen snapped.
	“No Michael, I’m not running. I have too much at stake here.” I glared at him.
	“What? The family that don’t even know you exist!” Michael snapped back.
	“Wrong!” I retorted. “They know now!” Michael went to slap me. “Do it! I dare you!” I dared him. He didn’t scare me and he knew it. 
	“You wait this will come back to haunt you. Just you wait and see.” he spun around and left. I watched him leave. 
	“War? What war?” Gabe finally asked.
	“Dutch Anders whole idea is to start a war between humans and immortals.” I turned back to face Stephen and Gabe.
	“That’s insane!” Gabe shook his head.
	“I know, we have to something about it.” I said
	“Like what?” Stephen asked. It hit me right then that we needed Michael. If he loves me as much as he says he does he will be willing to help me out. 
	“Shit!” I yelled. 
	“What?“ Gabe called after me. I ran out of the room to go after Michael. 	
	“Michael!” I called after him.
	“What?” he answered, thankfully he was still in the building. 
	“Stop!” I finally caught up to him. 
	“Changed you mind?” he asked. He looked angry.
	“No, but I need our help” I tried to sound sincere.
	“Help with what? He growled.
	“Most of the vampires listen to you and…”
	“And you need me to address the vampire nation.” He interrupted.
	“Yes. I know you don’t understand why I feel like I have to stay, Michael, but…...”
	“Actually,” he interrupted. “I do understand. Like you I wasn’t always a vampire. I had a human life too.” he said turning completely around to look at me. “I had children and a wife once.” he lowered his head.
	“You did?” I asked surprised.
	“I had 2 beautiful girls, twins.” he leaned against the wall. “Serena and Sabrina. Beautiful blonde girls, like their mother.” 
	“What happened?” I asked. “if I can ask.” I leaned beside him.
	“Its ok, not many people know about my past. I was trying protect the girls from an vampire invasion, I locked my wife and girls in the cellar. Me and my brother were keeping watch. We were taken over by the vampires. One bit me and left me for dead. My brother was killed instantly. They never got to the girls in the cellar. It was still dark when I finally came to, that when I realized what happened. So I went away from them scared of hurting them.” He turned away from me.
	“That’s what I did. I left my family, scared of hurting them. Scared I wouldn’t be able to control my thirst.” I placed my hand on his shoulder. 
	“I made an oath to myself, that I would never fall in love again. Until.” he turned and faced me. “Until I met you. I love you so much Nora.” he ran his hand down my cheek. “I am so sorry I even thought about slapping you.” 
	“I knew you wouldn’t.” I smiled. We kissed softly. 
	“You really need my help?” he asked.
	“Yes. You don’t have to stay, but I need you to address the vampires at least warn them of the upcoming war. So they are at least prepared.” he smiled at me.
	“Ok, lets go.” he grabbed my hand and we started to run to the train station. We walked into the throne room. 
	“Dean, Thomas, Joel and Wes I need you to put a word out that all vampires are needed here immediately.” Michael ordered. They bowed their heads and left right away. “Now we must wait. 
	“Have you ever heard about vampires escaping from the refugee camps?” I asked.
	“Yes, they aren’t guarded that well. Why?” he asked.
	“I killed a vampire not long ago. A child.” I said lowering my head.
	“They are out there, some as young as 4 or 5 years of age. Some vampires don’t care especially when thirst takes over, they don’t think and they are overcome with bloodlust.” he sat on his throne. “I want you standing on my right side when they come in.” I smiled at him.
	“Why?” I asked standing beside him.
	“You will be seen as my equal.” he took my hand and kissed it. I gave him a smile, I would also be seen as his mate.
	I stood there and watched other vampires fill the room. I could feel their eyes on me, wondering who I was. 
	Michael stood up and held his hand up, “Brothers and sisters of the Vampire Nation. I am sure your wondering why I have summoned you here on short noticed.” murmurs filled the room. He held up his hands again. “Trouble is on the horizon for our kind and the talk of war with humans is also approaching.” 
	“War?” a females voice echoed from the back.
	“Yes, please listen to me fully. It has come to my attention that certain humans are looking to start a war with vampires and werewolves….” 
	“Bullshit! You call us here to cause panic!” a males voice interrupted him.
	“No!” I said. All eyes were on me including Michaels. “The human who is leading this war will stop at nothing to make our kind and werewolf kind are exterminated.” I said.
	“Give us the name.” someone ordered.
	“No!” Michael yelled. “Harming this human will cause the war to come faster. Right now we have to protect our kind and even the werewolves.” 
	“Wolves are mindless beast!” someone called from the back. Michael quickly turned around giving me the stay quiet look and I did. 
	“No, we know the truth about the story, just because the wolves don’t isn’t their fault.” Michael said.
	“Who is the female?” A man asked  next to me. I looked at him and he was staring at me with distrust.
	“This is Nora Hanson, she is my mate.” he said, causing the room to hush.
	“Finally Michael after all these years you finally found someone.” a female said with kindness. 
	I seen the doors open and the crowd split and a woman in a red dress and 4 big men walked towards us. Michael stepped back up beside me.
	“Who is that?” I whispered. 
	“Raven, she is bad news.” he answered. “But she still has to listen to me.” she stopped and looked up at us.
	“Michael, I am appalled you called me here like a dog.” she snarled.
	“Raven, watch your tone, you are still part of the vampire nation and I still rule it. You will do what your leader asks of you.” Michael snapped. 
	“What does my leader want?” she asked. He went over everything again.
	“So, then its true about the war?” she shook her head. Then her eyes met mine. “Who is this divine creature?” she asked smiling at me.
	“Nora, my mate.” he answered.	
	“She is very lovely.” she winked at me. I turned away, I heard her chuckle. 
	Soon the room cleared and Michael left me to meet with the nation elders, there were going over a battle plan. I decided to leave and head back to the hideout. 
	I walked in to the garage to find it almost empty with no Stephen or Gabe. “Gabe!” I called out, nothing. “Stephen!” still nothing. I began searching everywhere. There was nothing left and they took all the serum as well. Something white flickering on the floor caught my eye. I quickly ran to it. It was a piece of paper, a note from Gabe.
	‘Nora, we didn’t abandon you, he moved. Last night when you were with Michael we were attacked by humans, led by Dutch Anders. Lucky we weren’t there. They now know we are there so do not linger here long. We are at the second hideout. You remember where that is? If not here is a clue, Elm. See you when you get here. Gabe.’ 
	I quickly left and headed towards the second hide out which was a pain in the ass to get to. First you had to swim underwater then go through a long underwater tunnel and you were there. 
	I surfaced to find Gabe and Stephen waiting for me. “You finally made it!” Stephen said with excitement.
	“Yeah.” I climbed out of the water and Gabe handed me a towel. 
	“Come with us.” Gabe said walking toward a tunnel. I wrapped the towel around me and I followed him. The place looked a lot like the garage, I just wondered how they got everything in there without getting it wet. 
	“We have news.” Stephen said, sitting down at the computer. 
	“What news?” I asked.
	“Corbin news.” Stephen teased. 
	“Corbin? What about him?” I asked.
	“We found out he is in Germany somewhere, we think Hamburg.” Stephen said typing away on his computer. 
	“So? Why do I care.” I asked.
	“You have a task. You have to go to Germany and get Corbin and bring him here to help out with this war.” Gabe said sternly and handed me a folder. 
	“What’s this?” I asked.
	“Plane tickets and a passport. Your going to Germany, tonight.” Gabe turned and left the room. 






































             


       

           Three	
	It’s been decades since I saw Corbin or any of the Crow Clan. It was time I tracked them down to help me. With many months of searching, Gabe traced Corbin down in Germany, he lived there by himself. 
	After he found out I was turned he cut all ties with me, to him I had died. Even though I no longer loved him like I did. I was in love with Michael but I missed his friendship. 
	I arrived in Berlin around midnight. I walked out of the plane and into the airport. It was crowded; it made me uncomfortable with so many eyes staring at me, as if they knew what I was. I pulled my hood over my head and quickly made my way out of the building and hailed a cab. 
	“Spec hen sie Deutsch?” the driver asked. 
	“No, I don’t speak German.” I answered. 
	“Oh, then how do you know what I said?” he teased.
	“That’s all I know.” I lied. I studied German before I left. 
	“Where to, Fräulein?” he smiled.
	“To the nearest hostel please.” I smiled back. He put the car in drive and we headed down the crowded street. He was listening to some weird German music on the radio.
	“Do you now this music?” he asked. 
	I shook my head. “No who is this?” I asked.
	“This is one of the greatest German singers, Sabina.” he smiled big, “and she is beautiful.”
	We pulled up in front of a busy building. People were falling over with beer bottles in their hands. Others were making out in the street. 	“Hostel Von Dora, are you sure you want to stay here?” he asked.
	“Yes, I am sure I’ll be ok.” I handed him a wad of money. 
	“This is too much, Fräulein?” he attempted to hand me back the cash.
	“No, keep it and thank you.” I slid my bag on my shoulder. I watched the cab’s tail lights fade into the fog that was beginning to rolling in. I walked into the building. 
	The TV was too loud and so were the people. As soon as they saw me they stopped talking and their eyes where boring holes though me with their stares. I walked over to the desk and lightly tapped the bell. I could hear a commotion coming from the back. The people in the room were whispering, fremder, which means stranger in German. 
	A grimy middle-aged man came from the back, zipping up his fly. He looked at me and frowned. “Was möchten sie tun??” he spat out.
	“Ich möchte ein zimmer” I answered. 
	“Verreisen! Wir brauchen ihre art wie hier!” he growled. I heard a noise from behind me, so I turned to looked. Two very large men stood up from the couch. 
	I turned back towards the grimy man. “Ich will einfach nur ein zimmer” I said as nicely as I could.
	“Nein! Wir brauchen ihre art wier hier!” he yelled.
	“Schau, ich will keinen ärger, gib mir einen verdammter zimmer! ” I could feel my eyes changing. The man took a few steps back and handed me a key.
	“Ja, Aimmer 14 im zweiten stock” he was now visibly shaking. I took the key gently from his hand and smiled.
	“Danke” I turned and headed up the stairs. I found my room and opened the door; to my surprise it was clean. 
	I sat my bag on the bed and headed to the window. I opened it to let some of the night air into the room. I could see the lights of Berlin and I was in awe how beautiful it was. I sat down on the window ledge and watched the people on the streets roam aimlessly. My cell phone vibrated my pocket startling me alittle. 
	“Hello.” I answered.	
	“Hey did you make it ok?” Stephen asked. I got up off the window ledge and headed over to the bed.
	“Yep, in my hotel room or should I say hostel.” I sat on the bed.
	“Well, we have more info on Corbin, he is actually in Berlin, he is staying in a hostel as well. The Hostel Quetsche.” he chuckled.
	“Ok, is that in the city?” I asked.
	“Yes, ask around, people will know it. The informer said people know it because there was a rumor about it, that werewolves and vampires both stay there. So be careful asking people about it.” he warned.
	“Yeah, yeah I got it. Good night.” I hung up the phone. I decided to get some rest. 
	I woke up to the suns warmth on my face. I rose up and looked around. I could hear people talking in the hall or more like yelling. I heard a small child crying. I opened the door and peeked out. 
	A woman was making a drug deal while her small child, who was no more then three, was clenched to her skirt. The child was dirty and visibly starved. The woman reached down and pried the little girl’s finger off her skirt and disappeared into a room with the man and closed the door. The small child was screaming. I slowly walked to the screaming child and kneeled down to her level. 
	“Hi sweetie.” she screamed louder. Right German. “Hallo sweety.” I spoken softly. The little girl looked at me with her big blue eyes huge with fright. Her blonde hair was matted to her head, showing signs of curls. Dirt was caked on her face, and she had two black teeth. I stayed out there talking to her for a few minutes and finally calmed her down. 
	“Her mother don’t care for her.” an older woman’s voice spoke. 
	I turned toward the voice. An old woman was standing in a doorway. 	“You speak English?” I asked.
	“Oh yes, and French. Her name is Anja; we all take turns caring for her. Her mother is a whore and don’t know who her father is.” I looked down at the now smiling child. I picked her up and took her downstairs. I took her across the street to a small store and got her a change of clothes and some food. We were walking around the store when she saw a teddy bear. He picked it up, hugged it and then sat it back. 
	“Mörgen sie das?” I asked, pointing to the bear. She shook her head and smiled. I picked it back up and handed it to her. “Du kannst es haber” When we got back to the hostel, I bathed and dressed the child in the clothes I just bought her. She looked and acted like a totally different child. After several minutes, I could hear her mother calling for her in the hall. 
	“Anja!” she yelled. I opened the door and let her out. Her mother did not even know her own child. 
	“Mama blick!” she held up the teddy bear. The mother scuffed and grabbed the child’s arm and disappeared down the hall. 
	I walked back into the room and shut the door. It was 3:15 pm and it was time for me to find Corbin. I showered, changed and gave myself a serum injection. I prepared myself for everything. 
	I left the room and headed out onto the busy streets. I saw a bum digging through some trash. “Entschuld, gen sie mich wissen sie, wo die herberge Kvatch? ” I asked. The old man lifted his hand and pointed.
	“Dieser ort ist die Hölle” he said under his breath. I headed in the direction he pointed. I was about to give up when a familiar scent hit me. Corbin’s scent. I followed it to a big run down building. 
	I pushed open the door and walked inside. No sign of anyone, I went to the desk and called out. A young man came to the desk, he was obviously a vampire. “Was?” he growled?
	“Ich interessiere mich fur Corbin Crow, suchen.” I said quietly.
	“Er ist nicht hier.” he growled back.
	“Nora?” a familiar voice made me turns. It was Corbin, looking like he stepped out of my memory. 
	“Corbin?” I walked toward him.
	“What are you doing here?” he asked. 
	“I came looking for you.” I smiled
	“Me? Why me?” he asked.
	“We need your help.” 
	“My help with what?” he asked.
	“Do you have time for me to explain?” I asked.
	“Yes, I have lots of time.” he turned and headed up the stairs. I followed him. He walked up to a door and opened it with a big silver key.
We stepped into his room. I watched him sit down on a wooden chair. “Ok now explain.” I shut the door behind me.
	“There is a war going on at home.” I said.
	“I heard about that. Nevertheless, I am not looking for war. I came here to have a life.” he shook his head.
	“Life? When is the last time you been with a woman, Corbin?” I asked.
	“You should know that.” he teased.
	“Me? I am the last woman you been with?” I asked.
	“Yes. What does this war have to do with me?” he stood up, walked over to the mini fridge, and pulled out a bottle of beer. 
	“Everything, your family will be effected and so will mine along with me. I know I am no longer human but my grandchildren are.” I could hear my voice shake.
	“I can’t Nora, I am sorry. I no longer belong in that life.” he sat back down. I reached in my back pocket and pulled out his sister’s letter. 
	“Corbin, we been through a lot together, more than a person lifetime of tragedy and happiness. All I ask is from you is help. If you ever loved me you would help.” I watched his head drop to the floor. “Here.” I handed him the note.
	“What’s this?” he asked. 
	“Read it.” he took the letter. “Bye Corbin.” I turned around and left the room and then left the building. 
	I made it back to my hotel room and decided I should leave. My trip was for nothing and I felt hopelessness wash over me. 
	I grabbed my bag and walked into the hallway. “Anja!” the child’s mother was running around looking for the child. This time she was frantic and so were a few others. 
	“What’s wrong?” I asked the old woman.
	“Anja is missing, she disappeared and there is talk of someone stealing children.” She walked back into her apartment. I shrugged and went to leave. A familiar smell caught me off guard. I sniffed the air, Victor. I thought. I followed it outside and down the street, it continued down a manhole. I lifted the cover off; I could smell the scent of Anja getting stronger. I could hear her crying from down the corridor. I quietly crept down the corridor, trying not to splash. As I made it father down the corridor Anja’s cries got louder. I could hear the sounds of growls of hungry vampires. 
	“This child isn’t even a meal, Sven!” a woman’s voice echoes.
	“She is the best I could do!” he yelled back. I hung my bag on a broken pipe and retrieved the gun I had hidden in the side pocket of the backpack. I snuck in behind them, Anja seen me. I made motions for her to close her eyes and she did what I asked. 
	I walked up behind the male and grabbed him, pulling him close. I pressed the barrel of the gun to his back of his head and pulled the trigger. The side of his head exploded onto the wall next to us. I then turn the gun and shot the woman in the head and she fell with a big slash. Anja still had her eyes covered. 
	“Hallen sie sie bedecked!” I told her. I reached over and picked her up.
	We made it back to the hostel, where they were happy to see her. Her mother grabbed her arm and hugged her. 
	“Meine Anja!” she sobbed.  
	“Danke” she smiled at me. I went back up to my room to rest. I was exhausted, I didn’t know why but I needed to sleep. 



















































	                             Four
	“Nora?” a familiar voice me woke up out a deep sleep. “Nora?” I opened my eyes to Corbin. 
	“Corbin, what are you doing here?” I asked.
	He held up the letter, “this,” he sat next to me on the bed. “I want to think you for this. Also I feel somewhat responsible for this war and for Noah’s creations. I will come back and help you.” he looked at me in the eye. Before I knew it, he was kissing me. 
	“Whoa! Corbin.” I quickly stood up. “I can’t; I am in love with Michael.”
	“I am so sorry. I didn’t know.” he stood up and walked over to the window. 
	I touched my lips, “Its ok. Just friends, ok?” 
	“Yes, just friends.” he smiled. 
	“We have to leave as soon as possible.” I said.
	“Ok, I am ready to leave whenever you want to.” he winked at me. I just sighed. 
	We stayed in the room all night. I felt uncomfortable being around him. Something was different about him. 
	“Nora?” he called my name. I turned to look at him.
	“How does it feel to be..?a vampire?’ he asked. 
	“I don’t like what I become but I always feel well and always ready to fight….” 
	He cut me off. “fight? That seems odd to hear that come from you. I still feel like I have to protect you.” he turned back toward the window. 
	The moonlight danced off his copper skin giving it a metallic glow. I couldn’t help but stare at him for a second. Yes, he was still handsome. 
	“I think I am going to take a hot bath.” I said. 
	“Ok, I will be waiting here.” he smiled.
	I walked into the bathroom and flicked on the bathroom light. The light flickered to life and I began running the water. I pinned my hair up and stared at myself in the mirror. My attraction for Corbin was strong, was I really over him. I asked myself. 
		As I sat soaking in the bathtub, with Corbin in the next room, I began to remember meeting Gabe and Stephen for the first time.
	‘I was sitting in the darkest part of the park. Scared, thirst was beginning to take control of my. With every person who walked by their scent sent me in a frenzy inside. 
	A woman and a small child walked by holding hands. The little girl and I locked eyes for a brief second. Her eyes got big as half dollars and her mouth opened to scream. I quickly lowered my eyes. I knew what she saw and I didn’t blame her for being scared. 
	Is this how my children would act if they saw me? That thought made me stand. I knew I had to get out of the park and get away from people, but I would not go back to the hide out. The others there were more focused on hunting humans then anything. I didn’t want to be a monster or kill another living creature.
	“Here.” a voice came out of nowhere. I spun around.
	“What?” I asked.
	“Wear these, they hide the eyes pretty good.” my eyes went from the sunglasses to the person holding them. I was staring at a young man wearing the same kind of shades. “Here take them.” he held them out father. I slowly took them from his hand. 
	“Who are you?” I asked slipping them on. 
	“Stephen. Who are you?” he smiled.
	“I am Nora. Why are you helping me.” he smiled and I seen his fangs. “Oh, ok, I get it.” 
	“Good. Where are you staying?” he started to circle around me, making me dizzy.
	“And you not do that please.” I lowered my eyes.
	“When is the last time you fed?” he asked.
	“A few days.” I said rubbing my head.
	“You need to feed.” concern was on his face.
	“I don’t hunt humans!” I snarled. 
	He smiled, “Good, you can come with me then.” he said waiting for me to follow him. 
		I followed him to a black SUV. There was another man sitting in the driver seat. “Stephen, Hells bells! Who the hell is that?” he pointed to me.
	“Nora this is Gabriel or Gabe.” our eyes met.
	“Hi Gabe.” I said weakly. 
	“Stephen?” 
	“Just go man.” I sat in the backseat by myself. I could see Gabe watching me in the rearview mirror. 
	“Relax, man. She doesn’t hunt humans. I think she might be a good candidate for Doc. Kane’s serum.” He turned around in his seat. 
	“This will help with the thirst and will keep you strong.” he smiled again at me. I was beginning to feel dizzy and weak. The whole vehicle was getting fuzzy and they guys in the front seat was beginning to sound faint. 
	I woke up in a bed, in a warehouse type building. There was a syringe next to the bed with a note. 
	‘Nora, best to take this in your ass. You will feel alittle high at first but it only lasts a few minutes, bummer. But it helps with the thirst and it will keep you strong and it also sustains you for a while. Stephen’
	I picked up the syringe and looked at it. There was purplish like liquid inside it. I stood up and injected it into my right butt cheek. I could feel the fluid ease its way into my veins. 
	After a few minutes, I felt a little funny. I sat on the bed, staring at the floor. 
	“Nora?” I looked towards the voice. It was Stephen.
	“How ya feel?” he asked. I smiled. 
	He smiled back. “Good stuff huh? Can you follow me?” sound more like he was joking then anything else. I shook my head and did just that. I followed him down into the garage and into a room full of weapon and explosives. 
	“What is this place?” I asked. Finally feeling back in my right state of mind. 
	“Well Gabe and I.. Well I guess to put it as simple as possible is, we are vampire hunters.” he walked over to a machine gun.
	“So you hunt your own kind?” I asked.
	“In a sense yes. But we only hunt the ones that kill and hunt humans. Our goal is to preserve human live.” Gabe said.
	“I get it, so what do you want with me?” I looked at Stephen.
	“Well, since you don’t hunt humans and obviously have respect for human life, well. How about joining us, what do you say?” he asked looking at Gabe.
	“Um….” I scratched my head. “Sure, what do I need to do? I mean I don’t have any place to go or own anything.”’ A knocked snapped me back from the memory.
	“Yeah?” I answered. 
	“Nora?” Corbin said my name. If my heart still had a beat it would be running away with me. 
	“What?” I answered. 
	“It can wait until you get out.” he said. I heard him walk away from the door. It didn’t take me long to get out of the tub and dressed. 
	I came out of the bathroom to find Corbin shirtless and sleeping on the bed. I could feel myself wanting to lay beside him. But Michaels face appeared in my mind, I then turned around and began to get my stuff ready to head to France. That’s where Kyle was living now, he didn’t know that I was a vampire either. This would be interesting, I haven’t seen him since Nikki’s funeral. I knew their granddaughter CJ was a werewolf too, she was living with Kyle. 
	After several hours of sleeping Corbin woke up, “How long did I sleep?” he asked.
	“A few hours, no big deal.” I said. 
	“Well, we better get going.” he sat up and finally slid on a shirt. 
	We hailed a cab outside the hostel and headed to the airport. The airport was packed, people where shoulder to shoulder. It made me nervous, Corbin agreed to get the tickets so I could stay back and not let people get close enough to feel my cool skin. After several minutes later Corbin returned with the tickets. 
	We boarded the plane with several other passengers. I walked down the aisle and found our seats. Corbin sat in the aisle, I sat by the window. The coolness of my body gave off would clue in the flight attendance what I was. The pilot came over the PA and spoke some instructions in German then French and then English.
	“Ladies and Gentlemen welcome to flight 479 non stop flight to Paris. Please see the non-smoking sign.” They did the typical in-flight instructions. “The in-flight movie is Funny Lady. Please sit back, relax and thanks for flying PSA Air.” 
	I kept looking out the window. “What’s so interesting down there?” Corbin asked.
	“People.” I answered.
	“Uh yeah. Why are you staring?” he said adjusting his seat.
	“Thinking.” I answered.
	“About?” He asked.
	I turned towards him. “Everything.” 
	“Can you be more specific?” he chuckled.
	“The war, the wolves, the…….” The flight attendant interrupted me.
	“Would you like anything?” she asked. I shook my head. Corbin flashed his charming smile.
	“Soda please.” he said giving her a wink.
	“What kind would you like?” she asked.
	“Surprise me.” he flirted. The attendant blushed, smiled and went to get his soda.
	“Same old Corbin and that rustic charm.” I teased.
	“Ha, ha. I attract the ladies.” he said jokingly, I just rolled my eyes. Then the whole cabin went dark and the movie started. I focused on the movie trying to get my mind focused on something else. A loud snore from beside me made me look. Corbin’s head was tilted back and his mouth was hung open. He was snoring so loudly people were actually staring at him. 
	“Corbin?” I whispered, poking him in the side. He jerked himself awake. 
	“Yeah.” acting like he wasn’t doing anything. 
	“Shit your loud.” I teased him. He gave an embarrassing chuckle and started to watch the movie too. 
	The seat in front of me moved and then a child’s face was peeking over the back of the head rest. He was a cute little boy around 9 maybe 10 with huge brown eyes. 
	“Bonjour.” he said with a smile.
	“Bonjour. Parlez-vous Anglais?” I asked.
	“Oui, only a little.” he answered.
	“What’s your name?” I asked.
	“Marcus?” he smiled. Missing his two front teeth.
	“I’m Nora. How old are you?” I smiled back.
	“Dix.” he looked at Corbin funny.
	“Dix? Ten?” I asked. He shook his head.
	“Votre mari ronfle bruyamment.” he said still staring at Corbin. The way he looked at him was odd, almost like he knew what he was.
	“Oh he isn’t my husband.” I answered. His head turned slowly towards me. 
	“Vous saves Françias?” he asked with a huge smile on his face.
	“Oui.” I answered. “but not very good, I rather speak English.”
	“Oh understand, mademoiselle.” he smiled.
	“You sure your only 10. You talk like your much older.” I teased. 
	“Yes, I am sure.” he chuckled. Something about this boy gave me an uneasy feeling. Something odd about  him. 
	“Marcus.” I heard a woman call from the seat beside him. He turned an looked at her. “Faire demi-tour. Asseyez-vous… En ce moment!” she sounded like she meant business.
	“Ah Momma!” he complained and turn around. The rest of the flight was quiet. I could hear Marcus and his “mother” talking from the front seat. They sounded almost like they were planning something and Corbin came up a few times then. How did they know his name? I quietly nudged Corbin awake.
	“Corbin.” I whispered his name his eyes slowly opened.
	“What?’ his tone matching mine.
	“The two people in the front seat are planning something and you seem to be the target.” I informed him.
	Corbin sat up in his seat. “Oh, you speak French?” he asked.
	“Yes, some.” I answered. 
	“I am going to go to the bathroom and see if either one of them follow me, and if they do you follow them, ok?” he said.
	“Ok.” I agreed. 
	Corbin got up and headed back to the bathrooms. Shortly after Marcus followed him. I went to get up but the smell of blood kept me sitting. The smell of blood coming from the front seat, red was appearing on the back of the seat. I stood up and looked over the front seat. There was the woman, dead, but made to look like she was sleeping. I hurried to get away from the blood and to make sure that Corbin wouldn’t get hurt. 
	I was standing outside of the stall that Corbin was in. I could hear talking and then I heard fighting. I threw open the door and Marcus was about ready to stab Corbin, I grabbed him and pulled him out. He smacked the seats behind me. Lucky the back of the plane was empty. The little monster stood up and his eyes were glowing, he was a vampire. 
	“You will die!” he growled at me. He darted towards me with a knife outstretched in front of him. I dodged it and turned to look at him. 
	“Why? Why are you after Corbin?” I asked. 
	“Victor, wants him dead and I am all to happy to kill him. His kind are an abomination to this world.” he growled. He went for me again. This time I grabbed him and threw him in the bathroom with Corbin who was ready this time, I quickly shut the door.
	I sat back down in our spot when a flight attendant came towards me, “Pardon me, Madame.” 
	“Yes?” I answered.
	“Where is the man who is sitting here?” she pointed to Corbin’s spot.
	“Rest room, flying causes him to have a sick stomach.” I lied.
	“Oh, would you like anything?” she asked.
	“No thank you.” I was holding my breath, the blood that was soaking the seat in front of me was setting my throat on fire. I grabbed my bag and headed back to the bathroom, I needed my serum shot.
	When I returned from the bathroom, Corbin was sitting down and sipping his soda. He acted like nothing happened. I sat next to him and gave him a puzzled look. He shook his head and then pointed to the seat in front of me that was now dripping with blood and it was now starting to flow under the seats and to the front of the plane. 
	Corbin called for the attendant and asked for 2 towels. She returned with them and I quickly laid them down to soak up some of the blood to give us time. 
	We finally landed in Paris at the Charles de Gaulle (CDG) Airport. We only had one bag each, so we didn’t need to go to the baggage claim. We headed right to the ticket counter. 
	“Excusez-moi?” I said to a tall woman with red hair. “Parlez-vous Anglais?” I asked.
	“Oui.” she answered. I sighed in relief.
	“We need a ticket to the U.S.” I said digging for my money.
	“Sorry, but all flights to America has been cancelled or delayed.” she answered.
	“Why?” Corbin asked.
	“I don’t know, I just got the announcement from my manager.” she gave a apologetic look. “Perhaps I could get you a hotel until the flights resume?”
	I turned and looked at Corbin. “Well.” I sighed.
	“Looks like we don’t have a choice.” he looked at the clerk.
	“Ok. Let me see what we have.” she began typing on the computer. “I can get you a room at the Radisson Blu Hotel. Its kind of expensive but they have 24 hour room service.” she study our expressions.
	“Fine, we will take it.” I answered.
	“Ok, One room or two?” she asked.
	“One with two beds.” I said.
	“Ok. All done. You have a room waiting. I am so sorry for the trouble.” she apologized. 
	“Its not your fault. And thank you.” I said sitting some cash on the counter.
	“Oh no mademoiselle, I can not take this.” she went to hand it back.
	“Have a good day.” I smiled and we turned around to hail a cab. I was starting to get tired, I needed to rest. Just because I was a vampire don’t mean I didn’t need to sleep. Like everything else in the world I too needed sleep. 
	We pulled in front of the hotel, the place was obviously for the rich. Men in three piece suits and woman in silk dressed were going in and out. I looked over at Corbin. At this pointed I didn’t care, I wanted rest.
	We walked inside and immediately everyone was staring at us. I quickly found the desk. The woman behind the desk looked at me up and down. “Die venue á Paris.” she said with a snotty tone. 
	“Parlez-vous Français?” I asked.
	“Oui.” she answered. 
	“Good, we have a reservation for Nora Hanson or Corbin Crow.” she raised and eyebrow and she got a good look at what we were wearing.
	“Rooms here are 600 euros a night.” she said typing on the computer.
	“Just get our room ready.” I ordered.
	“Very well, mademoiselle. Nora Hanson, room 67A, the sixth floor.” she turned around and took a key off the peg board behind her. “here you go, have a good night.” I took the key from her and headed to the elevator. 
	We walked into the beautiful room. I kicked off my shoes and plopped down on the bed and it took me no time to fall into a deep, dreamless sleep. I woke up to Corbin snoring on the other bed. I felt wonderful, like I could demolish a building. 
	After a shower and a clean change of clothes I was ready for the hunt. Kyle would probably try to kill me or his granddaughter/my cousin would. I waited for Corbin to wake up, he was tossing and turning in his sleep. I walked over to the window and looked out. I could see the light starting on the horizon. The sun look like a red ball of fire in the sky. Daylight was starting and I was ready. 
	
		



	
	



























                                    




















			      Five
	We pulled in front of the hotel where Kyle and CJ were suppose to live. Corbin looked around and then he was staring at the building. I watch his eye get big and black. 
	“What’s wrong?” I asked. 
	“Something is wrong here?” Corbin whispered.
	“What?” I asked, quickly walking over to him. 
	“Don’t you feel it? Like someone is watching us.” he said staring at the building.
	“Are you losing it, Corbin?” I asked, looking at him. I started to walk inside while Corbin just stood outside staring at the building. I walked into the lobby, which was empty. I then turned to my left and walked towards the desk. I tapped the bell for services, the first time nothing, second time a blonde woman finally emerged from the back. 
	“What?!” she snapped. I was taken back by her appearance. She was pale, paler than me and her make-up was dark. Gothic look taken to the extreme and she had a birth mark above her eye.
	“I am looking for Kyle Crow.” I finally said.
	“He isn’t here!” she snapped again. She turned quickly and walked into the back room. I went to leave when a woman’s scream made me stop in my tracks. I then ran out of the building as fast as I could without drawing attention to myself. As soon as I was out of the building several cars pulled up. 
	“Stop!” a man yelled at me. 
	“What’s going on?” I said throwing up my hands. They went to touch me. 
	“Don’t touch me!” I ordered. The man just looked at me like I was contagious, then forced me into the back of his car. I quickly looked around for Corbin, he must of ran when he seen the cars pull up. 
	Two FBI agents slid into the front seat, the older one turned around and raised an eyebrow. “You are in big trouble, Miss.” 
	“I didn’t do anything!” I snapped. 
	“Sure, like I haven’t heard that one before.” he turned around and we were moving. “How did you know Mr. Brown?” he asked.
	“Who?” I asked.
	“The hotel clerk, Garrett Brown. How long did you know him?” he asked.
	“I didn’t. What happened to him?” I asked.
	“Oh, like you don’t know, Miss.” he gave a sarcastic chuckle.
	“That’s why I am asking.” I snapped, feeling the anger welling up in my chest.
	“He was murdered.” the younger one finally said. The older one snapped his head to the side glaring at the driver. 
	“Murdered?” I said with shock. “I was only in the building for a minute, 3 at the most.” 
	“That’s all it takes to kill someone. We will get more answers down at the office.” the older one said. The rest of the ride was quiet, I hope they didn’t piss me off too much because I could kill them both with little effort. 
	We finally pulled into the underground parking lot of the Paris FBI building. The older agent let me out of the back seat and made me lead them in the building. I kept peeking over my shoulder at them, I didn’t trust them. 
	“Go sit over there on that bench.” the older one ordered. I quietly walked over to the bench and sat down. I leaned back against the wall and crossed my arms and legs. I was in no hurry and I didn’t want to draw any suspicion to me. 
	I watched people coming and going, finally they led me to back of the building to a room. As soon as I walked in they shut and locked the door behind me. 
	I stood in the room alone and mostly pacing the floor. I refused to let anyone touch me, knowing they would instantly know what I was. Finally after an hour or more of waiting 2 FBI agents came into the room. I knew what they were going to do, they were going to play good cop bad cop with me. I wasn’t stupid and I also was innocent. As they walked past me I quickly read their names. The older one was Agent Townsend and the younger one was Agent Richards.
	“Ms. Hanson?” Agent Townsend said.
	“It’s Mrs. Hanson.” I corrected him.
	“Mrs. Hanson? We don’t see a husband listed on here?” Agent Townsend said, looking at a folder.
	“He died several years ago.” I folded my arms across my chest and sat down on the chair at the other end of the table.
	“How did you know, Mr. Brown?” Agent Richards asked.
	“Who? Like I said a half of million times, I don’t know who that person is, I never met him.” I snapped.
	“Then why were you seen at his hotel?” they both finally sat down making me not so nervous. 
	“Like I said before, I went there to see a friend but he wasn’t there so I left.” I was getting mad that they weren’t listening to me.
	“Who was your friend?” Agent Townsend asked.
	“Kyle Crow, he is an American. But like I said he wasn’t there.” I answered.
	“Who said that?” Richards asked.
	“The woman at the front desk.” I answered.
	“Woman?” Agent Townsend looked at Agent Richards oddly.
	“Yeah, she was blonde with a odd mark just above her eye.” I pointed to where she had the mark. 
	“You sure?” Agent Townsend asked. 
	I shook my head, “Yes.” I said.
	“Will you be leaving back to the US?” Agent Richards asked.
	“Yes, as soon as the flights resume.” I answered.
	“Ok, you may go.” Agent Townsend said. Just like that I was free. Something wasn’t right. I wasn’t going to ask about the woman I just wanted to get the hell out of there. I grabbed my jacket off the back of door and left as fast as I could. 
	I grabbed a cab outside of the building and headed to the hotel where Corbin was. I walked inside before but I could reach the elevator I heard someone calling for me.
	“Miss!” the clerk yelled. “I have an urgent message for you!” she held up a envelope. I turned, walked over to her and gently took it from her.
	“Thanks.” I smiled and handed her several bills. I headed back towards the elevator, I opened the envelope and pulled out a piece of ripped paper out of it.
	‘Nora, I found Kyle and CJ. I will call you soon, be ready to leave. Corbin’
	I folded the note and shoved it back in the envelope. The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. I looked up and saw I was only on the 4th floor. I waited for someone to step on or for the doors to closed but neither happened. I quickly stuck my head out and looked in both directions to see if I seen anyone. Nothing, no one was around. I pressed number 6 and waited for the doors to shut. They finally did sending relief over my body, I had it with people. I wanted to make it to my room without being talked to or harassed. 
	The elevator door dinged open and this time on my floor. I hurried out and down the hall to my room. I had my key card ready, I didn’t realize how fast I was going until I heard someone gasp as I flew past them. So I slowed down and finally entered my room. I shut and locked the door behind me.
	“Finally.” I sighed. I opened my bag and dug out a change of clothes and headed for the shower. Just as I was putting shampoo in my hair my cell rang. I quickly rinsed it, wrapped a towel around me and ran to answer it.
	“Nora?” Corbin softly came from the other end.
	“Corbin? Where are you?” I asked.
	“Listen, go to the bridge east of the hotel, be there at midnight.” the phone clicked. I shook my head, this felt wrong to me. Why would he be so cryptic about it and not explain, that wasn’t like him. I hurried and got dressed. Still on edge about this meeting with Corbin, I felt like it was a trap. 
	I arrived at the bridge but hid in the shadows and watched. The same girl from the hotel was sitting on the railing of the bridge, smoking a cigarette. I could see the grey mist under the street lights. I watched her and thinking she looked like someone I knew.
	“See her yet?” a familiar voice said. Then I looked again, CJ? Was that girl CJ? 
	“No, pops. Are we sure she will show up?” she said flicking her cigarette in the water below. 
	“Yeah, Nora is very reliable.” a males voice said from the dark. I knew that voice it was definitely Kyle’s only a little older. I walked out of the shadows and walked towards them. The girl saw me and quickly jumped to her feet.
	“Pops!” she called to the male. A tall male appeared beside her then another one. Kyle and Corbin stood there looking at me. Kyle studied me and bared his teeth. 
	“Corbin, she is a vampire!” he yelled at him.
	“Kyle, its Nora.” Kyle looked at his little brother and back at me. 
	“Hello Nora.” Corbin greeted me.
	“Hey guys. So why am I meeting you out here.” I then looked at the girl. “Hello CJ or should I say Catharine Jane.” I joked.
	“CJ please.” she smiled. “I can see why my Uncle Corbin is so fascinated with you. You are beautiful.” Corbin gave her a glare.
	“So Nora.” Kyle said changing the subject. “tell me about this war going on between our kind and yours.” he asked.
	“Ever heard of Dutch Anders?” I asked.
	“Yes. Is he the one starting this war?” he asked looking at his granddaughter.
	“Yes. How well do you know him?” I asked. 
	“Dutch Anders is dead.” Kyle said.
	“Dead, No I just saw him not to long ago.” I was confused.
	“Dutch Anders died over 30 yrs ago when he tried to con some big businessmen in some kind of real estate deal.” he said. 
	“I don’t understand, then who is this pudgy bastard trying to do this war?” I asked. 
	“I don’t know, but we will go back to the US with you two and find out. I personally know him, so if he is really Dutch Anders I know then he is either a Zombie, werewolf or vampire.” Kyle looked at CJ. “Want to go to the US?” he asked her.
	“Hell Yeah, Pops! Lets fly?” she smiled. 





	

                                               





















                                                Six
	We board the plan to the US finally. We never found out why the flights were cancelled and I didn’t care, I just wanted to be back on American soil. CJ sat next to me with hesitation she sat down next to me. I could tell she was uneasy being close to me. 
	“Are you ok with sitting next to me?” I finally asked her.
	“Actually, I am a little uneasy.” she answered.
	“Why?” I gave her a serious look.
	“Because I know what you eat and I know some history of your kind.” she said.
	“Well I don’t eat what you think I do and the history of vampires are not what they seem. Beside I was human once and I was your grandmothers first cousin.” I said pulling out a magazine from the pocket on the back of the seat in front of me.
	She turned to looked at me and reached in her leather jacket pocket and pulled out something. 
	“Is this you?” she handed me a picture. 
	I took it to looked at it. I was shocked, it was a picture of me and Nikki with Matt and Kyle back in Philadelphia when I was pregnant with Travis. Matt was holding April in his arms, we were all smiling. 
	“Oh my.” I ran my finger over Matt’s face and then the kids. “Yeah, that was when I was pregnant with my son.” I handed it back to her. 
	“My Grandma told me about you a few times, but I didn’t realize she was talking about you.” she said shoving the picture back into her pocket. 
	“Yeah, I miss her.” I sighed trying not to think of the past. 
	“Uncle Corbin still love you, you know that right?” she said. We both looked over at the guys. Corbin smiled at me, he was still so handsome but then I thought of Michael. 
	“I know, but I am involved with someone.” I started to looking at the magazine and pretended to read.
	‘“I don’t want my picture taken. I am fat.” I said 
	Matt put his arm around me, “You could never be ugly, your pregnant and that’s a beautiful thing, besides it something we can look back on and remember this is the time where Nora was pregnant with my son.” 
	I smiled at Matt, “Ugh!” 
	Nikki came out pulling Kyle behind her, he didn’t want his picture taken either. “Suck it up Kyle!” she told him.’
	 Steady heavy breathing pulled me out of the memory. I looked over at CJ, she was sleeping peaceful. I began to feel myself getting the burning in the throat, time for my shot. 
	I walked back to the bathroom and gave myself a shot. I waited a few minutes for the burning to stop and made it back to my seat. I looked over at Corbin he was looking at me weird, then pointed to my eyes. I looked at my at my reflection in the plane window. My eyes were glowing red and looked really creepy. I quickly closed my eyes and pulled out my sunglasses, slid them on. 
	CJ woke up and looked a little disorientated. She looked over at me then over at Kyle and Corbin. 
	“Bad dream?” I asked. 
	She gave me a weak smile and sat up, “Yeah.” The flight attendant came over to us.
	“Can I get you anything?” she asked.
	“No, thank you.” I smiled.
	“Yeah can get a cup of coffee with cream and sugar.” CJ said. 
	“Yes, Miss.” the flight attendant disappeared behind a set of curtains. CJ then did a double take at me and was looking at my sunglasses.
	“Whats with the sunglasses?” she asked. I lifted them up and she took in a jagged breath. “Oh, gotcha.” she then looked over at Kyle. 
	“Want to trade spots?” Corbin asked her. 
	“Yeah, please.” she got up and her and Corbin traded spots. I looked at Corbin and he just smiled at me. 
	“I scare her.” I said.
	“Yeah, well your eyes are kind of creepy.” he said it jokingly. “lets see if they changed to normal.” he reached over and pulled off my sunglasses. “There they are back to normal.” he folded up my sunglasses and handed them back to me. I shoved them in my bag and zipped it up.
	I turned and looked out the window. The sky was black with some stars shined in the distant. “Corbin?” I finally said. I turned and looked at him.
	“Yeah?” he answered.
	“Ever wonder what might have been?” I asked.
	“Between us? Sometimes.” he shrugged. 
	“Me too.” I said turning back towards the window.
	“Why do you ask? Something on your mind?” Corbin asked. 
	“Just thinking of what might have been I guess. So how is Kyle holding up?” I asked.
	“I think pretty well, but the whole Nora’s a blood sucker thing makes him uneasy.” Corbin smiled. 
	“Blood sucker don’t really apply to me, since I don’t drink blood.” I smiled back at him. 
	“Yeah, I tried to explain that to him but he believe me, I guess.” he said looking towards his brother. 
	The Pilot came on over the PA. “Ladies and Gentlemen we will be making an emergency landing in Los Angeles. Sorry for the delay.” I looked over at Corbin and sighed. 
	“Well this sucks.” I shook my head. 
	We finally landed in the US and I was ready to kiss the ground. We walked into the air port. I kept away from people like always, Corbin was standing beside me. Kyle and CJ were sitting on a bench on the other side of Corbin. 
	“What do we do now?” Kyle asked. 
	“Lets rent a car.” I joked. 
	“Great idea, Nora!” Corbin lightly punched my shoulder. “Got any cash, I am broke now.” he asked.
	I reached around and handed him some cash, “here, make sure it’s a decent size car, I don’t want CJ and Kyle to be uncomfortable being too close to me.” I smiled at them. Kyle was glaring at me. 
	“Alrighty then.” Corbin took the money and headed to the car rental counter. 
	I leaned against the wall waiting for Corbin to get the car when something caught my eye. A familiar face staring at me from across the waiting area. I smiled at him and he smiled back. I quickly but carefully made it through the crowded area to him. He turned and went outside, I was on his heels. 
	“Michael.” I said feeling excited to see him.
	“Hi Nora.” he greeted me, but he didn’t seem as excited to see me as I was to see him. He hugged me and kissed my cheek, it wasn’t a lovingly touch it was like friends. Then another female and male appeared behind him. I pulled back. “Nora this is Josiah and Bethany.” he reached over and took Bethany’s hand. I looked at him and then at her.
	“Oh I see. Well its nice to meet you both.” I went to turn into the building. 
	“Nora, you were gone.” he said holding my wrist.
	“For like a month. Its ok. Bye Michael.” I continued into the building feeling hurt. Since being a vampire my emotions were more intense. Corbin was staring at me when I walked into the building, he could tell something was wrong. 	
	I went to where I was standing before I saw Michael. Leaned against the wall with my arms crossed staring at the floor. 
	“Ok, I got a SUV.” Corbin said dangling the keys. 
	“Great lets go.” I said taking the keys from his hand. 

	*******************************************************
	After several hours of driving, I had to pull over and let someone else drive, Corbin and I traded spots. After another hour we could hear some light snoring coming from the back. I looked back, Kyle and CJ were out. 
	“Nora?” Corbin finally spoke.
	“Yeah?” I answered.
	“What’s wrong? You act heartbroken.” he said.
	“Good observation.” I said looking at him.
	“What happened back at the air port?” he asked.
	“I saw Michael.” I said.
	“Oh, I thought he was your bf?” he asked.
	“Suppose to be, but I guess he found something better in a woman named Bethany.” I said lowering my head.
	“Oh, Sorry Nora-bug.” he said.
	“Nora-bug? I haven’t heard that in a long time.” I smiled.	
	“Oh, sorry.” he reached over and touched my hand that was resting on the arm rest.
	“So, we still going back to Philly?” he asked.
	“Yeah, I still have my house there and I still have the guys, Gabe and Stephen. Shit, speaking of which.” I dug out my cell and called Gabe. 
	Two rings later, “Hello?” Stephen answered. 
	“Hey, where is Gabe?” I asked.
	“Nora, Hell where are you? Did you find The Crows?” he said excitedly.
	“I am back in the states but I am driving back from LA and yes I have Kyle and Corbin both.” I answered.
	“Great, we been worried, its like worrying about our little sister. By the way we moved back into the old hide out.” he said. My phone started beeping.
	“Shit my cell is dying. I will see you in a few day. Ok?” I said before my phone died. “Great.” I closed it and slid it back in my pocket. 
	“They really love you, don’t they?” Corbin said. 
	“Yeah, they are my brothers.” I said. 
	“Talking to them really cheered you up.” he said. I could hear Kyle and CJ tossing around.
	“Lets find a hotel so we all can get some real rest.” I said. 
	We found Motel 6 just outside of St. Louis. We got 4 rooms, so we all had our own. 
	I was soaking in a bath when I heard someone knocking and open the door. 
	“Nora?” Corbin called out.
	“Yeah?” I answered. He came into the bathroom. 
	“Oh, Umm.” he went to turn. 
	“Embarrassed, its not like you haven’t see me naked before.” I chuckled.
	“Yeah, well that was when you were human. You probably don’t look the same.” he said looking at the wall. 
	“You think so?” I stood up. “Look at me.” I said. He turned around and looked at me up and down. “So, am I disgusting to look at?” I chuckled.
	“No, in fact your too tempting to look at.” he smiled. 
	“Really?” I slowly stepped out of the tub and over to him. I ran my hand down his face, then to the back of his head, pulled his head towards me and I began to kiss him. His arms slowly wrapped around my waist and pulled me closer to him.
	 He picked me up and carried me into the bedroom and laid me on the bed. I began to rip his clothes off, they didn’t stand a chance against me. Before we realized what we were doing, it was too late. 
	“Should I stop?” he said breathlessly.
	“No.” I sighed. 
	Early the next morning I woke in his arms. I rose up a little so I could see his face, he as fast asleep. I got up and slide on a long shirt and brushed my hair and put it up in a ponytail. 
	I stood there watching him, then I realized that my feelings for him never changed, they were just camouflaged by my feelings for Michael and Matthew. But I did love Matt more than anything. I had to stop thinking of him. Corbin finally woke up and looked down.
	“Well, that’s a first for me.” he said staring at me.
	“What is?” I asked.
	“I never been with a vampire before.” he winked at me.
	“And how was it?” I asked.
	“Like being with a human. It was fantastic! Are you kidding me? I been waiting for this to happen for years.” he said sitting up. We both chuckled.
	“We better get dressed, Kyle and CJ will want to leave soon.” I walked over to my back pack and pulled out a pair of jeans and a hoodie. Corbin stood up and his clothes were in shreds. 
	“Um, I don’t think I can wear these.” he held up a pair of shredded jeans and shirt. 
	“Oh, um yeah.” I chuckled and handed him a hotel robe.
	“Thanks.” he put it on. He walked over to me and kissed me. This time I let him. I wasn’t going to stop myself with him anymore. He left to go get some clothes. I threw on my back pack and headed down to the lobby. Kyle and CJ were already there waiting for us. I checked out. Corbin finally came down and checked out also. 
	Kyle drove this time while Corbin and I sat in the back seat. I pulled out a small laptop out of my backpack.
	“What do you have in there?” Corbin joked.
	“Look and see.” I handed him the back pack. He peeked in and chuckled.
	“Well be prepared I guess.” he zipped it up for me.
	“You have any weapons?” Kyle asked. 
	“Why?” I asked as the car came to a slow stop. 2 large men walked up to the car holding machine guns. 	
	“Get out of the car!” one ordered. We did what we were told.
	“What’s going on?” I asked. He grabbed me by the back of the head and dragged me to a limo.
	The door flew open and inside was Dutch Anders smoking a cigar. “We meet again. Get in the car!” he ordered. I got in and sat down.
	“What do you want?” I snarled.
	“There seems to be a small matter concerning vampires. And your face and name came up a lot.” he said drinking a dark glass and from the smell of it, it was blood. 
	“You’re a vampire?” I whispered.
	“Me, No I am no vampire.” he gave a evil laugh. 
	“I can smell the blood in the glass.” I said.
	“You can? Well then I guess your right, I am a vampire.” he turned and looked at me with his eyes glowing and his fangs showing. 
	“What do you want from me?” I asked again.
	“I want Michael to surrender the Vampire Nation over to me.” he snarled.
	“And what does that have to do with me.” I asked.
	“He is your mate.” he said.
	“No I’m not, he is with someone else.” I went to leave.
	“Really, I heard it was you.” he said puling out something from his pocket. 
	“You heard wrong!” I had my hand on the door and it flew open, 2 big men were standing there. 
	“Shoot her!” he ordered. 
	They dragged me out in the middle of a field. I could see Corbin, Kyle and CJ being forced to watch. 
	“Such a waste!” one of them said. I heard the click of  their guns. I closed my eyes and waited for the shooting to start. I heard 2 shots go off and then burning in my back. It didn’t hurt but I pretended to be dead. I held my breath and laid still. 
	“Is she dead?” One of the men asked. 	I felt his fingers on my neck.
	“Yes, she is dead!” he said. I heard them walking away. I could feel the bullets beginning to slowly move out of my body. 
	I waited for everyone to leave before I attempted to move. I heard footsteps running towards me. 
	“NORA!” someone yelled. Corbin bent down and rolled me over to face him, I acted dead.
	“Is she dead?” Kyle asked.
	“They are leaving!” CJ said. I began to blink.
	“Your alive!” Corbin whispered.
	“Yes, I am a vampire, shots from a gun wont kill me. I been shot before.” I rose up and dusted myself off.
	Corbin hugged me tightly. “That scared the shit out of me!” 
	“Yeah, me too.” I said.
	





























                                    















                        

                                     Seven
	We arrived at the big house in Philadelphia. I was thankful the children didn’t sell it and neither did the grandchildren. 
	“Who’s house is this?” CJ asked.
	“Mine, it’s the house in that picture.” I bend down and pulled the key out of the hiding spot. I unlock the front door and we walked in.
	“Wow! This place is huge!” CJ said. 
	I walked around and checking out the house fully. It hasn’t been lived in for years. Cob webs were thick and a heavy layer dust covered everything. I turned and walked up the stairs and stopped outside my old bedroom door, I slowly opened it and walked in.
	The room was exactly as I remember it. I walked over to the bed and seen the blood stains from Matt. I ran my fingers over it and took a sigh. 
	“Nora?” Corbin called from the door. 
	“Yeah.” I answered.
	“There is a guy at the door looking for you. He said his name is Zander?” Corbin said.
	“Oh, yeah that’s my great grandson. Let him in.” I said walking over to the closet. I opened the door and walked in. I ran my hand over the clothes and something black caught my eye. I pulled out a black garment bag and walked over to the bed. I sat it on the bed and unzipped it. I pulled out my wedding dress. 
	“Nora?” Zander voice surprised me.
	“Hello Zander. What’s going on?” I asked.
	“I been waiting outside for you for awhile. I need a place to stay.” he said.
	“Yeah? You can stay here.” I put the dress back in the bag and hung it in the closet. 
	“You really are my great grandmother, aren’t you?” he asked really understanding everything.
	“Yes.” I turned and looked at him. 
	“Who are those other people?” he asked.
	“Well CJ, the girl is your distant cousin. Kyle and Corbin are old friends. And I guess Corbin now is my mate.” I said looking at him. 
	“So where will I be sleeping?” he asked heading for the door. 
	“Follow me.” I led him out of the room and down to Travis’s old room.
	“This one, this was Travis’s old bedroom.” I didn’t go in. 
	“Thanks.” he said as I walked away and back downstairs. 
	Kyle and Corbin were turned into their werewolf selves. I was shocked. CJ was changed too, she looked smaller then the guys. Corbin changed when he seen me. 
	“Its been along time since I changed.” he said rubbing his hand down his arms. I informed them that Zander was a werewolf too.
	“He is? How?” Kyle asked.
	“You should know, you turned Matt into one, remember?” I said.
	“Oh yeah, where you were pregnant with April.” he said finally remembering. 
	CJ morphed back into a human. “I’m hungry.” she blurted out. Kyle turned and looked at her. 
	“Me too.” Corbin said. The werewolves were hungry.
	“There is a store about 5 blocks that way.” I said pointed to the store.
	“Is it still there?” CJ asked. 
	“Yeah, I seen it as we passed by.” Kyle said. “Ok who has money?” he said digging in his jean pockets. 
	“I do.” I handed them some money. CJ and Kyle went to the store. Corbin and I held each other. 
	“The feels wonderful, to finally be able to be with you without any limitations.” Corbin said.
	We kissed and just held each other. “Who’s son is that kid upstairs?” he asked.
	“Travis’s grandson Zander. He inherited the werewolf gene from Matt.” I pulled away and looked around at the pictures on the mantel. 
	“Who are these people?” Corbin asked.
	“Well, that is April when she married James. That is Travis and his family. That is Zander’s dad when he was a baby.” I said pointed at the pictures.
	“Your lucky, you got to have children. I never had any.” he said picking up the picture of April and Travis when they were babies.
	“Yeah, but I never really seen them grow. Victor turned me and I just stayed back and let them grow up with out me. I wish I could do it all over again.” I said.	
	“Really?” Corbin said. 
	“Yeah, Why?” he sat the picture down. 
	“What if things could be changed, how far would you go back?” he asked.
	“High School.” I said, studying his expression.
	“Really?” he smiled.
	“Yeah. I know I shouldn’t be like that because I loved my children. But That’s when things went wrong.” I walked over to the couch. 
	An hour later Kyle and CJ ran inside the house. “It started!!” they yelled.
	“What started?” Corbin yelled. 
	“The war! Its coming this way!” CJ yelled. 
	“Shit, you 4 shift and We need to make it to the hide out!” I yelled. We ran out the back door. I could hear the fighting. I ran as fast as I could to the hide out. 
	We finally made it there. “Stephen! Gabe!” I yelled. The war didn’t reach there yet. They came running out to me.
	“What the hell!” Gabe yelled.
	“The war started! We need to get armed!” I growled and ran up to the weapons room, I found my guns. I slide into my leather suit and armed myself including a silver sword. I walked out of the weapons room and met huge werewolf eyes. 
	“Lets go!” I yelled.
	We headed back towards the big house. The fighting was gruesome and bodies of humans to vampires alike were spewed everywhere. 
	“OH NO!” Corbin said pointing to the big house, the whole structure was engulfed in flames. That’s where we got involved in the fight. Two very big vampires ran for us. 
	I pulled out my guns and began firing on them, but they were still advancing. I pulled out my sword and took one swipe and decapitated one of them. The other blind sided me and grabbed me by the throat and carried me a good distance. He turned me around so I could see what was going on. All I seen was there 3 long metal rods sticking out from a wall. He threw me on them. 

*************************************************************

	I woke up with jolt, staring at Corbin’s face. I reached down and touched my chest, checking for wounds. 
	“Easy, sweetheart!” he helped me up. I felt something weird inside my chest. I held my breath and felt my heart thumping in my chest. 
	“What happened?” I asked.
	“Well, I guess you fainted.” he helped me up.
	“Fainted? Why?” I asked.
	“I guess someone attacked you in the dug out. Do you remember who it was?” he asked, throwing his tux jacket over me. I shook my head in a daze. 
	I was confused, was that a nightmare? It felt so real. I reached over and touched Corbin’s face. It was warm and smooth.
	“You ok?” he said.
	“Yeah, I think so.” he helped me to the van.
	“Were we going?” I asked.
	“I need to take you home, your grandpa will be worried about you.” he said sliding in the drivers seat.
	“Grandpa?” I said smiling.
	“Yeah.” Corbin looked at me funny.
	We pulled in front of the house, several lights were on. Corbin helped me out and walked me to the door. The door flew open and my grandpa was standing there. I wrapped my arms around him and began to cry, really cry with tears. 
	“Oh my!” he said wrapping his arms around me too. 
	“Mr. Treeman, someone attacked her, but she don’t remember who it was.” 
	Corbin helped me up to my room and helped me dressed. I kept touching his long silky black hair and his unwrinkled face. 
	“Whats going on with you?” he asked.
	“Your so cute..”  I said smiling at him. I almost felt drunk with feeling my heart beating.
	Corbin left after helping me in bed. I looked around my room. I jumped up and walked over to the mirror and looked at myself. I was staring at my 17 yr old self. 
	A nightmare! I told myself, it must have been a vivid nightmare. I pinched myself. OUCH! Ok I am awake. 
	I took a deep breath, this is my second chance to live my life with Corbin and to make things right and I was going to. 
	
	

	

	





















French

1.Do you speak French?-Parlez-vous Français? 
1.Welcome to Paris- Die venue á Paris 
1.No- Pas
1.Yes- Oui 
1.Sir- monsieur
1.Dickhead- connard
1.Kiss my ass! - enbrasser mon cul!
1.Where to?- Our aller?
1.Do you speak English? - Parlez-vous Anglais?
1.Goodbye- au revoir 
1.Evening - soiree 
1.Hello - Bonjour 
1.Are you two married? - Éstes-vous marié deux?
1.Your husband snore loudly? -Votre mari ronfle bruyamment 
1.You speak French? -Vous saves Françias?
1.Miss - mademoiselle
1.Turn around.- faire demi-tour
1.Sit down! - asseyez-vous
1.Now! - en ce moment
1.- ah mom - Ah Mamma 


German
1.Spec hen sie Deutsch? - do you speak German
1.Fremder - stranger
1.Wir brauchen ihre art wie hier - we don’t like your kind here
1.Fraulien - miss
1.Dame - lady
1.Erist nicht hier - he isn’t here
1.Was möchten sie tun? - what do you want?
1.Aimmer 14 im zweiten stock - Room 14 on second floor
1.Verreisen - Go away
1.Ich möchte ein zimmer? - I would like a room
1.Ich will einfach nur ein zimmer- I want a room
1.Schau, ich will keinen ärger, gib mir einen verdammter zimmer! -Look, I don’t want trouble, give me a damn room!
1.Danka - thank you
1.Hallo, sweety - hello sweety
1.Mörgen sie das? - Do you like this?
1.Mom blick - Mom  look
1.Entschuld, gen sie mich wissen sie, wo die herberge Kvatch? - Excuse me, Do you know where Hostel Kvatched is?
1.Dieser ort ist die Hölle - that place is Hell.
1.Hallen sie sie bedecked! - Keep them covered!
1.Ich interessiere mich fur Corbin Crow, suchen.- I’m looking for Corbin Crow
1.Meine - my
1.Du kannstes haber-You can have it. 

Welch
1.Hon r Amerikanska, Ester.- she is American, Ester
1.Amerikanska va - American huh?
1.Ge henne speciella, Ester- Give her the special, Ester.
1.Kommer hon lämna om jag gör- will she leave if I do?
1.Intel on du inte bråttom - not if you don’t hurry
 






