Pawns of the Prophecy 
by Peter Michael Lazar

Copyright 1999 Peter Michael Lazar
All rights reserved. 

Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It remains copyrighted property and may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite e-book retailer to purchase a personal copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

This e-book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Pawns
of the
Prophecy
Table of Contents
The Prophecy of the Chosen 
Prologue 
Chapter 1 - Orphans 
Chapter 2 - The First Shield
Chapter 3 - Attack by One
Chapter 4 - The Prophecy 
Chapter 5 - The Journey Begins
Chapter 6 - The Swordsman 
Chapter 7 - The Swamps of Rin
Chapter 8 -Bryth
Chapter 9 - Harra Duun 
Chapter 10 - Skeldaar
Chapter 11 - Journey to Lintor'el
Chapter 12 - The Archer and The Giant
Chapter 13 - The Herdyn
Chapter 14 - The Torwyn
Chapter 15 - Preparation for War
Chapter 16 - The Second Battle of Lintor'el
Chapter 17 - The Second Shield
Chapter 18 - A Son Revealed
Chapter 19 - The Centaur Plains 
Chapter 20 - Storyteller
Chapter 21 - The Story of Riza
Chapter 22 - Ka'raan
Chapter 23 - Xyrnax
Chapter 24 - The Third Shield 
Chapter 25 - A God's Return
Chapter 26 - A New Queen
Epilogue 
About the Author 
The Prophecy of the Chosen
Two Chosen - One to save, one to destroy.
A Child of Blood will come
to break shields and bring a god's return.
Aid from a brother, powerful in magic,
evil demons and long-dead knights.
An act of violence will begin his way.
A Child of Light will come,
orphan child and dragon-friend, 
to protect the shields.
Aid from the wizard, the swordsman, the archer, 
the giant, and The Blade of Many Forms.
A strange attack by one will begin his way.
In a time of darkness, they will meet at the third.
One will fail, one will succeed,
the fate of man is thus decided.
Prologue 
Salek, Commander of the Army of Crendill, sorted through the many papers on his desk. With his muscular form, he did not look nearly as proper sitting at a desk as he did when leading his soldiers into battle. 
Although he was entitled to assistants to deal with the numbers on the pages, and others of lower rank had the authority to make decisions, Salek always reviewed their orders. He knew that the only way to maintain a complete understanding of his army was by monitoring its morale, training, and the many other things that kept his soldiers employed. Commanding an army is not just a matter of telling soldiers who to fight. 
Salek had been working for hours, and the pile on his desk was not getting any smaller. He sighed and leaned back, running his hand over the dark stubble that covered his shaven head. His mind was aching after so much reading. Just when he had decided he was done for the night, his assistant walked in. 
"Will you be wanting anything else tonight, my lord?" asked the young man. 
"No, Dorin. Go to bed."  
"You do not give me commands, Child. 
Salek glanced up from his desk with a look on his strong face that most men had learned to fear. His dark eyes glared at his assistant, and his jaw clenched as he held back his rage. He stood up slowly and pointed his finger at Dorin. 
"You had better remember who you are addressing, boy," Salek cautioned, advancing toward the youth. 
Dorin grinned at him arrogantly. Suddenly, the boy's features melted away like wax, and he grew taller. A few moments later, all signs of the boy had disappeared. 
Standing in his place was a man in a dark red cloak. The man was completely bald and looked like a skeleton with skin stretched over it. With deeply set violet eyes, he gazed calmly at Salek. 
Salek's eyes widened in fear as he fell to his knees in front of his master. 
"Gagenor, my lord, forgive me. I had no idea it was–" he gasped, suddenly stopping when the other man raised his hand.
Clutching his head, Salek felt a burning sensation that rapidly intensified until he fell over. 
"Be quiet, fool! I risk enough coming to you in the king's castle. Events are moving faster than I had foreseen, and it is time for you to help me."
Salek stood up slowly, cautiously watching the figure of the Blood God before him. His throbbing headache was worse now. 
"I thought you were a god. What could I possibly–" 
Before he could finish speaking, he was driven to his knees in pain.
Gagenor smiled and watched Salek suffer. 
"My powers are greatly limited in your world, so I must work through you. How many times have I told you this? You are still my Chosen, aren't you?" 
"Yes, my lord. I am sorry," Salek answered quietly. 
Here was the only being in the world that he feared. No mortal could make him behave this craven. 
Gagenor looked at Salek for a few moments without talking. This made Salek fidget nervously.
"There now, you see. I could break your mind whenever I wish, but that does not mean I have to be cruel. Listen carefully. I have something very important to tell you."
Gagenor walked behind Salek's desk and took a seat in his servant's chair. 
"Of course, you know of my brother, Learoden," he began. 
"The God of Light." 
"Yes. Yes. Whatever he calls himself now. In the past, he created three shields to block me from physically staying in this world. I do not know where they are. You must find them for me and destroy them so that I might return without constraint to this world." 
"But–" 
"Wait, there is more. Learoden has chosen someone of his own to stop you. I am blocked from him, but I do know he is just a child. He is going to search for the shields to protect them." 
"What do I have to fear from a child?" 
"Ah, Salek, you weren't listening. Yes, I have made you strong using my powers, but Learoden's Chosen has many who will help him and several weapons at hand. You must be wary. If he stops you, all my plans will be ruined." 
"I will not fail you, my lord," Salek declared confidently. 
"I hope for your sake that you do not. I do not enjoy being disappointed. Now, go to sleep, for I will return soon." 
With that said, Gagenor pulled up his cloak's hood and faded from sight. 
Salek walked to his chair and slumped down into it. He took a deep breath and thought, I will not be sleeping this night. 
Chapter 1 - Orphans
The great warrior Jalen turned to face his oncoming enemies. 
Three ogres, each armed with a club as big as its leg, growled menacingly as they advanced. Sharp tusks jutted out from thick jaws, making it difficult to understand the curses they spat at him. 
The warrior was not frightened in the least. He had killed too many ogres today to be worried. Raising his sword and preparing for battle, he said, "Run, you foul beasts! I, the great Jalen, will defeat you without even breaking a sweat." 
At that, the ogres roared and charged the warrior. 
He sidestepped the first ogre's falling club and cut off its arm and shoulder. Before the body hit the ground, he embedded his sword in the heart of the second ogre. Finally, he ducked under the swing of the third ogre, spun around, and removed its head. Black blood poured out of the wound as the body lay still. 
"What no more?" Jalen shouted as he kicked the corpses at his feet. 
Suddenly, Jalen became aware of rustling leaves followed by heavy footsteps like those of some great beast. The trees around him shook with each step, but he could see nothing. 
"Ah, now I've found you," roared a booming voice behind him. 
Jalen whirled around and looked up at the figure towering over him. The man pushed the branches apart and stepped closer, an amused smile on his face. 
Jalen's daydream abruptly ended. 
It was his friend, the wizard Gaeridellan Razidene. 
The older man had short gray hair and a thin beard of the same color. A cheerful glitter played in his intelligent brown eyes. 
"Doing battle again, my boy?" 
Jalen shook his head and dropped the stick he had been pretending was his sword. 
"Sorry, Gaerid. I was playing." 
"Don't apologize, Jalen. A boy of your age should have a strong imagination. I trust you have finished your chores already." 
"I did them." 
"Good," he said, ruffling the boy's light brown hair. "I have an errand I need you to do for me." 
"In town?" Jalen asked, his face brightening with hope. 
Welden Falls was by no means a large village, but to a boy of ten years, it was the entire world. The many sights, sounds, and smells of the town were fascinating to him. 
"No, I need you to find some plants in the forest." 
Disappointed, Jalen asked, "Can't you just make more?" 
Gaerid laughed and answered, "If I could do that, I could be king of Crendill. I have told you before that only a god can make something from nothing. Now, I need a sharp thorn blossom, some moss, a grasshopper, and a maple leaf. Do you think you can manage that?" 
"Yes, Gaerid." 
Jalen did not mind gathering things for Gaerid, who was almost like a father to him. The wizard had known Jalen's parents, and he had looked after Jalen since their deaths, nine years ago. 
Jalen was not sure how old Gaerid was but guessed the man was fifty or sixty because of his gray hair. Gaerid was still in good health and chopped his firewood every winter. He often told of old battles as if he had been there to witness them. The boy guessed that it was magic that made it difficult to know his age. 
Although just a commoner, Jalen had the education of a highborn. Living with a wizard, he had learned to identify all the plants in the forest. He could also find his way using the sun and the stars. Jalen had even learned a little about magic. He was not able to perform magic, but he knew how to meditate and focus his will. 
Jalen very much appreciated meditation. It helped him control his emotions about being an orphan. The other boys in the village never made fun of him because of his loss, but he always felt a gap between them and himself. 
*** 
Walking deeper into the forest, Jalen stumbled over a rock before noticing a maple tree across a clearing. At the base of the tree, he picked up one of the biggest leaves he could find and put it in his pouch. He then looked up at the sun to determine in what direction he was headed. 
Jalen turned east toward the Dyane river, where he knew he would find a sharp thorn bush and some moss. As he approached the river, Jalen felt a strange sensation come over him as if some force were pulling him across the river. 
"If that is not magic, then I've never felt it before," Jalen said to himself. 
His curiosity piqued, he forgot his chores and walked in the direction of the pull. It led him across the river into a rocky area that led up to Dome Mountain. As he got closer, he realized that he was headed toward what appeared to be a deep cave. It was so dark inside that nothing could be seen. 
Treasure maybe? Jalen thought to himself. 
He pulled one of Gaerid's light sticks from his pouch and broke it in half. He was glad the wizard made magic devices that could be used by a person who did not possess magical abilities. 
Now able to see, Jalen entered the cave. It did not go back far, and he followed as it turned to the left. Jalen did not see anything ahead and was about to turn back when he heard a voice in his head. 
"I did not think you were coming."
Jalen looked into the biggest pair of eyes he had ever seen. 
A dragon, he thought. Gaerid was right! 
The beast's head was big enough to swallow him whole, and its red scales glinted brightly in the dim light. For the first time in his life, Jalen was truly afraid. 
"This Gaerid fellow seems very wise."
"P– Please don't kill me!" Jalen cried. 
"Do not worry, boy," the dragon's voice said in his head. "I have no ill will towards your kind and have heard that humans do not taste very good." 
Glancing at the dragon's teeth and claws, Jalen relaxed somewhat on hearing this but was still apprehensive. 
"It's not as though I talk to dragons every day." 
"I assure you. I will not harm you."
"How is it that I hear you while your mouth stays shut?" Jalen asked. 
"I can send you my thoughts as well as hear yours. Go ahead and think of your name for me."
"Jalen." 
"Well done. It is rare to find a human who can speak with dragons. I am Gralla. Now I know your name, and I am glad to meet you finally. I've watched you and the wizard for years and was surprised you had not found me sooner." 
"If you don't want to eat me, why did you call me?" Jalen asked. 
The dragon made a snorting noise that Jalen realized was laughter. 
"My, it has been a while since I've talked to a human. I had forgotten how much of a hurry you always are in. You got right to the point, Jalen." 
Gralla sighed and continued. 
"Very well, I am dying and need your help." 
Dying! Jalen thought, his concern quickly overwhelming his fears. "What can I do? Gaerid can heal anything. I know he could help." 
"No, my friend, no one can help me. I am too old, and my time is over. However, I do need you to protect something for me." 
Jalen was about to ask what the dragon meant when she raised her wing, revealing a single silver egg nestled in some grass and leaves. It was completely smooth and about the size of a human head. 
Gralla brought her tail up around Jalen's shoulders and pulled him closer. 
"Jalen, this is my child. His name will be Uri. I only wish I could be able to see him grown. You must protect him until he can care for himself."
"But how?" Jalen cried aloud. "I know nothing of raising dragons. Why me?" 
"Relax," she assured him. "Who better than a wizard and a child? Your friend Gaerid can protect him with magic. All you must do is feed him and keep him safe." 
Jalen thought this over for a while. I know about cows and horses, but a dragon is something completely different. Where would I keep an animal that would grow that large? How could I be sure that Gaerid would allow me to bring this creature home?
Jalen was about to refuse. What changed his mind was the thought that this dragon would grow up without a mother. He knew what that was like and did not wish this beast to suffer the same pain. 
"I will raise him like I would a brother, Gralla. I will protect him as best as I can."
"Now, I need not fear death. I know Uri will be safe." 
Gralla gently lifted the egg in her claw and offered it to him. 
Jalen cautiously took the egg in his arms. He expected a considerable weight, but it was surprisingly light and warm to the touch. He knew he had made the right choice. 
"Take care of him, Jalen, there are few of us left. Keep him warm. Think kind thoughts around him until he hatches. Go now, I am tired and wish to sleep." 
Jalen made his way back toward the mouth of the cave, stepping carefully so as not to drop his special package. 
"Farewell, brother to my child." 
"Goodbye, Gralla. Gralla?"
There was no answer, and Jalen felt Gralla's presence leave his mind. A tear fell from his eye as he understood that she had just died. He sensed that he should do something but knew that nothing could help her now. 
Jalen headed back toward his home. He was feeling sad yet held hope for the new life in his arms. 
*** 
"Let me see, page twenty," Gaerid muttered as he turned the pages of his recipe book. He could not remember if the stew required one onion or two. He looked out the window. Where is that boy? He knows when dinner is. 
As if answering his thoughts, Jalen appeared from the edge of the trees carrying something shiny in his arms. 
"Gaerid!" Jalen yelled. "Gaerid, where are you?" 
The wizard stepped out of the doorway and walked over to the boy. 
"Jalen, I may be old, but I know a maple leaf when I see one. That is no maple leaf." 
"It's a dragon egg," Jalen shouted quickly. "His mother, she said we have to raise him and–" 
"And we had better get him inside by the fire before the poor thing freezes. I'll get blankets while you take the egg inside." 
Jalen walked into the house and stood facing the warmth of the fire. Gaerid returned with his arms full of blankets and formed them into a makeshift nest. The boy stooped down and gently laid the egg onto the pile of cloth. 
The wizard looked down at the egg and then at Jalen. He had a smile on his face. 
"I must say I'm impressed. I ask you for some plants, and you return with a dragon egg. Next, you'll be telling me that you want to raise it." 
"That's what Gralla said." 
"Gralla?" 
"His mother," the boy explained. "She told me that his name is Uri, and we have to take care of him." 
Gaerid stroked his short beard absently. "Being given a dragon egg is a great honor, Jalen. Did she say why she did this?" 
"She said that she was dying and needed us to protect him." 
"Dying?" Gaerid exclaimed. "Why didn't you tell me sooner? Where is she?" 
"It's too late. She has already died." 
"I see. I am sorry to hear that. Gralla was always a good neighbor." 
"You knew her?" 
"I had never seen her, but I was aware of her. This is sad news, but now it seems we have a new member of the family. We cannot let this affect our health, so we had better have our dinner. You can tell me your story while we eat." 
"Should I leave him?" Jalen asked, turning to look at the egg. 
Laughing, Gaerid said, "He will be quite all right, son. He is not ready to hatch yet." 
*** 
"My goodness," Gaerid exclaimed after hearing the boy's tale. "That was quite a story, Jalen. Most folks live their entire lives without such an adventure." 
Jalen took a bite of bread and chewed thoughtfully. 
"What do we do now? I don't know anything about dragons." 
"I have a few books you can study. It is a great responsibility, but you know more than you give yourself credit. You can already talk to them and hear them. That is a rare talent. I cannot hear dragon-speech. It will not be long before our new friend is bigger than you." 
"He will get as big as Gralla? Where will he sleep?"
The only thing Jalen could think of that was large enough was the barn. 
"We will worry about that later. Now, we should both get some rest." 
"Can I stay out here with Uri?" 
"Of course. Goodnight, Jalen." 
"Goodnight, Gaerid." 
Gaerid stood and started walking out of the room. At the door, he turned back and looked at the boy with concern. Could it be him? 
*** 
Over the next week, Jalen was very attentive to the egg. He still did his chores but stayed with Uri whenever his time was free. He talked to the egg in his mind, the way Gralla had taught him. Although he heard nothing in response, Jalen told Uri about Gralla, Gaerid, and himself. 
One day, just when the boy had finished talking to the egg, a crack appeared on its side. 
"Gaerid!" Jalen yelled. 
The wizard ran into the room and glanced at the dragon egg. He looked at Jalen and smiled. 
"I guess he finally got tired of sitting in that egg." 
"What do we do?" Jalen asked frantically. 
"You must do this yourself, Jalen. Make sure you are the first thing he sees. Trust me. It is for the best," Gaerid insisted. Then, he left the room. 
Before Jalen had a chance to panic, he heard several cracks from the egg and noticed the tip of a claw pushing outward. He was tempted to help, but something told him he should not. 
A few minutes later, Uri had his head and forearms out of the shell. With a final effort, he was completely free. Covered in a sticky pink film and trembling, he looked around with wide eyes. 
Jalen sat down on the floor to get a better look at the little dragon. Uri was the size of a small cat and as red as his mother. He had no horns on his head, but a tiny pair of wings was present. 
Suddenly, Jalen felt a rush of emotion coming out of Uri. It was a blast of fear so intense that he could not think straight. He reached out to the dragon with his mind. 
"Peace, Uri, you are safe. I am Jalen." 
Uri looked at Jalen and blinked a few times. He took three clumsy steps forward to get close enough to sniff the boy's hand. He licked it once and then nudged it with his snout. 
"Dragon-brother."
"Yes," Jalen answered, surprised that the dragon could already speak. "I will protect you." 
Jalen grabbed a blanket and began cleaning the slime off Uri's body. As he did this, Jalen received thoughts of contentment from the dragon. The beast looked up at him and growled playfully. 
"It seems you bonded rather quickly," Gaerid said from the doorway. 
Uri looked up at him and then back at Jalen. 
"Magic man?" 
"Yes," Jalen told him. "That is Gaerid." 
Now reassured, Uri growled at the wizard in greeting. 
"And hello to you, my little friend," Gaerid responded. 
The dragon played with Jalen's feet for a while before curling up in his lap. Uri and the boy slept that way until morning. 
Chapter 2 - The First Shield 
Salek walked down the hallway with energy in his step. He was returning from the armory, where he had just received the inventory report. As he was passing a door, he was pulled inside by a thin hand. It was his brother Traven who was Royal Advisor to the king. 
"I greet you, Blood Child," Traven whispered. 
Salek looked at his skinny brother and answered, 
"I greet you, Blood Child."
Although Traven looked like nothing, he was a wizard and very powerful in Blood Magic, the dark magic of Gagenor. 
"I have found something that should interest you," Traven began. "As our Blood Lord's Chosen, you know your duties, don't you, Salek?" 
"Yes. I am to help him to return to us." 
"I meant according to the prophecy," Traven said impatiently. "'A Child of Blood will come to break shields and bring a god's return.' I have shown you this before." 
Salek sighed and clenched his fists to check his anger. 
"Why are you wasting my time with things I already know? I am to break the three shields. Unless you know where they are, this discussion is pointless." 
Traven smiled, which always reminded Salek of a rat. 
"I've got the next best thing, brother. Here." He held out a piece of paper. 
Salek glanced at the old page in surprise. There were three shields drawn on its surface, and on each shield could be seen the profile of a bald man's head that he immediately recognized as Gagenor. He knew these were the shields he was seeking. 
Traven quickly hid the sheet back inside his robes. 
"Now, you know what you seek." 
"Thank you, Traven. Our lord should be pleased. Has anyone else seen this?" 
"Of course not." 
"Does anyone suspect us?" 
"Who could? The King? Ha! Karras is a fool. Our sister has no concern besides her charities. And I think it would be fair to say that Deryn is too stupid." 
"Good. I will begin my search immediately," Salek said, turning to go. He hesitated and asked, "What of the Child of Light?" 
"I have told you before. There is nothing my magic can do to find him."  
*** 
Salek had searched all the weapon shops in Sidea, the capital city of Crendill, and was worried about ever finding one of the shields. He came to realize that he might be forced to search the entire kingdom of Crendill and beyond. 
Salek chose five of his best soldiers, all of whom were loyal to Gagenor as well, and spent the next year searching through every armory and smith in Crendill. They found nothing and did not even come across anyone who had heard of the shields. Salek was frustrated and wondered if the shields even existed. 
Over the next two years, the small troop expanded their search northward, seeking clues among the famous forges of the Dwarves. The Dwarf king admitted to Salek that he had heard of these great shields, but he had never seen them or known others who had. 
Salek and his men continued north, passing through the many smaller countries allied with Crendill. It was no problem to gather information in these countries since they shared common languages. However, no one had heard the legend surrounding these magical relics. Then, the six men crossed the border into Bergon and spent the night. 
"Yes, my lord," said the innkeeper. "I have seen it with my own eyes. There is a smith who lives just a few days to the east. His name is– what is his name? Yes, he is called Yenna." 
"You are sure of this?" Salek asked sternly. "I have been searching too long to be sent after some village gossip." 
"I would not lie to you, sir. It is there." 
*** 
The following morning, the group departed to find Yenna. They arrived after two full days of riding at a squalid-looking house with a tiny smith behind it. The forge was inactive, and no smoke was rising from the chimney. 
Salek was no longer optimistic. He was grimacing at the surroundings when a dirty dark-haired man came out of the house to greet them. 
"How can I help you, friends?" the man asked, showing a mouth that only held a few teeth. 
"Are you the smith named Yenna?" Salek asked. 
"Yes, sir, that is how I am called." 
"An innkeeper informed us that you have a special shield in your possession." 
"He spoke truly," Yenna said, his eyes widening. "Would you be wanting to buy this shield?" 
"I would have to see it before I decide that." 
"Of course, let me bring it to you." 
The smith disappeared into the small building and quickly returned, carrying a silver shield in his hands. 
Salek took the shield and was immediately worried. It was the right size and shape but had hardly any weight to it. There was a picture etched onto its surface that looked somewhat like Gagenor, except the ear was too small. He turned it over to look at the back. 
"Is this shield supposed to be a joke?" Salek demanded. 
"What do you mean, sir?" Yenna asked, looking about nervously. 
"You must think me stupid to be fooled by this," Salek snapped. Pulling out a long dagger, he gestured to his men. "Hold him." 
As they grasped Yenna by his arms, he tried to struggle. 
"Stop. That shield is my property. You must not damage it."   
Salek did not answer. Instead, he scraped his dagger along the edge of the shield. A small area of silver fell away to reveal the copper underneath. He held it up to show Yenna. 
"Would this happen with a true shield?" 
"Please, allow me to explain–" 
"I don't want to hear it. Just look at this handle, a leather strap! And these bolts are too new for a shield that is supposed to be old. What are you trying to accomplish with this fake?" 
"I am sorry. I was only trying to keep the wife and me fed properly. I am not very skilled at metal-working." 
"And?" 
"I saw it in a book a long time ago and thought I could make a bit of coin off it." 
"Not anymore." 
Salek threw the false shield against the side of the house, shattering it into several large pieces. 
"Let us be on our way," he ordered, climbing onto his horse. 
Yenna cried out as the soldiers released him and cursed at them as he ran to gather the remnants of the shield. 
*** 
Salek and his men, having explored all the land on the Crendillan side of the Eldrian Sea, now had no choice but to cross its cold waters. They gained passage on a ship from Kilaen to the famous merchant port of Eidol, a venture that added months to their already lengthy journey. Salek was hopeful of finding information in the large city of Eidol, where many traders sold their wares from around the world. Unfortunately, they learned nothing. 
Having no clue where to look next, Salek and his soldiers traveled from country to country and searched every smith and armory. Salek's mood gradually worsened with each failed stop. The slow pace and pointless searching made him impatient and less willing to deal with strangers. He began to use something that was universally understood: violence. He and his men tore apart each place, and the owners of the properties could only stand aside and watch helplessly as their homes and workshops were ransacked.
Over the next three years, Salek and his men came across two more false shields. One of them had been made at the request of that country's king. The other was created by a man with an ailing business and looking to make money. The soldiers dealt with the first by destroying the shield and giving the man a glove to the head. Salek himself almost beat the second opportunist to death. Eventually, the soldiers began bullying all shopkeepers. 
*** 
Upon entering the tiny country of Eleva, Salek and his group got a lucky break while searching through a small weapons shop. They found a shield at the rear of the shop hidden under a pile of cheaply made shields and beneath a loose board in the floor. The shield was covered in dust and looked as if it had not been touched for years. 
"My lord!" cried a young soldier holding a silver object and running towards Salek. 
"Let's see it, Judolen."  
The soldier put the shield in Salek's arms. It was unimpressive as shields go. A plain silver shield with a face carved into it. However, Salek could feel the power coming out of it, pulsing as if with the heartbeat of a living thing. It was one of the shields protecting the world from Gagenor. 
Salek walked the shield over to the smith. A soldier was holding a blade to the short man's throat, and the man's eyes were wide in fear. 
"I don't think you understand the importance of this shield," Salek said. "It was wrong for you to hide this." 
Sweating profusely, the smith looked at the shield with confusion, as if he had never seen it before. 
"Please, sir. I– I didn't know," he truthfully begged. "I didn't make that shield. I've never even seen it before today!" 
Salek held the magic shield in his arms as gently as a mother holds her child. He looked at it with pride and imagined the reward that would come as a result. 
"It is no matter. I must take this directly to the king," Salek declared. 
He turned to face his men. "Finish up here." 
"Sir," one of the soldiers said. "What do we do with him?" 
Salek only nodded and left the building. As Salek waited outside, the soldier guarding the smith slit the innocent man's throat. 
*** 
Having returned to the capital city of Sidea, Salek sat back in his chair. He was pretending to listen to the king talk when, in fact, he wanted to be searching for the next shield. He glanced around the room at the royal family. 
King Karras, his oldest brother, was babbling about the growing discontent among his subjects. Karras had no idea of how to run the kingdom of Crendill. The people liked him, but he was not one to take charge of things. The real power rested in the king's advisor, his brother Traven. 
Salek and Traven's eyes met across the table. Salek nodded slightly and smiled a knowing grin. Gagenor had recruited Traven soon after Salek, and Traven was the only one in their family that Salek trusted. Traven's abilities in magic, which were already considerable, had been heightened by the knowledge of the dark god. 
Salek next glanced over at his brother, Deryn, who was cleaning his fingernails with a knife. As head of the King's Guard, Deryn oversaw the safekeeping of Karras. His sword fighting skills were impressive, but he was too impulsive and always looking for a battle. He had been left out of Salek and Traven's plans on purpose. 
Finally, he looked at Dareila, who was listening intently to the king. Dareila was Deryn's twin sister. With their long black hair, the similarities in the twin's faces were remarkable. But where Deryn's angular facial features lent him a fierce look, Dareila's face was soft and decidedly feminine. She was considered as beautiful as women who were ten years younger. Dareila was also denied knowledge of Salek's plans as she was too concerned with her causes. 
Salek viewed his family as obstacles standing in his way to the throne. As the commander of the army of Crendill and Gagenor's Chosen, he had plenty of power but longed for the throne. 
I should have been firstborn, Salek thought. Why did I have to be born last?
King Karras finally sat down and gestured to Salek.
"You have been absent for a long time. What is it that you have found, my brother?"  
Salek stood and removed the cloth covering the shield. 
"I found this hidden in a smith's workshop on the outskirts of Eleva. It gave off a strange power, so I thought it best to bring it straight to you." 
"Thank you, Salek. What do you make of this, Traven?" 
The magician stood and spoke. 
"I found a piece of prophecy pertaining to three shields that Learoden made to keep Gagenor out of our world. I believe this could be one of those very shields." 
"Fascinating," Karras said, holding up the shield and inspecting it. "Yes, I can feel the power of which Salek spoke. What else did the prophecy reveal, Traven?" 
"Only that there are two Chosen. The Chosen of Gagenor seeks to destroy the shields which would allow Gagenor to return. Learoden's Chosen wants to protect them. That is all I have been able to translate as of now." 
Karras thought about this new information for a few moments. Salek already knew what the answer was going to be. He figured that the king was just trying to think of a way to give his answer in a regal manner. 
"I believe that it is our ultimate duty to protect all of the citizens of Crendill. We must guard the shields to keep the Blood God out of our world." 
Not bad, Salek thought. 
"Traven," Karras continued. "You must use your magic to ward this shield from the servants of Gagenor. Does any person here not agree?" 
Met by silence, he continued. "Salek, as you have found this shield, I command you to seek the others. Also, I wish you to find the Chosen of Learoden and make an ally of him." 
"Yes, my lord." 
"Why am I not included?" asked Deryn, sounding like a five-year-old instead of a man of forty-two years. "Am I not permitted to aid in this? Let me search also." 
"Shut up, Deryn," Salek snapped. "This is a military search mission. While you are a passable swordsman, you could never be a soldier. That's why you're with the Guard." 
"You are petty, Salek," Dareila scolded. 
"I don't recall asking for your opinion, dearest sister," Salek said sharply. 
"Enough!" demanded Karras as he stood up. "I may forgive you because of our family bonds, but I am king and will not stand for such childish behavior. Now, does anyone else wish to question my orders?" 
Deryn and Salek stared death at each other, and all were silent after the outburst. 
"Very well," Karras said. "Let us each get on with our day's work. Good luck to you all." 
Karras left the room with Deryn following closely behind. As Dareila was gracefully gliding out of the room, she glanced back at her brothers. Traven and Salek were clasping hands energetically. 
"We have been successful so far, brother," Salek said. "This is very promising." 
"Yes," Traven replied. 
"Do well with your part, Traven." 
"We each will do what must be done, Salek. You have to find those shields quickly." 
"I am the Chosen. I know my job." 
Chapter 3 - Attack by One 
Jalen sat on the bank of the river skipping stones across its smooth surface. He was going to be eighteen in a few days and was thinking about joining the army of Crendill. The excitement of the outside world was pulling at him sharply. 
A sudden push from behind knocked him from the rock he was sitting on, and he fell into the cold water. Sputtering, he stood up and looked around to find the culprit. There stood Uri, now fully grown, waving his tail back and forth playfully. 
"I would have thought you would see my shadow, at least," the dragon teased. 
Jalen smiled and climbed back onto the bank. 
"Am I supposed to go home wet now?"
"Of course not," the dragon replied, spreading his wings. Uri dug his claws into the ground and fanned his wings, rapidly raising a strong wind that almost blew Jalen back into the river. 
Jalen saved himself by grabbing onto a nearby tree. 
"Wasn't that a bit much, Uri?" Jalen said. 
"I could have breathed fire on you but thought you might prefer this way. Let us go back to the house." 
"I'll meet you there."
"I have a better idea," said the great beast. 
Uri grasped Jalen with his forelegs and leaped into the air. 
The wind rushed through Jalen's hair as they glided over the treetops, and the joy of flying made Jalen wish he had been born a dragon. 
As they neared the house that Jalen shared with the wizard, Uri slowly circled downward in slow, lazy turns. With one last flap of his wings, he landed softly and gently set Jalen down on his feet. 
"That was one of your better landings," Jalen said, laughing. 
"I have only hit one of Gaerid's apple trees. That was four years ago when I was learning to fly." 
*** 
Uri and his adopted brother lay in the field near the house, sunning themselves in the spring light. Jalen had his hands behind his head and was leaning against the dragon's neck. He was still thinking about the army and could not decide what he should tell Gaerid. 
"Why do you want to join the army anyway?" asked Uri. 
"What sort of life is this for me? Doing chores all day and living on a farm. I should be out in the world!" 
"Humans are always in a hurry to die," said the dragon. "Have you no concern for me? You would leave me with a wizard to whom I cannot talk!" 
Jalen paused at this, realizing that he was selfish. He was preparing to leave this house and never come back but had not even considered Uri. 
"I'm sorry. I never thought about you and should have talked to you first. It–" 
Uri stopped him. 
"Do not worry, my friend, I was rash. I cannot expect you to live your life for my sake. I will not stop you from doing what you wish." 
"Thank you," Jalen said, scratching behind the dragon's ears. 
Uri gave a low growl of satisfaction, then lifted his head and sniffed the air. 
"Is that lunch?" he asked. 
Jalen laughed and said aloud, "Always hungry, aren't you?" 
"I'm a growing dragon."
"I know. Come on."
*** 
"There you are, Jalen," Gaerid said. "I was about to call you. I can only guess that our large friend's nose brought the message first." 
The dragon put his head through the doorway to see what the wizard had made. 
Gaerid threw a biscuit across the kitchen, which Uri caught and swallowed. Gaerid laughed. 
"Go on, you beast. That is all you get. There's deer in the forest and fish in the river. That is what most dragons eat." 
"A man is telling a dragon what dragons eat. I'm surprised he didn't try to show me how to fly." 
"He's right, Uri," Jalen responded. "Anyway, I need to talk to him alone."
"Raw fish tastes better than his cooking," Uri said, sending Jalen into a laughing fit. 
The young man glanced at Gaerid. The look on the wizard's face sobered him quickly. He shut the door gently and sat down at the table. 
Gaerid crossed his arms and looked at him thoughtfully. 
"I know you are having thoughts of leaving. You are almost a man and should go your own way. Tell me about your plans." 
Well, I have already told Uri, Jalen thought, there is no reason not to let him know. 
Taking a deep breath to calm himself, Jalen spoke of his plan to join the army of Crendill and serve King Karras. 
"That is an honorable choice. Life is not easy in that profession, and it can be dangerous to be a soldier. However, if it is your wish, I will not stop you." 
"Gaerid," Jalen said cautiously. "How soon can I join? I want to go as quickly as I can." 
The wizard put a reassuring hand on the young man's shoulder and smiled. He kept forgetting that this 'boy' was nearly eighteen years old, and he no longer had to care for a child. This time, he needed to advise a man. 
"I think you should wait until spring ends. On the first day of summer, I will go with you to town for recruitment. Until then, I want you to think seriously about how this decision will affect your life." 
"Thank you, Gaerid. I will. Let us have lunch now." 
"Right," answered the wizard, walking over to the food. "Broiled fish and beans, my friend. Here we go." 
*** 
Later that day, Gaerid and Jalen were practicing with quarterstaffs. Uri lay sprawled on the lawn and was lazily watching them as they circled each other. 
Jalen aimed a swing at the wizard's shoulder that was blocked. Gaerid spun his staff around and under the youth who jumped over it with ease. They crossed staffs between them and laughed. 
"Good," Gaerid said. "You've learned much." 
"I've had a lot of practice," Jalen answered. 
They practiced together about three times a week, and Gaerid was a good teacher. Despite his gray hair and age, the wizard was still quick on his feet and in perfect health. 
Jalen again found himself wondering how old the man was. 
Quickly, Gaerid lashed out with his quarterstaff and stung the young man on his hand. 
Jalen dropped the staff and rubbed his hand while shaking his head in frustration. 
"Sorry," Gaerid said, "you were thinking again. Your mind must be empty of stray thoughts when you fight. Do not follow the staff." 
He spun it across his wrists, behind his back, and over his shoulder. 
"Ignore all movement. Only watch the eyes. They tell you when your enemy will attack." 
Jalen picked up his staff and dropped back into a fighting stance. He tossed his head to clear the hair from his eyes. Turning his weapon slowly, he emptied his mind of distracting thoughts, watched Gaerid's eyes, and waited for the attack. 
Jalen did not have to wait long. Gaerid aimed a blinding flurry of blows at his opponent's head. 
Jalen barely blocked this onslaught with his staff. 
The clapping of wooden staffs echoed across the clearing. Uri, suddenly more alert, watched the exchange with interest. 
Jalen slashed sideways at the wizard's head. 
The older man ducked and returned the favor. 
As he dodged Gaerid's swing, Jalen stayed low and turned his staff sideways. He waited for the man to miss and jabbed the end of his quarterstaff into the wizard's stomach. 
"Oof!" gasped Gaerid, falling backward ungracefully. He breathed in deeply to get back what had just been knocked out of him. Then, he grinned up at Jalen, laughed out loud, and clapped his hands. 
"Yes. Exactly. That is what I meant. You learn very quickly." 
"I could be a soldier yet," Jalen said, leaning against his staff with all his weight. 
"You have forgotten something, though." 
"What's that?" 
"Never assume the battle is over."
Gaerid kicked the staff out from under Jalen, causing the youth to fall onto his hands and knees. 
Uri snorted his laughter. 
*** 
A week later, Gaerid and Jalen were facing each other once again, this time across the remains of the young man's birthday meal. They leaned back from the table, each stuffed with too much food. 
Gaerid lit his pipe and put his foot on the edge of the table. Suddenly, he sat up straight.
"I forgot to give you your birthday gift, Jalen." 
He stood up and walked back toward his room. The boy stretched his neck, trying to see what the wizard was getting. Gaerid returned with a long slender object wrapped in red cloth. He handed it to Jalen and sat down. 
"Go on. Open it." 
Jalen slowly pulled back the cloth to reveal what was hidden. He looked down at his gift, gasped, and looked over at the wizard. 
"My goodness," Jalen said in awe while picking it up from the table. "It's beautiful." 
His gift was a walking staff. Light but as thick as a tree branch, it had two rings of silver dividing it into three sections. At its end was a silver cap with the head of a wolf embossed on it. Jalen ran his fingers along the length of the walking stick. 
"Did you make this, Gaerid?" he asked. 
"No, my son. That was your father's staff. I kept it to give to you on this very day." 
"My father," Jalen whispered, looking at the staff with wonder. 
It was the only thing he had that connected him directly with his parents. Tears forming in his eyes, Jalen walked around the table and hugged his friend.
"Thank you, Gaerid. This means so much to me." 
"Wait, my boy," the wizard said. "This is no time for tears. Today is one of the most important days of your life. Be happy. Your childhood is behind you. You are a man now, and your future is opening up before you." 
*** 
That night, Jalen lay tossing and turning in his bed. After an exhausting day, he had expected to fall immediately asleep yet now found himself unable to do so. He kicked off his blanket and sat up. 
Might as well do something instead of just lying here, he thought. 
Jalen put his boots on, took his father's walking stick, and went out onto the porch. He looked up for the moon, but dark clouds covered the entire sky. A chill wind was blowing from the south. He knew that this meant the coming of a storm. 
Jalen sat down and began to think of his future. 
I do not know how I can leave this place. My best friends are a wizard and a dragon. How many other people can say that? I never want to leave them, but something pulls me out into the world. Surely Gaerid does not expect me to stay here forever. He must have known– 
A sudden low noise, as if someone had coughed quietly, cut off his thoughts. 
Jalen was instantly on alert and looked around for whoever had made the sound. He crept slowly into the yard, peered into the dark forest, and stood motionless listening for any sound. He thought he heard breathing behind him and spun around to face the most horrifying thing he had ever seen. 
The creature that hissed at him looked vaguely human but was wrong somehow. Its skin was pale and covered with short, thin hair. Glowing eyes were above a mouth filled with sharp teeth. The beast was quite skinny and seemed to be all arms and legs. The horrid monster snarled and threw itself at him. 
Jalen barely had time to lift his staff before he fell backward with the creature on top. The only thing keeping it from biting into him was his father's walking staff, which he was using to push the creature away. Jalen turned his head as far from the hot breath of the beast as he could and felt his arms beginning to weaken. Using his leverage, he kicked the creature off. 
It fell back but was on its feet in an instant, eyes flashing. 
Before it could attack again, Jalen hit it across the face with the staff. 
The creature jumped back and hissed fiercely. With lightning-fast hands, it grasped the staff from Jalen, threw it aside, and let out a piercing cry of triumph. Then, the beast was on Jalen, its hands around his neck. 
Jalen fought for air, but the stranglehold would not allow it. Black spots began to appear before his eyes as he choked. He feared death and was about to lose consciousness when he saw a large dark shape looming over him. 
The shape turned out to be Uri, who roared his outrage at the attack. He opened his jaws and caught the creature about its waist. Uri shook the beast violently back and forth before throwing it several yards where it hit the trunk of a tree and fell to the ground. 
Unharmed, the slender creature stood up and started forward slowly, cautious of the huge dragon standing over it. 
Uri attacked again, slashing out with his claws and removing one of the creature's arms at the elbow. 
This time, the beast shrieked in pain, and blood poured from the wound in his arm. Even with this damage, the creature continued to move forward. 
Uri could only think of one thing to do. Inhaling deeply, he built a fire in his throat and blew a large flame from his mouth and nostrils that engulfed the creature. Screaming and writhing in agony, it seemed to burn forever. Finally, Uri silenced its cries by crushing it beneath his foot. 
"Jalen, are you all right?" Uri asked, turning to the young man. 
Jalen sat up, coughing and rubbing his throat. 
"I'm fine." 
Gaerid came running out of the house. 
"What's going on?" 
He caught sight of the burnt creature's body. "What is this, now?" 
"Something attacked me," Jalen said hoarsely. "What is that thing?" 
Gaerid bent down to examine the remains of the creature. He then moved over to the arm Uri's claws had removed. Picking it up, Gaerid winced and muttered something about "only one." Then, the wizard turned to face Jalen and the dragon. 
"That, my friends, is a very burnt Arkwil." 
"Arkwil?" 
"Yes. Arkwils are horrid creatures created long ago by the Blood God Gagenor. He took humans and twisted them into what you see now. What confuses me is that there is just one." 
"Why is that unusual?" Jalen asked. 
"Arkwils always hunt in packs, but this one was alone." 
"You mean they hunt like wolves?" 
"Exactly. They are never far away from a group and only hunt during the day. Hmm, a strange attack by one." 
"What?" 
"Later. Let me see your neck, Jalen." 
Jalen walked over to the wizard and allowed his throat to be examined. As the wizard gently massaged his neck, Jalen felt a faint tingling sensation, and all soreness left his neck. 
"There, your neck is healed. I can do nothing about the bruises, but those will fade in time. Let us go inside. I have things to discuss with you." 
When Jalen started towards the house, Uri grunted at him. He walked over to the dragon and put his hand on its snout. 
"Thank you, Dragon-brother."
"You worried me, Jalen. I am glad I was awake."
Uri wrapped his tail around Jalen and squeezed gently. 
After a moment, Jalen untangled himself and went to the house. 
Chapter 4 - The Prophecy 
Gaerid, holding a sheet of paper in his hand, paced back and forth across the room. He ignored the stacks of books piled upon his desk and the rows of shelves labeled with different plant names. 
Jalen sat in a nearby chair and waited for him to speak. He had never seen the wizard in such an agitated state. 
Uri chose this moment to talk with Jalen. 
"Has he said anything yet?"
"No, he is still thinking."
"What brought that monster this far from its territory?"
"I know about as much as you, Uri. Wait, he's about to start talking!"
In a grave voice, Gaerid said, "When you brought Uri's egg home, I must admit my curiosity was taken. Over the years, nothing else happened. I thought it just coincidence. Now that an Arkwil has unexpectedly visited, I can no longer ignore what this means." 
"What Gaerid?"
The wizard handed him the paper. 
"Read this."   
At the top was written, "The Prophecy of the Chosen." Then, Jalen read these lines: 
Two Chosen - One to save, one to destroy.
A Child of Blood will come
to break shields and bring a god's return.
Aid from a brother, powerful in magic,
evil demons and long-dead knights.
An act of violence will begin his way.
A Child of Light will come,
orphan child and dragon-friend, 
to protect the shields.
Aid from the wizard, the swordsman, the archer, 
the giant, and The Blade of Many Forms.
A strange attack by one will begin his way.
In a time of darkness, they will meet at the third.
One will fail, one will succeed,
the fate of man is thus decided.

Jalen looked up at Gaerid with a confused look on his face and handed the paper back to the wizard. 
"What does all this mean? I don't understand." 
"Let me try to explain," said Gaerid. 
"At the beginning of time, the Sun and the Moon were lovers alone in nothingness. Then, mother Moon gave birth to twin sons named Learoden and Gagenor. The universe was created during her labor. The Sun and the Moon gave their sons the world on which we live as a place to play. 
"The world was merely a rock until the two young gods gave it land and sea and created animals. Then, came the event that started trouble. Learoden created man.
"When Gagenor saw the tribes of men becoming greater, he became envious. His jealousy ate away at him until he created demons and monsters to hurt the humans. 
"To prevent a slaughter, Learoden made dragons to protect humans. He then suggested they leave this world to the humans. 
"Gagenor, wanting to rule the world, resisted. He had become the Blood God by teaching humans to sacrifice each other to him in worship. 
"Eventually, Learoden was successful in taking the two of them away from this world and made three shields to keep his brother away. Learoden became the God of Light and left the world to spend time with his parents, the Sun and the Moon." 
"What does that have to do with the Arkwil?" Jalen asked. 
"Gagenor created the Arkwils by twisting humans and turning them to evil." 
"Why do you tell me this, Gaerid? It does not involve us." 
"You must have patience; I have not finished. Jalen, you are the Child of Light." 
"What?" Jalen exclaimed, his mind reeling. "How is that possible? That is absurd. I cannot be the Child!" 
"I see you don't believe it, but it is true. 'Orphan child and dragon-friend.' That describes you, does it not? 'A strange attack by one.' That would be the Arkwil. They always travel in packs. Always! A solitary Arkwil is strange, indeed." 
What he says is true, yet it cannot be right, Jalen thought. It cannot be me! 
"ACCEPT YOUR DESTINY!" 
"Uri, was that you?" Jalen asked. 
"I said nothing, but I heard that through you. Did Gaerid react to it?"
"No."
Jalen concentrated and reached out with his mind.
"Who are you?" 
"I am the God of Light."
"Learoden? Am I the Child?"
"Yes. You are my chosen."
A Chosen, Jalen thought. The God of Light! What is happening to my life? 
"What is it, Jalen?" Gaerid asked, concern wrinkling his brow. "Is this too much for you to take all at once?" 
"I think you could say my eyes have been opened, Gaerid. But why was I chosen?" 
"I do not know the ways of Learoden. I only know that forces are at work beyond our grasp of the world." 
Jalen sighed and uttered, "I have no choice." 
"Do not think of it as resigning to your fate," Gaerid counseled. "You wanted some adventure. This is your chance. I am sorry to shock you with these things. If I had known for a fact that you were the Chosen, I would have told you sooner." 
"I do not blame you, my friend." 
Jalen got up and crossed the room. He sat on the edge of the wizard's desk, scratching his head.
"If I am the Child of Light, who is Gagenor's Chosen? Where are the shields and the blade?" 
Gaerid laughed. 
"Slow down! I will answer what I know. I have no idea where the shields rest or who the Child of Blood is. The Blade of Many Forms, I know something about that. Its name is Skeldaar, and it is hidden in Harra Duun." 
"Harra Duun. Where is that?" 
"It is a place near the top of the Western Mountains. We have a long journey ahead of us." 
"To get Skeldaar, right?" Jalen asked. 
Gaerid turned to him in surprise. 
"Yes, that is what we must do. You are quicker than I give you credit. The part of the prophecy that reads 'they will meet at the third' means that you must face the Child of Blood where the third shield is found. I am the wizard. The swordsman, the archer, and the giant, we will meet along the way, I would guess." 
Jalen shook his head. 
"This does not seem real. It feels like a dream. I don't understand how we are meant to find the shields." 
"Ah, I forgot," Gaerid said. "I had a book that mentioned that the blade and the shields are linked. It read, 'He who holds Skeldaar will know the hiding place of the shields.' Do not worry, Jalen, we can do this." 
"When do we leave?" 
"Tomorrow, we will prepare what we need to take on our trip. We leave the next day." 
"Gaerid," Jalen said, now slightly amused. "You have forgotten our very good and very large friend outside. 
"Oh dear, Uri!" he exclaimed. "You go outside and explain what I have told you. I will be out in a minute." 
*** 
Jalen told Uri all that he had learned while they waited for the wizard to come out. 
Gaerid finally arrived carrying a blue stone on a long chain. He looked up at the dragon and paused. 
"Uri. You will be joining us on our journey, right?" 
"Of course!" 
"He says yes," Jalen told Gaerid. 
"Good," Gaerid continued. "There is no way we can travel with a fully-grown dragon, so we shall have to change your shape. I can do it with magic. I think a dog would be best, all right?" 
"Is that all right! Has the old man finally gone and lost his mind? I will not be made into a dog. You tell him that, Jalen!" 
Jalen said, "Uri has no problem with that." 
"What?" Uri yelled in Jalen's mind. He reared up and growled fiercely. 
The young man held his ground. 
"What choice do we have, Uri?" Jalen asked him. 
"I will not be a dog," the dragon growled in anger. "I do not fetch sticks for any man. I will not be treated that way!"
"You know we would never do that to you! This is only a disguise. We will treat you no differently than we always do." 
"Jalen, why must you be so sensible? Tell him I will do this so long as I am made into a very big dog." 
Jalen laughed and scratched the dragon's wingtip. 
"As long as he is a large dog, he will live with it." 
"Thank you, my friend," Gaerid said. "I knew you would not be too happy with this. Do not worry. You will be a large hound. Please lower your head." 
The wizard hooked the chain with the blue stone attached around the great beast's neck. Then, he raised his arms and began moving them in intricate patterns. The stone started to glow faintly in response. Gaerid said, "Canil."
Uri's skin started brightening, and a white light brighter than the sun surrounded the dragon. Uri started to shrink, his tail getting shorter, and his wings disappearing. Then, the light faded and disappeared. 
A brown hound with a barrel chest stood in Uri's place. He whined and looked at Jalen nervously. 
Gaerid clapped his hands. 
"Ah, a fine specimen of a dog if I ever saw one. I am sorry I had to do this but was forced to by our situation. You should spend tomorrow getting used to your new body. Now, we should all get some sleep. Tomorrow will be a busy day." 
The wizard went into the house and shut the door. 
Uri and Jalen looked at each other in silence. 
"I always wanted a dog," Jalen said. 
"Shut up, Jalen." 
*** 
Salek walked down a dimly lit corridor lined with statues of dead kings. He was headed for Traven's room and angry that he had received no information on the location of the second shield. Salek never expected the next two shields to be quite this difficult to locate. He hoped his brother could give him some ideas. 
Deryn appeared ahead, grinning as he walked with crossed arms towards Salek. They stood a few feet apart and silently measured each other. 
"Good day, Salek. How goes the hunt, little brother? Have you found the remaining shields yet?" 
"Don't patronize me," Salek answered. "You know full well that no more have been found. Besides, it is not your concern. Aren't you supposed to be guarding Karras?" 
"Have no worry about the king. My men are with him. I truly wonder, though, how you mean to find the other shields. If I were in charge–" 
Salek roared and slammed Deryn against the wall. 
"You are not in charge, you slug!" he yelled in Deryn's face. "If you were in charge, you would do no better. The king gave this duty to me. I know what I'm doing and don't need your advice!" 
"It was only a joke, Salek," Deryn said in a panic. "I am certain you are doing your job." 
Salek released him and smoothed his tunic.
"Get out of here. I have better things to do than waste my time talking to you." 
Salek chuckled as Deryn practically ran down the hallway. 
As Salek continued his way towards Traven's room, he had not gone far when he felt a cold hard hand close on his bicep. He reached for his sword as he turned and then relaxed when he realized that it was Gagenor who had assumed the shape of a statue. Salek knelt quickly. 
"My lord. It has been some time since we last talked." 
Gagenor smiled. 
"Greetings, Child. You have done well, finding the first shield. I have some news for you, however." 
"What news?" 
"I know where the second shield lies, Salek. One of my agents among the Herdyn has informed me that it is held in their stronghold at Lintor'el. You will go and retrieve it for me." 
"Yes, my lord," Salek said with his head bowed. 
He then looked up. "But the Herdyn, they are–, such dirty animals." 
"They are my creations, and you should not think of them as animals. They are quite intelligent. Do not question me. You will go to Lintor'el." 
"I will get the shield," insisted Salek. 
"Good, Child," said the Blood God. "I will return soon. Farewell." 
The statue reverted to its original shape, and Gagenor was gone. 
Salek sighed in relief. Such meetings with his master always left him shaken. He continued to Traven's room, where he stopped at the door and tapped with his knuckle. 
"Come in," uttered a voice on the other side of the door. 
Salek pushed the door open and saw his brother with his nose buried in a large tome. 
Traven looked up at him. 
"Salek, what brings you here on this fine day?" he asked amiably. 
"Quiet, Traven. Tell me about the Herdyn and Lintor'el." 
Chapter 5 - The Journey Begins
Gaerid went into Jalen's room to wake him but found the young man already awake and packing his clothes. 
Jalen glanced at the wizard and smiled. 
"I didn't sleep much last night. There is too much excitement for me, I guess." 
"I would expect that," Gaerid said. "When I was your age–, don't look at me like that. I was your age once! As I was saying, I remember my first journey out into the world. You will see many new things, and they will change you. Do try to keep a level head, Jalen. You will have to stay alert for danger." 
"I will Gaerid. What village will we go to first?" 
"Our way will take us through Welden Falls to Kamell to the north. Once there, we will have to find a guide to help us through the Swamps of Rin. On the other side of Rin lies Bryth at the base of the Western Mountains. From there, we will climb to Harra Duun." 
"It sounds so far away." 
"It is, my friend," said the wizard. 
*** 
Gaerid and Jalen walked toward Welden Falls with Uri between them, the dragon having mastered his new form. It was odd for Jalen to see him as a dog. 
"Are you all right, Uri?" Jalen asked. 
"I am fine, Jalen, but it does take a while to become accustomed."
"What do you mean?" 
"I want to do strange things," Uri said. "I use my nose more than my eyes, and I keep having an urge to urinate on a tree."
Jalen laughed. 
"I fear you will have to live with that. You just described what it means to be a dog." 
*** 
They arrived at Welden Falls almost an hour later. The town appeared to be busy and prosperous. The market was so crowded with people that it was nearly impassable. They went around the crowd and found the stables of Horse Master Arten Sier. 
"Good day, Gaerid," Arten said, raising his hand in greeting.
He was a huge man, almost as wide as he was tall. It was surprising that a man as large as Arten could ride a horse, but there he was sitting on a very uncomfortable-looking mare. His bald head shone in the morning sun. 
"Hello, Arten. How are your horses doing?" 
"Oh, they are fine," he said with pride. "Jola gave birth to another fiery one yesterday. Not even a day old, and he's already as stubborn as his father." 
He paused, looking over at Jalen with a puzzled look on his face.
"Who is this stranger you have with you, Gaerid? This cannot be the little Jalen I remember." 
"It's me, Arten," Jalen answered. "I am hardly a child anymore." 
"Well, time goes faster when you've seen as many years as I have, lad," the Horse Master said, laughing. "I guess you are a man now. But enough rambling, listen to me talk. What can I help you with?" 
"We need two of your best horses for our journey," Gaerid explained. "I am taking Jalen into the world. To open his eyes to life outside." 
"A little sightseeing never hurt anyone," Arten said. "When I was younger, I served a tour in the Crendillan army, and you would not believe all the beautiful cities I saw. There I go again! My mouth is always running on. Well, I think I can part with Grel, that brown one over there, and Ella, the gray. Those girls will get you where you're going." 
"Thank you, Arten. How much do I owe you for them?" 
Arten shook his head. 
"Don't worry about the money, old friend. You did such a great job on Jola's leg last winter that I cannot ask a single coin of you." 
The horses were saddled and loaded with their packs. Gaerid and Jalen said goodbye and began to ride out of town. The Horse Master waved as they left. 
"Wait, Jalen!" Arten called, making the young man turn back. "Where did you find that dog?" 
"Uh," Jalen stalled, trying to think. "He followed me home a few days ago." 
"Did he, then? He's a fine animal." 
"Thanks, Arten. So long!" 
"Take care, Jalen." 
"Followed you home, huh?" Uri said. "I'll remember that!" 
*** 
They were two days outside of Kamell, and their journey was progressing well. Although Jalen enjoyed being outdoors, he was getting bored riding a horse all day. He saw to the horses while Gaerid prepared dinner. After eating, they were quiet for a while. Finally, Jalen spoke up. 
"Gaerid, how did my parents die?" 
Gaerid frowned. 
"I knew you would get around to asking me that sooner or later. Are you sure you are ready for this? It is not pleasant." 
"I want to know. Leave nothing out." 
"Very well." 
Gaerid knew this would be hard on Jalen but decided he was old enough to hear. He ran his fingers through his short gray hair and began. 
"Your father, Jorge, was a good man. When he was your age, he was a soldier and served Crendill during the Herthig War. He was also a very gentle person, Jalen. After the war, he returned to Welden Falls and became a blacksmith. And a good one at that. He would have been a great father to you. You have much of his looks about you and a bit of his personality. 
"Your mother was a beautiful woman, graceful and kind. Myran. That name means 'swan' in the Dwarven language. Of your parents, I knew her best. She came to me with all her troubles or when she just needed to talk. You have her eyes."
"Jalen, I miss them. They were good friends." 
"They sound wonderful," Jalen said, smiling. He could almost picture them in his mind. His smile faded as he stared intently at the wizard. "Tell me how it happened." 
"Jalen, I don't think–" 
"I have to know, Gaerid," Jalen interrupted. "It is a gap in my life. Don't keep this from me." 
"You're right. You are entitled to know." 
"During the Summer Festival, when you were just about a year old, one of the villagers had been unable to pay his taxes, so the collectors came by to punish him. There were two of them, a soldier and a wizard. They grabbed the poor man and asked him why he had not paid. His explanation was not good enough for them, and they declared he was to be executed. Thank the gods, the children were listening to the minstrel in the barn and did not witness this. 
"Your father, with his great sense of honor, could not stand by and let this happen. He said that he would pay what was owed and that they should let the man go. At this, the soldier walked over to Jorge and told him not to question the decrees of the king. Then, the soldier drew his sword and stabbed your father through his heart. 
"I am sorry, my son, but there was nothing I could do. I had begun to run forward to help, but the wizard threw a spell that froze me. I could not move for an entire day, yet my eyes remained open to see the horror that followed. 
"Your mother screamed and ran toward Jorge. The soldier grabbed her and turned her to face the crowd. 'Let this be a lesson to you all.' He cut her throat, and they left with their prisoner." 
Jalen gasped in shock but remained silent. The wizard reached out and squeezed Jalen's hand, and Uri whined and lay down next to him. A few minutes later, the young man had recovered enough to talk. 
"Who was he?" Jalen asked. "Would you know him if you saw him?" 
"I do not know who he was. Just a Crendillan soldier. It frightened me how young he was, just a few years older than you are now. Such hatred in him! I doubt, however, that I would know his face now. No, that is not quite true. If I saw his eyes, I think I might be able to identify him. I believe his eyes might stay with me forever. I cannot forget them. Are you all right, Jalen? I know how you must feel." 
"I feel better now that I have heard what happened." 
He held up his father's staff and looked at it.
"I can genuinely appreciate this even more now. Thanks to you." 
"You're welcome, Jalen. Put these things to the back of your mind. Your parents are at peace. That man will die someday, and Learoden will make him pay for his evil." 
About an hour later, Gaerid was fast asleep and snoring softly. Jalen, however, found himself unable to sleep. Thoughts of his parents were racing through his mind. He sat with his back against the trunk of a large tree and absently scratched behind Uri's ears as he watched the dancing flames. 
"I am sorry about your family, Jalen. I had no idea." 
"Don't worry," Jalen answered. "Neither of us has parents. It's another thing we have in common."
"You seem distressed. What is wrong?"
"I don't know. I–," Jalen paused and shook his head. "I want to find the man who killed them."
"Why, Jalen?" Uri asked. "What good could come of it now? If you killed him, you would be no better than he is!"
"You're right, but I still feel I have something missing inside."
"I don't think his death would fill that void. Perhaps that is why you have Gaerid and I. We cannot take the place of your parents, but we are better than nothing."
"I know, Uri," Jalen said, hugging his friend. 
"Let us get some sleep. We have a long day tomorrow."
"Right. Thanks, Uri."
"It's why I'm here."
Chapter 6 - The Swordsman 
Late in the afternoon, Gaerid and Jalen arrived in Kamell. The town was small and falling apart. They found the only inn, but it did not have a name. Its sign had either fallen off or been stolen. The word INN was painted on the side of the building in sloppy block letters. 
"It seems like a nice place," Uri quipped. 
"Very funny," Jalen answered. 
Gaerid pushed the door open, and they stepped inside.
The innkeeper greeted them. "Get that dog out of here!" 
Jalen looked at the wizard with a questioning cast to his face. Gaerid nodded sadly and glanced down at Uri. 
"Sorry, Uri. I'm afraid you do have to go outside." 
Gaerid waved his hand in a circle over the dog's head. 
"There, now you will not be bothered." 
"Ah, it's a dog's life," Uri said, walking out the door. 
Gaerid and Jalen walked to the bar to speak with the innkeeper. 
"Excuse me, sir," Gaerid said. "Could we have meals and a room for the night?" 
"If you got three gold, you can," the innkeeper replied, eyeing them suspiciously. He was not a kindly sort of person. "Sit down somewhere, and we'll bring your meals." 
Gaerid gave money to the innkeeper, and they went to look for a table. There did not appear to be any seats left, but a man waved them over to his table. 
"Please, sit here. There is room." 
The smiling man had shoulder-length brown hair, was dressed in mostly tan and brown clothing and wore a sword at his belt. Jalen noticed his posture immediately. He was slumped in his chair with his ankles crossed in front of him. While appearing to be relaxed, he was quite alert. His eyes scanned the room continually, and his hand, hanging limply, was never far from his sword. 
"Thank you," Gaerid said. "This is the last place we expected any friendliness." 
"True," the man said, grinning, "Kamell is not exactly polite to strangers, but it's a good enough place." 
He extended his hand. "My name is Randel." 
Gaerid shook his hand. 
"I am Gaerid, and this is Jalen. It is good to meet you." 
"What brings you to Kamell?" Randel asked as he shook Jalen's hand. "I assume you are not staying here. No one does." 
"We are just passing through." 
"Where are you headed?" Randel inquired as the food arrived. 
"To Bryth," Gaerid replied. 
Randel laughed in surprise.
"From Kamell to Bryth. You go from bad to worse. Are you looking for trouble on purpose or what?" 
"That is where our journey takes us," Gaerid answered. "You've been to Bryth." 
"You could say that," Randel said with a slight smile. "I was born there and spent most of my childhood in that rathole." 
"It can't be that bad," Jalen said around a mouthful of food. 
"You've not yet seen it." 
Randel was quiet for a while, allowing them to eat their meal. He sat deep in thought and considered what to say next. Then, he leaned closer. 
"How do you plan to get to Bryth? The Swamps of Rin are dangerous if you don't know what you are doing." 
"That is exactly the reason we are in Kamell," Gaerid said. "We are looking for a guide. Do you know of any?" 
"I know exactly the man who could take you. He knows the swamps like his mother's face. I think he would be willing to help." 
"Could you introduce us to him?" 
"It would be a waste of your time," Randel smiled with satisfaction. "You are talking to him, and I'm afraid we've already been introduced." 
"Ah, you would be willing to do this?" Gaerid asked, answered by a nod from the man. "How much pay would you require for this trip?" 
"Buy my dinner, and I'll be content. No, I am serious. It is selfishness on my part. I have been looking for an excuse to visit Bryth for a while now. This is a good opportunity." 
Gaerid shook his hand. 
"I cannot find any fault in that plan. You enjoy your meal while we retire for the evening. It has been a long day, and we need to rest. What do you say we have breakfast two hours after sunrise, then leave after that?" 
"You have yourself a guide. I'll see you in the morning." 
*** 
Jalen and Gaerid had a decent room considering the town. There was a bed for Gaerid and a small cot for Jalen. 
"Gaerid, are you sure we can trust that man?" Jalen asked
"I believe him to be trustworthy, Jalen," the wizard said. "Why do you ask?" 
Jalen scratched his neck.
"I don't know. I just had a strange feeling when he was with us. I'm not sure what it meant." 
"I felt that too. I can tell that Randel intends no harm." 
"How?" 
Gaerid smiled and played with a tiny fireball he conjured. 
"A wizard has his ways. I can read the character of any man using my magic. You must not tell him of my abilities or the true reason for our journey. He might not be meant to know." 
*** 
The next morning, Gaerid and Jalen walked down the stairs to find Randel already eating his breakfast. 
"I fed your dog, so you don't have to worry about him." 
"Thank you," Jalen said with a look of surprise. This was the last thing he had expected. "I'm sure that he appreciated that." 
They sat down to their meal of eggs and potatoes. It did not taste particularly good, but Jalen did not notice. He was busy talking to Uri. 
"Did you enjoy your breakfast, Uri?"
"Yes, I did! Who was that?"
"His name is Randel, and he knows the Swamps of Rin very well. He is going to travel with us to Bryth. I'm not sure that I trust him". 
"Why not? He seems a nice enough person." 
"You like anyone who fills your stomach." 
"True." 
"There is still something odd about him," Jalen said. "I cannot describe it."
"I wouldn't worry about it." 
They finished their meal and walked up to the bar. Gaerid gave the innkeeper gold for their breakfast, and the innkeeper sent a young boy out to fetch their horses from the stables. 
They were turning to leave when Jalen was stopped by a hand on his shoulder. He looked around to see a Crendillan soldier eyeing his father's walking stick. 
"That's a fine staff you got there, boy," the soldier said, reaching for it. "Could I have a look at that?" 
Jalen pulled the staff out of the man's reach. 
"I would rather you didn't. It was my father's staff. Besides, we were just about to leave." 
"Maybe I wasn't clear enough." 
The soldier spoke loudly as another soldier walked up and stood next to Jalen. 
"That staff looks to be a bit rich for someone your age. It could be that you lied about your father, and you just stole that." 
He reached for the staff again. 
"Uri, get ready to move. We've got trouble."
Jalen gripped the staff tightly and put his back against the bar. Randel moved to stand next to him. 
"Gentlemen, please. We do not want any trouble, do we? Let the boy be. You are a lieutenant. You can afford a walking stick of your own." 
"Mind your own business," the soldier said. 
He pushed Randel away firmly with one hand. 
"Mistake, my friend. I told you. We don't want to bother anyone." 
The soldier standing next to Jalen reached for Randel, who quickly ducked out of his reach. As the soldier stumbled past, Randel shoved him in the back, adding to his speed and sending him flying and tripping over a chair. 
The soldier ended up crashing into a table where four large unpleasant-looking men had their breakfast ruined. They were quite unhappy and jumped on the soldier who was backing away frantically. 
"What do you think you are doing?" cried the soldier who had bothered Jalen. He started to draw his sword. "We are officers in the Cruh–" 
Randel's fist stopped his words, and he went down without another sound and stayed there. 
"Let's go," Randel shouted, pushing Jalen towards the door. "Come on, old man!" 
"Sorry about the mess, sir," Gaerid said on his way out the door. 
The innkeeper did not answer as he was busy trying to break up the fight. 
They ran out of the door and saw a boy holding the reins of their horses. Jumping into his saddle, Randel flipped a coin to the boy and turned his horse. 
"Follow me." 
"Uri, come with us, hurry!" Jalen yelled to the dog. 
They took off dangerously fast, taking turn after turn until Jalen was lost. After about five minutes of hard riding, Randel held up his hand, and they slowed to a stop. 
"Why are we stopping?" Jalen asked. 
"We don't have to worry. No one followed us," Randel said. "However, we cannot just go blowing past the town guard on our way out. He cannot be aware of what happened at the inn. We will walk our horses past him slowly, and if we are casual about it, we should have no trouble leaving." 
They guided the horses at a trot through several streets, and then the guard post came into view. The guard was a young, nervous-looking soldier leaning against the side of the town gate. He stood up straight when he saw the men on horseback with a dog following. The guard nodded to Gaerid, who returned the gesture with a smile. The guard relaxed and leaned back.
Crossing his arms and appearing to be in deep thought, the guard glanced at a paper that was nailed to the nearby post and became alert again. He looked at Randel's face and then back to the paper. A smile formed on his face as he drew his sword and stepped in front of the horses. 
"Halt. Randel, you get off your horse. I am placing you under arrest." 
"For what crime?" Randel asked, dismounting slowly. 
"Deserting your post. You have a large bounty on your head. One hundred fifty gold." 
"That's all?" Randel asked, removing his blade from its sheath. "I am afraid that I can't go with you. I already have other engagements. And I did nothing wrong. I just didn't feel like working for that idiot, Deryn." 
"That is no matter. You are wanted." 
"I will defend myself. I do not want a fight. Just let us go." 
"Sorry, I get my reward if you're dead or alive." 
The guard slashed at Randel's midsection, but Randel easily parried the attack. 
Randel then circled the guard, slowly weaving his sword around in a small circle as if trying to hypnotize his opponent. His face was absent of all emotion and only revealed a man in deep concentration, effortlessly blocking every move of the guard. 
The guard continued to step forward and attack but could not get anywhere near Randel. He could not find an opening, no matter how hard he pressed. Finally, the guard yelled in frustration and swung his blade in an arc aimed for Randel's head. 
Randel knocked the blow aside and slashed upward, cutting the guard's cheek. 
"Stop this," Randel warned. "You're only going to get hurt. Throw your sword into the brush and step away." 
"Randel, you will come with me." 
"Not on this day." 
Randel stopped defending himself and began an attack of his own. His sword flew so swiftly it could barely be seen. 
The guard somehow managed to keep himself from getting killed. However, his luck did not last, and one of Randel's swings got through his defense. The right arm of the man was cut to the bone. He dropped his sword and kicked it away, accepting his defeat. Getting down on his knees in front of Randel, he closed his eyes. 
"Open your eyes," Randel said. "I want you to give Deryn a message for me. Can you do that?" 
"Yes." 
"Tell him he can eat his gold." 
With that, Randel brought his sword's hilt solidly down on the top of the guard's head. The guard fell over on his side, unconscious. 
"He'll be fine except for a headache," Randel said, tearing the paper from the gate. He climbed back into his saddle. "We should be going." 
"What was that all about?" asked Gaerid, amazed at his swordplay. 
"I will tell you when we stop tonight. But for now, I think we should get some distance from Kamell." 
*** 
As Randel was starting a fire, Gaerid walked over to where Jalen was tying the horses to a tree. 
"Jalen." 
"What is it?" Jalen asked. 
"I think I've discovered the meaning of your strange feeling about Randel." 
"What does it mean?" 
"Randel is the swordsman from the prophecy." 
Jalen did not answer but thought about this new information. Of course! It only made sense. He did not have a bad feeling about Randel. It was a sensation of knowing him before. 
"I think you're right, Gaerid." 
"Yes, but we cannot–" 
"Dinner is ready," Randel said, approaching them. "Get it now if you like your food hot." 
"Thank you," Gaerid replied. 
They walked over to the fire to eat their meal. 
Randel sat before the fire. Uri lay next to him, contently having his ears scratched. 
"I guess I should explain what brought me here," Randel began. "I was a member of the King's Guard, Karras' bodyguards. It was a great situation too. I was paid well and had plenty of power and respect. However, I could not take being around Deryn, the king's stupid brother. He is so full of himself. Just because he is royalty, he always looks down his nose at us and can't take the fact that I am a better swordfighter." 
He grinned at this thought. 
"I grew tired of his constant complaining and arrogance." 
He brought out the piece of paper from the gate and gave it to Jalen and Gaerid. On it was a crude but unmistakable drawing of Randel's face. Below it was written, "Randel. Wanted for crimes against the Crown. One hundred fifty gold reward in any condition."
"Now, I am an outlaw. I think I might like my life better this way." 
"What about what happened today?" asked Jalen. 
"Well, today was one of the drawbacks of being a wanted man." 
"Along with a lack of money," Gaerid said. 
"Yes." 
Uri lifted his head. 
"Hey, Jalen. Do you think I could have some food?"
"Oh! I am sorry, Uri. I forgot about you."
Jalen jumped to his feet, pulled a remaining leg off the rabbit, and tossed it to Uri, who caught it out of the air. The dog got up, walked away from the men, and settled down to eat. 
Randel laughed and shook his head in disbelief. 
"What?" Jalen asked, smiling. 
"The way you treat that dog." 
"Uri's a special dog. I feel like he's a relative." 
"He's an unusual dog that's for sure," Randel said, walking over to Uri and patting him on his broad back. "I swear this dog wants to talk but just can't." 
"You should hear him," Jalen mumbled under his breath. 
"What?" 
"You're right," the young man said. 
Gaerid tried as hard as he could but was unable to stop himself from laughing. Soon enough, Jalen joined in. Randel just stood there, watching them with a look of confusion. 
"I've met some strange people in my travels, but you two are just odd." 
Randel's comment only set their laughter off again. He walked away from them. 
"I have had enough of this. I will take first watch, then Gaerid, then you, Jalen. Goodnight." 
As he set up his bedroll, Jalen had a silent conversation with Uri. 
"Well, Jalen, we've got the Chosen, the dragon, the wizard, and the swordsman. When do we get to meet the rest of them?" 
"I don't know, Uri. I think it will be by chance just like Randel." 
"Isn't adventure great?" 
Chapter 7 - The Swamps of Rin 
Randel pointed toward the swamps. "Gentlemen, welcome to the Swamps of Rin. I know it doesn't look like much, but what were you expecting?" 
The swamps were not a nice place as most citizens of Bryth knew very well. They take about a week to cross if you know the way and if you survive. They are not haunted, although there are many such stories. Nevertheless, they are a dangerous place. 
"Why is it called a swamp?" Jalen asked. "All I see is mud and dead trees." 
"This is just the edge. It will be like this for a few days. But trust me, it's plenty wet in there." 
"What will we do with the horses?" asked Gaerid. "We can't take them through this mess." 
"I have a friend who lives further in the swamps. She can lend us a boat and take care of the horses. I have some advice for the two of you. Keep your eyes open, and do not lean against any trees. There are many unpleasant things in the swamps." 
"We'll be careful," Jalen said. "I don't like this place." 
"I don't either, Jalen," Randel agreed. "Let's get it over with." 
They entered the swamps slowly, and soon darkness closed around them. 
*** 
As the travelers went further into the swamps, the ground became soft. They were mud-caked to the top of their boots and were exhausted from monotonous riding, while not seeming to be getting anywhere. When they happened upon a small area of solid ground, they agreed to stop. 
"Gaerid, could you give me a hand?" Randel asked, holding up one of his steed's hooves and wiping away the mud. "She's been favoring her leg all morning." 
"Let me see it," Gaerid said. 
Jalen was looking back the way they had ridden. He was utterly bored and wanted something to happen. 
Some adventure, he thought. Why am I even here? This is stupid! 
Suddenly, Jalen felt something lightly touch his shoulder. He turned his head and saw nothing but felt something go around his neck and tighten. Jalen tried to reach up and free himself, but his arms were pressed to his sides. He fought and kicked but could not untangle himself and was lifted into the air. 
"Uri," he called with his mind since he could not speak. 
Uri ran up and began barking furiously. However, his growling and snarling could not help Jalen. 
Randel looked up and cursed quietly. He drew his sword and ran over to Jalen. One slash over the youth's head was enough to free his hands.
"Hold still. I'll end up cutting you." 
Randel hacked at the remaining restraint holding Jalen in the air. Finally, Jalen was released and fell to the ground. 
Randel leaned forward, putting his hand on the younger man's shoulder. 
"Are you all right, Jalen?"   
"I'm fine. Thank you, Randel," he answered in a hoarse voice. 
Coughing, Jalen reached back and grabbed the vine in which he had been tangled. 
"What is this?" 
"Noosevine," Randel said. "The swamps are full of them." 
"What sort of place is this?" 
Randel laughed and helped Jalen to his feet. 
"I know what you mean. The trees get hungry here. That's why so few people live here." 
"Few people! You mean to tell me that people live in the swamps on purpose?" Jalen asked, using a tree to hold himself upright.
"Leila has for as long as I can remember." 
"Who's that?" 
"She's an old woman who helps those passing through. Some think she's a witch, but she has never turned me into a frog." 
Jalen's laughter was interrupted by Uri licking his face. 
"I'm all right, stop it," he said. 
Gaerid came running up. 
"What happened here? Were you harmed, Jalen?"
"He's fine. He just got a close look at the dangers of the swamps," Randel said. "We should get going. Leila's house is not far from here, and we can be there in time for dinner." 
*** 
They soon came upon a small house. Sitting on the edge of the swamps, it seemed out of place. There was a small wooden pier that extended over murky green water, and two rowboats were bobbing in the gentle current.
"Leila!" Randel yelled. "Leila, old girl! What are you doing in there?" 
A wrinkled face topped with a tangle of gray hair appeared at the door. 
"Who is that making the racket? Randel! Is that you? I haven't seen you in years." 
"It's me. You haven't gone senile yet," 
Randel walked forward and embraced her. 
"How have you been?" 
"I live in a swamp. How good could I be?" 
"You know this is the only place you could ever be happy." 
She nodded. "You're right, lad. You know me too well. And who are your friends you brought to meet me?" 
"This is Gaerid and Jalen," Randel said, gesturing to each of them in turn. "I met them in Kamell. They need to get to Bryth, and I agreed to guide them through–" 
He was cut off by a short bark from Uri. Randel looked at the dog in surprise and then bowed sarcastically. 
"Please forgive me. Leila, this is Uri, our faithful hairy companion." 
"A dog? Interesting. It is a pleasure to meet you all. I can't understand why you would want to go to Bryth, but you are welcome to a meal and a dry place to sleep." 
Gaerid kissed her hand. 
"Thank you ever so much, my lady." 
"Well," she said, blushing faintly, "a man of respect. Maybe, you can teach Randel how to behave." 
They all shared a laugh at her statement, and eventually, Randel joined in. 
*** 
Salek was on his way to Traven's room to discuss his journey to Lintor'el when he was intercepted by a boy who ran to him and bowed. 
"A message for you, my lord." 
"Yes, what is it?" Salek asked impatiently. 
The boy swallowed nervously and spoke, "The king wishes to speak with you in his quarters at once." 
"What does he want?" 
"He didn't say, my lord."
With a bow, the boy quickly ran back the way he had come. 
A few minutes later, Salek walked into Karras' room. Deryn was sitting in a chair, glancing at his reflection in the gilded mirror next to him. Salek glared at him as he bowed to the king. 
"Good day, Salek," said Karras. "I am pleased that we get a chance to talk before you leave. Are you prepared to go?" 
"Yes, my lord. In the morning, ten of my best men will accompany me to Lintor'el." 
"That is good to hear. Would you consider adding a twelfth person to your journey?" 
Salek paused and then sat in the other chair in the room. 
"I see no reason not to add another. Who did you have in mind?" 
"Your brother, Deryn." 
"What?" Salek roared, jumping up out of his chair. 
Deryn did the same and put his hand on his sword, preparing to defend Karras. 
"Deryn?" Salek asked. "Of all people, why should I take him?" 
"If he should become king someday, he must know how to deal with other leaders. By watching you, he could learn how not to make a buffoon out of himself." 
"I will not stand here–," Deryn began. 
"This is a military expedition. Deryn has no place here," Salek interrupted. 
"You both go too far," Karras roared. "This is a diplomatic mission. You have my full power to bargain for the shield. We must protect it!" 
"Do what he says," Gagenor commanded from the doorway where he had suddenly appeared. 
Salek turned to the god. 
"But–" 
"Do not question me, Salek." 
"What are you looking at, Salek?" Karras asked with a confused look. 
"Nothing," Salek said, glancing over at Gagenor, who had an innocent look on his face. "Very well, he will go." 
"Good. I hope your journey goes well." 
"Deryn," Salek said calmly. "Go get your supplies together. We leave at first light." 
"I'll be ready," Deryn replied, leaving the room in a hurry. 
Salek looked around the room for Gagenor, but he was gone. He turned to face Karras. 
"You will regret this." 
"Are you threatening your king?" Karras asked indignantly. 
"No," replied Salek. "I am threatening my brother." 
"Do not forget that the King of Crendill cannot be bullied." 
"I will not forget." Salek bowed and walked out. 
*** 
"Thank you for dinner, Leila," said Jalen. "That was delicious." 
"You are welcome, Jalen." 
"Could I ask what that was?" 
Randel laughed. 
"You don't want to know, Jalen. Let us just say that the swamps provided for us." 
"Good enough," Jalen said, looking a bit unsettled. "I am always sleepy after a big meal. I will see you all in the morning." 
Randel stood and stretched. 
"I am also going. Leila, please do not let us sleep too late." 
"I won't," she answered. 
Jalen and Randel left the room, and the dog padded after them. 
Gaerid, however, remained seated and watched the old woman. 
She looked back. 
"Well, come on. Out with your question," Leila said. "It's been biting you like an ant in your boot." 
Gaerid stroked his short beard. 
"I was just curious. What did you find interesting about that dog?" 
"I've never seen a dragon in that form before." 
"How did you know?" 
"Any witch worth dirt would know," she answered. "Yes, I said witch. How else do you think I can live in these swamps?" 
"It makes sense. Then, you would also know about me." 
"A wizard," she said. "I also know that there is something unique about young Jalen, but I haven't figured it out yet. I mainly want to know what you want with Randel." 
Gaerid held up his hands. 
"I can assure you that we mean him no harm. Are you familiar with The Prophecy of the Chosen?" 
"Yes, but what does that–" she paused, now understanding. 
"I see. The wizard, the swordsman. Where are the others?" 
"We have yet to meet them." 
"Oh, you will. You are certain that Jalen is the Child?" 
"His parents were murdered, and he is with a dragon. It cannot be a coincidence. I have tried to convince myself otherwise." 
"You're right, of course," Leila said, clearing the table. "I wish I could aid you in this, but I have to stay here and help those passing through. When will you tell them the truth?" 
"Jalen already knows," he said. "I don't know when I'll tell Randel." 
"I think it should be soon," Leila advised sternly. 
"Yes. I should probably tell Randel within a few days to warn him." 
"Do not wait too long, Wizard." 
*** 
Leila stood on the small pier while the men loaded their supplies. Uri, looking uncomfortable, sat at the front of the boat. 
"This boat will get you there," Leila said.
Randel gave her one last hug. 
"It will be perfect. I am just worried about Uri. He doesn't seem to like the water." 
"He's a smart one. I think he'll manage." 
She watched as they climbed into the boat. Although small, it was large enough for them to be comfortable. 
"Thank you for your hospitality, Leila," Gaerid said. 
"It was no problem. I was happy to have the company. Frogs don't make for good conversation." 
"Goodbye, Leila," Jalen said. "I hope we'll see you again." 
"You never know." Leila untied the boat. "Good luck to you all. The swamps are restless." 
*** 
Two days later, they were nearing the shore where the swamps ended. 
"I hope I never have to come here again. I don't see how Leila can live in such a place," said Jalen.
Gaerid smiled. "There's more to her than you would think, Jalen." 
"Well, friends," Randel said. "In a little while, we will be at The Pride of the Prince. It is the greatest tavern in all of Crendill." 
"Sounds like a good place," Jalen said. 
He turned to look at Uri, who had just begun to growl softly. 
Randel also looked at Uri and said, "I always trust animals. They know when there's trouble before I do." 
"What's the matter, Uri?" Jalen asked. 
"I smell something strange," the dog answered. "Something is wrong."
"What is that horrible stench?" Gaerid asked, holding a hand over his nose. 
"Curse the gods!" Randel pulled out his blade. "I'd know that smell anywhere. Grab anything you can use as a weapon!" 
"There!" Jalen cried, pointing a few feet away to where the surface of the water was bubbling. He gripped his father's staff tightly. "What is it?" 
"Rindragon!" Randel yelled, and then a wave of swamp water fell on them. 
A giant lizard with glaring black eyes reared up next to the boat. It snarled when its gaze fell on the occupants of the boat and snapped at them with sharp teeth. 
Randel stepped forward, slashing at the beast with his sword. 
Howling in pain as Randel scored a cut across its nose, the Rindragon lashed out with its claw and knocked him overboard. 
Jalen was frozen with fear. 
Gaerid hit the creature with his staff but was pushed by its snout and fell backward into the boat. 
Jalen, still unable to move, felt like he was in a dream. 
Uri started forward barking but was helpless against the beast in his present form. 
The Rindragon opened its massive jaws to bite at the dog.
"No!" Jalen cried, rushing forward. He swung his staff as hard as he could, striking the Rindragon in the eye. 
It drew back and roared in rage before attacking again. 
Jalen pushed his staff deep into the Rindragon's mouth to stop it from biting his head. He wedged the staff sideways against the back of its jaws, so it stuck out the corners of the Rindragon's mouth. It prevented the lizard from being able to close its jaws. 
Jalen felt his arms begin to shake with weakness and knew he could not hold the Rindragon off for much longer. Giving one final shove and releasing the staff, Jalen brought his foot up and kicked the lizard in the eye with the heel of his boot. 
The beast was surprised and forced to back up. It then began to open and close its jaws, attempting to break the staff. 
Gaerid pulled Randel back into the boat as they watched the Rindragon try to remove the staff from its mouth. 
The lizard continued biting until the wooden staff snapped with a loud crack. Then, it stopped with its mouth open and shook its head. A splinter of wood had become stuck upright between the upper and lower jaws. 
Gaerid shouted, "Get back, all of you!" and raised his arms. 
A ball of flame appeared at his fingertips and shot forward, aimed at the open mouth of the beast. The fire entered the Rindragon's throat just as the splinter broke, and the jaws crashed shut. 
Nothing seemed to happen as the creature continued toward them. Then, they heard a muffled thud, and the monster's eyes widened in shock. It thrashed frantically and sank back into the water. The swamp fell silent. 
It remained quiet for a few moments before Randel spoke to Jalen and Gaerid. 
"I knew that you two were not telling me everything, and I was not bothered by that. Now, I think it's time you were honest with me and explain what just happened." 
"I will," Gaerid said. "Let us get to solid ground first." 
They pulled the boat up onto the ground and sat down to talk. Then, Gaerid told Randel about the prophecy. 
Randel could not believe what he had just heard. 
"All right. After seeing that trick with the Rindragon, it is obvious that you are the wizard. But what does this have to do with me?" 
"You are the swordsman." 
"Don't be foolish. I am not! Besides, where is this Child of Light?" 
"He sits next to you." 
"Who?" Randel asked. "Jalen? You are insane, old man. The prophecy mentions an orphan." 
"My parents are dead," Jalen said. 
Randel paused when he heard this. 
"I am sorry, but there are many orphans in this world. Also, I do not see your 'dragon-friend' anywhere." 
"Gaerid. We need to show him." 
"Show me?" Randel asked. 
"Yes, Jalen," Gaerid responded. 
"Show me what?" Randel demanded, standing up. 
"How far away is Bryth?" the wizard asked. 
"About two hours. Now, tell me what is going on!" 
Gaerid pointed at Uri. 
"Drakha." 
A bright glow surrounded the dog, and in a moment, a huge red dragon appeared. Uri spread his wings and stretched, rejoicing in his return to his proper shape. 
Randel took a few steps back and sat down hard on a rock. His jaw was slack, and he pointed with a shaking hand. He had trouble speaking but finally stuttered out, "Th– that's a dragon!" 
"He's very bright."
"Be nice, Uri," Jalen said to the dragon. "Yes, it is," he said to Randel. 
"Is this an illusion, Gaerid?" Randel asked. 
"He's real enough," Gaerid answered. "See for yourself. Don't worry, if he wanted to harm you, he would have done so by now." 
Randel slowly approached Uri and touched the dragon's leg. He gasped and looked up at Uri.
Uri returned his stare with what might have been a smile. 
"Why would you turn a dog into a dragon?" 
"You've got it reversed, Randel," answered Gaerid. "This is his true shape. I had to make him appear to be a dog so that we could travel and still avoid notice." 
Randel rubbed his head, trying to grasp this new reality. 
"My mind is trying to tell me differently, but it is all true. However, I still don't know why you wish to go to Bryth." 
"We will go up into the mountains of Hara Duun to retrieve The Blade of Many Forms." 
"Then Skeldaar is not a legend," Randel said. "When do we leave?" 
"We?" 
"Of course. I am the swordsman. I have to go." 
"It is good to have you with us. We should rest at least one day in Bryth." 
"And, I know the perfect place," Randel said proudly. 
They gathered their bags and prepared to go. After some complaining from Uri, Gaerid returned him to his dog form. 
As they began the walk toward Bryth, Randel turned towards Jalen. 
"Exactly how smart is Uri? Does he understand what we say?" 
"He is as smart as any of us. And yes, he does understand what we say to him. He and I can talk using our minds, but only I can hear him." 
"I had better treat you with respect then, Uri." 
Uri barked in response, and Randel laughed. 
Chapter 8 - Bryth 
"There's nothing better than coming home," said Randel as they walked into Bryth. 
It was a pitiful town with small wooden houses and muddy streets. After days in the swamps, however, Jalen was happy to be there. Anything was better after the last week. 
Randel seemed to know everyone in Bryth, greeting people left and right. He was well-liked in this town as there were many shaken hands and clapped shoulders all around. Even Gaerid and Jalen were made to feel welcome. 
"So, where is this perfect place you keep telling us about?" Jalen asked with a grin. 
"Right there." Randel pointed to a large building across the street. "The Pride of the Prince. The best tavern north of Rin." 
"The only tavern north of Rin," said Gaerid, hiding his smile behind his hand. 
"Keep laughing, Gaerid. You'll see." 
The wizard grasped Randel's sleeve. 
"I know you are home, but I just want to advise some caution." 
"In other words, don't go telling everyone that we're going to get a magic blade. You do not have to tell me. They would not believe it, or they would think I was crazy. I am aware this is to be kept secret." 
"I just wanted to make sure." 
Randel pushed the door open to one of the wildest rooms Jalen had ever seen. A small band of musicians, with a young woman singing, played at one end. Most of the tables were filled with people drinking and singing along with the music. Others were gambling or eating. 
"Randel!" cried the brown-haired dwarf standing behind the bar. "Welcome home, my friend!" 
"Hello, Rogin," answered Randel, shaking the man's hand. "I see the place is busy, as always." 
"Never better. Find a table in the corner, and I'll be with you soon." 
"Is it a problem if I bring the dog in here?" 
"If I let you in, I might as well allow a dog," Rogin chirped. 
They took their seats at the table, and Uri laid down underneath it. It was good to be able to sit and relax after such an exhausting journey. 
Jalen liked this place. It was active, and everyone was friendly. He did not feel like a stranger. 
"Randel, what brings you–, ah!" Rogin said, putting his hand over his nose. "Did you fall in the swamps?" 
"Unfortunately, yes. We had a run-in with an unfriendly Rindragon this morning." 
"And you're still here talking to me. One of these days, you will not be so lucky. Who are your friends?" 
"This is Gaerid and Jalen. The dog's name is Uri." 
"It's a pleasure to meet you all," Rogin said. "Make yourselves as comfortable as possible. Will you be staying the night?" 
"Yes," Randel said. "And some food, please." 
"You will have my finest rooms as well as a hearty meal. Ilda! Bring these men some food, dear. So, may I ask why the great Randel has decided to visit our lowly town of Bryth?" 
"I was homesick," Randel answered with a smile. "I love this town." 
"Then, it wouldn't have anything to do with the gold they want for you. Do not worry. No one around here would turn you in. The soldiers don't bother with Bryth anyway." 
"I must say, this is a fine establishment you have here," Gaerid said. 
"Thank you, sir," the dwarf said, bowing. "Is this your idea of a good tavern, young man?" 
"Huh?" The low-cut blouse on the girl serving their food had distracted Jalen. "Oh, yes. This is nice." 
Rogin laughed as Jalen's face reddened, and the others were amused as well. 
"Well, friends, enjoy your food. Relax and listen to the lady sing. I've got to get back to work." 
*** 
Later that evening, as the Pride of the Prince was closing, Randel sat talking with his old friend. Gaerid and Jalen had already gone to their rooms. 
"I am happy you came back, Randel. When you left, I never expected to see you again. I thought you'd gone out into the world to find your place." 
"I had my place with the Guard," Randel answered. "It did not work out so well." 
"Will you tell me the real reason you are here?" asked the dwarf. 
"I can't, Rogin. I wish I could, but it is not possible right now. When this is all over, I will explain everything." 
"You can tell me when you're ready. Be careful. These are unusual times." 
"When am I not cautious?" asked Randel with a sneaky grin. 
"I'm not going to answer that," replied Rogin. 
*** 
After a night of rest in a comfortable bed, Jalen felt much better. On his way down to breakfast, he took the stairs two at a time. After greeting Rogin, he joined Randel and Gaerid at a table where they were already eating. Jalen grabbed a sausage and handed it to Uri, who went under the table to eat. 
"Sleep well, Jalen?" Randel asked between bites. 
"Yes," Jalen answered. "I imagine a bed always feels better after a hard journey." 
"It does. There is nothing better." 
They finished their breakfast and went over to speak to Rogin, who dried his hands before shaking theirs.
"Well, I certainly hope that you enjoyed your stay. You are all welcome again at any time." 
"Thank you, Rogin," Gaerid said. "How much do we owe you?" 
The dwarf shook his head and held up his hands. 
"I will not accept your money now or ever. You are my guests. I do not want any payment from you." 
"That is kind of you. We had better be going now. It was a pleasure meeting you." 
"I am always glad to meet friends of Randel," Rogin said. "At least, he is with good company for once. I am sure we will meet again. Young man, you be careful." 
"I will," Jalen said. 
They left the Pride of the Prince and headed toward the western mountains. 
*** 

The four of them looked up at the snow-capped mountains towering above their heads. 
"I've never felt so small," Jalen thought. 
He looked over at Uri, who was also gazing upward. 
"I feel the same way, Jalen. Now I know how an ant sees the world."
Jalen laughed and turned to Gaerid and Randel. They were having a heated discussion. 
"You expect us to go all the way up there," said Randel, pointing to the top. 
"We don't have to go to the very top, only about halfway," Gaerid explained. "That is where Harra Duun is, after all." 
"Yes, but how do you propose we get there? We should have brought a rope to climb with." 
"Will you be quiet?" Gaerid cried. "I am trying to think!"
Jalen stepped between them.
"Calm down both of you. We still have a long way to go and need to be civil. Gaerid, can't Uri carry us?" 
"He would only be able to bear two of us. And he would be seen from Bryth." 
"Then, how are we getting there?" Randel said, now entirely annoyed. 
"I have an idea." Gaerid pushed up his sleeves. "Stand back." 
The wizard held his hands out toward the rocks in front of him. He closed his eyes and began chanting words of power. The ground around them began to tremble, and Randel grabbed onto a tree to steady himself. Suddenly, there was a loud grinding noise, and the face of the mountain shattered outward. 
Randel waved his arms to clear the dust. 
"Nice work, old man. You just blew up half the mountain." 
"Look, Randel," Gaerid said, pointing upward. 
Randel glanced as he was told and saw a narrow staircase cut into the side of the rocky slope. 
"Impressive. Now, anyone who pleases can follow us." 
"Not quite, Swordsman. The rock will heal once we have passed." 
"Oh. Don't let me ever underestimate you again." 
"You had better not," Gaerid said, smiling. "Let's start climbing." 
*** 
"What exactly can you do with your magic, Gaerid?" Randel asked as they climbed the stairs. They were about halfway up the mountain, and the weather was getting colder." 
"It is rather difficult to explain and has nothing to do with what a wizard is wearing. The power is with them from birth." 
"Are there any limits to your power?" 
"Of course. There are two main limits. First, I cannot make something out of nothing. That ability lies solely with the gods. I must have something with which to work. Second, I cannot create life. I could, but I have sworn not to do Blood Magic." 
"Blood Magic?" asked Randel. 
"Yes, human sacrifice and torture, that sort of thing. It is quite unpleasant. I am a Wizard of White Magic of the Fifth Rank." 
"I am happy for you. I have no idea what that means." 
"While being trained, a white wizard has to rise through six ranks to be called a Master. There is a test that must be passed to attain each rank." 
"Why haven't you taken the sixth test?" 
"I must be four hundred years old to take that test." 
"And you are–" Randel began. 
"Nowhere near that age," Gaerid finished, laughing. "That was a nice try." 
"What is the difference between White and Blood Magic?" asked Randel. 
"Well, Blood Magic involves using human suffering to gain power. White Magic is more about working with nature and altering what is already there. Change is at the heart of it." 
"Like the stairs on the mountain," Randel said. 
Gaerid nodded. 
"Exactly, but that was even more basic. I only changed the shape of the mountain. It will go back to its original form quickly. Most of what I do is temporary. Take Uri, for instance. He is a dragon even though he appears to be an ordinary dog. I cannot change the fact that he is a dragon, but his form can be altered." 
"I think I'm starting to understand." 
Randel was silent for a few minutes brooding over what he had just heard. He wrinkled his forehead in confusion.
"Wait a minute, Gaerid. You said your magic is about change and that it is not permanent. How does that explain what you did to the Rindragon or how you can heal?" 
"To burn, a fire must have air, correct?" Gaerid stated. 
When Randel nodded, he continued. 
"My magic allows me to alter the air to heat and use itself for fuel. Healing is even simpler to explain. When I heal, I do not have to change anything because the body wants to heal naturally. All I do is speed up the process. If a broken bone would take weeks to mend, I could repair it in minutes. Do you see now?" 
"Yes, I think so," Randel answered, surprised that magic could be that simple. 
"You are smart and would make a good pupil if you had magical abilities. Why do you suddenly want to learn so much?" 
Randel did not answer at first. He did not know why he was so interested. Until now, he had not much thought about it. Randel finally figured out the cause for his curiosity. 
"I don't like surprises. I have already been caught off guard a few times by you. If I have an idea of what you can and cannot do, I won't be so shocked the next time you use your magic." 
"Do not worry, Randel. I will be sure to warn you when I am about to do something extraordinarily strange." 
While Gaerid and Randel were discussing magic, Jalen and Uri had a silent conversation of their own. 
"How does it feel to be a Chosen?" Uri asked. 
"Don't call me that!" Jalen snapped. 
"Why not? That's what you–" 
"Stop it, Uri." 
He glared at the dog walking beside him. 
"You aren't bothered by that name at all, are you, Jalen?" Uri replied with a healthy dose of sarcasm. 
"I'm sorry." Jalen reached down to scratch Uri's ears. "It's just that I don't feel like I have any choice in this matter. I am being dragged in. I didn't know all this would happen when I accepted your egg from your mother." 
"Thanks."
"You know what I mean. I do not like this feeling of helplessness. I would love to ask Learoden a few questions."
"You cannot change it, so there is no reason to fight it," Uri suggested. "It is pointless to worry about it now that you've come this far."
"That's good for you, but there's a good chance I could end up dead after all this."
"Wouldn't you rather die trying to save the world than grow old on a farm?"
"You're right," Jalen agreed. 
Chapter 9 - Harra Duun 
Halfway through the second day of climbing, they reached their destination. 
Randel sighed and laid his bag on the rocky ground. He stretched out flat on his back, relieved that he did not have to climb any more stairs. 
This is Harra Duun? Jalen thought. It does not look especially important, just a large flat area with three caves leading into the mountain. What is so special about this place? 
"You seem puzzled, Jalen," Gaerid noticed. "Is Harra Duun not to your liking?" 
"I was expecting more," he answered. He had seen many similar caves on the way up. 
"Are you sure this is the right place, old man?" Randel asked, raising his head. "How can you tell?" 
"Wizard's intuition."  
"You can do better than that." 
"Very well," Gaerid closed his eyes and muttered a few words that Jalen could not understand. Suddenly, a symbol flared to life over the center cave. 
"Let me guess," Randel said. "It says Harra Duun." 
"Yes, in wizard runes. I suggest we eat before retrieving Skeldaar." 
No one disagreed, so they ate their meal without talking. They had been sitting for a while, allowing their food to digest when Gaerid stood up. 
"I think we should be going. I would prefer to be out of the caverns before dark." 
Jalen was given a glowing light stick by Gaerid and started into the cave. Randel was walking next to him when the swordsman grunted and fell. Jalen turned to see what had happened. 
"What was that?" Jalen asked. 
"I walked into something," Randel said. 
Gaerid extended his arm toward the cave mouth until his hand stopped. He put his hand flat against nothing and nodded. 
"A magic barrier. We can't go through." 
"Can't you just change it and put a hole in it?" Randel asked. 
"You don't understand. A god made this. There is nothing in my power that can affect this." 
"Why is Jalen standing on the other side?" 
"Probably," guessed the wizard, "because he is the Chosen. Now that I have seen this, I believe only he can go in to retrieve Skeldaar." 
"Good luck, Jalen," Randel said and waved. 
"Wait," Jalen yelled. "Why can't you enter? I don't feel anything." 
"I know," Gaerid said. "But you have to do this on your own." 
Jalen turned and entered the cave. 
*** 
Jalen walked slowly through the dim cavern. His way was lit by the magic stick the wizard had given him. The cave reminded him of the one where he took Uri into his care. The only difference was that this time his surroundings were cold and dry. 
Jalen could barely make out odd symbols carved into the rock walls. Not knowing what they meant, he continued his way. 
Something is not right here, he thought. There are absolutely no sounds to be heard. No sound of water dripping. No rats or insects scurrying in the dark. There is only a crushing silence. 
He walked a little further down the narrow corridor. The hall widened into a tall chamber with three carved arches leading to tunnels. He looked in each, unable to make out anything that gave him any clue as to where Skeldaar was. 
Which one? Jalen thought. I do not have anything to mark my way. If I get lost, it will be impossible to find my way back here. This is hopeless. He put his back against the wall and made himself stop and think. There must be a way to decide which path to take. 
Jalen closed his eyes and began to slow his breathing, calming himself as Gaerid had taught him. He only had his eyes shut for a few seconds before becoming aware of another presence. He felt an undeniable pull toward the right tunnel. Opening his eyes, Jalen saw a faint glow coming from that same arch. 
"That must be it," he said out loud. When he stepped forward, the brightness he had seen faded from sight, but he now knew where to go. 
The tunnel was narrow and gradually became more confined until Jalen was crawling on all fours. He saw a small opening near the floor where the tunnel ended. Seeing space on the other side, he wriggled through the small hole. 
There is light here, he thought, noticing torches burning on the walls. 
"How can torches be lit in here?" Jalen asked the empty cave. "Listen to me. I am trying to find a sword that may only exist in legends, and I wonder why the torches are lit. And now I'm talking to myself." 
He looked around at the rest of his surroundings before putting the light stick back into his pocket. 
A staircase rose toward the ceiling, and Jalen could not see what was beyond it. He began climbing the stairs that twisted in front of him. Jalen climbed for what seemed like hours and felt like he was not getting anywhere. Then, he saw the end at last. He quickly leaped the remaining few steps, caught his foot on the top, and fell forward onto his face. 
Grumbling, Jalen looked up and saw the object he was seeking. 
Chapter 10 - Skeldaar 
In the center of a high round atrium was a large stone pedestal carved with wizard's symbols on every inch of its surface. A single shaft of light came through a hole in the ceiling and reflected off a silver surface. Hovering a foot above the pedestal was the blade known as Skeldaar. 
I was not expecting this, Jalen thought. 
He had planned on seeing a mighty sword. Instead, Skeldaar was a small dagger with a wickedly sharp blade. It was beautiful worked entirely of the purest silver. 
Jalen could feel a faint tingling sensation in his body as he approached the pedestal. He stared at the weapon for a moment and then said, "Well, this is why I'm here." 
Jalen grasped the hilt of the dagger. Instantly, the blade began to glow, and a white fire that did not burn encased his hands and the weapon. Jalen felt a crushing presence in his head and cried out in pain. It felt like someone was trying to push his mind out of his skull. The flame surrounded his entire body, lifting him into the air. 
As he was about to lose his grip on sanity, Jalen pushed back with surprising strength. Immediately, the fire went out, and all pain left his body as if it had never been there. He fell to the ground and looked around slowly but saw that nothing had changed. He wondered what had happened before realizing that he had just passed some sort of test. 
Jalen turned toward the stairs to make his exit. 
"Leaving that quickly, Jalen?" a voice asked quietly. "I thought you wanted to talk to me." 
Jalen turned to see a tall man, dressed in white robes, leaning against the wall. His long white hair hung onto his shoulders, and he wore a slight smile on his calm face. 
"Who are you?" Jalen asked. 
"I think you already know the answer, my Chosen." 
"Learoden, the God of Light." 
Jalen walked over to the man. 
"Forgive me if I don't bow or kiss your feet." 
"I do not like all that formality, anyway," the god said, frowning. 
"Why did you have to choose me?" Jalen asked angrily. "I didn't want any of this, and I don't like being forced." 
"Nobody would," Learoden advised. "This was not my choice. I did not write the prophecy. This is all my brother's doing. He continues to try to get around the shields, and now they are weakening. I needed help from a human, and events occurred that caused it to be you." 
Learoden walked closer to Jalen. 
"Being the Chosen does not mean I chose you; fate did that. I did not know it was you until Skeldaar let you live. Please believe me." 
"Why did you let my parents die?" Jalen cried. 
"Ah, now I see," Learoden said, sadly. "I am truly sorry about them, but there was nothing I could do." 
"You're a god! You have powers–" 
"I have no power here!" Learoden declared in a commanding voice. "When I blocked your world from Gagenor, the shields also stopped me from coming here. It is taking much of my strength just to talk to you. Being my Chosen means that you were chosen by the shields to do what I cannot. Protect them. There could only be one person who could do that, and that person happens to be you." 
Jalen stood silently with his head bowed, understanding now that Learoden had not failed his parents.
"I am sorry, my lord. I should never have blamed you." 
"You don't have to call me 'lord.' And, you have no reason to be sorry. You did not know." 
"What do we do now?" Jalen asked hesitantly. 
Learoden smiled. 
"You use Skeldaar and find the shields." 
"Will I succeed?" he asked. 
"I do not see the future, Jalen," the god stated. "But, with that blade and your companions, I am hopeful." 
"I had better be going," Jalen said. 
"Yes," Learoden answered, his form now becoming blurred. "Good luck on your journey." 
"Thank you," Jalen answered, starting to the stairs. "I will do my best and hope that's enough." 
"One more thing, Jalen." 
"Yes?" Jalen turned back to face Learoden but could see nothing of the god. 
"Be careful." 
*** 
The king walked with his sister in the royal garden. 
"Karras, I fear for our brothers. They seem changed." 
"How do you mean, Dareila?" 
"I'm not sure how to explain it. Traven has been spending too much time in his laboratory. And I worry that Deryn and Salek will end up killing each other." 
"I've noticed as well. Traven does seem to be in hiding, but that is just his way. Deryn is jealous of anyone with power. And Salek has always had that temper, but it has gotten worse ever since Rudia died." 
"His wife did calm him, but now he frightens me," she said. 
"Do not worry too much about him. After all, he is trying to find the shields and protect the world from harm." 
"You are right. It's just that we haven't been much of a family since father passed." 
Karras did not mention the fact that Salek had threatened him. He did not want to frighten her and felt that Salek had just been having a bad day. He decided to change the subject to something lighter. 
"How goes your work in the city?" he asked. 
"It seems to be better. The orphanage has enough food now, and none of the children are sick. Also, I hired a teacher to help them learn to read." 
"That is good to hear, my sister. The people of this land should be educated." 
"It would be good for us all," Dareila said. 
*** 
Jalen ran out of the cave with the blade in his hand. "Gaerid, I've got it. I–" He stopped when he took in the scene before him. 
Gaerid was lying on his back with an ugly bruise forming on his forehead. Randel appeared to be in the same condition. Only Uri, who was growling at something, was unharmed. 
Jalen could not see the strange figure that stood in the shadows. Then, it stepped forward, raised a large sword, and charged. 
Jalen sidestepped his opponent's slashing attack and turned to get a better look at his enemy. It appeared to be a knight in a full suit of armor except for its hands. Jalen could see rotting flesh holding a sword. The knight's armor was covered with dirt and had a horrible odor. 
Jalen did not get to look further as the knight ran at him once more, sword raised over its head. The sword came flying down, and Jalen could only act by reflex. He raised Skeldaar desperately and received a jolt the length of his arm. Somehow, he had blocked the sword with the dagger. He stared at his weapon for a second in shock and then pushed the knight backward with his foot. 
"Who are you?" asked Jalen. 
He received no answer. 
The knight stepped forward again, aiming a slash at Jalen's head. 
Jalen quickly ducked it. 
The knight then made as if to cut Jalen in half, but Jalen leaped out of the way just in time before hearing the sword whistle past a little too close.
"I don't want to fight until I know who you are," Jalen said between breaths. "Talk to me!" 
Again, the knight walked forward silently, relentless in its attack. It swung the sword at close range. 
Jalen blocked it, causing sparks to fly from the blades. He held the blade above his head, barely keeping the knight at bay, and could see unblinking eyes staring out of the helmet in front of him. 
The knight suddenly let go of the sword with one hand and hit Jalen hard in the side of his head. 
Jalen fell back, holding Skeldaar pointed at the knight standing over him. 
The knight put a foot on Jalen's stomach to hold him down and raised the sword for a killing blow. 
I wish I had a spear, Jalen thought. 
Suddenly, where there had been a dagger, there was now a silver spear. Its blade pierced the knight's helmet from front to back. 
The knight dropped his sword, fell back, and remained still. The spear remained embedded through his helmet.
Jalen caught his breath and was greeted enthusiastically by Uri. 
"How did you do that? I thought that thing had gotten you."  
"I am fine, thank you for asking," Jalen answered. "What about them?" 
He pointed to his unconscious friends. 
"That knight knocked them out." 
Jalen stood and walked over to Gaerid, who was now sitting up and holding his head. 
"Jalen, what happened? Did you get Skeldaar?" 
"Yes, but we were attacked." 
"I see that." Gaerid stood and noticed the knight. "You help Randel wake up while I see what this is." 
"Randel," Jalen said, helping him to sit upright. 
"Did you have to wake me up? I was having a wonderful dream. What is that smell?" 
"What you smell is called a wraith knight," Gaerid answered, walking over to help Randel stand. 
"Wizard, you're doing it again," Randel said. 
"Doing what?" 
"What in all of Crendill is a wraith knight?" 
"Oh, I am sorry. A wraith knight is a warrior brought back from the dead using Blood Magic." 
"How pleasant." Randel frowned. "Who killed it? This time I mean?" 
"I did," Jalen said, pointing to the body. "I used Skeldaar." 
The swordsman looked seriously at Jalen. 
"Are you trying to tell me that you beat an armored knight who was wielding a sword with a dagger?" 
"A dagger? No, I–" he hesitated, looking at the body. 
The dagger was stuck in the faceplate of the knight's helmet. His voice faded to a whisper as he went over and retrieved Skeldaar. 
"It was a spear." 
"Is that Skeldaar?" Randel asked, reaching out to examine it. A small white spark jumped off the blade and stung his hand. Randel yelped and stepped back, holding his burnt hand. 
Gaerid tried not to laugh. "I guess only the Child of Light may hold Skeldaar." 
"Obviously." 
"Gaerid," Jalen said, "it was a spear." 
"What was that?" Gaerid asked. 
"When I was fighting that wraith knight, I wished for a spear, and Skeldaar changed into one. Now, it is a dagger again." 
"Interesting. Will you help me perform an experiment?" 
"Yes." 
"Good. Look at Skeldaar and concentrate. Focus on nothing but the blade in your hands. Wish for a spear again." 
Jalen did so, and the dagger's surface flowed like water under his hands. In just seconds, he was holding a spear once again. 
"That is why it is called The Blade of Many Forms, Jalen," Gaerid said. "It responds to your thoughts. It is a powerful weapon, indeed. Let us see what else it can do." 
Jalen tested the dagger for all it was worth. He transformed it into an axe, a quarterstaff, a mace, and a cudgel. It even became a shield that Jalen doubted could be broken. 
"You're forgetting my favorite, Jalen," Randel commented. 
The young man promptly made Skeldaar into a beautiful sword that was light and seemed to be made just for his hand. 
"I will teach you how to use that properly," Randel said. 
Randel then gave Jalen a leather sheath to tie to his leg so he could quickly draw the dagger with either hand. 
Jalen returned Skeldaar to its original form and put the dagger in its place, shutting the flap that covered the hilt. 
They disposed of the body of the wraith knight so it would not attract animals and sat down to discuss what would happen next. 
"We have to get the shields, of course," Jalen said. 
"Yes, but how do we find them?" Randel asked. Unless Gaerid can cast a spell of some sort, I don't think it will be easy." 
"Now that Jalen has Skeldaar, he can find them. The blade is linked to the shields. It is made of the same material and was crafted by wizards long ago." 
"How do I do that, Gaerid?" Jalen asked. "I cannot do magic." 
"Skeldaar can, Jalen. Bring the dagger back out and put both hands on it. Now, close your eyes and reach out for the shields." 
Jalen concentrated with his eyes shut for a while. He felt nothing and was beginning to become a bit frustrated. He was about to give up when the blade trembled in his hands like a living thing. His awareness split into two separate directions, and he grew conscious of two shields. One was close. The other he could barely sense. 
"One is in that direction. Extremely far." 
Jalen pointed to the southeast. 
"The closer one lies in that direction." 
He indicated straight to the east. 
"The only thing that way is Lintor'el," Randel said. "And what about the third shield?" 
"I only felt two." 
"I fear the Child of Blood must have found one of the shields," Gaerid said. 
Noticing the look of fear on Jalen's face, he continued. 
"Do not worry. He can only harm the shields if he has all three." 
"What's in Lintor'el?" Jalen asked. 
"Not much," Randel said. "Only a few hundred Herdyn." 
"We will worry about that later," Gaerid advised. "The fortress of Lintor'el was built from stone by Dwarves four hundred years ago as a gift to Griven, King of the Torwyn. The Herdyn, the Torwyn's vicious enemy, took Lintor'el in a horrible battle one hundred years ago and have held it ever since. The Torwyn now lived on land to the west. But, enough for now. We should rest. We've had enough excitement for one day." 
Chapter 11 - Journey to Lintor'el 
"Will this rain ever stop?" 
Deryn was holding back the tent flap to look outside. 
Salek did not comment, continuing to concentrate on the maps laid out on the bed next to him. He already knew the route and could almost find the way entirely by memory. However, it was an easy way to ignore his brother, so his inspection went on. 
Salek and his men were about a third of the way to Lintor'el when storms forced them to stop and raise their tents. He was not particularly surprised to have some interference from the weather, but he also was not expecting a week's worth of rain. While the delay could not be avoided, Salek knew that he must not wait too long before taking the shield. It would not have been so bad if he did not have to share his tent with his brother. 
Deryn sighed and walked closer. He settled on a small cot, groaning dramatically and stretching. 
"How can you stand this, Salek?" Deryn asked. 
"What?" Salek asked without looking up. 
"How can you say 'What'?" Deryn threw his arms up into the air. "Haven't you looked outside? The rain, Salek." 
"Yes, I am aware that it has been raining for a week. What about it?" 
"How can you stand being forced to wait like this?" Deryn asked. 
"I accept that there is nothing I can do to change the situation. I cannot control the weather, so I don't whine about it." 
"Salek, have you lost your fighting edge?" 
"What do you mean?" 
"I think you have become soft," Deryn said. "Don't you want to be doing something other than waiting? A soldier should always be hungry for a battle." 
"Deryn, you are two years older than me. You do not continue to go to taverns to pick fights, do you? I have not done that in fifteen years. Fighting for the sake of fighting is a waste. It should only be used to achieve something. You may be my older brother, but you are still immature." 
Deryn had no response to this, which surprised Salek. He expected his brother to lash out with a weak insult. Instead, Deryn stood and resumed his watch at the tent flap. 
Salek rose and picked up his cloak. 
"Where are you going?" Deryn asked. 
"I'm going to go talk with my men," he answered quickly. 
He pulled his hood up over his head and walked out into the dark downpour. 
*** 
"Good evening, men," Salek said, pulling the flap to one side to enter the tent. "No, please stay seated and continue your game." 
"Are you sure, my lord?" asked Brycen, one of his captains. 
"I do need to speak with you, but there is no need to stop." 
"What do you need to know, my lord?" Brycen asked, looking at the cards that had been dealt him. His shaved head nodded as he saw his luck. 
"How goes our recruitment for Gagenor?" Salek asked. 
Brycen grimaced. "Not particularly good, I'm afraid. Of course, this entire unit is with you. I've only been able to join about twenty others." 
"Why so few?" 
"You understand, I must be cautious." 
"Yes." 
"I can only approach those who I feel would be agreeable to our cause," Brycen said. "If I talk to any man who does not wish to join, rumors or worse could start." 
"We can't have that." 
"No, my lord. It is the king who is the main problem." 
"Why is that Brycen?" asked Salek, now quite interested. 
"Everyone likes Karras. I do not see why. He is a weak leader and does not exercise true power. But most of the men are so loyal that they would follow him to their deaths." 
Salek only nodded. It was true. None of the men could be turned if they respected the king. 
"What will happen when we get to Lintor'el?" asked a wide-eyed young lieutenant named Turs. "Will there be a fight, do you think?" 
"I am not sure. I doubt there will be violence, but I know that we cannot just walk in and take the shield." 
Salek paused to think.
"We must have that shield. Karras has given me full power to bargain in his place." 
"You will carry it back yourself, my lord," Brycen said with undisguised confidence. "I can tell you that." 
Salek slapped him on the back and smiled. 
"That is what I like to hear from my soldiers. I know that Gagenor will reward us for all the hard work. We will be the leaders of the Blood God's armies." 
"That will be–" Brycen began, stopping when Deryn walked into the tent. 
All the men turned to stare at him. 
"I'm not interrupting, am I?" Deryn asked with an innocent look. 
"No, of course not, brother," Salek lied. "Please join us. You all have met Deryn?" 
They mumbled their assent, and Deryn shook hands with all of them. He sat down, looking uncomfortable. 
"Deal me in, Brycen," Salek said. "What is the game?" 
"Three-Card Lady, sir," he answered. "No doubles." 
"Let us start then." 
Brycen shuffled and dealt the cards. He included Deryn, who did not want them. 
"Salek," Deryn said, leaning towards his brother. "Are you sure you want to be playing cards with them? They're your soldiers." 
"What?" Salek asked, not quite believing what he had just heard. He was completely caught off guard. 
"I said–" 
"Brycen, you play on. I want back in when I return. Deryn, may I speak with you in our tent?" 
"What for?" 
Salek only stood and walked out into the rain. 
*** 
Deryn followed Salek to the tent they shared, unsure of what was coming. When he entered the tent, Salek had his back turned to him and appeared to be in deep thought. 
"What is it, Salek?" he asked. 
Salek turned to look at him with an unmistakable set to his jaw. Before Deryn could react, Salek punched him in the mouth. 
Deryn fell backward and sat down hard. He raised his hand and rubbed blood from his face. 
"How dare you!" Deryn managed to shout past his bloody mouth. 
Salek glared at him angrily. 
"Do not ever question me in front of my men! You weaken my authority." 
"I only said that you should not gamble with them." 
"What you might say, or think, does not matter in my army. I don't know how you run the Guard, but I am in charge here." 
"I understand that, Salek. I was not weakening your strength in there. You lower yourself by playing cards with those commoners." 
"You don't have the slightest idea of how to lead, do you?" Salek said. "If you hold yourself above your men, they won't like you. You cannot use fear for the same reason." 
"Don't lecture me," Deryn whined. 
"Shut up! I know they are common. If I play cards with them, they think I am one of them and will respect me. If I appear to be weak, they could start questioning my orders or refuse them. You treat soldiers like you would treat a dog. Be nice to it. Keep it fed. Do not beat it. The dog probably will not bite you. My men are the same. I keep them happy, and they gladly follow me. Maybe the King's Guard would be more efficient if you knew how to create respect among your men." 
"Salek, you cannot talk to me this way!" Deryn responded, standing up and stepping forward. "I am not one of your soldiers. I am a prince and the commander of the Guard." 
"I would usually agree with you, Deryn. But right now, you are nothing. You are simply an observer on this journey, and that is all you will do. You will watch, and you will keep your mouth closed. Do you understand?" 
"Yes," Deryn hissed between his teeth. 
"Good." 
Salek felt better now that he had made things clear to his brother. He turned to leave. 
"I am going to gamble with the commoners. Do what you wish." 
Salek left, and Deryn watched the tent flap moving with the wind. He was entirely bewildered by their argument. It did not surprise him that Salek had lost his temper, but he was not expecting the reaction he had just witnessed. 
I am much closer to the throne than you will ever be. 
*** 
The rain stopped early the next morning. Salek woke his men, who packed up the camp quickly and without complaint. They, too, were eager to be moving once again. 
Salek tied his pack onto the back of his horse. He had not heard a single word from Deryn since their talk the night before, and he felt satisfied that his brother understood his place in this mission. It was bad enough that the foul weather had stopped him. He knew that, at least for now, he had no reason to worry about Deryn. 
As he watched his men finish up, Salek became aware that someone was watching him. He turned and saw Gagenor standing behind him. The god was leaning against a tree with his arms crossed and had a faint smile on his skull-like face. 
"I do hope I did not frighten you," Gagenor said. "I hate sneaking up on people." 
Salek took a knee and bowed his head to his master. 
"Of course not. It is a pleasure to see you again, my lord." 
"I am glad, Salek. You handled your brother quite well yesterday. At this point, it is crucial that you not let him know of my involvement." 
"Yes, my lord. What about the Child of Light? Where is he?" 
"I cannot know that," Gagenor admitted unhappily. "My powers are limited to watching you and talking with you briefly. However, I doubt we should worry about the Child. You already have one shield and will have the second in your grasp when you arrive at Lintor'el." 
"That is one of the things I meant to ask," Salek said, tightening his saddle. "How am I to get the second shield from the Herdyn? My force could not defeat them if it came to a battle. Surely, they would not be willing to part with such a treasure. No matter what I offer them." 
Gagenor laughed at this. It was a horrible, grating sound. 
"Salek, you don't have any faith in me. Everything has been prepared for your arrival." 
Salek waited for the explanation he knew would follow. He did not want to anger Gagenor by asking unnecessary questions. 
"The Herdyn will give you the shield without the slightest hindrance. I created them long ago, and they have remained loyal to me. They are my servants, just as you are, and will treat you as an equal. They have no need for the shield and will give it over to you gladly. You should have learned to trust me more by now." 
"You are right, my lord. Thank you. I will do my best to serve you." 
Gagenor clapped his hands. 
"Ah, it is so nice to hear such flattery from you." 
Then, Gagenor gradually faded from sight until Salek was left staring at the empty forest. 
"Sir," Turs said, walking to where his commander stood. "We are all prepared to go as soon as you give the word." 
"Thank you, Lieutenant." 
Salek swung up into his saddle and raised his voice. 
"Let us ride, men! We have a long way to go before we reach Lintor'el." 
Deryn rode up next to him. 
"What has gotten you into such a good mood, Salek?" 
"An open road in front of me and not a cloud in the sky," Salek answered. 
It was going to be a pleasant journey. 
*** 
The way down from Harra Duun was simple for Jalen and his companions. The eastern side of the mountains sloped gently back down to where the ground was level. Jalen was glad that they did not have to use any stairs to get down. In the past few days, he had seen too many steps. 
They followed a path through the woods that would bring them to the small town of Parnan. Randel knew the way with no problem. The swordsman had been to most of the villages and cities of Crendill. He had also gone from the port of Southvale up to the Dwarven kingdom far to the north. 
Jalen was practicing using Skeldaar and testing the limits of the magical blade. So far, he could transform it into any weapon he was able to think of, and a few that Gaerid described. He had even turned the dagger into everyday objects like a cooking pot and a shoe. There seemed nothing that Skeldaar could not become. 
Randel looked over and saw Jalen changing Skeldaar's form rapidly. He could only stare in wonder at the magic of the blade. 
"I think it is time we rest for a while," Randel said. 
"Why stop now?" Gaerid asked, sitting down to relax even as he spoke. "It is still quite early." 
"I want to see what Jalen can do with a sword," Randel said. 
He turned to the young man. 
"How good do you think you are?" 
"I don't know," replied Jalen. "Gaerid taught me how to fight with the quarterstaff–" 
"And he's very good with it," Gaerid interrupted. 
"I have never tried a sword." 
"You don't have to worry. I can teach you enough that you will not cut yourself. Besides, the techniques of the two weapons are similar. You should be able to learn quickly enough. Change Skeldaar into a sword." 
Jalen transformed it into a sword. "Now what?" 
"To start with, you're holding it wrong." Randel drew his sword. "Move your hands closer together, like this. That's it. Think about how you rotate the staff. Do the same with the sword. That is one way not to waste your strength. Use your wrists to position the sword. Only use your arms to add strength to the swing of your attack or defense." 
Jalen did as Randel instructed. He was amazed at how much movement he could get just by using his wrists. He cut a few arcs through the air, practicing an attack. 
"I think I understand how the staff and the sword are the same," Jalen said. "A sword is like a quarterstaff, but you hold the end instead of the middle. You still turn from the same point." 
"Exactly." Randel smiled at Jalen's insight. "You will be easier to teach than I thought." 
"When can we try sparring?" 
Randel held up his hand. 
"Slow down, Jalen. You have got a while to go before you are ready for that. I have many other things to teach you first." 
"Such as?" Jalen asked. 
"Your stance needs some work. Hold the sword up in front of you up at an angle. That way, you are already halfway protected. Relax your shoulders. Bring your feet a bit closer together. There, that's it." 
Jalen could tell that this was a much better stance than before. The sword no longer felt awkward in his hands. It now seemed as familiar as the staff. 
"Next, I'll show you how to defend yourself properly." 
Randel stepped closer. 
"You must know this before you ever fight a live opponent." 
Randel spent some time teaching Jalen the basic moves of sword fighting. He taught him the many types of blocks and parries and showed how they could be used in an actual fight. He also demonstrated simple attacks and how to practice against a tree. 
"It feels better to know I can defeat an unarmed plant at any time," Jalen said. 
"You just keep practicing the moves, and you will get a live target soon enough," Randel replied. 
*** 
"I have a question for you, Randel," Jalen said as they walked along the trail the next day. 
"What do you want to know?" asked the swordsman. 
"What was the true reason you left the King's Guard?" 
Randel stopped and turned to face Jalen. 
"How did you know I was lying?" 
"To be honest, it was just a guess," Jalen admitted. "You just confirmed my thought." 
Randel shook his head. 
"Every bit as devious as the wizard." 
"Don't worry, I am not at all offended by that," Gaerid said. 
"What gave me away?" 
"Nothing specific," Jalen explained. "I just thought it would take more than an annoyance to make you leave." 
"It was more than that, Jalen. It's time for the truth." 
"Honesty always relieves one's conscience," Gaerid observed. 
"That is very true, old man," Randel said. "There is no reason why you should not know." 
"It happened about a year ago at a royal ball. I think it was to raise money for Princess Dareila's orphanage. All the rich and influential people of Sidea were there. 
"I was not on duty that night, but as the second-in-command of the Guard, I felt a responsibility to be there and make sure Karras was safe. I was on alert. I always was and am, even to this day. There is no choice now with a bounty on my head. 
"We had two men watching the door, one standing just behind the king, and another standing directly across from him in a far corner. Guards were patrolling every side of the palace. They would not let anyone enter without being identified. Of course, Deryn was not paying attention to anything other than the ladies of the court. 
"The evening was moving slowly. Parties with the royalty are not as exciting as one would think. There was a point when everything got unnaturally quiet, and I immediately knew there was a problem. I looked around at the guests and saw nothing out of place, but my instincts would not relax. It was then that the evening became interesting. 
"A lord drank too much and slapped his wife. She screamed and hit him back. Another drunken man rushed over and tried to defend the lady. It did not take long for absolute chaos to break out. 
"Deryn watched this fight with amusement, not realizing what was truly happening. All the guards came closer to the ruckus to help regain control. I looked over at the king and saw that the guard that had been at Karras' side was gone. That was the last thing he should have done. You never leave the side of the king when you are assigned to him. 
"I made my way over to Karras to watch him until his bodyguard returned and could be disciplined. Before I got there, I saw a shape appear behind where the king was sitting. I dashed over, as Karras was watching the fight and was not aware of the threat. The entire event had been planned as a diversion for an assassination. 
"The man stood behind the king with a knife poised above his head, prepared to strike. I quickly grabbed him from behind and removed the dagger from his blade hand. I then moved the man into the hallway. 
"As I started to interrogate him about who paid him to do this, Deryn walked over and asked me what had happened. I told him how I had saved the king's life. 'Bring him' was the only thing that Deryn said. 
"We took the prisoner down into the dungeons and put him in a cell. Throughout this entire ordeal, the man never said a word. Deryn took the man's knife and looked at it for a while. Before I could react, he stabbed the assassin in the stomach. I knelt to help him, but the man was already dead. 
"I was shocked that Deryn would murder this man even if he had just attempted to take Karras' life. He had a right to a trial, and Deryn knew that. 'How dare you?' I asked him. 'You cannot just kill a man in the dungeons. I must tell the king of this immediately.' 
"Deryn shook his head and said, 'You will tell him nothing, Randel. And you will not talk to the other men. I will dispose of the body, and Karras will never hear of this.' 
"'You cannot hide this, sir,' I told him. 'The king must know what has happened. Len left his post during that fight. There was an assassination attempt on the king's life, and I will not let you cover up the fact that you did not train your men never to leave the king.' 
"Deryn picked up the knife and held it inches from my face. He told me that I was not to speak to any person of these events, or he would kill me. 
"I tried to talk to Karras later, but Deryn was always at his side. I even attempted to speak with my men, but he had already reached them. They would not talk to me. I left and will never go back." 
Jalen now saw Randel in a new light. 
"I can see why you would leave." 
"I don't regret it a bit." 
"It appears that our Prince Deryn is not quite as regal as one could expect," Gaerid noted. 
Randel stood and brushed the dust off his clothes. 
"We should be getting along. There is too much daylight left for us to camp for the day." 
*** 
Gaerid woke the next morning to the unmistakable sound of swords banging. 
"Couldn't they wait until I was awake," he groaned to Uri, who was sitting next to him. 
The dog only wagged his tail. 
Gaerid stood up and walked over to the fire to prepare breakfast. Then, he glanced over to where Randel and Jalen were practicing. Jalen was learning quickly, which was astonishing since he had only first tried the sword a few days ago. 
"Good try, Jalen," Randel said. "However, you tried to get through my guard too early. Remember, you've got to have patience and time the attack." 
"I know, Randel. You've told me that many times in the last few days." 
"It's important, or I wouldn't repeat it so often." 
Randel raised his sword. 
"Again." 
Jalen stepped forward, once more attempting to break past Randel's blade. He had come close to success several times, but Randel was just too much of an expert. Jalen had learned more about swordplay than he had ever expected, yet he had only been taught the basics of a complex skill. He was glad to have an excellent teacher. 
"That was too obvious," Randel said, knocking aside Jalen's blade with a smirk. "If you can figure out how to predict how your opponent will react, you can control his actions." 
"And, you already know what I am thinking," Jalen said, now back in his fighting stance. 
"Only because I taught you," he answered, swinging his sword at Jalen, who blocked the attack. "Not everyone will have that edge over you." 
"That is good to know." 
"When are you two going to stop this?" Gaerid asked, holding back a yawn. "It is a little early, don't you think?" 
"We will quit when Jalen can beat me. He's good but still has a long way to go." 
"I'm not that far off," Jalen cried. 
"That is the attitude you need to be a good swordsman," Randel said. "Arrogance can make the enemy's confidence weaken. Let me show you how to make your opponent drop his weapon." 
Randel showed Jalen how to use his sword to push the other man's sword in a circle. He spun the blades fast until Jalen lost his grasp. The sword flew several feet away. It landed in the ground point first and wobbling slightly. 
"You will learn that one eventually," Randel said. "It takes a great deal of practice. I did not figure out that move until years after I first picked up a sword." 
"I believe that I will learn quickly from such a great teacher." 
Randel planted his sword in the ground and leaned on it. 
"I am good, aren't I? To be the best, you've got to learn from the–" 
He stopped and pulled his sword in time to block the sudden attack from Jalen. Randel stepped back and laughed in delight. 
"You did not get that trick from me, Jalen. That was very good." 
"Never assume the fight is over. A smart man taught me that." 
They continued fighting for a few minutes longer. Jalen decided he was going to try to take Randel's sword. 
Remembering what Randel had done and preparing to do the same, Jalen pushed Randel's blade to the side. Suddenly Skeldaar seemed to move with a mind of its own. It spun the blades so fast that the swordsman's weapon flew from his grip and fell to the ground a distance away. 
Randel looked over in shock at where his sword had landed, and then looked up at Jalen as if seeing him for the first time. 
"That can't have happened. How? How could you have picked that up so quickly, Jalen?" 
"Great work," Uri said. "Are you sure you haven't been sneaking off and taking sword fighting lessons?" 
"I didn't do that, Uri," Jalen answered. "I don't know what that was." 
"You already know how to fight," Randel said. "There is nothing more I can teach you if you've already learned that." 
"You know I don't know how to do that, Randel. I just thought about taking your sword, and Skeldaar made it happen." 
Randel bent down to retrieve his sword. 
"Don't ever let that blade out of your sight, Jalen. That sword is extremely valuable. If Skeldaar can make you fight like that, it may be the most powerful weapon in the world." 
Jalen looked down at the silver sword in his hand and wondered at its abilities. 
Gaerid walked up and told them breakfast was ready. He looked concerned when neither of them responded. 
"Well?" asked Gaerid. 
"I found another of Skeldaar's powers," Jalen said, explaining what had happened. 
"I'm not surprised. No one has ever explored the limits of its use." 
"The blade makes him an expert swordsman in three days," Randel noted. "I'm beginning to think that Gagenor can be stopped with a weapon like that." 
"It will help," Gaerid replied, "that is certain. We still have far to go to be successful. Before any of the shields can be harmed, all three must be brought together. If we can get just one, we will be safe from Gagenor's plans. Do not give up hope. We know the location of one of the shields." 
"That's our advantage," Randel said. "We should have our breakfast now. We can walk to Parnan in a few hours, and then we can rest." 
"I can't believe it," Jalen said. "A night of sleep in a real bed." 
*** 
"Uri, you don't seem yourself," Jalen observed as they approached Parnan. "Is something wrong?"
"No," answered the transformed dragon. "I am just tired of my present shape. I miss my old form, that is all." 
"It's for the safety of us all, Uri. I wish I could do something to help."
"I know, Jalen. A dragon would cause the wrong people to take too much notice of our group." 
"I'm glad you understand."
"I understand, I just don't like it," Uri replied irritably. 
"I know it, Uri." Jalen reached down to scratch the dog's ears. "I think we've had too much on our minds and have neglected you."
"I'm not blaming anyone. I need to stop feeling sorry for myself." 
Chapter 12 - The Archer and The Giant
"Here we are, friends," Randel announced with a smile. "The lovely town of Parnan. Not a bad town as such places go. At least, it will give us a pleasant place to rest." 
Jalen looked around at the new sights the town presented. The buildings, made of wood, brick, and stone, gave the street a welcoming feel. It reminded him of his home but slightly larger. The streets were filled, but not too crowded, with merchants selling food and about any other item you would find at a market. Overall, Parnan was a thriving town, a lot nicer place to visit than Bryth. 
"Where is a decent tavern, Randel?" asked Gaerid. "I'm starving and have grown bored with the food we've been eating lately." 
"I have only been to Parnan on three occasions, so I don't know all of the taverns here," Randel said. "The Dancing Trout had good food the last time I was here. We should try there. It is quiet, and I doubt anyone will trouble us." 
The Dancing Trout was a small establishment with windows lining the front that allowed sunlight to brighten the interior. A painted sign over the door showed a fish jumping out of a lake. 
They entered the door of the tavern and were greeted almost instantly by the owner. A skinny man with a tiny mustache, he seemed nervous as he spoke with them. 
"Good afternoon, sirs. Welcome to The Dancing Trout. My name is Beltin, and I will get you the very next table that is free." 
"Thank you," Gaerid replied. 
When Beltin turned to go, Jalen noticed that he glanced back at them as he crossed the room. 
"He seemed a bit abrupt," observed the wizard. "He did not want to talk to us." 
"You're getting to be paranoid," Randel said. "As busy as the Trout is, you cannot expect the man to spend time talking with every person who enters the door. All the customers are causing him to rush." 
"Possibly." 
"Randel, I think Gaerid was right." 
"What are you talking about?" asked Randel. "I would have expected this from Gaerid, but I thought you were more level-headed." 
"Something is not right," Uri cautioned. 
"I know it!" 
"Look at the owner," said Jalen.
The others turned to look. 
Beltin was talking to a blond-haired woman wearing leather pants. She was leaning against the back wall next to a tall, heavily muscled man. 
"What is wrong with him?" asked Randel.
He then paused and looked closer. 
"Wait a minute, I know her. Her name is Byrelle. I think she's a–" 
The owner pointed at them, and the woman looked to where he was gesturing. 
She nodded and gave Beltin a few coins. After saying something to her companion, they began to walk closer. 
"Bounty hunter!" Randel shouted quickly. "Let's leave this place now."
He pushed Gaerid and Jalen toward the door. 
"Stay where you are, Randel!" cried the woman. 
Randel ducked out of the doorway just as an arrow thudded into the wood by his head. The three friends and Uri ran up the street and turned into a small alley between two buildings. 
"Uri, they saw you with us," Randel said. "Go distract them!" 
The dog ran back the way they had come and started barking. 
"That dog was with them," they heard a man's voice say. 
Then, Uri flew past the opening to the alley where they hid. 
The woman and the dark-haired man ran past without looking down the alley. 
Randel relaxed. "That dog is handy to have around. Let us go this way. We can circle behind the town without anyone seeing us." 
"What about Uri?" Jalen asked with concern. 
"He's smart enough he can find us," Randel said. "We should be going." 
*** 
They stopped at sunset a few miles from the edge of town. On their way out, they had risked getting more food. As they were starting a fire, Uri trotted into camp with his tail wagging and sat down. 
"Good work, Uri!" Randel slapped the dog's broad back. "I knew you could get them off our trail." 
"Are you all right?" Jalen asked. 
"I am well," Uri answered. "Just a bit tired from running." 
"Do you think they followed you?" 
"I doubt it. I do not wish to brag, but I can run quite fast. Of course, it is not as efficient as flying, but it is good enough." 
"Here you go. I think you deserve this."
Jalen gave Uri a large piece of sausage to eat.
"If Uri is this good as a dog," Randel said, "I would never want to face him in his natural form." 
"Uri just wants to get back to that form," Jalen advised. "He's tired of being a dog." 
"That is the absolute truth," Uri whined. 
*** 
They traveled for two days without incident. Jalen and Randel continued to practice sword fighting. The younger man concentrated on keeping his sword's magic at bay. He wanted to be able to control Skeldaar during an actual fight, and it seemed to be working. He was learning on his own, not using magic. 
Randel put his sword away. 
"Not bad at all, Jalen. A good bit of exercise." 
"I appreciate the use of your skills. I have learned much from you." 
"Don't thank me," Randel answered. "It has been fun for me, and I am glad to help. I have not had anyone to spar with for many months. I do not think you are learning quickly just because of magic. I think you are naturally good." 
"I will take care of the fire," Gaerid said. "You two pack up, and we'll continue on our way." 
"Why do we always have to do the hard work?" asked Randel. 
"Because I am old, Randel. Age gives me certain privileges." 
"Never mind." 
They packed their belongings and continued their journey to Lintor'el. 
*** 
They had been walking for a few hours when Uri stopped them. A deep rumbling sound was coming from his chest. 
"What's gotten into Uri?" Randel asked. 
"Someone is here," Gaerid said. 
"You are right." 
The woman from The Dancing Trout stepped out from behind a tree. She had an arrow pointed directly at Randel. 
"'Someone' is me. Throw that sword away, Randel. Don't bother trying; this arrow is faster than your blade." 
"This doesn't involve you, friends," cautioned the large dark-haired man. He stood behind Jalen and Gaerid and put a large hand on the back of their necks. "Call off your dog. Don't move, and I will not harm you." 
"Relax, Uri," Jalen told the dog, who stopped growling. 
"If he hurts you, I'll kill him."
"It should not come to that. I think I know what is happening. Randel is the only one in danger."
"I'll kill her if I must."
Randel smiled. 
"This isn't the first time that I have had a beautiful woman threaten my life." 
"I believe that Randel but be quiet. You are worth a lot of gold to me." 
"Is it just money, Byrelle?" 
"How do you know my name?" she asked, slightly confused. 
"Your exploits are well known in these lands, my lovely lady bounty hunter." 
"It does not matter. You will come with us." 
"I doubt that. I have already entered an agreement with these fellows and must go with them." 
"You do understand that, if I shoot you with this, you will die." 
Before Randel could answer her, they heard approaching horses. Four soldiers of Crendill reined in next to them. Two dismounted and stood near Byrelle's companion while the other two remained in their saddles. 
"Good work, my lady," said the captain from his horse. "We have been looking for Randel for some time." 
"Is anybody not looking for Randel?" Uri asked. 
"We will take him back now so that he may face the king for his crime." 
"What about my bounty?" asked Byrelle. "I will not go unrewarded. I have been following him for too long." 
"Your reward is that you aided us in his capture," he answered with a satisfied smile. 
"You cannot do this. I will not allow it." 
"I believe you just threatened me," the captain said. "You will come with us as well." 
"Byrelle?" asked her friend, nervously. 
"Everything is fine, Thrayl. We're going to do precisely as he asks." 
Quickly, she turned to face the captain and let an arrow fly. It struck him in the chest and knocked him from his steed. 
As if sharing her thoughts, Thrayl grabbed the two soldiers near him, slammed them together, and let them fall to the ground. 
At the same time, Randel ran towards the fourth soldier who was attempting to flee. The soldier kicked Randel to the side with his boot and rode past. 
Byrelle put another arrow in her bow and took aim although the distance was increasing rapidly. She fired, but her shot deflected off the soldier's helmet. 
He rode away, unharmed. 
Randel looked at Byrelle and grinned. 
"What are you so happy about?" Byrelle asked. "You are still coming with us." 
"You won't be getting any reward for me," Randel said. 
"Why is that?" 
"You just attacked a captain in the army of Crendill and allowed that soldier to escape. He has your description, and I am sure there will be a bounty on your pretty head. You're a wanted woman." 
"Byrelle," began Thrayl. 
"Damn you, Randel!" she exclaimed. "He's right, Thrayl. We cannot turn him in now without risking ourselves. You are more trouble than you are worth in gold, Randel." 
"Do you mean we're going to let him go?" Thrayl asked in shock. 
"No," she yelled. 
She turned and punched Randel hard in the jaw, knocking him flat on his back. 
"I mean, I'm going to kill him in a few seconds." 
Thrayl walked closer to her. 
"Calm down, Byrelle. I need to discuss this with you privately." 
They walked a short distance from the trail. 
Jalen and Gaerid pulled Randel upright, catching him as he swayed on his feet. 
"Not a bad punch," Randel mumbled. 
"Gaerid, Byrelle is the archer!" said Jalen. 
"Yes, Jalen, but quietly," the wizard answered. "Her large friend would be the giant. We have found them at last." 
"What are you two talking about?" Randel asked. 
"Remember the prophecy, and then look at the two of them," suggested Gaerid. 
Randel thought for a moment, rubbing the bruise that was forming on his face. 
"Right. How do we go about informing them?" 
"Slowly." 
"You are assuming they will believe what you say," Randel said. "I think you might have to show them what Uri truly is." 
Byrelle and Thrayl ended their conversation. The outcome was obvious. Byrelle wore a frown and was shaking her head as they approached. 
"I hate saying this. Randel, you can go on your way. We will not bother you." 
"Would you care to travel with us for a while?" Randel offered. "You and your friend are both welcome to join us." 
"What makes you think we would want to?" Byrelle asked with raised eyebrows. 
She crossed her arms and waited for an answer. 
"Perhaps I could convince you," said Gaerid. 
He went on to recite The Prophecy of the Chosen. 
*** 
"That is a nice bit of poetry, sir," Byrelle said. "Why are you bothering to tell us this?" 
"You don't have to call me 'sir.' We have yet to be introduced appropriately. I am Gaerid, this is Jalen, and the dog is named Uri. Randel, you already know." 
She glared at her lost bounty before adding, "Byrelle is my name. His is Thrayl. It was a pleasure to meet you, but we must leave. I was planning on taking Randel in, and now I have to search for another source of money." 
"Yes, but I am afraid that what I recited is not just poetry. It is more important than you could know." 
Thrayl spoke up, "We should hear him out, Byrelle. I have heard that prophecy before." 
"A strongman and a scholar!" Randel noted. 
"I have had some education," he answered with modesty. 
"All right, Gaerid," Byrelle said. "Explain why we should go with you." 
"This will sound absurd, but please allow me a chance," Gaerid began. "You and Thrayl are the archer and the giant from that prophecy." 
Once she finished laughing, Byrelle wiped the tears from her eyes. 
"That was unexpected. I will accept that Randel is a swordfighter, and I am an archer, but Thrayl is hardly a giant. And where are the other characters?" 
"Byrelle," said Thrayl. "Stop thinking about it so much and look around you. Gaerid is the wizard, and Jalen is the Child of Light." 
"If Gaerid is a wizard, where are his robes and pointy hat? Everything I have always heard about wizards talked about those. You're not even dressed correctly." 
"Wizards haven't worn those horrible hats for centuries. Magic has nothing to do with the wardrobe. I would have thought those ideas about wizards had died out long ago." 
"Stay with me, Thrayl," she responded. "This is not proving anything. I want him to prove it. Show me some of your magic, Wizard." 
Gaerid pointed at the tree under which she stood. Hundreds of leaves fell onto her and left her picking the mess out of her hair. 
Thrayl tried to hide his smile behind his hand. 
"Very well. I have learned my lesson and apologize. You could have done that some other way. Where is the blade?" 
Jalen removed Skeldaar from its sheath and held it out for them to see. He made its form flow from one weapon to the next until Byrelle nodded and held her hands up to stop him. She extended her arm toward him. 
"Can I see it?"  
"That would not be smart." Randel held up his hand and wiggled a bruised finger. "This is what I got when I tried that." 
"This is insane." Byrelle looked around at the small group. "All I wanted was some gold, and now I'm thinking about chasing a legend." 
"What about the dragon?" asked Thrayl. 
"Uri is our dragon." Jalen held up the blue stone that hung around the dog's neck. "This allowed Gaerid to change his shape. If you do not believe me, he can–" 
"No, I'll take you at your word," Byrelle interrupted. "Enough magic for one day. A dragon, then!" 
She reached over and scratched under Uri's chin. 
"Can he talk?" 
"Not with a voice like you or I would," Jalen explained. "Only I can hear him with my mind. He will, however, understand what you say to him." 
"This explains how you lost us," Byrelle said. "No ordinary dog could lead us away from you as he did." 
"So, what is your decision? Will you come with us?" Randel asked. 
Byrelle paused for a few moments to consider her answer. 
"I already know how Thrayl feels about this. And I cannot argue with what I have seen. All my judgment goes against this. Nevertheless, we will join you. I have already lost any chance at the bounty on Randel. At least, our friends were kind enough to leave us three horses. However, we need to get that armor off them." 
They bound the three soldiers and hid them, and the armor off of the horses, in the brush before sitting down to talk further. 
Gaerid explained how they met Randel, crossed the swamps, and found Skeldaar. Their discussion then centered on what action to take now that they had been located. 
"You mentioned something about a shield," Byrelle reminded. 
Gaerid explained. 
"In the past, Learoden created three shields to stop attempts by his brother, Gagenor, to harm this world. If the Child of Blood should collect all three shields, they can be broken, and Gagenor will return to have his way. We are searching for the shields to protect them and our world." 
"How are we to find them? Do you have any idea where they are?" 
"I do not know where the shields are hidden," Gaerid admitted. "We think that the Chosen of Gagenor has already found one of them. Skeldaar is linked to them, and Jalen can tell us where the remaining two are." 
"Show us, Jalen," Byrelle requested. 
Jalen closed his eyes and concentrated as he had the last time. 
"One is in that direction." 
He pointed to the East. 
"Lintor'el," Thrayl said. 
"Yes, my large friend," Gaerid said. "That is where our journey takes us next." 
"If the shield is in Lintor'el, it must be held by the Herdyn. Are you planning on just walking in and taking the shield from them?" Byrelle said. 
"Not quite, my lady," Randel corrected. "But look around you. We have a small army of our own. A dragon, a wizard, and three strong fighters. And, that magic sword makes Jalen extremely dangerous." 
"I have a few friends in the area as well," Gaerid added. "I hope that we can find a way to take the shield without direct force." 
Randel grinned. "Too old for a fight, old man. I didn't think you had any backbone." 
"You mind your tone with me," answered Gaerid. "You should enjoy my good mood. It is hard to say what I would do with my magic if I were to become angry." 
"Try it, Wizard." 
"How long will they go on like this?" asked Thrayl. 
"It is hard to say," Jalen said. "They've been antagonizing each other since they met. You will get used to it." 
"Enough of this," Gaerid pronounced. "We have many hours left before dark and should stop wasting time with talk. It is not much further to Lintor'el, and I feel that time is becoming more important." 
*** 
By the next day, they were only a short march to Lintor'el. As they only had three horses, Gaerid, Jalen, and Byrelle were in the saddles. Randel and Thrayl walked. The swordsman had insisted that the woman ride, and the young giant looked to be too big for any horse. Thrayl walked along in a sleeveless vest that showed his muscled arms in a silent display of threat. 
"How does a man your age end up a bounty hunter?" Randel asked as they scouted ahead. 
"Easy," Thrayl said. "When I turned eighteen, my father wanted me to become a soldier. I aimed to be a scholar but could not afford to further my education on my own. Rather than becoming a soldier, I left. That was three years ago when I met Byrelle. We've been working together ever since." 
"I can understand why you would want to leave. And your partner is not a bad person to be around." 
"You should forget about her, Randel," suggested Thrayl. "I don't think she likes you much." 
"Are you saying that because of your feelings for her?" Randel asked, with evident curiosity. 
"Not at all," Thrayl answered, laughing. "I wouldn't wish her on anyone. We are just business partners and friends. Also, she is like a sister to me." 
"Good." 
"She still doesn't like you. She cannot collect the bounty for you, and that upsets her more than anything else would." 
"She'll come around," Randel said confidently. "She cannot hold that against me forever." 
"You don't know her. She is the most persistent and stubborn person I have ever met. Do you have any idea how long we've been looking for you?" Thrayl asked. 
"A week or two," Randel guessed. "It was only fate that allowed you to find us. Part of the prophecy." 
"Four months. We almost had you in Kamell. We were following you soon after you left Bryth, and we went ahead to trap you in Parnan. You gave us a good run." 
"It seems that I was not doing as good a job of hiding myself as I thought." 
"Byrelle and I are just very good at finding people." 
"I have heard that. Is it true that you brought in that pirate, Black Claw?" 
"Yes, that was our work. I had no idea that we had become so recognized." 
*** 
The group traveled for another hour before a strange sound halted them. It was the sound one associates with flapping wings but was much louder than any bird could make. Looking up, they saw two dark shapes fly through the treetops above them. They dismounted their horses and looked around nervously. 
"What was that?" asked Byrelle, aiming her bow upward. 
Randel drew his sword.
"As close as we are to Lintor'el, it would have to be Herdyn. Gaerid, it seems that we will get to see how strong a force we are." 
"I truly hope you are wrong," Gaerid said. 
He was not. 
Two Herdyn dropped lightly onto the path in front of them. Jalen saw why he had heard such horrible things about these creatures. Each one was a black wolf, easily a foot taller than Uri, with a pair of leathery bat-like wings on its back. They were powerful animals with sharp fangs protruding past their lips. 
"You humans," one of them hissed in a rough voice. "You are trespassing on Herdyn territory. For that offense, you will all die." 
At this point, Uri ran forward, snarling and leaped at the creatures. 
"No, Uri!" Jalen cried in desperation. 
Then, an astonishing thing happened. The chain around Uri's neck snapped, the blue stone shattered, and he transformed back into a dragon in a flash of bright light. 
The Herdyn, realizing what they were up against, tried to flee. 
Uri quickly burned the first Herdyn. It screamed as it was consumed by fire. Uri then rose above the second one and landed on its back, crushing its spine and killing it instantly. 
When he was done, Uri roared into the forest in triumph, frightening the horses and causing them to run back the way they had traveled. 
Jalen did not believe what he had just seen. 
"Gaerid, tell me you changed him back." 
"I am afraid, Jalen, that he did that himself. To defend us, he destroyed the stone's magic through sheer will." 
"I am glad that he did," Thrayl said, stepping forward to get a better look at Uri. 
Byrelle was also gazing up at Uri. 
"When you said he was a dragon, I did not realize that you meant a dragon! I thought you were exaggerating." 
Thrayl leaned against Uri's tree-like leg. 
"Gaerid, I am extremely pleased that you were speaking literally." 
"Thank you, Uri," Byrelle said, walking closer and looking up into his face. 
"Uri says that you are welcome," Jalen answered. 
"Well," Jalen said. "Are you feeling better now? So much for your disguise!" 
"I saved you all from harm, and all you can worry about is getting noticed," Uri replied. "Anyway, who will spot us out here? We are far enough from Lintor'el that they could not have seen anything." 
"Yes, but they will be sure to notice that two of their sentries did not return." 
"Right. I could not help what I did, Jalen. When I saw those Herdyn, it was like a reflex. I do not regret it."
Jalen uttered a short laugh. 
"Forget it. It is nice to have you with us once again."
Chapter 13 - The Herdyn
Brycen pointed toward an opening in the trees. "There it is." A high stone arch, the entrance to Lintor'el, could be seen rising above the treetops. 
As they rode to the fortress, Salek looked up at the smooth walls, his military mind automatically looking for a weakness. The beige stone walls surrounding the fortress stood taller than all the surrounding forests and were as thick as any man was tall. They could not easily be dug under since they were lined above and below by the dark forms of watching Herdyn. The guards prevented climbing as well. The weakest point was the arch in the wall at the entrance, but iron gates and three additional guards protected even this. Salek realized he would never wish to lay an assault against this structure. 
Deryn was looking uneasily up at the winged sentries on the walls. Salek rode closer to his brother, glanced over at Deryn, and waited for him to look his way. When he was ignored, Salek began to speak with no emotion. 
"Deryn, keep in mind–" 
"Yes, I know," Deryn snapped, turning his head. "You are the leader! I am to keep quiet and merely observe your actions. You do not have to remind me, Salek." 
I do not like this, Salek thought. 
"I was only going to suggest you be cautious. We know nothing of the workings of the Herdyn society." 
"Thank you," Deryn said quickly. "I will be careful not to threaten the life of their king." 
Salek promised himself that he would make his brother pay if he ruined the bargaining for the shield. He led his horse to the head of the group. 
"Halt men," he commanded, bringing his force to a stop. "I want you all to stay calm once we enter. You will be careful not to anger the Herdyn in any way. If there were a fight, we would not last long against them."
Salek stepped down from his saddle and walked toward the center guard. 
The Herdyn regarded him calmly with dark, intelligent eyes. "What brings you to Lintor'el?" it asked in a deep voice. 
"I am Prince Salek representing King Karras on a matter of great importance. I request an audience with His Majesty, King Carel." 
The guard did not answer. It turned its head and growled something that Salek could not understand. 
A smaller gate to the right of the main entrance opened, and fourteen humans dressed in brown stepped out. A short, lean man with dark hair walked up to Salek and bowed deeply. 
"My Lords Salek and Deryn, greetings to you from King Carel. We have been awaiting you. I hope your journey was good. My name is Vorrik, and I am responsible for the wellness of our guests here at Lintor'el. If your men follow these servants, they will show them to their rooms. We will take care of their baggage and horses. You and your brother will kindly come with me. We will go to King Carel at once." 
"Thank you, Vorrik," Salek said. "If I may speak with my men briefly?" 
"Of course, my lord." 
Salek turned and walked over to Brycen and Deryn. 
"Captain, take the men with these servants and get settled in your rooms. They can do what they wish. Just stay there until I can come and speak with you." 
"As you command, my lord. Let us go, men!" 
"Should I go with them as well?" asked Deryn. 
"Of course not. We are going with Vorrik to meet with King Carel. Be sure to treat him with the proper respect you would give any monarch." 
"Then, it would be bad if I called him a mongrel and spat in his face," Deryn added sarcastically. "I know how to deal with royalty, Salek. I've been doing it all my life." 
"I am glad to hear it, Deryn," he answered. "It is time we go." 
As Deryn dismounted and gave the reins to a servant, Salek said, "We are ready, Vorrik." 
"Excellent, my lord," Vorrik replied. 
He walked over to open the small gate for them. 
"Welcome to Lintor'el." 
*** 
The interior of Lintor'el was made mostly of oak carved into intricate patterns. The stone ceiling was painted with battle scenes from the war with the Torwyn many years ago. It was a proud subject for all Herdyn. 
"If you will pardon my curiosity, Vorrik, I was unaware there were any humans in Lintor'el," Salek said as they walked down a dimly lit corridor, their footsteps echoing sharply. 
"Yes, it is not widely known, my lord. The Herdyn have an arrangement with a few of the nearby villages. The villages send humans to Lintor'el as servants to do the things the Herdyn, lacking hands, cannot do. In exchange, the Herdyn send a few guards to each village as a source of protection." 
"That seems to be a pleasant agreement," Deryn noted. 
"Yes, my lord. The Herdyn are very kind. Their reputation for cruelty is a rude, ignorant exaggeration. If you will excuse me now, I will speak with his majesty to let him know you have arrived." 
Vorrik left Salek and Deryn standing uncomfortably under the watchful stares of two Herdyn guards. After a short while, Vorrik's head reappeared in the doorway. He nodded. 
"King Carel is prepared to meet with you." 
Vorrik retreated into the throne room, and heavy gilded doors creaked open slowly to reveal the king of the Torwyn. He was lying on a bed of pillows on a raised dais. 
"May I present to Your Majesty the Royal Princes Salek and Deryn, brothers to Karras, King of all Crendill," Vorrik announced grandly. 
The two men walked forward. Deryn hesitated slightly as the doors behind them slammed shut with a loud crash. They knelt before the ruler. 
"Greetings, my lords," King Carel said, his ears upright with interest. "We received word several days ago that you would be visiting. I hope your journey went well." 
"Except for nearly being drowned in a few days of rain, Your Highness, it was flawless," Salek said. 
"That is good to hear, my friends. Please, let us dispense with formalities. We are all equals here. Call me Carel, and I will call you Salek and Deryn." 
"That would be good," Salek said. 
"This is a beautiful fortress, Carel," Deryn commented. "You are fortunate to live in such a fine home." 
"Thank you, Deryn," answered the Herdyn. "The Dwarves are great masters of the art of stone working. The Torwyn were kind enough to give it to us." 
There was laughter among the Herdyn seated to the sides of the room. They were adorned with gold rings in their ears and heavy chains around their necks. Carel, however, only wore a simple sash of dark gray around his thick neck. A single star of silver hung against his chest. 
Salek grinned. 
"That was a battle I wish I had been able to witness."  
"Battle? Ha!" Carel said. "It was a slaughter!" 
His comment set the others to laughing once more. 
"Enough of this remembrance. That fight was a long time ago. Even though our lives last much longer than yours, we do realize that time is important to you. I will get to the point. Vorrik." 
The small man walked over to a curtained area at the rear of Carel's throne. He pulled a golden cord to the side and drew the curtains open. Revealed behind in a small stone alcove was the second shield. 
The audience growled with, what Salek could only guess was, appreciation. 
"Is that it?" Deryn asked, whispering into Salek's ear excitedly. 
Salek inclined his head slightly to affirm his answer. "We must not appear to be desperate, Deryn," he whispered through smiling teeth.
Salek then asked the Herdyn, "Is that what we came to bargain for?" 
"Of course," Carel said smugly. 
"King Karras has given me full authority to–"
"Please, Salek, wait. We will worry about bargaining in the morning. The shield will not be going anywhere. I can assure you of that. Tonight, we will feed you and your soldiers." 
Salek took a deep breath to calm himself. "That will be fine, sir. In the morning, then." 
"I am sure that you are both quite exhausted after your journey," Carel said. "You will want to rest. Vorrik will show you to your quarters. We will meet here at the fourth hour after sunrise. Is that agreeable?" 
"Yes, thank you. You are truly a kind host, Carel." 
"Thank you. Enjoy your meal." 
Salek bowed alongside Deryn. When the two men followed Vorrik out of the throne room, they drifted back to talk in private. 
Deryn raised his eyebrows at his brother. 
"Well, did you learn anything you can use to our advantage?" 
"It is too early to say," Salek answered. "Other than their pride in the defeat of the Torwyn, I did not notice any weakness. Carel is truly an intelligent creature. Tomorrow should be interesting." 
"What would we give to them in exchange for the shield?" Deryn asked. 
"I have several ideas I can try tomorrow. Anything from a soldier exchange to emptying the Royal Treasury. No matter what occurs, that shield will return with us to Sidea." 
"It depends on how well you can bargain, Salek." 
*** 
Salek and Deryn ate with the Crendillan soldiers in a common room and explained what would happen the next day. The men, except for Deryn, gambled and drank for a few hours. They then retired to their rooms, all slightly drunk except for Salek, Deryn, and Brycen. It would not do to meet a ruler with a hangover. 
*** 
As Salek was falling to sleep, he heard a knock at his door. 
"Who is it?" he asked, getting up and walking over to the doorway. 
"It is Vorrik, my lord," a voice said from behind the door. "His Majesty is here and wishes to speak with you." 
"Just a moment." 
Salek pulled on a shirt and opened the door. 
"Come in, Carel." 
"Thank you, Salek," said the Herdyn as he entered the room. "Leave us, Vorrik." 
"Yes, Your Highness." 
"What brings you here at this hour, Carel?" asked Salek. 
"I needed to speak with you as a Blood Child." 
Salek sighed with relief and smiled. 
"I am glad to hear you say that. It is good that you hid your loyalty from my unsuspecting brother." 
"That was the reason for the whole display earlier. Our Lord Gagenor spoke to me in my dreams last night. He told me that you were coming for the shield and that Deryn is not on our side." 
"I thank you for being discrete." 
"You are his Chosen. Aside from Gagenor, we must all bow to your wishes." 
"What shall we discuss in the morning?" Salek asked. "You cannot just give me the shield. Not only would that make Deryn suspicious, but Karras also would never be able to comprehend it." 
"We will commit to an alliance between the Herdyn and your king," said Carel, sitting down in front of Salek. "More symbolic than an actual treaty. Once you have broken the shields, Gagenor will return. Any deal with Karras will be meaningless." 
"That is true. Then, our bargaining will only be a show. Does anyone in Lintor'el not know of Gagenor's plans?" 
"Only our human slaves are ignorant of that." 
"Slaves?" asked Salek in surprise. "Vorrik told me–" 
Carel laughed. 
"Vorrik does not know the truth of it. He has been here since he was a babe. We told him a silly story about an agreement between Lintor'el and the local villages. The others will never tell him the truth. Their lives are forfeit if they do. We do not mistreat them, but they can never leave. The guards we send to the villages keep them in line." 
"Do whatever you feel is necessary. We have no concern about your actions or conditions," Salek said. "The shield is the only important thing." 
"I agree." 
"Gagenor will reward you for your loyalty. Your help will make you a leader in his new empire." 
"I will do all that I can to speed the day of his arrival," said Carel, preparing to leave. 
"Good. I look forward to our discussion tomorrow." 
Salek held the door open so that the Herdyn king could exit. 
"Sleep well, Salek." 
***  
Princess Dareila ambled down a dim hallway that led to Traven's laboratory. Opening a heavy oak door, she hesitated at the top of a stairway. The way down was lit by the flames of lanterns lining the walls. The flickering light made it seem as if the walls were moving. She drew in a deep breath and began to descend the steps. 
Worried about her brother, Dareila had decided to talk with Travern. As far as she knew, he had not left his work for an entire week. She was concerned for his health, that he was pushing himself too hard. 
He cannot even come above ground for some air, she thought. 
Pausing at the bottom of the staircase, she noticed something that had not been there before. A heavy lock had been added to the metal door that opened into Traven's laboratory. It was not locked now, but the fact that he would ever wish to secure the door bothered her. It was a feeling she did not understand and added to her concern. 
Dareila pulled the door open as quietly as possible and stepped inside. She waited a moment to allow her eyes to adjust to the increase in light. 
The room had torches on all the walls as well as a brightly burning fireplace. A bowl of green crystal was hanging by a chain in the center of the room. It held a single candle. 
Dareila did not see Traven anywhere but took note of the shield. It lay in a niche cut into the stone wall and was wrapped in simple chains that were attached to links in the stone. She could see the air shimmering with the power of Traven's magic that was protecting it. 
Dareila stepped forward and looked around for any sign of her brother's presence. She passed into a narrow hallway that was lined with unknown animals in small liquid-filled jars before entering his actual laboratory. 
On one of his long worktables, a strange patch of white underneath a brown rag caught her attention. Her curiosity made her approach, and she drew back the cloth to reveal the smooth bone of a human skull. 
Dareila covered her mouth with her hands to hold back a scream. All that escaped was a tiny squeak. Her heart pounding, she stepped backward quickly and collided with a table. A hand closed on her shoulder, and she spun quickly to face whoever it was. 
"Dareila," said Traven with a concerned face. "What has frightened you, my sister? You look as if you are about to faint. Here, sit down." 
She pointed a shaking finger at the skull. 
"What are you doing with that?" she asked, backing away. 
"This skull? Well, I– I– " he stammered, trying to think quickly. "This has been in the castle for many years. There is an entire skeleton. Master Lucas used it in his studies when I was but an apprentice." 
"What sort of studies?" 
"Anatomy, of course," he said, now smiling to reassure her. "To learn how to heal whatever can ail a person. It was how I was taught." 
Dareila laughed in relief. 
"Now, I feel foolish. I am sorry I thought you–" 
"What?" 
"Never mind, I was worried about you. You have not left this room for a week. It is not right to work yourself in this manner." 
"You are right," answered Traven, "However, I am awfully close to many discoveries and cannot quit now. I don't have the time." 
"Is any discovery worth placing a lock on your door?" she asked. 
"I only do that to protect the shield from anyone who would wish to harm it." 
"I understand. However, discovery or not, you must rest sooner or later," Dareila insisted. 
Traven decided to give in on this point. 
"Very well. What would you have me do?" 
"Would you kindly meet Karras and me for a proper meal in the dining room?" 
"Yes, but not tonight, I– " he said before abruptly stopping when she placed her hand over his mouth. 
"Mother always thought you talked too much, and she was right. I will not allow you to refuse me this." 
Traven bowed sarcastically. 
"In that case, I would be honored to join you. I will consider it my duty." 
"That is much better. We'll make a proper human out of you any day now." 
"You can try." 
"I do miss Master Lucas, though," Dareila said. "He was always such a kind old man. I still do not understand why he wanted to leave." 
"It is hard to say. I knew him as well as anyone, and I have no idea. He would not explain. Perhaps he just became tired after so many years of service to the throne and retired to the country to live in peace." 
"I hope he is doing fine," she said, turning to leave. "I must be going. I will see you tonight." 
"You will, sister." 
Traven closed the door as she left. He sighed and leaned back against the door, reminding himself never to leave the door unlocked. Then, he walked over to his experiment table, picked up the skull, and looked at it closely. 
"That was a close call Master," he said to the remains of Wizard Lucas. "Was it not?" 
Laughing, he put the skull back on the table. 
Years ago, when Gagenor first appeared to Traven, the young wizard quickly grew strong enough in the dark power to best his master. He coerced Lucas's mind and made him give the false show of retiring. Instead of leaving Sidea, the wizard was murdered by Traven the next night. The pupil killed his master slowly. Torturing him to death increased Traven's strength in the Blood Magic to which Gagenor had introduced him. 
Traven kept Lucas's bones because a wizard's skeleton contains much power. He knew he would need this power for the spell that would help him locate the third shield. 
First, Traven had to find the proper spell. For a week, he had spent all his time searching through his vast library of magic and had only made it through a tiny portion. Feeling an enormous amount of pressure to identify the spell, he returned to his massive bookcases to resume the search. 
Time was running out. 
Chapter 14 - The Torwyn 
"Gaerid, what do we do now?" asked Byrelle. "We are a strong force with a dragon and yourself. But surely, you can't suggest we try to take on Lintor'el." 
"I would never think of such a thing," Gaerid replied. "I do not suggest that. No, we will use magic to get inside, find the shield, and then slip away undetected. Unharmed, hopefully." 
"Do you happen to know your way around in that fortress?" asked Randel. "It will be hard to find the shield if we don't know the building." 
"Yes, I have thought about that," Gaerid said, sitting down on a large rock. "While Jalen could locate the shield using Skeldaar, it should be easier than that. I hope to find one of my friends who knows Lintor'el as well as any Herdyn." 
"Who would that be?" Randel asked in confusion. "No person has been in there for a hundred years except for Herdyn–" 
"The Torwyn," Thrayl interrupted. 
"At last, someone who has read a history book," said Gaerid. 
He stood up and shook the large man's hand. 
"Yes, the Torwyn. Who better to ask about this place than those who once lived there?" 
"Of course, you happen to be on good speaking terms with the Torwyn," quipped Byrelle. 
She looked at Gaerid expectantly. 
"Of course." 
"Nothing will ever surprise me again." 
"Where can we find them?" Randel asked. 
"We cannot and will not find them. The Torwyn will find us. That is the only way." 
"You're saying that we have to sit here and wait for them!" Jalen exclaimed. "We've got to find the shield soon. We don't have time to wait." 
Gaerid walked over and placed his hand on Jalen's shoulder. 
"No, we are going to walk a few miles off this road and wait there. I have met them before at that very place. They will find us quickly." 
Jalen looked down at his feet. 
"I am sorry, Gaerid. I am just anxious to go." 
"I know, Jalen. Do not worry about the time. The Torwyn will help us get there faster." 
*** 
They pushed their way through dense brush. In truth, they followed Uri, whose passing cleared a wide path through the growth. They walked at a leisurely pace behind the dragon, arriving in a short while at a small clearing. 
Gaerid sat on a tree stump. 
"Now, we wait."  
"Where are we?" asked Byrelle. "What is special about this place?" 
"Do you see those claw marks on that tree over there?" Gaerid asked, pointing towards four lines cut into the bark. "That is the symbol for Torwyn territory. We are on the edge of their lands now, and they should become aware of our presence shortly." 
"Well done, old man," Randel said, then turning to Byrelle, "It seems we now have some time to get better acquainted." 
She smiled coldly. 
"You're assuming I would want anything to do with you."
"Come on. I am not that repulsive. There must be some quality about me that you like." 
"You are persistent. I will give you that much, Randel." 
"You like persistence then. I can do that. I can manage that until I die." 
"I also admire persistence in a horse." 
Byrelle stood and walked away. 
"Oh, that was funny, wasn't it?" Randel said when he noticed Uri seemed to be laughing. 
Randel walked over and kicked the dragon's leg. Turning away to follow Byrelle, he tripped over Uri's tail, missed his step, and fell forward. Looking up Uri, he grinned. 
"All right, you win." 
*** 
After about an hour's wait, a roar was heard from above, and all eyes turned upward. The source of the noise swooped downward for a graceful landing in the center of the clearing. 
It was a solitary female Torwyn, a tawny lion with mighty wings like an eagle. Folding those wings onto her back, she walked closer to appraise them with golden eyes. The tip of her right ear was missing. 
"Welcome to Torwyn lands," she said. "I do not wish to be rude, but I must know your intentions here." 
"By all means. My name is Gaerid, and I am an old friend of Falen. I humbly ask your permission to speak with him." 
"Very well. You and your friends are welcome to come with me. His majesty has mentioned your name before. I am Fleda, and I will take you there now. And I expect nothing but good behavior from you." 
This last comment was directed at Uri with only a slight threat. The dragon bowed his head to show his respect. 
Fleda seemed satisfied with his response and turned away from them. 
"Follow me please," she said, leading them deeper into the forest. 
"You certainly have plenty of connections, don't you, Gaerid?" asked Byrelle. 
"It's the only reason we brought him with us," Randel said. 
"Why did they bring you?" she asked. 
"My charming personality." 
*** 
They arrived that evening at a small town several miles away. There were wooden houses, small tents, and Torwyn everywhere. 
Fleda led them to a single massive tent. A dark-haired boy pulled a flap aside, and they all entered except for Uri. 
"Gaeridellan Razidene!" cried a large male Torwyn with a black mane that surrounded his strong face. "What brings you here, Wizard? I have not seen you in years. How have you been?" 
"I am good, Falen. Look at you now - king of all the Torwyn. Last time I saw you, you were just a warrior. Now, you're their leader." 
"Well, many things change over time. I don't remember your hair being quite so gray." 
"It happens to all of us eventually. Just look at this place. You've built up quite a nice little town here." 
"Thank you. We make do." 
"What were those first words?" whispered Randel. 
"That was Gaerid's full name," explained Jalen. "He just uses a shorter version." 
"I can see why," said Thrayl. 
"Introduce me to your friends, Gaerid. We've been ignoring them." 
Gaerid then introduced all of them. 
"How long has it been since you last talked?" asked Jalen. 
"Too long, boy. Let me see. We fought together during the Dwarves' Civil War. That was–." 
"Two hundred and twelve years ago," Thrayl said incredulously. 
"What?" cried Randel. 
"You knew this, right?" Byrelle asked Jalen. 
Jalen shook his head. 
"This is the first I've ever heard of this. Gaerid, were you ever planning on telling me your age?" 
"Sorry, Jalen, it never meant much to me after I turned one hundred. The magic has kept me looking a bit younger than I am." 
"A bit younger?" Randel said. "We should all have that kind of magic." 
"It seems you have some things to discuss with your friends," Falen said. "Go to your tents and get cleaned up. We will have a great meal to honor your return." 
"Thank you, old friend. Where are the tents?" 
"They are erecting them as we speak," Falen answered. "Please be back in about an hour." 
*** 
"Gaerid, why haven't the Torwyn tried to take back Lintor'el from the Herdyn?" asked Jalen as they entered their tent,  
"You have to understand what they have been through," Gaerid explained. "They were nearly destroyed when the Herdyn took their home. Only a handful of Torwyn survived after that battle, and they have spent the last century creating this small village. I don't think they want to fight anymore." 
"We could help them. With Uri and your magic, we could return Lintor'el to them." 
"I had considered offering Falen our help, but once I saw what they had built here–. I cannot ask them to give this up. We should let them have their peace." 
"Alright," Jalen said. "At least, you could have told me your real age." 
"You never asked. I was born two hundred and forty-two years ago." 
"Now, I understand why you know so much history. You've lived through most of it." 
*** 
Byrelle, Thrayl, and Randel walked casually through the buildings and tents that made up the Torwyn's home. They were accepted as soon as they made any mention of Gaerid. They felt at ease among so many who did not treat them as strangers. Thrayl was left with the impression that the Torwyn were genuinely peaceful people. 
"What they've accomplished here is remarkable," Thrayl stated in admiration. "To be almost destroyed and then to rebuild and recover. All of the violence of the past has been forgotten." 
Byrelle disagreed. 
"If I were living here, I would not be able to take it." 
"Why is that?" asked Randel. 
"It is simple," she explained. "If somebody has harmed my people and is living in my home, I would not be content in making a new home. I would be thirsting for revenge every day." 
"I see your point. Still, when you have seen enough violence, you become tired of it. Putting the past behind is perfectly natural." 
"I would still not be content with my enemy in my castle." 
Thrayl spoke up. 
"I believe it was Vitarus who said, 'Violence is a waste of energy; energy that is misguided and could be put to better use in other ways.'"
"Vitarus sounds like a wise man. Who was he?" asked Randel.
"The second king of Crendill. He unified all of Crendill to fight off the barbarians from Dryla." 
"Seems odd that you should admire him, Randel," said Byrelle. 
"What makes you say that?" asked Randel. 
"You criminals are never averse to using violence to get what you want. You do remember the guard you fought on your way out of town, don't you?" 
"I remember that I didn't kill him. Anyway, he attacked me." 
"Yes, but he was only doing his job in trying to take you prisoner. You only wanted to save yourself." 
"You don't know what you are talking about, Byrelle," Randel warned. 
"Oh, I think I do. Or was it your stand against violence that made you run away from your duty?" 
Randel pointed his finger in her face. 
"You don't know why I left, so you have no right to talk about it. Besides, you hunt people for money. Spare me any of your speeches about morality." 
"I must have hit a sore spot," she said to Thrayl as Randel walked away. 
Thrayl did not answer and just shook his head. 
"What?" she demanded. 
"I don't want to get involved with your love problems," he said and walked away. 
"My love problems? Wait! Come back here!" 
*** 

"Welcome, Gaerid," said Falen, as the wizard entered the tent. "I am glad that you have come. Bring all your friends in except for Uri. Unfortunately, this is the largest tent we have." 
"It will not be a problem. This tent would probably make him feel confined." 
"He won't feel left out?" asked the Torwyn. 
"He can hear us, and I can tell you anything he has to say," Jalen added. 
"You surprise me, young man. Being able to speak with dragons is a rare talent. Tell him I am sorry he could not eat with us." 
"He says that is fine, sir. He thanks you for the deer you gave him." 
"It was my pleasure. Please seat yourselves at the table as you wish. I want you to meet my closest friends." 
"To my left is Mera, my mate and my queen." 
She regarded them in a regal manner. 
"It is truly an honor to finally meet you, Gaerid. I have heard so much about you." 
"I am glad to know that someone was able to see past Falen's faults and make a responsible person out of him," said Gaerid. 
"I haven't done that yet," she admitted. "Falen is a stubborn, arrogant fool, just like he's been all his life. But I'll keep working on him." 
"My loving wife," Falen growled playfully.
"Next to her is my son, Broweth." 
"It is a pleasure to meet my father's old friends," said the young Torwyn. 
"Finally, to my right is Harik, my mentor and advisor." 
He indicated a grizzled old Torwyn with one blind eye. 
"Yes, I remember you, Harik," Gaerid said. "It is good to see you again." 
"And I remember you, Wizard." 
Then, Gaerid introduced the members of his group to the Torwyn.
"Well, now that we all know each other," said Falen, "it is time to eat. Then Gaerid, you can tell us why you chose to visit us." 
*** 
"That was the best meal any of us have had in weeks," Randel said, "Gaerid, you should take us to meet your friends more often." 
Falen roared in laughter. 
"You bring fascinating people to the table with you, Gaerid. Now, what has brought you to us after so long?" 
"Unfortunately, I did not come here to visit with you. I am here because I could use your help." 
"With what?" 
"I will explain. You have all heard of The Prophecy of the Chosen?" 
"Of course," said Mera. "All the Torwyn know every word by heart." 
"It is happening right now. We are the ones aiding the Chosen of Learoden in his search for the shields. Jalen is the Child of Light, and we have found the blade Skeldaar. The Child of Blood has already found one of the shields and–" 
"And you want us to help you retrieve the shield that is held in Lintor'el," said Falen. 
"Exactly." 
"We will help you, as we can, out of our duty to our creator. I think I know what you are planning. We will tell you all that we know about the fortress so that you may sneak in and take the shield from the Herdyn." 
"That is all we ask." 
"That was awfully easy, Jalen. I expected this to be much more difficult."
"I know what you mean. It is not over yet."
"What do you mean to do? Jalen, I don't like it when you get like this."
"Just wait."
"Jalen!"
Jalen ignored the dragon's pleas and went on with his idea. 
"Falen, why have you not tried to take back Lintor'el from the Herdyn?" 
"What right do you have to ask such a question?" asked Harik. "You think you know us so well." 
"Harik, calm yourself!" ordered Falen sternly. "You shouldn't attack him just for asking a simple question. You knew me at that age. I was always asking things like that." 
"Jalen, you should not have–" began Gaerid. 
"Don't you start, Gaerid," Falen warned. "It is not as if the mention of our defeat will crush me or push me into a rage. The boy asked an honest question, and he deserves an honest answer. I am glad to know he was not afraid to speak up. I will answer him." 
"Part of my answer goes back to whom the Torwyn once were. Before the Herdyn began attacking, we numbered in the thousands. We were a proud race, never troubling others and often coming to the defense of those being wrongfully attacked. For three hundred years before I was born, my ancestors were the protectors of this area of Crendill. All the surrounding villages and towns respected us. 
"Then, the Herdyn attacked. Their numbers had been multiplying twice as fast as ours, and we were outnumbered. They fought without honor, attacking us at night, and even attacking the humans who did not get involved. 
"We battled them with all we had, fighting back day after day. Both sides lost high numbers in horrible bloody battles. Ultimately, there were just too many of them. We were forced to flee our home. 
"Only a handful of my people survived. We have spent the last hundred years rebuilding and making the new home that you now see. It is enough for us to remember that slaughter and be glad that we were not wiped from the earth."
"I hope this helps you understand us better, Jalen. Of course, we are angry about losing Lintor'el, yet we know it is not worth the lives it would cost to retake it. Lintor'el is just a stone. The Torwyn now make this town their home." 
"But Lintor'el is rightfully yours," replied Jalen. "The Herdyn do not deserve it." 
"None of us are saying that it is right, Jalen," responded Mera in a calm tone. "What Falen means is that we have learned that crossing claws solves nothing. It only leads to more violence." 
"Violence is often the only way to right a wrong," asserted Randel. 
"I do know what you mean," said Falen. "We have had these debates for many years and still do not see enough of a reason to fight another war. We have suffered enough." 
"This is ridiculous, Falen. There is no reason to listen to this," began Harik. 
"Give them a chance to talk," Broweth said. "I want to hear what they have to say." 
"Let it go, Jalen."
"Isn't that suffering a good enough reason?" Jalen asked. "The Herdyn have taken your home and live there in your place. They almost destroyed your kind. What more does it take? Eventually, they will see what you have built here and try to take it away from you. Will you just say that you won't fight anymore?" 
"I think I just went too far, Uri."
Jalen realized he was standing and sat down quickly. He could not bring himself to look at Gaerid. 
"I tried to warn you."
"Gaerid, where did you find such a smart young man?" asked Falen, impressed by Jalen's speech. "He understands what drives all of us, human and Torwyn alike." 
"You cannot be listening to what he is saying," said Harik. "What right does he have to come here and tell you what to do?" 
"You would be wise to stop pushing me, Harik," Falen threatened. "The more that you try to stop him from speaking, the more I agree with what Jalen says." 
"Falen, even if you thought he was right, there are simply not enough of us to fight the Herdyn." 
"Broweth, what sort of numbers would we be facing?" 
"The Herdyn could bring about seven hundred to a fight." 
"We could only muster about a third of that, correct?" 
"That would be my best guess," Broweth quietly agreed.
"It can't be done," said Mera. "Their numbers are just too great." 
"With our help, you would have more than that," said Jalen. 
"That is true, Jalen. However, there are only five of you," noted Falen. "It would not make much difference." 
"I will fight with them."
"I was getting to that, Uri."
"You will have Gaerid who can make a great difference," Jalen said. "Also, the four of us can fight very well. However, you forgot the most important advantage." 
"What is that?" Falen asked. 
"A dragon. Uri can make a huge impact in a battle. Give us a chance to win your home back." 
"Father, I think we can do it," said Broweth hopefully. 
"I agree," said Mera. 
"Falen, as your advisor, I must ask you to reconsider," insisted Harik. "Think of what you are risking." 
"Be quiet, Harik. I have heard both sides, and this boy has convinced me. Do not let your dislike for humans prevent you from seeing that Jalen is right. Haven't the Herdyn pushed us long enough?" 
"It is time to push back," Mera said. 
"Well, you young cubs can go fight your war if that is what you wish," Harik said. "Do not expect me to become involved. I have seen enough death with my eye." 
Harik then left the tent.
"Jalen, please let me apologize for Harik," said Falen. "He is old and becomes more set in his ways with every year." 
"It is fine. What has set him against humans?" 
"His eye," said Broweth. 
"Yes, it was his damned eye that did it," said Falen. "During the Battle of Lintor'el, the humans sent soldiers to fight by our side against the Herdyn. In the thick of war, there are so many bodies in motion that accidents will always occur. A stray arrow from an archer struck him in his eye and half-blinded him. To this day, he still blames the men who helped us." 
"It is a quite natural reaction," added Gaerid. 
"Yes. For a while, perhaps. Holding on to it is unhealthy, especially after humans have helped us to recover. Harik will change his mind once we have Lintor'el back." 
"That is the confidence we'll need in a fight," said Randel. "When do we attack?" 
Falen laughed. 
"My goodness, such enthusiasm. Gaerid, your friends share your eagerness to face danger for others." 
"Randel has perfected it into an art-form," replied Gaerid. 
"My constant need for danger is the reason I have for traveling with you, old man," returned Randel. 
"No, not again," groaned Byrelle, shaking her head. 
"Ha!" laughed Falen. "He knows you well, Gaerid. Enough of this fun. I have many things I must discuss with my family and my people. I would ask you to stay, but this is a matter mainly for the Torwyn. I must have the support of many before I can risk our survival." 
Gaerid rose to his feet. 
"We understand perfectly, Falen. We could use a night's rest after our journey." 
"I will speak to you in the morning. Then, we can begin planning the fight." 
"Goodnight, Falen," said Gaerid.
As they were leaving the tent, Falen called out. "Jalen." 
Jalen turned to face him. "Yes, sir?"   
"I want to thank you." 
"For what?" 
"For bringing new ideas to us. You must be very bright to be able to speak so genuinely when you barely know us. That insight will help you in many ways. Sleep well." 
"Thank you," Jalen answered. 
*** 
"Are you happy now that you've started a war?" asked Uri.
"I only said what felt right," snapped Jalen.
"I was joking, Jalen. I agree with you on this." 
"It is necessary to make things right," Jalen replied. 
"Then, getting the shield more directly had nothing to do with it." 
"Only at first," Jalen admitted. "Once I met them and heard their past, I had to say something." 
"You said what they needed to hear."
*** 
 Once outside of the tent, Byrelle grabbed Gaerid's arm and pulled him to one side. 
"I don't know Jalen that well, so I can't judge him. But I do not think he is always like he was in there. Where did he learn to speak so well?" 
"That is the thing about it," said Gaerid. "I have no idea. He did that all on his own." 
"So, Jalen can suddenly debate like a great orator." 
"He has been surprising me with many things for the last year or so. He picks up new talents out of nowhere." 
"That must be what happens when you are Learoden's Chosen." 
*** 
The next morning, Salek walked the halls of Lintor'el towards the meeting room where the bargaining for the shield would begin. Deryn followed slightly to Salek's right with Brycen on Salek's left. The men kept their faces clear of any expression or emotion. 
Salek nodded to Vorrik, who was holding the door for them. They entered the room, took their seats quickly, and waited for Carel to arrive. 
"Good morning, gentlemen," said Carel as he entered and walked to the head of the table. 
He was accompanied by a much larger Herdyn, powerfully muscled and with pure black fur. The grey eyes of the large Herdyn passed over the humans with little interest. 
"Salek, Deryn, I would like you to meet my younger brother, Kron. 
"Greetings," said Salek. "And, I want to introduce Brycen, one of my captains and one of the finest soldiers in the Crendillan army." 
"Good, now we can begin. We have the shield, and that is what you want." 
"It seems that you have the advantage. King Karras has given me the authority to make arrangements in his stead." 
"Well, we have become quite attached to the shield. It has been with us for a long time. What do you have to offer us?" 
"There is much that I can give you." 
Salek pretended to be annoyed and tried to stop a smile from forming. He was enjoying this act. 
"Give us some specifics, please," said Kron quietly. 
"Be at ease, brother," cautioned Carel. "These are our friends, and I want them to stay that way. Go ahead, Salek. What were you saying?" 
"First, we can speak of money. We are willing to form a link of trade with Lintor'el. It would bring more gold to your area and bring new things to Sidea as well." 
"That is acceptable to us," said Carel with Kron's agreement. "I assume we will pay an annual tax to Karras." 
"Yes, but nothing that would be unreasonable," Salek reassured him. "Second, we will have an exchange of soldiers. A division of my soldiers will come here to aid you. A group of your fighters will join my army in Sidea. We will agree to come to your aid if you are attacked." 
"We will agree to the same. This arrangement is good for all of us so far." 
"To this point, it has all been an equal exchange of help and money. Should we not offer something more to the benefit of the Herdyn," asked Deryn, just as Salek had hoped. 
"Yes, I was getting to that, Deryn. We also are willing to send you four thousand gold coins from the Royal Treasury." 
"That seems about right to me," Carel said without hesitation. He turned to his brother.
"What do you say, Kron?" 
"I don't know. That does not sound like quite enough to me," he answered. "This shield is very valuable. I would ask for an additional thousand gold to at least cover the shield's worth. Karras' treasury can handle that." 
Salek gave a false show of distaste. 
"It is more than we had intended to spend. But, if that is what you require of us, we shall pay that amount. Is there anything else that we need to deal with?" 
"We can worry about the details after our mid-day meal. For now, we will write the basic points of our new agreement on paper so that we can sign it into action," said Carel. 
"Excellent," Salek replied. 
"Vorrik, bring paper and write this." 
As Vorrik wrote out the treaty, Deryn leaned over and spoke quietly to Salek. 
"That was almost too easy. I thought it would take us all day. How did you do that?" 
"I realized he was bluffing about his attachment to the shield. We just had to put our money in front of him, and I knew he would give in." 
"You found greed as their weakness and used it." 
"That is what I meant by watching and learning," Salek said.
"I have a much greater understanding than I once had." 
"Good." 
It took about an hour for Vorrik to finish writing out the treaty which they signed. After slowly eating their meal, they spend the rest of the afternoon documenting minor details.
"With that done, we will get out of your way and return to our home," said Salek. 
"Nonsense," uttered Carel. "You only just arrived here yesterday. You should stay a few days more as our guests." 
"I cannot deny your kind request, Carel. We would be honored to take advantage of your hospitality. But only for a short time." 
*** 
Jalen was nervous about the violence he knew would occur in the next few days. He had never faced a live opponent since he had learned to fight with a sword. And, he had never killed anything excluding the wraith knight who was already dead before the fight started. Jalen thought of himself as a peaceful person and did not know if he could kill to get the Torwyn's home back. 
"You'll be fine, Jalen. When you know what you are fighting for, it becomes more agreeable." 
"That's easy for you to say. You kill to eat, so you're used to it."
"So, I'm just a mindless killing organism." 
"No." 
"And that is not what I was trying to say," Uri said. "You started this. You got everyone's emotions going with that speech of yours. Now, they are willing to fight to win back their home. Violence, for the right reason, does not make you a monstrous killer." 
"That's good to know, Uri. I'm still not going to enjoy it." 
"Nobody with a sound mind would." 

Chapter 15 - Preparation for War 
Jalen and his friends met with the Torwyn to discuss the upcoming battle against the Herdyn. They sat around the table once again, but this time they pulled the tent flaps aside. This allowed Uri to bring his head inside where he could listen to the conversation. 
Jalen was bored with the discussion. It had mostly been Falen, Broweth, and Randel bickering about details concerning how they would attack. Although Jalen was the one who had proposed taking back Lintor'el, he had nothing to add because he had never been in battle. 
"That would never work," said Falen. "They have sentries on the walls who would see us coming!" 
"But couldn't Gaerid make us invisible?" asked Randel. 
"No. I could keep the Herdyn from seeing perhaps a dozen Torwyn but not half of the population." 
"That won't do at all," said Mera. "We need another plan." 
Suddenly, Uri backed out of the tent and stepped aside. 
Harik walked in slowly. He looked around at them expectantly, waiting for anyone to speak. They simply moved aside to give him room to take a seat. 
Uri resumed his place. 
"Harik, what makes you come back now?" Falen asked after a long wait. 
"Once I heard that all our people were behind fighting for our home, I knew it was my responsibility to help you plan. It is not as if you can prepare a proper battle without my assistance." 
"You assume that your help is wanted, Harik," Falen growled. "After your outburst yesterday, I do not think you have any right to help us." 
"Stop this," scolded Mera. "Falen, don't try to make him apologize. You know him, and he will never give in. At the very least, he came back. Isn't that enough?" 
After a moment of hesitation, Falen replied, "I suppose it will have to do." 
"Good," Harik shouted with enthusiasm. "What do you have figured out so far? Without my brilliant strategic mind, that is." 
"First, can you tell us what caused this change of heart?" asked Broweth with confusion. 
"I have no love for humans. However, Jalen has given me pause to think again. He is smart and spoke the truth. I will put aside my personal feelings for the good of our people." 
"That is good to hear," said Falen. "Let's get back to the planning." 
"We were looking at a three-sided attack, but the sentries will spot our approach," Broweth explained. 
"I'll get to that shortly," Harik interrupted. "Jalen, what do you need to get in and retrieve the shield?"
"We must act quickly and not wait until the battle is over, or the Herdyn will run off with it."
"We were discussing an approach last night," said Gaerid. "After the fighting begins, I will create a small hole in the outer wall. I will hold it only long enough to get Jalen, Randel, and Thrayl inside. Uri will let me know when they have the shield. I will recreate the hole to let them return." 
"That will only work if they have a guide to show them through Lintor'el," said Falen. "So, I will join them when they go inside." 
"That would be helpful," agreed Harik. "I'll just forget advising you not to risk yourself this way." 
"Why am I being left out?" asked Byrelle in a hurt tone. "I want to be part of the secret attack." 
"Your expert skill with the bow will serve us better outside where you have more room," said Broweth. 
"I see. It is hard to draw a bow in a narrow hallway." 
"Back to the question of the sentries," said Harik. "I don't think we should be concerned with the sentries catching sight of us. With the clearing around the fortress and the thin forest, they will spot us anyway. Instead, we should try to draw them away into a trap." 
"If you send a small group to fly along the walls, they should follow," said Thrayl. "Then, it will just be a matter of leading them to the larger force. We should take care of them quickly." 
"Exactly," said Harik in surprise. "Once they realize their sentries are gone, we will have their full attention. Young man, where did you learn so much about war? I know you have never fought in one." 
"I haven't. I have, however, studied all the historical battles. I find the use of strategy fascinating." 
"We will use your knowledge as much as we can," said Falen. "What next, Harik?" 
"I was thinking about using the Dragon's Jaw formation. What do you think, Falen?" 
"It should work–" Falen stopped when he saw Thrayl shaking his head. "What is it, Thrayl? You don't seem to approve." 
"It won't work." 
"Please explain why not. I am interested in your view." 
"Letos tried that in the Battle of Kvenna eight hundred years ago," said Thrayl. "It did not work, and they were slaughtered. Also, they fought that battle on the ground. We are going to be fighting in the air." 
"Good show, Thrayl," said Harik. "You do know something about the famous battle. Since you know something about Letos, you know enough to help us plan." 
"Thank you. If we alter the Dragon's Jaw to what we need, it may be perfect." 
"Go on." 
"You see, Letos had a good strategy, but he was outnumbered five to one. The Dragon's Jaw is a formation that you only use to occupy an enemy until you bring in a larger force to rush them." 
"Why did it fail for Letos?" asked Jalen. 
"First, let me explain what the Dragon's Jaw does. You position your forces in a double row across the battlefield so that you appear to have half of your actual number. When the enemy comes forward, you put your lines end to end to form one line. The enemy will attack the middle. Here is the trick. You fall back in the middle, feigning a retreat, but bring the ends of the line forward before they realize what is happening. You close around them like a dragon's mouth swinging shut." 
"I like it." 
"Good for you," Jalen said. "Let him finish." 
"This is where Letos slipped," Thrayl continued. "He could not use it to contain his enemy. All his men were fighting, and he had no reserve. He was badly outnumbered and could not hold his lines. The enemy broke loose and beat him horribly." 
"What can we do differently to make it work?" asked Mera. 
"The Torwyn are better off because they are only outnumbered about two and one half to one." 
"That's better?" joked Randel. 
"Not much, but yes. It helps that a Torwyn is bigger than a Herdyn. We should be able to hold them. Next, we will reduce their numbers with a surprise assault." 
"That would be me." 
"Uri says that he can take care of that part," said Jalen. 
"And I can create almost as much havoc as he can," added Gaerid. 
"I remember," said Falen. "Your magic is going to be needed to even out the odds in this fight." 
"Yes, we will use the dragon and the wizard to change the balance of power to our advantage," said Harik.
"Wait," said Falen. "You two keep planning and tell us when you've got it all arranged. I must speak with my people to prepare them for battle. Will the rest of you join me?" 
They agreed and left to walk back through the camp. 
Thrayl moved over to stand next to Harik. 
"I can show you here on the map," said Thrayl. 
*** 
"Randel," shouted Byrelle as she left the tent. 
Randel paused, without turning to look at her, and waited for her to catch up with him. He then started walking again and said nothing. 
"If you will stop, I want to talk." 
"Are you unable to walk and talk at the same time?" asked Randel. 
"Very well, I would like to apologize." 
"For what?" 
"You know what I am speaking of," she said.
She sighed in frustration when Randel did not answer. 
"I am sorry for taunting you the other day. I did not have any right to speak to you that way." 
"I think you sincerely mean that. What has changed?" 
"I never knew why you left your post. Jalen told me what happened. To be honest, I would have done the same in that situation." 
"So, what now?" Randel asked. 
"Now, I think I can put aside my anger about the lost bounty and act civilly toward you. Since we are stuck being around each other." 
"Apology accepted. If you know my past, am I allowed to learn anything about yours?" 
"I suppose it would not hurt," Byrelle agreed. "What do you want to know?" 
"Who was your first bounty?" 
"The first one was the man who murdered my brother." 
"I'm sorry to hear that. So, revenge set you on your way." 
"Yes, I wish it could have been something nobler, but revenge started it. It was afterward that I changed. The sense of putting something right made me continue with it." 
"And the money?" 
"It is only a small part of it and not as good as you imagine it to be. The money is usually just enough to get Thrayl and me through to the next hunt." 
"It's such a simple story," Randel said. "It is ironic that the two of us are working together." 
"A bounty hunter and an outlaw working on the same side," she pondered. "It doesn't seem much stranger than knowing a wizard and a dragon." 
"A closer relationship for us probably would not be too harmful," he said. 
"Perhaps." 
"Who knows? Maybe one day, our friendship will be close enough to share a tent." 
"Pig!" Byrelle said, slapping sharply across his face and walking quickly away. 
Jalen saw what happened. Hiding a smile behind his hand, he went over to Randel. 
"I don't think she likes you, Randel." 
"Whatever gave you that idea?" asked Randel, rubbing his reddening cheek. "So, you told her." 
"I was just trying to help your situation," Jalen said. "I am guessing your mouth got in the way again." 
"I don't need your help, Jalen." 
"No, you seem to be doing a good job of making her hate you on your own. It is too bad, though. I thought she was ready to be friendly toward you. For a short while there, she did not despise your presence." 
"I teach you how to fight with a sword, and this is how you treat me. I thought we were friends." 
"I'm sorry, Randel," Jalen said. "Your attempts for her love aren't working. Maybe, you are too aggressive." 
"I'll get her my way, don't worry. My approach has never failed me before. Let me handle it." 
"Right," said Jalen, shaking his head. 
*** 
Gaerid and Falen walked alone that night. 
"Gaerid, is this the right thing for my people? I remember the last fight with the Herdyn, and it unsettles me." 
"It makes perfect sense that you would have your doubts before a battle, Falen," Gaerid said. "However, you know this is the right thing to do. I should not have to tell you that. It is your home you are fighting to take back." 
"I know, old friend. It is just that my race nearly vanished in the last fight. Risking that again is frightening." 
"Yes, but you have more strength on your side this time. Uri will make a huge impact in your favor. He is the perfect weapon to hit the Herdyn with a crushing blow." 
"A dragon! Tomorrow will be a fine day. Just imagine, fighting side by side like in our younger days."  
"That is the confidence you need to be successful," Gaerid said. "And that is the Falen I remember from the old days. I am glad to say the years have not taken any of the fire out of you." 
"I am not too old, Gaerid. It is refreshing to see a vital youth like Jalen. That boy almost burns with energy. The Child of Light. That name is an understatement." 
"He has always been an unusual boy," said the wizard. "But he seems even more so as of late. There are new surprises every day." 
"Surprises for the Torwyn as well. I had never even considered fighting back until the last few days. I have been overthinking like Harik for far too long." 
"Harik and Thrayl certainly had enough to discuss. I think the plan will work. Thrayl is smarter than I ever thought was possible for a bounty hunter." 
"I agree, the battle plan is sound," said Falen. "Worrying if it will work is a waste of time. We will only find out when the battle is over." 
*** 
Salek turned in his bed restlessly, unable to sleep on the hard surface. The Herdyn did not know comfortable beds. He would have preferred to be sleeping on his cot in the tent. 
Yawning, Salek threw the covers off and sat on the edge of the bed. Then, he walked over to the basin and splashed water on his face. He briefly looked at his reflection in the mirror before noticing a figure standing behind him. Recognizing the hairless scalp of his master, Salek spoke without turning around. 
"How may I serve you, my lord?"   
"You have already done so nicely, Salek. With two shields in our possession, our victory is almost assured." 
"I knew you would be pleased," he said, turning to gaze upon the god. 
"Your reward for this work will be the highest." 
"When I find the third shield, will any rituals be required?" Salek asked. 
"No. Only bring the shields together and shatter them. It is that simple. No words need to be spoken." 
"It is good that the Herdyn held this shield. No struggle was necessary." 
"It appears that you no longer have any dislike toward the Herdyn," Gagenor said. "I told you they were not as bad as you had thought." 
"It was an uninformed viewpoint of them. Now that I have spoken with the Herdyn, I find I have a measure of respect for them." 
"Even though they keep humans as slaves and treat their females nearly the same?" 
"All people have flaws of some kind," said Salek. 
"True." 
"The ease with which I have gathered the shields concerns me," Salek said. "I had expected a great deal of struggle to obtain them. To this point, nothing had stood between us and the shields." 
"The first two were simple, but do not rest in satisfaction yet. According to the prophecy, you will face the Child of Light at the site where the third shield is found. The struggle is far from over. When you leave Lintor'el, you must ride swiftly to meet with your brother. Traven will use his magic, along with the two shields, to locate the third." 
"We will wait one more day to rest my men, and then we will make our return. I assure you that I will do all I can to aid you," said Salek. 
"I know you will. Now I must go," answered Gagenor, who quickly faded from sight.
Salek was left alone with his thoughts. He lay back down on his bed but did not sleep. His mind was filled with visions of his day of victory. 
Chapter 16 - The Second Battle of Lintor'el 
The battle began the next morning. It was warm with the sun shining brightly and only a few thin clouds stretching across a pale blue sky. 
The Herdyn guards in their positions high up on the walls surrounding the fortress were not vigilant. They were enjoying the sunshine, telling jokes, and trading insults. By not paying attention, they nearly missed the start of the fight. 
A dozen Torwyn flew in a tight formation around the wall. They circled the fortress several times, taunting and cursing to make sure their enemy was aware of them. Then, they pulled back a distance from the wall.
The Herdyn guards, now alert and eager to fight, looked to their commander for permission to attack. He gave the command, and they took to the air leaving only one guard in place. 
The Torwyn twisted quickly back and forth through the forest, flying swiftly yet slow enough for the twenty Herdyn to follow. Even then, one of the Herdyn collided with a tree and fell to the ground. 
Suddenly, when the Herdyn rounded a group of trees, the Torwyn had vanished. The Herdyn looked around in confusion, trying to find any sign of the Torwyn. Then, they heard what sounded like a thousand wingbeats coming towards them. Only, it was a single massive pair of wings. 
Uri came into view shooting flames and burning over half of their number. The Torwyn reappeared and finished off the rest of them. 
*** 
"My lord," said Vorrik, interrupting Carel's meal with Salek and Deryn. "The commander of the sentries needs to speak with you." 
"Can't it wait?" asked Carel. 
"He said it was urgent." 
"Very well. If you will excuse me." 
Carel went out into the hall, where the commander was waiting. 
"What is the problem?" 
"A small group of Torwyn was making a nuisance of themselves, so I sent the guards to chase them off," the commander said. "None of the guards have returned." 
"You could not handle this?" asked Carel. "Never mind. Take fifty more guards and find them. Get rid of those Torwyn." 
"Yes, Your Majesty." 
*** 
The Herdyn took flight in the direction the sentries were last seen. As soon as the Herdyn reached the forest edge, Uri and the Torwyn attacked, giving no room for retreat. The Herdyn stood no chance. 
Only the commander was able to return to Lintor'el. Before returning, he was shocked to see that the Torwyn were forming ranks. 
"They are going to fight?" he whispered, unable to believe it. 
*** 
"Your Majesty," said Vorrik. 
"What?" Carel asked testily. 
"It is the commander of the sentries again." 
"This is the second time he has bothered me. Send him in." 
"My lord," said the commander upon entering. 
"Were my instructions extremely complicated?" Carel asked. 
"No, my lord, but–" 
"Then, why have you returned? I gave you simple orders, and you are still bothering me." 
"You don't understand–" 
"Well, by all means, please enlighten me!" 
"They ambushed us, my lord. A considerable force is–" 
"Not even an hour ago, you said a dozen." 
"They number over two hundred, sir. They destroyed the party you sent out and are now preparing for battle!" 
"The Torwyn want a fight? Even after we crushed them once! We will do so a second time." 
"What are your orders?" 
"Commander, go and inform my brother Kron that a war is about to start. He will gather the necessary forces and stamp them out. Permanently, I hope." 
"There is something else." 
"Anything else you have to say, only my brother needs to hear," said Carel. 
"Yes, my lord." 
"What has happened?" asked Salek. 
"I fear that Lintor'el has become an inhospitable place for visitors," said the Herdyn. "The Torwyn have decided that they want to start a war with us today." 
"Is there anything that we can assist you with?" Deryn asked. 
"No, this attack is just a minor annoyance. However, I think it would be best if you returned to Sidea. You should be on your way for the safety of the shield." 
"We will go," said Salek. "I wish you luck in the fight. Thank you for your kindness during our stay." 
"It was a pleasure to meet both of you. Do not worry for Lintor'el. We greatly outnumber the Torwyn and will quiet this rebellion in no time." 
*** 
"Now, we get to see how well our plan works," said Harik as the lines of Torwyn settled into position. "So far, we have lost none of our men and have taken a bite out of theirs." 
"Do you think we will be able to contain them?" asked Thrayl, looking at the fortress in the distance. 
"We must hold them, or we don't stand a chance." 
The Torwyn had dug a depression in the ground for the humans. It gave Byrelle a safe place from which to fire her bow and allowed Gaerid a position where he could work his magic. Thrayl, Randel, and Jalen's presence offered additional protection. 
Uri was hidden in the forest. Even though the Herdyn had seen the dragon, he would still be a surprise. 
"Well, my boy, are you ready?" Falen asked Jalen. "This will be an interesting day." 
"Can anyone truly be prepared for war?" Jalen asked. 
"I suppose not," said the Torwyn. "It was you who helped me come to this decision." 
"Then, I am responsible for all who will die today."   
"No, Jalen. It is you we will thank when Lintor'el is in our grasp tonight." 
"I hope so." 
"It is too late to be filled with regret," said Falen. "Look, here they come." 
The Herdyn poured from Lintor'el like a black cloud of smoke from a chimney. They formed into a large square in front of the walls and waited. 
Jalen was concerned about how many Herdyn there were. The Torwyn looked insignificant compared to the black forces of the Herdyn army. He did not see any way for the Torwyn to win against so many. 
"Good luck, Jalen," said Uri. 
"You be careful," answered Jalen. 
The full strength of the Herdyn took to the air and soared straight at the center of the Torwyn line. When they had closed half the distance, the Torwyn extended their ranks, forming a long single line. The two forces then flew toward each other at high speed and met in the center with a massive amount of growling and snarling. 
They fought briefly before the center of the Torwyn line retreated. The Herdyn growled in victory and charged forward after them. In an instant, the ends of the Torwyn line came forward and around, surrounding the enemy in the Dragon's Jaw. 
"It's holding!" cried Thrayl as they encircled and trapped the Herdyn. 
Falen took off with Gaerid on his back, and Uri burst out of his hiding place. 
"What happens now?" asked Randel. 
"The Herdyn get crushed," answered Thrayl, pulling a large axe from behind his back. "Get ready to fight. Once it starts, there will be chaos." 
A gap opened in the Torwyn's formation as the dragon approached. 
Uri let loose a thunderous roar that made the Herdyn turn around quickly in surprise. He released a mighty burst of flames directly into the center of the enemy and continued flying forward into the gap to attack them with his claws. 
Falen followed him carrying Gaerid upon his back. The wizard conjured a fireball in each hand and hurled them at the Herdyn. 
The startled Herdyn scattered in a panic for a short time but quickly realized that Uri was the main threat. Fighting began in earnest as the Herdyn threw themselves at the dragon. 
Uri fought them off and circled to attack again. 
Gaerid and Falen returned to where Jalen and the others were waiting. Falen was laughing loudly and enjoying himself. 
"Can you believe that?" Falen asked. "Uri made a huge difference."
"No time for celebration," said Jalen. "Here, they come." 
A group of Herdyn was rushing at them. 
Byrelle used her bow, and Gaerid threw more fire. The others fought off Herdyn, who tried to attack them from behind. Suddenly, a flash of blue light flew out from next to them and struck down a large group of the enemy. They all turned to look at Jalen, who held a silver crossbow. 
"What did that weapon just fire at them?" Byrelle asked. 
"I don't know. I got the idea from you. I just thought about a crossbow, and Skeldaar did the rest. I have no idea how it works." 
"It doesn't matter," she said. "Get up here and help out. We need that weapon." 
Chapter 17 - The Second Shield 
The battle had been going on for several hours, and the Torwyn were barely winning. Both sides had taken heavy losses. 
"It is time we go, Jalen," said Gaerid, tapping him on the shoulder. 
"I'll get Uri." 
"Uri! Help us get to the fortress!" 
"I am on my way," Uri said, flying quickly to them. 
Uri picked up Randel and Thrayl in his claws and carried them to the side of the wall. Falen and another Torwyn gave Jalen and Gaerid a ride. Byrelle stayed behind, firing arrow after arrow from her bow, while other Torwyn remained to protect her. 
"Is everyone ready?" asked Gaerid. 
"Let's get on with it!" said Falen impatiently. 
The wizard held his hand flat in front of the stone wall and concentrated in silence. Soon, the wall's surface began to ripple like disturbed water. A small hole formed in the middle and rapidly grew bigger with a cracking noise. The gap widened until a five-foot-wide portal had been created. Jalen, Randel, Thrayl, and Falen stepped through and then turned back to face Uri and Gaerid. 
"Just tell Uri when you are ready to come back out. We will get you." 
"I will, Gaerid. Be careful." 
"Good luck," Gaerid said, allowing the hole to close. 
"I'll come back as soon as you call, Jalen."
"Right." 
*** 
"Let's go, boys," said Falen, walking quickly toward an entrance to the main building. "We've gotten this far, but they are bound to notice us soon enough. Then, we'll have a fight on our hands." 
Once they had entered Lintor'el, they could see a few Herdyn running through hallways, but most were busy trying to get outside to the battle. 
Jalen was extremely anxious to be so close to gaining possession of a shield. Just being able to find one reassured him that perhaps he could be successful in stopping the Blood God. He returned Skeldaar to its original form and concentrated on locating the shield. 
"There's no need for that, Jalen," said Falen. "I know exactly where we are. There is the library, and the shield will be kept in the throne room. Follow me close. We may have to fight our way through." 
"You still remember your way around this place?" asked Randel. 
"Of course," he said. "It has only been a hundred years since I last walked these halls." 
Falen, trailed by Jalen, guided them through vacant hallways. Thrayl and Randel brought up the rear. They passed through several corridors without incident before a Herdyn saw them and called out an alarm. The Herdyn jumped at them, but Falen blocked and slashed him with his claws. 
Another Herdyn approached from behind, and Randel and Thrayl dealt with him. Two more attacked but were quickly turned aside by the small group. 
"How much farther is it, Falen?" asked Randel impatiently. "If any more than two attack us at once, we will not be able to hold them off." 
"Stop complaining," Falen said. "That was only a small bit of fun. The throne room is around two more corners. We are almost there." 
The small party continued their way. No more Herdyn crossed their path, which helped to relax their nerves. 
Finally, Falen told them to stop. He put his head past a corner and looked for guards at the door of the throne room. 
"There are three of them guarding the door," he said. "One on each side and one in the center. They are quite large and probably well-trained. We'll have to surprise them." 
"What is the plan?" asked Randel, smiling in anticipation. 
"I will take the farthest one since I can cover ground the quickest. You and Thrayl take the other two, and we should have no trouble." 
"What do I do?" Jalen asked. "Am I only supposed to watch?" 
"No, Jalen. I did not forget you. I want you to follow and help if one of us cannot finish them. Watch our backs." 
"I will." 
"We all know our parts," said Thrayl, inspecting his axe's edge. "Let's do it." 
Jalen used his pants leg to wipe the sweat from his hands and gripped Skeldaar tightly. Now in its sword form, the silver blade shone even in the dim light. 
Randel's eyes met Jalen's, and the swordsman nodded his head. 
"Go!" whispered Falen, leaping out to attack the most distant guard. The humans quickly followed and engaged the other two Herdyn. Jalen stood back a few feet, waiting to see if they needed any aid from him. 
The guards put up a strong challenge and snapped their jaws at them. Then, the Herdyn facing Randel jumped up and knocked him onto his back. Randel's sword clattered as it hit the floor and slid away from him. 
"Goodbye, human," the guard said, stepping forward to attack. 
Jalen lashed out at the creature with his sword. 
The Herdyn yelped in pain as half of its leathery wing fell to the ground. It fell back and collided with the door while attempting to escape. 
Randel retrieved his sword and finished it off. The other two guards had already been taken out. 
Randel slapped Jalen on the shoulder. 
"Thanks, Jalen. That was quick thinking." 
"Was anyone hurt?" asked Falen. 
No one had been. 
Jalen moved to the door of the throne room and tried to enter. 
"Locked from the inside," said Jalen turning to look at them. "What now?" 
"Pardon me," said Thrayl, pushing Jalen to the side. 
Thrayl threw one large shoulder into the door. It gave way with a loud snap. He pushed the doors open the rest of the way, and they entered. 
*** 
The Crendillan soldiers gathered just inside the walls of Lintor'el to prepare for the ride to Sidea. When Salek arrived carrying the shield, they quickly took to their saddles and waited for his orders.
Salek explained how they would return home by riding south and edging around the borders of the Centaur lands. Pulling the shield onto his back, he nodded to Vorrik, who quickly opened the gate to allow them to ride out. Once they were clear, the gate slammed shut behind them. 
They rode swiftly for the forest so that the trees would cover their escape. Before they made it far, however, two Torwyn spotted them and flew closer to investigate. 
The lead Torwyn approached Salek and ordered, "Halt! Are you Falen's friends? The ones who came with the dragon?" 
"I'm afraid not," said Salek, throwing a knife. The blade stabbed the Torwyn in the stomach, dropping him to the ground. 
Brycen drew his sword and charged at the second Torwyn. It was faster and pounced on Brycen, pulling him from his saddle. Brycen cried out in pain and called for help, but the rest of the group rode on and disappeared into the forest. 
Brycen's voice fell silent. 
"Salek, you left a man back there," said Deryn. "Are you just going to abandon him to die?" 
"My captain is already dead, and we can be of no help to him now. The safety of the shield is all that matters. We cannot risk losing it by fighting. Now ride!" 
 *** 
"Nobody," cried Jalen in disbelief. "The room is empty. How could the door be locked from inside?" 
"I don't know," said Falen, inspecting the room. "This does not make any sense. Why would they leave the shield unguarded?" 
"Is that the shield?" asked Jalen, pointing to the closed curtains in the alcove. 
"Yes." 
Jalen stepped toward the curtains. He stopped short when he heard a low growling, and the dark shape of a Herdyn lunged at him. Jalen instinctively brought Skeldaar up and impaled the creature on the blade's point. It fell on top of him, pushing all the air out of Jalen's lungs. 
Thrayl shoved the body off Jalen and helped him to stand. 
"Great work, Jalen," said Falen with pride. "That was Carel, King of the Herdyn, you just killed." 
"I was only reacting to his attack. I had no intention of killing him." 
"It is good that you did. I knew Carel too well. He nearly killed me in the first fight for this place. He would not have quit until one of you was dead." 
"All right, Jalen did good work," said Randel. "But, if I remember correctly, there is a war going on outside. Why don't we hurry and get the shield and be on our way?" 
"I agree," said Thrayl. "We need to go out and help." 
"I'll get it," Jalen said. He walked forward, pulled the curtains aside, and then stood to stare in shock at the empty stone hole. 
"Gone." 
"What?" Randel cried. 
"Somebody beat us to the shield." 
"It could be somewhere else in Lintor'el," offered Falen. "We should search through the rest of the fortress." 
Jalen used Skeldaar to focus and only felt one shield, far away. 
"We've lost it. The Child of Blood has two of the shields. The third is far to the south." 
"I am sorry, Jalen," said Falen. "I thought it would be here for you to find." 
"It was here. It is not your fault that it has been taken. We should go." 
"Come and get us, Uri." 
"Did you get the shield?" asked the dragon. 
"No, Gagenor's Chosen got here before us." 
"How long ago was he here?" 
"I'm not sure. He must have left during the attack." 
"I will signal Gaerid that you are ready." 
*** 
Gaerid reopened the hole and let them out of the fortress. He noticed the look on his friends' faces and did not bother to ask about the shield.
Jalen did not speak or look at anyone as he walked by. He had a calm expression on his face, but upon seeing his tightly clenched fists, the truth of his emotions became evident.
Gaerid wanted to say something to help Jalen's feelings but could not think of anything convincing. He hoped Jalen could deal with his rage and not allow it to eat away inside him. 
"How did the battle go in our absence, Gaerid?" Falen asked. 
"Quite well. We are near the end now, finishing off the last of the defenders." 
"Casualties?" 
"Unfortunately, you lost half of your fighting Torwyn," said Gaerid with regret. 
"Heavy losses," Falen sighed. "I knew we would lose a large number, but hearing it gives me a sad heart. We paid dearly to take back our home today." 
"I wonder," said Jalen, "if it was worth it? Everything that we went through." 
"For the most part, yes. I know you are disappointed about the shield, Jalen. Still, you spoke the truth. Today, we righted what was wrong. Lintor'el is ours once again." 
Next time I will keep quiet, Jalen thought, saying nothing aloud. 
Jalen knew that he needed to keep a better attitude because the third shield was not yet in the enemy's hands. But try as he might, he had trouble holding onto any hope. As if that were not enough, he was sickened by the loss of life today. He had ended lives during this battle, something he had never done before. 
In all his readings of legends and histories, Jalen had never heard of a hero being torn apart by guilt. They were always brave in battle and content afterward, knowing they had killed to protect the good and that their enemies had deserved to die.
Jalen knew that he fought on the side that was in the right but could not dispel the horror he felt. The sense of needless death weighed heavily upon him. 
The Torwyn Fleda dropped lightly to the ground in front of Falen. 
"My lord. A small group of Herdyn has offered to surrender to you." 
"Excellent. Where are they?" 
"At the edge of the forest by the east wall of the fortress." 
"Lead us to them." 
*** 
It was a small group of Herdyn that met them. They numbered under one hundred and consisted mostly of females, their young, and several silvery males who were too old to fight. They looked tired and huddled together in fear, unsure of the Torwyn's reaction to them. 
"King Falen," said one of the females, bowing her head to show respect. "My name is Tira, and I speak for this small group. We wish to surrender to you and your people with no conditions." 
"Unconditionally. You realize what you mean by that." 
"Yes, Your Majesty. We are offering ourselves up to your mercy and place ourselves under your rule." 
"Why do you choose to do this?" 
"We had no wish to fight you," Tira explained. "Even in the first battle, we did not want it. The males are the ones responsible for the fighting. We females have no say in decision-making in Herdyn society. It has always been that way." 
"Your kind has been less than pleasant towards my people," Falen said. "Why should we bother to listen to your offer of surrender?" 
"It is true that we wronged you. The only excuse I can give is that it was the males making the choices that harmed the Torwyn. Perhaps we could teach our children not to hate you." 
"Perhaps," he barked. "I want to be certain that you will not attack us again in the future. And I wish to do this without destroying the Herdyn as a people. Will you answer some of my questions?" 
"Of course, Your Highness." 
"Will you teach your children the mistakes of your past to avoid repeating them?" Falen asked. 
"Yes," answered Tira without hesitation. 
"Will you guide your young toward kindness and away from hatred and violence?" 
"We will." 
"Can you promise us that you will never attack us again?" 
"We can." 
"Will you live among us and abide by our laws?" 
"Yes, my lord," she said. "We will do wherever it is that you wish. We will live as your servants–" 
"No!" roared Falen violently. "That is the last thing I want. I have had enough of slavery. That is not at all what I offer to you. You would be living with us as equals, under the same rules that we follow. The surviving Herdyn will become part of Torwyn society. Will you do that?" 
"We would be honored to join your people, Lord Falen." 
"Do the rest of you willingly accept these terms of surrender?" he asked the group of Herdyn behind Tira. 
They agreed quickly with no discussion. 
"Very well," he continued, "please follow Fleda. She will get some food for all of you." 
"Thank you for your kindness," said Tira. "We do not feel we deserve to be treated this well." 
"Remember your promises, and the treatment will continue," said Falen. 
Chapter 18 - A Son Revealed
Jalen, Randel, and Thrayl were resting in their tent after the battle. The swordsman sat on the edge of his cot, cleaning his blade. The young bounty hunter was on the floor, taking off his boots and massaging his sore feet. Jalen was lying on his cot with his arms under his head, silently staring at the cloth overhead. 
Randel eyed him with concern. 
"Jalen, I know you wanted the shield, but can't you even enjoy the fact that we won today?" he asked. 
"You will excuse me if I don't enjoy killing," Jalen answered. 
Randel looked over to Thrayl for help and only received a shrug. He turned back to Jalen. 
"No good person enjoys killing, Jalen. And it was not as if what happened today was murder. For the first time in a while, I knew that I was fighting for the right side. You should not feel guilty for helping the Torwyn win back Lintor'el." 
"What about all the heroes I've read about?" asked Jalen. "Like Robert the Great? Orin Beastslayer? They were good but had no guilt." 
"They were men, Jalen," said Randel. "Most men, if they have any humanity inside, feel bad after killing. It is good that you dislike death. It means you are not a monster. However, you've got to let it go." 
"Another thing you must remember," Thrayl added, "is that the historians who wrote the stories you talk about never saw battle. That is why they glorify and exaggerate the actions of the men about whom they write. If they knew what war was truly like, they would know what it does to the men who fight." 
"We know you are mad about losing the shield," said Randel. "Remember, the prophecy says that you will face the Child of Blood at the third shield. That means, even if he collects all three shields, he will still have to fight you. All is not lost." 
"I thank you both for your kind words, but I don't want to talk about this anymore." 
"Fine," shouted Randel with anger. "There are bad things in every man's life. It is how a man deals with these things that show his true character." 
He sheathed his sword and stood to leave. 
"I am going to see if the Torwyn need help clearing the battlefield. You are welcome to join me if you choose." 
"I'll go along," said Thrayl. He turned to Jalen. "Will you come with us." 
"No. I think I'll go help Gaerid see to the wounded." 
*** 
Jalen followed his two friends out of the tent. Turning away from the battlefield, he headed toward a large tent being used to hold Torwyn injured during the battle. Gaerid was sure to be there using his powers to heal the wounds of the fighters. Jalen had helped Gaerid with the sick many times and knew he could be useful. Before he entered, however, he caught sight of the familiar red shape of his best friend. 
"Jalen, if you want to talk–" began the dragon. 
"Later, Uri," Jalen snapped, then calmed himself. "Wait, I am sorry. Were you harmed at all in the battle?" 
"A few scales are missing, but they will grow back quickly. And my offer still stands."
"I appreciate it, Uri, but I need to help Gaerid with the injured." 
"I understand." 
Jalen pulled the flap of the tent to one side and entered. 
The pavilion was dim and held many beds, each with a candle burning beside it. All the beds were occupied by Torwyn. 
Jalen walked toward Gaerid, trying not to look at the still forms of the dead as they were carried past him. Other humans were moving about helping tend to the Torwyn. 
"Welcome, Jalen," said Gaerid, not looking up from the wing of the groaning Torwyn he was bandaging. "I could use your help. Hold his wing while I wrap it, please." 
"Ouch!" cried the hurt Torwyn. "Do you have to wrap it that tight, Wizard?" 
"If you ever want to use that wing again, it must be that tight," he answered. 
"I don't need that wing to chew on your head!" 
"Then, who will fix your wing?" asked Gaerid. "Quit complaining you overgrown housecat. There. That should hold it." 
"Thank you, Gaerid," said the Torwyn grudgingly. 
"You are welcome. Come along, Jalen. We have many more injuries to work on." 
They walked to each bed, checking on the Torwyn. 
"Are you still upset about the shield?"  
"Yes," Jalen admitted. "I've already talked with Randel and Thrayl. I'm not happy, but being angry won't accomplish anything." 
"Then, I don't have anything else to say. They have already said what I would have." 
"I don't enjoy being a victim of destiny." 
"Don't be a victim," advised the wizard. "At least, you know a confrontation is in your future. Most people don't know what fate has been arranged for them." 
"Gaerid, I am glad to see you," said Falen from across the tent. "Please come here. I think you should talk to this fighter." 
"I'll be right there. Come with me, Jalen." 
They walked over to where Falen was standing next to a bed
"Gaerid, this is Rion," said Falen. 
Gaerid looked down at the recovering Torwyn. "Ah, yes. I believe I healed a wound in your stomach." 
"Yes, and I thank you greatly, sir," answered Rion. 
"Tell him what you saw, son," said Falen. 
"Yes, my lord." 
He took a deep breath and began. 
"I was flying the area just outside the fortress with Evin. We spotted a line of horses leaving Lintor'el to the south at high speed. They numbered about twelve and were all dressed in the black of the Crendillan army. We stopped and questioned them politely because we thought they might be more of your friends helping us." 
"Go on," said Falen. 
"I asked the leader of the group if he was your friend. He said no. Before I could respond, he pulled out his knife and threw it, taking me down. Another soldier went after Evin but did not last long. The group rode on without their fallen man." 
"We have the body, but corpses aren't very informative," Falen explained. "Describe the leader for Gaerid." 
"He was a large man with dark hair cut extremely close. His armor was much fancier than that of the others, and he had a large sword. Oh, and a strange silver shield." 
"Tell me about the shield," said Gaerid, leaning forward with great interest. He glanced over at Jalen, who was waiting for Rion to speak. 
"It was ordinary enough as I remember. Silver and about the length of a human's arm. Carved into it was a bald human head as seen from the side." 
"It was him, Gaerid! He was here and took it away!" 
"Who was here, sir?" asked Rion. 
"Don't worry," said Gaerid. "It is not important. You need your rest, and we have bothered you enough. Thank you for your help." 
"What was that all about, Jalen?" Falen asked. 
"The man that Rion saw might have been the Child of Blood, and he took the second shield with him." 
"By the gods! That means there is a traitor in the Crendillan army." 
"Wait just one moment!" exclaimed Gaerid. "Did anyone keep the blade that struck Rion? I must have that weapon!" 
"Calm down, Gaerid. The dagger is right here. Rion was keeping it as a reminder. Why do you want it?" 
"If I have that blade, I can identify who the Child of Blood is." 
"How can that be done?" asked Jalen anxiously. 
"Magic, Jalen," said the wizard. "The blade can show us his face." 
"Gaerid, will you stop and explain what you mean?" Falen demanded. 
"All right. When you carry an object with you for a long period, you tend to leave traces of yourself on that object. With my magic, I can use those marks to show us our enemy's face. The dagger may have been in the Child of Blood's possession long enough that we can identify him!" 
"How soon can you do it, Gaerid?" asked Jalen. 
"I need a few hours to rest and to prepare some supplies," said Gaerid, slapping Jalen's back. "Get the rest of our small group together. I will find you when I am ready. We may have just gained an advantage." 
*** 
"What is it he's planning to do?" asked Randel impatiently. 
"I don't know, but it will let us know who Gagenor's Chosen is," explained Jalen. 
"Even if we know who it is, how will we find him?" Byrelle asked. 
"Why don't we leave Jalen alone?" asked Thrayl. "He is not the wizard. Let us wait for Gaerid to get here." 
"Thank you, Thrayl." 
Jalen turned when the brush next to him parted, and Uri's head appeared. 
"The secret weapon has joined us," said Jalen. 
"I was impressive, wasn't I?" bragged Uri. 
"Yes. You won the day for the Torwyn." 
"I had no other pressing business, so why not? Why are we waiting for Gaerid?" 
"He says he can do some magic that will let us see who the Child of Blood is."
"Like the trick you do with Skeldaar to see the shields?"
"I am not sure. I cannot wait to find out."
"Alright, alright, here we are," said Gaerid, walking to the center of the small clearing where they waited. 
He dropped a small pile of wood and pointed to it. 
"Uri, would you light that, please?" 
The dragon spat out a small spark, and quickly a steady fire was burning. 
Gaerid spread several powders around and in the fire. He muttered magical chants, and the flames changed colors in response to the wizard's words. When the fire returned to its natural appearance, Gaerid pulled a large dagger out of his robes, held it lightly in his palm, and closed his eyes. 
"Gaerid, what are you–" began Randel. 
"Not another word, Randel," commanded Gaerid in a calm voice without opening his eyes. "You'll break my concentration." 
Before Randel could apologize, the dagger lifted into the air and entered the fire. 
Slowly, almost imperceptibly at first, the blade began to spin like a perfectly balanced top. It gradually picked up speed and spun faster and faster until it seemed to be a solid disc. As the blade rotated faster, they could hear a low buzzing noise. Suddenly, gusts of wind roared in from every direction, instantly putting out the fire, and the buzzing ceased. 
The dagger, gleaming in the moonlight, froze with its blade pointing directly at Randel. Then, it flew at him. The blade tore a hole in Randel's jacket before burying itself in the tree against which he had been leaning. 
Randel was about to yell at Gaerid when another light flashed. A small spot of light appeared on the bark of the tree a foot above the hilt. The light whirled about quickly, burning into the tree's skin. The tree's surface smoked from the intensity of the magical fire. Finally, the tiny light winked out, and the dagger fell harmlessly to the ground. 
When the smoke cleared, a human face was etched in the tree bark. 
"Salek?" said Randel in a surprised voice. 
"Father!" exclaimed Thrayl in horror, then in almost a whisper, "It can't be him." 
There was an extremely long silence while the group took in the new information.
"You knew this, didn't you?" Randel asked Byrelle. "You had to know." 
"Until you told me who that was a picture of, I had no idea Thrayl was royalty. When I met him, he was young and needed a job. I did not ask for any details. Anyway, you are the one who worked at the castle. Why didn't you recognize Thrayl?" 
"I was in the King's Guard, remember," Randel said. "My job was to guard the king. I met Salek a few times, and I knew he had a son, but that was all." 
"Will the two of you stop this!" whispered Jalen furiously. "Have some respect for Thrayl's feelings. He just found out that his father is the Child of Blood, and you two are trying to blame someone for not knowing. Think of what he's going through." 
Thrayl was sitting by himself, trying to figure out what had happened to his life. He knew that his father was not necessarily a good man, but his mind could not grasp the notion that his father was the Chosen of Gagenor. It did not seem possible. He could not accept it as fact, despite what Gaerid's magic showed him. He wanted to say something to his companions but was unable to form any words.
Jalen studied the features of the man. He saw dark hair and equally dark brows. The man's jaw seemed to have been cut from stone. What drew Jalen's attention the most, however, was the man's piercing gaze. His eyes gave off an unsettling feeling that combined anger and indifference. It was the face of a man who held power with great confidence.
Jalen then took note of Gaerid, who had remained silent since the face had been revealed. Gaerid was still looking at the tree that showed Salek's face. His eyes were locked onto the image, and all the blood was drained from his face. He backed away slowly on unsteady legs, tripped over a rock, and fell on his back, still not looking away from the tree. 
Jalen rushed to his side to help. 
"Gaerid, what is it?" asked Jalen, although he already had a faint suspicion of what was wrong. "It is him, isn't it?" 
"Him?" Gaerid asked, finally breaking his gaze away from the face. He looked up at Jalen with frightened eyes. 
"Gaerid, is that the man who killed my parents?" Jalen asked. 
The wizard seemed to come to his senses and composed himself. 
"I am sorry, Jalen, that is him. It is such a shock to see those eyes after so many years." 
"This is even worse for Thrayl," said Jalen. "How can we tell him that his father murdered my parents? It will crush him." 
"No, we must not tell him!"   
"We can't afford to keep any secrets when we've come this far," Jalen said. "He should know." 
"He will think we hate him for this." 
"Then, we must reassure him that we still trust him. My opinion of Thrayl has not changed. Stopping his father is all that concerns me." 
"Jalen, you must listen to me," said Gaerid, grasping Jalen by his arm. "I know what you are thinking, and you must cast those thoughts aside! Revenge cannot be your motivation." 
"Why not?" Jalen asked, pulling away from the wizard. "The man killed my family! I have never known my kin, and it is the fault of the Chosen. I have to kill him for that!" 
"Listen to yourself! Just a few hours ago, you were nearly sick with guilt over the lives lost today. Now, you are thirsting for blood! What good can it bring now? Your parents are dead, Jalen. Nothing can change that. Ending his life will not bring them back." 
"I know you are right, Gaerid. What if I have no choice? What if the only possible way to stop him is to kill him?" 
"I cannot answer that for you. This must be between you and Thrayl. If you feel you must tell him about his father, do it now. Let him suffer twice as much now, instead of hurting him twice." 
"All right, Gaerid," Jalen said, helping the older man to his feet. 
Gaerid walked to where the others were sitting and picked up the dagger carefully. 
"Byrelle, would you accompany me back to Lintor'el?" he asked. "You as well, Randel. I am tired after such a powerful spell." 
"Of course," she answered, looking over at Thrayl with great concern. 
"He will be fine," Gaerid said, taking her hand. "Come with us, Uri." 
"Jalen?" asked the dragon. 
"Go with them, Uri." 
*** 
Jalen waited until they were gone and then sat down next to Thrayl. 
The look of shock was gone from Thrayl's face, and he appeared to be in deep thought. He finally took notice of Jalen and gave him a weak smile. 
"Thrayl," began Jalen. 
"Just because it is his knife does not mean that my father is Gagenor's Chosen," said Thrayl. 
"He had the shield, Thrayl," Jalen reminded him. 
"Maybe he was on a mission from the king. He might have been sent to retrieve the shield to protect it." 
"If that were true, why did he not tell that to the Torwyn who stopped him? He did not explain anything, only threw a knife." 
"He might only be working for the Child of Blood," Thrayl said. 
"That would still put him on Gagenor's side." 
Thrayl looked over at Jalen with eyes darkened by anger. He flexed his fists several times but said and did nothing. He turned and looked out into the forest as if searching for answers. 
"Do you love your father?" Jalen asked cautiously. 
"I tried to. But with my father, it was nearly impossible. My mother died when I was four years old. A good father would have tried to comfort their child. He gave me a toy sword and said, 'Everyone dies, son. It is a part of life.' After that, I was raised by my Aunt Dareila. My father was too busy with his army to be concerned about me. Later, I found the library and spent most of my time there. It was the only place I could find heroes. I respected the great leaders in the histories more than I did my father." 
"That is a sad tale," said Jalen. "What I am going to tell you next will make you feel worse. Still, I think you need to know the entire truth." 
"What truth, Jalen?" Thrayl asked. 
"I am sorry to hurt you, but please listen." 
Jalen related the tale Gaerid had told him about the death of his parents. 
"You must hate me horribly," Thrayl said, wiping a tear from his cheek. 
"I don't hate you, Thrayl. You had nothing to do with what happened in the past. I still trust you the same as I did. Your father is the one to blame." 
"Do you mean to kill him?" asked Thrayl. 
"Only if I cannot stop him some other way. I don't wish to kill anyone." 
"I need to ask you something, Jalen." 
"Of course." 
"If what Gaerid showed us is true and my father is the Child of Blood, then we will meet him at the third shield. Before you attack him, let me speak with him." 
"Absolutely. I am going to try to talk to him also. If he listens to reason, disaster can be turned aside." 
"Do you think he will listen?" Thrayl asked. 
"I wouldn't know. I have never met your father. What do you say?" 
"I might have said yes before today. But it seems I do not know him at all. This all feels like a bad dream." 
"I wish you could wake from it." 
"Thank you, Jalen," said Thrayl, standing and pulling Jalen to his feet. "I thought you would blame me for my father's actions, as most would." 
"You are not your father. You can only hold a man responsible for what he has done. There is no problem with the way you have treated me." 
"So, what happens now?" Thrayl asked. "I suppose our journey will continue quickly." 
"I think you are correct about that. Let us head back to the tents so that we can plan with the others." 
"I have one more favor to ask of you." 
"Yes?" 
"Use your blade for me," Thrayl said, pointing to his father's face burned into the tree. "Cut that thing off the tree." 
Jalen grasped the silver blade tightly and changed it into a sword. With a cut from below and one from above, the face fell. Jalen caught it and handed the piece of wood to his friend who studied it for a short time. Finally, Thrayl tossed his father's wooden image on the embers left by the fire. Once it began to burn, he turned and walked towards the home of the Torwyn with Jalen following. 
*** 
"Where has everyone gone?" Thrayl asked when they had returned. 
They looked about and only saw a few Torwyn walking alone in different directions. One of them was Falen, and Jalen went to speak with him. 
"Why is this place empty?" 
"Everyone has gone to our true home of Lintor'el, which you helped us to win back," Falen explained. 
"Are Gaerid and the others there also?" Jalen asked. 
"It was a long day for all, so I sent them to get some sleep. I am telling you to do the same." 
"But–" 
"I know, Jalen," he said, laughing. "You want to plan the rest of your journey. It can wait until morning. Now, you get some rest as well." 
"Yes, sir." 
"Good," said Falen. "I happen to know of a way to get you to your destination quickly. I will tell you about it tomorrow." 
"Very well." Jalen started to walk away and then turned back. "Where is our tent?" 
"Forget that tent! Tonight, you sleep in a real bed in the comfort of Lintor'el." 
*** 
As Jalen lay in bed unable to sleep, he heard a slight scraping at his window. He sat up quickly in surprise but relaxed when he felt a familiar presence in his mind. He smiled and walked to the window. Opening the glass, he looked down and saw Uri sitting in the courtyard below him. 
"Did I wake you?" asked the dragon. 
"No. I can't sleep." 
"I'm not surprised considering all that happened today. How are you handling this?" 
"I don't know exactly," Jalen said. "I don't have much choice, so what else can I do?" 
"You're right. You seem to be changed by the battle." 
"In what way?" 
"I'm unsure of how to explain," Uri said. "You are more intense and focused on our quest."
"It's what I must do." 
"Are you not upset about Thrayl's father?" Uri asked. 
"I am, but I must get that behind me. It will only get in the way." 
*** 
Many miles away, deep under the palace of King Karras, a single candle burned in the darkness of Traven's laboratory. Books were strewn in disarray. Each one had been thrown aside when it did not offer the needed information. 
After nearly a month of searching, the wizard had almost exhausted his supply of books. The small pile before him was all that remained. If he could not find the necessary spell here in his library, he would be forced to search all the stores of knowledge in Sidea, which could take years. His topic of research would raise suspicions, as well. 
Traven sat hunched over a book that described the powers of the demons that ruled the Plain of the Peaceless Dead. The Plain was where the spirits of people who refused to accept their deaths were placed. His eyes moved quickly down the page, eagerly seeking what he desperately needed to find. 
Traven saw the names of demons that could change the weather, cause nightmares, or alter the flow of rivers. The endless list of nearly unpronounceable names made his eyes burn with the strain. He stopped on the last name on the page. 
Traven read slowly, "Xyrnax, the finder of the lost." 
He shook his head and leaned back, rubbing his red-rimmed eyes. He looked again to make sure he had seen it correctly. 
"I've found it at last!" 
Traven stood up quickly and bumped his head against a candle hanging above the table. Yellow wax spilled onto his sleeve, but he ignored it and danced about his laboratory in triumph. He had finally found what he had been searching for. 
"Salek will be pleased," he said to himself, absently wiping the cooling wax from his robe. 
He sat down again and turned to the page that gave more information about how Xyrnax could be conjured. Traven read items from a list.
"From the full moon. Blood of five men, one each night. Oh, that will be messy! Circles drawn on the floor crossing each other. A virgin and a moonstone." 
He leaned back and scratched the top of his balding head. This spell would be the hardest that he had ever attempted. There was a great deal of power that he would have to draw upon, and his life would be in danger. 
Traven had conjured other demons in the past, but those were minor creatures when compared to the strength of Xyrnax. No wizard had ever held such a being for an extended period. The demon was so powerful that it often destroyed the mind of the one who conjured it. Then, it would slowly devour the life held in the body. 
"I will be forced to wait," Traven muttered. 
It would be more than a week before the next full moon. Only then could the ritual be performed with any hope for success. He marked the page he needed with a thin leather strap. Opening his robe, Traven then placed the book in a hidden pocket under his left arm. 
Satisfied that unwanted eyes would not see his find, Traven went around his room and picked up the books he had thrown aside. Since the delay prevented him from acting, he would keep himself busy by putting his library back in order. 
Chapter 19 - The Centaur Plains 
Jalen woke early the next morning to the smell of breakfast. He dressed quickly, his stomach begging to be fed. 
Following his nose through the busy hallways, he found the kitchen where Byrelle was eating at a small table in one corner. She pointed by his feet to a little door that contained some simple plates. He served himself large portions of everything and sat next to her. 
"What happened to you?" he asked, noticing the bandage wrapped about Byrelle's upper left arm. 
"One of the Herdyn got to me," she said, scratching at the bandage. "While you and the others were in the fortress." 
"Did you kill it?" Jalen asked. 
"No," Byrelle said, smiling. 
"Who then?" 
"It was your dragon. A Herdyn got through to me and bit my arm. I punched it in the head, and it backed off a bit. Then, it jumped at me, but Uri caught it in his jaws. He threw it to the ground and burned it to ashes. As if that were not enough, he sniffed at my arm to check my wound. Uri then flew off and returned with Gaerid, who healed my arm. That red beast saved my life!" 
"I guess you are on his good side. I know that he would fight to the death to protect me, and apparently, that loyalty extends to you, too." 
"He's more loyal than any dog," she said. 
"Yes, but don't tell him that. He hates hearing about dogs." 
"I can imagine." 
They sat in silence for the next few minutes. Byrelle lazily stirred the remains of her breakfast with a fork. Jalen could tell that she wished to speak but did not rush her. It was apparent she was not sure how to begin. 
"I am Thrayl's closest friend," she finally said, "and I don't have the faintest idea of what to say to comfort him." 
"I know."   
"I went into his room last night to check on him," she said. "I do that every night, but he does not know. He thinks he protects me, but I am just as protective. I feel like an older sister who looks after him as he sleeps. I did not have to say anything to him. He just started talking and told me everything about his father. Everything, Jalen, including what happened to your parents. I am sorry." 
Now, it was Jalen's turn to be unsure of what to say. He was not upset that Thrayl had told her. It did not need to be kept a secret. But others knowing did bother him. 
"Do you wish to kill his father?" Byrelle asked with hesitation. 
"Yes," he answered truthfully. "However, I can't let revenge become too much of a distraction. The shields are more important. I promised Thrayl a chance to talk to his father when we face him." 
"It was important that the two of you discussed this. I hope this knowledge about his father does not affect your friendship." 
"I won't let him feel guilty about things he had nothing to do with," Jalen said. "I still trust him completely." 
"Good," Byrelle said, standing up. "We should find the others and make our plans for leaving Lintor'el. I assume we will be moving soon." 
"You're right. Let us go." 
*** 
Jalen and Byrelle walked through many corridors before finding a small room that held their companions and Falen. Gaerid was seated next to Falen, Randel lounged in a chair with his boot up on a table, and Thrayl stood leaning against the wall with arms crossed. A short man who Jalen had never seen before was kneeling in front of Falen. 
Byrelle and Jalen quietly took empty seats as Falen spoke to the human. 
"And, since you have taken the same oath as the surrendering Herdyn, Vorrik, I expect the same behavior." 
"Of course, my lord." 
"Your knowledge of Lintor'el will be of great service to us. You will hold the same position as when the Herdyn held the fortress. I wish to apologize for the lies they misled you with." 
"You do not need to apologize to me, my lord. Thank you, nonetheless," Vorrik said. "It will be an honor to serve you." 
"Good," Falen said. "Now, go find my wife, Mera. She will tell you what needs to be done." 
"Yes, my lord."  
Falen saw that Jalen and Byrelle had arrived. 
"Well, I am glad you finally made it. Did you find your breakfast?" 
"We did," she said. "And it was probably the best I have ever eaten." 
"Give the credit to the cooks. Now, we have details to work out. Correct, Gaerid?" 
"Yes, our journey must continue," said the wizard. "According to what Skeldaar has shown Jalen, the third shield lies far to the South. I think it would be safe to guess that it is somewhere in or around Sidea. We must decide how to get there quickly." 
"I could send my swiftest horses with you," Falen offered. "You could ride around the borders of the Centaur territory and on to Sidea." 
"But Salek left a day ago, and we need to catch up to them," said Randel. "To make up time, why don't we just ride straight through to Sidea?" 
"I am afraid it is not that simple, Randel," explained Gaerid. "The Centaurs do not like horses. They will not allow us to ride through their land." 
Jalen was disappointed. "So, we are forced to ride around them."  
"Not quite. Let me explain. The Centaurs are known to aid those who are on noble quests." 
"We have that covered," said Thrayl. 
Byrelle asked, "Will they just allow us to ride through?" 
"No," said Gaerid, "they dislike horses too strongly. They feel that horses make a mockery of their people and that others assume the Centaurs are little more than horses. They are much greater. If we can convince them of the righteousness of our cause, they might be willing to bear us through their land on their backs. They can run much faster than horses." 
"Are you sure that we can convince them?" asked Randel. 
"I have never met a Centaur, so I cannot say. It is a risk we must take to move faster. At worst, they will refuse us. In that case, we will return to Lintor'el and take horses the long way around. Does anyone dislike this plan or have a better idea?" 
"If it gets us there faster, I'm willing to try," said Randel. 
"When do we leave?" Byrelle asked. 
"Such an eager group," commented Falen. "I want you to relax for the rest of the day. In the morning, several Torwyn will fly you to the Centaurs' borders. If we could spare them, they would take you to Sidea. However, we need them here." 
"You have done more than enough for us," said Jalen. "We can't ask this of you."
Falen laughed.
"Don't argue with me, boy. After what you did for us, it is the least we can do. If not for you, Lintor'el would still be in the grasp of the Herdyn. We will speak your names with pride for many long years." 
"Then, we will accept," said Gaerid. 
"Good. I must go now for I have many things awaiting. Be ready at first light." 
"You just sit where you are, Falen," bellowed Harik, entering the room. "I have already taken care of everything you had to do. Spend more time with your friend while I speak with Thrayl about yesterday's battle. I could use his insights." 
Thrayl smiled for the first time all day. 
"I would be happy to discuss it." 
"But first, while you are all here," said the old Torwyn, "let me say what I must. I need to apologize to the humans, and especially to you, Jalen. I judged you wrongly before you had even spoken a single word. Thank you for helping us win back our home. Please forgive me." 
"I was glad to help, and now I do not doubt that I did the right thing." 
"Good for you, Harik," said Falen. "I thought I was going to have to command you to do that. Come with me, Gaerid. Let us talk about the great days of our past." 
*** 
A few hours later, Jalen and Randel were practicing with swords in a small meadow to the north of Lintor'el. Several young Torwyn watched from a short distance away, not wanting to get too close. All that could be heard was the ringing sound of swords colliding and the breathing of the two men. They swung their blades gently, not trying very hard, but enjoying the exercise. 
"Not bad," Randel said. "You are getting better, but you're never going to be a match for me." 
"Does your arrogance come naturally or through working on it purposefully?" Jalen asked, blocking Randel's sword and returning the attack. 
"Years and years of practice," he said, jumping back to avoid Jalen's swing. "That was good." 
"You should just be glad I'm holding back the sword's power," said Jalen, dropping back into a defensive position. 
"First, you would not learn anything that way," answered Randel. "And second, it would not be as much fun." 
"At least, I would win occasionally." 
They fought for a while longer before Randel spoke. 
"As if it was not bad enough that Thrayl's father is the Child of Blood, he's also the one that killed your parents. Unbelievable." 
"Who told you?" Jalen asked, letting the tip of his sword fall to the dirt. 
"It was Gaerid. Do not look hurt, Jalen, I was the only one left who did not know. Thrayl had to have told Byrelle by now." 
"He did. I spoke with her this morning. I am ok with you knowing. There shouldn't be secrets among us." 
"That is good," agreed Randel. "But doesn't it bother you. Who Thrayl is?" 
"I have already had this conversation several times, and I don't wish to do it again," Jalen said, holding up his sword for more sparring. "Thrayl didn't kill my parents, so I have no cause to blame him." 
Randel stepped forward to continue their practice. 
"I am glad to hear that. I did not think you would react in a rash manner. Most people would be bothered." 
"To be honest, it bothers me greatly," said Jalen. "To know that the only way to stop Gagenor's Chosen might be to kill him. To cause Thrayl to have no parents like me." 
"I see you have thought about this a great deal. I should not have brought the subject up. I am sorry for being rude." 
"Thank you, Randel. We cannot pretend it isn't a difficult situation." 
"We don't need to dwell upon it either," said Randel, who then changed the subject. 
"I will be glad when we continue our journey. I have never met a Centaur before." 
"Neither have I," Jalen said. "I hope they agree to help us. We need to move quickly." 
"I think you will convince them easily, Jalen." 
"How will I convince them?" he asked. "I don't know anything about them." 
"Look at what you did for the Torwyn. You helped them take back Lintor'el. If you can do that, I think you can handle the Centaurs." 
"The Torwyn won their home themselves. I just suggested they should fight." 
"You are too modest, Jalen. You will be called a hero in their histories." 
"I do not want to be called a hero," said Jalen. 
"Who in their right mind would?" Randel asked with a grin. "The hero always dies tragically in the end." 
"Alright, are we going to have a sword fight or just stand here and talk the day away?" asked Jalen. "I prefer practicing against the trees. At least they stay quiet." 
"That sounds like a challenge," Randel said. "Let's see who the real hero is." 
*** 
After the second day of swift riding, Salek halted his group of soldiers. He decided they deserved an early stop after such hard activity. 
While the others went about setting up a makeshift camp and starting a fire, Salek walked into the nearby trees to get a few moments of solitude. He was upset about losing Brycen, not because he liked the man, but because he had been an asset to the army. It also meant one less man loyal to his cause. 
Standing with his back against a large tree, Salek watched the dying rays of the sun as it fell. He looked forward to returning to the castle in Sidea and the comfort of sleeping in a bed. He knew that the day of Gagenor's return was quickly approaching. Then, he would receive all the rewards the god had promised. 
He was cut off in his thoughts by a familiar presence to his left. 
"Greetings, my lord," Salek said, kneeling and bowing his head to the God of Blood.
"You have done well, my Child." Gagenor gestured for Salek to stand up. "There is only one shield remaining to be found. Then, I shall return in full power." 
"I will seek the final shield until no strength remains in my body," Salek vowed to his master. 
"Let us hope that is not required." 
"What could stop us now?" 
"The Child of Light," said Gagenor. "Do not become too confident that we have won. Even when you find the last shield, you will still have to fight Learoden's Chosen. Until the shields have been broken, nothing is certain." 
"I am sorry, my lord. I will try to restrain my enthusiasm in the future." 
"Very well. This is the last time we will speak until my return to the world." 
"Why is that?" asked Salek quickly. "What has happened?" 
"Relax," said Gagenor. "Nothing has happened. It is just that it saps my strength to speak with you. That is why I do not visit more often or for longer times. I must conserve my strength until the day that I return." 
"I understand." 
"I am pleased to hear that. The sooner you find the shield, the more quickly we can speak again." 
"I look forward to that day." 
"I long for that day more than you could imagine," said the god. "Farewell, my Chosen. My return shall be glorious." 
Gagenor's form faded to a shadow and then to nothing. 
A few moments later, Deryn walked up. Smiling, Deryn extended his hand. Salek shook it, absorbing some of his brother's apparent good mood. 
"Our mission was a success, Salek. Karras should be happy when we return with the shield." 
"He will be pleased," Salek said. "We were able to accomplish what he ordered." 
"I am a bit concerned about the Herdyn. When we left, they were under attack. I hope they stopped that rebellion." 
"I would not worry about it. I am sure they could handle the situation." 
"We should not have left." 
"Do not worry, Deryn. When we return to Sidea, we can send a messenger to Lintor'el. Then, we will know for sure." 
"That would be good. Events are changing," Deryn said with confidence. "I have a feeling that pleasant times are coming." 
If you only knew, thought Salek, laughing silently. 
*** 
Byrelle and Thrayl rode on Uri's back as he flew toward the Centaur border. Falen flew next to Uri with three other Torwyn who carried the other humans. 
Byrelle looked down at the landscape gliding past far below. The trees were gradually thinning out, giving way to grasslands with occasional patches of shrubbery. She was amazed at the heights at which they traveled. And, she had never moved with such speed in all her life. 
"If you had told me a month ago that I would be flying on a dragon, I would have said you were drunk or senseless," she yelled. "Look at us now." 
"I'd rather not," Thrayl answered, gripping tightly onto Uri's back. "I just want this ride to end as soon as possible." 
"I cannot believe this frightens you, Thrayl. You should be enjoying this. How many people do you know who have ridden a dragon?" 
"If humans were meant to fly, we would have been born with wings." 
"Why should you be fearful? It is just like riding a giant horse." 
A rumbling growl from Uri let them know he disagreed. 
"I don't think this is the time to be insulting him," Thrayl said. 
"Don't you trust Uri by now?" she asked, patting the dragon's scaly back. 
"Yes, I also trust that I would put quite a hole into the ground if I fell from this high up. You enjoy the ride and let me know when it is over." 
"A big man like you scared of heights," she laughed. 
Thrayl did not comment. 
The Torwyn landed at a command from Falen. Uri followed and touched down gracefully in the long grass. 
The humans climbed to the ground needing to regain their balance after having flown for so long. Thrayl laid down briefly and hugged the earth. 
"This is as far as we can go," said Falen. 
"Where are we?" asked Randel. 
"We are at the border of the Centaur lands, the end of our journey with you." 
"How can you tell? This place looks identical to where we were a mile ago." 
"I know this is the border because I can smell them. My nose is more sensitive than yours." 
"It would have been nice to be able to fly the entire way to Sidea," sighed Byrelle. 
"Unfortunately, that is impossible," Falen said. "We must return home. Besides, we cannot fly higher than their arrows. They would shoot us down for crossing their land without permission." 
"We thank you for even coming this far," Gaerid said. 
"It was good to see you again, Wizard. All of you are welcome to visit Lintor'el any time. It is because of you that we can call it our home. We will never forget what you have done for us." 
"Take care of your people, Falen," said Jalen. 
"I always have," the Torwyn proudly answered. 
The Torwyn took to the air, and the humans watched them until they had disappeared into the distance. 
"There are several hours left before the sun goes down. Let us be on our way," Gaerid urged. 
"How long do you think it will be before the Centaurs find us?" asked Thrayl. 
"Less than a day, I would guess. They will have a hard time missing the five of us and a dragon." 
"What happens when they spot us?" Byrelle asked. 
"I know the Centaurs no better than any of you." 
"We'll just have to be polite," said Randel. "No jokes about horses." 
"Let's hope you heed your advice," added Jalen dryly. 
"You know me better than that, Jalen. I'm always on my best behavior." 
*** 
That evening, the group camped at the base of the only tree in sight. They were not concerned about a fire being spotted because they wanted the Centaurs to find them. They ate their meal slowly, exchanging jokes and stories. Only Jalen kept to himself, not laughing and just speaking to answer the others. 
Uri raised his head quickly to look at the tree behind them. He sniffed the air several times and grunted in satisfaction. Then, he lowered his head and closed his eyes, no longer concerned. 
"What did you smell, Uri?" Jalen asked out loud. 
"It is nothing," said the dragon. "We are being watched, that is all."
"Who is watching us?"
"Do not be worried. It is a young one, and he is only curious."
"Who is there?" Randel asked loudly, looking about for any sign. 
There was no answer, but a child's face appeared from behind the tree. The child smiled and giggled, then fled rapidly. By the light of the fire, they could make out its shape. It had the trunk of a horse. But, instead of a horse's head, there was a human body from the waist up. They had been spied upon by a young Centaur. 
Gaerid smiled. "Well, if they didn't already know we were here, they will certainly know soon enough." 
"They're awfully small," said Randel. "I thought that Centaurs would be much bigger." 
"Randel, you are an idiot," Byrelle said. "That was a young one, just a child." 
"If you say so. What do we do now, Gaerid?" 
"Nothing. We should all try to get some sleep. We will need our rest if we meet the Centaurs tomorrow." 
*** 
They woke late the next morning, had a quick breakfast, and continued their journey. The sky far to the east was a dark blue, and thunder could be heard rumbling in the distance. Above, the sun shone down with warm light between tall clouds. 
Uri flew high, doing many turns and flips. He was clearly enjoying the heat of the sun. The sight of the red dragon in play lightened the heavy hearts of his friends. 
"Why are you in such a good mood"? asked Jalen. 
"I love these travels!" Uri said. "Wide-open spaces make me want to fly."
The dragon completed a loop and then flew straight up into the air. He soared in and out of the clouds a short time before disappearing into them. Uri remained out of sight, flying as close to the sun as he could. 
Back on earth, the humans felt the ground begin to shake as if dozens of horses were approaching at full gallop. 
"They found us," cried Randel, drawing his sword. 
Jalen drew Skeldaar and transformed it into a sword. Byrelle pulled her wooden bow from her back and strung an arrow. Thrayl pulled his axe from his back.
Ten Centaurs rode over the hill in front of them and formed a large circle around them. 
All had hair of differing lengths and colors. The color matched the color of the fur on their lower bodies. A thin strip of hair ran from the base of their necks to where their human half met their horse half. Each wore a leather vest and carried a bow and a quiver of arrows. 
Every Centaur was pointing an arrow at them except for the leader. He had raven-black hair braided into a thick rope that fell down his back to his equally black fur and a short beard with three tiny braids in it. He simply stood with crossed arms. 
"It is widely known that none are allowed in our lands," the leader said, staring at them with dark eyes resting deep in a sharply angular face. "It is too bad we are forced to kill you. You seem like true warriors." 
At this point, Uri dropped from the clouds with a massive roar. He dove toward the ground, flaring his wings at the last moment to land behind Jalen. Raising his head, Uri launched a sheet of fire into the sky. Instinctively, he recognized the leader of the Centaurs and locked eyes with the dark-haired one. 
"Uri, do not attack!" cried Jalen in desperation. 
The dragon held back, spreading his wings and lashing his tail. He shook with rage at the danger he saw facing his friends. 
Now unsure of what to do, the Centaurs looked at their leader. He had not moved or changed his expression in any way. He reacted to Uri's arrival as he would a leaf falling from a tree. 
"Commanding a dragon is impressive, but you cannot order us the same way," he said. "At least, we will die with honor today." 
"Wait," begged Gaerid loudly. Lowering his voice, he whispered, "Lower your weapons." 
"Forget it, Gaerid," declared Randel. "In case you didn't notice, they are going to kill us." 
"Just do as he says," insisted Jalen, lowering his blade. "We don't need to fight them." 
"Why do you delay, wise one?" asked the leader of the Centaurs. 
"We do not wish to battle with you. We must talk." 
"Your words cannot save you," the leader said. 
"It is told that the Centaurs will help those on noble quests." 
"This is true. You claim to be on such a quest?" 
"We do." 
"I dare not kill you then," said the Centaur. "You will surrender your weapons and come with us. The Storyteller will decide if you are to receive our help." 
"Who is the Storyteller?" asked Gaerid. 
"The one who will decide your fate," he answered. "My name is Arik. We will go to the home of my people." 
"My name is Gaerid. This is Jalen, Randel, Byrelle, and Thrayl. The dragon is called Uri. Thank you for sparing us." 
"We will see. Now, you must give us your weapons." 
Arik smiled while examining Byrelle's bow and arrows. "I see one of you uses a proper weapon. Do you have any skill with it?" 
"I rarely miss what I shoot at," she said without bragging. 
"I doubt you could match a Centaur's natural precision," he boasted. 
The other Centaurs took Randel's sword and Thrayl's axe. Arik himself asked for Jalen's blade. 
"You do not understand," said Jalen, holding Skeldaar up and transforming it back into a dagger. "This weapon will harm anyone holding it other than me." 
"A magic blade does not frighten me. I will take my chances. Give it here." 
Jalen shrugged his shoulders and tossed the knife to Arik. 
The Centaur caught it out of the air and immediately cried with pain. A blue glow surrounded his hand, and he threw the weapon to the ground. Arik angrily glared at Jalen and massaged his burned hand.
"Where did you get such a thing?" he asked. 
"It is too long of a tale to tell now, but I have an idea." 
Jalen unstrapped his sheath from his leg. He picked up the dagger, placed it inside, and pulled the flap shut. Then, he wrapped the straps around the sheath until none of the blade's surface was exposed. 
The Centaur accepted it cautiously. 
"That will do," Arik said. "Can I trust you to keep your dragon at bay?" 
"As long as neither myself nor my friends are harmed, he will do nothing. If you hurt us, I do not know how strongly he will react." 
"We will treat you fairly." 
Finally, Arik turned to speak with Gaerid. 
"Now, it is your turn." 
"I have no weapons," said the wizard. 
"You are a weapon, Sorcerer. We must unarm you." 
"How did you know?" Gaerid asked. "I used no magic." 
"I could smell it. We will have to tie your hands until the Storyteller speaks with you. Will you submit?" 
"I accept," he said, holding out his hands to be bound. 
"Will that work?" Randel whispered in Jalen's ear. 
"Probably not," Jalen answered, "but they do not need to know that." 
"We will be traveling all day, stopping only to rest for the night," announced Arik. "We will continue in the morning and arrive to see the Storyteller by midday. Let us be on our way." 
*** 
Arik led the way, followed by the humans. They were surrounded by the other Centaurs. Uri brought up the rear, continually growling his opinion of the situation. 
The Centaurs kept their promise and treated them well. They were not forced to walk any faster than usual, allowed to take rests as needed, and given food and water. Although permitted to talk freely, the group stayed silent for most of the trip. 
"What do you think they will do if this Storyteller does not agree to help us?" Uri asked. 
"I hope they would return us to their borders," said Jalen. 
"You are more optimistic than I am, Jalen. I bet they would kill you."
"Let us not worry about a fight. They will think twice before attacking with you around. I believe the Storyteller will side with us." 
"I am glad you think so positively." 
"Hope is all I have left, so I must hold on to it."
As they traveled across the grassy plains, Jalen took notice of large herds of animals running in the distance. They looked a bit like cattle with shaggy coats of yellow. Long horns grew straight back from their skulls before curving slightly across their backs. He could hear them calling to each other in low humming tones. 
Jalen pointed the animals out to Arik. 
"What are those creatures called?" he asked. 
"The Centaurs have always called them Avarin. That means plains walker in our old tongue." 
"Do you hunt them?" 
"We take them for food and use their coats to make clothing and anything else we need," said the Centaur proudly. "They are everywhere in our lands, and the hunt is great practice for our warriors." 
"How do they taste?" 
"They are good enough if you use many spices. Tell your dragon he can have one of them if he is hungry." 
At once, Uri leaped into the air and flew toward the herd. The Avarin scattered in a panic, running in all directions to escape. He picked one animal at random and pounced on it, lifting it off the ground. After carrying it a small distance away, Uri killed it quickly and settled down to eat. He was not hungry but wished to put on a show to remind the Centaurs of his strength. 
"What an effective hunter," commented one of the Centaurs. 
"You did not even command him to go," Arik said in astonishment. "I thought you control him." 
"He wanted to go. I do not have any way of controlling what he does. He has his own will." 
"It would seem that I underestimated him." 
*** 
After a long day of travel, the group of Centaurs and humans rested around a small fire with Uri sitting behind them. They ate their food quietly, not conversing with each other more than was necessary.
Neither the humans nor the Centaurs were at ease. Both were unsure of the intentions of the other. The humans wanted to know more about the Storyteller, while the Centaurs wished to know what the strangers sought in their quest. None were willing to ask any questions, so no knowledge was exchanged. 
"You may as well come out of there, Rix," called Arik after hearing a rustling in some nearby bushes. "We know you are there." 
"How did you know?" asked Rix, stepping out from behind the small shrubs. 
Rix was the same young Centaur who had spied on the humans the night before. He pushed his shaggy black hair back from his forehead and walked closer to the fire. 
"We have been hunters longer than you have been alive. That is how. You are the one who led us to these humans." 
"What are the two-legs doing in our lands?" 
"Only the Storyteller needs to know that answer. What interests me is how your mother will react when we get back. She warned you not to follow us, and she won't be happy that you disobeyed her." 
"I wasn't going to, but Mij dared me," said the young Centaur as if that cleared him of any guilt. 
"Your little brother is as bad as you are. Your mother will knock this foolishness out of you. Now, come over here and eat something. I don't want your mother angry at me for starving you." 
After he had eaten his fill, Rix approached the humans with curiosity. 
"What are you doing in the Centaur lands, two-legs?" 
"None of your business, four-legs," answered Randel. 
Arik laughed at the rude response. 
"You should have known better. You speak without honor to someone, and they will always answer the same way." 
"I am sorry. I've never seen a two–, I mean, a human before," said Rix. "My brother says that you don't exist, but I knew you did." 
"We are real enough as you can see," said Jalen, amused by this young Centaur's honesty. 
"Leave them alone, Rix. They don't want to talk to you," warned Arik. 
"He is not bothering us, Arik. He can stay." 
"Have it your way." 
"I don't like Arik," whispered Rix. 
"Neither do we, especially the dragon," said Jalen. 
"Not many people like him. He is always grumpy and telling people what to do. What is the dragon's name?" 
"He is called Uri. These are my friends Byrelle, Thrayl, Gaerid, and Randel. My name is Jalen." 
"Why have you come into our land?" Rix asked, looking at each of them with new interest. "No humans ever travel through here." 
"We are asking the Centaurs to aid us in our quest," said Gaerid. 
"What are you looking for?" 
"You are full of questions, aren't you?" 
"You do not answer," said Rix in confusion at the wizard's response. "Instead, you ask questions of me." 
"I am sorry, little one. I was only making a joke. We want to find a shield." 
"What is a shield? I have never heard that word before." 
"A shield is a large flat piece of metal used to protect you from the weapons of others." 
"What a strange thing. Why do you need it? Can't you just make a new one?" 
"The shield is all that remains to protect our world from Gagenor." 
"I don't know that name, but it sounds like an important quest. I guess the Storyteller will know if we should help you." 
"Who is the Storyteller?" Thrayl asked. 
"I don't think he wants me to tell you," said Rix, glancing over at Arik. "But you are good people, so I will. The Storyteller is the wisest of all the Centaurs." 
"How does one become the Storyteller?" asked Randel. "Is it passed from father to son?" 
"That is no good. How is that any way to choose a leader? That way, any fool could become Storyteller." 
"It worked for my father," joked Thrayl. 
"Each Centaur who is chosen becomes Storyteller for life. The Storyteller chooses a wise Centaur to be an apprentice. The apprentice is taught all the stories. When the old Storyteller dies, the apprentice becomes the Storyteller." 
"Enough talk, Rix," called out Arik. "It is time we all get to sleep for our journey in the morning." 
"You will meet the Storyteller tomorrow," said Rix quietly, before galloping over to where Uri lay resting. 
The Centaur laid down and curled up against the dragon. Uri lifted his head to sniff at the small creature next to him and then calmly went to sleep. 
Chapter 20 - Storyteller 
"There is our home," announced Rix. 
From the top of a hill, they could see the entire area of the Centaurs' home. There were hundreds of tents spread across several dirt roads so that no Centaurs were cramped together. The land on all sides was being farmed, with many different crops grown in plenty. The Centaurs milled about and were busy with their daily tasks. 
As the party entered the main street, all the Centaurs stopped what they were doing to stare at the humans. Their faces showed neither fear nor anger, only surprise at the presence of the newcomers. The young peered from behind their mothers. 
A shrill voice cried out in outrage. 
"Rix, where have you been?" demanded a female who ran out to grab the young Centaur's wrist. "I told you not to go with them, but you chose to disobey me. Your brother told me what you did, and I was worried to death! You are in a huge heap of trouble." 
As she dragged Rix away, she continued to yell at him and could be heard even as she moved into the distance. 
At the head of the main road sat a large tent with designs woven onto all sides. A mature–looking Centaur with thinning brown hair and a kind smile came out. As he rushed forward, his smile faded when he caught sight of the humans. 
"What is happening here, Arik?" he asked. "Why are these humans here?" 
"They claim to be on a noble quest, Jak. They wish to ask the Storyteller for the help of our people." 
"The Storyteller will hear them and decide," said Jak. He pointed to Gaerid. "Why are this man's hands tied?" 
"He is a wizard, and we did not want–" 
"Any fool can see that he has magic. Untie him." 
"How was I to know that we could trust him?" 
"Look at him. A true wizard does not ever lie, yet you bound him. I apologize, Wizard. Please be assured that all Centaurs are not so foolish." 
"Thank you, sir," said Gaerid, rubbing his sore wrists. "Do you happen to be the Storyteller we have heard so much about?" 
Jak laughed.
"No, and I would not want to be. My wife, Alena, is the Storyteller you seek. Come with me." 
"What about the rest of us?" asked Randel angrily. Calming himself, he added, "Not to be rude." 
"The rest of you should try to relax," said the Centaur. "You will know your fate soon enough." 
*** 
"Alena, we have a visitor," Jak announced, as he and Gaerid entered the tent. 
"The Giver sent me a dream that a human would arrive today," said a musical voice. 
The Storyteller pulled a curtain aside and stepped forward. She was about the same age as Jak, had long brown hair that hung down her back, and was gray at her temples. Faint lines on her face and bright blue eyes told much of her wisdom. Both arms, including her hands, were covered with thousands of small coin-sized tattoos. 
Noticing Gaerid looking at the marks on her skin, she said, "Each tattoo signifies a different tale taught to me by the last Storyteller. All passed on from the very first Storyteller. Greetings, Wizard." 
"It is an honor to meet you, Storyteller." 
"Please call me Alena."
"My name is Gaerid. My friends and I seek your assistance, Alena." 
"I will hear your tale. Leave us, Jak." 
"Yes, Storyteller," he said, leaving immediately. 
"Now, tell me of your quest." 
As Gaerid began to relate the story around the prophecy, Alena interrupted.
"Please wait. I do not understand. I have never heard of the names Learoden and Gagenor." 
"They are the twin gods, the brothers who created our world," he explained. "Gagenor became envious and wants to destroy what Learoden has created: Man." 
"I see. You speak of the Giver and the Jealous One. You are using the names the humans have for them. Are you truly on a quest sent from the Giver?" 
"As the Giver and Learoden are the same being, we are," said Gaerid. "We seek the third shield." 
"If the Giver has sent you, then the Centaurs must aid you. Please tell me about the journey that brought you and your companions to our lands." 
Gaerid described all the events that led them to their present situation. He told her how Jalen had been given Uri's egg and how they had raised the dragon. Next came their meeting with Randel and the adventure through the Swamps of Rin that brought them to Skeldaar. Then, how they met Thrayl and Byrelle and fought the battle to give Lintor'el back to the Torwyn. 
When Gaerid finished talking, Alena was impressed and convinced. 
"We will carry your company to the human city, Sidea. Trying to save the world is a noble enough quest to earn the aid of my people." 
"Thank you, Alena. I do not know of any way that we can repay you for helping us." 
"I know what you can do." 
She pointed to a bare spot on her forearm. 
"Once you have won, come back and tell me all that happened. I will add your tale to the stories of my people." 
"I would be honored," he said, bowing to her. "Why is it that you treat me with such respect?" 
"It is due to wizards that we exist. The magic-users of the past are the ones who made the first Centaurs. If not for the wizards, we would never have been." 
"I see," said Gaerid. "The Centaurs have always been independent creatures. Now, they have the opportunity to do good for all people. Can we leave in the morning?" 
"Yes, but tonight there is a Storytelling and a great feast. You and your friends will join us to celebrate these events." 
At this point, a massive roar was heard from outside the tent. Gaerid and Alena rushed out to see what was happening. 
Uri had landed in the center of the camp and was immediately surrounded by Centaurs. They were pointing sharp spears at him and herding him away from Jalen. Uri was not attacking.
Alena ran out into the dirt road and commanded them to stop. 
"What is going on here?" she demanded. "Why are you threatening the dragon?" 
"It was going to attack you, Storyteller," said one of the warriors. 
"He would not do that. Uri is traveling with the humans. He would not harm anyone. Why didn't you tell them, Arik?" 
"I tried to explain, Storyteller, but they panicked and would not listen." 
"Leave him be," she said, walking over to the dragon. 
She grasped his snout and lifted it, staring into his eyes. 
"I am sorry, Uri."
"All is fine, Storyteller," Uri said, surprised that she could hear him. "I should have let Jalen warn them before I landed." 
"My people were foolish to attack. Do not be offended by their actions." 
"They are forgiven, Storyteller." 
"You can hear Uri," said Jalen in amazement. 
"As well as you, Jalen. Gaerid told me about the reason for your journey. The Centaurs will help you in your quest and carry you to Sidea." 
"Thank you, Storyteller."  
"My people," announced Alena. "These humans and the dragon are on a very noble quest for the Giver. So, the Centaurs will aid them. We will carry them on our backs so that they can stop the Jealous One. Give them their weapons." 
A cheer rose among the Centaurs who welcomed and congratulated them. 
Alena raised her hands, and the crowd fell silent. 
"There will be a Storytelling tonight to honor our new allies. Treat them like family and make them feel at home." 
"Why do you tell us this, Storyteller?" asked Arik. 
The crowd gasped at his challenge to her. 
"These humans show up in our lands without permission, give us orders, and now we must help them. Why do you believe them?" 
"I, the Storyteller, have heard their tale, and I know the wizard speaks the truth," she said, leveling her gaze on him. "Are you questioning my decision?" 
"I am. You are insulting the Centaurs by treating us as common horses. We do not give rides to humans. There is no honor in that." 
"You speak so much about honor, yet you do not even understand it. You are the one dishonoring our people, Arik. I have made my decision." 
"I will have nothing to do with this. The rest of you can treat yourselves as animals if you wish." 
"You will take part to make up for your rudeness," Alena said, leaving no room for doubt. 
"The Storyteller has spoken, Arik," warned Jak. 
"She does not speak for me," roared Arik. 
"Is it not a great honor to do something that will benefit all living things?" asked Jalen.
Many of the Centaurs were surprised that Jalen had spoken, but most of them nodded in agreement. 
"Do not talk to me about what you cannot possibly know." 
"Don't you understand? We are not here to take anything from you. You can be part of saving this world. If you help us, we will never bother you again." 
"I want nothing to do with you, human," said Arik, walking away through the crowd. 
Many Centaurs shouted at him for speaking against Alena, but he ignored them. 
"Jalen, you just made an enemy." 
"I was only trying to reason with him in his terms."   
"He didn't listen to a single word." 
"You must punish him for this, Alena," Jak said, walking closer to his wife. "He cannot question your command." 
"I will do nothing, Jak. Soon enough, he will realize how stupid he acted and understand that this is the wrong thing to fight. His shame will be punishment enough." 
"I am sorry I angered him, Storyteller," said Jalen. "I should not have spoken to him that way. It was not my place to talk." 
"Do not say that, Jalen. As strange as it seems, I think you might have a better understanding of honor than Arik could think possible." 
Chapter 21 - The Story of Riza 
After the sun had set and all had eaten their fill, the Centaurs gathered around Alena for a story. The youngest Centaurs and the band of humans sat the closest, while the adult Centaurs stood outside of them. All eyes were intent upon the Storyteller, waiting to hear another wondrous tale. 
When everyone was settled, Alena turned to face Jalen. 
"What story would you like to hear, Jalen?" she asked. 
"One that we can all learn something from," he answered. 
"That is true of all the stories I tell. Please pick one." 
She held out both of her arms so that he could inspect her tattoos. He looked over all the tiny designs carefully. On her left shoulder, he saw an orange sun with an evil grinning face. He tapped it with his finger. 
"The story of Riza, an excellent choice," she said. 
She told the tale in a musical voice that captured the attention of all. 
*** 
"Many seasons ago, when the Centaurs were a young people, contests were held each spring to entertain all. At every one of these contests, one Centaur would be judged the strongest, the best shot with a bow, or the fastest of all who participated. 
"For five springs in a row, the fastest was Riza. He could run swiftly, and no other Centaur could ever keep up with him. He ran with ease and great joy because he knew none could match or surpass him. All who saw him run agreed that he was the fastest Centaur who had ever lived. 
"Riza's flaw was that he was arrogant and had too much pride in himself. He always bragged about his speed and looked down upon everyone around him who was slower. Many admired his ability to run like the wind, but very few liked him because of the way he placed himself above all. 
"Most Centaurs know that if you are skilled at something, you may be pleased by it, but you should keep hold of your pride and share your skill by teaching others. Riza did not care about anyone but himself and never helped another. 
"Riza surrounded himself with Centaurs who admired him the most. This group only fed his pride by telling him that he was the fastest. When one is the best, one does not need others to say good things. One remains quiet and allows one's actions to speak. Riza did not live that way. Instead, he became increasingly arrogant about his speed. 
"One day, all the Centaurs were gathered around to hear a story. It was announced that the Storyteller had chosen an apprentice. When the name was spoken, all agreed that it was the right choice - all except Riza, who chose this moment to speak up because he did not agree. 
"'Why shouldn't I be allowed to be the leader of our people?' he asked. 'I am the fastest of all and should get something for that. I say I must be chosen.' 
"When he said this, all the Centaurs were silent. None had ever spoken in this way to the Storyteller. It did not seem possible that he could demand such a thing. 
"The Centaurs waited for the Storyteller to become angry and call for the punishment of Riza. Instead, she only smiled at the pride-filled Centaur. 
"'You are a fool, Riza,' said the Storyteller. 'While you are the swiftest of body, the leader of the Centaurs must be the swiftest of mind. You are not the best choice for this. What you suggest is like using poetry to decide who is the most accurate with a bow.' 
"The conversation ended there. All Riza's supporters left him, as they no longer respected a Centaur who would speak with so much stupidity. Now, Riza felt utterly alone. But he was not.
"The Sun on his throne in the sky had heard what had been said. He decided he would punish this tiny Centaur for his audacity. 
"'Riza,' said the King of the Sky. 'You are not the fastest of all.' 
"'Who speaks?' asked Riza, for he had never heard the Sun and did not know the voice. 
"'Look above you, Centaur. I am the Sun, and I say you are not as fast as you boast.' 
"'Do you claim to be faster?' asked Riza with no fear at all. 
"'I am faster,' declared the Sun. 
"'I challenge you to prove your words.' 
"'I accept,' said the Sun. 'In the morning, we will race from horizon to horizon to see who is faster.' 
"Riza quickly agreed to this, too concerned about his fame to realize how foolish he was. He had watched the Sun cross the sky many times. Although it was a great distance, the Sun did not move fast. He thought that he could outrun anyone or anything, even the Sun. All he could think about was the praise he would be given when he won. 
"Now, you will learn, the Sun thought. You may be faster than all other Centaurs, but there are some things from which none can run.
"The next morning, the race began as soon as the Sun appeared on the horizon. 
"Riza ran swiftly for several hours before growing tired and needing to rest. He stopped to eat, drink, and rest for a short while. He saw that the Sun was far behind him. In his foolishness, Riza fell asleep under a tree. 
"Meanwhile, the Sun continued its race across the sky above him. 
"Riza woke up several hours later. The Sun was now directly overhead and was slightly ahead in the race. Riza cursed himself for his laziness and stood up to pursue the still moving Sun. 
"Riza ran at his swiftest, and finally caught up to and passed his opponent. However, this is when the Sun used his advantage to punish the proud Centaur. 
"The Sun used his powerful light to burn Riza's skin to a bright red. He used his heat to make Riza tired and force him to rest. The Sun also caused him to sweat and become thirsty, making the Centaur stop, again and again, to drink from every river he passed. Riza suffered greatly and slowly began to fall behind. 
"Within a few hours, the Sun was far ahead of him and shining directly in Riza's face. At dusk, the Sun dropped below the horizon, winning the race by a huge distance. 
"With a cry of pain, Riza collapsed in a red-skinned heap. He was burned, thirsty, and too weak to move. He began to weep and knew he was dying but had no water left in him for tears. He was defeated and called out to the Sun, who now hid behind the mountains far away. 
"'O Sun!' cried Riza. 'I am dying. Why have you done this to me?' 
"'I had to teach you a lesson.' 
"'What lesson?' asked Riza. 'That you are faster than I am?' 
"'No, Riza,' the Sun said. 'I am not faster than you are. You are too proud of your speed. I am slower than you are. But I do not eat, drink, or rest, so I can go farther without stopping. I have been making the journey from horizon to horizon since long before you were born and will continue to travel this road long after you die.' 
"'Then, I am the fastest,' said Riza, holding on to his pride. 
"'No, there is much you do not understand. You are still too arrogant. There is one thing that none can run faster than. As quick as you are, death is much swifter and caught you. This is true of all people. You cannot run faster than death.'" 
*** 
Alena's voice fell silent, and the Centaurs whistled their approval. She turned to the humans and smiled.
"What did you learn from this?" she asked. 
"Don't accept a challenge from a talking sun," jested Randel, earning laughter from all the Centaurs. 
Alena laughed. "That was not as profound as I had hoped. But there is still wisdom to what you say." 
"Please don't encourage him," said Byrelle. 
"It was an excellent tale, Storyteller," Gaerid said. 
"Thank you. It is one of my favorite stories, although it is rather short." 
"How long are most of the tales?" asked Jalen. 
"Most of them take about an hour to tell. The longest one takes three days. Perhaps, I will tell you that one eventually. Now we must all sleep. We will take the journey in the morning." 
At these words, the group began to spread apart and go to their homes. 
Jalen, noticing Arik glaring at him, walked over and extended his hand toward the Centaur. 
"Please forgive me for speaking up, Arik," apologized Jalen. "I didn't mean to dishonor you." 
The Centaur did not move or acknowledge Jalen in any way but only stared down at him. 
When Arik refused to answer him, Jalen dropped his hand and walked away. A few seconds later, he was grabbed roughly, lifted into the air, and thrown violently to the ground. He rolled to a stop and looked up. 
Arik was pointing his finger at him. 
"I will not hear you speak of my honor," Arik said. "I challenge you to Ka'raan." 
"No!" Jak exclaimed with anger. "You cannot do this." 
"Very well," answered Jalen. He had become tired of Arik's unexplained hatred. "You want to prove something to me, so I accept your challenge." 
"You will not do this, Arik," said Alena in a commanding voice. "The Ka'raan is a sacred ritual only meant for Centaurs. You cannot change it by challenging a human." 
"You brought change when you let them force us to act like animals." 
"You are dishonoring the Ka'raan by what you do." 
"I am doing this to protect the honor of the Centaurs. He has already accepted." 
"Unfortunately, you are right, Arik," Jak stated. "Nothing can stop the Ka'raan once it has been accepted. But I will challenge you myself if you win." 
"Then, I will defeat you, as well." 
Without any further word, Arik strode off. 
"When does this Ka'raan happen?" asked Jalen. 
"It will occur exactly two days from the time that Arik challenged you," said Alena. 
"What is it?" he asked, upset about being forced to wait. "Some contest of strength?" 
"It is a battle to the death." 
"Perfect," Jalen said, wondering why he had accepted. 
*** 
The next morning, Byrelle was shooting her bow with a small group of Centaurs. A target had been set up a distance away, and she and the Centaurs were taking turns. All her arrows found their mark except for one that struck the tree stump on which the target rested. The Centaurs were surprised and pleased by her skill with their chosen weapon. 
Randel saw the friendly contest and walked over to them. 
"Have you seen Jalen anywhere?" he asked. 
"He was with Gaerid the last I saw him," she said, sending another arrow into the center of the target. "If you want to speak to him, don't bother. I already tried it, and he does not feel like having any conversation." 
"You don't seem to be too worried about him." 
"You're wrong. You have known Jalen longer, but our group is as close as a family. I am frightened for him." 
"Yet here you are, shooting arrows with these Centaurs. You show your concern in a strange way." 
"Practicing this way is the only thing I know that can keep my mind away from his troubles." 
"Does it help?" 
"Not really. I missed the target once. What about you? Do you think he can beat Arik?" 
"Absolutely," Randel said with no hesitation. 
"Even though the Centaur is bigger and stronger? He won't have his magic sword with him this time." 
"Jalen will win." 
"What do you know that I don't, Randel?" 
"Remember what that bit of prophecy said, 'they will meet at the third.' To me, that means Jalen has to be alive when we find the third shield." 
"In a way, that makes perfect sense. But you can't tell him that." 
"That is what I cannot decide, Byrelle. It almost seems like cheating to tell him. Too much confidence might be deadly." 
"Then, come shoot with us. It will clear your mind." 
"No," he said, holding his hand up. "A blade is the only weapon I have ever held." 
"You never even fired a bow as a child? I can't believe that." 
"My father gave me this sword when I was twelve. I have used nothing since that time." 
"It is never too late to learn a new trick." Byrelle tossed her bow to him. "Let's see what you can do." 
He caught the bow gently and looked at it nervously. A Centaur on one side handed him an arrow and smiled as if she could imagine how badly he would shoot. 
Randel put the shaft of the arrow against the bow on the wrong side. He closed one eye, took aim, and pulled back on the bowstring. When he released the string, it slapped painfully against his forearm. 
The arrow soared upward and came down far away, bouncing harmlessly off Uri's thick scales. The dragon looked over at him in surprise. The Centaurs roared with laughter, and Byrelle had to cover her mouth to hide her smile. 
"I tried to warn you," he said. 
"Wait a moment. I can make this work. Turn the bow over and put the arrow on the other side." 
"This is a waste of time." 
"Be quiet and let me show you." 
She stepped behind him and reached around to position his arms. 
"Straighten that arm, or you'll get stung again. There. Now, look at the target. Ignore your arms, hands, and the bow. Just make your eye lock on to what you want to hit. When you are ready, let the arrow go." 
"Would you mind giving me some room?" 
Byrelle smiled. "Sorry. Was I distracting you?" 
Randel grinned at her the way he always did. Then, he aimed and let loose. His shot struck the top of the target.
The Centaurs cheered loudly, and Randel bowed deeply to them. Byrelle nodded, crossed her arms, and looked at him with a smirk. 
"Either I am the best teacher in the world, or you lied to me."  
"It was a little of both," Randel said. 
*** 
"Gaerid, why does this keep happening to me?" asked Jalen with a sigh. 
"I assume you mean the Ka'raan you will take part in tomorrow night," said the wizard. 
"Of course. I have nothing against Arik, but he wants to kill me. I should not have let him get to me. And I especially should not have accepted." 
"It is pointless to worry about it, Jalen. Arik seems to be obsessed with his notion of honor and sees you as a threat. It is not your fault." 
"I know, but there is more to it than that. Why do I keep putting myself in these dangerous situations? I'm going to get myself killed." 
"It may be because you are the Child of Light. While that seems to attract a great deal of danger, I think it only accounts for half of the problem." 
"What is the other half?" 
"The rashness of youth. When we are young, we seem to have a great deal of passion for everything that involves us. You must learn to think with your mind as well as your heart. That takes maturity." 
"How can I hope to defeat a Centaur in combat?" 
"I do not know, Jalen." 
Jak appeared at the door of the tent and peered inside. 
"I am not interrupting anything, am I? I need to ask you a critical question, Jalen." 
"Please come in, Jak. What do you need to know?" 
"Ka'raan is one of the oldest and greatest ways of settling a dispute between our people. It is surrounded by tradition." 
"I understand that." 
"Good," said the Centaur. "When one accepts the challenge of Ka'raan, that person is given the choice of the weapons to be used in battle. Which weapon would you want?" 
Jalen thought for a moment, but immediately knew what he should use. He looked at Gaerid, who nodded his head as if he knew what Jalen was thinking. 
"We will fight using quarterstaffs." 
"Very well," Jak said, appearing to be confused. "Now, I must ask one more question." 
"Yes?" 
"What is a quarterstaff? I have never heard that word before." 
"It is a rounded length of wood," Gaerid jumped in to explain. "Much like a spear but without the point. About as long as I am tall and about three fingers thick." 
"We have nothing like that, but we can make it quickly. We will use the same tree to be sure both weapons are of equal strength. Are you sure of this decision?" 
Jalen smiled. "Absolutely. I have no doubts about this choice." 
"I am glad and wish you luck," said Jak. "Be careful of Arik. I am not sure that he will fight you honestly. He wants to kill you very badly." 
Jalen was surprised by the Centaur's bluntness. 
"I know, and I thank you for the advice. Can I ask why you challenged Arik to Ka'raan if he wins against me?" 
"I challenged him because he has insulted our great tradition of Ka'raan. He should not have challenged you." 
"Is it because I am not a Centaur?" Jalen asked quietly. 
"No, my friend, that has nothing to do with it. You cannot help how you were born. He brought you into Ka'raan for no reason, only his anger. I will fight him to restore honor to the ceremony." 
"Only if I lose." 
"Very true. Goodnight." 
"I hope that Learoden looks out for me during the fight," Jalen said after the Centaur had left. 
"He had better," said Gaerid. "If you lose, nobody will be here to stop Gagenor." 
"More pressure is not what I needed." 
*** 
The following morning, Uri was playing with Rix and Mij. The dragon would lay down on the ground and hold perfectly still. The two young Centaurs would then sneak up to him and grab his tail, causing Uri to stand and jump at them. He would growl playfully and blow harmless steam at them until they ran away, laughing with enjoyment. The exchange had been repeating for an hour and showed no signs of stopping. 
Thrayl and Byrelle were watching from a grassy area away from the tents. They were discussing what was on everyone's mind. 
"You don't think he has a chance, do you?" asked Thrayl. "You have seen Arik." 
"I think he has a chance," answered Byrelle pointedly. 
"Yes, a chance of being killed by a large and angry Centaur. I wouldn't even want to tangle with him."
Byrelle looked up to see Uri flying overhead. Uri was carrying the two little Centaurs in his claws, while they flapped their arms like wings and screamed with excitement. 
"You have seen Jalen do some amazing things," she said.
"That is true, I have. Jalen single-handedly killed a Herdyn inside Lintor'el. Stabbed him right through the heart with a sword." 
"If he can do that, don't you think he can beat a Centaur?" 
"Not without a magic weapon. I do not think so." 
"Listen to yourself, Thrayl. You do not even sound like you support him. Do you want him to lose this contest?" 
"I am sorry, Byrelle. I want to be honest. Jalen is my friend, but the advantage in a fight goes to Arik. That doesn't mean I'm happy about it." 
"Fine, but don't let Jalen hear you speaking this way. I am sure he is worried enough on his own. He does not need to know that one of his good friends is convinced that he will lose. He needs us to be behind him right now." 
"You're right," he admitted quietly, realizing how negative his thoughts were. 
Randel saw the Centaurs playing with Uri back on the ground and decided to join in on the fun. He ran past the two youngsters, slapped them lightly on their flanks, and continued away. They shouted in surprise and chased after him, running in circles. Uri put his tail in the way and sent Randel sprawling on the ground. He remained still, letting the Centaurs get close, and then jumped up and chased after them. They ran behind the dragon for protection and yelled childish insults at the human. 
"Randel is convinced that Jalen will be the winner," said Byrelle. 
"Did he say why?" Thrayl asked. 
"He told me it was because Jalen is the Child of Light. He thinks that the prophecy will keep the boy alive." 
"It is a pleasant thought. However, I would not turn to Randel as the basis for my opinion." 
"Why?" 
"Well," he counted on his fingers. "He is rash, arrogant, and immature for one. Second, he does not stop to think before drawing his sword or saying something inappropriate to the situation. Third, Randel is a fighter, not a scholar." 
"And you are a more reliable source?" Byrelle asked with raised eyebrows. 
"You are the one who said it, not me," he observed with a smile. "More reliable than an outlaw like Randel, at least." 
"He is not so bad as that," she said, laughing at Randel's antics performed for the Centaurs. 
Randel had grasped Uri's snout with both hands and pretended to force open the dragon's mouth with a show of strength. As Mij and his brother looked on in amazement, Randel put his head inside Uri's mouth. He then backed away and bowed to the well-entertained Centaurs. 
"Oh no," groaned Thrayl. 
"What is it?" Byrelle asked, looking at him. 
He shook his head. 
"I knew this would happen."  
"What are you talking about, Thrayl?" 
"You like him, don't you?" 
"I respect him as a swordsman. He is a strong addition to our group." 
"That is not what I meant. Stop faking, Byrelle, you are falling for him." 
"You imagine things, Thrayl." 
"By the gods, it is worse than I thought. You cannot even admit your feelings for him." 
"This isn't funny. Be quiet." 
*** 
In the late afternoon, Salek and his team of soldiers rode through the gates of the Royal Palace in Sidea. The men and their horses were covered with dust and smelled of the journey. 
The ride to their home from Lintor'el had been a difficult one. Besides Brycen, they also lost a man whose horse had stepped into a hole while at full gallop. The man was thrown to the ground and broke his neck. 
Salek sent his men to get cleaned up and take some time to relax. He envied them because he knew it would be a while before he would be able to bathe. 
"Welcome home, brothers," exclaimed Karras as soon as Salek and Deryn stepped into the castle. 
Dareila accompanied Karras and was pleased to see them both alive. 
"Almost a complete family reunion," commented Salek. "Where is Traven?" 
"In his laboratory as always," scolded Dareila. "I do not think he sleeps anymore." 
"I am not surprised," he said. 
"How was the journey, Salek?" Karras asked. "Was it a success?" 
"Everything mostly went as planned. We formed an alliance with the Herdyn and brought back the shield. Unfortunately, we lost Brycen and one other man." 
"Two dead, it is a shame. How did it happen?" 
"I need to get this shield into Traven's protection as quickly as possible. Deryn, why don't you go with them and tell them?" 
Salek watched as the trio walked down the hallway, then he took a different path. He made his way past statues and tapestries until he came to the door that led to Traven's laboratory. He quickly took the stairs downward and pounded on the door. 
A small metal door opened, and a pair of eyes peeked out. Salek held the shield up so it could be seen and heard a snap as the door was unlocked. 
"I am glad to see you at last," said Traven, taking the shield from him. "I was beginning to worry." 
"You should know better. We have two of the shields now. Did you find the spell you needed so that we can find the third shield?" 
"Yes, I found the spell. But we must wait a few more days. If you had not brought the shield now, we would have been forced to wait another month." 
"You've done spells before. Why do we have to wait this time?" 
"I have to conjure and contain a powerful demon. I have never attempted anything involving a being this powerful," said the wizard. "This ritual requires significantly more magic than most spells I work every day."
"What do you need for this spell?" Salek asked. "When can you begin?" 
"I have already begun preparing. It requires the blood of five men, one sacrificed each night beginning with the full moon, and a virgin girl." 
"Do you already have all the victims?" Salek asked. "What else is left?" 
"I have everything I need in hand. Three of the men have been used, and I will take the fourth tonight. In two days, you shall have your shield." 
"That is excellent news, Traven. What will happen on that last night?" 
"It is simple, Salek. The blood will be used to paint a design upon the floor: three large circles that cross each other so that a small section is formed in the center. Inside the circles will be the first and second shields and yourself, one in each circle." 
"I don't want any part of this," said Salek. "Your magic is your problem. Do not involve me." 
"You are the one who seeks the third shield. That means you have to stand in the circle." 
"You seek the shield as well. Why don't you stand in the circle?" 
"You do not understand, Salek. I am the only one holding the demon back from killing both of us. I cannot be just a part of it. I must control the whole situation. You must take that circle." 
"Very well. Go on." 
"Everything will be in place," said Traven. "The girl will be in the center where the three circles cross. Then, I will say some words, and the creature will come, speaking through the girl. It will tell us how to find the shield." 
"It almost sounds too easy."  
"It will not be simple at all, and I do not want you to forget that. I am not calling up a minor spirit to push someone down a staircase. This is Xyrnax. If I lose control at any time, we will both be destroyed." 
"Gagenor shall repay us for risking such danger to help him return. It will be a great moment when our master recreates the world." 
"All of our present trials will be greatly rewarded," agreed Traven. "And we will no longer be forced to deal with our useless family." 
"If Karras even suspected, the mere idea would be enough to kill him," Salek said. 
"If Karras had even the slightest notion of what we have been doing, he would hang us immediately for treason against the throne." 
Chapter 22 - Ka'raan 
"Uri, I want to tell you something. If I do not make it through this–" 
"Jalen, don't bother," said the dragon. 
"I need to say it. I do not want to die without telling you."
"You do not need to say anything. It would only cause an awkward teary scene for you. Besides, I already know everything you could say. I don't think you realize how close we are bonded." 
"I knew it the moment I held your egg."
"It is stronger than any other relationship that exists for dragons, aside from the mate I may find in the future. It is as if we shared a mother in common. You will feel my death no matter where you are and know I am gone."
"The bond works both ways. You will feel my death, as well."
"Yes, and that is why I will not be at your fight with Arik. I will be close enough to hear your thoughts, but I refuse to watch."
"I understand, Uri." He put his hand on Uri's wing. "I need you to promise me something."
"What?" 
"You will probably wish to break this, but I must ask. If Arik kills me, do not kill him." 
"I cannot promise you that, Jalen." 
Uri paused when he heard the signal drums. 
"It is time. Let us make an impressive entrance." 
Uri lowered his massive neck, allowing Jalen to climb up and sit between his wings. He immediately took to the air with a few strong beats of his wings and flew the small distance to a big circle that was outlined by countless torches. 
Arik and Alena stood in the center, while all the Centaurs and Jalen's companions stood outside. Uri landed near the center, and the young man stepped from his back. Jalen turned and gave Uri's nose an affectionate slap. The dragon flew off and disappeared. 
"Luck to you, Warrior, in the eyes of Ka'raan," said Alena, handing Jalen a quarterstaff. 
She turned and repeated the words to Arik. He took the weapon from her, but his hate-filled eyes remained on Jalen. 
"The Ka'raan begins, and one fighter will die. The more righteous of the two will survive through the wisdom of Ka'raan. Let it begin." 
Alena walked out of the circle, leaving the human and the Centaur facing each other with their weapons. 
Jalen was suddenly aware of how quiet everything seemed. All he could hear was the crackling of the torches and his blood pounding in his ears. He turned to look at his friends and saw the grim expressions on their faces. Then, he heard hooves and realized that Arik was charging at him. 
Jalen ducked below the swing aimed at his head and rolled to one side to avoid being trampled. 
"Pay attention, human. You do not want to sleep through the battle." 
"I am wide awake," said Jalen, running to attack. 
The Centaur met Jalen's weapon with his own, and the fighting began. The wooden staffs met with loud cracks. The only other sounds were the grunts of the combatants. 
Arik handled the quarterstaff instinctively as if he had used it his entire life. After several minutes, neither had scored a serious hit. Most attacks had somehow been blocked. 
The Centaur backed off from the exchange and considered a different approach. Arik charged forward with the staff pointing outward like a knight with a lance. 
Jalen did not stand still and easily moved aside while knocking the staff away from his body. 
The Centaur tried this several more times, but none of his attempts were successful. 
Then, he ran toward Jalen once more, faked a swing to one side, and instead brought his staff about. This attack caught Jalen in the ribs, cracking several. 
Jalen did not hesitate after being hit and struck Arik's face. Blood poured from Arik's broken nose.
"You are the first one to draw blood, but it takes more," Arik said. 
Grinning horribly, he smeared his blood with one hand so that his face was covered. 
"Now, you see the mask of death." 
"Only cowards bother hiding behind masks," Jalen said. "Let us continue." 
The Ka'raan went on for another half-hour, and both fighters took damage. Arik had three broken fingers, and his right ear was now as bloody as his nose. Jalen's arm had an ugly bruise, and a blow to the stomach had forced the air out of him.
Even with all Gaerid's lessons, Jalen knew he was overmatched. He was in a great deal of pain, and his broken ribs ached more with each labored breath. He tried to ignore the pain as much as he could. His primary motivation was survival. Putting aside all thoughts of his friends, the shield, and his journey, he focused on finding a way to defeat Arik without killing him. 
The Centaur rushed forward once again. Arik raised his staff as if in preparation for a strike, but he never swung. 
Jalen turned his weapon to counter the feigned attack, became overbalanced, and fell.
Arik quickly brought the quarterstaff down on Jalen's lower back. 
Jalen cried out in pain and fought to sit up despite the agony his body was feeling. 
Arik turned and aimed a kick with his hind legs, the hooves striking Jalen in the shoulder with a loud snap of bone. 
The crowd gasped as he was thrown back, falling, and then sliding across the grass. He did not move. 
"Now do you see?" yelled Arik, pointing to Jalen in triumph and then turning to face the Storyteller. "The Ka'raan has spoken the truth to us. We should not help these humans!" 
As Arik spoke, Jalen slowly struggled to stand. He was in unendurable pain and leaned heavily upon the quarterstaff that he still miraculously held. His right shoulder burned as the bones grated against each other, and his arm was numb and hung uselessly at his side. 
Jalen stood still and rested while the Centaur boasted of victory. He did not feel the need to inform Arik of his mistake just yet. 
"The human is dead. The honor of the Centaurs has been preserved," Arik continued. "The Giver has decided." 
"Nothing has been decided!" Jalen said, enjoying the look of surprise on the Centaur's face. "It is not over if I still live." 
"You will not live long!" Arik roared, racing toward Jalen.
Jalen did not move and waited as Arik approached. He was about to be crushed beneath thundering hooves when he jumped aside at the last possible moment, lashed out with all his remaining strength at Arik's legs.
Arik fell to the ground violently and ended up lying on his side, his left front leg broken. 
Jalen limped over to him. 
"Finish it now," Arik cried in pain. "My leg is broken. I will never fight again. Kill me so that I may die with honor." 
"I will not," said Jalen, throwing his quarterstaff to the ground. "There would be no honor in your death. The wizard can repair your leg with his magic." 
"Where is the honor in that?" he asked, spitting at Jalen's feet. "You must finish this Ka'raan!" 
"Why should you die for this? Once your people have helped us, as they agreed to, we will leave your lands and never return to bother you." 
"You expect me to live with the shame of being beaten by a human. It would be a mercy for you to kill me." 
"Leave me behind and go on with your future, Arik. I won't take your life." 
"Then, I must do it myself," Arik said, pulling a knife from his vest and placing it against his neck. 
Jalen quickly reached down with his good arm to prevent this senseless act. 
Arik punched Jalen's wounded shoulder, causing the young man to fall back. 
Not giving Jalen another chance to stop him, Arik cut his own throat, staining the grass beneath him a bright red as his body grew still. 
Jalen fell to his knees with tears in his eyes. 
"Why did this have to happen?" he asked the Storyteller. 
"Arik never understood that there is more to life than honor," said Alena. "You have won. We will take you and your friends to Sidea in the morning." 
"Thank you," Jalen managed to say before fainting. 
***
Jalen woke beneath heavy blankets soaked with sweat. He kicked the covers off to cool down and tried to sit up. His broken ribs sent spears of pain down his side, and he fell back. Suddenly, he remembered the fight with Arik. Looking around, Jalen realized he was alone in the Storyteller's tent. Fighting pain, he fell back into sleep once more. 
Jalen woke a few hours later when he felt a hand on his shoulder and heard Gaerid's cheerful voice. 
"Hello, Jalen. It is good to have you back with us." 
"Gaerid," he said, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. "Why haven't you healed me yet? My ribs still hurt." 
"I wanted to wait for your fever to pass. I repaired your shoulder and back earlier. Those could not wait. Now, I will take care of the rest." 
"Please, go ahead." 
Jalen flinched when Gaerid's hands touched his tender ribs. He felt a warmth surrounding his wound, and then the pain faded away to a slight itch. When the magic was finished, Jalen immediately had more strength and stood with the wizard's help. Then, he fell back a step. 
Gaerid lowered him back to the ground. 
"Perhaps you don't need to stand just yet." 
"So, he does live," said Jak from the door of the tent. "I did not expect to see you breathing after what Arik did to you." 
Jalen yawned. "Neither did I. Apparently, Gaerid can raise the dead. How soon can we leave?" 
"Don't even think about that. You need to rest. You can't go anywhere in your condition." 
"There is not enough time," urged Jalen, rubbing a sore spot on his arm. "We have to go as soon as possible." 
"Are you sure this is wise, Gaerid?" said Jak. 
"I know he looks terrible now, but he will be as good as new in a few hours. Magic is wonderful for restoring one's strength." 
"If you say so," Jak said doubtfully. "We will prepare to leave once the sun comes up. Until then, Jalen can sleep a bit longer." 
"I don't–" Jalen protested. 
"That would be a prudent thing," agreed Gaerid. 
"It does me no good to argue." 
*** 
A few hours later, Jalen walked outside. Surrounded by his concerned friends, he assured them that he was fine and told them to get ready. Rix and Mij shook his hand to congratulate him for his victory in Ka'raan. 
Jalen then had a silent conversation with Uri, hugging the dragon around the neck. Finally, he faced Alena and thanked her again for agreeing to aid them. 
"I am pleased to see you on your feet again," said the Storyteller. "You fought bravely." 
"It was a waste of Arik's life."  
"He spoke so often of honor but died without it. You fought honorably enough to make any Centaur proud." 
"Thank you." 
Jalen rubbed his sore arm under his sleeve. 
"Gaerid, I thought you healed me. What is wrong with my arm?" 
"That was my idea," said Alena, pulling up his sleeve to reveal the tattoo on his arm. 
It was the same grinning sun that was on the Storyteller's shoulder. 
"You had a challenge like Riza, but you beat the Sun. That mark is your reward for victory in the Ka'raan." 
"Thank you. It will help me to remember your kindness." 
"I will add your tale to those of my people. After winning Ka'raan, it will make an excellent story." 
*** 
A few hours after dawn, they began their trip to Sidea. Thrayl and Gaerid rode on Uri's back while Jalen, Byrelle, and Randel traveled on the backs of three Centaurs. Alena and Jak went along to see the humans safely to their destination. 
Their journey was swift since the Centaurs run faster than any horse ever could. Jalen marveled at their speed and was glad that Learoden had created them to be such excellent runners. They were halfway to Sidea when they camped early that night. 
*** 
Jalen had felt weak and tired for most of the first day but woke the second morning feeling normal. He was thankful that Gaerid was such a skilled healer, and his friends were in wonder at his rapid recovery. 
Jalen used Skeldaar occasionally to make sure they were getting closer to the shield. They arrived in Sidea at sunset, stopping a mile from the walls of the Royal Palace. 
"The shield is inside," said Jalen, turning to speak to the Centaurs. "This is as far as you need to take us. We can manage the rest of the way. I don't think we can ever thank you enough for helping us." 
"There is no need for thanks, and you owe us nothing," said Alena. "It is enough to know that we have done our duty to the Giver by helping you." 
"We will speak of your Ka'raan for many seasons," added Jak. 
"Please do not exaggerate my winning. Just speak the truth of what happened."  
"We must go back now and look after our people," said the Storyteller. "The Giver will see to it that you are successful." 
After the Centaurs disappeared over the hills, Gaerid and the rest continued walking toward the palace gates. Jalen looked up at the Royal Palace and was impressed by its sheer size. 
The palace was ideally situated and easily defended. A colossal mountain sat on the edge of the sea. The castle seemed to grow directly out of its rock. The front and side walls were tall, smooth, and rounded at the top to prevent any hook from finding purchase. Small entry gates were open but guarded by a dozen armed men. 
They would need to create a distraction to get themselves inside without a fight. 
"Uri is too large to come inside with us," advised Byrelle. "Why don't we let him be a diversion? He can fly around and make a great deal of noise. When the soldiers run out to face him, we can sneak in behind them." 
"That would do the trick," said Thrayl. 
"What do you think, Uri?" asked Jalen. 
"I will do it. But you know I would prefer to go with you." 
"I know, Uri. I feel the same way, but there is nothing we can do. Please do not worry. I will win." 
"I hope you are right."
"Be careful, and don't kill anyone." 
"I'll frighten them just a little. Good luck, Jalen." 
With that, the dragon took off into the air, unleashed a tremendous roar, and blasted fire into the sky. 
The guards reacted quickly and raised the alarm before leaving the gate. Soon, other soldiers came rushing from inside the castle to help fight the dragon. Before long, the entrance was clear, and the small group of five walked in unnoticed. 
"That was a perfect distraction," said Randel. 
"Jalen, you should lead us," Gaerid directed. "You can use Skeldaar to find the shield. Thrayl and Randel, please help out since you two know your way through the castle." 
Randel gave the wizard a mock salute. "Yes sir, Commander, sir." 
Chapter 23 - Xyrnax 
"Traven wishes to speak with you, my lord," said the servant at Salek's door. 
Salek thanked the young man and rushed to Traven's laboratory. He had been waiting all day for this moment to arrive. Knowing that he would soon have the third shield in his hands made Salek walk even faster. He descended the stairs rapidly and opened the heavy door, giving his greetings. 
Traven waved his arms about in a panic and ordered him to stop. 
"Don't take another step!" cried the wizard. "If you ruin the ritual now, we will be forced to wait another month." 
"When do we start?" asked Salek, looking down at the pattern his brother was painting onto the floor. 
"As soon as I finish with this," Traven said, putting the final touches on the symbols. 
Traven had cleared his laboratory's main room to make the entire floor available. Using the blood from the five male victims, he painted a design on the floor just as he had described it to Salek. There were three intersecting circles surrounded by a ring of magical symbols. The two shields were already in place in two of the rings. 
When he was finished, Traven let out a sigh of relief and stood up. 
"Could you lift the girl into the center, Salek?" 
He pointed to a black-haired girl of twelve years sitting in the corner of the room. Her face was expressionless, and her green eyes were vacant and staring straight forward. 
"Be careful of the blood." 
Salek lifted the girl with ease and placed her in the middle, where all three circles intersected each other. 
"What did you do to her? You've destroyed her mind." 
"No, nothing like that," Travern said with a short laugh. "Her mind is still in there, but it is pushed away into a corner where she cannot find it. She will give us no trouble. Now, take your place in the circle." 
Once Salek was in place, Travern handed him a small white stone. 
"Hold on to this and give it to Xyrnax when he asks for it." 
"What is it?" 
"It is a moonstone," Traven explained, stepping back to view his work.
"Why a moonstone?"
"Moonstones are believed to harness the powers of the moon and aid in new beginnings."  
Traven took a final glance at the circle. 
"That looks good. Everything is in place now, and I can begin." 
"What happens next?" asked Salek. 
"I must ask that you keep silent. Say nothing unless the demon speaks directly to you." 
"Very well, Traven," he said. "Let us get the final shield." 
Traven did not answer. He closed his eyes and began chanting in a strange language that Salek could not understand. After a few minutes, a swirling wind spread throughout the room even though the door was shut, and there were no windows to admit air. 
Salek slowly became aware of a dark presence in the room. The girl, who had been silent to this point, screamed and a drop of blood ran down from her left nostril. A shadow appeared behind and around her forming a large shape of muscles. It had glowing eyes and horns emerging from a massive head. 
The girl turned to look at Traven. Her movements, like a flesh-covered puppet, mimicked those of the demon shape behind her. 
"What an excellent host," said Xyrnax, looking down at the girl he now possessed. 
The words came from the girl's mouth and in her voice but were accompanied by a deep rumbling sound that seemed to come from a different source. 
"So pure," the girl-creature continued. "Who has called me?" 
"I have summoned you, Xyrnax," said Traven. "You are contained by my power. You will be released to your plane of existence once you have helped us." 
"Why do you need my help?" the demon asked. "You are a powerful wizard. Leave me be and do yourself whatever needs to be done." 
"You are able to find lost objects." 
"Yes. Who seeks this missing thing, and why do you want it?" 
"I am the one who has been searching," said Salek. "I look for the third shield of Gagenor, the missing counterpart of these two shields. I will bring the shields together and break them, allowing the Blood God to return to this world." 
"Gagenor would walk in your world again," Xyrnax exclaimed, causing the girl to grin horribly. "That would have some interesting consequences. Perhaps, he will let me loose upon your realm once again. I will help you, human." 
"Thank you. Gagenor will reward you for your help," said Salek. 
"Give me the stone." 
The girl held her hand out to accept the moonstone. 
Salek walked forward, careful not to cross any lines, and gave the small gem to her. He noticed that blood was now falling from her ears as well as her nose. 
The girl closed her hands about the stone, and fire flared around her with a loud snapping sound. 
"It is done," Xyrnax said as the girl tossed the stone back to Salek. 
It was hot to the touch and glowed a dull red. 
"That stone will lead you to what you seek. When you are moving closer, it will become brighter." 
The demon turned to look at the Travern with fury. 
"Now, magician, you must release me. I have done your bidding." 
"I will allow you to return from where you came."  
"That is not what I meant," bellowed the creature through the girl. "I do not wish to wait for Gagenor's return. I could break free into your world now if I wanted." 
"You are wrong, demon. You cannot escape from my control. Go back." 
"I can try." 
Xyrnax rushed toward Traven, but a wall of magic stopped him. The demon tried to push his way through the invisible barrier, but it held. Traven was sweating from the effort, and his muscles began to tremble. 
"You are strong enough to control me. I will go," said Xyrnax. 
The dark shape surrounding the girl disappeared with the same rush of wind that accompanied its appearance. Once the demon had fled, the girl's body collapsed to the floor, now just a corpse. 
Traven sighed and leaned against the wall. 
"You can leave the circle now, Salek. It is over." 
"Are you hurt, Traven," asked Salek. 
"No, but I almost couldn't control Xyrnax. Go on. Take the shields and hunt for the third one. Good luck, brother." 
Salek picked up the shields, slinging them over his shoulder. 
"We have won, Traven."
"Please go, Salek," said Traven. "We have not won until Gagenor has returned." 
"I am going. First, I must talk with the king."  
*** 
Jalen and his small band walked in the direction that Skeldaar indicated. Jalen could tell they were close. The pull toward the shield was growing stronger. 
Soldiers were running past, ignoring them to help with the dragon's attack. It made Jalen smile to know that Uri was only putting on a show. 
They arrived at a hall that split into three directions. 
"Which way now, Jalen?" Gaerid asked.
Jalen concentrated and used the blade to learn the way. He pointed to a hall lined with statues. 
"We have to keep going straight. What is down that way?" 
"Just the kitchen," said Thrayl. "I know most of the cooks, and they can be trusted. We can go through there without alerting anyone." 
"We should– " Randel paused, looking down the hallway to the right. He saw two men from the King's Guard who were in a discussion by a large window. One of them was Deryn. 
"There's the murderer," Randel shouted. "Deryn, I have come back! Come get your reward!" 
He then drew his sword and ran toward the two men. 
Deryn said something to the other man, and they began to back away. As Randel continued to advance, they turned and fled. 
"You coward," Randel shouted before chasing after them.
"Randel, wait!" Byrelle shouted, running after the swordsman. 
The rest of the group watched her disappear down the hall. 
"So much for not drawing attention," Thrayl muttered, shaking his head and laughing. "Do we go after them?" 
"I do not think so," said Gaerid. "We must keep moving toward the shield." 
"Don't we all have to be present at the third shield?" Jalen asked in confusion. "We cannot defeat Gagenor if we are separated." 
"No, Jalen, you are the only one who needs to be there to protect the shield. The rest of us are only meant to help you make it there." 
"Don't worry about Randel and Byrelle. They will be fine and can catch up to us later," Thrayl reassured him. 
Jalen raised his sword. 
"Let us go to the kitchen then. Lead the way, Thrayl." 
*** 
Salek pushed the stone that the demon had given him deep into his pocket so it would not be lost. He knocked on the door to Karras' chambers and entered when invited. Saying he wished to speak with his brother in private, Salek dismissed the guard who nodded and left. 
King Karras smiled when he saw his brother. He put his book aside and stood to welcome him. 
"Salek, what a surprise! What brings you here?" 
"I came to say goodbye." 
"Where are you going?" asked the king. "You only just returned from a journey." 
"I am not going anywhere," said Salek. "You are the one who is leaving." 
"What are you talking about, Salek. Do not speak foolishly. Why do you have the shields with you? I thought Traven was keeping them safe." 
"He was," Salek explained with a smile. "But now, I have a way to find where the third shield lies. I will bring them all together and break them." 
"You cannot break them," said Karras. "If you do, Gagenor will return. You are supposed to keep the shields safe, so that will not happen. Why are you acting so strangely?" 
"If I protect the shields, then how will my master return to this world?" 
"Your master!" exclaimed Karras, horrified as he began to understand. "No! My brother cannot be a traitor. How can you betray us this way? Think of what our father would say about this." 
Salek pulled out a long knife. 
"Father is dead, Karras. You will be able to ask his opinion in a few moments." 
"What? You would kill your king, your very own brother, for the God of Blood! What has he offered you that would make you do this?" 
"The throne," Salek answered, shoving Karras back into a corner and knocking over a table. 
"Guard!" cried Karras. "Help me!" 
Salek slapped his brother's face sharply. 
"Stop your whining, brother, and don't waste your breath. I sent your guard away. We are alone here. If you keep quiet, I won't make this painful." 
"What do you want me to do?" Karras begged. "Ask for anything you wish, and I will see that you get it. Please spare my life." 
"Will you give me all that I ask? Anything and everything?" 
"Yes, I swear it!" Karras promised. 
"All of the gold in Crendill." 
"It is yours." 
"Your throne?" 
"I will do it. You are the king, just let me live." 
"It seems that I am not heartless after all. Get out of here." 
"Thank you, Salek." 
As Karras turned and started to run towards the closed door, Salek kicked him in the back, sending him crashing face-first into the door. Salek then flung him into the opposite wall. 
"You can't buy your way out of this?" said Salek, putting the point of the knife under Karras' chin. "Your promises are useless. Gagenor will give me these things anyway." 
"Mercy, Salek, I beg you," cried Karras. 
Drops of blood flowed down Karras' neck from where the knife tip had cut him, and the collar of his white robe gradually stained with blood. 
"Sleep well, my King." 
Salek shoved the blade upwards, killing Karras instantly. 
Leaving the knife in his brother, Salek turned and became aware of someone standing in the doorway. 
Dareila had pushed the door open and was staring at the body of her brother. Blood drained from her face, and she was about to scream. 
Salek ran to her, pulled her head back by the hair, and put his hand over her mouth. 
"I seem to have killed our brother. That is only the beginning. Come with me, dearest sister. This evening will be the most exciting that you have ever witnessed." 
*** 
"Where are you, Deryn?" Randel growled to himself as he searched for the Prince. 
Randel heard a footfall and turned to see a blade slashing at him. He jumped back while blocking the attack. It was the tall man to whom Deryn had been talking. 
"Hello again, Randel," said Deryn, stepping from behind a pillar. "It has been quite a while." 
"Too long," Randel replied. "Who is this idiot? Are you too weak to face me yourself?" 
"I choose not to lower myself to your level. This is Proel, the finest swordsman I have ever met. He will dispose of you for me." 
"Why do his dirty work, Proel?" asked Randel. "He is a murderer." 
"I should take the word of an outlaw and a deserter? Your lies are wasted on me. Besides, it is my duty to protect the entire Royal Family." 
"He is not worthy of the protection of the King's Guard," Randel said. "I have no quarrel with you. Step aside and let me have him." 
"Enough talking already. Proel, kill him and be done with this business." 
"Yes, my lord." 
Proel raised his sword and charged at Randel. He swung at Randel a dozen times, but every one of them was blocked. Randel laughed at each miss, sending Proel into a rage. 
When Proel attacked even more fiercely, Randel responded by slashing open his opponent's shirt. He next cut a lock of hair from the top of Proel's head. 
"This is your best fighter?" Randel taunted Deryn. 
He turned back to Proel. 
"Last chance. Walk away now, and you will not die." 
"I'll take my chances." 
Proel slashed at Randel's leg, but his attack was blocked easily. Randel ran his sword through Proel's stomach, and Proel slid from the blade and fell to the ground. 
"Not a bad start," said Randel. "It's your turn, Deryn." 
"I have to do everything for myself, including killing you." 
"You will fail just as Proel did, but hopefully you will put up a much better fight." 
"I won't disappoint you, Randel. It pleases me that I will not have to pay your bounty to another man. I will take care of you myself." 
"Stop hesitating. Let us find out who is better." 
*** 
"In here. Nobody will bother us." 
Thrayl held the door to the kitchen so that Jalen and Gaerid could enter.
"It is wonderful to see you again, Master Thrayl." 
Ana, the head cook, was a tiny, slender woman who only came up to Thrayl's chest. She wore a big smile that lit up her wrinkled face. Thrayl had spent a great deal of his childhood in this kitchen.
"I am glad to be back, Ana. These are my friends, Gaerid and Jalen." 
"A pleasure to meet you both. Are you back to stay for good?" 
"I am not sure yet. It depends on what happens tonight, but I hope so." 
"Your father will be surprised to see you," she said. 
"Yes, I think he will. We need to be going now." 
"Without eating?" Ana asked in astonishment. "At least have a small meal before you go." 
"I can't, Ana. We don't have enough time right now." 
"Fine, fine. If you decide not to stay, you must come back here to see me before you go." 
"I can promise you that much," Thrayl said. "I also need to ask that you don't tell anyone that you saw us." 
"I can do that. What should I say to your family if I see them?" 
"I will let them know I am here when I am ready."  
"You be careful, Thrayl."   
"I always am, Ana," he said. "Let's get going." 
As they were leaving the kitchen by the opposite door, they stopped so that Jalen could use Skeldaar to find the right direction. He pointed to a small door on the other side of the large rounded area where they stood. Thrayl explained that the door led to an old mine. 
Just then, Traven opened the door from his laboratory staircase. From across the room, he saw the trio and recognized Thrayl. Travern was about to call to his nephew when he noticed the blade in Jalen's hand and sensed the magical power flowing from Gaerid. He made a connection between the weapon and the wizard and realized that they must be seeking the shield. 
"There's no reason to wait–," Thrayl began, stopping when the wall above them exploded and showered them with small stones. 
A second later, the wall next to them was destroyed. 
"Move!" cried Gaerid, shoving the other two forward. "Get behind the pillars." 
The pillars shook violently but were enough to block Traven's attack. 
"What is it, Gaerid?" asked Jalen. 
"We are having a huge amount of magic thrown at us. It is a wizard trying to kill us." 
"The only wizard in this city is my uncle, Traven," said Thrayl, peering around the pillars. "That is him. Perhaps, I could talk to him." 
"Son, the way he attacked us, he does not wish to talk. You must understand that your uncle probably sides with Gagenor." 
"What do we do?" asked Jalen. 
"I will hold the wizard off. You get through that door," Gaerid said. "No arguments from you, Jalen. Getting that third shield is all that matters." 
"Are you sure, Gaerid," asked Thrayl. 
"I can take care of this. Good luck, Jalen." 
"I'll do my best and hope that it is enough."  
"Go!" ordered Gaerid, launching a volley of fireballs at Traven. 
The young men had just enough time to get through the door before it was torn from its hinges and smashed into pieces. They ran down a tunnel until the noise died down. 
*** 
While the wizards were doing battle, Salek approached Travern from the other direction. The two shields were still strapped to his back. With one hand, he dragged Dareila. Her hands were bound, and mouth gagged. In his other hand, he held the stone that the demon Xyrnax had given him. The moonstone now had a brighter orange color showing how close it was to the shield. 
Salek pulled his sister and himself behind a pillar near Traven. 
"What are you doing with her?" asked Traven in a raised voice, while throwing a lightning bolt at his enemy. 
"She saw me kill Karras. I want to keep her close. Who are you fighting?" 
"Do you remember that bit of prophecy that mentions a wizard?"  
"Yes." 
"That wizard is right over there," said Traven. 
"He is here?"   
"Yes, that is what I am trying to explain. They are all here. Everyone from the prophecy. The Child of Light just went through that door over there." 
"I have to go after him," said Salek. 
"Don't run off yet. Your son was with them." 
"Thrayl? It does not matter. Get me through that door." 
"Of course." 
Chapter 24 - The Third Shield
Jalen and Thrayl ran through a dark tunnel until the light faded away. Jalen was using Skeldaar to locate the shield, and the pull was the strongest he had ever felt. He knew they were very close. 
Suddenly, Thrayl tripped and fell. 
"This is ridiculous, Jalen. I cannot see a thing. Are we going the right way?" 
"We are getting closer," said Jalen. "I think I can give us some light." 
"Please try."  
Jalen changed the dagger into a sword and turned his thoughts to finding light. The sword began to glow, allowing them to see their way. They continued down the tunnel for a long while, moving faster now that they could see. 
There were no marks on the walls, and plain wooden beams supported the ceiling. Since there was only one way to go, Jalen had been using Skeldaar less often to check for the shield. When he finally did check again, they had gone too far. They turned around and made their way back with the sword leading them. 
"Is it possible that your weapon is wrong?" asked Thrayl, looking at their surroundings. 
To one side, there was a raw stone wall. The opposite wall was entirely covered with wooden planks supporting the ceiling and keeping the tunnel open. 
"Skeldaar says it is here, so the shield has to be close."
Jalen knocked upon the wood with his knuckles and heard a hollow thump. 
"There's nothing on the other side of this wall." 
"Stand aside." 
Thrayl threw his shoulder into the barrier. After the first blow, the wood was cracked but still held. A second blow broke the boards, and they quickly pulled the splintered timbers out of the way. 
They entered a vast cavern with several torches burning on the walls. 
"Who lit the torches?" Thrayl asked. 
"That doesn't matter," said Jalen. "There it is." 
The third shield of Gagenor sat in a hole carved in the stone. 
Jalen immediately ran to pick it up and examine it. Its silver surface held the image of a man who had to be Gagenor. The shield gave off energy, much like Jalen had felt when he first held Skeldaar but not as powerful. 
Jalen was amazed. After all his journeys with his friends, he finally held the key to the world's fate in his hands. 
"We did it," said Thrayl. "I never thought it would happen, but we've got it." 
"I know how you feel. We need to go back out there and find the others." 
"You cannot leave just now." 
Salek entered the room dragging Dareila behind him. 
"Did you not read the prophecy? We must meet here. Give me the shield, and I might not kill you." 
"Father, don't do this," begged Thrayl. "Let Aunt Dareila go, and we can talk about this." 
"There is nothing to say, Thrayl. I had hoped that you would be in better company. Tell your friend to give me the shield, or I will take it from him." 
"I will not do that. If you do not give this up, we will stop you." 
"Such bold words, my son," said Salek. "Your mother would have been proud." 
"Do not speak of Mother. You are disgracing her and betraying the kingdom." 
"I am doing nothing like that. I am freeing the world to be remade by Gagenor." 
"What has Gagenor promised you?" asked Jalen. 
"He will reward me for freeing him," Salek answered, turning to face Jalen. "Once Gagenor has returned, I will be the ruler of all men. Anything I wish will be mine. Thrayl, it could be yours also if you want to join me." 
"No," Thrayl said. 
"I did not think that you would, but I had to try. And what did your god offer you, Child of Light?" 
"Nothing," said Jalen. "My reward will be the knowledge that I stopped you from bringing back Gagenor." 
"I find it hard to believe. Do you do the bidding of Learoden for nothing? Only a fool would do that." 
"Then, I am a fool. You are one, as well, for believing Gagenor's lies. Do you think he cares about your survival? He is only using you to get his way. You will not be rewarded for helping him. He will destroy you along with all humanity. Gagenor has hated man ever since Learoden created us. His jealousy is why the shields were created. If you bring him back, everything we have will be lost forever. You should not put your trust in the Blood God." 
"He will place me on the throne. He would never lie to me. I am his Chosen." 
"The gods did not pick us to help them. It was our fate to be their Chosen, but it was not their decision. Gagenor did not choose you, and he has lied to you all along." 
"Then, why do you fight if Learoden did not choose you?" Salek asked, pointing his finger at Jalen. "Something has to motivate you." 
"You killed my parents," said Jalen in a steady voice. 
"So that is it. I thought you would have a more noble reason. Nothing as low as revenge. I would not know if I did kill your parents. I have killed too many people to remember. But now, you've come to avenge them." 
"I will not kill you unless you will not listen. I promised Thrayl I would try to reason with you." 
"It will do you no good. I am not going to spare you for my son's sake. I have come too far for you to stop me now." 
"You have to end this, Father," shouted Thrayl desperately. "Give us the shields." 
"I will not!" he cried. 
Salek reached to his back, retrieved the two shields, and slammed them to the ground. They shattered into countless pieces and released a sound that echoed like thunder. Salek looked down at the ruined shields, first surprised, and then smiling with satisfaction. 
"That was certainly unexpected," he said, laughing at their destruction. "It seems that the shields were close enough to be broken, even with you possessing one of them." 
Jalen could only stare at the silver fragments at Salek's feet. After everything he had been through, he was unable to understand how the shields could be lost so quickly. Now, he held in his hands the only thing stopping Gagenor's return. This shield would decide everything. 
"I still have the third shield." Jalen held it up to show his enemy and found a new source of confidence. "You have not won while it is safe." 
"I will take that now," said Salek. "Hold this for me, Thrayl." 
Salek shoved Dareila toward the young man. 
Dareila collided with her nephew, who hit his head sharply against the wall and fell. Trapped beneath the weight of Thrayl's unconscious body, Dareila passed out. 
"It is time we finished this," Salek said as he pulled his sword. 
Jalen braced himself to defend the final shield. 
*** 
"Is that the best you can do, Deryn?" asked Randel, pushing his opponent away. 
Deryn was quite good, and Randel decided he must use other tactics to throw him off balance. 
"If I were Karras, I would not be safe with you as my guard." 
"You talk too much for your own good," Deryn responded, swinging at Randel in anger. 
"That has always been your problem, Randel. While the ladies may have fallen for your words, I would prefer you to be silent when I kill you." 
"The only way I will ever be silent is if you do kill me." 
Randel stepped closer and attacked with an overhead swing. His sword moved so quickly that it appeared to be a large silver fan. 
Deryn managed to block Randel's blade. 
"We do not have to do this. I can call off the bounty and forget that I saw you. You go free. Anywhere you wish. Just never come back here." 
"Are you afraid to finish this fight, Deryn?" Randel said with a mischievous grin. 
"I fear nothing from a commoner. What I offer is a way out." 
"I don't trust your offers of mercy."  
"Then, you would rather die. You should be more protective of your life." 
"My duty is to the king, and I will never forget that as you have." 
Deryn charged forward and slashed at Randel as he passed. He then turned back to block Randel's counterattack. When Randel remained still, Deryn feinted to the left, but Randel would not take the bait. Deryn attacked again, and they swung their swords in unison. The blades crashed together with a ringing sound that echoed down the hallway. 
Randel tripped Deryn with his foot, pushing him to the ground. 
Deryn lashed out from where he fell and cut a thin red line across Randel's thigh. 
"You need to keep your guard up," Deryn suggested, standing up while Randel stumbled backward a few steps. 
"One cut doesn't mean that you have won," said Randel, checking his wound. A shallow cut marked the skin. He was lucky the sword had not hit deeper. The leg hurt a great deal, but there was no danger that he would bleed to death. 
"The outcome may take longer, Randel, but you will still die." 
Randel began the next assault with a spinning one-handed swing, followed by a relentless series of attacks.
Deryn repeatedly blocked the sword from its target but was too busy defending himself to try to get in a swing of his own. 
Randel missed once on purpose, knowing that Deryn would jump at the opportunity to strike. 
Deryn slashed quickly, as Randel had hoped, and was blocked. 
Randel swung his sword two more times, cutting Deryn's arm and knocking the sword from his hand. He held the tip of his sword against Deryn's throat. 
"Tell me you're sorry." 
"You would not kill an unarmed man, would you?" Deryn asked hopefully, as sweat dripped down from his forehead. 
"If I did that, I would be no better than you." 
Randel walked over to Deryn's sword and looked down thoughtfully. 
"I don't know why I am about to do this," he said. 
Pushing the toe of his boot under the blade, Randel brought his foot up quickly and caught the sword out of the air. Then, he threw the weapon to Deryn.
Deryn looked at the sword with surprise. 
"I never thought an outlaw like yourself could comprehend the notion of honor."  
"I am as astonished as you are, Deryn. Are you ready to continue, or do you wish to surrender?" 
"I am ready." 
"Good," Randel said, charging with a two-handed attack. 
Deryn sidestepped and kicked at Randel's knee. He barely missed and had to recover quickly, as Randel turned back to face him instantly. 
"I am quite impressed with you, Randel. You are almost as skilled as you claim to be. I do not remember you being this good." 
"You didn't pay enough attention. That is why you do not deserve to be the commander of the Guard. If not for your blood relation to Karras, you could never have earned your place." 
"That is not true!" answered Deryn, swinging his sword at Randel in a fury. 
Deryn was losing his concentration and allowing Randel's insults to pick away at him. He launched himself at Randel in a series of vicious attacks. 
Randel stepped back and only defended himself, letting Deryn waste his strength. He felt entirely in control of this situation, pulling his opponent around like a puppet. Randel was more confident with each parry and enjoying himself despite being in the middle of a fight to the death. 
"Get that stupid grin off your face!" Deryn demanded. 
"This is too much fun," Randel said. "You need to learn to have a good time." 
"This is no game, Randel." 
Randel's only response was laughter, and then his excess of confidence cost him dearly.
 Deryn slapped Randel's wrist with the flat of his sword and slashed with his blade, pulling the weapon from Randel's numbed fingers. 
Randel watched his sword clatter to the ground and slide away, unable to believe Deryn had disarmed him so easily. 
Deryn took advantage of Randel's shock to kick him in the chest, laying him flat on his back on the stone floor. Now, it was Deryn's turn to smile. 
"I don't suppose you will return the favor I did you," said Randel hurriedly. "Out of your unending kindness, of course." 
"Not today. You have caused me enough trouble, and I will not let you live. You should have killed me when you had the chance." 
"I will regret my mistake for the rest of my life." 
Deryn placed his sword against Randel's chest. 
"Fortunately, your conscience will not trouble you very long. Now, what do I do? Do I kill you quickly, or make you suffer?" 
Randel looked at the blade inches from his heart. 
"My vote always goes for quickly." 
"Very well." 
Deryn raised his sword above his head. Suddenly, a violent tremor shook his body, and his eyes opened wide. 
"Come on, finish it!" cried Randel. 
The sword slipped from Deryn's fingers and clanged loudly onto the ground. It was then that Randel noticed the bloody arrowhead sticking out of Deryn's chest. The prince's eyes rolled up, and he fell over onto his side. 
Randel saw Byrelle standing several yards behind Deryn, the string of her bow still trembling. Byrelle put her bow over her shoulder and walked closer. She picked up Randel's sword and quietly handed it to him. Randel accepted the blade and returned it to its sheath. Then, he looked at Byrelle and smiled. 
"You saved my life." 
"I could not just stand there and let him kill an unarmed man," Byrelle said. "It wouldn't be right." 
"And you would miss me too much." 
"Perhaps." 
She looked at the cut on his leg. 
"Are you hurt?" 
"Just a scratch, but I'm sure it will heal quickly." 
"Let me try and help." 
Standing on her toes, she kissed him on the lips. She then looked up at him.
"Is that any better?" 
"I cannot tell yet. I think you might want to try that again." 
"You're right."
Byrelle threw her arms around his shoulders, kissing him much longer this time.
*** 
"Give the shield to me, and I might allow you to live," Salek threatened. 
"I will never give up until I have stopped you," Jalen responded in a shaky voice. 
"Brave words, boy," Salek said, waving his sword. "Do you have the strength to back them up?" 
I am about to find out, Jalen thought. He put Skeldaar and the shield behind his back and concentrated briefly. When he brought his hands back forward, he held two identical shields. 
Salek looked on in momentary confusion. Then, he smiled with enjoyment when he understood the situation. 
"That is an interesting trick, but it will not be too difficult to figure out which one is the real shield."  
Salek swung his sword at Jalen, who blocked it with the shield that was Skeldaar. The blow jarred Jalen's arm up to the shoulder, but he managed to hold on. 
Salek continued to rain swings upon the false shield, while Jalen was forced to back away. 
Jalen's back touched the wall, and he ran to the side to give himself more room. He realized that just defending himself would never work. He was being pushed back too far. Jalen struggled to think of anything that could stop his enemy. 
"You are wasting your magic. You keep the real shield behind you." 
Realizing the diversion was unnecessary, Jalen changed Skeldaar back into a sword. Its surface flowed like molten steel, moving smoothly from one shape to the next.
Salek blinked at this sudden change and understood why this weapon was called The Blade of Many Forms. He had never seen a sword like it. 
"You don't have to go through with this," Jalen urged, trying to use a different tactic. 
"Your words will not convince me to stop. I would not turn back at this point even if I had a choice." 
"You will destroy mankind and everything we have created," Jalen said, angrily slashing at Salek's stomach. 
The older man had been through too many battles to be fooled and parried easily. Skeldaar made Jalen a better swordfighter, but Salek had held a sword since he was even younger than Jalen. 
"You are too weak to stop me," Salek said, blocking all of Jalen's attacks. 
Salek went at Jalen furiously even as he spoke. 
Jalen blocked this advance with the help of Skeldaar and began a counterattack. He came close to cutting his enemy several times, but his blade was turned aside repeatedly. He instinctively let Skeldaar's power take control of his hands to find a weakness in Salek's defense. 
It did no good. As Gagenor's Chosen, Salek had skills that were more than a match for the sword's magic. The fight went on seemingly forever, and Jalen wondered how much longer he could go on. 
Salek answered Jalen's unasked question by ending the fight. He slashed upwards, again and again, pushing Jalen backward. 
Jalen blocked all these blows, but his sword was being forced up too high. 
After a final block, Salek grabbed Jalen's sword arm at the wrist, threw his blade to the side, and caught hold of Jalen's other arm. He then kicked at Jalen's ankle, connecting with a painful blow. 
Jalen dropped Skeldaar to the ground, where it returned to its original dagger shape. 
"It is over now, Child of Light," said Salek to the only one who could stop him. 
Thrayl had just regained consciousness and cried, "Father, no!" 
Salek ignored his son's pleas and began to push Jalen backward. Jalen's sore ankle caused him to lose his balance, and he stumbled. Salek gave another hard shove to Jalen's chest, driving his enemy's back into the rock wall. 
Jalen heard a loud crack and felt something sharp dig into his back. 
Salek released him, and Jalen turned around to see what he already knew. 
The third shield lay in pieces on the ground. 
Stunned and unable to speak, Jalen fell to his knees and picked up a broken shard. I have failed! 
Chapter 25 - A God's Return 
"Gagenor, my master, we have won!" Salek shouted, his fists raised above his head. "Return to this world and take what is rightfully yours!" 
A cracking sound near Jalen's side was enough to wake him from his shock. He quickly retrieved Skeldaar and joined Thrayl. 
A human figure began to form where moments before Jalen had stood. But it was not human. There was a flash of light, and then the Blood God stood in their presence. 
Gagenor touched his arms and then knelt, feeling the ground for the first time in thousands of years. His smile twisted his bony face into a horrifying mask. 
"My lord, have you completely returned this time?" Salek asked with joy. 
"Yes, Blood Child, I am completely back in the world," Gagenor said. 
"When do we begin, Master?" 
"Begin what?" 
"Everything that you promised. Remaking the world as you wish. Making me the ruler." 
Gagenor laughed out loud. 
"You fool. You believed what I told you! You don't understand anything." 
"What do you mean?" Salek asked in total confusion. "I made it possible for you to return, and I am entitled–" 
"You are entitled to nothing! I only needed you for my return. Now that I am back, I have no further use for you. I will destroy you along with all the other creatures my brother created." 
Salek was too shocked to react to Gagenor's words. 
The god turned to face Jalen, making him feel cold. 
"So, you are the Child of Light. I do not see how you could have been of any help to Learoden. However, you have been a great source of trouble to my return, and I will make you suffer for that." 
With a simple gesture from Gagenor, Jalen was lifted off his feet and thrown backward. He was held forcefully against the wall and slowly being crushed. Just when all air had left him, the invisible force was cut off. 
"YOU WILL NOT TOUCH HIM!" boomed a great voice. There was another flash of light, and Learoden stood protecting Jalen. 
The young man could see the resemblance between the twin gods. But where Learoden's features were kind, those of Gagenor looked hateful and wasted away. 
"What are you doing here?" demanded Gagenor, angered by his brother's arrival. 
"When the shields were broken, it allowed you to return," said Learoden. "That act allowed me to return, as well." 
"You always pester me at every turn." 
"I am forced to stop you. You do not respect your power and use it with no thought. To use power, you must take the responsibility that comes with it. Instead of creating something wonderful on your own, you seek to tear down what I have made. I will not stand and let that happen." 
"Then, the brothers must do battle," said Gagenor. 
"We must not. It would destroy this world. Neither of us wants that. I seek to protect what I have made and–" 
"And I want this world to suffer my revenge," finished Gagenor. "Very well, how do we solve this standoff?" 
"Avatars," Learoden answered, 
"Are you crazy?" Gagenor grumbled, stepping away. "Using an avatar is how you deceived me into this whole shield business." 
"Can you think of any better way to solve this situation?" asked the God of Light. 
"This is a trick, Learoden. I do not trust you. You will use this opportunity to block me from this world a second time." 
"I am not going to deceive you, brother. There is only one option left to us." 
Gagenor shook his head. "I cannot believe you are serious about this. Don't you understand the risks?" 
"I know the risks as well as you, and I have to take the chance. I will do whatever is necessary to protect all humans. Once and for always, control of this world must be decided." 
"Very well," said the Blood God. "If this is what I must do to be rid of you, I am willing. You must go first." 
"Of course." 
Learoden turned to face Jalen. 
"I must speak with you." 
"I don't understand what is happening here. I thought I had failed. What are these avatars? Weapons?" 
"In part, yes, but not the way that you are thinking. An avatar is a human being whose body a god may inhabit. My brother and I must use humans this way, or there would be too much devastation to this land. I must ask you. May I use you as an avatar?" 
"Yes," said Jalen without hesitation, wanting another chance to stop Gagenor. "What do I have to do?" 
"Just remain still." 
Learoden disappeared, and a moment later, a large square of pure white light appeared in front of Jalen. It broke into several large pieces and flew toward him. Then, a brilliant flash filled the room. In place of Jalen stood a knight in the brightest armor anyone had ever seen. The knight held the sword Skeldaar in his hands. 
Jalen had a moment of slight panic, a horrifying sensation of having two beings in one mind. 
"Just ignore me, Jalen," he heard Learoden's voice speak. "I have made you stronger, but you are still in control of yourself." 
Salek grabbed Gagenor's arm in confusion, seeking an explanation. 
"I thought we had already won." 
"Be silent and do not move," Gagenor ordered, disappearing as his brother had seconds before. 
A large pulsing ball of blood materialized in the air in front of Salek and then flowed towards him. He tried to back away, but it caught him and wrapped around him. The red shape writhed and shifted, eventually assuming the form of a giant red spider. The nightmare creature dripped poison from its sharp fangs. 
As the twin gods faced each other in their avatar hosts, Dareila came to awareness and looked at the two strange figures in confusion. She glanced up to see her nephew untying her hands. 
"Thrayl, what is this?" 
"I can't explain it to you right now," he said. "I promise I will tell you the entire story after this is over." 
The spider reared up and menacingly waved its legs. Gagenor pushed Salek's will aside and took complete control, unlike Learoden with Jalen. The monstrous beast hissed at Jalen to frighten him. 
Jalen stood his ground without fear. Learoden's presence was a calming force in his mind. 
The deadly creature rushed forward toward its prey, then suddenly turned and ran up the wall. It clung to the ceiling looking down with its many black eyes. 
Jalen held his blade upward so that the spider would impale itself if it attacked. 
The spider jumped at the knight and went for his legs instead of his head. 
Jalen lashed out with Skeldaar and quickly removed the tip of the spider's front legs. 
The monster hissed in pain and hurried off to hide in the shadows. 
The young man, wrapped in the armor of a god, made his blade shine and hunted for the beast. There was no sign of it. Jalen kept turning, so he would not be caught from behind. He saw movement out of the corner of his eye but was not able to react in time. 
The spider rushed forward and sank its fangs painfully into Jalen's left foot. 
Jalen cried out and brought his sword down in a flash, cutting into the spider's eyes. 
The wounded creature screamed in hate and pain and rushed off into the darkness once more. 
Jalen attempted to give chase, but his foot caused him to stumble. Where his foot had hurt at first, the venom from the bite now made it feel cold and numb. Jalen stood up and looked around for the spider but was having trouble seeing. If he did not end the fight soon, the poison would make him blind. 
"Jalen, above you!" shouted Thrayl. 
Jalen looked up in time to see the beast hanging from the ceiling of the cavern. 
The spider jumped on Jalen in an instant, pinning his sword arm to his side. Lowering its fangs, it pierced both of Jalen's shoulders. 
Jalen opened his mouth to scream but could not draw enough breath. 
Gagenor reveled in the pain that he was causing Jalen and saw his victory ahead. 
Jalen's vision began to darken. He knew he had to fight back, or all was lost. He brought his legs up under the spider and kicked out, launching it backward into the air. Gagenor's avatar landed on its back and wriggled, trying desperately to get back on its legs. 
Before the spider could turn over, Jalen was on his feet. He walked over quickly and placed a foot on the spider to hold it down. Raising Skeldaar above his head with the point aimed downward, he stabbed down with all his strength. The blade drove cleanly through the spider's middle and into the rock beneath. 
The spider struggled momentarily, then ceased all movement. 
There was a bright flash of light, and Jalen felt Learoden's being leave his body. 
Jalen looked over at the dead spider but only saw Salek lying on his back, stabbed through his stomach. He had a cut across one eye and was missing several fingers. His wounds exactly matched those of the avatar. Gagenor lay on the floor next to his Chosen, eyes open and staring straight up. 
Jalen then remembered his injuries and looked down at the bloody holes in his foot and shoulders. Wobbling on unsteady legs, he fell into a seated position. 
"Rest easy, Jalen," said Learoden. He knelt next to Jalen and kept him from falling over. 
Jalen felt a warmth spread over his wounds as the god healed him. He watched as the blood faded, and the holes in his body closed. He was left with only small bruises. 
Learoden helped him to his feet. 
"Is that better?" 
Jalen ran his hands over his newly healed skin. 
"Yes, very much. Does this mean we have won?" 
"Yes," Learoden said sadly, looking down at his brother's body. A tear fell from his eye and rolled down his cheek. 
"What happened to Gagenor? Is he–?" 
"My brother has died. I had hoped many times in the past that I could convince him that he should not harm humans, but he never listened. It saddens me that the only way to stop his revenge was to kill him." 
"I don't understand. It is not possible to kill a god. You are both immortal." 
"It is possible when the god is using an avatar," Learoden said. "Only then can a god be harmed." 
Jalen thought about this for a moment and realized what Learoden had risked. 
"You could have died as well. You would have given your life to save us." 
"It was necessary to protect what I have created." 
"Who are these people, Thrayl?" Dareila asked as she and her nephew walked closer. 
"This is my good friend Jalen. And this is Learoden, the God of Light." 
"It is an honor to meet you," she said, not sure whether it could be true. 
"Greetings, my lady," Learoden replied in return. "Unfortunately, I must be on my way." 
"Where are you going?" Jalen asked. 
"I need to take my brother's body to my parents so that they can see the result of his betrayal. I will not be returning." 
"Why would you abandon us now? You have finally returned after all this time, and then you would leave?" 
"You don't need a god watching over you. Your world has done well without me for thousands of years," Learoden said, smiling and placing a hand on Jalen's shoulder. "This experiment has been a success. Humans are very resourceful people. I have nothing more to do here. Besides, I have other worlds I wish to create." 
"What about Skeldaar?" Jalen asked, bending to retrieve the dagger from Salek's body. 
"I think it would be best if you kept it, Jalen. You have earned it with your work to save this world. Who knows what adventures you may face where you will need it?" 
"You have to leave then." 
"I must." 
Learoden picked up his brother's body and laid it over his shoulder. 
"You have done very well, Jalen. Farewell." 
Learoden then turned to Dareila as he began to fade from sight. 
"You will make a fine queen, Your Highness." 
"What could he mean by that?" Dareila asked. 
"I do not know," said Thrayl. "We should go find the others. Also, we must tell someone to bring out my father's body." 
"I am sorry, Thrayl," said Jalen. 
"Don't be. There was no other way to stop him." 
Chapter 26 - A New Queen 
Jalen, Thrayl, and Dareila left the cave where the shields had been broken. As they walked once more through the dim tunnel, Jalen lit the way with Skeldaar.
They returned to the large round room where the wizards had been fighting. It was entirely in ruins, with cracked walls and many broken pillars. 
There was no sign of Traven, but they saw Gaerid leaning against a staircase. He was breathing hard and sweating. They ran to him to see if he was hurt. 
"I am fine, only tired," Gaerid assured them. "What about you? Have you been wounded, Jalen? Where are the shields?" 
"The shields are broken, but do not worry. We have stopped Gagenor," said Jalen. 
"Broken!" Gaerid cried, standing up quickly. "That is dreadful! How did–?" 
"Relax, Gaerid, the fight is over. I will explain everything to you later. I think we owe Princess Dareila a telling of our entire journey." 
"I would truly appreciate it," she said, crossing her arms. 
Gaerid dropped to one knee.
"Your Highness, I beg your pardon. I did not realize it was you. My name is Gaerid, and it is an honor to meet you." 
"Please do get up. You are another of Thrayl's friends, so I am pleased to meet you as well." 
"What happened to Traven?" asked Thrayl. 
"With all the magic being thrown about, one of us was bound to be hit eventually," Gaerid explained. "Your uncle got hit first. He's right over there." 
He pointed off to the left where they could see a row of stone statues, most of which had been broken. The last statue had not been carved. It was an exact lifelike figure of Traven with arms raised and an evil leer frozen on his face. Gaerid had used his magic to turn the evil wizard to stone. 
"Is he dead?" Thrayl asked. 
"No, of course not. However, Traven won't be causing trouble anymore." 
"That is a fitting prison for his crimes," said Dareila in a shaky voice. 
She then began to weep. Thrayl put his arm around her shoulders to comfort her. 
"This is horrible. Are all of my brothers' traitors to the crown?" 
"Not all of them," said Thrayl. "Karras has always been true to Crendill." 
"But Salek killed him! The guard left Karras alone, and his brother murdered him," she cried. 
Thrayl was now even more ashamed of his father's actions.
"Be at ease, Aunt Dareila. This nightmare is behind us, and the pain will fade." 
Dareila wiped the tears from her cheeks. 
"You are right, Thrayl. I must be a good example for the rest of the kingdom. Wait a moment, where have all the guards gone? I have to speak to them." 
"Oh no! I forgot about Uri!" shouted Jalen, running toward the front gate. 
*** 
As they entered the courtyard, about thirty guards were running around with their swords drawn and shouting at each other as they looked up. The source of the commotion was Uri, flying in lazy circles above them. He spat fire into the air and let out an occasional roar to seem more dangerous. 
Jalen called to Uri, and the dragon flew down to land softly behind them. 
One of the guards moved between Dareila and Uri. 
"Your Highness, you must go back inside! That beast might harm you." 
"What beast?" she asked, laughing at his seriousness. She could tell by the way Uri had responded to Jalen that there was no reason to be afraid. 
"The dragon, my lady," the guard stammered. "It has been attacking the castle for almost an hour." 
"It was just to distract you," said Dareila. "If he had truly been attacking you, the whole lot of you would be dead." 
"I can see you were very convincing, Uri." 
"Thanks. Is Gagenor dead?"
"Yes, he is. We will never have to worry about him again. How did you know?"
"We have a close bond, remember?" 
Thrayl gestured to the dragon. 
"Aunt Dareila, I would like you to meet another one of my friends, Uri."   
"I am pleased to meet you, Uri," she said with a wondering smile. 
He bowed his head in greeting to her. 
"You sure have made some unusual friends, Thrayl." 
"You haven't met all of them yet," Thrayl continued. "Here come the last two." 
Randel and Byrelle were walking close to each other. Grinning with tied hands, they were escorted by three of the King's Guard. 
"The rest of you go back to your posts. There is no more trouble," Dareila commanded. She then turned to face the approaching group. 
"Randel! What a surprise to see you back." 
"I can explain what has happened, Dareila. I mean, Your Highness. Sorry." 
"What is he talking about, Collin?" she asked one of the guards. 
"Randel has killed Proel, and this girl put an arrow into Deryn to keep him from killing Randel." 
"How badly is he hurt?" 
"Shot through the chest, my lady," said Collin, lowering his head. "He's hurt bad, but we're already having him looked at." 
"I can help with his healing, Princess," offered Gaerid. 
"Please do, Gaerid. Collin, take this man to see my brother." 
"Yes, Your Highness." 
"We can give you good reasons for what we did," said Randel. 
"I am sure that you will, but I need to see my brother first. You must go to a cell until I can hear your story. Thrayl, why don't you and Jalen keep them company? I will come back to you as soon as I can." 
"We will. You should put a guard with Deryn as well," warned Thrayl. 
"What for?" 
"He has not been honest. We can explain what that means later." 
*** 
A few hours later, after Deryn's wounds had been treated, Gaerid and Dareila joined the others in the dungeon. 
The wizard told Dareila about their entire journey. His companions added their comments as necessary. 
Dareila was amazed that they had witnessed such fantastic things, but she still wanted to hear Randel's story about Deryn. 
The swordsman then recounted the night that he saved the life of Karras. He described the way Deryn had killed the assassin to hide his mistake, how the guards were silenced, and how Randel had never found an opportunity to speak with Karras alone. 
Upon hearing this, Dareila sent a guard to stay with Deryn to be sure he stayed where he was. 
"Then, you believe me?" Randel asked. 
"I have known you for years, Randel, and trust you. However, these are your accusations alone. If this is true, why haven't any of the guards spoken of it?" 
"We were scared, my lady," said a member of the King's Guard who had been standing just outside the cell. He was an older man with dark hair and a thick beard. He had a strong accent, and his voice spoke of years of experience. "Sorry to interrupt." 
"Go ahead, Desher. No one will stop you from speaking now." 
"Aye, yer Highness," he said. "He threatened us, Deryn did. Told us never to tell it." 
"What did you see? Please tell me." 
"I don't know about that assassination attempt bit, but I remember gettin' rid of a body about that time. Deryn, he gave me a crate with a dead man in it and told me to dispose of it real quietly. Said if I did not, I would be out of this job. Also, he ordered all of us not to talk to Randel. Not to trust him. That didn't make no sense to me as he's always been a good lad." 
"Why didn't you come to me or talk to Karras?" 
Desher frowned. 
"It still would have been my word against his. I do not mean to be insultin' to yer Highness, but who would ye have believed? Randel here had it best. With no family or nothin, he could run and not have to protect anything but his own hide. Me, ye know I have got a wife and three boys to worry about. I couldn't afford to risk my job, so I was stayin' quiet." 
"You should have told someone, Desher," said Dareila sternly. 
Randel disagreed. 
"He could not talk. I don't blame him." 
"Very well. There be a trial for Deryn, and you will both have to tell your stories again. Will you do so?" 
"Gladly," said Desher. "It would free my conscience." 
"And you, Randel?" 
"Yes, if Deryn will be made to pay." 
"Good. Desher take a large group and gather Deryn's favorite soldiers. If my brother was a traitor, he had to have help from his men. We will find out who else was involved. Now, I will find rooms for the rest of you. It has been a long day for all." 
"You're not going to keep us down here?" Randel asked in astonishment. 
"You would not have come back here if what you say is false," Dareila said. "I will keep a guard at your door, but I am sure you will stay to see Deryn jailed." 
*** 
The next week was a busy one for what remained of the royal family of Crendill. 
Deryn's trial was held, and Randel and Desher spoke against the prince. They were joined by other members of the King's Guard who had previously remained silent. 
Deryn denied the charges but was found guilty of hiding the attempted murder of Karras and killing the assassin. For these treasonous acts, he would spend the rest of his life in a dungeon cell. 
The question of ascension to the throne was affirmed and made official. Since Karras and Salek were dead, Traven was trapped in stone, and Deryn was guilty of a crime, the choice was clear. Learoden had spoken true, and Dareila would be crowned Queen of Crendill. 
The people of Sidea, and throughout Crendill, gladly accepted the ascension of Dareila. Her kindness was well known. Although the people missed the presence of King Karras, they trusted her and were pleased to have her as their new ruler. 
Epilogue 
The coronation of Queen Dareila went flawlessly, and the citizens of Sidea greeted their new leader with proud cheering. The courtyard was filled with hundreds of people who stared at the strangers and marveled at the enormous red dragon. 
Dareila stood on a balcony and raised her arms to pull in the attention of her subjects. Their cheering ended, and they hushed to hear her speak. 
"People of Crendill," she began in a loud and clear voice. "I speak to you now as your new queen, and thank you for your support. These past weeks have been incredibly difficult for the royal family. The murder of King Karras and the treason of my brothers were truly horrible events that will scar our land for years. Yet, these wounds will heal. While the way I have come to the throne is terrible, I will serve you honestly." 
"Now, I would like you to meet the group of people who put an end to my brothers' plot. They are Jalen, Byrelle, Randel, the great wizard Gaerid, the mighty dragon Uri, and Salek's son, Thrayl. If not for these fine citizens, I might not be alive, and who knows what evil could have fallen upon Crendill. We must thank them for their brave deeds." 
Several rounds of applause came from the crowd until Dareila raised her arms to speak once more. 
"Finally, there are several positions that must be filled in the government of Crendill. 
"Since the crowning of the first king of Crendill, the Royal Adviser has always been a wizard. To replace Traven, I choose Gaerid, who is as wise as he is powerful in magic.
"Randel was once second in command of the Kings' Guards. As a reward for his actions, I am promoting him to Commander of the Guard, the job previously held by Deryn.
"Lastly, I have chosen Thrayl to take his father's place as General of the Crendillan Army. He lacks his father's evil and is every bit as intelligent in military matters.
"Welcome them to their new positions." 
Cheering rose once more.
"Now that these decisions have been made, I invite you all to join in the coronation celebration. Thank you, and good day." 
As the group was walking back inside, Dareila noticed Jalen had a slight frown on this face. 
"What is it that bothers you, Jalen?" 
"I was wondering. Why you did not tell the people about the shields." 
"Because they would not believe it. And, because it would cause the people to worry. They have troubles of their own without having to know that the world was almost destroyed." 
"I see what you mean." 
"What will you do now?" 
After a moment's thought, Jalen answered her as well as he could. 
"I don't know. Before all of this, I wanted to be a soldier. Now, I have seen enough war and destruction. Perhaps, I will use the libraries here to gain more knowledge and then make a decision." 
"That would be a wise choice," said the queen with approval. "Not many get the opportunity to use these resources." 
"And I guess I will be forced to answer the question," Jalen teased. 
"Which question is that?" 
"What do you do after you have saved the world?" 
####
About the Author 
Peter Michael Lazar was born in San Antonio, Texas, in 1975. As part of a military family, he spent his early years in Germany and Maryland before returning to Texas. Peter was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy when he was three years old. He was an active participant in MDA telethons and summer camps. Peter graduated from James Madison High School and attended San Antonio College, Texas A&M University, and the University of Texas at San Antonio. He lived life to the fullest and never let his disability keep him from accomplishing things and experiencing life. Peter passed away in 1999 at the age of 23.



