Princess Electra Book 6  A Pirate Menace

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2014 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2014 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2014

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Princess Electra Book 6  A Pirate Menace

Chapter 1

King’s Lake in Fernland

“Careful now,” Prince Avor called out to the boat builders from Taz as they began to ease the first of two fishing boats onto its cart.  The cart was specially built to make the long journey from King’s Lake in Fernland to the village of Helsop, far to the north.
The boat slid from its staging at the boat works, ten men on each side to steady it. Prince Avor guided it onto the long cart, calling out instructions in the Taz language every step of the way. The boat settled into the framework affixed to the wooden cart and Avor let go his hold on the bow long enough to wipe perspiration from his face with the sleeve of his shirt.
A movement caught the corner of Avor’s eye and he turned to see Fernland’s royal carriage turning off King’s Road toward the lake.
“Tie it down and then take a break,” he called out to the workers in their language. He whistled for his horse and trotted along the sandy shore of King’s Lake to meet the carriage.
Anyone who had not seen Prince Avor in the last few years would likely not have recognized him now. He had grown from a slight, shy boy into a tall, broad- shouldered young man. At sixteen and a half years old, he favored his father in build, and his mother in his dark hair. 
The carriage stopped beside Avor as he slid down from his horse.  His father, King Geoffrey, stepped out. King Geoffrey looked past his son to the cart that now held the first of two fishing boats destined for his daughter, Princess Electra, in Helsop.

“Good timing,” King Geoffrey said, smiling at his son. “We have just sighted Sandovia’s ship entering the estuary. Prince Oswald will want to make the trip to Helsop with you to pick up his weapons order.” 
Prince Avor searched the carriage for another passenger. “Mother is not with you?” It was very unusual for his mother to miss an opportunity to visit her son and almost unheard of for her to miss greeting royal visitors at King’s Lake.
King Geoffrey signaled to his carriage driver and the soldier nodded, snapping the reins to turn the horses around and head back towards Fernland’s castle. “She will be along presently. I wanted to come early to check on the progress of the fishing boats,” King Geoffrey said.
Geoffrey and Avor walked along the shore to where the Taz shipbuilders were securing the boat to the cart that would carry it through the forests of Fernland and up the steep plateau to Helsop where Electra and Dagon were eagerly awaiting its arrival. They hoped the two boats would be the answer to Helsop’s perpetual food shortage.
“Will you make the trip to Helsop with us?” Prince Avor asked in what he hoped was a casual tone.
His father shook his head. “Not this time,” Geoffrey said. “We are expecting a visit from the Caliph.”
Prince Avor felt the tension in his muscles ease. He had hoped for some time alone with Princess Elka of Sandovia—if she had managed to accompany her brother on this trip and if she would be allowed to continue on to Helsop. All of Avor’s questions concerning Elka’s feelings for him would soon be answered. But then his father’s last comment struck home. The Caliph was coming to visit?
“Is there a reason for the Caliph’s visit?” Avor asked.
“He knows the fishing boats are finished. The barge is finished. The two years of asylum for the Taz refugees are completed. It is time to dismantle the boat works and send the Taz workers on their way.” King Geoffrey knew his son did not want to close down the boat works and he looked him steadily in his eyes, ready for any argument his son might initiate.
Now it was clear to Avor why his father had come early without Queen Delphinia. His father did not want to chance an argument in which his wife might choose to side with her son instead of her husband. “I have had two inquiries of late about purchasing more fishing boats identical to these,” Avor said. “They come from people who have seen the finished boats, like the design and wish to purchase one or more for their own fishing industries.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “It is a good design. I am not surprised.”
The two boats, identical twins, were each ten feet across and twenty feet long with holds for fish fore and aft. In the center of the boat, a four sided bench enclosed an area reserved for nets and equipment. Each boat had a center mast with a sail and two oarlocks both starboard and port. It was a simple, yet efficient design and was largely of Avor’s making.
Prince Avor frowned. “And yet you intend to give up any prospect of profit to be made on future orders?”
Geoffrey and Avor had argued more than once about keeping the boat works and the Taz refugees as a permanent settlement. King Geoffrey had agreed to give the refugees a place to live for two years after they had been left homeless by the Great Khan’s victory over their beloved city of Taz. In return, the Taz men agreed to build a barge for Queen Delphinia and dig out an estuary to make King’s Lake into a port of call. The Taz men had, of necessity, violated their original agreement by bringing in their women and children. King Geoffrey had reluctantly allowed that breach, but he was not inclined to go farther from their original agreement. He refused to allow a permanent settlement of foreigners in Fernland, however profitable such an enterprise might prove to be.
Prince Avor was not inclined to change his mind either. He had been apprenticed to the master shipbuilder, Haddad, for the last two years. Although the apprenticeship had been a cover for his real job—to spy on the foreigners for any signs of subversive behavior—Avor had taken to shipbuilding and had made friends with the Taz refugees.  He took pride in the work they had accomplished and reveled in the freedom and purpose it had given him. He was going on seventeen years old now and he was not eager to return to a life at the castle under his father’s close supervision.
“Why not allow the Taz people to stay until we can train enough Fernlanders to take over their jobs? That way we could retain the boat works and continue to make a profit on ships built here,” Avor reasoned.
“No one here has expressed such an ambition in shipbuilding to me,” King Geoffrey said in a measured tone of voice. “Our people seem content with their farms, their sheep, their cattle and their crafts.”
“I could put about a circular—perhaps given the opportunity...” Prince Avor began before his father interrupted.
“I understand you are reluctant to let the boat works go. You certainly have an aptitude for the work as evidenced in these fine boats. But you will be able to use the same skills in other ways. You will be King of Fernland one day and you must begin to gain experience in judging disputes and crafting agreements with neighboring kingdoms. You will not want for situations that demand good reasoning ability.”
“And the desires of the shipbuilders are not to be taken into account?” Avor asked.
“They know their agreement is at an end. That is why the Caliph is coming. He will arrange for their exodus.”
Prince Avor shook his head. He could see his father’s mind was made up. No matter that it made no sense for the Taz builders and their families to leave.
“I must oversee the transfer of the second ship to its cart,” Avor said, trying hard not to let his voice reflect his resentment, as he turned away from his father.


Chapter 2

King’s Lake in Fernland

Prince Avor watched as the blue and gold ship, the King Gundar, dropped anchor in King’s Lake. Queen Delphinia arrived in Fernland’s royal carriage just as Prince Oswald and his sister, Princess Elka, waved from the deck of the King Gundar.
Queen Delphinia took her husband’s hand and jumped down from the carriage. She was a slender, petite woman, pale with dark hair.  She moved with quick, delicate bird-like movements. “What have I missed?” she asked, her voice high-pitched with excitement. 
“They have only this minute dropped anchor,” King Geoffrey said. 
“Good. I do not know why you insisted on coming down before I was dressed. We have had so few visitors of late. I would not want to miss welcoming them.”  Dephinia’s attention moved to the newly arrived ship.  “Is that not Princess Elka?” Queen Delphinia exclaimed. “I did not know she would be coming as well.”
 Avor moved in quickly with an explanation. “Electra invited her to Helsop to teach the villagers how to sail their new fishing boats.”
“She did?” Avor’s mother’s face took on a perplexed expression. “I am sure she was only being polite. It is sure to be a difficult journey, carting those boats all the way to Helsop.”
Prince Oswald was already climbing down the ship’s rope ladder into a shore boat. He waited for his sister to join him and ordered the Taz sailor who had met the boat to row them ashore.
“Welcome back to Fernland,” King Geoffrey said as Oswald stepped out of the rowboat and splashed ashore.
Princess Elka stayed seated as the oarsman pulled the small boat onto the sand. She ignored her brother’s hand as she stepped from the boat onto dry land. She was medium height, with long blonde hair, blue eyes and a graceful, athletic carriage.
“We are so happy to see you both,” Queen Delphinia said. “Did you have a pleasant voyage?”
Prince Oswald shrugged. “Pleasant enough. We outsmarted the pirates by leaving at night. It was an uneventful voyage.” 
“We have the carriage standing by,” Delphinia said. “We can take you directly to the castle. You are no doubt in need of rest after your long voyage.”
Prince Oswald looked down the shore to where the two fishing boats stood loaded on their long carts. “Are those the boats built for Helsop?” he asked.
Avor nodded as he stepped closer to Elka. “We plan to leave tomorrow to transport them to Helsop. If you would like to accompany us to pick up your weapons order, you are welcome.”
“That suits me,” Oswald said. He looked at his sister, Elka. “Are you sure you want to make the trip up to Helsop? It will be a long, uncomfortable journey.”
“I am sure,” Elka said without meeting Oswald’s eyes. “I promised Electra.”
“My Dear,” Delphinia said. “Electra would not hold you to such a promise. You are welcome to stay with us at the castle until your brother returns.”
“Thank you, but I wish to see Helsop.” Elka glanced briefly at Avor for help.
“You might enjoy seeing Ice Mountain if you have not seen such a mountain of moving ice before,” Avor said, hoping he did not sound desperate.
“Yes, I would like that very much,” Elka said.
Oswald shrugged. “Since it is your birthday tomorrow, I give you leave to celebrate as you will.”
Delphinia’s eyes sparkled. “Your birthday? This is wonderful news. I must confess I have longed for some occasion worthy of a celebration. How old will you be?” Delphinia asked.
Elka lifted her eyes and managed to utter “sixteen” before blushing.

Avor turned down his mother’s offer to ride back to the castle in the royal carriage. He wanted to speak to Elka, but not with his parents present. There would finally be time to spend alone with her on the long journey to Helsop. He spurred his horse forward and found he could not stop smiling.

At the castle, Delphinia quickly put together a dinner menu in Chef Cristo’s office. The celebration would include some music before dinner. She sent a footman out to find Take the Thief and his musician friends while she went over the menu with Chef Cristo.
“I believe two wines will be sufficient,” Delphinia said.  “One for the main course and another for dessert.  The dessert wine must be exceptional as it is then we will make the Name Day toast.”
Chef Cristo hunched over a scrap of paper, making notes.  He looked up at the words ‘Name Day toast’.  “We are to have a cake then?”
“Yes.  We will need a cake.  I will provide a silver coin to be baked into the cake.  It will be a cake for Princess Elka’s sixteenth birthday, and some lucky guest will find the coin in his piece of cake.  Try to see that it is not one of the Royal Family.”
Chef Cristo nodded.  “A honey cake then?”
“Yes, with fruit, I think.”
“Of course.  It will be magnificent,” Chef Cristo said in a confident voice.

That evening Elka appeared dressed in a royal blue gown with her blonde hair piled high on her head.  A few wispy golden curls escaped to frame her face.
Avor caught his breath at the sight of her. He watched as she descended the stairs beside her brother and wondered what he might say to her that would hold her attention.
When Prince Oswald left her to speak to King Geoffrey, Avor quickly moved in to greet her.
“I am so glad you were able to come along on this trip,” Avor said.
Elka nodded. “It was not easy to convince my father to allow it.”
“We will be two to three days on the road if the rains hold off.” Avor struggled to find a more interesting topic of conversation. “Have you managed any more opportunities to sail since last we saw one another?”
“No.” Elka looked him in the eyes. “I think often, though, of the sailing competition you arranged for me.”
Avor shrugged. “We should have many opportunities to sail once we reach Cold Lake in Helsop.”
“That is my hope,” Elka said.
Queen Delphinia walked over to welcome her guest of honor. “My Dear—you look lovely tonight.” She took Elka’s hand. “That color suits you. Come, you must meet some of our ministers. They all want to wish you a happy birthday.”
As Delphinia whisked Elka away, Avor’s eyes followed them. He felt things were going well. Elka seemed happy to see him and eager to spend three days on the road to Helsop with him. Perhaps she had the same feelings for him as he felt for her. He dared to hope he might one day ask for her hand in marriage. Why not? They were both royalty. His father wanted a close relationship with Sandovia. It felt almost as though such a match was meant to be. Avor listened to the music of Take the Thief and his fellow musicians and allowed his mind to wander where it would.

Queen Delphinia insisted Princess Elka sit beside her at dinner. She hinted there would be a surprise for her at dinner’s end.
 Prince Avor sat to the right of Prince Oswald who sat to the right of King Geoffrey. Oswald and Geoffrey were engaged in a discussion of the weapons he had ordered from Helsop. This left Avor free to steal furtive glances at Elka across the table.
The discussion on his left switched to news from neighboring kingdoms, as Oswald spoke of recent events in Sandovia while King Geoffrey sopped up gravy with a chunk of bread.
“We were surprised one morning a fortnight ago to see King Shabas’s flag ship, the Pride of Manoa, sail into our main sea port.  With so many pirate attacks on merchant ships, royal visits have become a rarity.” Oswald laughed as he continued. “King Shabas had little choice but to send an envoy to brave our pirate-ridden waters. It seems his heir, Prince Gallos, has taken a notion to marry before his mother succumbs to her illness. She has been in poor health for some time now, as you know.”
Prince Avor’s ears became more attuned to Oswald’s words.
“Prince Gallos has asked for Princess Elka’s hand in marriage,” Oswald said.
Prince Avor did not hear the rest of the conversation. He was too overcome with his own emotions. This could not, must not, happen.

Chapter 3

Road to Helsop

The morning had been a barely controlled chaos. Queen Delphinia had insisted the royal carriage go along to carry Princess Elka to Helsop. Elka’s pleas to ride on horseback along with the others had fallen on deaf ears. Haddad insisted on coming along with several of his men to safeguard the fishing boats on their long journey up the plateau. Several of the palace guards were sent along – for what purpose, Avor could not fathom. He resigned himself to the crowded entourage and was grateful his parents had not decided to join in at the last minute. He knew he had only the expected visit of the Caliph to thank for that.
The assemblage moved slowly, with guards checking often for irregularities in the ties which held the boats to their carts. A shorter cart held the small sleek racing craft that Avor had designed as a wedding present for Electra. He hoped Elka would be impressed with the speed of the little sailboat.
Avor had no opportunity to speak privately with Elka until the Captain of the Guard called a break for lunch at a dip in the road that offered a small beach adjacent to the nearby river.
Avor helped Elka down from the carriage. “Have you enjoyed the journey thus far?” he asked.
Elka smiled. “I have. We have no deep forests in Sandovia. Ours is a rocky windswept island kingdom.”
“We will have opportunities to take walks through an ancient forest once we reach Helsop,” Avor said.
“I look forward to it.” Elka moved closer and lowered her voice. “You cannot imagine how much I have looked forward to this journey to Helsop.”
“Truly?” Avor asked. They walked together down to the small beach that bordered the road. “I was surprised to learn of your marriage proposal last night.”
“No one was more surprised than I when King Shabas’s envoy arrived with the offer,” Elka said.  “I barely remember speaking to Prince Gallos at your sister’s wedding.”
“Have you accepted his offer?” Avor held his breath, waiting for Elka’s answer.
“No, but I agreed to go and spend some time with Manoa’s Royal Family. That was the only reason I was allowed this trip to Helsop. Oswald and I will go on to Manoa from here. My father thinks it a good offer. He says I will be safe in Manoa.”
“But he leaves the final decision to you?”
“For now. That is why this trip is so important to me.”
Avor dared to hope she might have wished to spend more time with him as he wished to spend more time with her.
“Oh?” he said, in a voice that encouraged more information.
“I wish to speak further with Electra. She was able to forge her own path before committing to a marriage. I envy her that.”
Avor felt his hopes dashed, but still saw a glimmer of possibility in her words. “You would like to pursue your own agenda before accepting a proposal?”
“Exactly,” Elka said, taking his arm along a steep embankment, “if I only had an agenda.”
Avor laughed. “Do you suppose Electra might supply one?”
Elka laughed as well. “No, I do not suppose so, but perhaps these few precious days of freedom might point me in a direction if such a miracle is possible.”
“I believe you already have a direction,” Avor said.
Elka’s eyes grew large. “You do?”
“You like to sail. You are good at it. Surely there is a direction there.”
Elka still held Avor’s arm, even though they now walked along level ground beside the river. “You are the best friend I have ever had, Avor. No one else has ever taken my fledgling interests seriously.”
Avor was not sure being best friends was a path to the relationship he longed for, but he supposed it was better than nothing. “Would you consider a position such as mine? Apprentice ship shipbuilder?”
“I believe I would be a better sailor than a shipbuilder. I would not turn down an opportunity to sail the seas on a voyage of discovery. Perhaps I should stowaway on such a journey. What do you think?” She smiled up at Avor.
“I think I should like to stowaway with you.” Avor put his hand over the hand that held his arm.
“Ten minutes,” the Captain of the Guard shouted.
Avor and Elka hurried back to the carriage where a basket of rolls, dried fruit and cheese had been set up. Avor and Elka helped themselves to the remnants of the picked-over food.
Oswald joined them and pointed to a dark cloud rolling in from the north. “Is that a front moving in?” he asked.
“It looks to be,” Avor said. “We may be in for a damp night.”

The rain started just after sunset. The travelers chose a grassy spot to camp, a little off the road on the side opposite the river in case the water rose to flood overnight. Tents were erected but the night still promised a damp and uncomfortable sleep. By the next morning most of the travelers were not well rested. The rains continued.
“Why not ride with me in the carriage?” Elka asked Avor. “There is plenty of room.”
Avor shook his head. “We will need all hands to keep the carts moving. If we become mired in mud we may be stuck here until spring.”
Elka thought this a joke and smiled but Avor did not return the smile. The boats were heavy. They could become too swamped in mud to be pulled out by the best of horses.
Elka stepped into the carriage and had barely closed the door before her driver shouted, “Hi up there!” to his team of horses.

The second day of slogging through the mud and rain and the second night of camping on wet soggy ground left everyone out of sorts. The little caravan stopped at the base of the plateau leading up to Helsop. The rain had turned to sleet and all the blankets were already too damp to provide much warmth.
Avor moved up to the window of the carriage and shouted over the roar of the storm. “Your driver will take you up the rise to Helsop if he is able. He will leave you at the School of Medicine and return with the horses to help us up the rise. We will bring the boats up one at a time.”
Elka nodded. “Have a care,” she shouted back.
At Avor’s signal the carriage driver stood, waved his whip and shouted at his team. The carriage jerked forward as the horses surged ahead, building momentum for the steep rise.  The carriage continued up, slowing as it scaled the plateau.  Just as it appeared they were too mired in mud and slush to make it to the top, the driver stood again and screamed into the storm.  The horses strained forward and freed the carriage in a final burst of strength that carried them over the lip of the plateau. They were met at the top by a group of Helsop’s militia men. Elka recognized one as Electra’s husband, Dagon.
“Who do you carry?” Dagon asked the driver.
“Princess Elka of Sandovia,” the driver shouted back. “I will drop her at the school and return with the horses to help with the boats.”
“Carry on,” Dagon replied. “We will lend a hand.”
As the driver turned toward the village, the militia men, heads bent into the sleet, passed by the carriage on their way down the steep plateau.

Chapter 4

Village of Helsop

Electra opened the door to the School of Medicine when she heard the carriage drive up. She recognized the red and gold carriage of Fernland at once.  She had been a passenger in it many times. The door opened and Princess Elka of Sandovia stepped out. Her driver had already climbed down to unhitch the horses from the carriage. He nodded at Electra and went back to his work without a word.
“Come in,” Electra said, looking around to see who had accompanied the Sandovian princess. Evidently, no one had. “You must be freezing. We have a fire going.” Electra smiled at her guest.
As Elka came through the door of the School of Medicine, Electra noticed the driver was already putting a saddle on one of his horses. She closed the door behind her.
The great room of the school was crowded with students. They sat or stood around the long dining table sorting through dried bunches of herbs. The blue and red parrot Prince Manos had given to Electra and Dagon as a wedding present sat on a perch overlooking the activity.
“Students,” Electra said, “we have a guest from Sandovia.  This is Princess Elka, daughter of King Gundar.”
The students stopped their work long enough to welcome the Princess. They moved aside to make a space for her to view the glass vials and bottles that held their various herbal concoctions.  A few held up bunches of herbs and invited her to join them.  Elka shook her head, but smiled.
Electra gestured toward the herbs scattered atop the table. “We are busy making potions and tinctures today since it is too wet to walk in the forest, gathering herbs. Come and sit by the fire with me. We have tea.”
“Tea and toast,” the parrot called out in a voice that mimicked Electra’s.
Electra smiled and nodded at the bird. “You remember Coco, I expect. He has made himself quite at home here.”
Elka took off her damp cloak and hung it on a hook in the rock wall that surrounded the fireplace. “You are so kind. The others are still trying to maneuver the fishing boats up the rise.”
Electra’s eyes sparkled with excitement. “You have brought the fishing boats? This is wonderful news! I feared it had been too long and we would not receive them until spring. We will have fish this winter.”
“It has been a difficult journey. Perhaps it would have been better to wait until spring,” Elka said.
“No, no! This is better. Helsop is always short of food – especially in the winter months,” Electra declared. “The boats may save many from starvation.”
Elka looked stunned. “Your food shortages are that severe? I am sorry. I did not know.”
Electra waved her hand in dismissal. “You could not have known. Now you are here as well, to teach us how to sail the boats.” She handed Elka a cup of hot tea and pushed a stool close to the fire. “Who else has come?”
“My brother Oswald. He is anxious to collect his weapons order.”
“Good. We have it ready,” Electra said.
“Also Prince Avor and some of the Palace Guard and a few of the boat builders have joined us.”
“We will find room for all. We have empty cots in the clinic.”
Elka blew on her tea to cool it before speaking. “I have looked forward to this visit since our talk at your wedding festivities. I would not have managed it without an unexpected event.”
“What event?” Electra asked, settling herself on her own stool in front of the fireplace.
“An envoy arrived in Sandovia bearing a marriage proposal from Prince Gallos of Manoa. Father agreed to allow me to accompany Oswald here so we could continue on to Manoa for a visit with the Royal Family.”
Electra’s mouth dropped open for a second at this unexpected news. She wondered how her brother, Avor, was reacting. She knew he had feelings for Elka. “A proposal of marriage? But you are so young.”
“I have just turned sixteen. My father thinks Prince Gallos wishes to marry soon since his mother is ill and his father quite elderly.”
“Has your father accepted on your behalf?” Electra asked.
“I believe he favors it. He thinks I would be safe there since Manoa is at peace with its neighbors. But he said he will leave the final decision to me.”
“I see.” Electra felt Avor’s disappointment even though he was not present. “Do you think you will accept?”
“I do not know. That is why I was so anxious to come here.”
“Here? Why here?” Electra asked.
“To ask your advice,” Elka said, as though it should have been apparent.
“I could hardly offer advice when it comes to matters of the heart.” Electra said.
Elka shook her head and frowned. “But you said yourself I am still too young. I have not had a chance to make my way in the world as you have.”
“Oh, I see. It is not a question of who to marry, but when.”
“Perhaps both.” Elka stared into the flames of the fire. “I feel incapable of making any decision. I feel my only identity is that of being daughter to King Gundar. More than anything I wish for the freedom to find out what I have to offer as a person. Does that make sense?” She turned to face Electra.
Electra took a sip of tea. “Actually it makes perfect sense.”
Elka breathed deeply. “I knew you would understand.”
They both sipped their tea in silence for a few moments.
“Even if you knew at this moment exactly what you wanted to do, life has a way of interfering with the best laid plans,” Electra said in a soothing voice.
“What do you mean?” Elka asked.
“I had decided to fake my own death in order to attend a School of Medicine and extract myself from an unwanted marriage to Bataar of Barbaree.”
Elka’s hand shook and her cup clattered against the saucer. “You were to marry Bataar, son of the Great Khan?”
“It is a long story. But the point is – life intervened. The proposal was rescinded, another option became available and perhaps because it was meant to be – I did become a physician.”
“So you believe I should just wait and see what life has in store for me?” Elka asked.
“I believe even now you are being given a taste of the freedom you long for. You will meet Prince Gallos and experience life in Manoa. You have been given the right to accept Gallos and Manoa or reject both. Here is freedom again. You may see opportunities or obstacles. Even if you make a choice, life may alter your choice in ways you cannot predict. In fact, you can be quite certain there will be many surprises along the way.”
“So you think it useless to plan a life when so much is unknown.”
“Plans often go awry. But I do think it useful to begin to know yourself. I am sure you already do know yourself in more ways than you admit to,” Electra said with a small smile.
Elka blushed and returned a shy smile. “I know I do not wish to become a physician. The sight of blood sends me into a panic.”
“I suppose that is a start,” Electra said. A gust of wind and rain blew into the School of Medicine as the door opened and a crowd of wet, muddy men streamed in.
Electra jumped up from her stool.  “Avor, come, warm yourself by the fire.  I cannot believe you made it here in this storm. We are so grateful to have our fishing boats before winter sets in.”
“I am not so sure winter has not set in,” Avor said. “The sleet has turned to snow.”
Electra turned to her students. “Let us find warm dry clothes for our guests,” she ordered. “And food. We can dip into our reserves, now the fishing boats have arrived.”

Chapter 5

Village of Helsop

Snow fell continuously for two days on the Helsop plateau. The visitors from Fernland, scattered at homes throughout Helsop, were anxious to be on their way back to Fernland – or at the very least – out their hosts’ homes. The close quarters had them all on edge.
The School of Medicine, already packed with students, was now home to Princess Elka as well. The men from Taz refused to stay in a school full of women and so were housed in the clinic or the cold mess tent. The Palace Guard were scattered among cottages throughout the village.
Electra looked out the window of the School of Medicine at first light and was relieved to see the early snow had ceased to fall and the sun was rising in a cloudless sky. She fairly danced into the kitchen to stir up the ashes and put on water to boil as Isa came through the door.
Electra’s good mood turned cautious as she saw her friend’s worried expression.
“I believe we will be able to put the new boats into the water today,” she said, watching her friend’s worried face closely.
Isa nodded and took down some cups for tea.
“Have you had breakfast?” Electra asked.
“What?” Isa asked in a distracted manner.
“I asked if you have had breakfast.”
“Oh. I... I’m not sure. No. I don’t think so.”
“Do you want to tell me what is wrong?” Electra asked as gently as she could.
A tear escaped from Isa’s eye and she brushed it away. Electra put her arm around her friend and Isa began to cry in broken sobs.
“It is Olaf,” she said. “Something is wrong with him. He is bumping into things. His eyesight seems to be failing. I think it may have something to do with being hit in the head long ago when he was captured and sent to Fernland’s dungeon.”
“Would you like me to look at him?” Electra asked.
“Yes, but he will not go to the clinic. I have tried to bring him here. He says it is nothing – it will pass. But I do not think so.”
“I will find an excuse to see him,” Electra said. “Shall I go at once?”
“No. He is eager to help with the fishing boats. Everyone is very excited to be first aboard. Perhaps tonight.” Isa dried her eyes with her sleeve.
“Tonight then,” Electra said. “Let us not worry until then. Perhaps he is right in saying it is a thing that will pass.”
Isa nodded but Electra could tell her friend did not believe it.

After breakfast all the students joined the villagers as they followed the fishing boats through the slush to Cold Lake. Elka rode beside Electra, offering suggestions.
“I am looking forward to helping with this fishing enterprise in any way I can,” she stated.
“We have old nets, which are repaired and still serviceable,” Electra said.
Elka’s enthusiasm showed in her rapid speech. “With two boats the men can hold one side of the net fast against the side of a stationary boat while the other boat sails in a half circle around the first with the other end of the net.  The net will catch all the fish between the two boats.  Casting the nets will not be necessary with this method.” 
Electra pictured the operation in her mind and found it ingenious. “I am so glad you are here to advise us,” she said.
Electra spurred her horse forward to relay Elka’s suggestion to Dagon and Avor. As she came alongside Dagon, she smiled.
“There you are,” Dagon said. “I missed you last night. I hardly slept.”
Electra had moved out of Dagon’s small cottage so Oswald and Avor could bunk down there. Everyone had been forced to make do while the snow continued to fall.
Electra brushed his cheek with her fingers. “Elka has told me how we might best make use of our two boats.” Her voice was bright with excitement.
“And how is that?” Dagon asked.
Avor heard Elka’s name and guided his horse closer to hear what was said.
“Each boat takes one end of the net, scooping up the fish in between,” Electra explained.
Both Dagon and Avor looked impressed with the plan. “I can imagine it,” Dagon said. “We will try that first.”
Avor seemed pleased. “Elka comes from an island nation. Fishing is important there,” he noted.
Electra saw that Avor was proud of Elka’s knowledge. She wondered if he knew of Gallos’ proposal of marriage.

The boats reached the shore of Cold Lake and the men from Taz took over. They piled snow behind the carts and tamped it down to make a slide into the water of the lake. Avor took his place beside his mentor, Haddad, as they guided the boats off the carts and into the water. Luckily the snow was an early fall and the lake had not yet reached a freezing temperature. They would need to catch as many fish as possible and preserve them in brine before ice formed on the lake and fishing from boats became impossible.
Electra watched as four men from Taz and four lucky villagers boarded each boat. The village men had drawn lots to see who would be instructed in the use of the fishing boats by the Taz boat builders. Olaf had been one of the lucky ones. No wonder he would not admit to any weakness just now, Electra thought.
Avor told his boat builders to try Elka’s suggestion first, then give the Helsop villagers a lesson in casting nets. Everyone watched anxiously as the boats were rowed a little ways off shore. For now, the sails stayed furled around their masts.

The boats stopped about one hundred yards offshore and the first boat let down a large rock to serve as an anchor. The crew unfolded their largest net and handed off the other side of the net to the crew on the second boat which waited close by. The men in the first boat fastened a rock to the bottom of their net to hold it down in the water. The men in the second boat did the same.
Slowly, now with its sail unfurled, the second boat began to glide slowly around the first boat, the Taz sailors giving instructions which Avor translated to the Helsop men. As they neared the end of their half circle, they began pulling up the net, bottom first, and drawing it near the stern of the first boat.
With mighty heaves from all the men aboard, they pulled the heavy net free from the water and into the hold of the first boat.
The villagers gasped and whistled to see the size of the first catch. The hold was filled to overflowing with fish flopping free, escaping back into the lake. A cheer went up from the bystanders. The cheer was echoed by the men on the boats. Helsop would not go hungry this winter.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

Princess Serafina of Henge and her twin daughters were on their way to Helsop to visit Electra. Serafina had planned to leave earlier but was kept in Henge by the early snow. This might be the last chance for them to make the trip before ice and snow made travel to Helsop difficult.
The twins, now two years old, played in a nearby stream while Serafina unpacked food for a picnic lunch. Esme’s half-grown wolf pups romped through the grass beside the stream fighting mock battles with each other. Serafina watched as Esme and Shalin threw pebbles into the stream to watch the water splash around them.
“Would you like to try your calling powers on running water?” Serafina asked her daughters.
Both little girls looked at their mother curiously. They were forbidden to use their calling powers around their castle in Henge, especially when their father, Prince Blackwell, was present.
“It would be all right to use your powers here,” Serafina said, realizing they were reluctant to earn their mother’s displeasure.
Shalin nodded and Esme clapped her hands together, eager to try something new.
“Watch what happens when I put rocks in the stream,” Serafina instructed.
She pushed a few large rocks into the middle of the stream and the water was forced to detour around the rocks in its downhill plunge.
“Call a few more rocks down from the hillside and see what happens,” Serafina said.
Esme looked up at the hillside and called a heavy rock into her waiting hands. Before the rock could bowl the small child over, Serafina stepped in front with a stick to bat it away.
“See if you can encourage the rocks to roll gently downhill instead of into your hands.” Serafina stepped aside.
Shalin concentrated on a rock halfway up the hill. Slowly the rock became loosened and began to roll downhill into the stream.
Shalin smiled and looked at her mother for approval.
“Nicely done,” Serafina said.
“Now me,” Esme shouted, jumping up and down in her eagerness.
Esme looked up the hill and located a pile of rocks. Before Serafina could caution her, the whole jumble of rocks slid down the hill in an avalanche.
Serafina grabbed both twins and whisked them out of harm’s way. The rocks cut off the stream and water began piling up behind the obstruction to form a small lake.
Esme looked at her mother fearfully.
“It is all right Esme. But now you see why a delicate touch is often the better choice.” Serafina smiled and Esme relaxed.
Serafina pulled a few rocks from the stream to allow the water to run freely once again.
“Now, let us see the extent of your calling powers with a little experiment,” Serafina continued. “You saw how the rocks were able to slow the advance of the water. Very gently, see if you can put an imaginary rock in the water with your mind.”
Both little girls concentrated hard to try to stop or slow the running stream with their minds.
Serafina noticed a slight ripple where no rock lay and guessed that one of the twins at least had managed it.
“That is enough for today. You have both done very well. We will practice again soon,” Serafina said. “Now come and eat your lunch.”
“Can Daddy see?” Esme asked.
Serafina knew Esme would love to show off her powers to her father. She was too young to know that her calling powers were extremely rare and that most people would find such powers frightening. Since Serafina was a sorceress, she had not expected her husband to be one of those people. Although he was proud of his wife’s abilities, he was reluctant to acknowledge even greater powers in his daughters.
“No, not yet. Perhaps when you are older and have perfected your powers,” Serafina said.
Esme seemed content with that answer and ran off to join her wolves in their game of stalking a ground squirrel.
Shalin, the more contemplative of the twins, looked at her mother. “Can Daddy call rocks?”
Serafina picked up her daughter. “No he cannot call rocks, but he can do other things. He can pick you up and toss you into the air like this.”
Shalin giggled happily as her mother lowered her to the ground and placed a slice of cheese in her small hand.
“We see ‘Lectra?” she asked.
“Yes, we are going to see Electra and Little Dagon. Would you like to stay with them for a while?”
Shalin thought about this for a moment before answering. Then she nodded.
Serafina hoped she might leave the twins with Electra for a time while she made a visit to Manoa. It had been over a year since she had left Sloan on White Cliffs Island to mine and process the white powder needed to supply Henge’s army with exploding arrows. Since she had last visited Manoa disguised as an old woman, she dared not take her twins along to give away her disguise. Nor did she wish to leave the twins alone with their father lest he crush their little spirits by reacting badly if they should forget her instructions and use their calling powers in his presence. She hoped in time he would come to accept and cherish their rare abilities.
Serafina ate some bread and cheese, sitting by the stream. The twins left off their play with the wolves and came to join her.
Shalin stared at the stream as she ate a crust of bread and the stream suddenly split into two streams, each moving around an invisible barrier between them. The little girl smiled in triumph.
“Well done,” Serafina said, as she brushed crumbs from her cloak. “Can you take it away?”
Shalin nodded. She stared again at the stream and the water closed in to run smoothly in a single stream.
Esme frowned and stared again at the stream but nothing happened. She stamped her foot in frustration and called a rock down from the side of the mountain to fall gently into the middle of the stream. She turned to her mother, hoping for her approval.
“Well done, Esme,” Serafina said. “You have listened and learned. That was done with a very gentle touch.”
Esme smiled smugly at her sister and grabbed a piece of dried apple from the picnic basket before Serafina could pack it away.
“Let us mount up. We still have a long ride to Helsop,” Serafina ordered.

Chapter 7

Village of Helsop

Electra smelled of fish. Her clothes were filthy from cleaning fish and preserving them in barrels of brine. She had never been happier.
The Helsop villagers shared her joy as they filled every available vessel with fish soaked in brine. The barrels would be stored throughout Helsop, some in the new houses constructed from dismantled Vagan ships, and some in the empty castle keep. With so many fish no one would go hungry this winter. With money for weapons flooding into the village no one wanted for material goods. Helsop had become prosperous.
Electra thought back to when she had first come to Helsop as Dagon’s prisoner. The villagers had been sick and starving with little in the way of possessions. So much had changed it seemed almost miraculous. But there had been no miracles. Almost every change was the result of Helsop’s treaty with Fernland. And that treaty had come about because Electra was King Geoffrey’s daughter.
Electra waved to Dagon as he rolled more barrels over to the fish processing area. He lifted his hand in a salute, left his barrel with a soldier and walked toward her.
“Have you taken a turn in our new racing boat?” he asked.
Electra laughed. “I have. Avor insisted I be first. I went out with Elka.”
“The two of them have been at it all morning. Before they are through, I think everyone will have had a turn,” Dagon said.
“Have you been out?” Electra asked.
“Not yet. I went out on the fishing boat. I wanted to learn how to cast a net before the Taz men left.” He frowned. “Has Olaf been by to see you?”
Electra shook her head. “No, I tried to see him but he was out.”
“Why did you try to see him?”
“Because Isa asked me to. Did she ask you to check on him as well?” Electra asked.
“No. Isa said nothing to me. On the fishing boat this morning he lost his balance and cut his head falling into the mast. I did not know he had something wrong before he fell. That might explain the reason for his fall this morning.”
“Isa says he has been bumping into things of late. Did he go to the clinic after his fall?”
“I do not know. He may have just gone home,” Dagon said. “He said it was nothing to worry about even though it bled a great deal.”
Electra wiped her hands on her dirty skirt. “I will clean myself up a bit and go to check on him.”
 Dagon frowned as he thought about his brother-in- law and friend. “Isa told you she was worried?”
Electra nodded. “Olaf likely told her not to tell you. I think he suspects something is wrong and does not want to admit it.”
“Do you want me to come with you?” Dagon asked
“No, let me see first if there is cause for worry.”

After changing clothes and washing her hands and face, Electra went in search of Olaf. She found him at his cottage. He sat out front in the bright light, setting a bowstring into a wooden bow, holding it close to his face as though he was having trouble seeing it clearly.
“Olaf, good day to you,” Electra called.
Olaf looked up. “Good day. Isa is up at Cold Lake, helping with the fish catch,” he said.
“Dagon asked me to have a look at your head wound,” Electra said, knowing Olaf could hardly refuse an order from his commander.
“It has stopped bleeding. It is fine now,” Olaf said
Electra smiled. “All the same, I have my orders. Now that I am married, I suppose I must obey. Dagon may not be my commander but he is my husband.”
Olaf smiled at her little joke and set his bow aside.
Electra moved closer and saw what she had dreaded. There was definitely a bulge around his right eye. She cleaned his head wound and put salve and a bandage on, then looked closer at his eye. It was dilated and the skin around it pulled tight.
“How long have you had this lump?” she asked.
“I don’t know. I hardly notice it,” Olaf said.
“Do you have times when you feel dizzy?”
“Sometimes, I suppose.”
“Any headaches?”
“A few.”
“Any vision problems?”
“Sometimes.”
“I believe you have a tumor. Have you had an injury there in the past?” She touched the bulge with her fingertips.
“A long time ago. When I was captured in Fernland.”
Electra waited until Olaf looked at her, his face showing he did not really want to know how bad the diagnosis might be.
“My mentor, Physician Rabar, has had some success in curing tumors. I think we should go to Taz together and see what he can do for you.”
“Taz is a long way off. I have work to do here,” Olaf argued.
“The tumor will likely continue to grow and take your eyesight with it. If it grows into your brain you will not be able to continue to work.”
“Will it kill me?”
“Yes, very likely.”
Olaf took a deep breath and covered his face with his hands. Then he took his hands away and looked Electra in the eyes. “I will speak to Isa. We will decide what must be done.”
Electra put her hand on Olaf’s shoulder. “I will be happy to go with you to Taz. This treatment is one I wish to learn.”
Olaf nodded and picked up his bow and string.
Electra could see he did not want to speak more of his problem. She decided she would have more success convincing Isa of the need to take Olaf to Taz than she would have convincing Olaf.
She walked back to the School of Medicine, wondering if she should have been so adamant. Sometimes tumors were benign. They grew to a certain size and then stopped growing, causing no further damage. Still, Rabar’s treatment of saffron and herbs would not cause more damage and if the tumor was the fast growing kind, the treatment might save Olaf’s life. She was sure Isa would want to try anything to save her husband’s life.

Electra looked up from her contemplations to see a familiar group of people and animals heading toward her. Two little girls in baskets on either side of a horse, one panther, two half-grown wolves and a woman in a sorceress’s cloak – Serafina and the twins.
“Mother! Esme! Shalin! I am so happy to see you.” She ran to meet Serafina who already had her arms open for a welcoming hug.
“You have come just when I needed the comfort of family.”
“Your village grows larger with each visit,” Serafina said. “Soon you will become the Kingdom of Helsop.”
“We are not yet ready for that,” Electra said. “Come into the school. We will be able to visit undisturbed. All of Helsop has gone fishing up at Cold Lake.”
“Ah. You have already put your nets to use. And the catch was good?”
“The catch was excellent!”
“Good, then it would not be a burden if I asked you to care for the twins and the animals for a time?”
Electra’s face fell. Just when she had promised to take Olaf to Taz. But then, perhaps Isa could be the one to accompany Olaf. She was almost as skilled a healer as Electra now. And she would want to be the one to care for Olaf. Electra looked at the twins, their faces eager to see her. Electra had missed her little sisters so much.
“Of course I could take care of them,” she said.
 
Chapter 8

Village of Helsop

Electra was glad she was wearing the gold necklace with the physician’s crest Serafina had given her as a wedding present. She knew Serafina would notice. After their lunch of fish and bread they sat with their tea at the school’s dining table. The twins and Ebony the Panther had found their favorite spots under the dining table while the wolf pups sniffed their way around the perimeter of the room.
“Your ring and necklace look to share a similar craftsmanship,” Serafina noted.
Electra slid her left hand closer to Serafina. “This is the ring Dagon gave me as a wedding present. It was found by fishermen in their net long ago near the village we visited on the river Thebes. They did not know where it might have come from or how long it may have rested at the bottom of the sea.”
Serafina took the ring from Electra’s finger and looked closely at the rough golden circle with its four small sapphires. “I believe it is quite ancient. The gold is hammered. It may be the ring of an astrologer or a sorceress. The four sapphires appear to represent part of a constellation of stars.”
Electra leaned in for a closer look. “A constellation of four stars?”
Serafina brushed her thumb over the hammered gold. “I believe it might be the Pleiades. There was another stone here which has fallen out, and one more here. This may be a seventh. A seventh star in the Pleiades constellation was sometimes visible in the sky. It was called the lost sister star.”
“Fascinating,” Electra said. “Do you think the ring might have been used for some purpose?”
“Very likely it was thought to hold great power. It has been carefully crafted and may have religious significance. The Pleiades cluster of stars symbolizes harvest and rebirth to astrologers.”
Electra wrapped her hand around the ring and held it to her chest. “Thank you so much for telling me this. Now the ring seems even more of a treasure.” She noticed Serafina’s gaze still resting with concern on the hand that held the ring.  “Is there something more I should know?” she asked.
Serafina shrugged and reached for the ring. Electra opened her palm and gave it to her foster mother.  Serafina closed her eyes and held the ring against her forehead.
“I feel the presence of powerful spells laid down to protect more spells beneath—layers upon layers.  This ring holds many secrets.” Serafina dropped the ring back into Electra’s hand.
Electra looked at the ring with new respect.  “Do you think I should continue to wear it?”
“Of course.  Perhaps the fishermen found it by accident.  Perhaps Dagon was lucky enough to find it when he was searching for a lovely wedding gift.  Or, perhaps the ring found its own way to you.”  Serafina’s lips curved up into an enigmatic smirk. “I will consult some of my ancient texts to see if I can find any mention of such a ring.”
“You have ancient texts?” Electra asked, surprised.
“I have begun to collect them when opportunity presents itself. The ship captains who come into port at Henge know I have an interest and they sometimes tell me when they happen upon one.”
“I would love to see your collection of books,” Electra said.
“You have only to visit Henge,” Serafina said with a smile.
“I hope Helsop will soon settle into a less tempestuous rhythm and I will be free to do so.”
“All Helsop’s problems appear to be solved,” Serafina noted.
“The fishing boats we ordered from Fernland’s boat works have only just arrived. Everyone is involved in netting the fish and preserving them in brine for the winter ahead. I believe they will solve Helsop’s most pressing problem—food.”
“How were the boats transported?” Serafina asked.
“On large carts, specially made for the job. Would you like to see the boats?”
“Perhaps another time. I have to make a trip to Manoa to see how a business venture we have established there is faring.”
“You are going to Manoa?” Electra asked.
Serafina raised her eyebrows, wondering why Electra questioned her statement. “Yes. You find that surprising?”
“I find it a coincidence. One of our visitors, Princess Elka of Sandovia, has just received a marriage proposal from Prince Gallos, the future king of Manoa. She is going there after she leaves Helsop to become acquainted with the Royal Family.”
“Is she? That is indeed a coincidence.”
“Maybe you would like to travel with her?” Electra asked.
Serafina seemed a little distracted on hearing Electra’s suggestion. “As pleasant as that might be, I am afraid I must leave without delay. I have promised Prince Blackwell I will return from Manoa as soon as possible.”
“But you have only just arrived,” Electra protested.
“Yes, we were delayed by the early snowfall. And now I am behind schedule.” She stood up to retrieve her cloak.
Electra could not believe her mother’s sudden rush to leave. “I have not asked yet about Shalin and Esme. Have any new powers manifested which I should be apprised of?”
“Shalin is able to control the flow of water and I believe in time Esme will be able to do so as well. Controlling the wind is a short step from water. You might want to be cautious with them when they are close to rivers and streams. I know Shalin will want to practice her new abilities.”
Electra’s eyes grew wide thinking of Cold River which ran alongside the castle and through the village. She wished Serafina would stay and explain these powers more fully. “What has Shalin managed to do so far?”
“She could easily dam a stream with her mind and cause a flood, but Shalin is not inclined to such dramatic stunts. Esme would be more likely to attempt such a thing once she is able.”
Now Electra felt like blocking Serafina’s exit by any means possible. “Do you think they will follow my instructions if I forbid such a thing?”
Serafina laughed. “Of course. They are only little girls.”
“But would you not like to stay a bit to see Dagon or the finished castle? I have a patient with a tumor I would appreciate your opinion on...”
“All things I will surely do when I return. But for now I have a certain distance I must cover before nightfall.”
Serafina knelt down and kissed her daughters goodbye. “I will return soon and hear of your visits with Little Dagon. Pay attention to everything Electra says.”
Shalin and Esme were not happy to see their mother go, but the suggestion of playing with Little Dagon seemed to make up for it.
As Serafina hurried out the door of the School of Medicine, Electra knelt down to reassure the twins. “As it happens, we will actually have Little Dagon and Timor living with us for a time. Would you like to go and see them now?”
Both little girls giggled and nodded. Electra bundled the girls up for the trip to Cold Lake where Isa and her sons were busy helping with the fish catch.
She rounded up the wolves from their investigation of the students’ sleeping quarters and tied a leash to Ebony’s collar. They all walked out the door and Electra was happy to see Serafina had left the horse with the baskets tied on either side.
She deposited each twin in a basket, took the horse’s reins and Ebony’s leash and started out toward Cold Lake with the wolves following behind. She decided to avoid going too close to Cold River for the time being.

Chapter 9

Village of Helsop

Electra spotted Isa as soon as she neared Cold Lake. Isa was waving to her. Many of the villagers had stopped work to watch as the black panther and two half-grown wolves came toward them. Isa was the only one smiling and waving. She washed her hands in the lake and dried them on her skirt as Electra grew near.
“Is Serafina here?” Isa asked.
“She was, briefly. I have care of the twins while she is off to Manoa,” Electra said.
“Manoa? Why did she not want to take the twins along? Manoa is said to enjoy a warm winter climate.”
Electra had wondered the same thing herself, but had not had the opportunity to ask. “I do not know. But as it turns out, she picked an opportune time. I need to speak to you concerning Olaf.”
Isa’s face showed her worry. “You have examined him?”
“I have. It was made easier for me because he fell and injured his head this morning. I was able to say Dagon ordered me to examine him, otherwise I do not think he would have allowed it.”
“What injury? I did not know he was injured this morning.” Isa’s expression turned guarded.
“It was just a cut on his head. Nothing to worry about. But he was likely feeling dizzy when he fell into the mast. It is the dizzy spells and the growth behind his eye that concern me more.”
Isa clasped her hands together and lowered her eyes. “You think it is a tumor on his brain.”
“Yes, I do. But as it happens, my mentor, Physician Rabar, has developed a treatment for tumors that has had some success.”
Isa lifted her eyes and an expression of hope fluttered across her face. “Do you think he could help Olaf?”
“Yes, I believe it is possible. Olaf is otherwise strong and healthy. I think you should go with Olaf to Taz and try this new treatment.”
“To Taz?” Isa repeated.
“Yes. Physician Rabar has taken up residence there. The Barbaree conquerors do not know he was a former resident. They have employed some of the shipbuilders from King’s Lake to build ships for the Great Khan.”
Isa’s eyes grew wide. “We would be in a city conquered by the Great Khan?”
“I do not believe you would be in any danger. For the time being, Barbaree and Fernland are friends.”
“But Physician Rabar does not know us. Should you not be the one to ask such a favor?”
“I had intended to go but now I am enlisted to care for the twins, so I may as well care for Timor and Little Dagon at the same time. The twins are happiest when they are all together. And I am sure Olaf would prefer his wife’s company to mine. I will send along a letter to advise Physician Rabar of the situation.”
“I do not know. Has Olaf agreed to this?”
“He will want to discuss it with you but I wanted to speak to you first. It is never certain, but I believe such a tumor could lead to blindness and even to death.”
Isa covered her face with her hands. Electra heard a noise behind her and turned to see Esme attempting to crawl out of her basket. She quickly picked up the little girl and set her on the ground. Esme ran to where Little Dagon was piling pebbles in a mound at the edge of the Lake. Shalin held up her hands and Electra scooped her out as well.
Ebony the Panther followed the twins to the edge of the lake as the villagers moved quickly away. The two wolves splashed along the water line snapping at tiny fish in the water.
Isa shook her head. “I am not sure Olaf will agree to any of this. We have never been so far from home before.”
“I hope you will convince him. I can arrange passage for both of you with the Taz shipbuilders who remain in Fernland. They make trips now to Taz to keep in touch with the Caliph,” Electra said.
“What if the treatment takes a long time?”
“It is something you can learn. With the right herbs, you will be able to continue the treatment here. It would be up to you to decide when you should return. In the mean time I am here to care for the children.”
“How long will Serafina be gone?”
“She did not say. I would guess at least a month.”
“But once winter sets in, it may be impossible to reach Helsop.”
“Yes. But we will still be here come spring.” Electra smiled.
Isa sighed and seemed to collect herself. “I do not know. Nor can I speak for Olaf. But I will talk to him. I will try to convince him. Where is he?”
“He was working on making a bow when I saw him at your cottage.”
Isa looked at the children, playing now at digging a trench to make a moat around their pile of pebbles
Electra looked too, with some trepidation. She hoped Shalin would not take an opportunity to speed things along with her newly-fledged water calling powers.
“Shall I leave the children with you?” Isa asked.
“Yes, they are enjoying the day. We may not have many more days like this before the snows come in earnest.”
“Alright, I will go to speak to Olaf.”
Isa left and Electra moved closer to the lake. She could see Avor and Elka dashing across the water in the new racing boat Avor had designed for Helsop as a wedding gift. Avor looked less enthusiastic than Elka as they glided across the lake. Elka waved and pulled on the sail to turn the small, sleek craft toward shore.
As they neared shore, Elka jumped out and waded in to where Electra sat. “Would you like another turn? It is a very fast boat. Your brother designed it for speed.”
“Thank you, but I need to watch the children.” Electra pointed to the little group of castle builders.
“Is that big cat dangerous?” Elka asked, keeping her eyes on the panther.
“No. Only if someone threatens the twins. She is their protector.”
Elka waved to Avor and cupped her hands around her mouth to call out to him. “You should take Oswald out. I want to talk to your sister for a bit.”
Avor waved back and swung the boat sail around to catch the wind.
Elka sat down beside Electra on the gravel studded sand. “This is wonderful. I could stay here sailing forever,” she said.
“You are welcome to stay,” Electra said in a sincere voice.
Elka shook her head. “I must go to Manoa and meet with King Shabas’s family. It would dishonor my father if I did not.” She paused and stared down at her hand as she sifted through the sand and pebbles. When she lifted her eyes she said softly, “Avor has just now proposed marriage to me as well.”
“Avor?” Electra should not have been surprised but she was. “Did you accept?”
“I am not free to do so. I like him very much. I consider him my best friend. But I fear my father will think him too young, and King Geoffrey will very likely agree with my father. I told Avor I am obligated to visit Manoa first and then I will discuss it with my father. But Avor will need to ask King Geoffrey’s permission as well. Actually, I feel Avor may be too young to marry even though we are both the same age.”
Electra nodded. “I think you are wise to involve both your families before making a decision, though I suspected Avor had strong feelings for you.”
Elka rested her chin on her hand as she looked out at Avor, racing across the water. “It is a decision that weighs heavy.” She looked intently at Electra. “And what of you and Dagon? Have you had any regrets since marrying?”
Electra smiled. “No. We took the time to know one another before making a final decision.”
Elka nodded. “Then that is what I shall do as well.”

Chapter 10

Village of Helsop

Electra left the children to play in her old room at the School of Medicine while she taught her students the proper way to set a broken arm. The students were now practicing on one another with wooden staves and slings. Electra moved from group to group answering questions and inspecting their handmade slings.
Isa came through the door to retrieve Timor and Little Dagon. Electra excused herself from her students.
“Did you speak to Olaf?” she asked.
“I did,” Isa said.
“And what did he say?”
Isa shrugged. “He does not think his swelling is as serious as you would have him believe. He thinks it would be too hard on Timor and Little Dagon were we both to leave. He says there is no need for a decision right now.”
“But there is a need. Once the snows come...” Electra did not finish. They both knew coming or going from Helsop once winter set in would be difficult. “We must find a way to convince him.”
“I do not believe he will listen to me,” Isa said.
Electra thought for a moment. “Would he go if Dagon ordered it?”
Isa seemed shocked by the suggestion. “Yes, he likely would, but I do not believe Dagon would order such a thing.”
Electra paused. Isa was right. Dagon would not want to order something that was rightly Olaf’s decision.
Their discussion was interrupted by the arrival of Avor and Elka coming through the door of the school.
“Look who we found coming up the rise,” Avor said. Avor and Elka stepped aside and Bataar entered the school wearing a scary smile.
“I come take friend to Taz. Be first to see son of Bataar be born.”
Electra managed a weak smile. She had forgotten all about Bataar’s invitation to come to Taz to attend the birth of Odval’s baby. “Much as I would like to be there, I have committed to caring for the children of a friend. I fear I will not be able to leave Helsop for a time.”
Bataar shook his head in a sideways motion that could have meant, yes, no or I don’t care. “My friend must come. I have brought ship to Fernland. Take friend to Taz.”
“You came by ship?” Electra asked, surprised that Bataar would agree to travel by any means other than horseback.
“No. Barburee ride horse. My friend go boat – or horse – you choose.”
“You brought a ship to King’s Lake just for me?”
Bataar smiled again. “For good friend.”
Electra was overwhelmed and did not know what to say. “Come in by the fire. We will have some tea.”
The students had all stopped their pretend splinting and slinging of one another’s arms to stare at this Barburee man with bright colored clothes and shoes that came to a point at their toes. They had no doubt fixated on the word Barburee which was a word that struck fear into the hearts of weak and brave alike.
Electra donned her instructor’s voice. “Students, we will resume our practice of setting broken limbs later. You may take the remainder of the day to gather herbs or make potions.”
The students cleared the dining table of splints and slings and headed reluctantly for the door, wondering what would come of this visit by a man from Barburee. Isa stayed behind to look in on the children.
Electra busied herself with making tea while she thought of possible excuses to refuse Bataar’s invitation. She finally settled on the only one she thought might work. If Dagon refused to allow it, Bataar would have to acquiesce. With restored confidence she set some fish, bread and cheese on the dining table to go with their tea.
“I will have to ask permission of my husband to make the trip,” she said. “I would be gone for quite some time. He might not allow it.”
Bataar frowned. “Dagon not friend to Barburee?”
Electra sensed a threat behind the question. “Let me go and ask him. I will return shortly. Enjoy your tea,” she said as she left quickly.

Electra found Dagon at the command post. He looked up and smiled. “Is Olaf recovering?” 
Electra shook her head. Where should she begin? “We are faced with a multitude of problems.”
Dagon’s eyes danced with amusement. “In so short a time? Only this morning we had none.”
Electra loved to see her husband’s eyes so full of life and fun. She wondered if she really needed to burden him with all of this, and quickly decided she had no other choice. “It is as I feared with Olaf. He has a tumor that causes dizziness and loss of balance. His eyesight is impaired. I know of no cure, but Physician Rabar has done some research into finding a cure.” She took a breath before continuing, “Serafina has come and gone. She has left the twins in my care while she journeys to Manoa. And just now Bataar has arrived as well. He has brought a ship to Fernland to transport me back to Taz, to ensure I will be there when Odval gives birth to his child. And one more thing, though it does not really concern us, Avor has asked for Elka’s hand in marriage even though she already has a proposal from Prince Gallos of Manoa and my parents have not sanctioned Avor’s proposal.”
Dagon’s jaw hung open and his expression was one caught between shock and mirth. “Is this a jest?”
“No, all true.”
“All this since morning?”
“I fear it is so.”
Dagon took a deep breath. “Let us go through these developments one at a time. “You believe Olaf could be saved by Physician Rabar’s new treatment for tumors?”
“Yes, I do. Rabar has had some success with similar patients and Olaf is otherwise young and healthy.”
Dagon nodded, his expression thoughtful. “And Serafina’s twins are here now? For how long?”
“I would guess a month at least. The trip to Manoa and back would take up most of that. I should add that the twins are now in possession of new and dangerous powers.”
Dagon ran his fingers through his hair in a nervous gesture. “Dare I ask?”
“They have the power to control the flow of water in streams, or at least Shalin does, and Esme will likely follow suit.”
Dagon covered his mouth with his hand for a moment. “I see.” He let his hand fall to his lap and tilted back in his chair. “And Bataar’s request that you attend the birth of his child—would you liken it more to a request or a demand?”
“He said it was something a friend would do. When I said you might not allow me to go, he asked if you were not a friend to Barburee.”
Dagon righted his chair and stood up.  He paced back and forth, considering, before turning to face Electra. “Is it my advice you seek or my permission to do as you have already decided?”
“I have decided only that Olaf should go and seek treatment and in this he refuses. For all the rest, I am overwhelmed.”
Dagon walked behind Electra’s chair and kissed the top of her head. “I am overwhelmed us well. But do not worry, together we will work this out.”

Chapter 11

Village of Helsop

Electra and Dagon left the command center and stopped at Dorian the Blacksmith’s forge to pick up Dorian and his son, Tandor. The four walked to the cottage where Olaf and his family lived. Olaf still sat in front of his cottage where the light was better, working on his bow. He frowned when he saw his four visitors.
“I am not going to Taz,” he stated, looking up from his work.
“It is looking more and more likely that a few of us will be going,” Dagon began. “We have received an ultimatum from Barbaree.”
Olaf put down his bow, and his frown turned to an expression of curiosity. “What has happened?”
“May we all go inside to talk?” Dagon asked.
“Of course.” Olaf stood and ushered the group through the door.
When they were all seated around Olaf’s small table, Dagon began his explanation. “Bataar, son of the Great Khan, has lost one child already to problems in childbirth and his wife is soon to have another. He is most insistent that Electra be there at this birth. We think his wife, Odval, believes Electra has magic powers. Bataar has sent a ship to Fernland to transport Electra to Taz. Tandor knows where the cave containing the white powder is located and he has agreed to go again to replenish our supply, which as you know, was almost used up in fighting the Vagans and in payment to King Geoffrey for his assistance in coming to our defense – even though he arrived after the battle was fought and won by Henge. Dorian does not want his son to go alone, as the last time Tandor visited Taz, he was forced to come back overland and could well have perished in the desert. I do not want Dorian to accompany Tandor as we have promised weapons orders we cannot fill without his expertise.”
Dagon stopped to take a breath and let that information sink in. “I can pass Tandor off as Electra’s protector, since he is already known as such.” He looked at Olaf. “I could pass you off as a patient needing to see Physician Rabar if you would be willing to go.”
 Olaf bit down on his lower lip. “Isa would stay here?”
Electra spoke up. “If she is willing. She would have care of the twins until Serafina returns to collect them. I have not spoken to Isa as yet.”
Olaf nodded. “We need the white powder should the Vagans return.”
Dagon agreed. “This is true. But I would not order you to go. It is your choice.”
Olaf stood and held himself in a soldier’s stance. “I will go.”
Dagon clasped Olaf’s arm. “Very well, then. We will give Bataar our decision.”
The others stood along with Dagon and they headed for the School of Medicine.

Electra walked through the door of the School of Medicine and continued on to her old sleeping room where she found Isa mending a sock. Four children – Timor, Little Dagon, Esme and Shalin played at her feet. The two wolf pups played tug-of-war with a bone and Ebony the Panther napped in a corner.
“Would you be willing to watch the twins until Serafina returns?” Electra asked.
Isa looked up. “Yes, of course, but...”
Electra put her hand up to stop Isa’s questions. “Bataar insists I go to help his wife deliver her baby. We do not think it would be wise to refuse him, especially if something goes wrong and he decides to blame us. So I have decided to appease him. Dagon has persuaded Olaf to go along to help Tandor procure some of the exploding white powder. Olaf has agreed to go under those conditions. As long as he is there anyway, I am sure he will agree to undergo Physician Rabar’s treatment.”
Isa’s face beamed with a smile. She stood to hug Electra and tears brimmed at the corners of her eyes. “I had given up hope. Thank you. At least now he has a chance of recovery.” Isa looked at her two boys and wiped her eyes.
Electra tilted her head towards the door. “I need to speak to you about the twins.” She looked from Isa to the two little girls and found them looking back, listening to what she was about to say. “They will be happy to spend time with Timor and Little Dagon.”
Isa nodded and followed Electra out the door. “I will be right back with snacks for all of us,” Isa told the children as she left.
“What about the twins?” Isa asked as they walked away from the room.
“Shalin now has the ability to change the course of a stream. I have not seen it yet, but Serafina told me this before she left. You can see how this could be very dangerous. She believes Esme will soon be able to manage it as well. They will want to practice their new powers and will not yet be able to control them. I had thought to keep them away from streams, but a better idea may be to allow them to experiment in a controlled environment. I have spoken to Dagon of this and he will be watching out for them, too.” Electra shook her head before continuing. “It seems I am always in your debt with the favors I ask of you.”
“Please,” Isa said. “I had supposed my sons must grow up fatherless. Now there is hope. It is I who am in your debt. I am certain Olaf will be more inclined to follow your instructions concerning his treatment then he would be to follow mine.”
Electra smiled. “I am not so sure of that. But I must warn you, it may be a month or more before Serafina returns to collect the twins. I would take them with me but I will likely be gone even longer.”
Isa laughed. “By the time you return, we may have a system of irrigation canals built and a line of farms newly planted.”
Electra laughed as well. “If Little Dagon were to ask it of the twins, I believe they would not hesitate to do it.”

The next morning brought another day of sunshine and a large crowd assembled, ready to leave for Fernland.
Prince Avor, along with the shipbuilders and Palace Guards who had accompanied him to Helsop, sat mounted and ready. The long carts that had brought up the fishing boats were now loaded with Prince Oswald’s weapons order. Princess Elka and Princess Electra sat together in the royal carriage. Olaf insisted on riding along with Tandor on horseback, but agreed to ride in the carriage if he should become too dizzy to continue on horseback. Bataar and his men were stationed at the head of the procession, ready and waiting.
Dagon leaned into the carriage for a final kiss from Electra. “Do not try to return if you see snow on the plateau. Wait for the spring thaw if it seems wise.”
“See to the twins,” Electra said.
Dagon thumped the side of the carriage. The driver shouted “Hi up,” and slapped the reins.
The band of travelers set off to Fernland.

Chapter 12

The Road to Fernland

Electra and Elka dozed from time to time on the long carriage ride from Helsop to Fernland. While Elka slept, Electra wondered what King Geoffrey would say when he learned of Avor’s marriage proposal. She looked out the window of the carriage and watched the forest roll by, noting many of the trees already in their leafless winter dress.
Elka’s voice broke into her thoughts. “We have so few trees in Sandovia. Your dense forests amaze me.”
“Tell me about your kingdom,” Electra said. “I have never been to Sandovia.”
“We have miles of sandy beaches and rocky coastline. Our main industry is coal but we also mine a little lead, sometimes laced with silver. Our pirates always hope to capture ships carrying silver but usually are disappointed. They once captured our chief mining engineer and my father made the mistake of paying a ransom to retrieve him. Now they are ever hopeful of capturing a member of the Royal Family.”
Electra nodded. “I see now why he is so protective of you.”
“Avor tells me you were once captured yourself – by your husband Dagon.”
Electra smiled. “This is true. Helsop and Fernland were at war, if there can be a war between an elephant and a flea.”
“How did you come to be engaged to your kidnapper?”
“He thought Avor and me too young to be spies. He did not know what to make of us. Avor managed to escape but I was taken to Helsop. I saw the plight of people there and felt compelled to help. Isa thinks I saved her life and that of little Dagon. When Dagon found out I was King Geoffrey’s daughter, he still offered me my freedom in gratitude for my help at the clinic. I perceived a certain integrity in that gesture. He proposed marriage and I set out to prove him an opportunist, but found instead a real affection on both sides.” She shrugged. “It is one of those strange twists of fate that has made all the difference to Helsop’s economy.”
Elka listened intently. “A crossroads, a twist of fate, a chance encounter – so often the unexpected is at work in our lives.”
Electra had tried not to influence Elka’s thinking on their long trip, but as they drew closer to Fernland’s castle, her curiosity got the better of her. She clasped her hands together and leaned forward in the carriage to ask Elka the question she feared to ask.
“I suppose Avor will tell our father about his marriage proposal as soon as he is able. What would you do if King Geoffrey agrees to it?”
Princes Elka looked out the carriage window. “In truth, I do not know. I do not imagine King Geoffrey would agree to it but if he did, I would defer an answer until I have visited Manoa since Prince Gallos’ offer came first. I will likely try to defer an answer there as well. I do not feel ready to make such a decision.”
Electra breathed a little easier. She knew her brother would be devastated by a rejection. “Then you are wise to wait. It is a thing you should feel certain about.”

The royal carriage pulled to a stop in front of the castle. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were standing on the steps of the castle, waving.
Queen Delphinia’s eyes grew large as she looked into the carriage and saw not only Princess Elka, but her daughter, Electra, as well.
“Electra! What a wonderful surprise.” Delphinia’s face turned cautious. “Is all well at Helsop?”
Electra laughed. “Never better. I am surprised myself to be here.”
Electra stepped out of the carriage followed by Princess Elka. Delphinia hugged them both.
Prince Avor rode up next to Bataar. He dismounted and handed his reins to a waiting groom. Delphinia rushed to hug him as well.
“We were so worried when the rain began. We imagined you may have been mired in ice and snow,” Delphinia said.
“It was a close call,” Avor replied, “we were barely able to scale the plateau and deliver the boats.”
Delphinia turned to Bataar with a welcoming smile. “And Bataar. How have you and your men come to be included in this group?”
“I come, take Electra. Boat come soon from Taz. Maybe here now?”
Queen Delphinia looked at King Geoffrey. “Have we a boat from Taz at the lake?”
Geoffrey shrugged. “I do not know. I will find out.” He looked at Bataar. “What do you mean, you are taking Electra to Taz?” Geoffrey looked from Bataar to Electra, his expression tight and cautious.
Electra decided it was best to clear things up before her father managed to make the situation worse. “I told Bataar I would go to be with Odval when her child is born. It is a thing she requested many months ago. Bataar is bringing one of his new ships to take me there.”
King Geoffrey frowned. “You might have told us sooner.”
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “It slipped my mind with all the excitement of the wedding.”
“Quite understandable, My Dear,” her mother said. “You must all come inside to visit. We have so much to talk about.”
Prince Avor looked at his father with an anxious expression. “Father, I need to speak to you privately as soon as possible.”
King Geoffrey stared at his son for a moment. Then he gave a suspicious glance in Bataar’s direction. “Of course. Come with me to the throne room.”
Bataar smiled at Avor and clapped him on the back in a friendly gesture. “I see friend later.” He gave Avor a knowing look.

Prince Avor followed King Geoffrey to the throne room and took a seat at the round table below the elevated thrones.
“Is Barburee up to some new mischief?” King Geoffrey asked.
Prince Avor shook his head. “No. Nothing like that. This is a personal matter.”
King Geoffrey heaved a dramatic sigh. “Not the boat works again, I hope.”
Prince Avor frowned. “I have asked Princess Elka to marry me. I hope you will give me your blessing.”
King Geoffrey’s jaw fell. “You did what?” he demanded.
Prince Avor steeled himself. “I have asked Princess Elka to marry me. I love her.”
Geoffrey leaned in closer to his son. “She is promised to Prince Gallos! What are you thinking?”
Prince Avor’s expression was defiant. “She has not yet accepted his proposal. You should understand. You yourself broke an engagement for the sake of love.”
King Geoffrey’s face flushed a vivid red. “I was older. I was already King of Fernland. You are sixteen. You are not old enough to marry anyone, let alone a girl already allied with a friendly kingdom. What would King Shabas think of such an affront?”
“I have no choice but to follow my heart,” Prince Avor insisted.
King Geoffrey stood up and took a few paces away from the table before turning back. His expression softened. “I understand what you are feeling. Princess Elka is a beautiful girl. She would make you an excellent wife were you ready for such a step. But surely you realize sixteen is too young to take on such a responsibility?”
“We could have a long engagement as Electra did,” Avor argued.
“And what of Prince Gallos?”
“Her father asked only that she go and visit the family. She can make her own decision.”
King Geoffrey sighed again and looked at his son with a pained expression. “What did she say when you proposed marriage to her?”
“She said she did not think either of our fathers would allow it. She said she must first visit Manoa as she has committed to that. She said she did not feel ready to marry as yet.”
“There you have it then. Even she agrees you are too young. Do you not see that as a rejection?”
“No. I do not. I see it as a deferral. I believe there is still hope if you will allow it.” Prince Avor’s face took on a stubborn expression.
King Geoffrey held his arms out, palms up. “The best I can do then, is nothing. I will wait to see what comes of this visit to Manoa. If she rejects the proposal we will wait to see what outcome that produces. At such a time as she feels ready to marry we will decide if you have reached an age that makes such a thing appropriate and then I will give my permission.”
Prince Avor held his breath. “And what age might that be?”
King Geoffrey considered for a moment before speaking. “I believe twenty one would be a suitable age.”
Prince Avor looked at his father with a wounded expression, turned and walked out of the throne room without another word.

Chapter 13

Kingdom of Fernland

That evening Queen Delphinia arranged for Take and his acting troupe to provide music and a small show of magic for her guests from Sandovia. Their ship, the King Gundar, was still anchored at King’s Lake awaiting the return of Prince Oswald and Princess Elka to continue on to Manoa. Oswald sent his weapons shipment on to the lake to be loaded on board for an early morning departure.
Electra saw her old students, Juanita and Esmeralda, preparing to dance for the guests and quickly moved to speak to them.
“I saw you both at the performance before my wedding, but did not have a chance to speak to you.  Are you living here in Fernland now?”
“We have joined Take’s acting troupe. We’ve been staying down at King’s Lake at the living quarters next to the theater,” Juanita said.
“Does that mean you are not coming back to the School of Medicine?” Electra asked.
Both the girls shrugged. “Do you miss us?” Esmeralda asked in a scornful tone of voice.
 “As it happens, I do.” Electra smiled. She was almost glad to see Esmeralda still maintained her haughty exterior. She had wondered what would happen to them in Henge, after they both left Helsop in a carriage with Take and old King Blackwell.
Juanita laughed. “Truth be told we miss Helsop, too – though we are better fed here. Take the Thief has given us a chance to do what we do best. We dance and act in his performances.” Juanita leaned in close and whispered in Electra’s ear. “I believe he is a little sweet on me.”
Electra was shocked. She could not imagine Take the Thief with a girlfriend. “Has he made peace with old King Blackwell being his father?” Electra asked.
Juanita smirked. “He is not one to take advantage of such a relationship. He prefers to keep his distance from Henge as long as Serafina is there. I, on the other hand, tell him he should make the most of it.”
Electra lowered her voice and move closer so as not to be overheard. “Serafina is gone for a month or two. You must stop for a visit in Helsop the next time you journey to Henge. I believe we could afford to pay you for a performance and the people of Helsop would be delighted. They have never witnessed such an exhibition of illusion.”
Juanita shrugged. “Perhaps,” she said. “I will mention the possibility to Take.”
Electra ignored Juanita’s feigned indifference. “I will not keep you from your performance. You both seem happy here and I am happy for you.”
Electra watched Take the Thief as he plucked a copper coin from behind a child’s ear and handed it to the delighted child. She saw him turn in Juanita’s direction as the girls began to dance for the crowd gathered in the Great Hall. He smiled at the gypsy girl and Juanita flipped her hair in response.
Electra walked away shaking her head – Juanita and Take the Thief. She wondered what old King Blackwell would think of that match.
Electra saw her brother, Avor, and was about to ask him if he had spoken to King Geoffrey of his marriage proposal but she stopped when she saw his expression.
Prince Avor stood off to the side of the room, making no attempt to greet the guests. He seemed lost in thought, but not in a good way. His distant stare was cold and forbidding, as though he were coming to terms with an unwelcome decision. He must have spoken to their father and been denied permission to marry.
Princess Elka was heading in Avor’s direction. Electra watched as Avor spoke to her. Elka only nodded once or twice as Avor spoke. Elka put her hand on Avor’s arm in a gesture meant to soothe.
Prince Avor looked at Elka for a long moment, then leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on her cheek. Elka seemed surprised. Avor quickly turned and left the Great Hall.
Electra searched the room, trying to locate her mother and father. She saw them speaking to Prince Oswald, introducing him to their minister of finance. They had not seen Prince Avor leave. She wondered if she should tell them and decided against it. This was between Prince Avor and Princess Elka.
 
At dinner Electra was seated next to Princess Elka, who was seated next to Queen Delphinia in honor of her visit. Prince Oswald was seated next to King Geoffrey and the seat on the other side of Prince Oswald remained empty. Queen Delphinia looked around the table anxiously, glancing at the empty chair where Prince Avor should have been.  She whispered something in King Geoffrey’s ear.
King Geoffrey looked briefly at the empty chair, then summoned a servant. He spoke to the servant in a voice too low for the other diners to hear. The servant ran off and returned a few minutes later to speak to the King.
Electra listened, but could not quite make out what the servant said. She thought she heard the words ‘King’s Lake’.
Queen Delphinia looked at Electra. “Did Prince Avor say anything to you about going to King’s Lake?” she asked.
Electra shook her head. “I saw him earlier in the Great Hall just before dinner was called, but I did not have a chance to speak to him.”
Queen Delphinia excused herself from the table. “I will just make sure he is all right.”
King Geoffrey pulled her back down into her chair. “I spoke to him earlier. He is upset. I will talk to you later about it. We should let it be for now.”
Queen Delphinia gave her husband a suspicious glance but resumed her seat and settled her attention on Princess Elka.
“Will you be stopping here in Fernland on your return trip from Manoa?” Delphinia asked. “We would love to hear your impressions. I have heard Manoa is quite the tropical paradise.”
“I have heard that as well. I am anxious to see it for myself. As to your question – I do not know if we will be stopping here on our return. I imagine not. Oswald is eager to get our new weapons purchase across the sea to Sandovia.”
Elka and Delphinia continued to chat until Geoffrey drew his wife’s attention away with a question.
Electra leaned in close to Elka. “Do you know where Avor has gone?” she asked.
Elka shook her head and a blond curl escaped to fall on her shoulder. “No. I spoke to him earlier. As I suspected, King Geoffrey refused to back his proposal, thinking him too young.” She paused and pushed the strand of hair behind her ear. “He asked me a strange question. He asked how long I would like to wait before I felt ready to be married.”
“What did you tell him?” Electra asked, too curious to stop herself.
“Only that I hoped to wait until I found my own direction, however long it took. I told him what ever happened I would always think of him as my best friend and I hoped he would think of me in kind.”

The next morning Electra rode with her mother, father and Princess Elka to King’s Lake where they would bid Elka and Oswald farewell.
The ship was already bustling with activity as Elka and Oswald were rowed out to board. Elka had seemed disappointed that Avor was not there to see her off.
A palace guardsman was dispatched to find Bataar and Avor down near the boat works where Bataar and his men liked to stay. The palace guardsman rode back a few minutes later, dismounted and saluted to King Geoffrey.
“Haddad and his men report that Prince Avor spent the night here but he left this morning with Bataar and his men. He told Haddad he would see him in Taz.”
Queen Delphinia looked shocked. King Geoffrey winced at the news. The King Gundar set sail. Elka and Oswald waved from the deck but Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey did not notice. King Geoffrey was already issuing orders. “Call out the Captain of the Guard. Assemble our fastest riders.”
King Geoffrey glanced at his wife’s frightened face and felt a wave of guilt wash over him. He took Delphinia’s hand. “We will find him. We will bring him back,” he promised. “It was only a misunderstanding.”

Chapter 14

The Desert

A few days into his journey to Taz, Prince Avor felt like a new man. He harbored no guilt over leaving as he had, with no word to his parents. He had told Haddad he was going to Taz with Bataar. Haddad had no reason to keep that information secret. His parents would be upset certainly, but for some reason he just did not care. If they needed him, they knew where to find him.
Avor looked down at the vast desert spread before him. It was a huge rumpled quilt of golden sand interspersed with tiny scattered patches of green where water bubbled to the surface. He knew that when they completed their descent from this last mountainside, the streams would quickly diminish. They would begin to ride from one oasis to the next, always adjusting their travel to camp near the scarce sources of water. He spurred his horse forward to ride alongside Bataar.
“How long to the first oasis?” Avor asked his friend.
“Two days. Stream there one day, gone next day.” He pointed to the foot of the mountain they were descending. Then he pointed to a dark cloud on the horizon. “Big blow come.”
Prince Avor squinted his eyes, then grinned. “Sand storm?” he asked, barely containing his excitement. He had heard of sandstorms in the desert, but never experienced one. “Should we set up the tents?” he asked.
“We ride fast. Set up at stream,” Bataar said. He set his horse running with the heels of his leather boots.
Avor snapped his reins and took off after Bataar.

An hour later they were at the foot of the mountain. The wind picked up speed as they watered their horses and assembled a yurt. Grains of sand bit into Avor’s face when he left the trees to lead his horse to the shelter of a boulder. After hobbling his horse he climbed into the round tent with his five traveling companions.
They spoke to one another in their Barburee tongue and Avor tried to pick up the gist of their conversation. He thought he heard the Barburee word for ‘bones’ bandied about but was not sure. He had asked Bataar to begin teaching him the language but Bataar did not seem to have the patience needed for teaching. Avor decided he would have to try to pick it up on his own.
After a time the men slept and Avor found himself dozing off as well. He awoke to a new sound – silence. The wind and sand had howled around them for hours. It was dark now, but when they dug out through the sand that had piled up around their yurt, they found the night lit by a full moon.
The men pulled their blankets around them and stared out at the altered landscape. Sand and pebbles were piled up against the side of the mountain. Bataar looked out over the moonlit desert and spoke in hushed tones to his men. He turned to Avor. “We go see big bones,” he said. “Wind make see good.”
Avor had many questions but he knew now was not the time to ask them. The men were already whistling for their horses, ready to go. Avor did the same and his horse, Sassafras, peeked out from behind the boulder, looking skittish from the sandstorm, but uninjured.
They rode northeast across the desert over no discernible path. The men looked to the sky full of bright stars to find their direction. Just as the sky began to light in the east, Bataar held up his hand and dismounted.
There in the wind swept desert he pointed to a long line of bones.
Avor jumped down from his horse and walked closer. He had never seen anything like it. It looked a little like the skeleton of a giant lizard, but no lizard grew to this length. The tail section must have been over twenty feet long. The head, which looked to be freshly uncovered, was that of a frightening monster. The jaw bones were enormous, the length of a man. Avor shivered to think what this monster would have looked like in life.
“This is a desert animal?” Avor asked, trying to keep his voice matter of fact.
Bataar shook his head. “We never see. Only bones.”
Avor looked around, wondering if such an animal still lived here.
Bataar picked up a loose bone fragment and inspected it. He smiled and tossed it to Avor.
Avor caught it and was surprised to find it the consistency of a rock. He looked at the tail bones again and wondered if it could be a rock formation. Certainly the head of the beast was no rock formation. He tossed the fragment back to Bataar who replaced it where he had found it.
“Much magic here,” Bataar said.
Avor nodded in agreement. They mounted up as the sun peeked over the horizon, lighting the desert with a warm rosy glow.
“We go new way,” Bataar said. “Much water now.”
Avor mounted up, happy to go any way Bataar saw fit to lead. He did not know a person could feel so free and alive. The urge to explore welled up in him like a force. What other wonders might this desert hold? How much had he missed all these years living a sedentary life in one place? He had a lot to make up for. He realized with a jolt that he had not thought of Elka for a whole day and a night. She was likely halfway to Manoa by now. Avor smiled. He himself was going “a new way” in Bataar’s words, and the thought was exhilarating.
One of the men yelled out a word new to Avor. They gathered around the man and looked in the direction he pointed. Evidently the word meant tracks, for Avor could see the fresh prints of a camel.
Bataar rode ahead and shouted the same word. They followed the camel tracks through the desert to a tent pitched under a grove of date palms. Bataar signaled a stop and drew his men around him.
He looked briefly at Avor and said, “May be traders, may be bandits.” Then he continued to speak to his men in the Barburee tongue.
The men split up and circled the camp. Bataar took his bow and arrows from his shoulder and lay an arrow in the notch.
Avor drew out his own bow and arrows and did the same. His heart was racing and he did not know exactly what plan the Barburee men had in mind.
Bataar rode close to the tent and shouted out a few words that may have been a command, a warning or a greeting.
Two men came out of the tent carrying curved knives. Bataar’s men drew their bow strings to the ready as Bataar studied the strangers. He asked another question and the two men laughed. One went back into his tent and came out with a cup that steamed in the cold air.
Avor held his bow string taut. Bataar looked at him, his expression showing his approval of Avor’s readiness.
“Is trader. We have tea,” he said as he dismounted.

Chapter 15

The Desert

Avor, Bataar, and his men crowded into the tent with the two traders. A third trader was tending a little fire inside. He ladled tea from a pot into small cups.
Bataar spoke to the traders in the Barburee tongue. Avor caught words here and there. The word ‘bones’ would explain the camel tracks they had followed to this oasis. The traders had evidently been interested in seeing the bones as well. Perhaps they had considered taking them for possible trade but decided against it.
Avor saw that the conversation had taken a more serious turn by the expressions on the men’s faces. He heard the Barburee word for “bandits” several times accompanied by multiple hand gestures and much pointing of fingers. During a lull in the conversation Avor leaned in Bataar’s direction. “Have they had trouble with bandits?” he asked.
Bataar gave a sideways nod that could have meant yes or no. “Come here, no bandits,” he said.
Avor thought about this as conversation resumed. He decided he really must learn the language as soon as possible. He wished his old friend, Hilgard the Language Student, were here to teach him.
The men finished their tea and there seemed to be some agreement among the traders and the Barburee men.
Bataar stood up, dusted off his clothes with his hands and announced to Avor, “We go, killed bandits.”
The men followed him out of the tent and mounted up. Avor desperately wished Bataar was more of a talker. He was not against killing bandits in theory, but he did not like having to trust someone else’s judgment of a situation. He had so many questions – What had the bandits done? How far away were they? What was the plan of attack?  Since he could not decide where to begin with his questions nor what to do with the answers, he asked none of them.

They rode for several hours and ended at a city of ruins sheltered on the west by a large sand dune. The ruins consisted of a broken stone wall around a large group of collapsed stone buildings. It looked to be a very ancient city turned now to rubble. A small spring surrounded by a few trees survived at the southeast corner of the ruined city. It was likely the spring ran dry in the summer months.
They approached cautiously, bows drawn, but the place looked to be deserted. They led their horses to the spring near the trees and set about exploring the ruins. One of the traders called out within a few minutes.
The men gathered around one of the ancient stone buildings that still had three partial standing walls. In the corner of the intact walls was stored a cache of plundered goods. They found bolts of silk, silver and gold figurines, utensils, jewelry, spices and other precious goods.
The bandits were likely off stalking the main caravan route for more plunder.
Bataar walked the perimeter of the outer stone wall, finding the best hiding places from which to launch a surprise attack on the returning bandits. He stationed men in these positions and took the horses behind the northern wall to hide them as well.
There was no possibility of posting lookouts to give themselves advance warning of the bandits’ return. The area around the ruins, with the exception of the giant sand dune, was flat from horizon to horizon. Anyone on the side of the dune could be seen from far off as well, unless they were buried in sand.
Avor wondered at this strategy. It could be a long time before the bandits returned. The bandits might see their tracks and abandon their stolen goods rather than risk attack. He soon realized that Bataar had already thought of this. Three of his men rode out to sweep the desert clear of tracks. Avor pulled his blanket around him and hunkered down for a long wait.
After several hours, Bataar sent a man up the dune to search for any sign of approaching men. The man returned, evidently seeing nothing. Several times Bataar put his head to the ground listening for sounds of approaching camels or horses.
Avor slept off and on, confident that someone would wake him if the bandits were sighted. Near dusk, he was awakened from a light sleep by one of the traders. The man put his finger to his lips and pointed out to the south.
Avor was instantly wide-awake. He grabbed his bow, fitted in an arrow and peered through a narrow opening in the wall that shielded him from sight.
The trader pointed to where Bataar stood, ready to give the signal to attack. Avor nodded and the trader moved on to his place further down the wall.
Bataar waited until the men were actually entering the ruins. They were ten in number. They rode horses but were leading two camels, heavy laden with goods. By the time Bataar gave the signal to attack, half of the bandits were already inside the outer wall.
Arrows flew and four of the five thieves went down. Bataar jumped up on the wall and dispatched two more bandits in quick succession. His men were quick to take out the remaining four before they could gather their wits and make a run for it. Avor thought he had hit one of the bandits with his first shot but could not be sure as so many arrows were flying through the air at the same time. Bataar’s men held up their bows in triumph and shouted insults at the dead and dying bandits.
The traders were already leading the two camels forward, anxious to see what additional goods they carried.
Avor wondered briefly if Bataar would try to find the rightful owners of the stolen goods, but abandoned that notion as he watched the victors begin to divide the spoils. He heard one of the wounded bandits cry out but that bandit was quickly put to the sword by one of Bataar’s men.
Bataar gestured to Avor to come and take a share of the plundered goods. Avor had no desire to do so, but guessed rightly that his reluctance would be taken as an insult to the Barburee men.
He accepted a small jade sculpture of an elephant and a necklace of gold and emeralds as his share of the plunder. He felt very much an outsider as the men built a fire, made tea and opened packets of plundered food to celebrate their victory over the bandits. As the men sang songs of war and triumph around the campfire, Avor walked around the ruined city wondering who had lived here and what calamity had been the ancient city’s undoing.

Chapter 16

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra spent another uneasy night in her old room at Fernland’s castle. The prevailing mood at the castle was not conducive to rest and relaxation. Her mother and father were speaking politely to one another but she knew her mother blamed her father for Prince Avor’s sudden departure. Electra kept as quiet as possible, hoping neither would find a way to blame her for Avor’s leaving. She always felt she was walking a tight rope between Serafina and her birth parents with both sides claiming her as daughter, and both ready to challenge her allegiance to the other.
Her thoughts turned to Avor’s flight to Taz. She wondered if her brother had left in anger at his father or in despair over Elka’s reaction to his proposal. She finally gave up trying to sleep longer and walked to her closet. She chose a dark blue dress to wear to breakfast, somber but dignified, to match the mood around the castle. She hoped fervently that the ship to take her, Olaf and Tandor to Taz would arrive soon.

Electra knocked softly on the door of the Royal Family dining room before entering, in case her parents were involved in an argument. She preferred to pretend as they were doing, that nothing was wrong between them.
Both her parents were watching silently as the door opened.
“Electra, My Dear,” Queen Delphinia cooed. “I trust you have slept well.”
Queen Delphinia looked as though she had been crying. Her eyes were red and swollen.
“Good morning Mother, Father.” Electra smiled at each in turn. “I slept very well, thank you for asking.”
King Geoffrey’s lips twisted into a ring of discontent, but he said nothing.
Delphinia took up the conversation as Electra seated herself at the table. “We have just been notified that a fleet of ships has been sighted closing on the estuary. One is likely the ship Bataar has sent to carry you and your men to Taz.”
“The Caliph is likely aboard one of them,” Electra rushed to note before her mother could complain about losing all her children to Taz.
“Yes.” Queen Delphinia cast an annoyed glance at King Geoffrey. “No doubt he has brought ships enough to transport all the boat workers back to Taz.”
Electra looked up in surprise. “The refugees are returning to Taz?”
“Yes. Your father thought it best to close the boat works down, though I believe Avor thought it foolish to close down such a profitable industry.” Queen Delphinia blotted her lips on her handkerchief.
King Geoffrey looked up at his wife quizzically – probably wondering if she realized he was still in the room. Queen Delphinia had never questioned one of his decrees before – even obliquely – as she seemed to be doing now. “Their two years are up and the barge is finished,” he said in his defense.
“Yes, of course.” Delphinia turned again to Electra. “The Caliph may have some new ideas about negotiating as far as that goes. He always seems full of good ideas, do you not agree?”
Electra was on guard. What was her mother trying to accomplish and what did she expect Electra could do to help? “Umm, certainly the Caliph will be happy to see you. He may have news from Taz which could lead to a ... a change of plans?”
Electra gave a tentative glance in her father’s direction and wondered if it was too soon to leave the table. She took a large bite of bread, mostly to engage her mouth.
“Exactly,” Queen Delphinia stated. “As events change, one must be prepared to change with them.” She smiled at Electra.
Electra gulped down her bread with a large sip of tea, scalding her throat in the process. “I should probably pack for the journey in case they plan a quick departure.” She stood up to make for the door.
King Geoffrey’s voice caught her before she managed her escape. “I should like to speak to you in the throne room once you are finished with your packing.”
“And I will come with you to help you pack,” Queen Delphinia said, rising to follow Electra out the door.

Queen Delphinia closed the door to Electra’s room and sat on the bed while Electra rummaged around in her belongings. She really had nothing to pack as she had not bothered to unpack on her arrival from Helsop.
Queen Delphinia gave her daughter a beseeching glance. “We must find a way to bring Avor back.” She pulled out a loose thread on the coverlet. “Do you know why your brother left? Was it because King Geoffrey closed the boat works?”
Electra wondered how much her mother knew of Avor’s affection for Elka. Had King Geoffrey told her of his refusal to support Avor in his proposal of marriage? “I did not know about the boat works. That is – I did not know its closure was imminent. I believe Avor may have been shaken to learn of Elka’s possible betrothal to Prince Gallos of Sandovia. I think he may have had some romantic notion of a relationship with her.”
Delphinia nodded. “I wondered about that as well. Do you suppose he was in love with her but too shy to make his feelings known?”
“I think it possible,” Electra said, avoiding eye contact.
“Perhaps he left with a broken heart,” Delphinia mused. “I saw him staring at her on occasion.”
“I noticed that as well,” Electra agreed.
“You must find out. If this is the problem he must know we will do all we are able to help him. Perhaps it is not too late.”
Electra closed her eyes and pressed her lips together in frustration. Should she tell her mother all she knew and give away her father’s actions? She decided she would wait and see first what her father had to say when she met with him in the throne room. “I will no doubt see Avor in Taz. Perhaps, as you say, an offer to help win Elka’s affections would bring him home.”
Her mother’s face reflected her new feelings of hope. “Yes. You must find the key that will bring him back – whatever it is. I know that we can count on you.” Delphinia held her hands close to her chest.

Electra found her father alone in the throne room. He made an unsuccessful effort to change his frown into a smile when she moved to join him at the round table at the foot of the thrones.
“Thank you for coming.” His eyes fixed on her. “What do you know of Avor’s reasons for leaving like a thief in the night?”
“I know he was unhappy about the closing of the boat works and in despair over losing Elka.”
“And how much do you know about his losing Elka?”
“I know he proposed marriage and you refused to give your permission.”
King Geoffrey frowned more deeply “I should have made you my chief spy instead of Muller.” His sarcasm faded as a new thought struck him. “Did you tell your mother?”
“Not yet. I thought I should hear what you have to say first.”
“Thank you for that.” He stood and walked toward the window. “Am I the only one who thinks him too young to marry?”
“No, Elka agrees with you. She thought her father would object on those grounds as well.”
King Geoffrey turned to stare at her. “Well then.”  His surprise turned to bewilderment. “Then why did he leave?”
“I believe he was brokenhearted, but that is just a guess.”
“Brokenhearted. I see.” He sat back down to gather his thoughts.
“Tell him I will reopen the boat works and call back the refugees if he will return.”
Electra shrugged. “I will tell him, but he may need some time alone to recover his equilibrium.”
“Tell him he may have whatever time alone he needs down at King’s Lake,” King Geoffrey said in a gruff voice.”

Chapter 17

King’s Lake in Fernland

 Electra, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia waited onshore as one ship after another sailed into King’s Lake and set anchor. The Taz men and their families were gathered onshore as well, packed and ready to leave King’s Lake to return to their old homes in Taz. The only difference would be that they would now be refugees in their own land. The Great Khan had conquered Taz more than two years before and did not know that the shipbuilders he was bringing in to build his fleet of ships were the same men who had barely escaped the Great Khan’s invading army and fled to King’s Lake in Fernland.
Electra suspected that the Taz men’s leader, the Caliph, would make a last-minute proposal to King Geoffrey to keep at least some of his men stationed here at King’s Lake. This would give her father the opportunity to redeem himself in Queen Delphinia’s eyes by graciously accepting the Caliph’s offer.
They all waved as they saw the elderly Caliph step carefully down the rope ladder and into the first shore boat. His oarsman rowed him quickly to shore and the Caliph stepped out onto the sand, smiling at the Royal Family.
“My friends,” he said, holding his hand over his heart as he bowed before them. “How good of you to come to say goodbye to your faithful servant. How I will treasure your hospitality over the years and the memories of the good times we have shared. And now we will have the privilege of transporting the Princess Electra for a visit to our beautiful homeland. We are so honored to have her company.”
King Geoffrey waited a few seconds, wondering if that was the end of the Caliph’s opening statement. As the silence lengthened, it seemed that it was.
Queen Delphinia stepped forward and took the Caliph’s hand. “We are equally honored by your visit. We have prepared a lunch in your honor and we hope you might stay and visit for a few days before returning to Taz.”
The Caliph bowed again, solemnly. “Alas, we must return without delay. The Great Khan’s son, Bataar, is most insistent that the renowned physician, Princess Electra, be present at the birth of his son. We have been delayed for some days in our arrival and now I fear, we must not tarry lest we arrive too late for her to attend the birth.”
“You must leave at once?” King Geoffrey echoed, his eyes showing his surprise.
“I fear it is so,” the Caliph said. “But you must both come and visit us in Taz. My heart breaks at the thought of never seeing my good friends again.”
King Geoffrey seemed blindsided. He had evidently not anticipated this rapid departure. “It will take some time to transport all your people and their belongings to the ships.”
“Yes, we must begin without delay,” the Caliph said.
“Might we have just a few minutes to chat with you and Haddad before you begin?” King Geoffrey asked in an anxious voice.
“Yes, of course,” the Caliph said with a curious expression. He gestured to his oarsman and gave him an order in the Taz language. “I have sent for Haddad.”

A few minutes later, after an awkward conversation about the storm at sea and the weather in Fernland, Haddad galloped up on his horse. He hugged his father, the Caliph, and looked at King Geoffrey.
King Geoffrey cleared his throat and stood up straight. “I know we had a contract of sorts for a two-year period of time in which a barge would be built and sanctuary would be granted. We all expected that would be the extent of our relationship. And I am sure you are all eager to return to your homeland, albeit now a conquered land. But I understand from my son, Avor, that new orders for fishing boats have been made and with the uncertainty of living in a conquered land, you might be interested in leaving a small population of workers here as a failsafe of sorts.”
Haddad looked puzzled. “I thought you wanted us all to leave.”
“That was the agreement of course, but we could now make a new agreement if the proposal interests you.” King Geoffrey tried to assume a casual air, as though it was a minor consideration.
Haddad glanced at his father and saw the Caliph appeared puzzled by the offer as well.
Haddad shrugged. “I have always been in favor of keeping a failsafe remnant here at King’s Lake. I believe Prince Avor favored the idea as well. I would be willing to stay.”
The Caliph shook his head. “Bataar has asked specifically that you return to Taz as he has identified you now as our master shipbuilder.”
No one mentioned that this might have been a better plan had they been notified earlier, but it was still an obvious fact, even if unspoken.
Haddad glanced at his father as he spoke to King Geoffrey. “I could leave my son Jared and some of the younger men. I have been worried about taking them back to Taz where they are apt to start trouble with our new Barburee masters.” 
“That might work,” King Geoffrey agreed, a bit too eagerly. “Prince Avor is friends with Jared. He would likely stay on at the boat works if that were the case. You could instruct them to begin work on one of Prince Avor’s boat designs.”
Queen Delphinia was quick to add her own encouragement. “I think he would be very keen to work with those he called teammates in the sport of buzkashi.”
“But Prince Avor left with Bataar. He is on his way to Taz,” Haddad said.
“Yes, you must let him know he should not stay too long, as he will be needed now at the boat works,” Queen Delphinia said with a bright smile.
Haddad shrugged again and looked at his father. “Should I then tell some of the young men that they might stay here to work?”
“Of course, if that would please our good friends, it must be done,” the Caliph said graciously.
“Wonderful,” Queen Delphinia said. “You must come back to the castle for lunch where we will celebrate our new agreement.”
The Caliph smiled and allowed himself to be led forward to the waiting carriage.

Later that afternoon, after the Taz refugees had been sorted, and those chosen to leave, taken aboard, the royal carriage returned with the Caliph, the Royal Family and Princess Electra’s luggage and gifts. A shore boat waited to take the final passengers, Electra and the Caliph, to their ship.
Electra turned to her parents to say goodbye, and her mother brought out her handkerchief.
“This is all happening so fast,” Queen Delphinia said, hugging her daughter. She leaned in close to whisper in her daughter’s ear. “Tell Avor he must come home at once so that we can send word to King Gundar that Princess Elka has had a second proposal of marriage.”
Electra nodded, then hugged her father as she whispered in his ear. “She plans to tell King Gundar that Avor has also proposed marriage to his daughter.”
Electra gathered her belongings to drop in the shore boat.  She watched her parents standing beside one another, each one reluctant to look at the other, as the oarsman rowed her and the Caliph to their waiting ship.

Chapter 18

Manoa

Serafina watched from the railing of the Pride of Manoa as White Cliffs Island came into view on the starboard side. It looked as though a few shacks had been erected on the far side of the island where the guano was collected.
The ship turned away from the island and began its approach into Manoa’s main harbor. Here in Manoa, Serafina was known as an old woman who came south to soothe aches and pains in a warmer climate.  On her previous visit she had made friends with Rose, a pretty blind girl who sold flowers at a stall near the wharf.
Serafina and Rose had supposedly been fishing near White Cliffs Island when their boat overturned. Tristan, White Cliffs’ reclusive owner, had been forced to allow them on his private island, where he soon fell in love with Rose.
No one, not even Rose, knew Serafina had purposely come to White Cliffs looking for a source of the white powder needed in the production of the world’s newest and most lethal weapon to date—exploding arrows.
 On this, her second trip to Manoa, Serafina noted that the flower stall in the marketplace had been taken over by a seller of spices. Rose must have sold it to him after her marriage to Tristan. Waiting until most of the passengers had disembarked, Serafina leaned heavily on her cane before walking down the gangplank into the busy market place. She looked for any changes from her last visit as she climbed the hill sheltering the port.
The inn on the hillside was still in business and Serafina was glad to see the same innkeeper still in residence.
“Serafina!” he said, as soon as she walked through the door. “As I live and breathe, I hoped I might see you walk through my door again one day. How have you fared these many months?”
“I have fared well,” Serafina said, leaning on her cane. She wore the same disguise she had worn when she last visited Manoa. Her hair was made grey, her face was wrinkled and she walked with a limp. “How have you fared, my friend?”
“Very well. I have often thought of you and the fresh fish you brought to share.”
“Yes, I was lucky in finding good spots to fish. I mean to try my luck again. Is Sloan still renting out his boat to fisher folk?”
The innkeeper laughed. “Sloan? No. He has become a wealthy man with his fertilizer concession. Now he lives in a new house close to the castle.”
“I see.” Serafina smiled. “Perhaps I should stop by and congratulate him on his good fortune. How would I know his house?”
“It is up two streets and over five. It has an awning attached – blue and white stripes – where he carries on his trade. You will usually find a crowd of customers there putting in orders. It is said his is the finest fertilizer around. It will make anything grow twice as big.” The innkeeper pulled a key down from his board of keys. “I have your old room available if you would like.”
“Yes, thank you. I can already feel my old bones relaxing in your warm climate. I think I may take a stroll around the village,” she said.
“I will take your luggage up to your room,” he said, handing her the key. “Fish for dinner tonight?”
Serafina smiled. “That would be lovely.”

Serafina walked up two streets to where she could see King Shabas’s castle wall circling the hilltop. She continued around beneath the castle wall until she spotted the blue and white striped awning. The man she had put in charge of refining and transporting her white powder had, in fact, done very well for himself. She saw Sloan under the awning, busily dispensing sacks of fertilizer. He arranged the coins he took in exchange into stacks of ten, some gold, some silver, some copper.
Sloan’s orders had been to do all the work himself, mining the guano and refining it into the white powder Henge needed to make the exploding arrows. He was to send all he made each month to Henge on the Pride of Manoa where the ship’s captain would exchange the sacks of white powder for gold coins to be given to Sloan in payment. The captain was, of course, paid for this service. All had gone well until Serafina noticed a decline in the quality of the white powder and decided to check up on her man in Manoa.
Serafina stayed out of sight while she thought about how she might correct the situation. Certainly Sloan would be punished for his thievery. She would need to recruit a new man to take his place or, more probably, send a man down from Henge to take his place. A soldier from Henge would be less likely to dare what Sloan had undertaken.
As she walked back to the inn she saw a crowd of people gathering at the dock. A new ship, dark blue with gold trim, was edging into the dock. She saw a young girl with blonde hair standing at the rail, looking out over the crowd. She recognized the girl as the one who had cheered for Prince Avor at the buzkashi game. She was Princess Elka, come to meet Prince Gallos. It looked as though Manoa’s Royal Family was there to meet her.
The crowd parted as the Royal Guardsmen moved forward on either side of the King and his two sons. Prince Gallos waved to Princess Elka and her brother, Prince Oswald, still aboard the ship. A gangplank thudded down from the ship and the King and his two sons walked aboard. After some conversation the group disappeared into the bowels of the ship. The crowd of onlookers milled about, determined to have a better look at their new Princess when she deigned to step onto Manoan soil.
 Serafina wondered what a union between Sandovia and Manoa might mean for her guano enterprise on White Cliffs. She was glad she and Elka had never met, though it had been a close call when they both visited Helsop at the same time.  Electra was no doubt still wondering why Serafina had left so abruptly. It was important that when they did meet, Serafina was perceived as an elderly woman who had ownership of White Cliffs’ vast guano reserves.
As long as Manoa remained at peace with its neighbors they would have no need of exploding arrows.  It was very doubtful Manoa’s Royal Family even knew of the existence of such a weapon, as those who did know kept it a closely guarded secret. For the time being she believed her guano enterprise was safe from any threat by Manoa’s rulers. 

Serafina returned to the inn. The innkeeper looked up and smiled.
“Did you see Sloan?” he asked.
“I saw him from a distance. He was busy with customers so I decided not to bother him. I will surprise him with a visit before I leave. Will you keep my coming secret so he will be surprised?”
“Rest assured. He will be tickled pink to see you again.”
“No doubt,” Serafina said. “I think I will go down to the docks after dinner and see if I can find another boat to rent.”
“Left Hand Lou has a boat he lets out. I believe he will take you out to go fishing as well. He will surely do it if you tell him Rollo the Innkeeper sent you.”
“Thank you,” Serafina said. “I will be certain to mention your name.” She looked out the window of the inn to see the crowds cheering as Princess Elka came down the gangplank holding the arm of Prince Gallos.

Chapter 19

Manoa

Prince Gallos, a tall man with a gracious manner, spoke to Princess Elka in a soft voice as they walked down the gangplank. “I regret I was unable to come myself to present my proposal to you and your parents in Sandovia. I hoped you would have some memory of me from Princess Electra’s marriage to Dagon of Helsop.”
“Of course I remember you,” Princess Elka replied. “I thought your gift of spices to Electra a most appropriate choice.”
“I will certainly never forget your victory in the boat races,” Prince Gallos said with a smile.
Princess Elka blushed. “Boat racing may be my only talent.”
“I am sure that is not the case, but I have arranged to have our fastest boats at your disposal while you are our guest here in Manoa.”
Elka hesitated at the bottom of the gangplank. She looked at the slender man with brown hair and blue eyes who could one day be her husband and saw only kindness in his expression. “That is very generous of you. Have you a love of sailing?”
“Actually, I would enjoy spending more time on the water. My father shifts more and more of his responsibilities to me of late but I am sure he would not object to my taking time out for sailing, should you request it.” He smiled at Electra and gestured out at the sea. “We hope that you will come to love Manoa as we do. While you are here, your wish is my command.”
“Manoa is quite different from Sandovia. Ours is a chilly, rocky, wind-swept group of islands.” She looked up at the green landscape before her – lush with flowers and ferns, alive with the songs of birds and cooled by a light breeze damp from the sea.
“I hope to see Sandovia one day soon,” Prince Gallos said.
Of course he would see it soon were they to marry, Elka thought. “It is a fierce land, more so now since we are beset by pirates.”
“I assure you no amount of piracy would deter me, were it your wish to have me visit.”
Elka thought Gallos was being a bit persistent and decided to change the subject. “Is that your castle on the hilltop?” she asked.
Prince Gallos followed her gaze to the top of the hill before them. “Yes. My mother has a reception prepared for you. We have a carriage waiting or we may walk if you prefer.”
Elka looked surprised. “It would not be taken amiss were we to walk?”
Prince Gallos laughed. “Not at all. We are quite informal here in Manoa and often walk out to visit with our subjects.”
“By all means, then – let us walk and enjoy this lovely day.”

The populace of Manoa seemed delighted to see Prince Gallos and his intended strolling through the village. They offered small bows and polite greetings to Gallos and Elka, and many thanked Elka for visiting Manoa.
“Your subjects are delightful,” Elka said. “Is there no need for guards here?”
“Not really,” Gallos replied. “We are on friendly terms with our neighbors, and our economy is prosperous. Those who might pose a threat are known to us, and watched, but they are few. As yet we have not been plagued by pirates. It would be a long trip were any of the pirates who plague the northern seas to target Manoa.”
“Such an idyllic place.” Elka stopped to accept a flower from a child. “Thank you,” she said, looking down at the small girl who clung shyly to her mother’s skirt. “What is your name?”
The child looked at her mother who smiled and pulled her child close. “She is called Matilda. She thinks you are very pretty and wanted to give you a daisy for your hair.”
“I think you are very pretty as well,” Elka said to Matilda, putting the flower in her hair behind her ear. “Thank you.”
The little girl smiled and buried her face in her mother’s skirt.

Gallos and Elka reached the wall of the castle where a guard saluted and opened the gate.
“My mother has not been well of late but she insisted on leaving her bed to welcome you. She may have to excuse herself before too long. She tires easily,” Gallos said.
“She should not exert herself on my behalf,” Elka said.
Gallos laughed. “She is not one to take advice.”
The castle’s great room was decorated with flowers, Sandovian flags and banners. A long table was set with tea and all manner of cakes and savory offerings. King Shabas, his second son, Manos, and Elka’s brother, Oswald, had taken the carriage from the dock and arrived back at the castle before them. King Shabas stood beside his wife, Queen Shana. Queen Shana was taller than her husband, white-haired and thin with eyes that seemed to take everything in for analysis.
King Shabas took his wife’s arm and stepped forward. “Princess Elka, may I present my wife, Her Majesty Queen Shana of Manoa,” he said.
“My. So formal,” Queen Shana said, grinning at her husband. I am delighted to meet you, Princess Elka. What a beautiful girl you are. Did you enjoy your walk through our village?”
“I did. I am not well-traveled but I had never imagined a kingdom so lovely as Manoa.”
Prince Manos laughed. “I am well-traveled and I can assure you there is no other place so lovely.”
“Now, now,” Queen Shana chided. “I am sure Sandovia is also a kingdom with much to offer. We do, however, excel at growing spices. Please help yourselves to tea and try some of our more exotic offerings.” Queen Shana waved her hand at the table spread with refreshments. “I will go out and sit on the veranda where I will no doubt be waited on hand and foot.” Her eyes held a smile but the lines around her eyes spoke of pain and fatigue.
The guests filled their plates and joined the Queen on the veranda where they enjoyed the view of the sea and an island just off the coast that was covered in greenery except for the white cliffs at the far end.
“Such a beautiful view,” Elka said. “What is the name of the island?”
“That is White Cliffs Island,” Prince Gallos said. “It is owned by a recluse and admittance is forbidden. Though of late it is rumored that the recluse has married and now one of our villagers has begun a profitable trade in the fertilizer that coats the cliffs.”

Chapter 20

White Cliffs Island

Serafina walked down to the waterfront tavern where she knew Henry, the White Cliffs caretaker, stopped before going back to the island. He always rowed over on the same day once a week, to buy groceries. Henry was the cook as well as the handyman for Tristan, the owner of White Cliffs Island.
Tristan’s staff consisted of only three men – Henry and two guards. The two guards kept intruders from coming on to the island. Serafina had engineered a crisis more than a year earlier to land Rose, the blind flower vendor, on the island. Until that time, Tristan had been a recluse because he was embarrassed by the port wine stain that covered his face. Serafina knew the beautiful blind flower girl would likely appeal to a man who took such pains to hide his deformity. 
Her plan had worked beautifully. Not only did the pair fall in love, they both thanked Serafina for being instrumental in bringing them together. It was no problem to bend that gratitude to include the rights to mine and sell the island’s guano. There was no doubt both Tristan and Rose would welcome her for a visit.
She saw Henry as soon as she looked over the half door of the tavern. He sat at the bar nursing his ale as the barkeep brought him up to date on Manoa’s news.
The burly barkeep pointed in the direction of the wharf. “That’s her boat out there at the dock, the big blue one named the King Gundar for her father who’s the King of Sandovia. I just caught a glimpse of her but she seemed as pretty a Princess as you could imagine. Long blonde hair and fair skin and she chose to walk through the village to the castle although I’m sure they gave her the choice of going by carriage if she wanted.” The barkeep took a breath.
 “So Prince Gallos is betrothed then?” Henry asked.
“No. Not just yet. I think the offer’s been made but King Gundar sent his daughter here for a visit along with her brother. Could be he’s leaving the decision up to her. I don’t know.”
Henry nodded and looked towards the door when he heard it swing shut. His face lit up with a smile. “Serafina? Is it you?”
“It is, Henry,” Serafina said. “I am here for a visit. I thought I might hire a boat and come out to the island to see Rose and Tristan. How are you all keeping?”
“Very well, very well. They will be so pleased to see you. Hardly a day goes by that Rose does not make some mention of you. But Tristan will want to send a boat to pick you up. I would row you back with me but I’ve already bought my week’s supply of food and it would be too crowded.”
“He does not need to do that,” Serafina said.
“He will insist. He will send one of the guards as soon as I return and tell him you are here in Manoa.”
Serafina shrugged. “That would be very kind.”
Henry blushed a little and added in a low voice, “Rose may have a little surprise for you.” Henry drank down the remainder of his ale and slapped a coin down on the counter. “I’d best leave now. The sooner I get back, the sooner we can send a boat to fetch you.”
Serafina walked back out the door with Henry. “Perhaps I had best pack a small bag. It may be too late for me to visit and return tonight.”
“Yes ma’am. You’d best do that. I know they will insist you stay as long as you are able.” Henry walked quickly down to the dock with his bundles of supplies and Serafina walked back up the hill to fetch the bag she had packed that morning.

Serafina was waiting at the dock when the guard arrived in a sailboat. He tipped his hat and jumped out to take Serafina’s bag. “Tristan and Rose are very anxious to see you,” he said.
Serafina stepped into the boat, leaning a little on her cane and nodded her thanks as the guard helped what he believed to be an old woman into the boat.
They caught a warm breeze and arrived within an hour at the White Cliffs’ beach. Tristan and Rose were on the beach waving as the boat skidded ashore on the sand.
Rose held out her hands in the direction Tristan indicated and Serafina stepped out of the boat to clasp Rose’s hands in her own.
She shook hands with Tristan, then hugged Rose as the girl shed tears of happiness. Serafina noticed Rose’s rounded belly and whispered, “I see the island will soon have a new resident.”
Rose laughed through her tears. “It is true. It is all happening just as you foretold.”
“Anyone could have foretold this story,” Serafina said with a chuckle.
Rose smiled. “Come up to the house. Henry has made a feast for you. I believe he is as happy as we are to have a guest.”
Serafina noticed that Tristan did seem quite happy to see her. He no longer looked away or tried to hide his face from her. He seemed almost to have forgotten his disfigurement, thanks to Rose’s blindness and her apparent adoration of her husband.
They reached the house with its wide veranda, now even more lush with flowers than the last time Serafina had seen it on the day of their wedding. Rose had no doubt put her green thumb to use re-creating her old flower garden in Manoa here on White Cliffs Island.
Serafina changed clothes and came down for Henry’s lavish dinner in the dining room. He had made a fish stew, heavily laced with the island’s fresh spices along with bread hot from the oven and vegetables grown on the island. Tristan chose a favorite wine from his private stock to accompany the meal.
“I hope you have come to stay for the winter,” Rose said. “It will do you good to avoid the cold of the northern climes.”
“The warmth is wonderful,” Serafina agreed. “I do not know how long I will be able to stay. I have promised my grandnieces I will not leave them for too long.”
“Your niece is still in ill health then?” Rose asked.
“Yes. But let us speak of more pleasant things. It appears your Prince Gallos may soon be wed.”
“Henry told us he saw the Princess arrive. She is rumored to be quite beautiful,” Rose said
“Tristan shook his head. “No more beautiful than you.”
Rose blushed. “Tristan flatters me because he knows I cannot prove him wrong by checking my own reflection.”
Serafina laughed. “In this case, he is correct.”
Rose waved away the compliment.
Tristan cleared his throat. “We allowed two newcomers on the island because Sloan told us you wished it so. Were we wrong to allow it? I know you said before that it would be only Sloan who would be allowed to mine the guano.” He tilted his head, concerned.
Serafina’s face remained neutral. “I did not know. I will speak to these two new men and find out the circumstances behind it.”
“But not tonight,” Rose said. “Tonight we want you all to ourselves.”

Chapter 21

City of Taz

Electra was relieved to see the gleaming white city of Taz come into view. They had been many days and nights at sea with no stops to reach Taz in the shortest possible time. Some days had been spent traversing high waves that left many of those aboard seasick and miserable. Electra had done what she could for queasy stomachs but was as anxious as her seasick patients to set foot on land once again.
The white marble buildings clustered around the water’s edge were almost blinding in their reflective glow. The Taz people aboard the seven ships had been instructed to return to their former homes if they were vacant. For the two years that the Taz nation had lived in Fernland as refugees, most of their homes in Taz had remained vacant. The Barbaree conquerors preferred to live in yurts as was their custom. The Barbaree people were nomads and took great pride in their ability to move their houses at a moment’s notice.
The Caliph, as was customary, went ashore first and he graciously allowed Electra to accompany him in his shore boat. Physician Rabar waited at the dock to welcome his father. He was delighted to see his former apprentice sharing the boat.
Rabar took his father’s hand to help him from the boat. “Welcome home, Father. And Princess Electra, welcome. Odval will be happy to see you have come.”
Electra smiled. “So I am told. I am sure you would have done a better job than I of helping her through any emergency, but Bataar was most insistent. As it happens I have brought along a man with a tumor for you to examine.”
Physician Rabar bowed graciously. “I am at your service.”
“Thank you. Olaf is both friend and kin to me now. We are in your debt.”
“My remedies are not always successful. I do not want you to be too disappointed if we are not able to restore him.”
“I am not without my own failed treatments,” she said with a sympathetic expression.
Rabar nodded and turned to his father. “We have cleaned and refurbished the vacant houses but there are bound to be squabbles about who belongs where.”
The Caliph nodded. “Send the squabblers to me. Not all have returned. At the last moment King Geoffrey offered asylum to a remnant of workers. He has plans for future projects at the boat works. Many of the young men stayed behind.”
Rabar stared at his father curiously, no doubt hesitant to ask too many questions in Electra’s presence. “And what of Haddad?”
“Haddad is with us. I told him the Great Khan ordered our master ship builder to come with us to Taz.”
“Yes, that is good. The Great Khan has advised me that he wishes to speak to you and our master shipbuilder as soon as you arrive,” Rabar said.
Electra decided she should leave so that father and son could speak more freely about what the Great Khan might have in mind.
“I believe I will go to see Odval without delay. Is she still in the same yurt as when Avor and I last visited?”
“Yes, she is,” Rabar said quickly.
“Has Avor arrived here in Taz yet?” Electra asked as she turned to go.
“Avor? I have not seen him,” Rabar said, surprised.
“He is coming overland,” Electra explained.
 Rabar turned to his father but saw no reaction in the Caliph’s expression. “He chose to travel by horse rather than by ship?” He seemed bewildered by the news.
“He is with Bataar. No doubt they will be here soon,” Electra said, walking toward the wall that surrounded the back of the city.

Electra could see that the Taz people who had left Fernland last year to return to their conquered city had been busy. The river was restored, branching off into little streams that ran through the city. Fountains flowed and flowers bloomed. The houses had been swept and cleaned, ready for their returned owners. She marveled that the Barbaree invaders had no wish to inhabit them.
She walked through the opening in the great wall surrounding Taz, into a very different realm. The yurts of Barbaree surrounded a large open area where horses and sheep grazed. Goats and camels roamed about the surrounding hills. A few of the Barbaree people noticed Electra walking across the open area but none challenged her or waved a greeting.
As she reached Odval’s yurt she realized she had no way of communicating with her. She hoped Odval’s servant and translator, Magsa, might be with her.
“Hello,” she called at the door flap of Odval’s yurt. She heard a noise inside and Odval pushed the flap aside to look out.
“Electra,” she said in a thickly accented voice. She began to speak rapidly and stepped aside for Electra to enter. “Magsa?” Electra asked with a shrug to indicate she could not understand what Odval was saying.
Odval continued speaking rapidly, eyeing her guest as though suspicious Electra might only be pretending a lack of understanding. When Electra continued to stand passively, Odval relented and walked to the yurt next to hers. She shouted a few words and Magsa appeared at the tent flap. She smiled when she saw Electra.
“Odval is happy, see her good friend come to meet son,” she said.
Odval stood holding her stomach proudly. It looked as though she might be ready to have the baby very soon.
“Ask Odval how she is feeling. Has she had any labor pains yet?”
“What means labor pains?” Magsa asked.
“Pains that come when the baby is ready to be born,” Electra said.
Magsa nodded with a knowing expression and spoke to Odval.
Odval spoke for a long time and then turned to watch Electra as Magsa translated.
“No, not yet,” Magsa said.
Electra frowned at this frugal translation. “What else did she say?”
“She has the, umm, little pains. She very sick at beginning. She says baby is strong son, he kicks fierce, like warrior.”
Electra smiled. She should have suspected that Odval would be a complainer. Perhaps it was a good thing Electra could not understand the Barburee tongue.
“Tell her that I will be staying in the city in the same building that the Caliph stays in and she should send someone to fetch me if she has any discomfort.”
Odval frowned as Magsa translated and Electra hoped Odval was not going to insist she stay with her in her yurt.
Magsa listened as Odval spoke, then turned to Electra, hiding a smile. “She says she has much discomfort but what can be done? She says you come tonight, have tea.”
Electra nodded and bowed slightly as she turned away. She could hear Odval continuing to talk as she walked away, but since she could not understand what she was saying she kept walking back to the beautiful gardens and marble buildings of Taz.

Chapter 22

City of Taz

Electra introduced Olaf to Physician Rabar that evening. Physician Rabar smiled at Olaf and offered his hand in greeting but his eyes were already traveling to the swelling around Olaf’s eye.
“May I?” Rabar asked before touching Olaf’s face.
Olaf nodded and Rabar gently pushed up Olaf’s eyelid to look deep into his eye. He prodded the area of the swelling.
“Headaches?” he asked.
Olaf nodded.
“Dizziness?”
Olaf nodded again.
“Pain?”
“Sometimes. More lately,” Olaf answered. Rabar turned to speak to Electra. “We should begin at once to administer the saffron mixture. The tumor is quite advanced but may be slow growing.”
“Is that acceptable to you, Olaf?” Electra asked.
Olaf nodded. “Thank you Physician Rabar for your offer. Do you think there is any hope for me?”
“Yes, I think it is possible we might reduce the tumor. It will take some time, though. You will not see results right away.”
“I cannot stay too long. I have a family and responsibilities in Helsop.”
“Once Electra has learned the treatment she will be able to continue it in Helsop.” Rabar turned again to Electra. “It is a shame the saffron will not grow in your climate.”
“I will begin gathering the necessary plants without delay so that I might have a supply by the time we leave,” Electra said.
“Will I be free to explore while I am here?” Olaf asked.
“Explore what?” Rabar asked, surprised.
“The, ahh, countryside?”
“You mean to gather herbs?” Rabar asked, perplexed.
Electra knew what Olaf meant and decided to interrupt. “I believe Olaf wants to accompany Tandor to an oasis that Tandor discovered when he last visited Taz. Is that not correct Olaf?”
Olaf nodded. “It is a few days journey from Taz.”
“I see,” Rabar said, remembering the whole incident. A previous search for the white powder nearly resulted in their ship being taken by pirates. He looked at Electra. “Is this really necessary?”
Electra shrugged and would not meet Rabar’s eyes. “I think Olaf might not have agreed to seek treatment otherwise.”
Rabar frowned as he contemplated Olaf and Electra. “We will need to keep you here for at least three days to see how you react to the herbs and the dosage. Then I suppose you could take a supply of the medicine with you as you travel.”
“Thank you, Physician Rabar,” Electra said. “As soon as you show me the mixture I will begin at once to gather a supply for us both.”
“Humph,” Rabar said, annoyed to think his treatment secondary to the gathering of white powder for use in weapons. “What more do you know of King Geoffrey’s decision to retain the boat works?”
Electra decided to answer truthfully. Rabar was doing them a favor and she needed to regain his trust. “My brother, Avor, was refused permission to marry a girl he has fallen in love with. My father thought him too young to marry. Avor left Fernland without a word to either of my parents. He is accompanying Bataar back here to Taz. My parents are afraid he has run away forever in defeat or perhaps defiance. My parents know the boat works was a thing he favored keeping and they hope with this to lure him back. I am ordered to try any means of securing his return.”
Rabar’s eyes opened wide. He had not expected such honesty. “I see,” he said. “And if Avor returns, King Geoffrey means to keep this promise to his son?”
“Yes,” Electra said.
“I must tell the Caliph,” Rabar said.
“And I must go for tea at Odval’s yurt,” Electra said.
Rabar’s mouth turned up at the corners in a wry smile.

Electra arrived at Odval’s yurt as the sun was setting and raised her hand to knock a warning before entering. Then she thought better of it and went next door to Magsa’s yurt.
“Magsa?” she called. “Are you there?”
Magsa appeared at the flap. “Yes?”
“Can you come with me to translate while I have tea with Odval?”
Magsa nodded and stepped outside. She looked at Electra’s empty hands. “No presents?”
Electra realized she had forgotten all about the gifts her parents had sent along for Bataar and the Great Khan. The last time she had brought presents, no one except Odval had seemed interested in them.
“I do have presents but I forgot to bring them. Would you tell Odval I may need some help or perhaps a horse to transport them?”
Magsa nodded. “She is very wanting cookies from Fernland.”
Electra hoped her mother had remembered Odval’s fondness for cookies.

Magsa opened the flap of Odval’s tent and said something in the Barburee language. Then she motioned Electra inside.
Odval clutched her stomach and grimaced. She was wrapped in a blanket and lay beside a small fire. She looked at her guests with a worried expression.
“Is it labor pains?” Electra asked Magsa.
Magsa sat down beside Odval and gently rubbed her back as she spoke to her. Magsa looked up at Electra. “She is worried maybe too early. Also she not want give birth now.  Better Bataar returns first.”
“Ask if I might examine her,” Electra said in her most soothing voice.
“She says must have tea first. She invited you.”
“Perhaps you could fix the tea while I examine her,” Electra said to Magsa.
“She want you stop pains, wait Bataar come.”
“Tell her I will see what I can do but first I must check the position of the baby.”
Odval reluctantly waved Magsa away and unwrapped herself from her blanket. Electra noticed the blanket was wet as she folded it away. She put her hand on Odval’s forehead and gently massaged her back and shoulders before running her hand across Odval’s abdomen.
“Tell Odval it is possible this baby wants to be here to welcome his father when he arrives,” Electra said.

Chapter 23

City of Taz

Odval’s son was three days old when news came to her yurt that Bataar and his men had been sighted. Electra was there checking on mother and newborn when Magsa came by with lunch and news of the sighting.
“Could they tell if Prince Avor of Fernland was with him?” Electra asked.
Magsa shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not.”
Odval was up and chattering as she picked out clothes for her new son to wear when he was presented to his father for the first time. She ignored the clothes sent as gifts from Queen Delphinia and chose instead, a little leather vest embroidered with gold thread.
“She say son be warrior for father,” Magsa said.
“Ask if she has given her son a name yet,” Electra said.
Magsa spoke to Odval and listened to a long and excited answer before translating. “The Great Khan who is grandfather will be naming him. She very want to hear what name he choose.”
“I see,” Electra said. She packed up her medicine bag and was preparing to go when she heard the loud galloping of horses’ hooves coming near. The first horse thudded to a stop and a cloud of dust swept through the open door flap. Bataar was off his horse and through the opening before the dust cleared.
Bataar smiled broadly. “I have son?”
Odval held the child up and Bataar took him and held him at arm’s length, studying the little face topped with a pointed cap.
The baby looked at his father with a serious expression, fighting to keep his eyes open. He had been fed and was ready for a nap.
Bataar laughed at his son and spoke to him in the Barburee language.
Odval smiled, her face full of pride. Bataar handed the child back to his mother. He looked at Electra and pulled a small sack from his tunic.
“For friend who comes long way to greet son,” he said. He tossed the sack to Electra who caught it and almost dropped it, surprised at the weight.
Electra opened the pouch and stared at the glittering gold coins inside. “I cannot take this. I am a physician. I have done nothing to earn this.”
“Must take gift from friend.” Bataar turned to go and Electra followed him through the flap of the yurt, still objecting to the fortune in coins he had just handed her. She watched as the men galloped off again. She saw that Avor was with them and called out to him.
Avor turned and waved at his sister. “We are going to see the Great Khan,” he shouted. “I will see you later.”

Electra was sitting outside in the garden that evening with the Caliph, Rabar and Olaf, when Avor road up. She noticed that he rode in the nomadic style now – very fast with an abrupt stop followed by a cat-like dismount from his horse.
She stood to greet him. “Avor, it is so good to see you. We worried for your safety when you left Fernland so abruptly.”
Avor could not hide a sheepish smile. “I suppose Mother and Father were not pleased.”
“Alarmed is a word more befitting their reaction, I think. They gave me instructions as to what I must say to bring you back.”
Avor seemed mildly interested in what that might be. “And what were your instructions?”
“From Father I am to tell you the boat works will remain open. From Mother,” she paused and looked around at the Caliph, Rabar and Olaf, wondering if she should wait and speak to her brother privately. She decided she might not have another chance and so, moving closer to her brother, said softly, “she will petition King Gundar with the fact that he now has a second proposal to consider.”
Avor seemed surprised. “My father agreed to this?”
“Actually, I am not certain. They each spoke to me separately.”
Avor smiled. “I suspected as much.”
“Is it enough? Will you return to Fernland?” she asked.
Avor shrugged. “Eventually,” he said.
“They are very worried. I believe they would acquiesce to any demand you might make,” Electra said.
Avor took a deep breath. “The only demand I might make is that they give me some time away from them and that is the thing I have already given myself. I have no doubt they love me and worry for my safety, but I need some time alone. It would be hard for them to accept.”
“I fear you are correct in that. I believe they would leave you alone were you to return to your life at King’s Lake.” This was Electra’s best hope of success. She knew Fernland could not offer the adventurous life that her brother was experiencing with Bataar. She did not know that Avor was already having second thoughts about the ease with which the nomads killed their enemies.
Avor pursed his lips together as he thought about the offer. “I will consider it. For now I have promised to participate in a buzkashi match to celebrate the birth of Bataar’s son. The Great Khan has named him Mongke which means ‘eternal’ in their language.”
“You speak the Barburee tongue now?” Electra asked, surprised.
“I am learning,” Avor said.
More riders were headed their way. Electra could see Bataar among them. “Are they coming to fetch you?” Electra asked.
Avor shrugged. “I do not know. I told him I would be here.”
Bataar drew up to a quick stop and hopped down from his horse. He seemed very excited.
“We all go China,” he said
Avor’s mouth dropped open. “You want me to go with you?”
“Yes. All. Shipbuilders come too.”
The Caliph stood. “You want our shipbuilders to go to China?” He spoke as though he could not believe the words he was uttering.
“Yes. You go in ship. Barburee ride horse.”
“Why would you want our shipbuilders to go to China?” the Caliph asked. “We are not soldiers. We are not prepared to fight.”
“You go. Show Emperor we have ship. You see China ship. See how build ship to destroy China ship. Come back build fighting ship for Great Khan.”
“I...,” The Caliph seemed unable to think of a good argument for the first time in his life. “I will speak to my men. When does the Great Khan want us to leave?”
“Two days. Be sure master shipbuilder go. Caliph is old. Maybe stay, maybe take friend Electra home.” Bataar jumped back on his horse, then turned to the group with a big smile. “Come next day, see buzkashi. Name Day for new son.”
The little group left in the garden turned to look at one another. It was several moments before anyone spoke as they all digested Bataar’s orders.
“Will you go to China?” Electra asked Avor.
“I am not sure I will have a choice,” he answered.
“Are they hoping to conquer China or to make an alliance?” Electra asked.
“Often one directly follows the other,” Avor said. “We may be going to arrange for a second wife for Bataar.”
“Thank the fates Odval has a son,” Electra murmured to herself.

Chapter 24

City of Taz

The Caliph was allowed to keep only enough men to crew one ship which would be used to take Electra back to Fernland when she was ready to go. Physician Rabar would be allowed to stay to care for the women and children who had only recently arrived and would now be left to fend for themselves in Taz. The possibility of a mass exodus of all the Taz people in the middle of the night was discussed, but the Caliph decided it would be too dangerous and they really had nowhere to go – at least until he had a chance to ask for sanctuary in Fernland once again.
The Caliph, Rabar, Haddad, Avor and Electra sat in the garden outside the Caliph’s residence and spoke to one another in hushed voices.
Haddad stood up, too restless to remain seated. “I expected just such a treachery from the Great Khan. We were hired to build ships, not to act as spies for his army.”
The Caliph nodded in a distracted manner. “I do not believe you will be required to fight. If he is considering a marriage between the Chinese Emperor’s daughter and his son, Bataar, his preference is likely an alliance with China.”
“We would not fight in any case. The Chinese Emperor has expressed an interest in hiring more shipbuilders. We will say we have come looking for work if we are taken prisoner,” Haddad said in a voice filled with anger.
The Caliph stared out to sea. “I do not like leaving our women and children here with no one to guard them, but I must take Electra back to Fernland.”
Electra held up her hand. “Olaf, Tandor and I can find other transportation back to Fernland. Do not concern yourself with that.”
The Caliph flushed. “You misunderstand me. Of course I am honor bound to return you to Fernland. There is no question of my not doing so. But in this case it is my privilege to have that honor, as I hope to gain your father’s permission to procure sanctuary for our women and children while our men are occupied. I plan to take as many as possible on our one remaining ship and then return for more. Our port here in Taz will be an easy target for pirates once word gets out that the Khan’s Army and all of our men have left for China.”
“I see,” Electra said. “Then you will want to leave soon?”
“Yes. As soon after our men leave for China as possible.”
“I believe Tandor and Olaf plan to go into the desert on an excursion,” Electra said, knowing the Caliph would not approve.
“That will not be possible,” the Caliph said. “They might not return in time.”
“I could forbid it, but they would not obey me. They are under orders from Dagon,” Electra said.
Physician Rabar spoke up. He had made a map for Tandor’s last excursion into the desert and had a good idea where the two men planned to go. “This mission is too dangerous. They plan to go back to the cave, do they not?”
 Electra nodded.
 Physician Rabar knew that the white substance lining the cavern walls was used to make the exploding arrows which were the newest and deadliest weapons of warfare. He shook his head. “But Olaf is still my patient. He really should stay longer under my care.”
Electra shrugged. “I am powerless to stop them. Olaf only agreed to come for treatment when he was given this additional task to perform as a soldier of Helsop.”
Rabar stood up, agitated and angry. “You will not be able to retrieve them in Venito as we tried to do the last time. This time there will be no fighting men on board. You would be an easy target for pirates.”
Electra’s face filled with worry. “They will no doubt decide to return overland with their, ah, fertilizer, as they did before.”
Avor, who had listened quietly until now, decided to join the debate. “If they were to bring an extra amount of the white powder as a gift to Fernland, I am sure my father would hold that in your favor. It might be worth the risk to stop for the Helsop men in Venito since you plan to ask my father for a favor once you reach Fernland.”
Haddad raised his hand in Avor’s direction to show his agreement. “This is true. You might just nose into Venito’s harbor and check for signs of pirates. They usually wait for signals from their informants about what cargo is aboard before they mount their attack. If you were to pick the men and their powder up quickly you might be gone before they have time to organize an attack.”
The Caliph was silent while he weighed his options. He studied Prince Avor with pursed lips. “I know you favor keeping the boat works and it has caused some division with your father. But you know your father’s views. How likely is he to allow our women and children refuge in Fernland?”
“I think it more likely now. He believes that is something he could offer to lure me back. The existence of a settlement and the promise of a future boat works under my leadership would be proof of his intentions. Unfortunately, I think it wiser for me to accompany the Great Khan’s army to China at Bataar’s insistence than to return to Fernland against Bataar’s wishes. My father would likely not agree with my decision. But my loyalty is always first to Fernland and Fernland’s King and in this case I think I will serve Fernland best by keeping my friends close and my enemies closer.”
“You consider Barburee your enemy then?” the Caliph asked, surprised.
“Barburee is a conquering nation. It must be seen as such by everyone who is not Barburian. They will only be a friend to Fernland as long as it is in their interest to be. In this I see my father was correct. They are quite unmoved by killing those who stand in their way.”
“I see you have learned much already,” the Caliph said. “I hope you count the people of Taz as friends.”
Avor smiled. “I do, and I will aid your cause if I am able.”
The Caliph looked at Electra. “You may tell your men that we will attempt to pick them up in Venito if they will bring an extra supply of their powder for King Geoffrey. But warn them that we will leave at the first sign of trouble. They must be prepared to return overland if we decide it is too dangerous to lay anchor.”
“I will tell them now, and thank you,” Electra said.
Electra excused herself to advise Tandor and Olaf of the Caliph’s decision. Avor walked along with her, whistling for his horse to follow them. They walked through the city to where the two men had taken residence. Electra looked at her brother. “You sound more and more like a future king.”
Avor laughed. “If only it were a thing I aspired to.”
“What caused your disillusionment with Bataar?” she asked.
“I still admire his skills as a warrior. There remains much I can learn from him. However, I prefer the peaceful life at Fernland to being part of a conquering army bent on destruction and acquisition.”
“As would any sane person,” Electra said. “What drives a man or a nation to value dominance over peace?”
Avor shrugged. “It is what they excel at, I suppose.”
“Are you sure it would not be wiser to return with us to Fernland? I could help you come up with a plausible excuse to give to Bataar,” Electra said.
“No doubt it would be wiser, but I am not yet wise enough to do it.” 
Electra looked perplexed and her brother smiled. “I need some time. Perhaps you can put your mind to coming up with a reason for Tandor and Olaf to share their white powder with Fernland,” he suggested
Electra returned his smile. “That is easy. I will tell them it may save them a trip overland.”

Chapter 25

City of Taz

Electra and Avor walked on to the gatekeeper’s cottage where Tandor and Olaf were staying. There was no longer a reason to house a gatekeeper since the gate in the back wall of the city had been torn down by the Barburee soldiers camped in their yurts outside the walls of the city.
They found Olaf and Tandor outside the cottage putting together a bag of supplies to take with them into the desert.
Electra stared at Olaf’s face wondering if it was her imagination or if the swelling behind his eye had really gone down a bit.
“How are your headaches, Olaf?” she asked in her physician’s voice.
“Fewer and less painful,” Olaf answered in a tone that seemed to carry a note of surprise. “It could be the warmer climate, I suppose.”
Electra stepped closer and looked at his eye. It seemed less dilated. She allowed herself a feeling of elation. Perhaps after only a few days, Rabar’s treatment was having an effect. “Do you have enough medication to last should you need to return overland to Helsop?”
Both Olaf and Tandor were startled. “I thought you planned to pick us up in Venito as before,” Tandor said. Of course he realized that they had not been picked up before as planned due to a pirate attack and there was always the possibility that such a thing could happen again.
Electra lowered her voice. “I fear this time it is even more likely we might be forced to leave you behind. The men of Taz have been ordered to China and the Caliph will command a small crew and a ship full of women and children. If he senses even a hint of a pirate attack he will not drop anchor at Venito.”
Avor cleared his throat to pull the men’s attention to himself. “There is a thing you could do to make it more likely the Caliph will take the chance of picking you up,” he said.
Olaf gave Avor a suspicious glance. “And what might that be?”
“Bring some extra white powder to give to Fernland. The Caliph knows that such a gift in the hold of his ship would make it more likely that my father might grant his ship full of women and children refuge in Fernland.”
Olaf nodded. “I see.” He looked at Tandor. “We could buy an extra horse.”
Tandor grimaced. “I do not want to spend too much money in case we are forced to return overland, but I suppose we could load it now with more food in case of a long journey.”
Electra pulled the sleeve of gold coins Bataar had given her from her cloak. She had been reluctant to leave such a treasure unguarded and so had been carrying it wherever she went. She would be glad to put it under someone else’s guardianship. “Take this in case all goes wrong and you are forced to seek other transportation home.”
Olaf took the sleeve and opened it to look inside. Both he and Tandor gasped at the fortune Electra handed over so freely.
Avor stepped closer to look as well. “Where did you get this?” he asked. He recognized the sleeve of coins as being part of the spoils taken from the bandits they had killed in the desert.
“Bataar gave it to me for helping Odval give birth to his son,” Electra said. “I tried to tell him it was too much but he suggested I must accept it if I was his friend.”
Avor nodded slowly in a knowing manner. “A friend would accede to his wishes. It is something I have often heard as well. It is the reason I must accompany him to China.”
Olaf tore his eyes from the gold long enough to remark, “You are going to China as well?”
Avor smiled. “I would suggest you leave as soon as possible lest you both be labeled friends and are forced to visit China along with me.”
Olaf hefted the weight of the coins and contemplated the best course. “This is a hundred times what we would need even if forced to go overland. We could obtain passage back on another ship for one or two coins at the most.” He paused and frowned. “It would be better if we had them changed into silver and coppers before we leave. Changing even one gold coin would bring unwanted attention.”
Electra agreed. “I think you are better able to protect it than I. The coins belong to Helsop now and you are soldiers of Helsop.”
Olaf nodded. “Do you think the Caliph might be able to change one or two of the coins into silvers?” he asked.
“I think he might,” Electra said. “Give me a few and I will go and ask him.” She took seven coins and started to back away, relieved to have passed on the responsibility of so much money. “I will go to visit Odval while I am here at the gate. The Caliph wants to leave for Fernland as soon as the sailors of Taz have cast off for China.”
Avor walked with his sister as far as Odval’s yurt.
 “Do you want to see the baby?” she asked, before announcing herself.
Avor seemed a little nervous about meeting a baby. He pursed his lips, considering. “I do not want to hold it or any such thing, but if you hold it up I could just look at it and then be able to tell Bataar I have seen it. He is very proud of his son.”
Electra grinned at her brother’s trepidation but agreed to do as he asked. “May I come in?” Electra called out, hoping Magsa was inside with Odval.
Magsa came to the flap of the tent and held it open for Electra and Avor.
Avor stopped just inside the flap and peered at the infant.
Mongke lay swaddled in a cradle that hung from the rafters of the yurt. The cradle was still swinging as though someone had just given it a push. Odval smiled to see Avor looking at her child and said something in the Barburee tongue.
Before Magsa had a chance to translate Avor backed away. “You have a beautiful child. I am sure he will be a warrior like his father.” Avor gave a small bow and made his escape.
Magsa translated his words to Odval and she nodded happily. Odval patted a cushion close to the one she sat on and Electra sat beside her.
“Any problems?” Electra asked Magsa.
Magsa translated and listened to Odval’s reply.
“She say Mongke eat much. She has no sleep. Is bad Bataar leave for China. May be Great Khan takes second wife, may be Bataar. Is possible. You give her charm for may be this happen.”
“What sort of charm?” Electra asked. She wondered if Odval might possibly think a physician would make some kind of death charm. Odval had, after all, attempted to kill Electra with a poisoned trinket when she thought Bataar might marry her.
“She want charm for new wife have baby,” Magsa said.
“She wants the new wife to have a baby?” Electra could not hide her surprise.
“Girl baby,” Magsa clarified. “Must be pretty charm. Gold, pearls, so new wife wear always. No boy baby, only girl.”
“Tell her no one can make such a charm,” Electra said.
Magsa translated, then listened for a moment. “She say good friend make charm mother of baby Khan need. She say then maybe not need bad charm.”
At these last few words, Electra looked up sharply, wondering who had made the poison doves that had been her sister-wife gift.

Electra found the Caliph at his suite overlooking the harbor.  He opened the door and invited her in.  His study was lovely, furnished with a carved wooden desk, a colorful wool carpet and surrounded by shelves full of leather bound books.
Electra reached into her tunic for a handful of gold coins. “I was given gold coins as a gift from Bataar in payment for attending at his son’s birth.  I want Olaf and Tandor to take them in case they are forced to go overland back to Fernland, but I think they would be better served by carrying silvers and coppers.  Do you know where we might find a trustworthy moneychanger?”
The Caliph looked at her for a long moment, apparently coming to a decision.  He stood and walked to a bookcase behind his desk.  He pulled out a thick book, twisted a decorative wooden flower on the wall behind the book, and stood back as the book case swung open to reveal a shallow recess in the wall.  It was stacked high with coins of all denominations.
Electra put her hand to her mouth.  “But you should not have shared this secret location with me.  You should have asked me to leave.”
“I decided I wanted you to know the location of our reserves.  If something should happen to me and my family, I believe I can trust you to look out for my people.  It is not a decision I made lightly.”
Electra moved her hand from her mouth to her heart.  “I am overwhelmed with the trust you have placed in me.”

Chapter 26

Village of Helsop

The Helsop villagers had a good supply of salted fish to tide them over the lean winter months. The village men, delighted over the novelty of the two new fishing boats, persisted in wanting a turn at sailing the boats and manning the nets. Dagon decided that the village had an overabundance of salted fish and asked his sister Isa what she thought of the idea of drying some.
“I do not know much about it but I would imagine it would be much the same as drying strips of venison for jerky. Since we have so many barrels of salted fish to store, we have moved the drying racks into the empty courtyard grounds,” Isa said.
Dagon sat back in his chair at the dining table in the School of Medicine. “We may as well try it. As long as the lake stays ice free the men will continue to fish.” He watched the twins playing with their dolls under the table and he wondered again how Electra was faring in Taz and whether or not she would make it back to Helsop before the heavy snows set in.
Isa sat at the table across from her brother, sorting through dried herbs as she spoke. “I will bring the students and some of the villagers to the castle grounds. We will need plenty of knives and some men to deal with the bigger fish,” Isa said.

A crowd of Helsop villagers and students met the cart full of fish from the day’s catch as it rumbled over the drawbridge to the castle grounds. Isa told her two boys, Little Dagon, now three years old, and Timor, now eight years old, that they could play with Shalin and Esme in the storage sheds that backed up to the castle walls.
The twins, Shalin and Esme, had brought the wolves, their panther and a supply of little wooden animals. Timor had brought his small bow and blunt tipped arrows and Little Dagon had brought a small wooden boat and several other little boats made of reeds.
Little Dagon ran to the cistern with his boats and was disappointed to find that the cistern was only half full, the water level too low to allow him to retrieve his little boats if he let them drop into the cistern. He asked his brother to open the slot that allowed water into the trough that led to the cistern. Timor was busy with his bow and arrows and ignored his little brother’s request.
Little Dagon watched as Timor aimed his blunted arrow at a target on the wall. The arrow hit fairly close to the target and Little Dagon ran to retrieve it. He held the arrow up and ran with it to the slot that held the river water back. Timor came after him and demanded his arrow back.
“I’ll give it to you if you open the slot,” he said.
Timor scowled at his little brother, but relented and opened the slot a little to allow more water to seep into the trough.
Little Dagon went back to the cistern and watched as the water level crept up slowly. Shalin and Esme stopped their game of tug-of-war with the wolves and came to watch what Little Dagon was doing.
He fingered his little boats and complained that the water was too slow in rising.
Shalin looked from the cistern to the trough and then to the slot where water seeped into the trough from the river outside the castle wall. She could see a glimpse of the river outside through the slot. She concentrated on the piece of wood that moved up and down to control the flow of water. The piece of wood inched up as she willed it and more water poured through.
Now she had a better view of the river outside. There was a large rock that partially blocked the flow. She concentrated on moving the rock. As soon as the rock rolled aside, the river water began to back up against the piece of wood blocking the slot to the trough. The piece of wood began to tremble and with a mighty whoosh of water it flew off its frame and river water rushed in through the unguarded slot. It washed over and around the trough and quickly filled the cistern to overflowing.

By the time someone noticed what was happening, there was a foot of water pooling in the low area where the cistern was located.
One of the fishermen noticed and ran to find Dagon. Dagon came running back to see the water already streaming out of the castle enclosure and over the drawbridge into the village below.
He grabbed Little Dagon and Shalin and moved them to higher ground, looking as he ran to find the source of the water. By this time Isa was there, carrying Esme out of the pooling water and shouting at her students to bring the wolves up to safety. Ebony the Panther was already following to see where Dagon was taking Shalin.
Dagon ran back to try to seal up the slot with pieces of wood and rock but the flow of water was too powerful and all of his attempts failed. He looked around nervously thinking of all the damage a flood of water could cause in the village.
“Raise the drawbridge!” he shouted to a militiaman standing close to a tower.
The soldier raced to the drawbridge crank and tried to turn it against the flow of the water running over the wooden bridge.  Two more guards ran to help.  They were finally able to raise the heavy bridge and seal the rising water inside the castle walls.
The villagers swam, pulling barrels of fish inside the castle keep before climbing over the walls on ladders. The men were able to hand up the wolves and the children but only the fear of being separated from Esme and Shalin finally induced Ebony to climb the ladder to safety.
Dagon had no time to wonder what had started this disastrous chain of events. He and his men climbed down the ladders stationed against the outer wall and quickly began scouting the river to discover the cause of the flood. They located the big rock impeding the river’s flow and directing it into the castle enclosure. They were able to force the rock back to its place near the slot in the castle wall with long iron rods. With the river’s natural flow restored, the level of water within the castle walls ceased to rise
Dagon climbed a ladder to the top of the castle wall and looked down at the lake inside now contained by the outer walls. He judged the depth of the lake to be about fifteen feet. The water would seep into the ground and through cracks in the walls eventually, he thought, but it would take some time.
He saw his nephew, Timor, looking frightened and guilty.
“Do you know how this happened?” Dagon asked.
“I only opened the slot a little to fill the cistern,” he said. “Little Dagon wanted to sail his boats.”
Dagon’s eyes shifted to Little Dagon and then a new thought struck him. He saw Shalin hiding behind her panther, crying.
Dagon found Isa with Esme, toweling off the shivering wolves. He caught Isa’s attention and tilted his head in Shalin’s direction. Isa looked at the little girl wiping tears from her face with her sleeve and the truth hit her.
“Shalin?” she mouthed silently, looking at her brother.
“She is afraid,” Dagon said. “It might be best if you spoke to her.”
Isa nodded, gave her towel to Dagon and walked toward Shalin. She stood over the little girl and gently kissed the top of her head.
“It is all right Shalin,” Isa said. “You did nothing wrong.”

Chapter 27

Village of Helsop

Isa took her two sons and the twins to the School of Medicine and left them to play under the dining table. She questioned Timor, then Little Dagon about what had happened at the castle.
“Did either of you ask for Shalin’s help with the water coming through the slot?” she asked.
Both boys shook their heads. Little Dagon raised his eyes to meet hers. “I said the water was too slow,” he said. “I wanted to put my boats in the cistern.”
Isa knew the twins idolized Little Dagon. Shalin would have been quick to use her powers to help him. “It is all right. What happened was an accident,” she said.
Dagon came through the door a few minutes later. He heard Electra call his name and jerked around toward her voice. He groaned to see it was Coco, the parrot, calling “Dagon,” in his wife’s voice. He supposed the bird was missing Electra as much as he was.
“Have you discovered what happened?” he asked Isa.
His sister groaned. “Little Dagon was impatient because the cistern was filling slowly and he wanted to sail his boats in the water. Shalin thought she would use her powers to help fill the cistern more quickly. It was an accident.” Isa worried her bottom lip with her teeth. “What of our barrels of fish? Are they ruined?”
Dagon shook his head.  “The men were able to move most to the upper rooms of the keep.  Those fish we had ready for drying are lost.  We can try again when the water recedes.”
“I suppose we’d best keep the twins confined here in the school until Serafina returns.  We cannot chance an even worse catastrophe.”
Dagon looked at the twins, so small, yet so powerful. “Perhaps we should work with the twins to bring their power to move water under control.”
Isa nodded. “Do you have an idea?”
“No, not yet. Our village is too sloped to attempt an irrigation system for crops.” He stared out the window of the School of Medicine, thinking. “I have seen a water mill in Fernland fashioned to connect to a whetstone that is used to sharpen blades and tools. I have often wished we might build such a mill here in Helsop but our river is too full of rocks and rapids to allow it. Perhaps I will walk through the village with an eye toward fashioning a connecting channel that might power such a mill.”
Isa looked skeptical. “Such an enterprise in the hands of babes might easily turn disastrous,” she warned.
“With supervision and guidance I think it less likely,” Dagon replied.
He looked at the twins playing under the table. Shalin glanced up at him and quickly looked away.
“Would you like to take a walk through the village?” he asked Shalin.
Shalin looked at Dagon with a cautious expression. Then she looked at Esme to see if her sister liked the idea.
Esme came out from under the table. “Take wolves?” she asked.
“Yes. We could take the wolves. Perhaps Little Dagon and Timor would like to come as well.”
Timor and Little Dagon loved to spend time with their uncle, especially now that they were missing their father, Olaf. Both boys clustered around Dagon, full of enthusiasm.
Isa took her cape from the hook by the fireplace. “What are we looking for?” she asked.
“We are looking for an area that is flat enough to pool water to a depth that will contain a mill paddle before moving on down the slope in the direction of the river,” Dagon said.
The little group set off to walk through the village. Ebony stayed next to the twins as always and the wolves raced ahead to explore and practice their stalking techniques.
They passed by the blacksmith’s forge and stopped to watch Dorian the Sword Maker as he pulled a sword from the flames and laid it flat on an anvil.
“How goes it Dorian?” Dagon asked.
“Well enough,” he said, taking in the strange group of children and animals. “Any word from Tandor?”
Tandor, one of the men sent to bring white powder back from Taz, was Dorian’s son. Dagon knew Dorian’s casual tone masked an anxious fear for his son’s safety in a country ruled by the Great Khan. “None as yet, nor was any word expected. They have had time to arrive in Taz but not enough time to return.”
Dorian nodded. “That was a bit of excitement we had up at the castle.”
Dagon was quick to change the subject. “It would be nice to have a water mill capable of sharpening blades, would it not?”
Dorian stopped hammering the blade on his anvil and stared curiously at Dagon. “I suspect winter will be on us before any such project might be attempted.”
“True. But one might think ahead a bit. We might try for a channel from the river through the village and back. It would need some depth to accommodate a paddle wheel but it might be done if a proper site were found.”
Dorian put his hands on his hips and looked at Dagon as one might look at someone who has temporarily taken leave of his senses. “This is a very big project you are considering for the sake of sharpening. We have always sharpened tools on a whetstone and found that sufficient for our needs.”
“But suppose we might easily divert water into such a channel. Such a mill could be used for a variety of tasks made easy by using the force of running water.”
Dorian took a deep breath. “Perhaps you might share this secret of easily diverting the course of a river with me.” He frowned at Dagon.
“Our little guests, Shalin and Esme, have a way with water. They need to practice their newfound skills,” Dagon said.
Dorian’s eyes grew large as he looked from Dagon to the twins and then back again. His eyes traveled up to the submerged castle grounds as his mind put two and two together. “A water mill, is it? Yes, that would indeed be a very handy thing to have.”
“We need a place to pool the water before it moves on. Perhaps a place convenient to the new forges us well,” Dagon said.
Dorian nodded. “I know of such a place.” There is a bit of a shelf back by the marshes. It is not far from the new forges. I think it might work.” Dorian took off his heavy leather apron and joined the little group.

They walked up to where the Hammer Haven men had built their homes from the planks of captured Vagan ships and on past the new forges they had built to the swampy area near a bend in the river that ran past the castle.
“You could enlarge these swamps a bit, connect them to the river with a channel and bring the channel around to connect again with the river just before the curve. You could bring it through the village before connecting it but then you would need a bridge to cross it.” Dorian said, holding his chin in his hand as he considered the options.
“A bridge might not be a bad idea,” Dagon said. “It would give us a second line of defense if we needed to take cover in the castle.” He looked at the twins and smiled brightly. “Would you like to play a game that would use your new powers to move water?” he asked.
Shalin looked at Esme cautiously. Esme was smiling and nodding, anxious to play any new game.

Chapter 28

Village of Helsop

A small group of Helsop villagers stood beside a swampy area at the northern edge of the settlement. They huddled together breathing out clouds of mist into the cold morning air. Isa had bundled the twins into winter coats, likely unnecessary, as each twin hugged a wolf for warmth.
Dagon’s best friend, Deimos, pointed to a patch of mud near an area of tall grasses. “That is where we found the assassins’ horses hidden. Those men sent by Bataar to kill you had left their mounts here while they broke into your cottage.”
“I remember,” Dagon said. “I should have dealt with Bataar two years ago when he ordered the assassination.”
Deimos shook his head. “The Vagan river pirates were bad enough. Better you did not give the Great Khan a reason to bring his army to Helsop.”
Dagon’s scowled. “Better perhaps, but not as satisfying.”
Deimos laughed. “So what is it exactly you expect the two little sorceresses to do here?”
“If we roll some rocks in to make a partial dam in the river, we can divert water here to make the swamp into a small lake. From the lake we can run a canal down and around to rejoin the river at the curve by the castle.”
Deimos wrapped his big hand around his chin as he listened. “Yes, that could work. The water would run strong coming out of the lake at the low end.”
Dagon nodded. “Yes, that is where we will situate the mill wheel. The fast moving water will have enough energy to turn the paddles attached to the whetstone.”
“We could do it without sorcery,” Deimos said. “It would take longer but it might avoid another flood.” He looked off in the direction of the castle with a small grin.
Dagon knew his friend was teasing him about the flood that was still receding within the castle walls. “Part of this exercise is to help the twins learn to control their powers. They are going to be here for a while and this might prove the safer course in the long run.”
“You are the Headman,” Deimos said with a shrug.
Dagon looked at his sister who stood beside the little girls. She was scratching Ebony the Panther behind the ears. The big cat seemed to be enjoying the attention, making hoarse rumbling noise that might have been purring.
He walked over and knelt down to speak to the twins at their own level. “We are going to begin by rolling some rocks into the water to make a shallow dam. My men will roll the first rock in and then if you like, you may each call a few to roll in beside the first one. Would you like to try it?”
Esme gave a final hug to her half-grown wolf and then jerked her head down in an emphatic nod. Shalin looked at Isa for permission.
“It is up to you if you want to try it,” Isa said. “Let us go and watch what the men do and then you can decide.”
The two little girls skipped along beside the grown-ups, eager for a new challenge.
They reached a place along the river where the water spread out in a shallow sheet. Two rafts loaded with rocks pulled from the foot of the glacier bobbed in the river, tethered to a stake at the river’s edge. At Dagon’s signal, three men waded into the river and pushed a big rock off the raft to fall into the shallow water.
Shalin and Esme watched carefully and looked to Dagon, eagerly awaiting their turn.
“All right,” Dagon said. “Esme, you can be first. You may call one rock off the raft to roll slowly into the river until it rests beside the first one. Can you do that?”
Esme nodded enthusiastically. She glanced at the raft and without any seeming effort on her part, a rock splashed into the river and rolled to a stop beside the first rock. She honored Dagon with a confident smile that seemed a miniature version of her mother’s.
A few gasps went up among the gathered group, but Isa was quick to glare at anyone expressing a reaction that might make the twins feel uneasy.
“Very nicely done, Esme,” Dagon said, clapping his hands as he smiled at the little girl.
“Shalin, would you like a turn?” he asked.
Shalin nodded with a shy smile. “Just one rock?” she asked.
Dagon could see this could quickly turn into a competition between the two little girls, and that could cause trouble.
“Yes. Only one. Then it is the men’s turn again. It is important that we all take turns.”
Shalin nodded as if she understood the fairness of these rules. She scanned the raft for the largest rock and brought it out from under another rock, allowing the rocks on top to fall back gently into place. The large rock rolled off the raft with a huge splash and took its place in the row along the stream bed.
Dagon began to realize the children’s powers went far beyond what he was asking of them. They might soon find this a boring game. He wiped his forehead with his sleeve, wondering at how he could be perspiring on such a cold morning.
At Dagon’s signal, the men rolled a rock into the water. It stopped short of the row of three rocks. He turned to Esme to find her bottom lip sticking out in an obvious pout.
“Shalin took the biggest rock,” Esme complained.
“Yes,” he said, again wiping his forehead. “But this time we will make it more fun. We will blindfold Deimos and he will turn around two times and then point to a rock. That will be the rock you will roll off the raft. Can you do that?”
Esme grinned and nodded, more interested now that the game had become more complicated.
Dagon took off his neck scarf and waded into the cold water to tie the scarf around Deimos’s eyes as a blindfold. He leaned close to Deimos. “Make sure you can still see a little and be sure to point to a rock near the edge of the raft. These two are capable of anything,” he whispered.
Deimos grimaced and adjusted the scarf loosely around his eyes. “It could be a long day,” he whispered back.
Esme shrieked with giggles as one of the soldiers turned Deimos around twice. Deimos staggered around in the shallow water, then pointed up at the sky, producing more giggles, then finally settled his finger in the direction of a rock close to the edge of the raft.
Esme looked a little disappointed, but in keeping with the rules of the game, rolled the rock into the water to settle between the third and fourth rocks.
By mid-morning their partial dam was complete and they moved to the swamp to watch their lake begin to fill.

Chapter 29

Village of Helsop

Dagon walked the perimeter of his new lake, looking for the best place to situate the mill. Deimos and Dorian walked alongside.
Dorian pointed to the south eastern edge of the newly formed lake. “I believe we should go with the natural low point. We would still get a slight waterfall and it would be enough to turn a shallow wheel of paddles.”
“I agree,” Deimos said. “If it does not work, the water will still find its way back to the river before it can flood the village.”
Dagon nodded slowly. “We should dig a trench at the bottom of the waterfall to channel the water back in the direction of the river.”
“If we bring in some rocks, your little sorceresses could roll them into place to strengthen the sides of the channel,” Dorian said.
“I believe they could do that and more,” Dagon replied. “Did you see how Shalin lifted one rock with her mind to get to the bigger rock beneath it?”
“I did,” Dorian said, “but I chose not to dwell on the thought. I might give myself nightmares.”
Deimos laughed as he nodded in agreement.

After digging a shallow trench below the intended outlet of their man-made lake, the Helsop men rested and ate a lunch of fish and wild onions.
“We will bring in some more rocks,” Dagon told his sister as he huddled close to a small fire, roasting a skewered onion over the flames. “I am hoping the twins can reinforce the sides of our trench as the overflow from the lake falls in. We will have to cart the rocks in from the rafts.”
Shalin had been listening. “We can put ‘maginary’ rocks,” she said.
“Imaginary rocks?” Isa asked, with a curious expression.
Shalin nodded.
“You mean you can move the water by imagining a rock is there?” Isa asked slowly, almost fearing the answer.
Shalin smiled and nodded. She was happy that everyone seemed to have forgotten the flood within the castle walls. The villagers now seemed delighted with the help Shalin and Esme were able to provide.
Isa looked at Dagon and shrugged.
“Show me,” Dagon said. He poured out a bucket of water and watched as it trickled down the slope.
Shalin stared at the trickle of water and put an imaginary stone in its path. The water parted at the imaginary stone and flowed around it in two separate dribbles.
Dagon’s mouth dropped in awe. “That is truly remarkable,” he said, attempting to smile at Shalin. “You can imagine larger rocks as well?”
Shalin nodded, happy to be of help.

The villagers gathered at the edge of the lake which was quickly filling. The men shoveled out a shallow trench at the desired drop point and watched as the water dribbled over a level area to finally drop down into the trench below. As the trench filled, Shalin imagined large rocks on either side of the trench and the water slowly rose to the top of the trench, then into the air above the trench, held in place with imaginary rocks.
The villagers rubbed their eyes as they watched water flow through air as though confined by invisible walls.
At first it was easy. Shalin concentrated on keeping the rocks in place with her mind. She could feel the pressure of the flowing water as a throb in her head. It began to feel more like an ache. The pressure was too much. She could not let go and cause another flood. Everyone would be angry with her. Just as she became desperate, she felt a lessening of pressure. She opened her eyes to see Esme standing close to her. Esme had taken over holding one side of the imaginary rocks in place. Shalin touched Esme’s arm, gratefully.
Gradually the pressure decreased as this flowing water began to dig its own channel through the soft ground below the lake. The water level dropped below the imaginary rocks. When Shalin finally was able to let go, she collapsed with fatigue and relief.
Isa screamed and rushed to scoop Shalin up from the ground. “I’m taking them both to the clinic,” she said, stooping to grab Esme as well.
Dagon ran to take Esme from her and they both hurried to the clinic.
“Is she breathing?” Dagon asked, hardly daring to breathe himself.
“Yes. I believe she will be all right, but I should never have allowed this to happen. It was obviously too much for her to handle. I am so sorry, Shalin,” she whispered.
Shalin’s eyes fluttered open. “What?” she asked, still drowsy.
Isa stopped and looked down at the little girl. “Are you all right, Shalin?”
“Yes.” Shalin looked around. “I got tired.”
Isa laughed and hugged her close. “Of course you did. We let you try something that was too difficult.”
“Esme helped,” Shalin said.
“You did?” Dagon asked the little girl he still held, perhaps a bit too tightly.
Esme nodded, happy to have her help acknowledged.
“You both deserve a special treat,” Dagon said. “What would you like as a reward for your help?”
“A bunny,” Esme said quickly.
Shalin was still considering her answer. “A flute,” she said, finally.
“Done and done,” Dagon said. “We will take you back to the school and I will search the village to find a bunny and a flute.”
Dagon stepped aside as Esme’s two wolves caught up to her. He was almost bowled over by Ebony the Panther as she bounded past him to sniff Shalin for possible injuries.
“It is a good thing for both of us that Shalin is recovered,” Isa said to Dagon, tilting her head in the direction of the anxious panther.
Dagon’s thoughts turned to what Serafina might do if anything were allowed to harm her daughters. “It is a good thing for the whole of Helsop,” he said.

Chapter 30

Manoa

Elka and Gallos sat in the bow of a small sailboat eating a picnic lunch the castle cook had prepared for them. Elka leaned against a folded sail and ate a fruit that was new to her.
“It is called a mango,” Gallos said. “They grow wild but are also grown in groves. Do you like it?”
“I find it exquisite. I have never tasted anything to match it,” Elka said, licking her fingers to savor the fruit’s juice.
Gallos smiled. “I am glad,” he said.
Elka dropped her hand over the side of the boat to wash it clean with seawater. “May I ask you a question?” Elka said, wiping her wet hand on her tunic.
“Of course,” Gallos said.
“Why did you choose me? We hardly spoke at the wedding festivities in Fernland.”
“I was impressed with your will to win at the boat race on King’s Lake. Even though I was competing against you, I found myself cheering for you at the finish line.” Gallos smiled again. “And of course I found you very beautiful, as did everyone who saw you.”
Elka blushed. “So it had nothing to do with the Kingdom of Sandovia or my father’s wealth?”
“No. Is your father wealthy?”
Elka shook her head. “He was wealthy before our pirates became so plentiful. Now he is forced to spend all his money on armaments and soldiers.” Elka gazed out at the water and the island to the west. “How is it that you have not married before now?”
“I have been very busy,” Gallos said. “My parents had no children for many years and were quite grateful when I came along followed two years later by my brother. As soon as I turned twelve, my father began to assign duties to me. I have authority over disputes and allocations and of course my brother has been assigned to handle Manoa’s ambassadorial duties. It is only since my mother fell ill that my parents seemed to notice I was without a wife.”
“So they approve of your proposal?” Elka asked.
“I believe it would be more accurate to say they are fervently hoping that my proposal will be accepted.” Gallos smiled, threw a grape in the air and caught it with his open mouth.
“And do you hope it succeeds as well?” she asked, her head tilted inquisitively.
“I am hoping the most fervently of all of us.”
Elka laughed. “How would you feel about a long engagement?”
Gallos’ face fell into a wistful expression. “Are you hoping for other offers?”
“No!” Electra said loudly. She smoothed out her tunic with her hand while she looked out at White Cliffs Island. “No, I am not,” she said in a more controlled voice. “I am hoping for time to find out what I have to offer. I have such a fierce desire to do something of my own choosing, which sounds ridiculous since I do not yet know what it might be.” She paused before looking into Gallos’ eyes. “I admire Electra of Helsop so much for becoming a physician even though others tried to dissuade her. She has her own school, did you know? She is doing something that matters. She is making a difference in people’s lives.” Elka shook her head. “I apologize. I sound as if I am making a speech.”
Prince Gallos waved his hand. “Not at all. I also admire Electra. I see no reason why you should not use whatever talents you have to serve others. In fact I think we are all of us obligated to use our talents to serve others.”
Elka raised her eyes to meet his. “You do?”
Gallos nodded. “Absolutely. I know you have a talent for sailing. Perhaps while you are here you might teach some of our young people to sail.”
“I would love that,” Elka said, clasping her hands together. “When could I begin?”
“We could begin at once. I will have notices put up in the village. We will gather a few boats together at the docks and you could begin this afternoon.”
“But this is wonderful.” Elka stopped to marshal her thoughts. “Ten to twelve year olds, I think. I was ten when I learned to sail. I will teach both boys and girls but no more than five in a class. I will need a helper to make sure no one goes overboard.”
“I will be your helper,” Gallos said.
Elka laughed. “I cannot ask that of you. You have more important duties to attend to.”
“Nothing is more important to me than making your wishes come true.”
“But...”
“I insist. And besides, it sounds like a thing I would enjoy, so please do not exclude me. Tell me how I might be of assistance.”
Elka pressed her lips together. “Very well then. I will make up the notices while you gather the sailboats. We can post the notices at the market stalls down by the docks and be ready to begin at once.”

News of the sailing lessons spread quickly and by afternoon a large crowd of young people stood waiting on the docks, eager to begin lessons taught by Prince Gallos and the beautiful young princess.
“I had not expected so many,” Princess Elka said, looking a little flustered.
“We had best assign them different times in groups of five. If we allow each group an hour we could give four groups a lesson today and the rest lessons tomorrow,” Prince Gallos suggested.
“Yes, that is a good plan,” Elka said, taking a deep breath. “Today we will only teach them how to make ready to sail and the parts of the sailboats.” She looked up uncertainly. “Does that seem a good plan?”
“That seems a very good plan, but then, I am only the assistant. Shall I bring up the first group?”
“Yes. I think we are ready. Tell those who will have lessons today that they may stay and watch until their turn comes. We will start with the oldest and the younger ones can learn a bit from watching. Tell the others to come back tomorrow.”
Prince Gallos made a small bow and went to summon their first class.
Princess Elka walked out to inspect her sailboats before the children came aboard. She took another deep breath and said to herself, “I can do this!” Then she smiled as she watched Prince Gallos laughing with the eager children as he lined them up.  “This kind man could be my husband,” she murmured.

Chapter 31

White Cliffs Island, Manoa

Serafina settled into Tristan’s library for an evening of reading aloud. Rose sat on the couch with her legs folded beneath her, no doubt harking back to evenings long ago when her father would read aloud to her. Serafina sipped a glass of fine aged wine as she listened to Tristan’s reading of a favorite poem. She thought about what she might do with the two men Sloan had hired to work her guano beds.
Serafina’s attention turned back to her hosts as something Rose was saying caught her attention. “And Tristan has decided to write a history of Manoa. His library is quite extensive but at some point he will need to contact King Shabas for permission to examine the royal archives of Manoa.”
Serafina turned her attention to Tristan. He had hired two armed guards to keep people off his island. Before Rose and Serafina came ashore as shipwreck victims over a year ago he had allowed no visitors, nor had he ever left the island himself. She watched to see his reaction to Rose’s statement.
Tristan shrugged when he saw Serafina watching him. He smiled. “I suppose I will need to view the books in the archives if it is to be a thorough history.”
“Of course you must,” Serafina said casually, wondering how this departure from his usual isolation might affect her monopoly over the guano needed to make the explosive white powder.
“We could invite Prince Gallos to the island for a visit and you could show him your collection of books,” Rose suggested in a tentative voice.
Tristan pursed his lips, considering. He seemed much more confident now than he had been a year ago and much less defensive of his marred facial features. “I suppose we could invite his future bride as well. She would no doubt welcome meeting someone young and newly married like you.”
Rose put her hand over her mouth in surprise. “You think the Princess would like to meet me?” she asked in a shocked voice.
“Yes, I am quite sure she would, in fact,” Tristan said in a confident tone. “I will ask Henry to deliver an invitation.”
“I am overwhelmed,” Rose said. “A real princess. Oh my.” She turned in Serafina’s general direction. “We must plan something special for their visit. Serafina, I am so thankful you are here. You will stay for their visit, won’t you?”
“I would not miss it,” Serafina said, as she reasoned to herself – this will be an opportunity to confirm my rights to the island’s guano with the future King of Manoa.”
“We must write an invitation for Henry to deliver,” Rose said. “And we must find out what things are of interest to the new princess.”

The next morning Henry set out for Manoa in his rowboat. He had the invitation in hand. Serafina excused herself after breakfast, telling her hosts she needed to speak to the two new men Sloan had hired to mine the guano. She walked slowly with her cane until she was sure she was out of sight, then relaxed and continued on to the far end of the island at a brisk pace.
She saw the two men from a high bluff and watched as they worked on the hillside below. They shoveled the white guano that gave the island its name –White Cliffs – into burlap bags. They stopped occasionally to wipe their brows or exchange a few words with one another but they seemed to be good workers, keeping to a steady pace. She took up her cane and limped down the trail from the bluff to the hillside below.
The two men looked up, startled to see a stranger on the island.
“Good morning gentlemen,” Serafina said.
“Ah, good morning,” the older of the two men said. “Do the guards know you’re on the island?” he blurted out.
“Yes, they do,” Serafina said.
“Ah, all right then. Usually no one is allowed.” The man squinted into the sun to get a better look at Serafina. “They are armed you know, with orders to shoot arrows at any trespassers.”
“Yes, I do know that,” Serafina said.
The younger man looked at the older man, shrugged, and took up his shovel to get back to work.
“I am the person who hired Sloan to work the guano deposits,” Serafina said.
At this bit of news, both men took off their hats and stood at attention. “Good to make your acquaintance, Ma’am,” the older man said. “I am called Balor and this is my son, Pontos.”
“You may call me Serafina,” she said.
“Have you come to look over our operation?” Balor asked.
“Yes, thank you. I would appreciate a summary of your operation,” Serafina said.
Balor gestured down the path to the flat area close to the loading dock where they purified the white powder that was destined for the Port of Henge.
“Sloan asked us to send half of what we mine over to him in Manoa and purify the other half to load onto the Pride of Manoa when it comes into port. We have to go a little further up the hill now to get our quota each day so we’ve been hard-pressed to get the other half purified. But so far we’ve managed it.”
“I have noticed a decline in the quality of late,” Serafina said.
“Balor nodded and looked a little ashamed. “Sloan told us filling the quota is most important since the guano works just as well as a fertilizer whether it’s fully purified or not.” He looked at Serafina with a questioning expression.
“Actually, he is mistaken in that regard,” Serafina said. “I have more specific needs than does Sloan.”
“Shall I tell him that?” Balor asked, uncertain of where his loyalties lay.
Serafina shook her head. “No. Since I am here for a visit I will tell him myself. For now I would like you to slow your pace a bit and spend your time purifying all you are able to mine. I intend to promote Sloan to a job near me and will likely be sending a new man to take his place.” Serafina’s eyes narrowed and she smiled to put the men at ease. “Please say nothing to Sloan should you see him. I intend his promotion to be a surprise.”
Balor and Pontos nodded in unison and replaced their hats as they took up their shovels.
Serafina climbed resolutely up the hill, leaning heavily on her cane.  When she reached the top, she turned back to see that the two men had returned to their work with renewed energy.

Chapter 32

White Cliffs Island

Serafina brushed out Rose’s hair and twisted it into a pleasing style which she secured with a ribbon.
Rose touched the ribbon with her fingers and smiled. “I am glad you will be here to tell me what the Princess Elka is wearing. Tristan never notices such things,” Rose said, as she smoothed out her own satin gown. “Henry told me she is interested in sailing and is teaching the village children how to sail.”
“I have heard a similar rumor,” Serafina said.
“I wonder if Tristan might agree to a race from Manoa’s harbor to our island.” Rose put her hand on her chin as she considered her idea. “I was so surprised when he agreed to invite Prince Gallos and Princess Elka to White Cliffs. What do you suppose has changed his mind about allowing visitors?”
Serafina put her hand on Rose’s shoulder. “I believe he realizes having a child will change his priorities. He will want his son or daughter to have friends,” Serafina said.
“I do so hope you are right. I believe his parents were friends of King Shabas and Queen Shana. Would it not be wonderful if our children and Prince Gallos’ children were friends?”
“I expect it will happen in just that way,” Serafina agreed.
“Do you believe Princess Elka will accept Prince Gallos’ offer of marriage?”
“We will be able to judge the feeling between them at dinner tonight,” Serafina said.
“Yes. Thank you so much for staying for this dinner. I would not have known I looked presentable otherwise. I might have looked a fright.”
“I am sure not. You and the Princess could be sisters with your blonde hair and blue eyes.”
“Truly? Surely I look a bubble about to burst.”
Serafina laughed. “I am sure Princess Elka is anxious to meet someone near her age. She is sixteen I believe.”
“And I am eighteen,” Rose said. “She is younger than I realized.”
“We had best go down. They should be arriving shortly,” Serafina said.

Prince Gallos and Princess Elka arrived in the royal yacht, a large sailboat with a cabin below decks. They anchored offshore and took a small dinghy to the beach where Tristan, Rose and Serafina waited to greet them.
Prince Gallos carried a satchel of books over one shoulder and helped Elka ashore with his other arm.
“Greetings, Tristan of White Cliffs,” Prince Gallos said. “May I present Princess Elka of Sandovia.”
Tristan looked at the Prince and Princess warily. Neither one’s eyes lingered on the port wine stain that covered most of Tristan’s face. They must have been warned not to gawk.
“Welcome to White Cliffs,” Tristan said, gesturing at Rose. “My wife, Rose, and our good friend, Serafina. I see you have brought books to put me to work.” He smiled and reached out to shake hands.
Prince Gallos nodded. “I will leave them with you and you may peruse them at your leisure.”
Rose stepped forward and held out her hand. “We are so honored by your visit.”
Elka took her hand and glanced briefly at Rose’s unseeing eyes. “We are so honored to have been invited. I understand it is a rare privilege.”
“Perhaps not so rare in future,” Tristan said. “Please come up to our home. Henry has outdone himself in preparing dinner.”

When the little group was arranged in the library Tristan took some time to show Prince Gallos his books on the island’s flora and fauna while Princess Elka chatted with Rose and Serafina.
“I understand you have an interest in sailing,” Rose said.
“I do,” Elka replied. “These last few days spent teaching the children to sail have been some of the best days of my life. You are so fortunate here to be free of attacks by pirates.”
“Pirates!” Rose repeated. “I never considered it. And do you have that worry in your homeland?”
“Yes, we do. Pirates are a very big problem in Sandovia.” She turned to look at Serafina. “Are you from Manoa as well, Serafina?” she asked.
“No, I am from a colder clime to the north. Rose and Tristan have graciously allowed me to remove shipments of fertilizer from their island and I came to visit that enterprise as well as to see my friends here on the island,” Serafina said.
Rose reached out to rest her hand on Serafina’s arm. “If it were not for Serafina, Tristan and I would never have met. Our sailboat overturned offshore and Tristan rescued us.”
“Your sailboat overturned?”
“Yes, some very large fish bumped into our boat and sent us flying,” Rose said.
“I have not yet seen such a large fish here,” Elka said. “I must caution the children.” She turned to where Tristan and Gallos sat, looking through one another’s books. “Are you familiar with these large fish which can overturn boats?” Elka asked.
Gallos looked up. “We have white sharks which grow very large and of course the great whales which come to our warm waters to mate and birth their young.”
“Do you think they pose a danger to the children in their sailboats?” Elka asked.
“No. They usually stay clear of boats,” Gallos said.
Elka turned back to Rose. “You were very lucky if it was a shark that bumped you.”
“Yes, very,” Serafina agreed.
Rose’s face was a little pale. She had likely not considered how catastrophic their boat’s misadventure might have been. “I had thought to suggest a race from Manoa to White Cliffs Island but now it seems a dangerous thought,” she said.
“A race? I love the idea,” Elka said. “But I do not know how much longer I will be here. My brother Oswald has gone with Prince Manos to an island north of here that was attacked by their enemies. They built a water gate to fend off an attack by sea and Oswald wanted to study its construction. As soon as he returns we will have to leave for Sandovia where father awaits our, umm, cargo.”
Serafina smiled. She knew the cargo Elka spoke of was the weapons shipment Oswald had brought from Helsop. “No doubt you are eager to return to your family.”
“Not so eager as I expected to be,” Elka said. “It seems I have fallen in love with Manoa and its…,” she glanced at Prince Gallos before continuing. “Its, ah, people.”
Serafina saw the gleam in Elka’s eyes and knew she would soon be accepting Prince Gallos’ proposal of marriage.

Chapter 33

White Cliffs Island

Serafina left White Cliffs Island the next morning, telling Rose and Tristan she would return as soon as she checked with the harbormaster at Manoa to see if she had any messages from her niece. She walked up the hill from the docks to the house near the castle wall.
Serafina waited while Sloan weighed a bag of fertilizer, handed it to a customer and pocketed the money. He looked at the next person in line and his eyes grew wide with shock as recognition dawned.
“Serafina! I did not know you were coming to Manoa!” he said. He looked around at the bags of fertilizer waiting to be sold and fumbled for an explanation. “We had an excess of fertilizer this time so I decided to sell it here and send the money on to you.”
“I see. I have just returned from my visit to White Cliffs where I met the two men – Balor and Pontos – that you hired to mine the guano. It seems there is no longer a need for you in my fertilizer enterprise.”
Sloan was about to protest when Serafina held up her hand. “Do not worry. I see you are very enterprising and have decided to offer you a better position. I will pay your fare to return with me to my country where I will show you my distribution center. I will raise your pay and give you a place to live and a person to cook your meals. You may accept or reject the position after you have viewed the operation. What do you say?” Serafina asked.
Sloan realized he would be fired if he did not accept the offer. Of course, he could reject it with some excuse and return to Manoa if he chose.
“You are most kind,” he said. “I will be happy to view your operation. If it does not seem a good fit I will return and dismiss Balor and Pontos and continue on as before – that is, before I felt ill and was obliged to hire two men to do the work I had previously done alone. I am quite recuperated now, as you see, and ready to work.”
“That seems a good idea,” Serafina said. “We will leave tomorrow when the Pride of Manoa is due in port.”
Sloan took a deep breath, wiped the perspiration from his brow and nodded. “I will be ready. Where is it we are going?”
“A small city on the coast. I am sure no one here has heard of it. But you may find it the perfect place for you,” Serafina said.

That afternoon Serafina watched as the King Gundar made ready to sail. Prince Oswald had returned with Prince Manos from viewing the water gate at an island north of Manoa. Prince Gallos joined them with Princess Elka on his arm. Princess Elka saw Serafina and waved a beckoning hand, inviting her to join them on the dock.
“Are you leaving Manoa so soon?” Serafina asked the young Princess in her old woman’s voice.
“Yes.” Princess Elka cast an adoring glance up at Prince Gallos. “We have agreed to become engaged. I have asked for a long engagement but I find I am now reluctant to leave Manoa and anxious to return. Perhaps it will not be such a long engagement after all,” Princess Elka said with a smile.
Prince Gallos laughed and pressed Elka’s fingers to his lips. “It will be so lonely here without you. Please return as soon as you are able.”
Elka looked again at Serafina. “Will I find you here at Manoa when I return?”
“No, not likely,” Serafina replied. “I have received word from my niece that I am needed at home. My man Sloan will be traveling with me. He may stay on and take care of my fertilizer distribution.”
Elka took Serafina’s hand in hers. “I enjoyed meeting you and Rose and Tristan on White Cliffs very much. I hope to visit often, once I have joined the Royal Family here.”
“As do I,” Serafina said. She turned to find Prince Oswald studying her face and gave a hoarse cough as she leaned more heavily on her cane. “You must be Prince Oswald, Princess Elka’s brother,” she stated.
“I am,” he said.
“Please excuse my bad manners,” Princess Elka said. “As you have guessed, this is my brother, Prince Oswald and Prince Gallos’ brother, Prince Manos. Serafina is a friend of Rose and Tristan of White Cliffs. We took books to Tristan who is writing a history of White Cliffs Island and Manoa.”
The two men nodded at Serafina.
Serafina gave a slight bow and said, “Elka has mentioned you both. Did you find the water gate a solution you might use to ward off your pirates in Sandovia?”
Prince Oswald shook his head. “Sadly, no. Their port is protected by a horseshoe shaped entrance which makes such a gate feasible. It would not work with the long headlands that border Sandovia.” He continued to stare curiously at Serafina. “Have you pirates in your country? What did you say was the name of your country?”
“Pasture lands. No. We have no ports to speak of. We are a nation of farmers. Without ports, we have no fear of pirates. Our main source of worry is the weather. Good weather means good crops. Of course the fertilizer helps.”
“Pasture lands,” Oswald mused. “Is that the name of your country or a description...”
Oswald’s question was cut off by the blowing of the ship’s horn.
“I suppose we must say our goodbyes,” Elka said.
 Prince Gallos bent down to kiss Elka’s cheek. He gave her a hug and seemed reluctant to allow her to board the ship.
“I will come as soon as I am able to visit you in Sandovia,” he said.
“And I will return to Manoa as soon as I am able,” Elka promised.
The men all shook hands and Prince Oswald followed his sister on board the King Gundar.
They waved goodbye as the ship was rowed away from the dock to the open sea where the sails were quickly unfurled and billowed out by a brisk breeze.
Serafina slipped away while the two princes were still occupied with waving goodbye to their future queen. She walked to the harbormaster’s office at the end of the pier.
She peered into the office and saw a short man bent over a desk, shuffling through nautical charts.  He looked up.  “Yes, may I be of assistance?” he asked.
“Might I leave a message here for Henry to take back to White Cliffs Island on his next market visit?”
“Yes, of course.”  He glanced at his calendar.  “He will be here for his weekly shopping the day after tomorrow.”
Serafina smiled.  “I know.  Could you tell him to advise Rose and Tristan I was called away on urgent family business and I am sorry I will not be able to return to White Cliffs?”
The Harbor Master’s face registered a moment of surprise, which he quickly squelched.  “And who shall I say the message is from?”
“Serafina,” she said, as she pressed a silver coin into the palm of his hand.
He closed his hand around the coin.  “I will be sure to deliver the message personally.”

Chapter 34

Desert outside Taz

Tandor and Olaf approached the oasis on horses they had purchased from the Barburee nomads. They had decided to purchase two extra horses to carry the bags of white powder they would scrape from the walls of the cave outside the oasis. They had also purchased candles from the Barburee tribesmen. Tandor knew the old man who lived at the oasis would charge three times as much for anything needed to remove the powder from the cave.
The last time Tandor had been to the cave he had been accompanied by Muller the Spy and Hilgard the Language Student. He had brought back enough white powder to last Helsop a long time, but since the Vagan attack on their village and their gift of a large share to King Geoffrey, they had almost depleted their stores.
As they neared the oasis, Tandor slowed his horse and waited for Olaf to move up beside him.
“If the same old man is here, he will offer us a meal for a silver coin. He is not to be trusted in much. Last time I was here we hired him as a guide and he slipped away in the middle of the night. But it might be worth it to pay one silver for a hot meal.”
They entered the small oasis and led the horses to water. They were not near death from thirst this time as it was winter and some of the dry riverbeds held water from recent rains. They left their horses at the spring and Tandor led the way to the old man’s shack. They smelled food cooking and shouted hello outside the door.
The old man stuck his head out from the door.  He was smiling but when he saw Tandor his smile was replaced by a look of fear. Tandor wondered if the old man thought he had come to kill him for deserting him and his friends the last time they had sought his help.
The old man closed the door quickly. Tandor did not speak the old man’s desert tongue and this time Hilgard the Language Student was not along to translate. Tandor suspected the old man understood a little English, so he tried again.
“Come out. We are not here to kill you. We are on our way to the cave. We will need a ladder.”
The old man opened the door a crack and peered out. He put his fingers to his mouth in a gesture that pantomimed eating. Tandor nodded and pulled a silver coin from his pocket. He mimicked the old man’s eating gesture and added his own pantomime of climbing a ladder. Then he showed the silver coin once again.
The old man stared at Olaf and Tandor for a moment. Olaf was a big man who also looked very strong. He was not prone to smiling and no doubt seemed a threat to the old man. Tandor was young, still quite slender and likely more gullible. The old man considered his options and decided to take his chances. He smiled again and reached for the coin.
After a few minutes the old man brought out two big bowls of hot stew for his guests and a smaller bowl for himself. They ate together in a strained silence. Then Tandor made a climbing motion again and the old man brought out a wooden ladder. Tandor rounded up their four horses and Olaf tied the ladder onto the saddle of one of the pack horses. There was still time to reach the cave before night fell.
Tandor led the way to the cave. He remembered enough landmarks along the way to find the rock that guarded the entrance. He was surprised to see the branches that camouflaged the entrance had been cleared away, making the opening to the cave very visible. He began to have a bad feeling about what they would find inside.
“Be careful,” he told Olaf. “It is almost sunset and the bats will be swarming out any minute now.”
They unloaded their burlap bags, their candles and their ladder and stooped through the opening into the first chamber. The light from the cave’s entrance made the candles unnecessary. They could see the sides of the walls had been scraped clean. They could also see that the opening to the second chamber had been enlarged. “Someone has been here ahead of us,” Tandor said. “That second opening was almost invisible before.”
They climbed into the second chamber and searched the wall, high up, where a crack led to the third and final cavern. Tandor set up his ladder and lit a candle to peer into the third chamber. He climbed up the ladder, candle in hand, just as a noise erupted from inside the third chamber. It was the noise of thousands of small wings. Tandor quickly climbed back down and circled his head with his arms as thousands of bats flew from the cave’s ceiling, awake now and ready to hunt through the night for the insects that made up their diet and sustained them through another day of sleep.
As the wind of wings and tiny squeaks died down, Tandor once again climbed up the ladder with his candle in hand. He pushed his light through the opening and looked into the third chamber. The pristine white calcite pillars had been pushed over and trampled. The pool of water was fouled and littered with chunks of stalagmites and stalactites. The white scum that lined the walls and made up the precious third ingredient of the exploding powder had been scraped from the walls and carried away.
“We are too late. Someone has been here and taken away all the white powder,” Tandor said.
Olaf scowled. “That old man must have known this when he sold us the ladder,” he said.
“Of course he knew. He is probably the one who told others about this third chamber we discovered – most likely it was the Barburee men who took it. We are fortunate we did not come unprepared this time or he would likely have sold us bags and candles and camels as well,” Tandor said in an angry voice.
“Do you think there might be a fourth chamber?” Olaf asked.
“No. If there were, the bats would have made it their sleeping place. But we saw them roosting in the third chamber when we broke through.”
Olaf shrugged. “I suppose there is nothing left but to go ahead to Venito and wait for the ship. Perhaps we can sell the horses and our supplies there.”
“I suppose so,” Tandor agreed. “I would like to ask the old man if he knows of other caves in this region, but I am certain he will have fled the oasis by now, afraid we will extract revenge for the ladder if not for abandoning me and the others the last time we trusted him.”
The two men slept the remainder of the night outside the cave next to their horses and decided to head for Venito the next morning without bothering to return to the oasis.

Chapter 35

City of Taz

Electra stood outside Odval’s yurt wondering if this last visit was a good idea. She had given in to Odval’s demands for a fertility charm to ensure the birth of a girl for Bataar’s new wife should such a marriage come to pass. She had never seen Serafina make a charm to ensure the birth of a girl and did not really believe charms worked in any case. But she knew Odval would not give up on begging for such a charm, so she made a pretty gold pendant with a little hole into which she squeezed a single grain of wheat sealed with a pearl. She hoped it would not be too obvious that this charm had no power to direct the fates.
Electra lifted the tent flap and was surprised to see Bataar sitting cross-legged before a small fire, Mongke in his lap.
“You come see little warrior?” Bataar asked with a smile.
Electra quickly pocketed the gold charm after noting Odval’s expression of fear. She was skewering chunks of lamb on a sharp stick, making ready to lay the chunks of meat on the coals of the fire.
“Yes. I have come to say goodbye to Mongke and his parents. I will leave soon with, ah, the ship going to Fernland.” She did not know what the Caliph called himself when he dealt with the Barburee nomads and did not wish to give any clues to his identity as the former ruler of Taz. “I understand you will be leaving for China soon, yourself,” she said, looking at Bataar.
“You bring present for Mongke?” Bataar asked, looking at the pocket where she had stuffed her gold pendant.
“This?” she said, drawing it out. “No, this is something I made for Odval. A..., giving birth present.” She brought out the pendant and dropped it into Odval’s hand.
Bataar spoke to his wife and a look of horror flitted across Odval’s face as she hung the pendant around her neck and held her hands up, clasped together in a gesture of thanks.
Electra stood awkwardly, aware of Odval’s horror at having been obliged to wear a charm that would ensure the birth of a daughter.
“I wish you a safe trip,” Electra said to Bataar. “You have a fine son.” She managed a smile as she turned to leave the tent.
“May be brother get China wife, be better,” Bataar said as Electra stepped out the door of the yurt.
Electra turned and stepped back in letting the flap fall into place behind her. “Avor? A wife from China?” She struggled to think of a good reason why this should not happen. “I think he is rather keen on a wife from Sandovia,” she said in what she hoped was a light, joking manner.
“May be one now, other later,” Bataar said, holding Mongke up in a bouncing motion.
“It might be a good idea to ask King Geoffrey first,” Electra said in a more serious tone. “Good journey to you.” She left quickly before Bataar could spring any more surprises on her.

Electra saw small boats ferrying women and children on to the ship the Caliph would be using for the return trip to Fernland—the only ship left in the harbor.  The Taz fleet of ships bound for China had left early that morning after many tearful goodbyes. No one knew exactly what they would encounter on this forced trip to China. It could be simply intelligence gathering as Bataar had insisted. But if they were attacked while gathering intelligence in foreign ports, they would be forced to defend themselves. The Barburee men who traveled only on horseback would be no help at sea.
Electra had been tempted to offer the women and children refugee status again in Fernland, but she knew she did not have the authority to make such an offer and the Caliph knew it as well. In fact he was facing a great risk of being turned away from Fernland with his ship full of women and children. He would have to beg King Geoffrey’s mercy for his refugees. If the Caliph could be assured of Queen Delphinia’s presence at the negotiations, she knew he had a good chance of success. She would try to make sure her mother was included in any negotiations.
Electra spotted her brother, Avor, adding a blanket full of items to the saddlebags on his horse. He chose some arrow tips and a file, then tied a water gourd to his saddle horn.
“We will be leaving at the same time, going in different directions,” Electra said as she came near her brother.
Avor nodded. “Home and far from home. I hardly know what to expect. Perhaps it is better this way. No expectations.” He looked up from his work.
“You could just come on board with us and leave a message for Bataar that you were called home suddenly. What difference could it make? You would still be his friend,” Electra said.
“I am actually quite excited about going to China,” he said. “It seems the better choice just now.”
Electra’s sighed. “I was afraid you might say that.” She looked away out to the sparkling blue sea. “Bataar says you may come back with a wife from China.”
Avor laughed. “Is that why he wants me to go along?”
“I suppose he takes being your friend seriously. He says you could get one wife now from China and another later from Sandovia.”
Avor knocked his head against the saddle of his horse. “I should have guessed. Bataar is a romantic at heart.”
“It might be wise to put away your sad face and convince him you are now committed to be free of a wife for some time to come.”
Avor laughed again. “You may be right in that.” He stuck his foot in a stirrup and lifted himself up easily onto his short Barburee horse. He had chosen to leave Sassafras behind in the care of the soldiers guarding Taz.  The small Barburee horses thrived on the grass of the Steppes.  His own larger horse would likely slowly starve on such fare. 
“Safe journey to you, Electra,” he said.
“Safe journey to you, Avor,” Electra said as her brother urged his horse forward with his knees in the Barburee fashion.
Electra watched her brother ride off toward the Barburee yurts until he was hidden from view. She gathered her skirts in her hand and ran up the steps to her room to begin packing for her own trip home. She almost collided with the Caliph in the hallway.
“Are you ready to leave?” he asked.
“I just have to gather my things. I have said my goodbyes.”
“Good. I have saved a cabin for you. The hold is full. We will have to leave many women and children behind. But with a good supply of ‘fertilizer’ as a gift, perhaps your father will allow a second ship full of refugees to be summoned.”
“You must not lose hope. We will speak to my mother about their plight,” Electra said.
The Caliph nodded with a slight smile.

Chapter 36

Port of Venito

Tandor and Olaf sat in front of a tavern on the shore of Venito. They shared a weathered wooden bench that faced out to sea. They had been sitting on the same bench for three days now, buying a cup of ale early in the day and taking tiny sips of their drink whenever the tavern owner appeared in the doorway.
“You don’t think they could have arrived the day before we got here and gone on without us?” Olaf asked.
“It is possible, but we saved two days by finding no white powder to mine,” Tandor said.
“I do not like the way that man studies us,” Olaf said, staring down the wharf at a man with a kerchief round his head and a gold earring dangling from one ear. “I saw him when we first arrived. He knows we have money from selling the horses.”
“He is likely a pirate or a spy for pirates,” Tandor agreed. “The pirates watch for signals from land if a ship comes into port that is worth capture for its cargo. That man might be a spy for such pirates but I do not think he would try attacking us on land.”
“This is a dangerous place,” Olaf said. “It makes me glad to live in a place that is remote, even if it is very cold in winter.”
“Do you think the Vagan river pirates will ever return to attack Helsop again?” Tandor asked, to pass the time.
“I do not think so,” Olaf said, putting his ale to his lips, but lowering it again without taking a drink. “The few who managed to escape will not soon forget the losses they suffered.”
“Look out past the island,” Tandor said. “I see a ship turning towards us.”
Olaf put his hand up to shield his eyes from the sun. “It looks to be a ship from Taz,” Olaf said. After a fortnight of Physician Rabar’s herbal remedy Olaf was surprised to see a marked improvement in his vision. His dizzy spells were not so frequent and his headaches were not as painful as before.
Both men stood up and strained to make out the details of the ship.
“I believe it is the Spirit of Taz. I can tell by the fit of the sails,” Tandor said.
Both men drank down their remaining ale in great swallows. They laid the empty mugs on the bench and turned to walk down to the beach where the shore boats landed.
“Look. That man is leaving,” Olaf whispered. “I’ll bet he is going to signal the pirates. I think I will stop him.”
“We have no proof,” Tandor said. “He could tell the soldiers we attacked him for no reason and they might take us prisoner,” Tandor cautioned.
Olaf stood quiet for a moment, considering. The man with the golden earring was already disappearing over the bridge that led to the bazaar. He shrugged. “Let us just get aboard as quickly as possible then.” 
They ran down to the beach as the Spirit of Taz slowed in the shallow water of the harbor and a great rock was thrown overboard to anchor the ship.
Tandor and Olaf waited anxiously on the beach as a shore boat was lowered. It looked as if the Caliph himself was preparing to man the oars. He stood ready at the top of the rope ladder as the shore boat hit the water.
A great shout went up as another sleek boat came round the island heading fast toward the Spirit of Taz. The Caliph quickly cut the shore boat loose and ordered the anchor raised.
By the time the rock anchor was up the swift pirate ship had swung alongside. Grappling hooks were quickly thrown out to make fast their prize. The Spirit of Taz was boarded as Tandor and Olaf watched helplessly from shore.
It looked as though only unarmed women and children were aboard. A handful of crew men raised swords and those few soon surrendered on the Caliph’s orders.
The pirates quickly took over the Spirit of Taz and sailed both ships back to their pirates lair.
Olaf waded out to his waist into the shallow water, cursing the pirates and his own inability to attack them.
“You must have been right about the man with the gold earring,” Tandor said, wading out to stand with him.

On the Spirit of Taz, Electra watched fearfully as the pirates swarmed the ship. She looked down at her gold wedding ring and quickly removed it. She widened a tiny hole in the pocket of her cloak and dropped the ring through so that it fell between the outer woolen layer and the inner satin lining of the cloak. The cloak had been a gift from Queen Delphinia.  It was well-made and thick enough to hide the bulge of a ring.
The pirates seemed surprised to find a ship full of women and children. They shouted at them in a language most did not understand and waved their swords about in a menacing manner, but did not kill anyone, for which Electra was very grateful. Perhaps they would realize it was a mistake to capture the ship, she hoped. Perhaps they would set them all free.
The pirates busied themselves going about the women and children yanking off any jewelry or trinkets that caught their eye. One of the pirates looked at Electra and roughly pushed her back, examining her wrists and fingers, then pulled off her woolen cloak and stuffed it into a burlap bag.
The pirates motioned the women and children to sit down on the deck of the ship as they positioned the sails to catch the breeze that would take the Spirit of Taz back to their hideaway.
Electra sat down and noticed Haddad’s daughter, Laleh, sitting nearby. She reached out and took her hand. Electra had not learned to speak the Taz language but Laleh was one of the few who spoke English.
“Tell the children the pirates have no reason to kill us. They will likely hold us prisoners, hoping for a ransom.” She watched the terrified and crying children as Laleh relayed her message. Most stopped crying to listen, wide-eyed as Laleh tried to calm them with her words.
Electra breathed a little easier as the children took heart. She knew it was possible the pirates might decide to kill the children to stop their crying.
“Olaf and Tandor were on shore watching,” Electra whispered to Laleh. “They may be able to provide a ransom.”
One of the pirates came by and stuck the point of his knife into Electra’s neck. She felt a tiny trickle of blood flow down from the prick. The pirate leaned down toward her and shouted something that Electra did not understand, but guessed that it likely meant – stop talking.
She lowered her eyes so as not to anger him further. He removed the point of his knife and walked on.

Electra looked up a few minutes later, in time to see the opening of a cave. It was half above and half below the water, on a small island among many larger islands. Their ship entered the narrow crevice of the cave and shadows enveloped them.

Chapter 37

Port of Venito

As the women and children were led off the Spirit of Taz and into the cold dark interior of the cave, Electra edged her way toward the Caliph. He walked slowly, almost painfully, as if his joints were not functioning properly. Electra knew the Caliph must be in his sixties or seventies. He could very likely be suffering from arthritis.
“Are you all right?” she whispered as she drew near him.
The Caliph managed a wry smile. “As well as could be expected under the circumstances,” he said.
“Can you understand what the pirates are saying?”
“Yes. I can speak their tongue, though they have not bothered to question me as yet. They are happy to have captured our ship. It is a very good ship. They know I have been here before, asking those friends we once had in Venito to shelter our women and children while we found a new place to live. You remember what good friends they turned out to be.”
Electra did remember. When she had made her first trip to Taz she had been with her mentor, Physician Rabar. He had stopped to pick up those women and children who had been consigned to shelter in Venito. He had found them ill-treated, half-starved and riddled with disease. Many had died.
“Do you think they will demand a ransom?” Electra asked.
“I doubt they think us capable of producing a ransom,” the Caliph said. “They might ask, of course, but when none is forthcoming they will likely let us starve and drop our bodies into the sea.”
“Do you really believe that?” Electra asked.
The Caliph shrugged. “I do not wish to believe that but they are hard men.”
“Olaf and Tandor were waiting on shore for us.” Electra lowered her voice to a barely audible whisper. “They have gold in addition to the coins you exchanged for me. I gave it to them.”
The Caliph raised his eyebrows and his eyes flicked back and forth as he organized his thoughts. He had exchanged seven of their gold coins for silvers and coppers. He believed Electra spoke the truth.
“We could perhaps find an intermediary. If the pirates found out your friends had gold, they would merely overcome the Helsop men by force and take their treasure. Perhaps one of the soldiers at the garrison could be trusted to act as an intermediary to hold the ransom.” The Caliph stood a little straighter. “We are many. Have they enough gold to ransom all?” he asked.
“Yes. But then how would we return to Fernland with no ship and no gold?” Electra asked. “We need a better plan. Let us both think on it.”
One of the pirates reached out and jerked the Caliph out of line, shouting in a threatening voice. The Caliph put up his hands in a placating gesture and spoke to the pirate in a soothing voice. Electra put her head down and moved with her sister captives further into the cave’s interior.
That evening the captives huddled together for warmth. The pirates brought food for themselves out from the ship but no food was offered to the captives. There was a little freshwater spring that dripped along a crevice in the cave wall so the captives were able to get water, holding their hands cupped under the drip. They took turns garnering handfuls for the children and themselves. It was a slow process but it kept them busy. A glimmer of a plan began to form in Electra’s mind. Electra moved from group to group looking for the Caliph in the dim shadows of the cave. She found him sitting with Laleh and a few of her cousins.
“Have the pirates made their demands known yet?” Electra asked.
The Caliph nodded and moved away from Laleh. It was obvious he did not want her to hear what the pirates had told him.
The Caliph took a deep breath. “They were not moved by our sad story. They know all that has befallen us in Taz though they do not know that we now work willingly for the Great Khan as shipbuilders, rather than slaves. They imagine I was able to escape somehow with this ship full of women and they think themselves lucky to have gotten our ship without a battle. They have graciously offered to let us all escape if we choose to swim to safety.”
“But most would surely drown.” Electra objected.
“I am sure they are aware of that,” the Caliph replied.
Electra pursed her lips together in anger. She found the Caliph’s eyes with her own and held his gaze. “We must tell them I am a princess—that my father is very rich and he will provide my ransom.”
“What are you saying? I would never betray you or your father in such a way. It is unthinkable.”
“You must convince them that the only way to get the ransom would be to take the ship full of women and children to Fernland under your command. I will stay here until the ransom arrives. And once you reach Fernland you must stay there. Those who go along to collect the ransom will not be able to understand what you say to my father’s soldiers in English.”
“And what will happen to you in the meantime?”
“They do not know about Tandor and Olaf. They are Helsop soldiers. They will try to rescue me. I will try to escape. We will find a ship in another port – one not overrun with pirates. We will follow you to Fernland. Perhaps we will even arrive ahead of you.”
“This is not a plan. This is a flight of fancy,” the Caliph said. “Why would they even believe you are a princess?” The Caliph shook his head. “They would watch you carefully. You would have no opportunity to escape. If Olaf and Tandor somehow were able to find this cave, they would be caught and killed by the pirates.”
“As to your first objection, I hid my gold wedding ring in the lining of my cloak. I could show it to them. They would surely think only a woman of wealth would own such a treasure. As to your second objection...”
Electra was cut off from her speech as the Caliph raised his hand. “I remember the ring you speak of. Perhaps there is something in that to work with. Let me think on it for a time.” The Caliph frowned down at her. “Did you really believe me capable of telling your father I have rescued all of my kinfolk and left you behind to be ransomed?”
Electra blushed. “No I did not think that. Let us both apply ourselves to the problem. Perhaps there is a better solution.”

Electra looked around to find even the dim light of the cave fading as night fell. It was cold in the cave and she wished more for the warmth of her cloak than for the ring inside its lining. But she knew the ring might be useful as a bargaining chip. She wrapped her arms around her and lay down where she had been standing rather than risk stumbling over rocks or children in the dark. Perhaps an answer would come to her in a dream.

Chapter 38

Pirates Lair

The next morning Electra was awake before dawn. The wished-for dream had not materialized during her cold, uncomfortable night on a damp shelf of hard rock. The cave was still very dark but she could see a torch burning near the anchored ships. She supposed the pirates had spent the night aboard their ships, feasting on the food stored in the hold of the Spirit of Taz. She could hear some of the captured children crying and knew they were hungry.
Someone was moving carefully in her direction. She closed her eyes to feign sleep in case it was a pirate.
“Electra? Is that you?” said a voice in English that she recognized as the Caliph’s voice.
She sat up abruptly. “Caliph,” she whispered. “I am awake, but I have no new ideas. Please sit here beside me.”
The Caliph sat down awkwardly, massaging his stiff arms and legs. “The dampness does not make for a good night’s sleep,” he said.
“Have you had any new ideas?” she asked, in a hopeful voice.
“Perhaps,” he said. “One of the pirates spoke to me about you last night. He heard you speaking a different language and noticed you were well dressed. I think he hoped you might bring a ransom. He asked how you happened to be among us.”
“Yes? What did you tell him?” Electra asked. 
The Caliph shrugged. “I made up a story. I told him your caravan had been attacked by bandits who killed your family. I told him you had managed to escape and been picked up by Barburee soldiers. I told him the Barburee soldiers could not understand your language so they left you with us. I said I had hoped to obtain a ransom for you but learned you were now an orphan so I made you a servant.”
“Did he believe you?”
“Of course. Why else would a rich foreigner be traveling with this ship full of refugees?”
Electra frowned but was sure the Caliph could not see her frown in the darkness of the cave. “You might have tried telling him I could likely bring a ransom.”
“I am considering doing so,” the Caliph said.
Electra could not contain her surprise. “You are?”
She sensed the Caliph was smiling. “What if I were to tell our pirates they might be rid of the lot of us if I were able to convince my former friends here in Venito that you might bring in a ransom?”
“How would that bring about our freedom?” Electra asked.
 The Caliph leaned in close to Electra’s ear. “The pirates will not be allowed to set us free in Venito. The residents here are already short of food. They would resent the pirates for making us their problem and might insist the pirates return our ship to us to get rid of us. But if some of the residents were convinced you might bring them a fortune in ransom – they might agree to take us off the pirates’ hands. I have heard some of the pirates complaining that they do not want to drown us. Some are family men, or used to be.”
“So you would tell the pirates you could lie to your former friends and lead them to believe they could make money by holding me for ransom?”
“Yes. It might work. I could tell them we need your cloak back to make you appear wealthy.”
“And then I would have access to my gold ring. I might be able to devise a believable scenario for a ransom with a valuable gold ring to back up my story.  Do you think I could fool your old friend with such a ruse?” Electra’s excitement was growing.
“I hope so. I plan to ask the pirates to allow the two of us to go ashore and speak to my old friends. If they would not allow me to go they might allow Laleh to accompany you.”
“We must try it. Once we have everyone ashore we can give your old friends enough gold to allow us to leave Venito for another port where we can buy passage back to Fernland.”
She could sense the sudden tension in the Caliph. “We will not be buying passage back to Fernland. With no ship for surety, we would not be allowed to disembark there.  How could your father justify taking us in, knowing we have no way to leave Fernland?”
“Where then?” Electra asked.
“We will have to return overland to Taz. Your voyage to Fernland may be delayed until our men return from China.”  The Caliph’s voice was despondent.
Electra nodded. It was unusual for the Caliph to show despair. “The most important thing now is getting us all ashore in Venito. I believe your plan will accomplish that, at least.”
“It is not without risk to you,” the Caliph cautioned.
“We are all at greater risk with no plan at all.”
The Caliph struggled up to a standing position. “Be ready to leave then,” he said as he moved away quietly.

Just as dawn arrived to fill the cave with a faint light, the Caliph returned with the pirate who had taken her cloak. The pirate looked at her suspiciously, then spoke to the Caliph.
The Caliph listened and translated the pirate’s words. “He wants to hear you speak your native tongue. I have told him you do not understand his language nor the language of Taz. You can say anything you want. He will be listening to your accent.”
Electra thought for a second and decided to say something complementary on the chance that the pirate understood a bit of the English language.
“Thank you most gracious pirate for giving me this opportunity to speak. As you can see I am not from Taz. These people have taken me in as a kindness and I hope for your kindness as well. We are all at your mercy.”
The pirate put up his hand and turned to the Caliph. The Caliph translated her words with an approving glance in her direction.
The pirate tilted his head, studying her. He shouted a few harsh words at her, watching for any signs of understanding.
Electra lowered her eyes and stood before him with head bowed in submission.
The pirate glowered at her, then pulled the burlap bag up by its straps. He fished through it and brought out the cloak that he had taken from her. He hefted it and inspected its construction. Then he removed his jacket and swung the cape over his shoulders.
The Caliph and the pirate argued for a few more minutes, then the pirate threw his jacket at Electra and left wearing her cape.
The Caliph took a deep breath before speaking. “He has agreed to allow you and Laleh to go ashore in a rowboat with him. He says he prefers your cape to his jacket but it is a very fine jacket and perhaps someone will believe you are rich because of it. If my old friends agree to take us all in, he will let us go. He will take half of whatever you can negotiate in Venito.  If my friends do not believe you can bring a ransom, he will try to sell you to them as a slave.” The Caliph lowered his eyes. “I am so sorry. My plan has failed and now you haven’t even a cloak to bargain with.”
“It is all right,” Electra said. “Laleh and I will find a way to make this work.” Electra held the jacket out at arm’s length before putting it on. It was a seaman’s jacket made of wool, serviceable, but not impressive, and not made for a woman. “It is not such a bad jacket,” she said.

Chapter 39

Port of Venito

The pirate, now wearing Electra’s cape, sat with his back to Electra in a shore boat as he rowed to a deserted beach along the shore of Venito. Electra studied the hem of the cape, searching for a small lump the size of a gold ring. She could not find such a lump and remembered Serafina’s words—‘Perhaps the ring found its way to you’.  Was it possible the ring was now finding its way home to its rightful owner? She turned her attention to Laleh, who sat facing the pirate in the prow of the boat. Electra mimed the words she wanted Laleh to hear. She pointed to herself and then to her mouth to indicate she wanted Laleh to say nothing without Electra’s approval. Laleh made no sign that she understood.
The pirate rowed into the sandy shallows, jumped out and guided the boat onshore before it lost momentum. He growled an order to Laleh and she quickly followed him out of the boat. Electra was close behind her.
Electra and Laleh were instructed to walk up a trail from the beach.
“Do you know where we are going?” Electra asked.
The pirate shouted a warning. “He says he does not want me speaking to you in English,” Laleh said in a whisper.
The pirate pushed Laleh aside and drew his sword in a threatening manner. Electra put up her hands to show she was willing to follow his orders.
The pirate made a final warning thrust with his sword in the direction of the trail before returning it to its sheath.
They followed the trail up a hill and down into a valley where several houses clustered together close to a stream. The pirate stopped to ask Laleh a question. She pointed toward the group of houses in answer to his question.
The three continued down the path and along the stream to a small white cottage surrounded by a wooden fence. Two dogs stood at the gate, barking in a way that discouraged entry.
While the pirate’s attention was diverted by the barking dogs, Electra stood close to Laleh and said – “Do not tell them of my ring. Ask me in English what I have to ransom.”
Electra stepped back quickly, before the pirate could catch them conversing.
The pirate called out in a loud voice. A man appeared at the door and looked at the threesome for a moment before issuing a command to quiet the dogs.
The pirate spoke to the man, then pulled Laleh up to the gate where the man could see her face. The man seemed surprised to see Laleh, then angry. Finally he nodded and came down from his porch to open the gate.
The pirate spoke to the man for a few moments, then looked at Laleh. She smiled at the man, pointed at Electra and seemed to be making an impassioned plea. Finally she turned to Electra.
“He wants...”
Laleh’s words were cut off by a shout from the pirate. She spoke with the pirate for several minutes and then turned again to Electra.
“Neither of these men understands English. They suspect us of hatching a plot. This man is called Simra. He was once a friend to my family but has now turned hard. I have told him you will be able to gain a ransom if he will provide food and water for our captives until the ransom is delivered. He does not believe the ransom will cover his expenses. He says he cannot afford to feed so many. He wants to know why he should trust you.”
Electra looked at the man and saw that the surprise had gone from his eyes. He may have feared reprisal from the Caliph for his former treatment of the Taz families left in his care, but now he saw there was nothing to fear and likely nothing to gain from offering his assistance.
“Tell Simra I saw two men who must have escaped from the caravan that was attacked by bandits who robbed us and killed my family. I saw the two on shore as we came into port. Perhaps they escaped with their belongings. They were my friends. If I go to them now, they may be able to give me some money and send word to my uncle of my need for a ransom. Tell him they will be known as strangers who speak my tongue.”
Laleh listened to Electra attentively. “Will we try to escape when we find your friends?”
“No. We will give Simra just enough to keep him interested in trying for more.”
The pirate shouted at Laleh and likely told her that was enough speaking in a language he did not understand.
Laleh translated Electra’s words carefully despite many interruptions from the pirate and Simra. The two men then discussed the situation with one another. Electra sensed that they were not strangers to one another and believed the Caliph was correct in assuming that some of the pirates were former or perhaps current residents of Venito.

After much discussion, the pirate gestured toward the harbor and the four of them took a new trail that led down toward the port and the bazaar.
Simra spoke to people he knew when they reached the bazaar. Some nodded and pointed him in various directions. He spoke to more people along the way. Finally they reached a blacksmith’s forge where four Barburee horses looked out at them from a corral. 
“Those are their horses,” Electra said, before the pirate silenced her with a threatening look.
The two men spoke to the blacksmith who directed them toward the harbor. They continued on and Electra at last saw Tandor and Olaf speaking to a man on the wharf in front of a tavern.
She waved to them and they saw her. Their reaction was just as she hoped. Their faces mirrored their surprise and joy at finding her alive. Then they saw the pirate who stood close by and their looks turned guarded. Their hands went reflexively to the handles of their swords.
Electra waved again and began walking toward them. As she had hoped, the pirate did not stop her. Perhaps he was beginning to believe her story.
She ran to the two Helsop men and as she hugged Olaf she said, “Do not draw your sword. We are still captives but you are my hope of getting us all freed. We must appear to negotiate.”
Olaf gave an imperceptible nod and Electra turned to hug Tandor. “Do not show your bag of gold. Only admit to the money from the sale of the horses when I ask for it. You must seem reluctant to part with it.”
Tandor leaned close. “They are only two. We could kill them,” he said.
“No. you must not,” Electra cautioned. “If you do, the captives the pirates still hold hostage in their cave will surely die.”

Chapter 40

Port of Venito

Electra spoke to Laleh while the pirate and Simra watched them carefully.
“Tell Simra that my friends have money from some horses they have sold. They have agreed to give this money to Simra if he will provide a place for the women and children until my ransom money arrives. The Caliph will arrange for the captives’ passage home after they have their ransom.”
Laleh gave Simra Electra’s offer. Their captors talked the offer over. They knew the two foreigners had just sold their horses since they had spoken to the blacksmith who bought the horses. The pirate looked over at Tandor and Olaf from time to time, judging whether they might have more money for a ransom of sorts, or perhaps judging whether they might pose a threat.
Finally an agreement was reached. The money from the sale of the horses would be split between the pirate and Simra. Any ransom money would belong to Simra. The prisoners would be released to Simra and would then become Simra’s problem to deal with.
Laleh continued to whisper what she overheard into Electra’s ear. “The pirates will bring all the prisoners to an abandoned wharf west of here and leave them. It will be up to Simra then to care for them or sell them.” Laleh stopped translating to offer her own opinion of the negotiations. “I believe Simra cannot be trusted, even in this. He will likely sell us all as slaves.”
“Electra nodded. “We will not trust him. But it is enough for now to have everyone out of that cave.”
Simra presented their agreement for Laleh to translate to Electra. Electra accepted and asked permission to personally make the request for money to Tandor and Olaf.
The pirate nodded and Electra was allowed to approach Olaf and Tandor once again where they waited on the wharf.
 “How many women and children are being held?” Olaf asked.
“Over two hundred,” Electra said.
Olaf’s eyes grew wide. “Where will we take them? It will be difficult to move so many any distance.”
“I would like to find a port that is not infested with pirates and go from there to Fernland, but the Caliph does not agree. He feels that they might be turned away from Fernland without the surety of his ship to guarantee their eventual return. And the pirates will never give up the Spirit of Taz, not for any price. We may have to go back overland to Taz.”
Olaf and Tandor looked at one another warily. It would take at least a week, perhaps longer, with so many children. Electra thought it good that the Helsop men appeared to have misgivings. Simra and the pirate would guess they were having misgivings about parting with their money from the sale of the horses. This would make the pirate unlikely to waste time trying to up his ransom demands.
“Can you give me the money from the sale of the horses without showing any sign of the bag with the gold coins?” Electra asked.
“Yes. I have the money from the horses in my tunic. The gold coins I have hid under the wharf,” Tandor replied.
“Good. Do it now, but seem reluctant. The captives will be taken to an abandoned wharf west of here. I do not know yet if they will allow Laleh and me to remain in Venito or if we will be taken back to the cave first.”
“Where is the cave?” Olaf asked. “Perhaps we can rescue both the ship and the captives. We may be able to rent a small boat to go and look for you.”
“The risk of failure is too great,” Electra warned. “There are more than fifty pirates. We believe they make payments to the garrison here on Venito to keep the soldiers at bay. Some of the pirates are former residents of Venito. There is no one here we can trust.”
Tandor frowned and reached into his tunic. He took out the money from the sale of the horses and gave it to Electra. She knelt and kissed his hand in a dramatic display of gratitude for the benefit of her captors.
She ran back to Simra and the pirate. When she held out the money to Simra, the pirate quickly grabbed it from her hand and counted out half which he gave to Simra. Simra grumbled an order to Laleh.
“He says we are to come with him,” Laleh said. “He says you should tell your friends not to follow us.”
Electra took a few steps toward Tandor and Olaf before Simra shouted, “That is far enough,” in his own language.
Electra called out to her friends. “Do not follow us – they will be watching. Wait out of sight by the abandoned wharf. Bring some food if you are able.”

Electra and Laleh were ordered to wait at Simra’s cottage while the pirate went off to collect the captives. Laleh asked Simra when the captives would be released but he told her to stop asking questions. He ordered Electra and Laleh to fix him some dinner.
The two of them searched his storage bags for some vegetables to make a soup. “Were the people of Venito always so corrupt?” Electra asked Laleh as they chopped vegetables.
“No, they were our friends. We people of Taz traded freely with our neighboring kingdoms. Venito even welcomed us at first. Then as the great Khan’s Army swept through the land, many lost everything and turned to piracy. Now it seems piracy is Venito’s main source of income. But soon even that will be gone. Ships fear to come here now, just as they fear to stop in Taz. Here there are pirates. In Taz there is the Great Khan’s Army. Where is there left to trade?”
Electra put her hand on Laleh’s arm. “You must not give up hope. Is there a place between here and Taz where we might purchase food for so many?”
“You are thinking of returning us all to Taz?”
“We have no ship. The Caliph says it is the nearest port,” Electra murmured. She did not know the Caliph had not shared his plan with his granddaughter.
Simra shouted an order and Laleh answered him. He must have been impatient for dinner as Laleh added more wood to make the soup cook faster.
“Do you think we should dare to eat some of the soup?” Laleh asked as she looked hungrily into the simmering pot.
Electra turned to see Simra watching them closely. “No, I do not think so. Let us wait until his hunger is satisfied and then decide.”
Chapter 41

Port of Venito

After eating his fill of soup, Simra told Laleh to clean the cottage while he took a nap. Electra and Laleh finished off the soup without asking permission and the food gave them the energy they needed to clean up. They kept their voices low as they made their plans.
Laleh wiped her hands on the rag she had used to clean the soup pot as she spoke to Electra. “The pirate said he would bring the captives to Venito tonight and offload them at an abandoned wharf down the coast.”
Electra dried her soup bowl with her skirt. “Simra may take us with him when he goes to meet the captives. If not, we will follow him. Where would he take so many women and children once he meets them at the wharf?” Electra asked.
Laleh stole a glance at the mat where Simra slept. He continued to snore. “When we were here before, we were only a few. He parceled us out among the neighbors here in the Valley. He may have promised that we would become indentured servants. That is how we were treated. I don’t know where he would take over two hundred women and children.”
Electra nodded. “It is likely he has no plan past holding me for ransom. He may decide to bring the captives here where they will be out of sight of the garrison soldiers.” Electra wrapped her hand around her chin as she thought. “I think it would be better if we left as soon as we are all reunited. I will go to the port and tell Tandor and Olaf. When Simra wakes up, tell him I suspect my friends may have a little more money hidden away.  Say I have gone to beg them for ransom money and will meet him at the old wharf tonight. He will be angry that I have left without permission but what can he do? Tell him that I hope to have his ransom money waiting for him at the wharf.”

Electra ran along the trail that connected the valley to the port. She headed for the new wharf, which was actually quite old itself, and walked along the taverns looking for her friends. She did not see them and did not like the way some of the men in the taverns were watching her. She promptly turned away and walked over the bridge that connected the port to the bazaar. The bazaar was winding down for the day and many of the stall vendors were closing up their stalls and packing up their wares.
Electra saw Tandor and Olaf carrying heavy sacks full of lentils, grains and dried strips of meat. She waved and caught their attention.
“This is good,” she said, looking at their sacks of food. “This will keep us going for a day or two. I think we should leave Venito as soon as the captives are released.” 
Olaf still looked at her with surprise. “They let you go?”
“Not exactly. I left while Simra was napping. He will be angry but he will still hope to get the ransom he has been promised. I told Laleh to tell him I would meet him at the old wharf with his money.”
“Do you still intend to pay him?” Tandor asked.
“Yes, I do not want any trouble. There is no one here who can be trusted. Most are in league with the pirates in one way or another. I want to leave tonight before anyone thinks of a way to profit from keeping us and I hope the Caliph will agree.”
“We have only spent silvers and coppers so as not to raise suspicion,” Tandor said. “We still have some local currency left from our last exchange.”
“Good. Do you think we dare buy the horses back?” Electra asked. “It will be such a long way for the children to walk if we return to Taz.”
Tandor and Olaf looked at one another and shook their heads. Olaf spoke in a measured voice. “I do not think we can trust the blacksmith. He was quick to tell the pirate we had sold him the horses and how much we were paid for them.”
“You spoke of an oasis near the cave with the white powder,” Electra said, then stopped suddenly and looked at the two men with a confused expression. “What have you done with the white powder from the cave?”
Olaf sighed. “I fear all this has been for nothing. The cave was scraped clean. There was no white powder left to mine and now our ship is gone as well.”
Electra nodded slowly. “I see.” She managed a smile for Olaf. “That is all of no importance now. Do you think we might purchase some horses at the oasis?”
Tandor groaned when he thought of doing business again with the old man who lived at the oasis. “It is possible, but not advisable. The old man who lives there is very wily and always drives a hard bargain. We can ask what he has to offer but we must be prepared for treachery on his part.”
Electra nodded. “It seems no one round about Venito can be trusted.”

That evening Electra waited with Tandor and Olaf, hidden in a grove of trees near the old wharf. They saw Simra arrive with Laleh and decided to give him his money right away so that he would not discourage the pirates from giving up the captives, claiming he could not provide food for so many.
Electra, Tandor and Olaf approached Simra and the man seemed afraid, looking about to see if he had walked into some sort of trap.
Electra told Laleh to tell him he must stay with them until the captives had all been set ashore, then he could go wherever he wished. After Simra agreed to her conditions, Electra handed him a golden coin. Olaf stood close to him to make sure he did not try to run away.

Two hours later, the pirates swept by the old wharf in their new ship, the Spirit of Taz. They saw Simra, Electra, Laleh, Olaf and Tandor standing onshore waiting. The ship passed by while the pirates aboard searched the shoreline. No doubt they, too, feared a trap.
On the third sweep the pirates pulled in close to the old broken-down wharf and pushed a gangplank into place. The captives were hurried out by the pirates who had their swords drawn. The women swarmed onto the broken wharf and tried to keep their children from falling through rotted planks as they scrambled onto shore. As soon as the last captive, the Caliph, stepped onto the wharf, the pirates pulled back the plank, adjusted their sails and pulled away from shore.
Simra quietly faded into the background, took a final look at the crowd of women and children, and ran toward the main port.
“I believe we have seen the last of him,” Electra said. She walked forward with Laleh to greet the Caliph.
Laleh hugged her grandfather and welcomed him in her own language. Electra hugged him in turn and pointed to Tandor and Olaf.
“They paid just enough to set you all free,” she said. “We did not need the ring after all.”
The Caliph smiled. “You have done well. Are we out of the hot pan and into the fire? I thought I saw my old friend Simra leaving in something of a hurry.”
“I believe he felt suddenly outnumbered. His guilty conscience no doubt added to his haste. We have bought food enough for a day or two but I think we should leave Venito without delay and stop to camp outside the city. Are the children too weak to travel?” Electra asked.
“They are weak, but if there is something they might eat as they walk we could at least make it outside the city.”
Electra went to examine the three big bags of food Olaf and Tandor carried.
“They can suck on dried jerky until we reach a campsite where we can make some lentil soup,” she said. She looked up at Tandor and Olaf. “Have we lanterns or candles?” she asked.
“Two lanterns and a few candles,” Olaf said, pulling them from the bag.
The Caliph stepped forward. “It is enough. I will hand out the strips of jerky and tell each mother and child why we must leave without delay. I believe we had best return to Taz and see what the situation there has become. Perhaps our Barburee overseers have provided for our women and children as they ought. I doubt they could do any worse than our so-called friends in Venito.”
Electra saw the sadness in the Caliph’s eyes. She only nodded in response and watched as Olaf took out a flint to light the lanterns.

Chapter 42

The Great Khan’s Army

Avor was already becoming accustomed to life on the move with the Great Khan’s Army. He was the eleventh man in a ten man unit of archers with Bataar their undisputed leader. They trained together daily, always on a war footing toward any village or city that happened to be in their path. They had crossed hill country riding atop rivers of ice and now faced a range of mountains that towered before them.
Avor had been assigned a place in the ranks as a personal favor to Bataar. Usually, no eleventh man was allowed, nor were any other changes in the unit’s makeup. They functioned as a tight unit, taking orders from the commander of their hundred man unit and carrying out each order as Bataar saw fit. The archers were expected to advance first, sending out a flood of arrows to weaken any enemy. So far, every village they passed had been eager to surrender and no fights had yet taken place.
Avor enjoyed the daily exercises. He was given three horses into his personal keeping. Others had as many as five. When one horse tired, a second took its place. Avor learned to shoot his arrows at a gallop, waiting to let fly until all four hooves of his mount were off the ground to ensure a smooth shot. So far he had not been given any exploding arrows, though he sometimes glimpsed the carts which carried the three powders used to make the deadly weapons.
Avor was now picking up the Barburee language quickly. It was not too different from the Taz language he had mastered at the boat works in Fernland. He followed Bataar’s commands without question. He ate, trained and slept with his fellow soldiers and soon learned to joke with them as well. They were a good natured bunch. Most of their families and herds traveled with them, so life on a military campaign did not differ much from their usual nomadic lifestyle.
Avor sat at night in front of his yurt, roasting chunks of mutton in the open fire as Bataar told them the schedule for the next day. Tonight he noticed a little more excitement in the group.
Bataar sat on his haunches with his usual cat-like grace, seemingly prepared to jump into action at a moment’s notice.
“We have a new assignment,” he began in his own mother tongue. He rarely translated anything he said into English anymore, expecting Avor to understand, or if not, to ask questions. “There is a city, Tamra, at the base of the mountain. So far the city has not surrendered. We will scout ahead tomorrow to report what we see to the Great Khan. This may be the first battle of our campaign.” He smirked at Avor as though he were happy to finally present him with an opportunity to fight. “Tonight we each light five campfires. To Tamra’s inhabitants we will look five times as big.”
The men smiled. It was a trick they had often used to fool a potential enemy into thinking the Army was even larger than it was. The frightened residents often gave in and surrendered without a fight.
“Will we go into the city or look from above?” Tuval asked, his eyes bright in anticipation.
“We will look down from above to find the best places from which to mount our attack,” Bataar said. “But perhaps we will take a peek inside the city as well. Perhaps we will steal a goat.” Bataar used a term from their game of buzkashi and the men laughed. It meant they would gallop in and out at great speed, perhaps snatching something or someone on their way.
Avor took a deep breath. He had known this time must come sooner or later. He did not think he could kill a defenseless citizen who had done nothing to harm him. How was that different from murder? But he would ride with them and probably shoot his arrows, hoping none fell on an unseen victim. He took pains to build up his fires high, hoping the city would surrender before it was too late.

The next morning his unit rose early and took a roundabout route to the city of Tamra. They kept to the ridge line of the hills that circled the city, noting places where large numbers of mounted soldiers could conceal themselves, hidden from the city, until it was time to race down the hillsides from several directions at once, surrounding the city and cutting off escape routes.
They stood atop the last hill looking down into the walled city, counting the soldiers on the wall, then staring out in the direction of the Great Khan’s Army. Before long their own presence was noted by lookouts on the wall. Many of Tamra’s soldiers scurried to regroup at the rear wall in anticipation of an attack from Bataar’s men.
Bataar and his ten men merely stood on the ridge line looking down. No one had ventured outside the wall of the city. If Bataar intended to ‘grab a goat’ it would be a dangerous stunt that involved scaling a wall. All of the city’s flocks had been taken inside the walls for safekeeping.
While they watched, they saw a group of men on horseback gathering behind a gate in the wall. One man held a white flag aloft on a pole. The gate opened and the men rode out from the city and waited at the base of the hill to meet the Great Khan’s envoys.
Avor sighed in relief while his fellow soldiers made jokes about the residents of Tamra and how they likely saw fires where none existed.
“We will feast tonight as guests of Tamra,” Bataar said. “They show the white invitation to dinner.”
The men laughed and they turned their horses back toward the Army encampment.
“I am sorry, my friend,” Bataar said to Avor. “I promise you will have an opportunity to try your skills some time before we reach China.”
Avor nodded. “No hurry,” he said. “What will happen now to the city of Tamra?”
Bataar’s eyes turned cold. “The leaders will be killed. They took too long to decide to surrender. They will pay us tribute. We will leave a few men to keep order in the city and invite their engineers to join our ranks. The Great Khan’s law will become their law. It will be a great honor for their city.”
Avor somehow doubted that the Tamra residents would feel honored. But he was thankful for such an outcome. It could have been much worse.

Chapter 43

The Great Khan’s Army


Bataar’s eleven men unit was assigned to work with Twenty Quivers to recruit engineers into the Barburian ranks.  Others who excelled at certain trades or crafts would also be recruited if their skills were needed.
Avor was thankful they were not assigned to hunt down and kill the city’s leaders. He knew in his heart that he would have to leave if he was asked to kill innocent people and he feared leaving the ranks of the Barburee Army could well result in his own death. He was not sure if he was considered one of the Great Khan’s soldiers or one of the Great Khan’s guests and he thought it a bad idea to ask.
Twenty Quivers knew a variety of languages. He was grey-haired, likely in his sixties, but still valuable to the Army as a translator. Avor had first met Twenty Quivers two years ago when he visited Fernland along with Bataar and several other Barburee ambassadors. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia had been distraught over the visit, assuming the ambassadors were there to announce their intention to conquer Fernland and its inhabitants. Prince Avor had been fascinated by the Barburee ambassadors and had seen Barburee as a possible ally against Henge. As a result of this naïve admiration, Avor and Bataar had become friends.
Now Avor was beginning to experience the ramifications of this ill-advised friendship. His position here was tenuous at best and dangerous at worst. He listened as Twenty Quivers interrogated the young man Bataar had pushed forward. Avor could understand most of Twenty Quivers questions. He watched and listened carefully as the young Tamra man was interrogated.
“You have worked on the water channel that runs past the stockade?”
“Yes,” the young man said, barely concealing the hatred in his eyes.
“You are too valuable to leave behind to work for leaders who are no longer in charge. In fact they are no longer even alive. You may join them in death or you may join the Great Khan’s Army. It is your decision but you must choose now,” Twenty Quivers said.
Prince Avor held his breath. He could see the young man wanted to vent his anger on these villains who had conquered his city. The young man shifted his eyes to a woman who held a child in her arms. Her eyes were wide with fear. Prince Avor guessed her to be either his wife or his sister.
The young man shifted his attention back to Twenty Quivers. “I will join your Army,” he said in a quiet voice.
“The Great Khan’s Army,” Twenty Quivers emphasized.
“Yes, I will join the Great Khan’s Army,” the young man said.
“You are greatly honored this day,” Twenty Quivers said.
Bataar pulled the young man aside and pushed the next one forward to be questioned by Twenty Quivers. Bataar looked around while he held onto the new man’s arm and his eyes settled on Prince Avor.
“Take this man to Batu in the engineers unit,” he said. “Tell him to find him clothes and horses.”
Avor jerked his head up in surprise. Bataar had never treated him as another soldier with responsibilities before. He wondered if Bataar was trying to get him away from this lineup before one of the potential engineers chose wrong and was immediately put to death. Perhaps he sensed Avor’s reluctance to participate in the killing of innocent civilians.
Avor spoke to the young man in the Barburee tongue. If his appearance had not convinced the young man that he was a foreigner, certainly his accented speech would.
“Come with me. What is your name?”
The young man looked at Avor with curiosity in his face. “I am called Ansolve,” he said. He walked along beside Avor toward the wall that surrounded the city. Avor led his horse behind him. When they were far enough away not to be heard, Ansolve whispered to Avor. “Are you a prisoner too?”
Avor smiled at the young man who was not much older than himself. “I hope not. I was asked to come along as a friend but I seem to have become one of the Great Khan’s soldiers.”
“Would you allow me to escape?”
Avor looked at the young man with a sad expression. “For your own sake – I would not. They would surely hunt you down and kill you – both you and your family.”
“And you call these people your friends?”
“They were not at war when we became friends. War changes things,” Avor said.
“Nor were we at war,” Ansolve said.
Avor took a deep breath. It was ridiculous to argue. “I would advise you to keep to the choice you made. It was certainly the lesser of two evils.”
“Was it?” Ansolve murmured.
They said no more as they pushed through the melee of vanquished Tamra citizens and soldiers of the Great Khan’s Army. Many of the citizens wept openly while the soldiers moved through their homes taking whatever they wanted.
Avor and Ansolve found the engineers outside the city’s walls. A yurt had already been set up and stockpiled with clothes and equipment for the new recruits. They stood in a line outside the yurt while new men were outfitted and assigned tasks.
When it was Ansolve’s turn to be interviewed, Avor stood aside, not sure if his job was done or if he should await further instructions from the engineer in charge.
“What is your experience?” the Barburee soldier asked.
“I worked to maintain the water channels cut through the city to bring water from the river outside,” Ansolve said.
“Have you experience with making weapons?” the soldier asked.
“I have made my own crossbow but that is not my regular work,” Ansolve said.
The soldier looked up, interested. “Where is this crossbow?”
“It is at my home unless the soldiers have found it and taken it,” Ansolve said.
The soldier looked at Avor. “What unit are you with?” the soldier asked.
“I am with Bataar, son of Great Khan,” Avor said.
The soldiers eyes widened in surprise. “See if you can find this crossbow and bring it to me,” the soldier said.
Avor nodded, unsure of the proper response. “I will try to find it. Perhaps I should take this man with me to show me where his house is located.”
The soldier waved them away, already preoccupied with the next man in line. Avor took one of the horses from the temporary stockade and rode back into the city with Ansolve at his side.

Chapter 44

The Great Khan’s Army

Avor and Ansolve rode at full speed back through the gates of the city and on to Ansolve’s house. It appeared they had arrived before any of the ransacking soldiers of the Great Khan’s Army.
They rushed through the door and Ansolve’s wife ran to embrace her husband. She was not the same woman that Avor had seen at Twenty Quivers’ interrogation tent. This woman was young, pretty and with child.
“I thought I would never see you again,” she said between sobs.
“They want to see the crossbow I have made,” Ansolve said. “I am afraid it is only a short reprieve they have given me.”
Avor watched the tearful reunion with a heavy heart. He knew Ansolve’s pregnant wife would not fare well in her husband’s absence.
“You must tell them your wife makes your arrows,” Avor said. “Bring her back with you.”
Ansolve turned toward Avor, his face showing his surprise. “Why would I involve my wife? Besides, it is not true.”
“The Barburee men travel with their families. They may allow her to come along with the Army. Otherwise how will she survive?” Avor asked.
Ansolve’s wife looked at him with a hopeful face. “I do not want to be apart from you,” she said.
“Your father will take you in and care for you. It would be too dangerous to bring you with me,” Ansolve argued.
His wife looked down at her feet and said quietly, “My father is dead.”
“What!” Ansolve exclaimed. “Why? He was not a city leader.”
“He was assistant to the Shah. That was enough to sign his death warrant,” his wife said.
Ansolve turned pale with conflicting emotions. He looked at Avor. “Do you think she would be treated with respect by these murderers?”
Avor shrugged. “I do not know. But if they value your workmanship I think she would be safe. Where is this crossbow you have crafted?”
A Barburee soldier appeared at the door. “Outside, all of you,” he ordered. He looked at Avor with curiosity, no doubt wondering why this foreigner was wearing a Barburee soldier’s uniform.
Avor stepped in front of Ansolve. “I am here under orders from Bataar, son of the Great Khan,” Avor said in a loud voice. “I am to bring these two to the Corps of Engineers along with the crossbow they have made.”
The soldier looked at Avor doubtfully, then seemed to recognize him. He smiled. “Yes. We played together in the buzkashi match. I remember you.” The soldier shouted to the men behind him and they went on to the next house.
Ansolve’s wife looked shaken. Ansolve gave her a reassuring hug and pulled his crossbow out from under a cot. He held it up for Avor’s inspection.
“I fashioned this after those I have seen carried by traders from China,” he said.
Avor took the crossbow from Ansolve and studied the design. The bowstring was pulled into place by a lever which also pushed the wooden arrow reservoir forward allowing the bottom arrow to fall into position to be fired.
“You have many arrows ready to fall into place,” Avor said, confused by this new design.
“Yes, that is why it is called a repeating crossbow. As one arrow leaves the bowstring, the next drops into place. All fifteen arrows can be released in a matter of seconds. It is easier to aim since both the archer’s hands are free to steady it and it is more powerful than most bows because the lever pulls the string with added strength,” Ansolve said with a hint of pride.
“But this is fantastic,” Avor said. “These are coming out of China?”
“Yes. Similar ones are carried by Chinese traders along the Silk Road. I had to purchase the bamboo from which it is made from the Chinese traders as well, since we have no bamboo trees nearby. But it might work with other woods. I think the wood from the yew tree might work.”
“Could you teach your wife to make the arrows?” Avor asked.
Ansolve looked at his wife. “Would you be willing to learn?” he asked.
“If doing so means we would not be separated, I will begin at once,” she said, taking his hand in hers.
Ansolve grimaced. “I hate all of this, you know—joining the ranks of the enemy, taking my wife from her home.”
“I know,” Avor said. “Do you see another way?”
Ansolve shook his head. “I do not understand why you are helping us. What have you to gain by it?”
“I do not condone what the Great Khan’s Army is doing. I still consider Bataar of Barburee my friend but his war is not my war. I have nothing to gain by helping you, and yet it gives me solace to do so.”
Ansolve nodded. “I understand. I will find a way to repay you for your kindness if I am able.”
Avor tilted his head as he handed the crossbow back to Ansolve. “You may repay me by teaching me how to build one of these.”
“Done,” Ansolve said.

Ansolve’s wife took a moment to gather up as many items as she could in case they were not allowed to return to their house. They packed their household goods on to the two horses and left to return to the engineers’ recruitment area.
As they stood in line once again to meet with the head engineers, a soldier distributing uniforms to the new recruits noticed Ansolve’s wife standing in line. “Your wife must return to the city,” he ordered.
Avor told the soldier that she was needed in the manufacture of the repeating crossbow and he had been sent by Bataar to ensure that this would happen. The mention of Bataar’s name always seemed to work its magic. The soldier nodded and moved on.
Avor went into the Engineers Command Headquarters with Ansolve and his wife.
“This is a repeating crossbow which these two have made. It is a duplicate of the crossbow we will be facing once we cross into China,” Avor said to the chief engineer.
The chief engineer looked up at Avor and frowned. “What does the woman do?”
“She knows how to work the bamboo which grows only in China,” Avor said.
The chief engineer looked skeptical. “Show me how this crossbow works,” he said.
Ansolve set up a few layers of varnished leather vests against the outer wall of the yurt. One varnished vest was capable of stopping most arrows. He set his bow and steadied it against a rock. He aimed carefully and pulled the trigger.
A great cry rang out from those bystanders who watched. The fifteen arrows pierced the first three rows of vests and all fifteen hit their mark within seconds.
The engineer spoke to his assistant. “Set these people up with clothes, supplies and their own yurt,” he ordered.
Avor suppressed a smile and lifted his chin in Ansolve’s direction. “I will find you later to begin learning your craft.”
Avor rode back to join Bataar and his unit with a sense of satisfaction and purpose. He had the beginning of a plan to fashion a direction of his own making – parallel with, but distinct from, the Great Khan’s ambitions.

Chapter 45

Kingdom of Fernland

Queen Delphinia sat in the Royal Family dining room sipping a cup of tea while she waited for King Geoffrey to return with news from the tower at the estuary entrance. They were expecting the return of Princess Electra on the Spirit of Taz any day now. Delphinia dared to hope that her son, Prince Avor, would be aboard as well. She looked up as the door opened.
King Geoffrey stepped inside, shaking his head. “No sightings yet of the Caliph’s ship.” He held up a small scroll. “But we have received a message from Helsop.”
Queen Delphinia set down her cup of tea. “Is it from Dagon?” she asked with an expectant expression.
“I believe it is. It was dropped off at the gate by a trader on his way south. He said Dagon asked him to deliver it.”
King Geoffrey broke the seal and unrolled the small scroll. He read the message aloud.

To King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia,
I hope this message finds you both well. We are all well here in Helsop with a good supply of fish to see us through the winter months. The snow is not yet high enough to preclude travel, though I expect the window for travel by way of carriage will soon close. If Electra has returned, as I hope, please advise her that she should leave for Helsop without delay. Otherwise access to Helsop will be difficult until after the spring thaw. We will be watching for her. Most sincerely, Dagon

“Hmmp,” King Geoffrey said. “I think it is already too late. She would be better off staying here until spring.”
“Yes, I agree. It is already too dangerous,” Queen Delphinia said. “Dagon should have brought the message himself. Then he could have stayed here with her until spring.”
King Geoffrey nodded and they both sat quietly for a time. It seemed the whole castle had been quiet of late with no children and no visitors. Queen Delphinia worried that Take and his acting troupe might leave to spend the winter with old King Blackwell in Henge since she had had no occasions of late to call on his services.
“Surely Bataar’s wife has given birth by now,” Queen Delphinia said.
King Geoffrey jerked a bit and spilled his tea as his wife’s voice broke through his own far off thoughts. “Do you think Electra has been able to tell Avor we have reopened the boat works?” he asked.
“I am sure she has. Perhaps it is Avor causing the delay. Perhaps he is still undecided about returning,” Delphinia mused. “Perhaps there is a buzkashi match...”
King Geoffrey broke into his wife’s words. “It could be any number of reasons – even bad weather. We have no way of knowing unless we send a ship ourselves to find out.”
Geoffrey and Delphinia looked at one another, surprised they had not thought of such an idea sooner.
“Haddad’s son – what is his name?” Delphinia asked.
“Javed, I think,” King Geoffrey said, with an eager expression on his face.
Queen Delphinia was now at the edge of her seat, anxious to explore this new possibility. “You gave him permission to begin work on a design he thought might appeal to Avor.” 
“Yes, he said he had a design in mind, a small ship, but a fast one.”
“We should visit King’s Lake this morning. If the ship is finished they could leave at once to go to Taz and discover what is delaying the Caliph’s return.”
King Geoffrey stood up. “We will leave now. I will call for the royal carriage.”
Queen Delphinia gathered up her skirts and stood just as a servant arrived with their breakfast trays. She picked a piece of bread from the tray and said, “We have no time for breakfast now. We must leave at once.”
King Geoffrey took a piece of bread and piled it high with ham and eggs, eating it as he walked through the door. “I will meet you at the carriage,” he mumbled with his mouth full.
The servant set the trays on the table and watched, bewildered, as the King and Queen rushed from the room.

They arrived at King’s Lake an hour later. There was a ship on the stays. It was a small ship and they were disappointed to see that it was still on the stays. It looked to be a completed ship but it must not be or it would have been already launched.
“Where is Javed?” King Geoffrey asked the first workman he came across.
The man looked at him without understanding. He asked a question in his own language.
King Geoffrey frowned. “Javed?” He said again, trying to pronounce the name correctly.
“Javed?” The man repeated, this time smiling and nodding.
The young man turned and ran down the beach to the row of mostly abandoned houses that had been built for the Taz workers and their families. He disappeared into one of the houses. A few minutes later another young man came running along the beach toward the King and Queen. “Greetings, Your Majesties,” the young man said, catching his breath.
 “You are Javed, son of Haddad?” King Geoffrey asked.
Javed gave a short bow. “I am at your service, Your Majesty.”
King Geoffrey relaxed a little and turned toward the ship on the stays. “I see you have built the ship we spoke of earlier,” he said in a conversational voice.
“Yes, Your Majesty. It is soon to slide down the stays. Will you honor us by attending its launch?” 
“Perhaps,” King Geoffrey replied. “It is close to completion?”
“Very close. We only need to fit the mainsail and complete the interior work on the cabins.”  
Queen Delphinia was standing on her tip toes in her eagerness. “How soon could it be made seaworthy?” she asked. 
King Geoffrey frowned, annoyed by Delphinia’s usurping of his interrogation.
“It is seaworthy now. But it will not catch the wind without a sail,” Javed said with a smile. 
King Geoffrey cleared his throat to draw attention back to himself. “We may have need of the ship and crew to make a voyage to Taz,” he said, watching carefully for Javed’s reaction. He did not know if Javed was experienced enough to take on such a task. 
Javed gave the king his brightest, most confident smile. “I am at your service for such a voyage,” he said. “Will your Majesties be joining us on this voyage to Taz?” 
Geoffrey and Delphinia looked at one another, astonished. Here was another thought that had never occurred to them.
“Will we?” Delphinia asked. 
King Geoffrey looked out at the lake as he considered this novel idea. Then he shook his head. “No. We must be here in the likely event that the Caliph will return to Fernland before you reach Taz.”

Chapter 46

King’s Lake

King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia once again stepped into the royal carriage which would transport them the short distance from Fernland’s castle to the boat works at King’s Lake. This would be their fifth trip in as many days.
Queen Delphinia rubbed her hands together in anticipation. “This could be the day of the launch if all went well in fitting the sail,” she said.
King Geoffrey nodded in an preoccupied manner as he stared out the window of the carriage.
“Perhaps we could keep the ship rather than selling it for profit. We could call it the King Geoffrey,” Delphinia said.
His wife’s words finally broke through to his consciousness. “What?” he asked.
Delphinia sighed. Geoffrey’s attention wandered of late and she wished she knew what he was thinking about. “I said we might consider keeping the ship for our own use. We may want to use it for future messages, or for private voyages. After all, King Gundar of Sandovia has his own ship.”
King Geoffrey thought of King Gundar’s huge ship, appropriately named the King Gundar. It would dwarf the small ship currently sitting on the stays at King’s Lake.
“I suppose we might keep it but I do not fancy naming it after myself. Perhaps we could name it the Prince Avor since it was built in a fashion he favored.”
Delphinia’s eyes sparkled. “What a wonderful idea. If Avor should see a fast ship sailing into Taz with his name on it, he would surely be inclined to return to his station at the boat works.” 
“Yes, it might influence his decision,” Geoffrey agreed. “I think that is a good idea.”
Delphinia clapped her hands together. “Wonderful. I am sure he will want to return on such a ship.”

When they arrived at King’s Lake, Javed was there to meet them.
“The ship is fitted with its mast and sail,” he said. “We can launch it this morning if you like.” He pulled a scroll from his tunic. “We have this message to you from King Gundar of Sandovia. A ship came in last evening and stayed only long enough to take on water. The Captain said they had met up with one of King Gundar’s traders who asked him to carry it on since he was heading this way.”
King Geoffrey took the scroll and broke the seal. He read the first part quickly. “It is a list of armaments he wants us to request from Helsop. He says he will send Prince Oswald to pick his order up next spring.” King Geoffrey continued to uncoil the scroll, then he stopped and glanced up at Delphinia with a wary expression.
“What is it?” Delphinia demanded.
King Geoffrey handed her the scroll. “It is an invitation to the wedding of Princess Elka and Prince Gallos to be held next summer in Manoa,” he said in a low voice.
Delphinia’s hand flew to her mouth. “But I had hoped we might champion our son’s marriage proposal,” she said.
King Geoffrey stood up straighter. “He is too young. Surely he has come to realize that.”
“Do you think this will influence his decision to return home?” Delphinia asked.
“In truth, I do not know,” Geoffrey said.

Javed stood by patiently, waiting for King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia to remember his presence. Finally Queen Delphinia did notice.
“What you have just heard is, of course, only meant for King Geoffrey’s ears. We will trust that you will not repeat what you have heard to anyone.” She emphasized the word “anyone” and Javed understood that anyone meant Prince Avor in particular. He knew his friend had been upset about something when he left with Bataar to go to Taz and now he believed he knew why his friend had been upset.
“Of course,” Javed answered with a short bow.
“Now then,” King Geoffrey said, as though they had been in the middle of a conversation, “We have decided to keep this fine ship you have built for Fernland’s use. Since you built it in a fashion you thought would be pleasing to Prince Avor, we have decided to name the ship the Prince Avor.”
Javed smiled. “We are honored. We can affix the name at once.” Javed looked back at the ship, still up on the stays ready to slide down the rails and into the lake. “We have many who have volunteered to make the voyage to Taz and back. We can launch as soon as the name is affixed. We will load supplies aboard and be ready to leave at first light tomorrow.”
“Splendid,” King Geoffrey said. He turned to Delphinia. “Perhaps you would like to stay aboard the barge tonight so that we will be on hand at first light?”
“Yes, definitely. We must compose a message to Avor.”

That night King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia sat at their writing desk aboard the Queen Delphinia.
“I think we should compose messages both to Electra and Avor,” Delphinia said. She tapped her quill on the blank scroll before her.
Geoffrey paced the small cabin as he thought. “Tell Electra we want her back with or without Avor, but to do her best to convince him to come along.”
Delphinia began to write, discussing each word with Geoffrey before putting pen to paper.

Dearest Electra,
We are sending this ship to carry you home. We know you will do your best to ensure that Avor will accompany you. We have had a message from Dagon imploring you to return without delay, as travel to Helsop will soon be impossible.
With deepest affection
Your mother and father
Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey

After much discussion they composed the following note to their son, Avor.

Dearest Avor,
We urgently request your speedy return home. The boat works is up and running as you can see by the ship that carries your name and this message. They need your guidance. Your mother grieves in your absence and I fear for her health should she not be reunited with you soon.
Your father
King Geoffrey

Delphinia pressed her finger to her lips. “That is not really factual, but it might become true.”
“It is factual enough,” Geoffrey said. “Let us get some sleep. The Prince Avor sails in a few hours.”

The next morning Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stood on the deck of their barge, Queen Delphinia, and waved as the anchor of the Prince Avor was pulled aboard. Javed stood on deck, smiling and waving the message scrolls destined for Avor and Electra. The King and Queen waved back, noticing how young the crew of the Prince Avor appeared, and hoping they had not put too much faith in the young men’s abilities.

Chapter 47

Oasis between Venito and Taz

Princess Electra looked out at the oasis, still a mile or more in the distance, shielding her eyes from the sun. Their first two days of travel had been cloudy and the third had brought rain. The desert’s dry streambeds came to life and provided the water needed to sustain them. The sacks of lentils and jerky were gone. She hoped the crafty old man Tandor and Olaf had spoken of would be able to sell them food. At this point she was prepared to pay whatever he asked.
Tandor waved to her as she stood waiting for the children to catch up. He walked back to speak to her.
“I will go ahead and see if Akbar has any food available. There are date palms, but too much of that on empty stomachs could cause problems.”
Electra nodded. “Do not spend much time bargaining. If there is food available, we must have it.”
Tandor pursed his lips. “Akbar usually demands payment in advance. If the price is too high it may be worth his while to disappear with the money.”
Electra sighed. “Do as you think best then. We can thin the dates into a drink with water. That should settle their young stomachs.”
Tandor turned away, running to catch up with Olaf. The two quickened their pace to see what awaited them at the oasis. Electra noted that Olaf seemed steadier on his feet than he had when they first arrived in Taz. It seemed Physician Rabar’s treatments of herbs were working. She dared to hope Olaf’s tumor was shrinking. If for that reason alone, their journey into this catastrophe had not been for nothing.

Tandor and Olaf found Akbar inside his shack as usual.
“Hello,” Tandor called. He thought he could smell meat cooking.
Akbar came out with an uneasy expression. He knew that the two men must have been disappointed to find the cave stripped clean of white powder and the ladder he had sold them of no use. He was likely prepared for some sort of reprisal.
Olaf made eating signs with his hands going to his mouth.
Akbar relaxed into understanding. They wanted food. He fished around into his pocket to mime looking for money.
Olaf nodded and took the old man by the arm. The old man seemed fearful but allowed himself to be pulled along until he was able to look out over the desert and see the crowd of women and children heading in his direction.
Olaf pointed to the crowd of refugees and made eating signs again. Akbar shook his head and made a sad face.
Tandor held out a gold coin and Akbar’s eyes lit up. He reached to take it but Tandor put it back in his pocket.
The little threesome continued to barter in sign language until they seemed to reach an understanding. One silver coin was given into Akbar’s hand. The gold coin remained in Tandor’s pocket. Akbar and Olaf would ride together to get food enough for everyone, and on their return with the food, the gold coin would be given to him.
Tandor remained at the oasis to explain the transaction he hoped they had made, while Olaf and Akbar rode off on camels to the northwest. Their sign language had not been adequate to determine how far or how long a journey would be required.

Electra, the Caliph and the refugees arrived, hopeful of finding food.
“It was difficult to negotiate, but I believe they will return soon with food,” Tandor said. He turned to the Caliph. “Do you know of any villages near here?” he asked.
The Caliph shook his head. “We are on the caravan route. There are often temporary settlements which are no more than caravan encampments. The nearest permanent city is Venito, but Olaf and the old man left in a direction that will not take them to Venito.”
Tandor looked out in the direction the two men had taken. “We gave Akbar only a silver coin but we showed him a gold one. I am sure he will try to return with food. His eyes followed the gold coin to my pocket and stayed there. He wants that coin very badly.”
Electra laughed. “You did well, Tandor,” she said. “It seems you know this man very well.”
Tandor smiled. “He is not difficult to understand.” He pointed to the old man’s shack. “We have a little food to start with. I smelled meat cooking in his shack.”
“We will water it down as much as we are able and give everyone a sip,” Electra said.
“And I will set everyone to work gathering dates,” the Caliph added. “We will not starve here.”

By evening the oasis had taken on a festive atmosphere. The two lanterns were set up and a campfire burned next to a grove of date palms. Bowls of soup containing greens and bits of dates were passed around. The Caliph led the children in singing songs until they fell asleep in the warmth of the campfire.
Some of the women began to tell stories. Laleh translated a few to Electra. One reminded Electra of a performance Take and his acting troupe had once put on. It involved a genie who emerged from the vapors of a lamp. The genie granted wishes as a reward for freeing him from his imprisonment in the lamp.

Electra ran her hand across the pebbly sand beneath her feet, tossing out any large stones, and prepared to sleep. She was tired and knew she would finally be able to sleep free from fears of mass starvation. A far off movement caught her attention and she dared to hope it was Olaf and Akbar already returning with food.
The noise increased and she thought she heard the tinkling of bells. A few of the women around her were sitting up now, raising their heads to interpret the sounds coming closer to them.
Electra hugged her arms around her cold shoulders and stepped carefully between the sleeping children. She moved toward the sound of the tinkling bells.
She watched as torch lights bobbed along in a line against the dark. There were many torches – surely too many to be Akbar and Olaf returning. All at once a joyful cry went up from the women around her. The words they shouted were unfamiliar, but the dark silhouettes of the camels were not. A caravan was making its way into the oasis.

Chapter 48

Oasis between Taz and Venito

Electra took a brand from the fire still aglow with red coals. She held it up and the firebrand gave off enough light for her to thread her way through sleeping mounds of children to the caravan. It looked to be a large one with at least a hundred camels. A tall man slid down from one of the camels and walked toward her. As he came close, Electra could make out his facial features.
“Olaf?” she asked, surprised.
Olaf smiled. “Akbar took me to a caravan that had set up camp not far from here. He planned to buy food from them to sell to us. But one of the traders spoke English. I told him we would prefer to buy directly from him and others in the caravan if they would break camp and continue on to the oasis. Needless to say Akbar is very upset with me.” He laughed as Tandor joined them.
“They have food to sell?” Electra asked.
Olaf swung his arm out in the direction of the expanding caravan. “It is a huge caravan, returning to China after spending the summer in the grasslands. They have over two hundred camels. They have sheep, dried fruits and vegetables, honey – all for sale.  They will give us a good price as it will lighten their load.”
Electra folded her hands together over her heart. “Then we are saved,” she said as tears gathered at the corners of her eyes.

Akbar joined their group, his hand clasped around the arm of the short, slight man who spoke English. He yelled at the small trader. The translator listened and then spoke to Electra, Olaf and Tandor.
“Ah, this man say you promise gold coin. He say I am bad man, you must not buy from me and you give him gold coin.” The oriental man gave a short bow.
“What do you say to this charge that you are a bad man?” Electra asked.
He pointed to Olaf. “This man say is good to buy from us, not him. He say they not trust this man.”
Akbar began again to rant at the small translator. The translator merely shrugged in response.
Electra took a silver coin from her pocket. She held it out to the translator while Akbar watched the coin with a furious expression on his face.
“Tell Akbar we appreciate his work in finding your caravan so quickly. Tell him I will give him this silver coin as a finder’s fee, but then he must leave us to deal with one another in peace,” Electra said.
Tandor stepped forward, ready to protest giving any money to Akbar, then thought better of it. “I suppose it is worth it to keep the peace,” he said.
The fury left Akbar’s face as the man translated Electra’s offer to him. He glanced briefly at Electra and took the coin she offered with a quick movement of his hand. He walked off into the shadows beyond the campfire.
“What is your name?” Electra asked the polite young man.
“I am Sun Ping,” the young man said with a bow.
“I am called Electra. I am happy to know you, Sun Ping.”
Sun Ping bowed again.
“We have over two hundred women and children with us. We are on our way to Taz. We would be in your debt if you could sell us some of your food. Many here are weak with hunger.”
“We are having fat sheep and grain. We are having dried fruit and vegetables. I can find caravan master and you may barter with him or I can take you to camel pullers with food to sell.”
“Whatever you think best,” Electra said. “I will pay you for your services.”
Sun Ping bowed again. “I think maybe we see sheep. You pick, I find butcher.”
“Excellent,” Electra said, handing him a silver coin. She waited for his customary bow. When it did not come, she quickly handed him a second silver coin.
Sun Ping smiled and bowed. He put out his hand in a sweeping motion and Electra, Olaf and Tandor followed him into the midst of what now seemed a caravan city.
The camel pullers had already begun settling into little groups of men and camels around campfires. Sun Ping told them of the wares carried by each group as they passed beside one campfire after another.
“This man carry carpets – fine wool carpets from master weavers,” he said. “You like see?”
“No,” Electra said, “I am sure they are very fine, but we are in need of food.”
The next group of men were unpacking huge bags and tossing them out beside their campfire. Whatever was in the bags must have been very light.
“Feathers?” Electra guessed.
Sun Ping laughed. “Hair from camels. They gather then knit into vests and blankets.”
“Blankets?” Electra asked, growing excited. “We could use some blankets, and perhaps some vests as well.”
Sun Ping spoke to the men. “They have only fifty blankets made but they say they fast knit. May be more soon.”
“I will buy all fifty,” Electra said.
Sun Ping spoke to the camel hair knitters and they bartered for a few minutes. “They say one gold coin and they give all fifty – may be more they make here.”
Electra said, “I accept.” She was reluctant to pull the bag of gold from her tunic in front of these strangers. “I will return with the money after we have arranged to buy food.”
Sun Ping translated and the camel hair knitter nodded.
They passed by a group that was transporting the bones of dead camel pullers who had died two years before when their caravan had been attacked by bandits. Their bodies had been temporarily buried along the way and now their bones were being returned to their families in China.
Another group carried furs brought south to be sold to caravans returning to China. Electra bought a few to swaddle any babies that might be born along the way, but as they were quite expensive she decided to save most of her gold for food.
They reached the group that carried seeds, dried fruits and vegetables.
“Tell them I will bring them a gold coin,” Electra said. “Ask them how much fruit and vegetables I can buy for that.”
“Their seeds are promised. No sale. Six bags fruit and vegetables,” Sun Ping said.
“Ten bags,” Electra countered.
Sun Ping pretended to drive a hard bargain, but Electra could see they were only too happy to make the sale.
“How many sheep for a gold coin?” Electra asked Sun Ping.
“Maybe three,” Sun Ping guessed.
Electra turned to Tandor and Olaf. “Let us go to get money from the Caliph,” she said with a wink. “Then we can return to gather up what we have agreed on.”
Tandor and Olaf knew she carried the gold coins with her, but nodded in such a way that she knew they approved of her caution.
Electra, Tandor and Olaf ran back to tell the Caliph their good news so that he could spread the word among the women and children. They would have a breakfast tomorrow morning that would finally fill their empty stomachs.

Chapter 49

Aboard the Pride of Manoa

Serafina awoke in her cabin aboard the Pride of Manoa. She looked out her small porthole and saw they were close to the port of Henge. She could see the sandstone cliffs that bordered the sea before the land dropped off at the entrance to the harbor. She put on her makeup, touched up the grey in her hair and put on her old woman’s clothes. Today would be the last day she would have need of her disguise.
Serafina found Sloan looking over the rail as the ship nosed into the harbor. He was a tall man, perhaps forty years of age, with the weathered countenance of a seaman.
Sloan seemed uneasy. “I did not know your home was so far north,” he said. “The Captain told me this is his last stop before he turns back for Manoa.”
“Yes, I must admit I prefer the balmy climate of Manoa to our own cold winters, but one grows used to the cold eventually.” A light snow drifted down from a grey sky and settled on the deck around their feet.
“I am not fond of cold climates,” Sloan said. “I must warn you, I do not believe I will be content to stay here even with the increase in pay you have promised. Perhaps I should just stay aboard and take the ship back to Manoa. I do not want you to waste time training me for this job in fertilizer distribution when I have already more or less made up my mind.”
“As you wish, of course, however you may as well come ashore and view your new living arrangements now that you are here. This is a busy port. There are ships leaving for Manoa every day. I would hate to see you leave without enjoying at least a day or two of our hospitality here in Henge.”
“Henge, is it?” Sloan appeared to think about Serafina’s offer. “I suppose I might as well stay for a few days. Whereabouts do you live?”
“See the castle on the hill?” Serafina asked, pointing to the large sprawling group of buildings encircled by a castle wall.
“Yes,” Sloan said, fixing his eyes on the castle.
“I live there,” Serafina said.
“You live at the castle?” Sloan asked, not bothering to conceal his surprise.
“Yes,” Serafina said. She watched as Sloan’s doubtful expression turned into a pleased grin. “Then, by all means, I would be happy to visit.”

Serafina took her cane in hand and leaned heavily on it as she walked down the gangplank with Sloan at her side.
They walked through the shops and stands clustered around the wharf area and up the broad cobbled street that led to the castle.
“Are you related to the Royal Family in some way?” Sloan asked.
“Yes, I am,” Serafina said.
“It is very enterprising of you to begin a fertilizer business even though you likely have no need of such a business, being related to royalty as you are,” Sloan said, hoping she would elaborate on her connection to the Royal Family.
“I am not one to let an opportunity slip away,” Serafina replied.
“I had not anticipated such luxurious accommodations,” Sloan said, relaxing into his good fortune.
“Nor had you reason to,” Serafina agreed.
Sloan smiled. “No, you kept your royal status to yourself.”

They reached the castle gate and were stopped by the guard who did not recognize either one.
“We are here to see Sergeant Smithe,” Serafina said to the guard. “Could you take us to the officers’ mess hall and ask him to meet us there?”
The guard seemed momentarily confused. He did not recognize these people and would normally have asked them to wait at the gate for confirmation of their business here at the castle.
Serafina stared intently at the guard. “Sergeant Smithe will be quite happy to see us,” she insisted in a voice that seemed somehow compelling.
“Go ahead then. I will send a man to tell him you have arrived,” the guard said, looking off in the distance as though he were mesmerized.

When Serafina and Sloan arrived at the officers’ mess hall no one else was present. Breakfast was finished and it was too early for lunch.
“Wait here,” Serafina said to Sloan. “I will go and arrange for your accommodations and some refreshment.”
Serafina left before Sloan could ask more questions. She found Sergeant Smithe  and peeled away enough of her makeup to be recognized.
“Princess Serafina?” Sergeant Smithe asked in an uncertain voice.
“Yes, it is I,” she said. “I have been in disguise for a reason.” She did not bother to tell him her reason.
“I have come in the company of a man who has attempted to steal from the Royal Family. I want you to bring another soldier with you and escort this man to the dungeon. When he realizes what is to happen to him he will insist you have made a mistake. He will likely try to escape. You are to tell him nothing. Simply put him in the dungeon and leave him there. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Your Majesty. I understand.”
“Good. Do you know if Prince Blackwell is in residence today?”
“Yes, Your Majesty. He met with General Tribold earlier this morning. I believe he is in his office now.”
“I will change before I see him. No need to tell him any of this. You are dismissed.”
Sergeant Smithe saluted and left at once.

Sergeant Smithe took Sergeant Toff with him to the officers’ mess. He realized he had forgotten to find out the name of the man he was to incarcerate. Luckily, there was only one man seated in the officers’ mess.
“You are to come with us,” Sergeant Smithe said in his most official tone.
The man looked at him in a dubious way. “Are you quite sure? I am waiting here for Serafina who is about to show me my future accommodations.”
“She has asked me to show you your future accommodations,” Smithe said.
Sloan got up and reluctantly followed along with the two soldiers.

They walked through the barracks to the entrance of the castle keep. Sloan began to relax. They walked through the grand entrance hall to the large dining room, then turned off into the kitchen area. Sloan realized he was hungry as he smelled the aroma of baking bread wafting through the kitchen.
They left the kitchen and walked through a door that led down a dark rock stairway. Sloan stopped at the threshold and asked Smithe where they were headed.
“Your future accommodations,” Smithe said.
“I will not proceed further until I speak to Serafina,” Sloan said.
“I am afraid I will have to insist,” Smithe said, as he gave the man a push that sent him stumbling down the slippery steps to the dungeon.

Serafina found her husband, Prince Blackwell, in his office. His eyes lit up with pleasure when he saw his wife standing in the doorway.
“My Shining Star,” he uttered, coming toward her with open arms. “How I have missed you and how you have brightened this troublesome day.”

Serafina laughed and hugged him. “Why troublesome? Not more trouble with your father I hope.”
“Yes, it is my father, of course, though this time I am not the object of his displeasure. My half-brother has come for a visit.”
“Take the Thief is here?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, and this time he has brought his fiancé—a Gypsy girl, Juanita, who once worked in our kitchen.”
“I see,” Serafina said. “Yes, I see.”

Chapter 50

Castle at Henge

Take, more universally known as Take the Thief, was head of Fernland’s acting troupe. He lay abed wishing he had never come to Henge. He had decided that since his father, old King Blackwell, was the only real family he had left, he would come here to announce his engagement to Juanita who was also now a member of the acting troupe.
Take supposed his father would be happy for him and Juanita so he had brought his whole acting troupe along, thinking they would put on a performance to celebrate the happy occasion. His father had been begging him to come to Henge for months now, sending ever more desperate messages to Fernland, insisting that his health was failing and he might soon be dead.
Take could not have been more surprised by his father’s reaction to his announcement of his engagement.
“No son of mine will marry a gypsy girl,” his father had stated flatly.
This was ridiculous on so many levels, Take thought. First of all, Take was the old King’s illegitimate son by a gypsy mother. Take was half gypsy himself. Second, his father had insisted he loved Take’s mother and could not marry her because his wife, the former queen, had still been alive. His father had been so happy to be reunited with his bastard son, he had broken down in tears. So what was this sudden prejudice against gypsies all about?
Take felt his head beginning to throb. He looked out the window of his room in the castle and frowned. It was still snowing. When would he be able to leave this dreadful kingdom?  And now, to make matters worse, he had heard the sorceress, Serafina, had returned.
His door opened and Juanita looked inside. “And how is His Majesty faring this day?” she asked in a fake meek voice.
“Knock it off, Juanita, and come in and close the door. I don’t think I can stand another scene between you and my father. It’s still snowing and we’ve no chance of leaving today.”
Juanita scowled. “You do not get to act offended. I am the one who has been offended,” she said in a pouty voice.
Take sighed and pulled her into the bed beside him, kissing her playfully. “You are right, of course. What might I do to make it up to you?”
“You might tell the old coot that he is crazy as a bedbug and that he should give you your inheritance now and you will be on your way.”
“What inheritance? I am his illegitimate son, remember?”
“Since he is crazy he might not remember that.” Juanita smiled at her joke in spite of her righteous anger.
Take almost smiled back, but a glance out the window put an end to that impulse. “If only we could leave now.” He stood up and walked to the window.
“He doesn’t really want us to leave, you know,” Juanita said. “He is lonely and wants us to stay here permanently.”
“I know that, but it is too much to ask. He still fancies himself king even though he has given over his power to his legitimate son, Prince Blackwell. He just needs someone to order around.”
“What if we were to allow him that?” Juanita asked. “What if you said, all right we will not marry if that is your command. But then of course we will need to leave so that Juanita can return to Fernland and find an appropriate husband.”
“He would say there are plenty of fine gypsies right here in Henge for you to marry.” 
Take paced around the room, distracted by thoughts of returning to Fernland. “My father is such an old fool,” he murmured.
“You love him, don’t you?” Juanita asked, surprised at the realization.
“Don’t tempt fate,” Take groused. “He loves me. That is bad enough.”
Someone knocked at the door.
“Take, are you in there?” Old King Blackwell called out.
“I’m getting dressed. I’ll be down at breakfast soon. I’ll see you there,” Take answered.
After a brief silence, his father said, “All right. Don’t be too long. Serafina is back. She will want to welcome you home.”
“I’ll be right down,” Take yelled.
They listened as the clumps of his wooden leg and cane echoed down the stone steps.
“Serafina,” Take muttered. “Could this day get any worse?”

That morning at breakfast, Take pretended not to notice as Serafina showered him with amused glances.
“Will your troupe be putting on a performance while you are here in Henge?” she asked.
“Not unless some occasion worthy of celebration should arise,” Take replied, shoveling his breakfast into his mouth as fast as he was able.
Old King Blackwell looked up from his plate. “What are you talking about? We have every kind of thing to celebrate. You are here with your friends and Serafina has just returned home after a long trip. Those are both things worth celebrating.” The old King began to warm to his topic. “In fact we should have a performance tonight or tomorrow at the latest.”
“We have nothing rehearsed,” Take said.
“What does that matter? Do the same one you did last time. Everybody loved that one. Didn’t you love that one, Ambrose?” the old King asked, turning to Prince Blackwell.
Prince Blackwell had been eating happily, in peace for once, while his father’s attention was centered on his half-brother. He coughed a little and took a sip of tea. “Take’s last performance? Yes, very entertaining. We quite enjoyed it, did we not?” he said, turning to his wife, hoping to shift the conversation to her.
Serafina smiled her amused smile. “Yes, we did. Unfortunately I will not be here either tonight or tomorrow night. I must go and retrieve Esme and Shalin from Helsop.”
Prince Blackwell looked alarmed. “My Dear, anxious as I am to have our daughters back, I would not have you venture out in such weather.”
“The snow has stopped falling,” Serafina said.
There were no windows around the dining room to look out of to verify this, but everyone knew Serafina was never wrong about such things.
Take held his fork, piled high with scrambled eggs, in midair as the grin spread across his face. “The snow has stopped falling?” he repeated.

Within an hour Take had his Acting Troupe assembled, packed and ready to leave Henge. He thought he might be able to slip away unnoticed but as they approached the gate in the castle wall, old King Blackwell intercepted them.
“Where are you going?” he demanded.
“We must take advantage of this break in the weather,” Take explained. “We have to be getting back to Fernland.”
“But you have only been here two days. You can’t leave yet. We have a lot to talk about. You haven’t even put on a performance. I thought you were here for the winter.”
“No, just a visit. We must get back. We have obligations.” Take’s voice turned vague as he ran out of excuses.
Old King Blackwell’s face fell into a forlorn expression. “It’s about your engagement isn’t it?”
“No, not at all,” Take lied. “You are, of course, entitled to your opinion on the matter. No hard feelings, really.” Take managed a smile.
“I am sure Juanita is a lovely person. But you are the son of a king. You are second in line for the throne. Prince Blackwell has no sons.” Old King Blackwell clasped his son’s arm, trying to make him understand.
“I will consider all you have said, I promise.” Take smiled again and freed himself from his father’s grasp.
As the troupe filed through the gate, Take found he was holding his breath. He began to breathe again when he heard the gate slam shut behind him.

Chapter 51

Village of Helsop

Serafina raised her hand to signal a halt as she cleared the last rise along the road between Henge and Helsop. Prince Blackwell had insisted she take Sergeants Smithe and Toff along with her to carry skis and sleds in case of snow. She could hardly argue with him as snow had been falling off and on for several days now.
As she examined Helsop from atop the rise she noticed a new canal circling through the village. A mill wheel turned as the water ran below it, lapping at the wooden flaps of the wheel. She frowned as she studied it. It was quite a feat of engineering to have been completed in the six weeks she had been gone – unless some sort of witchcraft had been employed to aid in the construction. A few snowflakes fell on her face and hands and she flipped her reins to urge her horse forward.
Dagon must have been advised of visitors coming from Henge. She recognized his militia jacket as he rode out to meet them.
“Serafina, welcome back,” he said with a smile.
Serafina nodded. “I see you have constructed a millwheel.”
“Yes, I thought it wise to guide the twins in the use of their water powers after they accidentally flooded the castle compound while playing with small wooden boats.”
Serafina smiled. “I see. And Electra agreed to this?”
Dagon frowned. “Electra is in Taz at the insistence of our sometime friend, Bataar of Barburee.”
Serafina drew up her horse and stopped. Dagon stopped a few paces ahead and turned back to join her.
“Where are Esme and Shalin?” she asked, her voice as cold as the snow falling around her.
“The twins are here, with my sister Isa. Electra did not think it wise to take them with her to Taz.” Dagon seemed to stiffen his posture in anticipation of what was coming next.
“And what reason was so compelling as to justify a trip to Taz?” Serafina asked with narrowed eyes.
“The imminent birth of Bataar’s son. I understand his wife lost a child earlier and was uneasy about losing a second. Bataar had extracted a promise previously from Electra that she would attend at the birth. He sent a ship to Fernland to transport her to Taz.”
Serafina considered this information for a moment before urging her horse forward. “Take me to your sister,” she said finally.
Dagon took a deep breath and relaxed his posture. “They are at the School of Medicine,” he said, flicking his reins to send his horse into a gallop.

By the time they reached the School of Medicine, the ground was already covered with a thin layer of snow. Dagon dismounted only long enough to open the door of the school for Serafina.
“I will take your men and horses to the stables and see that everyone finds lodging. I hope you will be staying at least until the storm passes over,” he said.
“Perhaps,” Serafina replied, walking through the door of the school without turning to look back at Dagon.
“Shut the door,” Electra’s voice rang out.
Serafina looked beyond the dining table to the perch where Coco stationed himself, ready to welcome all newcomers. She hesitated when she saw the parrot who had mimicked Electra’s voice so exactly.
A little flurry of activity under the dining table greeted her arrival.
“Mama.”
“Mama.”
Two little voices rang out and her twin daughters ran to hug her. A little boy, a panther and two wolves followed them out from under the dining table.
“Serafina,” Isa said, coming from the kitchen area. “You are back.”
Serafina bent down and lifted a twin in each arm, clasping them tightly to her chest.
“Esme, Shalin,” she said as she kissed each little cheek. “How I have missed you both.”
“We made a river,” Shalin said proudly. 
“And mill,” Esme added.
“I know. I saw them,” Serafina said. “You both did very well.”
The two little girls beamed at the praise and snuggled their faces into her chest.
“The girls have been a delight,” Isa said. “Little Dagon will be so sad to see his playmates leave for home. You must stay a few days. We expect Electra home any time now.” Isa cast a worried glance out the window. “If she can still get through, that is.”
“How long has Electra been gone?” Serafina asked.
“She left only a day or so after you did. Bataar brought a ship to Fernland just to transport her to Taz. Dagon is worried. He sent a message a few days ago, hoping she had returned to Fernland by now. He warned her that she should come to Helsop very soon lest the snows grow to prevent it.”
“It may already be too late,” Serafina said. “This looks to be a white out.”
They both glanced out the window and saw that the snow had increased in volume such that only a cloud of swirling white flakes could be seen.
“This will be the first winter that we do not fear to lose villagers to starvation,” Isa said. “We have a good supply of cured and dried fish as well as barrels of grains and lentils. Our two new fishing boats have given us security.”
“To what use will you put the twins’ new mill?” Serafina asked.
If Isa noticed her allocation of the new mill to the twins, she did not make mention of it. “Dagon has coupled the mill wheel to a grinding stone that we will use to sharpen tools and weapons. Our craftsmen are so laden with orders from Sandovia they can hardly keep up. This new wheel should speed things along.”
Serafina nodded. “I am happy to learn that Henge’s Royal Family has been a part of Helsop’s new wave of prosperity,” she said.
Isa smiled uncertainly, a questioning look on her face. “I am sure Dagon is very grateful,” she said.
“Next time it might be well to ask my permission in advance,” Serafina warned.
Isa swallowed with an audible gulp. “Yes, of course,” she said. “They seemed so eager to use their new powers, we thought..., but of course you are quite right.” Isa seemed at a loss as to what to say that might ease the tense situation. “Would you care for tea?”
Serafina looked once more at her twins who had already left her to resume their play beneath the dining table. They seemed to have been well cared for. Shalin played a new flute and Esme hugged a young rabbit.
“Tea would be welcome,” she said.
Isa nearly tripped in her haste to return to the kitchen.

Chapter 52

Village of Helsop

Snow continued falling for three days. The mood inside the School of Medicine mirrored the weather outside – cold and uncomfortable. Dagon and Isa hesitated when speaking to Serafina, acutely aware of her displeasure in finding Electra gone and her twins’ powers put to practical use in her absence.
On this, the third day of the storm, she ordered Smithe and Toff to bring in the skis and sleds they had brought from Henge. Dagon looked at the skis they deposited on the floor of the dining area. He had braved the storm earlier to add his own equipment to the pile.
Dagon picked up a set of skis from Henge and considered its attributes. The ski for the left foot was long and slender for gliding, while the ski for the right foot was short and covered with goats’ fur.
“I plan to start out for Fernland as soon as the storm abates,” Dagon said to Serafina. “Electra should be returned from Taz by now, and if she is not, I want to find her.”
Serafina looked up with some interest. “Will you go to Taz if she is not in Fernland?”
“Yes, I suppose I may have to,” he said.
She nodded and seemed to relax her posture somewhat. “I am glad to hear it. I should have allowed Prince Blackwell to kill Bataar when we had the chance. He has proved to be an annoyance.”
“Why did you prevent Prince Blackwell from killing him?” Dagon asked with a curious expression.
“I thought it likely the Great Khan would turn his attention in our direction should his son be killed in Henge.” Serafina applied a layer of wax to her long ski.
Dagon nodded. “I assumed the same for Helsop. It kept me from killing him as well. The fact that he sent two of his men here to assassinate me did not sit well with me or my militia.”
This comment brought a faint smile to Serafina’s lips.  She watched as Dagon studied her short ski. 
He ran his hand over the goat’s fur lining. “Do you find two different ski lengths advantageous?” he asked.
“It helps when the terrain rises to have one ski for kicking.”
Dagon considered this for a moment. “Yes, I can see where that might be helpful.” He picked up the ice skates that lay on the floor beside the sled. “These skates are made with bone for the runners.”
Serafina looked up from her waxing. “Are yours not bone?”
Dagon took a pair of skates from a burlap sack. “We have experimented with different types of metal runners. We have found copper to work well when Cold Lake freezes over.”
Serafina held his skates in her hands, hefting the weight. “Will you make three pairs of these for me? One for myself and one pair for each of the twins?”
“Certainly,” Dagon said, relieved to be back in Serafina’s good graces. “I can make them myself as soon as I return from Fernland.”
“Good,” Serafina said, looking up but not out the window. “I believe the snow has stopped.”
Dagon walked to the window. Outside the sky remained grey and overcast, but the snow lay like a pristine blanket of white – a picture of quiet serenity.
Serafina gathered up her skates and skis before calling the twins. “Esme, Shalin, find your coats. We will leave without delay.”
“Esme, Shalin,” Coco the Parrot called in Serafina’s voice. Dagon and Serafina laughed as the twins looked quizzically at Coco.
Serafina and the twins left in a flurry of activity. The panther and the wolves gathered anxiously at the door, eager to be out in the snow. Esme and Shalin were bundled in coats and blankets and placed alongside bags of food on a large sled.
Smithe and Toff were charged with leading the horses through the snow. If it proved too deep for the horses, they would be returned while Serafina went ahead on skis, pulling the toboggan.
Dagon cleared a path from the door of the school to the shed where the horses waited. The snow was almost waist high. He doubted the horses would make it over the pass.
Serafina stood by her loaded toboggan as she said goodbye to Dagon and Isa. “If Electra has not returned from Taz, send word by ship to me in Henge. I can arrange passage for both of us by ship to Taz if need be.”
Dagon nodded. “I will send word to you either way, but I will not wait for you if she has not arrived back in Fernland. I will arrange my own passage to Taz on the first ship I can find.”
Serafina tilted her head in a way that expressed approval. “I will expect the ice skates I have ordered when the weather clears.” She may have smiled but it was likely Dagon only imagined it.
He watched Serafina glide over the snow on her skis, pulling the sled behind her. She did not turn to wave goodbye. Dagon decided if she were to get her ice skates anytime soon he had best delegate the task.

Dagon found Dorian the Blacksmith inside his cottage, keeping warm by the fire.
“No work today?” he asked his friend.
“I am caught up on orders, thanks to our new mill tool sharpener,” he said.
“I have a new order – two in fact,” Dagon said.
“Who has been by to place an order in this storm?” Dorian asked.
“One for Serafina, who has just departed, thank the stars, and one for me. Mine is a rush order.”
Dorian laughed. “So, we are left without a sorceress; how will we manage?”
“Very well, I think,” Dagon said, with a grimace. “She wants ice skates for herself and her twins, made with copper runners. They are still using bone runners in Henge.”
“In truth? I supposed them to be on the cutting edge of any advancement.”
“It seems Helsop has now edged forward in the realm of innovation, although I did see an advantage in her skis. She had one long and slender for gliding and the other short and covered in goatskin, the better for kicking when going uphill. Do you think you could make me such a short ski quickly? I mean to leave as soon as possible for Fernland.”
Dorian looked up from his fireplace. “We have had no word as yet?”
Dagon knew Dorian was as worried about his son, Tandor, as he himself was about Electra. He shook his head.
“No, nothing as yet. I sent a message to Fernland but, of course, no reply could have gotten through these last three days.”
“So you plan to go to Fernland yourself – on skis?”
Dagon saw the look of misgiving in Dorian’s eyes. 
“If Serafina can go to Henge on skis, pulling a sled, I should be able to make it to Fernland moving only myself.”
“The mud could be deep at the base of the plateau if they have had rain rather than snow,” Dorian cautioned.
“I will likely follow the river rather than the road.”
Dorian nodded. “I am anxious to have word as well. I will have your short ski cut down within the hour.”
“Thank you,” Dagon said, clasping his friend’s shoulder. “I will send word as soon as I learn their whereabouts.”

Chapter 53

City of Taz

After many days travel with the caravan, Electra and the women and children reached the city of Taz. They had said goodbye to the camel pullers that morning at a crossroads on the caravan route. Electra was anxious about what the conditions in Taz would be for the women and children they had left behind.
They walked through the small village of yurts left for the Barburee officials in charge of Taz. The bulk of the Great Khan’s Army was on its way to China. A few soldiers, mostly older men, sat before their yurts tending to their weapons or their horses. All was quiet at Odval’s yurt and Electra decided she must pay a visit after all the women and children were settled.
They entered the city of Taz through the open gates in the great wall that surrounded the city. Children played in the streets. They appeared healthy and well cared for. Water flowed in the streams and played in the fountains. The women who had been left behind came out of their homes, smiling and happy to see the friends and neighbors they had thought gone to make their homes once again in Fernland.
The Caliph chatted with those he had feared for and finally came to discuss his findings with Electra.
He wiped his brow with the back of his hand and smiled. “The Barburee soldiers bring them a slaughtered goat or sheep every week. They bring milk for the children and food when they go out to collect taxes from caravans going past on the Silk Road. It appears I worried for no reason. It seems we can count on our enemies to care for our women and children.”
Electra shrugged. “They should, of course. It was the Great Khan who ordered the men to China in the first place.”
“I suppose I have grown too suspicious of late.”
“You have had good reason.”
The Caliph nodded. “This lightens my heart over the wound set there by the loss of our ship.”
“The Great Khan charges the caravans a tax to travel the Silk Road, but he does strive to keep it free of bandits. Perhaps he would be willing to face down the pirates who stole your ship,” Electra suggested.
The Caliph shook his head. “I should not like to be in the Great Khan’s debt.”
Electra smiled. “Nor would I, now I think on it. I need to check on Odval and her son. Is there anything you would like me to ask for? Anything any of the women and children have need of?”
“No. Unless she asks, do not mention what ill luck befell us at the hands of the pirates. Best to leave well enough alone.” The Caliph turned away with a wave.
Electra was about to leave for Odval’s yurt when she saw the Caliph look out to sea and begin to run. He was too old and too tired from their journey to be running. Something must be wrong. She looked past the Caliph out to sea to find out what could have caused his haste and saw a small ship turning into the port of Taz. It was quite unusual to see a ship coming to Taz. Word had spread about the Great Khan’s conquest of Taz and no one wanted to risk trading at a port held by Barburee.
Electra soon caught up with the Caliph. “Is it one of your ships?” she asked, wondering what it could mean if it were.
“No, it is too small. But it does not appear to be a pirate ship. This could mean the beginning of trade. I want them to feel safe in stopping here.” The Caliph slowed to a walk and caught his breath.
A few people had already gathered at the docks to observe this new ship. Electra and the Caliph joined the group. They saw several men waving from the ship which approached at a lively clip.
Just as the group began to be alarmed at the speed with which the ship approached, a sail was turned and the boat swung around to an abrupt halt. The men were shouting now. They appeared quite young.
“That looks like Javed, my grandson,” the Caliph said, amazed. “But where did he get that ship?” His face turned into a frown; he clearly thought something was amiss. Did he believe the ship was stolen? Electra wondered if that might be the case.
A shore boat was lowered and three young men jumped aboard and began rowing vigorously ashore. Many of the women and children recognized the young men and began to cheer and cry out their names.
Javed stepped onto the dock with a big smile for his grandfather. “What do you think of our new ship?” he asked.
The Caliph pursed his lips. “That depends on how you have come to have it,” he said.
“We have built it. It was commissioned by King Geoffrey, as was this voyage to Taz. It is the fastest ship afloat, I’d wager,” Javed said with confidence.
The Caliph registered surprise, then joy at his grandson’s words. Tears gathered at the corners of his eyes. “Come and give an old man a hug,” the Caliph said. “You have brought joy where it was needed.”
Javed hugged his grandfather and was quickly accosted by the rest of his family who clamored for his attention.

When the tumult quieted down, Javed sought out Electra with two message scrolls. He found her on the dock looking out at the new ship.
 “It is called the Prince Avor?”
Javed nodded “Named for your brother who first imagined it. I bring messages from your father. One is for you and the other for Avor.”
“Avor is on his way to China. You had best give them both to me,” Electra said. She broke the seal on the first and began to read.

Dearest Electra,
We are sending this ship to carry you home. We know you will do your best to ensure that Avor will accompany you. We have had a message from Dagon imploring you to return without delay, as travel to Helsop will soon be impossible.
With deepest affection
Your mother and father
Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey

“They commissioned this ship to bring me home?” Electra asked, astounded.
Javed smiled. “A happy coincidence, I believe.  They gave us a project to keep us busy, then were happy to have the ship when you did not return as expected.”
“A happy coincidence indeed.”
“She is a beauty, no?” Javed said.
“She is. I have never seen the like. Your father will be so proud.”
Javed looked around. “Where is he? And where are all our ships?”
“All gone to China, I fear,” Electra said.
Javed’s jaw dropped. “China?”
“Yes, your grandfather will likely want to explain how things are here.” Electra was anxious to open the second scroll and find out what her parents had written to Avor. She slit the seal with a fingernail and began reading.

Dearest Avor,
We urgently request your speedy return home. The boat works is up and running as you can see by the ship that carries your name and this message. They need your guidance. Your mother grieves in your absence and I fear for her health should she not be reunited with you soon.
Your father
King Geoffrey

Electra tapped the message scrolls against her cheek and wondered how she might send one on to Avor. “I must take this to Odval to see what might be done to send it on to Avor. Tell your grandfather that I will be ready to leave for Fernland as soon as he wishes.” She smiled at Javed. “And thank you for the building of this fast ship.”
“I am ever at your service,” Javed said with an easy smile that was so like his grandfather’s that Electra shook her head and laughed.
Chapter 54

City of Taz

Electra went first to Magsa’s yurt. She would need an interpreter for what she intended to ask Odval. Surely they must have some system in place to send messages overland.
“Hello,” she shouted outside Magsa’s yurt. She heard some rustling noises inside and Magsa drew the cloth covering aside to look out.
“Yes. You want Odval?” Magsa asked.
“I do. I want to ask her to send this message on to my brother, Prince Avor.”
“You can leave here. She is ride horse with Mongke.”
Electra thought Magsa must have misspoke. There was no way she would be out riding with a newborn baby. “She is riding a horse with her baby?”
Magsa wrinkled her nose. “Yes.” She seemed impatient with Electra’s lack of understanding.
“Where did she go?” Electra asked.
Magsa waved vaguely in the direction of the hills overlooking the valley which had become a village of yurts.
“When will she be back?” Electra asked.
Magsa shrugged. She stepped to the side of her yurt and studied the hills. Then she pointed to a little cloud of dust at the bottom of a hill. “There. She comes now.” She turned to go back inside.
“Wait!” Electra said. “Please,” she added. “I need you to translate what I have to say to her.”
Magsa shrugged again. “Send message?”
“Yes. Is it possible to get a message to my brother? He is traveling with the Army. With Bataar.”
“You say take to Bataar. He will get message.”
Odval was within sight now, riding very fast. She had a bow and arrows draped over one shoulder and her newborn son hanging from a scarf against her chest. She pulled to a stop in front of Magsa’s yurt. She spoke rapidly to Magsa as she slid from her horse.
Magsa looked interested as she turned to Electra. “She says why you are here? You left for home already.”
“We were attacked by pirates. They took our ship. We have come back through the desert.”
Magsa nodded and translated. Odval and Magsa spoke a while longer and shared a laugh before seeming to remember Electra was there. Odval took the scroll from Electra.
Magsa translated what she deemed fit for Electra to hear. “The message will reach him. Each city on way have fast messenger. No problem.”
Electra nodded and stiffened as the breeze brought a smell of blood and death to her nose.  She leaned forward to peek inside the scarf that held Mongke and jerked backward at the sight of a furry body oozing blood.
Odval pulled two rabbits from the scarf to reveal Mongke sleeping peacefully beneath the carcasses.  She said something in the Barburee language as she held the two dead rabbits proudly before her by their long ears.
“Rabbit stew,” Magsa translated.
Electra coughed and caught her breath. She supposed this must be a way of life for Barburee children—sleeping peacefully beside their dead prey. “I will leave today on a new ship. And please...” She began to say please look after the shipbuilders’ wives and children, but decided since they had been looked after so far, it might be better to say nothing. She ended by saying “stay well.”

Electra walked back through the broken gate to the city and found a lot of activity as the few selected to return to Taz rushed about to gather their belongings for the trip. Electra was happy to see that Laleh was among the chosen few.
Laleh beckoned her closer. “Grandfather says we only have room for fifty on the ship, but no one seems to mind. After being captured by pirates I believe most are happy to be back in Taz.”
Electra nodded. “You are welcome to come back to Helsop and stay with me at the School of Medicine, if you choose.”
“Thank you,” Laleh said. “I will speak to my mother about it, but the main reason I was chosen is because they will have no doctor there in Fernland now. I am the closest they have until the men return from China. The women here will have midwives and there is a doctor of sorts left for the Barburee soldiers.”
Electra wondered what she meant by a doctor of sorts but decided not to take the time to ask. “Have you seen Tandor or Olaf?” she asked instead.
“I last saw them speaking to my grandfather. They may already have gone aboard.” Laleh rushed off to gather her things at the dock for transport on the next shore boat.
Electra walked down to the dock, wondering if her few belongings, newly acquired from the caravan, had been taken aboard. She saw Tandor running toward her.
“Are you ready to leave?” she asked.
“Yes. The Caliph wants to get us back without delay. He does not want King Geoffrey to blame him for your late arrival. He hopes your father will allow a substantial number of Taz families to move back to run the boat works.”
“Have you seen the things I bought from the caravan?”
“I gave them to Olaf to take to your cabin onboard. There are only two cabins and the Caliph insisted you have one.”
“That is ridiculous. I have no need of the cabin.”
Tandor raised his eyebrow. “He is the Captain.”
Electra understood. The Captain’s word was law aboard ship. It would not be seemly to argue with one of his decisions.
“Then a cabin shall be mine,” Electra said with a smile.

Within an hour the ship was heading out to sea. They waved from the deck and Electra had a vague sense of having forgotten something. Then it dawned on her. She should have added her own message to Prince Avor. He would question how the message had come to him. She bit her lip in frustration. How could she have neglected to think of it? She took a final look at the gleaming white city of Taz and left to find her cabin.

Two days later Electra was on deck as they neared the port of Venito. She saw the Caliph and his grandson, Javed, in the bow of the ship. They seemed to be arguing.
The Caliph noticed her and smiled. She smiled back and, curious, walked toward them.
Javed looked angry and quickly faced away. “Please forgive my grandson,” the Caliph said in a pleasant voice. “He is in favor of attacking the pirates and retaking the Spirit of Taz.”
Electra nodded slowly. Now the argument made sense. She spoke to Javed’s silent back. “There are more than fifty of them and we could expect no help from the soldiers in Venito. They all seem to be complicit in the pirates’ attacks.”
Javed spun around. “We would surprise them. We would set their ships afire.”
“You would risk burning the Spirit of Taz as well.” Electra put her hand to her mouth in horror.
“What is it?” The Caliph asked.
“I let slip that we were attacked and our ship taken by pirates when I spoke to Odval. She may tell Bataar when he returns from China.”
Javed’s face showed interest, then distaste. “If they attack the pirates in our stead they may consider the Spirit of Taz their prize.”
The Caliph rested his chin on his fingers as he considered Electra’s confession. Then he waved the thought away. “What is done is done. That is worry for another day. Let us make peace, Grandson, and turn our thoughts to Fernland.”
Javed took a deep breath. “As you say, Captain.” He forced a smile but his glance drifted off in the direction of the pirates’ secret cave.

Chapter 55

Forest of Fernland

Dagon was almost to the river when he saw the tracks. Wolves. He had crossed the tracks several times already and was ready to admit, finally, what these new tracks signified. The wolves were tracking him. He looked around, studying the underbrush. These latest tracks were new. Usually wolves kept to themselves and hunted small animals and the occasional deer. Why would they be tracking a man?
He removed his pack and the skis that had taken him swiftly down the incline from Helsop’s plateau. He went through his pack and found the small hatchet he needed to break through the layer of ice to get water. He decided to take out his line and hook as well. A fresh trout would make a good lunch. He kept his bow and arrows close as he swung his hatchet through the ice.
Luck was with him. Before long he felt a pull on his line. He drew in his line to reveal a large trout. He decided this would be as good a spot as any to spend the night. If he built a fire it should be enough to keep the wolves at bay. He took up his hatchet and began to cut down small branches to start a fire. By tomorrow evening he should be in Fernland. What would he do, he wondered, if Electra had not arrived? Helsop was in the best shape it had ever been to withstand the winter months. They had a good supply of dried fish and jerky. In addition, they had gold and silver. If need be, they could go overland to Henge on skis to buy more supplies. He decided he would buy passage to Taz to search for Electra if King Geoffrey had not had word of her. Helsop could survive his absence.
While he was lost in thought, a shadow caught his eye. He turned quickly to see the shadow emerge from the forest. A grey wolf stopped a few feet away and snarled. It was large but lean. A few thoughts ran quickly through Dagon’s mind. Though there should have been enough game for the wolf to hunt in the King’s forest, it was not unusual for villagers to take the chance of poaching a deer to provide a supply of meat through the winter. Perhaps, since King Geoffrey rarely hunted, the Fernland villagers had grown bold in their poaching. Perhaps food for wolves had grown scarce.
Dagon was considering moving slowly toward his bow and arrows when a second and third wolf emerged from the shadows. He held the hatchet firmly and shouted at the wolves. Their only response was to growl low in their throats and move closer. There could be more of the pack behind him. They often circled their prey to cut off any escape.
He was fairly certain he could make it up the nearest pine tree before the closest wolf attacked. He judged he might fend off one with the hatchet but the delay would only serve to give the others the time they needed to move in for the kill. Without more thought he leapt for the tree.
The big grey wolf leapt a second later and managed to snag the heel of his boot in his teeth. Dagon banged the heel of his boot against the trunk of the tree. It took a great effort as the wolf was literally swinging from his boot and must have weighed close to one hundred pounds. The trunk of the tree dislodged the wolf’s teeth and the beast fell to the ground.
The second wolf lunged for his leg but Dagon was quicker. He pulled up his leg and scrabbled up higher in the pine tree. The first wolf tried to leap at the trunk but couldn’t hold on long enough to boost itself into the branches. The grey wolf fell to the ground again, snarling in frustration.
Dagon looked down at the circling wolves with satisfaction.
“Not today,” he said aloud.
The third wolf was busy tearing up the trout Dagon had caught and the other two soon pushed in for a part of the fish.
The fish seemed only to serve to whet their appetites. The largest wolf began to tear up Dagon’s pack, while the other two circled the pine tree, no doubt hoping their intended prey would suddenly fall to the ground.
Before long the large grey wolf had torn through the pack and pulled out chunks of jerky and hard biscuits – all that remained of Dagon’s food. The two wolves beneath the tree were quick to move in and fight for their share of the small meal.
Dagon was glad he had drunk his fill of water from the stream before being treed by the hungry wolves. He judged he could out wait them if needed. He could always eat the pine nuts and the pine needles from the tree. He used his hatchet to cut off enough branches to make himself a comfortable nest and used his belt to secure himself on a large branch in case he should fall asleep during the night.
“Good night my friends,” he said as the sun dipped into the shadows of the forest. “You had best look elsewhere for a meal. I have no intention of falling from this tree.”
Sometime during the night Dagon did fall asleep. And sometime during the night the wolves must have given up. When he awoke the next morning they were gone.
He waited another hour, flexing his cold arms and legs, doing what exercise he could from the branches of the tree to make sure all his limbs were warmed up and ready to move quickly if need be. He waited another hour, searching the shadows, before he shimmied down the tree and leapt for his bow and arrows. He quickly fitted an arrow into the bow and turned in a circle, armed and ready.
The wolves had not bothered his bow and arrow but his pack and its contents were in shreds. It looked as though they had gnawed all night on the leather to satisfy their hunger. Dagon wondered if he should mention the desperate state of the wolf pack to King Geoffrey. He decided against it. Everyone in Helsop had known hunger and he did not want to be the one to signal a clampdown on Fernland poachers.
Dagon shouldered his skis and his bow and arrows. There would be food enough for him when he reached Fernland’s castle and he did not want to tempt fate by staying longer to catch another fish. With luck he would reach Fernland in time for dinner.
He decided to travel the remainder of the way along King’s Road since the rain and snow had ceased falling and the mud should have hardened with the extremely cold weather.

He beat his way through ferns and shrubbery until he reached the road. As he hoped, the mud had hardened into a firm dirt shell. He was making good time when he rounded a curve and glimpsed what appeared to be an overturned cart in the middle of the road. The cart’s contents were strewn around it on all sides.

Chapter 56

Fernland’s Estuary

Electra watched from the deck of the Prince Avor as they neared Fernland’s estuary. The outpost manned by Fernland’s Royal Guard sat at the inlet to the estuary, the better to see ships approaching. She smiled when she saw the puffs of smoke lift into the sky. They had been spotted. King Geoffrey would be notified. By the time they cleared the locks leading to King’s Lake, her parents would be waiting.
They had been fortunate in their return trip. Winter was the time of storms which meant big waves at sea, but they had been blessed with calm waters. Travel by ship fell off drastically in the winter months and Electra was not surprised when they were admitted to the estuary without delay with no other ships in line. She waved to the soldiers at the outpost and they saluted as the Prince Avor sailed past.

King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia waited on the beach as the Prince Avor sailed into King’s Lake and anchored offshore. Queen Delphinia grabbed King Geoffrey’s arm and waved as she watched Electra climb down the rope ladder and step into the shore boat. Her mother’s eyes scanned the deck of the ship for the other face she hoped to see.
Queen Delphinia opened her arms wide as her daughter stepped ashore.
“My Dear, how happy I am to see you. Is the Spirit of Taz following?” she asked in a hopeful voice.
“No. The Spirit of Taz has been taken by pirates,” Electra said, seeing no way to soften the telling.
King Geoffrey stepped forward and hugged his daughter. “Has Avor been captured?” he asked, his voice fearful.
“No, no, I am sure Avor is fine. But he has not returned with us.”
Her mother and father tried not to show their disappointment but they were not successful.
“He chose to stay in Taz?” King Geoffrey asked, his voice breaking slightly.
“There is much to tell you. Perhaps you would like to sit in the coach? It is very cold here by the water,” Electra said, fearing her mother might faint at the news if she were not sitting down.
“Of course. How thoughtless of us. You must be tired and chilled to the bone,” Delphinia said.
They walked to the royal coach as the shore boat returned to the ship to carry the next passengers to shore.
“You must tell us everything,” Delphinia said, attempting to maintain an optimistic frame of mind. “Where is Avor?”
Electra lowered her eyes to avoid her mother’s face. “Bataar insisted that Avor accompany the Great Khan’s Army to China.”
“China!” Delphinia shouted.
Electra looked up, alarmed.
Delphinia turned pale and her eyes seemed to dilate. Electra was glad her mother was sitting down.
King Geoffrey put his arm around his wife. “We must let her tell the story if we are to learn the truth,” he said gently. As he turned back to face Electra, his expression grew stern. “Please continue.”
Electra hesitated, then began to speak in a calm voice. “Bataar always employs the same tactics. He says a good friend would accompany him to Taz or in my case a good friend would go to Taz to be there for the birth of his son. It is never clear whether such a request is a threat or a plea. It seems safer to interpret such requests as threats. At any rate, Avor felt compelled to go along with him.” Electra did not add that Avor seemed inclined to go in any case.
“But this is akin to kidnapping,” King Geoffrey said loudly. He seemed more comfortable in his outrage than in his fear.
“Avor had the good sense not to test it,” Electra said.
Delphinia put her hand on Electra’s arm. “Did he see the ship we had built and named for him?”
Electra patted her mother’s hand. “No, sadly he had already left before it arrived. I asked that your message to him be sent on. They have messengers stationed in all their conquered cities, ready to ride to the next city. Bataar’s wife assured me that the message would find him.”
Delphinia nodded and took out her handkerchief to brush away a tear. “Why are they going to China?” she asked.
“Odval fears they may negotiate a treaty that will result in Bataar taking a second wife from the Emperor’s family.”
King Geoffrey pursed his lips as he considered this. “Do you think they will dare to take China by force if their treaty negotiations fail?” he asked. 
Electra shrugged. “I do not know. But I do know they have sent the Taz ships off to China as well on a scouting mission to determine the size and strength of the Chinese fleet.”
As King Geoffrey considered this bit of information Electra looked out the window to see several shore boats full of women and children landing on the beach. The Caliph appeared to be directing them back to their old dwellings by the boat works.
“The Taz sailors did not really wish to go on this fact-finding mission and feared they might find themselves in the middle of a war that was not their own, but as usual, whenever the Great Khan says...” She trailed off as the remainder hardly needed to be stated.
“Was it on this fact-finding mission that the Spirit of Taz was taken by pirates?” King Geoffrey asked.
“No.” Electra smothered a nervous cough. “They left the Spirit of Taz to transport me home. It was when we stopped at the port of Venito that we were captured by pirates.”
“You were captured?” Delphinia shrieked.
“Yes.” Electra held up her hand. “But we were able to ransom ourselves out of the pirates’ lair. We did not trust anyone in Venito so we walked back to Taz through the desert.”
Delphinia fanned herself with her handkerchief and looked at King Geoffrey for support. “Did they harm you?” she whispered.
Electra shook her head as she held her mother’s hand. “No. They believed the Caliph when he told them I was an orphan whose parents were killed by bandits along the Silk Road. They thought me without worth or resources.”
Delphinia looked out the window and spotted the Caliph on the beach. “That dear man,” she said, as she reached for the handle of the door.
“Wait here,” Geoffrey said. “I will fetch him.”
When the Caliph had joined them in the carriage, Delphinia seem to gain control of her emotions.
“Dear Caliph. We are in your debt for shielding our Electra from the pirates. How terrible it must have been for you.”
The Caliph glanced at Electra, perhaps wondering how much she had told her parents. “We were fortunate to have Electra with us. Her fine cloak and her friends, Tandor and Olaf, gave us something to bargain with. Of course the loss of our ship was a severe blow. We were filled with joy when the Prince Avor entered the port of Taz. What foresight you showed in opening the boat works once again to commission its construction.”
King Geoffrey cast a suspicious glance in the Caliph’s direction but nodded in agreement. “Yes, I have decided that we might continue in a limited production of small ships, at least until our son returns, and we are able to determine his wishes in the matter.”
“Most commendable,” the Caliph said with an enthusiastic smile. “We of Taz are ever at your service and look forward to fulfilling your every vision to Fernland’s greater glory.”
“Umm, yes,” King Geoffrey said.
“You will, of course, join us for a welcome home dinner at the castle,” Delphinia said. “We still have much to speak of.”
“Of course,” the Caliph said, with a bow as exuberant as sitting in the carriage allowed.

Chapter 57

Fernland’s Forest

Dagon’s eyes searched the forest around him as he moved closer to the overturned cart. He stopped to listen. He saw no movement and he heard no suspicious sounds except for those coming from under the cart.
“Should we risk it?” a voice whispered.
“Take said to wait for them,” another voice whispered in reply.
“But what if they need our help,” a third voice chimed in.
“Hello?” Dagon said, bending down to peer under the cart. He could see claw marks where wolves had tried to dig their way under the cart. Luckily the dirt was hardened by the freezing temperature, and their attempts had failed.
All was quiet for one second. Then a voice demanded, “Who are you?”
“Not a wolf,” Dagon said, laughing. “Juanita, is that you?”
Dagon tried to lift the heavy cart, and with help from the girls underneath, finally succeeded in righting it.
“We was attacked by wolves,” Angie said, her eyes still wide with fear.
“One large grey and two others, smaller?” Dagon asked.
“No, they was five, and they all looked big and grey ta me,” Peaches said.
“They even tried ta dig under the cart ta get at us,” Trixie added, her eyes filling with tears. “We was right scared, I’ll tell ya.”
Esmeralda pouted, her expression sullen. “Nasty things. You should kill them all,” she said, looking at Dagon’s bow and arrows.
“Were there others with you?” Dagon asked.
“All our menfolk. There wasn’t another inch under the cart with the lot a us girls, so they took off,” Angie said. “Smiles, he clubbed one clear off ‘ is feet and the tothers backed off some fer a time.” She looked off into the forest and began to cry. “We don’t know if they got away or not.”
“Let us go and see,” Dagon said in a gentle voice. “But first we will arm ourselves.”
“That was the problem,” Juanita said. “We didn’t one of us have a weapon. They took us by surprise.”
Dagon pulled his hatchet from his belt. “I will make a fire. Maybe the men will see it and return. Then I will make enough clubs from branches to go around. If the wolves come back we will be ready.”

As Dagon built up his fire, he noticed vultures circling in the sky, off to the west. Something was dead, far off in the forest. He hoped it was not one of the acting troupe’s men. He quickly averted his eyes, hoping the girls would not notice.
“Look there,” Juanita shouted. “Vultures! Something’s dead.” She began to run for the forest.
“Hold on,” Dagon said. “It is more likely the wolves finally found a deer to take down. If it is one of the men, it is too late for us to help him and we would only put ourselves at risk if we tried to take the body from the wolves. We will go as soon as we all have clubs to defend ourselves.”
Juanita turned back, reluctantly.

Dagon worked quickly to fashion rough clubs from branches. Just as they were about to leave, they saw movement in the ferns.
Tom and Take the Thief emerged from the forest, looking haggard and stumbling through the bushes.
Their eyes lit up when they saw Dagon and the girls, brandishing clubs.
“We saw the fire,” Take said. “And the vultures.”
Juanita and Angie ran to hug their men. Dagon was surprised to see that Take and Juanita were now a couple.
“How did ya fare, out there?” Angie asked her husband. “I was that afeared fer ya, I could hardly think.”
“We both climbed trees, fast as lightning,” Tom said. “But we saw Smiles and Bear. They wasn’t as fast, ‘cause a Bear’s short legs and all, an’ so Smiles, he just picks up Bear in one arm and kicks a wolf with one foot an’ backhands a tother an’ then we lost sight of the two a them.”
They all looked back into the forest, hoping to see Bear and Smiles emerging from the high brush.
“I will just cut down another two branches for clubs and then we will go to look for them,” Dagon said.

The group started out a few minutes later, Dagon with his bow and arrow, Take with Dagon’s hatchet and the others with clubs. The vultures continued to circle so they headed in that direction.
They had a difficult time of it, Take whacking at brush with his hatchet as they trudged through undergrowth and snow drifts. They slowed as they drew closer to the vultures circling overhead. They could just glimpse a small clearing through the branches. They heard the yips and snarls of feuding wolves and they smelled blood and death.
“Can you make out what they got?” Tom whispered anxiously.
“What was Smiles wearing?” Dagon asked, hoping they wouldn’t say a brown coat.
“He had ’is green tunic on, and a black cloak,” Trixie said in a confident voice.
Dagon breathed a relieved breath. “It is a deer.”
The others stifled a cheer, but one wolf looked up, aware of their presence. Five clubs, a hatchet, and a bow and arrow swung up simultaneously. The wolf snarled in their direction, then went back to battling over the deer carcass.
Take saw the top of a head appear over some rocks on the opposite side of the clearing. “That’s Bear over beyond the clearing. I recognize his red hair.”
Peaches started to cry in relief. “I knew he was gonna make it, my Bear.”
“We will circle around the clearing and meet them,” Dagon said “I do not think anything will tear the wolves away from their prize as long as there is still meat on the bones.”

The group tried to move with stealth and silence, but in fact, made quite a racket going through the forest. The wolves were aware of them and looked in their direction often, but made no move to attack. Bear and Smiles were aware of them as well and began moving toward their friends around the clearing.
Peaches ran to Bear as soon as he came into view. Juanita and Esmeralda, with their medical training, saw the blood and hurried to help Smiles.

It was a joyful reunion. Smiles was the only one hurt and his injuries were limited to bites and cuts. Bear told the story of their escape.
“Smiles here, he just picks me up – didn’t think I was goin’ fast enough to suit him. And then he passes one tree after a tother—just  stoppin’ ta swat a wolf away now and again. And then we run through this clearing and like to scared a big old deer to death, and he starts runnin’ away right into the pack a wolves chasin’ us. It was a sight to see, I’ll tell ya.
“Them wolves couldn’t a been happier. Here they thought they was stuck with us for a meal and we go an’ flush a deer – their favorite meal, I’d say – right into their mouths so to speak. We was gonna start back when we seen the fire, but then we thought– better wait till they’re right full a meat an’ ready fer a nap afore we start back.”

They all stayed close to their fire that night, hungry, but feasting on the story of their adventure.

Chapter 58

Fernland’s Castle

Electra woke up slowly. She had slept a very deep sleep after nights of being tossed and turned aboard ship. She looked out her window to see the sun already up and the horizon a light pink of fading dawn.
She quickly threw on a dress and walked down the hall of the castle to the family dining room. She knew her mother had invited Tandor and Olaf to join them but she doubted that they would come, preferring to breakfast with the Royal Guard at the mess hall.
The Caliph approached from the other end of the hall and she waited for him at the door to the dining room so they could enter together. “Did you sleep well?” she asked.
“Quite well,” the Caliph said with a bow. “Queen Delphinia is ever attentive to the comfort of her guests. And yourself?”
“I slept so soundly a war could have raged around me and I would not have known.”
The Caliph smiled and opened the door for her.
Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey were already having tea when they entered.
“Ah, Dear Electra and Dear Caliph. I trust you both slept well?” Delphinia asked.
Both nodded and took seats at the table. “I cannot tell you how happy we are to finally have family with us again, for I consider you family as well, Caliph,” Delphinia continued. “You must both stay for the winter, of course; the boat works needs your leadership, Caliph, and the snows on the plateau will make travel to Helsop impossible for you, Electra.”
Electra opened her mouth to argue, then closed it, thinking her mother might be correct. She did not look forward to spending a whole season apart from Dagon and even though she loved her parents, she did not look forward to a winter of their close attention.
“You wrote that you had heard from Dagon,” she said, hoping for more news of Helsop.
“Yes, he agreed travel would soon be impossible and that was many days ago.”
Electra pursed her lips, knowing any argument would be futile. Her mother was determined to keep her in Fernland for as long as possible. “Did he include any news of Helsop?”
Queen Delphinia looked at King Geoffrey with a questioning glance.
King Geoffrey shook his head, “Not that I recall.”
The Caliph took up his own line of conversation. “I believe the boat works could make a good profit from either a line of fishing boats or a line of fast ships such as the Prince Avor. I wondered what Your Highness had in mind?”
King Geoffrey looked up, considering his answer. “I suppose we might continue with both to judge which sells faster and garners the better profit,” he said finally.
The Caliph was constructing his enthusiastic response when they were interrupted by a knock on the door.
“What is it?” King Geoffrey asked in an annoyed voice.
A page opened the door and leaned his head through. “We have just had word from the gate that Take and his Acting Troupe have been sighted and Dagon of Helsop is with them.”
Queen Delphinia stood up. “Take and Dagon? How did they get through?” She sat back down. “Bring Dagon here as soon as he arrives.” She smiled at Electra. “How wonderful. We will have you both here and Take’s troupe to entertain as well. He told me he was going for a visit to Henge and I could hardly stop him since I had so little work to offer him here.”
Electra stood up. “I will go out to meet them.”
“But your breakfast,” Delphinia argued.
“I will have something to eat with Dagon when we arrive back here,” she said as she rushed out the door.

Electra stopped at her room long enough to throw on a cloak, then ran down the stairs and all the way to the drawbridge before slowing down to a walk. She did not get far along King’s Road before she saw the group coming, pulling a cart with them. Dagon saw her and jogged ahead of the others.
He lifted Electra into the air and swung her around in a joyous circle.
“I am so happy to find you here,” he said. “I thought I might have to go to Taz to fetch you back.”
“But how have you come? I was told it snowed for days, then rained, and the roads were impassable.”
“My skis are on the cart,” he said.
“Skis! How clever you are. Have you an extra pair to save me from a season of my parents’ affections?” she asked, laughing.
Dagon laughed as well, holding her at arm’s length, studying the length and breadth of her. “You are not wearing your ring,” he noted.
“The pirates took it,” she said, knowing what questions would follow and steeling herself for a long explanation.
“Pirates? What pirates?”
“We stopped in Venito and were taken prisoners by pirates.”
The laughter was gone now from Dagon’s eyes. “This is not a jest?”
Electra told him the story of the pirates’ capture of the ship, her cloak with the ring in its hem, the long trek back to Taz and the arrival of the Prince Avor to take her home.
Dagon listened, holding his many questions until she had finished her tale. His mouth was set in a grim line. “We will commission a ship. I will take my militia to undo that den of pirates and retrieve your ring.”
Electra shook her head. There are others ahead of you who will wish to do the same. “Javed with his boat builders and the Great Khan’s Army, to name two.” She decided not to mention Serafina’s theory that the enchanted ring might be finding its own way back home.
“I would not have your ring fall into their hands, either.”
“I am sure either would return the ring to me, should they find it. But I have told you much of my news and you have told me little of yours. How do you happen to be in the company of Take and his Acting Troupe?”
Dagon told her of the actors encounter with the wolves, left out the part about his own narrow escape, and went on to the flooding of the castle enclosure and the twins’ aid in redirecting a branch of Helsop’s river to turn a mill wheel.
“So much excitement I have missed,” she complained, “but I have left my best news for last.”
“There is more?”
“I believe Olaf will be cured of his tumor.”
Dagon hugged Electra. “We must tell Isa at once.”
“My mother and father have other ideas. They expect us to stay for the winter.”
Dagon considered. “We will stay for a few days,” he said. He smiled. “While I make three more sets of skis.”
Electra hugged him and turned around to welcome the Acting Troupe to Fernland.

Chapter 59

Road to Fernland’s Castle

Electra held out her hands to welcome her former students, Juanita and Esmeralda. The actors all ceased pushing and pulling their cart along the muddy road and huddled around Dagon and Electra.
“Did Dagon tell you about the wolves?” Angie asked, pulling Electra into a warm hug.
“He did. It must have been terrifying.”
“That it was, but it makes fer a good tale.” Angie smiled.
Electra clasped Esmeralda’s hand and noticed that Juanita had her arm tucked into Take’s.
“What took you all to Henge and back this time of year?” Electra asked.
Take looked down at the ground, silent.
Juanita shrugged. “It’s no secret. We went to tell old King Blackwell that Take and I are going to be married.”
“Congratulations,” Electra said. “I am sure you celebrated your engagement in Henge but we should celebrate it again now you are in back in Fernland.”
“Wasn’t much of a celebration in Henge,” Esmeralda said.
Juanita glared at her friend, but then looked at Electra with a disgusted expression. “The old King doesn’t want his son to marry a Gypsy. Can you believe that?”
Electra’s jaw fell. She stammered a faint response. “I am so sorry.”
Take looked up. “It doesn’t matter. Of course we will marry anyway.”
“Of course,” Electra said. “In time he will grow to look with favor on your marriage.” Electra wondered why she was still talking, but couldn’t seem to stop herself. “My mother will be so happy to have an occasion to celebrate.”
Juanita’s eyes narrowed. “As I recall, it was your father told our gypsy caravan we had an hour to clear out of Fernland.”
Electra looked back at the castle, shaking her head in denial. “My mother was very excited when a page announced your acting troupe had been sighted from the watch tower.” 
Electra decided a change of subject might be apropos. “I would wager you are all famished. Let us hurry on to see what might be on order at the castle’s kitchen.”
“Now yer talkin’ my language,” Tom said, picking up the yoke of the cart.

At the castle kitchen Take and his actors filled their empty stomachs while regaling the kitchen staff with tales of wolves and snow and cold days and nights on the road to Fernland. 
Electra hurried Dagon upstairs to find her parents. They were still waiting impatiently in the dining room.
“You are still here?” Electra said, surprised.
“Of course,” Queen Delphinia replied. “Where else would we be?” 
Delphinia welcomed Dagon with a hug and he shook hands with King Geoffrey and the Caliph.
Delphinia signaled to a servant to begin serving breakfast and Dagon dug in greedily.
“Are Take the Thief and his actors back for good, I hope?” Delphinia asked.
Electra began to tell of the wolf attacks, and stopped herself just in time, realizing her parents would never allow her to leave early for Helsop on skis if they thought she might be attacked by wolves.
“Take and Juanita are engaged to be married, but Old King Blackwell has forbidden him to marry a Gypsy.”
“Yes, I suppose he would,” Delphinia said as she cut up a bit of ham.
Electra was surprised at her mother’s reaction. “Of course they will marry with or without his blessing. They love one another.”
Delphinia looked up from her plate. “They will?”
“Yes. I told them I was sure you would want to celebrate their engagement,” Electra said.
Delphinia thought this over. “I suppose if they intend to go ahead without his blessing…” Her face was blank for a moment, then she smiled. “Yes, that is a good idea. We should make them feel comfortable here in Fernland where they belong. In fact, they will be guests of honor at tonight’s dinner.”
King Geoffrey looked up at his wife as if he thought she had lost her mind, but only shrugged and went back to eating the breakfast that had been so long delayed.

That evening, Take and his Acting Troupe played music and danced lazily on full stomachs. The guests and ministers gathered in the Great Hall and when dinner was announced, Queen Delphinia walked over to the entertainers.
“I wish you all to join us for dinner tonight. Take and Juanita – you will sit beside me at the head of the table as our special guests of honor to celebrate your engagement. We are so pleased to have you all home in Fernland.”
The actors were surprised and pleased, and wished they had not spent the whole afternoon stuffing themselves in the kitchen. They filed into the dining hall and looked around.
 “It’s getting’ ta be a habit, us ending up in the castle wherever we go,” Bear remarked.

Queen Delphinia beamed from her seat at the table. “This is so wonderful. If only Avor were here my joy he would be complete.”
“Perhaps we could stay a week or two,” Electra whispered to Dagon. “It is nice to see Mother so happy.”
Dagon’s expression was cautious. “Let us take it one day at a time. As long as I have you near, I am content.”
Queen Delphinia held up her glass of wine. “To our good friends Take and Juanita on their engagement to be married.”
Glasses were raised to shouts of “Hear! Hear!”
Take smiled at his bride-to-be and Juanita nodded to her fellow diners as she sipped from her glass.
Electra held up her glass as she smiled at Dagon.  “It is good to be home,” she said.
“Almost home,” he amended, returning her smile.

