Princess Electra  Book 2 Out of Barburee

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2011 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2011 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2011

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Princess Electra  Book 2 Out of Barburee

Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

Princess Electra walked along a narrow deer trail, savoring the silence of the ancient forest.  She stepped gingerly, as Serafina had taught her, aware of each footfall, aware of the woodland creatures that stilled at her passing.  She stopped in a spot of sun, a tiny hole in the green canopy of branches above her, and let the blade of her shovel rest on the trail's covering of pungent pine needles.  As she stood motionless, woodland noises slowly took voice around her.  A bird call, the sharp chatter of a squirrel, a small body rustling through leaves.  Then the quiet crunch of a boot on the trail behind her.  She chose to ignore this last noise for now.
A bright green leafy plant with rods of white blossoms caught her eye.  As she drew near, her eyes sparkled with delight.  Black cohosh.  She had almost depleted her supply of this root over the long winter, using it to treat everything from rheumatism to sore throats at Helsop's clinic.  She began to dig around the roots of the tall plant.  She carefully sliced through the large root ball, taking half and leaving half to grow. When she stood her unearthed half against the trunk of a maple tree, the bush's height matched her own.
Electra wiped her damp face with the sleeve of her blouse and turned to look back at the trail.
"You may as well come forward," she called out.  "Actually, I could use your help."
After a few seconds a blushing young soldier emerged from behind a tree.  He lifted his eyes to meet her own as he walked toward her.
"I'm supposed to follow undetected,” he said.  "What gave me away?"
Electra smiled at the young man and decided against saying she had both heard and seen him.
"Dagon always sends someone to watch over me.  Were you not there I would have been surprised.  What is your name?"
"I am called Tandor," he said.
"Tandor, this is the black cohosh plant," she said, pointing to the bundle of leaves and roots beside her.  "Our supply in the clinic is quite low.  I would be grateful for your help in transporting it back to Helsop.  Indeed, without your help, I would have to bring my hunt to a close."
"I am at your service M'lady," he said, with a slight bow.
"Excellent.  We will retrieve this on our way back.  Have you an interest in plants and herbs?"
The soldier's face began to flush again.  "I've, ah...never really considered the question."
"I see."  Electra hid a smile.  "I will forgo any lessons in that case."
They continued along the deer trail in companionable silence.  At one turn the trees thinned and Electra could hear the distant roar of Ice Water Falls.  Her mind turned to the memory of her brief stay in the cave hidden behind the falls.  Dagon had stashed her there to keep her from being found by her father on the one hand and Prince Blackwell on the other.  So much had happened since that day last autumn.
Electra had met her true parents, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland after sixteen years of believing that Serafina, the sorceress, was her only parent.  Serafina had finally admitted kidnapping Electra but still insisted she had done it for Electra's own good.  To save the starving people of Helsop and to protect her own freedom, Electra had forged a plan that ended in her engagement to Dagon and her taking up residence in the village of Helsop.  And yet, for all the intrigue, war and destruction her return to her family had caused, she was at peace, finally.  No, more than that, she felt needed and happy.
Electra stopped to gather some spikenard root.  She pulled a canvas bag from the pocket of her tunic and placed the root in the bag.  Tandor reached for the bag but Electra shook her head.  "You have enough to carry," she said.  She flung the bag over her shoulder and looked up into the green canopy of the forest.  The slant of the sun's rays through the branches of the trees told her they must start back now if they were to reach the village by dusk.
Tandor kept pace with her easily, even with his tall leafy burden.  He insisted on carrying the shovel as well.  He seemed relieved that Electra was content to walk along without conversing.  He stopped now and then to examine animal tracks and droppings along the trail.  They slowed and held their breath at a turn in the trail.  A deer with a large rack of antlers stood beside a giant fir tree. Tandor reached tentatively for his bow and arrows but the buck's ears went up, his head swiveled and he leapt off into the underbrush.
As Electra and Tandor neared the edge of the forest, the heavy sounds of hammers pounding and saws cutting assaulted them.  With dusk near, the sound intensified.  The workmen hurried to finish whatever task employed them before they were robbed of their light.
Electra looked out over Helsop's two new projects.  The framework for a castle loomed high against the backdrop of Ice Mountain to the north.  The castle would be fronted by Cold River and bounded on the east by a steep slope.  The new fort would sit atop this slope with a barracks for the soldiers attached.  With the completion of the castle Electra supposed the village of Helsop would become the Kingdom of Helsop.
     On the western edge of the village the second project was taking shape.  This was the addition to Electra's small cottage which had taken on proportions to rival the castle.  The renovation of the cottage had been Electra's idea.  She had hoped such an undertaking would make a bond between herself and her mother.  A bond that would enable them to come to know one another slowly over a common goal.  Queen Delphinia's idea of a renovation had gone far beyond Electra's modest expectations.  The villagers secretly referred to the renovation as the Queen's Folly.  Because Electra had fought to keep her original cottage intact, the new construction began at the rear wall and rose up like a monster threatening to devour the small cottage at its front.
Electra shook her head and looked at Tandor.  "Is your family involved in this building mania?" she asked.
"No, we are tool makers.  My father is Dorian, the sword maker.  I am a soldier but I also learn from my father."
"People speak highly of Dorian, the sword maker," Electra said.
"He is famous for his swords," Tandor said simply.
When they reached Electra's cottage Tandor set the black cohosh down just inside the door, saluted, and left as another soldier rushed forward.
"Dagon asks that you come at once.  Your mother has arrived.  They wait for you at the command center," the soldier said.
"My mother Queen Delphinia?" Electra asked before she could stop herself.  Of course it would be Queen Delphinia.  Electra had not seen Serafina since the day of her engagement many months ago.
"Yes," the soldier said.  "She arrived several hours ago."
Electra bit back an impish smile at the thought of Dagon and Queen Delphinia in each other's company for several hours.  Queen Delphinia had thought Dagon unacceptable as a suitor for Electra.  In addition, her father, King Geoffrey had been forced into an unwanted alliance with Helsop as a result of the pair's engagement.  Queen Delphinia had insisted on a long engagement, no doubt hoping Electra would change her mind about marrying Dagon.  Although both Delphinia and Dagon were polite by nature, the underlying tension must have made for a long afternoon for each of them.  No doubt Dagon was desperate for Electra to join them by now.
"I am on my way,"  Electra said, walking quickly.

Chapter 2

Village of Helsop

As Electra rounded the side of her cottage she saw a new pile of lumber beside the framework of the new construction.  This would explain her mother's visit.  Queen Delphinia  must have decided to accompany the monthly delivery of materials for her cottage renovation.  The smell of freshly cut wood drifted past her as she hurried toward the command center.  Electra tried to brush off the dirt and leaves from her tunic as she walked.  Should she have taken the time to change clothes?  She combed her fingers through her hair, dislodging a stray leaf that fell to the ground.
A weak light shone out through the small window of the command center.  Electra opened the door and peeked inside.
"Electra!" her mother and Dagon said at the same time.
Delphinia rushed to embrace her daughter.  Dagon took a deep breath, relief written across his countenance.
"I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long," Electra began.
Delphinia waved her apology away with a flick of her hand.
"I decided at the last minute to accompany the supply wagons," she said.  "I told Geoffrey, I simply must see my Electra, it has been too long."
"And how is my father keeping?" Electra asked.
"He is well," Delphinia said.  "He sends his regards and apologizes for being too overwhelmed with taxes and judgments to accompany me here."
"And what of Avor?" Electra asked, wondering if her brother had forgiven Dagon for keeping him captive to insure Helsop's alliance with Fernland.
Delphinia laughed.  "Your little brother has grown quite tall.  In fact he is now taller than I.  He spends more and more time on the archery field."
"I would love to see this new tall archer," Electra said with a smile.
Delphinia clasped her hands under her chin.  A look of delight colored her face.  "Truly?  You will come for a visit?  I will send word to Geoffrey tomorrow.  You must accompany me when I return to Fernland."
Electra began to form excuses in her mind, but seeing her mother's happy face, the face that had sorrowed for sixteen years over her missing daughter, she reconsidered.  Her mother had made three visits to Helsop since Electra's engagement.  It seemed that the alliance was now firmly entrenched and certainly it was Electra's turn to visit Fernland.  She stole a glance at Dagon, who looked worried at this turn in the conversation and seemed to be pleading with his eyes that she should refuse to leave Helsop.  Electra gave a little shrug with her shoulders.  What could she do?
"I am quite busy just now resupplying the clinic, but I will try to arrange a visit," Electra said.
"Your father will be so happy," Delphinia said.  "I shall help you with your resupplying so that you will be free to return with me."  Delphinia held her hands over her heart.
Electra wished she had kept a a tighter rein on her tongue.  She decided to leave the subject for now.  Perhaps she would find a reason to delay a visit as the evening wore on.  Dagon seemed to sense her strategy and jumped to another subject.
"Your mother has generously installed her chef at my house and he has prepared supper for us all.  Perhaps we should head that way while a little light remains," he said.
"Such a treat," Electra said.  "I am not properly dressed for a special dinner."  She looked down at her stained tunic.
"I have brought a few new clothes for you, if you would like to change," Delphinia said.  "The trunk is at Dagon's house.  You can change when we get there."
Electra and Dagon exchanged knowing glances.  Delphinia never passed up a chance to outfit her daughter in the manner befitting a princess.  Her obsession with clothes had been bewildering to Electra since they had first met a few months ago.
 When they reached the house, Electra hurried to grab a frock from the trunk and changed behind the curtain that separated Dagon's cot from the entry way.  Delphinia positioned three mismatched wooden chairs around the small plank table.  Dagon added logs to the fire in the small rock fireplace.  The room was warm and cheery when Electra appeared in a blue satin gown that left Dagon staring and Delphinia nodding approval.
"You look beautiful, my dear," Delphinia said.
"Thank you, Mother," Electra said.  She kissed her mother's cheek.  "It is too lovely."
"It suits you," Delphinia said.  "You must pack it to wear when you return with me to Fernland."
Electra sighed, realizing that the supposed visit was becoming ever more entrenched in Delphinia's mind.
They all sat down around the small table while Cristo, the chef, fussed about with undisguised ill temper at having to make do without his accustomed tools.  He had built his own campfire and constructed a wooden overhang to hold the meat.  For baking he had used a pit covered with hot rocks.  None the less the meal was excellent.  Venison roasted on a spit, gravies and vegetables with exotic seasonings.  A smoky loaf of bread with an earthy aroma.
"Cristo, we are in your debt," Dagon said as he patted his stomach.
Cristo may have smiled.  It was hard to tell.  He looked satisfied as he poured a glass of wine for each of them and left the kitchen.
"I cannot tell you how happy I am about your visit," Delphinia said to Electra.  "Dagon, you must come as well."
"Would that I could," Dagon said. "It seems with the building of Helsop's castle, my days are full of meetings with tradesmen and discussions hourly on one thing and another."
Delphinia pursed her lips in irritation.  "I believe you and I are in competition for workers at this point.  Perhaps the building of the castle could be delayed until the completion of Electra's house."
"Yes, admittedly there is some strain over limited resources, but Helsop has suffered so long from lack of a defensive position that I dare not delay its construction, now we have the means to build it."
Delphinia gave a little sniff of disapproval.  "I may have to raise the wages of those building Electra's addition to proceed apace."
Electra knew her mother was already paying the workers on her addition more than Dagon was paying his castle workers.  Worse than that, most of Dagon's money came from a tax on the salaries of Delphinia's workers.
"Everyone has planned and saved over the long winter," Electra said.  “Now spring has come, they are impatient to get on with their castle.  I understand how they feel.  I have had to bide my time, waiting for the snows to melt before I could resume my trips to the forest."
"You go into the forest?" Delphinia asked with an expression of shock.
It seemed that Electra's attempt to appease Delphinia had only succeeded in causing more concern.
"Never alone," Electra said, glancing at Dagon.  "Always with chaperones."
Their conversation was cut short by someone pounding on Dagon's door.
Dagon opened the door to find one of Fernland's Royal Guard standing outside, breathing hard.  He looked tired, but anxious.  He peered around Dagon to find Delphinia in the dim light of the burned down logs.
"I have a message from King Geoffrey for the Queen," he said.
Dagon stepped aside as the soldier entered, made a brief bow and handed the sealed message to Delphinia.
Delphinia read the message quickly.  She turned a little pale and her hand trembled slightly as she faced Electra.
"A contingent of dignitaries is on its way to Fernland from the Kingdom of Barburee," Delphinia said, looking intently at both Dagon and Electra.
She did not need to say more to emphasize the threat this posed to Fernland.  Everyone knew of Barburee's bloodthirsty reputation.
"We must return to Fernland at once," Delphinia continued, rising from the table. "How glad I am that you will be coming with me," she said, taking Electra's hand.

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

Prince Blackwell looked out his castle window at the bustling port district of Henge City.  Beyond the port he watched as a tall two-masted sailing ship tacked starboard, overtaking another vessel to arrive first at the narrow entrance to the harbor.  A ship with a square rigged sail pushed out to sea, its cargo loaded, and its sail unfurled.  Spring always brought heavy shipping traffic as the mariners took advantage of calmer seas.  And more ships meant more port taxes for the royal coffers.
Prince Blackwell's good mood turned cautious as his attention returned to his father, sitting on the other side of his desk. He heard his father's voice change to a wistful tone. 
"Every general waits for spring," his father said.
"Are you being poetic?" Prince Blackwell asked.  War was his father's favorite subject.  Last autumn his father had tricked him and his army into attacking Fernland's army—a battle Prince Blackwell had not intended to fight.  Luckily, Henge's army had prevailed, but he still had not forgiven his father's rash attack.  Just as he had predicted, the whole fiasco had resulted in Helsop's gaining an advantage.  Helsop and its headman, Dagon, were no longer under Prince Blackwell's thumb.  They were now growing wealthy thanks to a new alliance with King Geoffrey of Fernland.  The only good thing that had resulted from the battle was his introduction to Serafina, the lovely sorceress who was now his wife.  His father's voice drew his attention once again.
"It's more a fact than a poem.  If there's fighting to be done, you'd best wait for spring for its doing," his father said.
"Speaking of war, there have been rumors of late," Prince Blackwell said.
His father sat up straighter and thumped his cane on the floor next to his one remaining foot.  "Oh?  What kind of rumors?" he asked.
A page interrupted their conversation by opening the door and stepping quickly inside.  He stood at attention and said loudly, "Her Highness, the Princess Serafina."  He stepped aside and Serafina walked into the room.  She wore a loosely cut emerald green gown that matched the emerald ring Prince Blackwell had given her as a wedding gift.  She seldom wore her dark sorcerer's cape with its wiccan symbols now, unless she wished to intimidate someone.
"My Shining Star!  How good of you to join us," Prince Blackwell said.  He turned to the page and dismissed him with an order to bring tea.
Blackwell's father looked cross-eyed and made a little gagging noise.  "Shining Star?" he echoed.
"If you wish to stay, Father, be pleasant," Prince Blackwell said with a threatening look.
"Fine, fine," his father said.  "Come in and join us."  He waved Serafina in to a chair beside him.  "My son is about to entertain us with the latest rumors circulating about the city."
Serafina adjusted her gown carefully and smiled at Prince Blackwell.  "I see I have come at an opportune time.  Please proceed."
"My officers, of course, encourage the gathering of intelligence among the crews of the various ships.  They provide certain incentives for information that might otherwise be kept confidential—a  coin here, a reduced tax there."
"Are we going to get to a rumor here anytime soon?" his father asked.
"There are certain stories out of Barburee that may bear investigation, not so much for the stories themselves which may be only flights of fancy, but more for the fear and trepidation that accompany their telling."
"Still waiting," his father said.
Prince Blackwell stared irritably at his father, then turned his attention to Serafina.  "It is well that you are here my shining star," he said, "since some of these stories seem rooted in auras of witchcraft, and who better to confirm or deny their authenticity."
His father threw his hands up in exasperation.  "Perhaps you could have me paged when you are ready to reveal a rumor."
Prince Blackwell continued, beginning to relish his father's irritation.  "It may be that we are faced with a new weapon out of Barburee."
"And what would this new weapon be, Milord?" Serafina asked.
"Exploding arrows," Prince Blackwell said.  He looked satisfied with his audience's reaction as the two leaned forward.
"Exploding arrows?" his father asked.  "What does that mean?  If the arrows fall apart along the way, they're not much of a threat."  He laughed derisively.
"They say the arrows have little packages attached, and when they hit their target, they burst into flame and explode, obliterating the thing they hit," Prince Blackwell explained.
"Ridiculous," his father said.  "Or maybe witchcraft."  He glanced at Serafina for an opinion.
Serafina appeared to be deep in thought.  A whisper that sounded like 'yes' escaped from her lips.
"Milord," she said. "There are certain salts found far to the East, in the desert area bounding Barburee, that have explosive properties when mixed with certain other materials.  We in the black arts use them in small quantities.  They would prove dangerous if used in large quantities, but bundled together with arrows...yes, I think it would be possible."
"So they are the result of witchcraft?" Blackwell's father asked.
"No, they could be made by anyone," Serafina said.  One only needs access to large quantities of the salts and knowledge of the proper mixtures.
"And could you make such a mixture?" Prince Blackwell asked.
"Certainly," Serafina said.
The steward arrived with their tea.  He placed it on the desk in front of Prince Blackwell.
"Excellent!" Prince Blackwell said, smiling at the overflowing tray.  "I see the bounty of our newly arrived ships has reached us."
"I have been longing for strawberries," Serafina said.
"You might want to go a little easy there," Blackwell's father said.  "Looks like you're putting on a bit of weight."
"Father, really!" Prince Blackwell said.
"Just a suggestion," his father said, raising his hands in the air in a placating gesture.
"Why not tell him?" Serafina said, looking at Prince Blackwell.
"Very well."  Prince Blackwell stood up and moved to Serafina's side.  "My shining star is with child," he said.
"What?" his father said, laughing and clapping his son on the arm.  "And just when I thought that ship had sailed.  I mean not that you're not a beautiful woman and a needed addition to our family, but I thought you might have gotten a little too long in the tooth, if you catch my meaning.  This is wonderful news.  Just wonderful.  A grandson.  And I'll bet he'll be a proper warrior this time."
Prince Blackwell had listened to his father's speech, alternately outraged and joyous.  His joy quickly won out over his outrage.  "Son or daughter—it will be wonderful to have a new little life in the castle," Prince Blackwell said, beaming at his wife.
"It will," Serafina agreed, with her hand on her abdomen.  She did not add that she had felt two heartbeats this morning, not one.

Chapter 4

Between Helsop and Fernland

Electra awoke suddenly.  Darkness surrounded her.  The royal carriage had stopped moving.  She could hear the men speaking softly as they unhitched the horses.  The carriage shifted to absorb the weight of men climbing up the back.  She heard the men's footsteps overhead and a rustling sound as they laid out blankets on the top of the carriage.  They would sleep for a few hours in shifts while the horses rested and grazed.
Electra and Delphinia had slept on and off in the carriage, sitting or curled up on the cramped benches.  They had driven on through the first night and day.  Electra guessed it was now close to midnight.  She thought about getting out of the carriage to stretch her cramped muscles, but didn't want to waken the exhausted men.  Delphinia moved a little on the bench across from her.
Electra put her hand on her mother's arm to keep her from falling to the floor of the carriage.  Delphinia's eyes flew open.
"Electra, my Dear," she said as she sat up and stretched her neck from side to side.  "Where are we?  Do you know?"
"I do not know.  Still in the forest," Electra whispered. "They are resting the horses.  Some of the men are asleep on the carriage roof,".
"Yes, this is hard on us all.  But it is imperative that we reach Fernland before the Barburee ambassadors arrive," Delphinia said.  "They must have a reception fit for a king."
"I do not understand why you are planning such an elaborate welcome for a group from Barburee.  They are villains at best."
"Oh, Child, you have much to learn in the area of diplomacy." Delphinia patted her daughter's knee.  "Your friends you treat well, but your enemies, better."
"I am an eager pupil."
"There now.  That attitude will serve you well."  Delphinia smiled.  "You will be such a help to me.  Had I known what a jewel you were all these many years you were lost to me, I would have been all the more desolate."
Electra blushed and waved the compliment aside.  "I assure you, I will be of little help when it comes to entertaining."
Delphinia leaned closer to Electra, as if someone might be listening to their conversation.  There seemed little chance of that as the snores of the men overhead carried loudly through the curtained windows of the carriage.  "The people of Barburee are a fierce tribe.  Their leader, the Great Khan, will often send a party of supposed ambassadors to a kingdom he plans to invade.  The ambassadors will offer an alliance that is really an ultimatum in disguise.  If the alliance is not accepted, they come back in hordes to burn and pillage.  If the alliance is accepted, it amounts to the same.  They ride in on their terrible war horses, unopposed and simply take over."
Electra drew in a sharp breath.  "But this is unthinkable—a nightmare."  Electra reached for her mother's hand and held it tightly.  "Are they truly powerful enough to take Fernland?"
"We do not know," Delphinia said.  "We know they have taken some new territories of late, but these lie far to the east.  Your father has never felt the threat close enough to send spies to assess their strength.  Certainly they have never shown an interest in Fernland until now.
Electra was quiet for a few moments, considering what this would mean for both Fernland and Helsop.  "Helsop would certainly join Fernland in repelling any invasion" she said finally.
"Of course they would do what they could," Delphinia said, but it was obvious she did not put much hope in Helsop's fighting ability.
"But tell me what you hope to achieve with the elaborate welcome you are planning."
"Ah, yes.  I plan to treat them as visiting royalty.  We will flatter them, amuse them, ply them with drink and feasting.  Many of their secrets will tumble out."
"Yes, I can see how that might work.  But I imagine others have tried the same.  They may well be immune to such ploys," Electra said.
"Others may have tried, but they have not yet experienced a Fernland welcome," Delphinia said.  "We must invite your friends, the actors, to help us.  They have become quite polished in their efforts since your engagement celebration."
"Are you speaking of Take the Thief and his Harem Dancers?" Electra asked, the surprise evident in her voice.
"Yes.  They are quite in demand of late.  Now they have perfected a magic show that is popular."
Electra could not help smiling as she thought of Take the Thief.  Although she should despise him as the person who kidnapped her from her cradle, she chose to remember him as the author of the daring scheme that had saved her from Prince Blackwell's soldiers.  By pretending to be one of the Great Sheik's harem dancers performing in a play, she had gained entrance to Fernland's castle where she had finally met her true parents, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia.  She had not imagined that Take and his friends would continue to mine their theatrical vein.
"I look forward to seeing that rascal Take again, but somehow I don't see any entertainment capable of dissuading the Barburians."
"Hopefully you will be surprised," Delphinia said.
It was too dark to make out Delphinia's expression, but Electra sensed some doubt in her mother's voice as well.  She leaned against the side of the carriage and closed her eyes, hoping she would not dream of Barburee. 

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Fernland

Take the Thief twisted to and fro, panicked, trying to rid himself of the chains binding him.  He had the hidden key that would unlock the chains but dropped it in his haste to free himself.  He couldn't move.  He tried to call out.  He heard a weak and distant voice.  It sounded very like his own voice.
Take's eyes popped open. Awake now, he noticed his blanket entangled around him, pinning him to his cot.  He lay there for a few minutes, banishing his nightmare, while his breathing returned to normal.  "That trick is definitely out," he murmured to himself, wondering why he had even considered adding the difficult escape from chains to the magic act.  He freed himself from his blanket and dressed quickly.  He wanted to turn his mind away from any lingering bad dreams.  To accomplish that he needed to get out of the dark, lonely shack which had lately become his home.  
Take walked along the empty stalls that lined the castle walls, hoping to find an early morning vendor selling something to eat.  He caught the smell of baking bread and picked up his pace.  At the end of the row he saw a stall with pastries lined up on the counter.  His mouth began to water as he looked around for the stall's proprietor.  It appeared no one was manning the stall.  He seemed to be the only one in the whole market place.  That meant no one was watching him.
"Hello?  Anyone here?" he asked in a voice too soft to travel very far, as he reached for one of the pastries.
"A course there's a one 'ere," came a raspy voice from inside the stall.  "An ya'd best lift that hand if ya mean ta' keep it."
Take jerked his hand away as if it were on fire and peered over the counter.  He saw a thatch of red hair atop a very short man.
"I just wanted to see if they were still warm," Take said.
The little man looked up at him with angry dark eyes.
"Ha!" he said.
"My but you're a little one, aren't you?" Take asked in a friendly tone.
"Little, am I?" the man shouted.  He jumped up on a stool and vaulted over the counter.  He dove at Take, grabbed his shirt and began kicking him in the shins.
"Whoa, there, friend," Take said.  He bent over to put his hand on the little man's head and stepped out of range.
"Say, what's goin' on here?" called a deep voice  from the square.
Take turned to see a huge man with a equally huge bag of flour riding on his shoulder.  The man made a rumbling sound that may have been laughter.  The big man looked down at the little man.
"Bear, I can't leave ya alone a minute without ya's findin' trouble."  He put down his bag of flour and looked at Take.  "What happened here?"
"I just said he was little," Take said.
"Bear ya be little.  Tain't no insult ta' say so."
"Ya think I don't know I'm little?"  Bear renewed his attack on Take's shins and the big man scooped him up and sat him on the counter.
"This 'ere thief tried ta' steal a pastry.  Thought there weren't nobody 'ere ta see 'im take it," Bear said.
"Is that true?" the big man asked, narrowing his eyes.
"Of course not.  I asked 'is anybody here'?  I only touched one to see if it was maybe still warm just out of the oven.  They're best that way," Take said.
The big man smiled as if he agreed about the warmth of pastries.  He turned to Bear.  "There, ya see?  This 'ere's a payin' customer.  We got to be nice to 'im.  What's yer name, friend?"
"I'm ah...called Take."
"Ha!" said Bear.  "Take!  What's that tell ya?"
"Look here, I've got money," Take said, pulling some coins from his pocket.  "I'm part of an acting troop.  An upright citizen.  We put on magic shows."
"Yeah, the disappearing pastry show," Bear said, smiling a little at his joke.
The big man looked relieved to see his friend smiling.  He turned to Take.
"Take, this here's Bear that ya already met an' my name's Smiles."  He put out his hand and shook Take's hand with a strength which almost pulled Take off his feet.  "Me an' Bear 'ere, we done a bit a actin' ourselves, ain't we Bear?" 
"Really?" Take asked, intrigued at the possibilities that presented.  "Have you ever done any magic shows?"
"No, never no magic," Smiles said.  "I played a strong man, liftin' heavy weights an' pullin' wagons an' such like.  An Bear here, he dressed up some in animal suits an' did tricks an' such.  We had us a good group, goin' from town ta town."
"And then you decided to become bakers?" Take asked.  He thought there was probably more to this story.
"We 'ad a spot a trouble, anyways, Bear did, an' he had ta leave, an' the two a us all the time stick together," Smiles said.
Bear looked away and mumbled something.
"What's that you said, Bear?" Take asked.
"Ain't nobody's business what 'appened," Bear said.  "Ya gonna buy a pastry or not?"
"I surely am," Take said.  He put a coin down on the counter.  "What will this buy me?"
"Take yer pick," Smiles said.
Take slipped a hand under one covered in sugar and spices and took a big bite.
"Delicious," he said.  "Bear, you are a prince among bakers."
Bear seemed to thaw a little at the compliment and swung around to drop down to the stool behind the counter.
Smiles picked up a pastry and ate the whole thing in two big bites.
After a few seconds of appreciative eating, Take leaned against the counter and struck a casual pose.
"So what would you both think of doing a little work with my acting troupe in your spare time?" he asked.
Both men perked up and looked at Take with eager faces.
Bear picked up a pastry and handed it to Take.
"Have one on the house," Bear said.
"Have two," Smiles said.
" I believe we have an agreement," Take said, saluting his two new partners with a pastry.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Fernland 

Electra and Delphinia arrived at Fernland's castle on the morning of the day the Barburee contingent was due to arrive.  A welcoming canopy, banners and flags were already in place.  Servants awaiting orders stood anxiously on the castle steps.
Electra looked up at the castle in awe.  It was even bigger than she remembered.  It would dwarf Helsop's new castle, which even in its unfinished state seemed too grand for her taste.  Delphinia was already reaching for the carriage door, too impatient to wait for the footman who was racing down the castle steps.  He reached the carriage just in time and stood, breathing hard, as Delphinia stepped down.
"Are we in time?  Have they arrived?" she asked.
"They have not arrived, Your Highness.  As yet we have had no sighting from the tower."
Fernland's castle sat atop a hill that commanded a view of the whole river valley below.  Any visitors on horseback from the east would be visible as a dust cloud hours before arriving.
Delphinia breathed a sigh of relief.  She turned to Electra and said, "I will leave the banquet menu to you.  There is Cristo."  She pointed to the wagon behind the carriage where Cristo stood, dusting off his clothes with his hands.
Electra nodded.  She had accepted this task reluctantly, at her mother's insistence.  Better this than the entertainment, she thought.
As Delphinia rushed to the steps to begin giving orders, Electra waved to Cristo.
"Your Highness," he said as he walked toward her.
"Queen Delphinia has asked me to see to the banquet menu," Electra said.  "I hope to rely on your suggestions."
Cristo perked up at this news. "Of course, I am at your service," he said, the excitement showing in his eyes.
"Perhaps you could remind me where the kitchen is located," Electra said.
Cristo smiled.  "This way Milady," he said with a grandiose flourish of his hand.
They climbed the wide stairs to the palace entry.  The ornate wooden doors stood open as servants rushed in and out.  To the left stood the carved staircase which led to the royal family's bed chambers.  Her own room was up the stairs and down the left hallway.  Though she had only stayed there two nights in her entire life, she had no doubt it would be as she had left it the autumn before when she first met her parents.  She vaguely recollected the location of the throne room where she had overheard King Geoffrey's conversation with Muller the Spy.  Her musings were interrupted by Cristo's voice.
"This way, Your Highness," he said, veering off to the right.  As they entered the hallway to the kitchen and the servants’ quarters, the decor turned rustic.  The kitchen itself was a bustling place of steam and heat, clanking pots and pans, shouting cooks, butchers, serving girls, dish washers, bakers and various others.  The shouting subsided as Cristo walked in and went mute as Electra followed.
"We will go to my office," Cristo said, leading Electra past the silent staff to a tiny room just off the kitchen.  Two chairs and a small writing desk took up the whole space.
"Please," he said, motioning Electra to the better chair.
"Thank you," she said.  "Have you any ideas?"
Cristo looked at her as if she had just accused him of a crime.
"Of course," he said.
"Umm, perhaps we should decide on a main course," she said.  Her expression showed doubt even at this.
"Only one?"  he asked, startled.
"Perhaps more?" she asked.
"Were we to follow tradition, we would have three: fish, fowl and meat.  But there are no rules, only your commands."
"Best we stay with tradition," Electra said.
"One can hardly go amiss with tradition," Cristo agreed.
"And traditionally, what would precede the main course?"
"We would have the soup, of course, and the vegetables.  We could have the cheese passed in the receiving room, or we could wait until everyone is seated.  Both are workable."
"I see," Electra said, although she did not see at all.  "I believe Queen Delphinia has some entertainment planned, a magic show.  Would that make a difference?"
"Oh, in that case, the dinner will be quite late.  There may not be time for the cheeses to be passed."
"Quite right.  No cheeses then."
"None at all?" Cristo asked.
"Perhaps later?  At the table?" Electra asked, feeling the beginnings of a headache.
"Certainly, later would be possible."
An hour later, with the menu finally in place, Electra made a tentative move to leave, when Cristo said, "Shall I send in the wine steward now?"
"Yes, of course, the wine steward," she said, sitting down.
The wine steward arrived carrying a box of various colored bottles and a tray full of glasses for tasting.
Electra groaned silently and smiled at the wine steward.
"I am afraid I must rely entirely on your expertise for the wine selection", she said.  "I will tell you the courses we have selected and will listen to your recommendations, but I am not schooled in the knowledge of wines."
"I am at your service.  You will do me the honor of a small taste of each to be sure?" he asked.
After another hour of polite discussion over wines, ales and all manner of drinks, Electra made her escape from the kitchen.  She retraced her steps to the main entryway in time to hear the Sergeant at Arms shouting to the busy crowd.
"We have word from the tower.  The Barburians have entered the valley.  Make ready."

Chapter 7

Kingdom of Fernland

Take the Thief led Bear and Smiles to his friends' house.  Tom and Angie lived in a little one room hut made of mud and twigs woven on to a wooden frame, with a roof of thatched straw.  The door to their house was open and Tom sat in the doorway whittling out the holes of a flute.  When he saw Take, he jumped up to welcome him.
"Take!  Now 'ere's a nice surprise.  An' who be these gents with ya'?" Tom asked.
Take looked up at Smiles.  "This big fellow is called Smiles and this lit...ah, I mean this other fellow is called Bear.  They're interested in a spot of acting work, on the side of being in the baking business, that is."  He pointed to Tom and continued.  "Tom and his wife Angie are my partners in the magic show."
Angie, Tom's wife, ran up to the doorway to look over Tom's shoulder.
"Goodness sakes, Take's not jokin'.  Yer a big man fer sure," Angie said, staring at Smiles. "An' look there at yonder cutie Bear.  Come on in, the lot a you.  I've got a stew cookin'."
Bear blushed and bit down a smile at being called a cutie bear.  They all followed Angie into the hut and sat down on stumps of wood around the cook fire.
"Be ya actor folk then?" Angie asked as she dropped more potatoes and carrots into her stew.
Smiles looked at Bear as if he expected him to answer, but Bear was preoccupied with watching Angie.
Smiles said, "Off an on, we was actor folk.  We sorter take work as we find it.  Ain't that the case, Bear?"
"That's the case," Bear said, finding his voice again.
"Ain't that the way with us all," Tom said.  "Why up 'til a year ago, weren't none of us actors.  Not 'til ole Take comes along an' changes everything."  Tom beamed at his friend Take.
Take flicked his wrist to brush away the compliment, then turned his hand palm up toward Smiles and Bear.  "Now Tom," he said, "Looking at these two fine gents, are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
"I'm thinkin' that there's a big fella and there's a little fella."  Tom smiled broadly as he pointed to Smiles and Bear in turn.
Take waited a few seconds and realized that was the extent of Tom's thinking.
"You know that flying trick with the fairies that we've been wanting to try if we had someone strong enough to hold the weight?" Take asked.
"Sure," said Tom, still smiling.
"And that disappearing trick we could do if we had someone small enough to fit in the box?"
"Uh huh," Tom said.  He stopped smiling and slapped his hand on the table.  "An' I'm daft as a moon bat if these two don't fill the bill," he said.
Take held his hands up and smirked.  "There you go," he said.
A commotion at the door drew their attention away from one another.
They all watched as Trixie and Peaches, bursting with excitement, jostled each other, trying to get through the door at the same time.  Angie stood up to welcome her two best friends.  They were the last two members of the acting troupe. 
"My land," Angie said.  "Ain't this a day when all our friends come visitin'?"
"We got news," Trixie said, trying to catch her breath.
"We got important news," Peaches said.
"Grab a stump an have a sit.  We got stew fer the lot a you," Angie said, as she loaded still more carrots and potatoes into the pot.
Peaches and Trixie looked at each other.  "You tell them," Peaches said.
"The Queen wants us to perform tonight for guests at the castle, an' she's givin' us five times our regular rate," Trixie said.
Take the Thief stood up, mouth open, and promptly sat back down, raking his hands through his hair.
"Tonight!" Take said.  "Five times our rate?  Who are we performing for?"
Peaches lowered her voice.  "It's fer them cutthroats from Barburee."
"Barburee!" the others echoed.
"The Queen wants ta make a good impression but no one knows why they've come ta visit," Trixie said.
"We don't have much time to get ready," Take said. "But with Bear and Smiles here, we could make this our best show ever."
He looked at Angie.  "You'd best forget the stew, Love, or bring it along.  We've got to get over to the shed for our props and start rehearsing."
Angie dumped the stew into a bucket and they all headed out the door.

Chapter 8

Kingdom of Fernland

Preparations for the Barburee visitors were still underway when the Barburian ambassadors arrived at the castle's drawbridge that evening.  Fernland's royal family, the royal guard, the chief ministers and the townspeople fortunate enough to be invited, all scurried to take their places in the castle square.  
The royal family sat on a raised platform with their backs to the castle, facing the canopy that would shelter the visitors.  The chief ministers of Fernland sat below and in front of the raised platform holding the royal family.  The royal guards stood to the right and left of the platform in two long rows.  Townspeople lined the square on the left side.  On the right, a high, black three-sided curtain had been erected.  In front of the curtain a grassy area was dotted with props for the magic show.  The props were covered with sheets and blankets which would be removed once the magic show began.
All eyes faced the entrance to the square as the Barburee men rode in on horseback.  The first five men to enter the square wore brightly colored satin tunics with red sashes at the waist.  Their heads were topped with felt cone-shaped hats that came to a point in front.  Each of the hats was densely embroidered and beaded with symbols.  They wore leather boots with upturned toes and had bows and quivers of arrows strapped to their backs.  The next ten men were dressed in dark tunics, but otherwise outfitted as the first five.
Bystanders whispered so excitedly to one another the entire square sounded like a pit of snakes.  They had never seen anyone dressed in such a flamboyant style.  Even the horses of the visitors were foreign and exotic.  They were much shorter legged than Fernland's horses, with large heads and long manes and tails.  Some of the riders' legs came close to touching the ground.  Horses and riders seemed to be of a single piece, so attuned to one another that together they made one whole being.
The five brightly garbed Barburians dismounted and followed soldiers of the royal guard to their assigned places at the front of the canopy.  The ten men in dark clothes cantered to the rear of the canopy where they left their horses to graze on the castle grass. They took their places at the back of the canopy.  The Fernland community expected to see some sort of carriage carrying the most important ambassadors.  They looked in vain, as none appeared.  It seemed the ambassadors had already arrived—on  horseback.
Attention settled on the brightly clothed men.  A Fernland youth, a student of languages, approached the front row of Barburians tentatively.  He tried out the few words he knew in their language and made some notes on a piece of paper.  He then left to confer with Queen Delphinia.  She gave a smile of encouragement and the nervous young man stepped to the edge of the platform and began to speak in a loud voice.
"His Majesty King Geoffrey of Fernland and Her Majesty Queen Delphinia of Fernland greet their visitors from Barburee."  
He then translated this welcome into the Barburee language.  He looked at his notes and proceeded to introduce the dignitaries.
"We welcome the honorable Yeke Unegen, the Great Fox of Barburee."
The eldest of the dignitaries, a thin, white haired man with hard eyes, stood as his name was called.  Enthusiastic applause, led by Queen Delphinia greeted him.
The language student continued.  "We welcome the honorable Bayan Arslan, the rich lion of Barburee."
The 'rich lion' produced a few giggles from the townspeople.  They were quickly silenced with stern looks from the royal guard soldiers, and the giggles replaced with applause.  A slight young Barburee man with dark hair and a tattoo on his neck, stood, nodded once and sat back down.
"Next we welcome the honorable Batu Bataar, Loyal Hero of Barburee." 
A broad-shouldered, muscular young man with quick, dark appraising eyes, stood  slowly and took his time studying the royal family.  The corners of his mouth lifted slightly in what might have been a smile, an expression not unlike that a hungry cat might wear upon encountering a fat mouse.  He dropped back to his seat gracefully, seemingly much at ease.
"We welcome the honorable Cherin Burilgi, The Long Life Destroyer of Barburee."
The applause here was slightly less enthusiastic as a tall, strong man with a military bearing stood, nodded and sat.  His scarred face took in the crowd with an expression of ominous disapproval.
"And finally we welcome the honorable Qoren Qarchi, The Twenty Quiver Bearer of Barburee."
The puzzled crowd looked with skeptical expressions at the young language student as they applauded, wondering if this could possibly be someone's name.  The final dignitary, a round-faced middle aged man, stood and nodded pleasantly at the royal family.
"And now," the young language student continued, "Her Majesty Queen Delphinia will address our visitors concerning the entertainment she has prepared to celebrate this important occasion."
The young student appeared at a loss as to how to translate this last bit of information into the Barburee language.  Several attempts led to surprised and confused looks from the Barburee men.  Finally the honorable Twenty Quiver Bearer stood up and faced the royal family.
"I am know some little of language.  Is better I say in Barburee?"
The language student nodded, relieved.
"You are having some fun for these?" he asked pointing at the Barburee men.
The red-faced student nodded gratefully.
Twenty Quivers addressed his fellow ambassadors in a stern voice and a torrent of gruff words.  The Barburee men applauded and cast curious glances at the black curtained area.
Queen Delphinia stood up, looking quite regal in a gown of heavy red and gold brocade.  She stepped to the front edge of the platform and faced her visitors.
"King Geoffrey and I are so honored by your presence.  You have traveled far to visit Fernland.  We wish to welcome you tonight with feasting and entertainment.  Tomorrow is time enough for any business you may wish to conduct with His Majesty, King Geoffrey.  We will begin the festivities with a show of magic."
As Twenty Quivers translated the Queen's welcoming message to the Barburee men, the torch lights began to dim and all faces turned toward the black curtained area where a lone drumbeat sounded. 

Chapter 9

Kingdom of Fernland

A fairy danced onto the stage from behind the black curtain.  In the dim light she peered curiously at the draped props.  One by one she removed the drapes and clapped her hands as giant wooden toadstools and large candles were revealed.  She twirled to the edge of the curtain and pulled a flute from her waistband.  She blew a few notes on the flute and put one hand to her ear as if listening for a reply.
The crowd broke into applause as other fairies and elves danced on to the stage to the accompaniment of drums, horns and tambourines.  The group danced barefoot among the brightly painted wooden toadstools, sometimes vaulting over the toadstools, sometimes coming to rest on top for brief solos on their instruments.  Then each of the fairies lit a large candle and held it high over her head.  Very slowly, they removed their hands from the candles, which remained floating in air. The audience clapped loudly as the candles rose even higher, lighting the scene from above.
While the elves sat on the toadstools playing their flutes, the three fairies danced slowly around them.  As the fairies moved their arms up and down, their feathered wings began to flap.  Suddenly one of the fairies was airborne, floating gracefully above the elves.  The audience came to their feet, cheering.  The royal guard had to restrain people who came forward, trying for a closer look.
The fairy flew higher and higher, then disappeared against the black curtain.  The remaining fairies and elves circled the stage, looking for the missing fairy.  One of the elves ran to the edge of the stage.  He pushed a large black box stamped with silver designs to the center of the stage.  He opened the top of the box and the fairy who had just disappeared, stood up and waved at the stunned crowd.
The ambassadors from Barburee talked excitedly among themselves and one gestured to a guard, apparently seeking permission to  inspect the box.  A royal guard went to speak to the elf.
"Perhaps later, after the show," the elf whispered, drawing his cloak around him as he turned his attention back to the box.
The elf waved his hand and the fairy climbed back into the box.  The elf replaced the top of the box and tapped three times on the lid.  After a slight rustling within the box, the elf removed the lid and in place of the fairy, a small black bear stood up, surveying the crowd malevolently.
Several children cried out and sought the protection of their mothers' skirts.  The crowd clapped and stomped their feet.  This time the elf replaced the lid on the box and rapped four times on the box. He removed the lid and the fairy popped up.  She jumped from the box and joined the other two fairies in a dance.  The elves joined in the dance and the whole troupe moved in a line as they exited the stage, pushing the box ahead of them.
As the cheering died down, Queen Delphinia stepped forward.
"We are so grateful to our acting troupe for this outstanding performance.  Now I invite all our guests to follow us to the Great Hall for what I believe will be a memorable feast.  And we thank Princess Electra for making this feast possible."
Princess Electra, caught off guard, managed a brief wave to those assembled.  The royal family stepped down from the platform and led the way into the castle.
The men from Barburee were already out of their seats as Twenty Quivers translated the Queen's invitation into their tongue.
Batu Bataar ran to the black curtain, trying to locate the black box and the elf.  Several of the other men followed, lifting the curtain and studying the toadstools.  The acting troupe were no where to be found.  Soldiers of the Royal Guard circled the Barburee men, gesturing toward the departing crowd.  Finally, at the insistence of the Royal Guard and some gruff words from Twenty Quivers, the Barburee men gave up the search and followed the Fernland ministers into the castle.

Chapter 10

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia sat at the head of the long wooden table.  Twenty Quivers, the English speaking Barburian, sat on the King's right.  Avor sat on Queen Delphinia's left and Electra was to sit next to Avor.  Electra left at the urgent request of Chef Cristo.  The wine she had chosen for the fish course had been accidently used as a soup base.  Electra assured Cristo that any wine of the wine steward's choosing would be an acceptable replacement.  She returned to the dining table to find her seat occupied by Batu Bataar, the Loyal Hero of Barburee.  As none of the servants spoke his language, he was left to sit there.  Electra took the seat beside him and was soon joined on the other side by Long Life Destroyer.  She supposed sitting between the two Barburee men would mean a quiet dinner for her and decided things could not have worked out better if she had planned them herself.
The soup course, a beef and barley mixture, worked well.  Although the king was served first and all watched as he spooned a bite into his mouth, the men from Barburee chose to lift their bowls and drink the soup, as must have been their customary  method of dealing with soup.  The Barburee men spoke to one another loudly in their language, and the Fernland ministers were forced to speak more loudly to be heard as a result.  The addition of ale made for a noisy, cheerful gathering.
The fish along with its new wine was served.  Electra thought the oysters and pickled cod on a bed of lettuce looked quite attractive.  Long Life Destroyer took a bite of the oyster, spit it out in his hand and threw it over his shoulder with a loud oath.  Batu Bataar, on her right side laughed at whatever Long Life Destroyer had said.  Soon the pickled cod also took flight.  The wine, he spit out and drowned out the taste with a swig of ale.
A servant rushed to Electra's side.  "Shall I inform Chef Cristo?" he asked.  His face wore an expression of horror.
"No," she said, too quickly and too loudly.  She looked around, but no one seemed to be taking an interest in Long Life Destroyer's behavior.  Other Barburee men were attracting attention with similar rowdy behavior.
"No," she said again more quietly.  "Our visitors are not used to fish.  That is the reason.  The food is very well prepared."  She took a bite of the pickled cod.  "Yes quite good.  Tell Chef Cristo I said the fish is quite good."  She took a quick sip of wine.  "And the wine as well, quite good."
Electra held her breath as the fowl course was served.  How could she have thought that these people might enjoy trying some new foods—foods that were not available to a desert people.  That idea must have been one of the worst ideas she had ever had. Right next to the idea that she could plan a banquet.
The capons arrived and Electra watched Long Life Destroyer carefully as he took his first bite.  He chewed it for a second then cut off another small piece with his knife.  Electra took a deep, relieved breath.  Too soon, as it turned out.  The capon flew off the plate and onto the floor, where servants stood ready with brooms and narrow pieces of wood to sweep it up and carry it away.  Electra rubbed the sides of her forehead with her fingertips and moaned softly.
"You are cooking it, this food?" came a voice on her right.
Electra almost jumped out of her chair.  She looked into the smiling face of Bataar, Loyal Hero of Barburee.
"You speak our language?" she asked with a look of shock.
"Some little.  Queen says you make food for us?"
"No!"  She paused.  "I mean the cooks made the food, but I am afraid I was the one who told them what to cook.  I am very sorry."
"Is...new, as you say."
Electra thanked her lucky stars she had not insulted Long Life Destroyer when she spoke to the servant.
"Yes, of course," Electra said.
Mercifully, the fowl course was swept away to make room for the meat course.  The still hungry Barburians gobbled down the leg of lamb and shoved the vegetables aside to make room for seconds.
"Is good," The Loyal Hero of Barburee said.
Electra smiled, truly grateful for the compliment.  She began to relax at tiny bit.
"Did you enjoy the magic show, Counselor Loyal Hero?" Electra asked.
He stopped eating and laughed.  "Is Bataar," he said.  "What means Electra?  I call you that it means?"
"Oh, I see," Electra said.  "He gave us the meaning of your names, not your titles.  I must apologize again.  We really have no one who speaks your language well to translate for us."
"This magic we see—is from sorcery?" Bataar asked.
"No," Electra said.  "It is only tricks.  But clever ones."
"Clever?"
"Um, good tricks, to make you believe you have seen something that you have not.  Illusions, we call them," she said.
"Illusions?"
"Yes."
"I like meet maker these—these  illusions," he said.
"I know him.  I will introduce you," Electra said.  "How long will you be staying in Fernland?"  Electra tried to keep her voice casual, as though the length of his visit had no special significance to the whole of Fernland.
Bataar looked into her eyes.  He was not fooled by her nonchalance.  "Next day we talk King," he said, as he dug his knife into his second leg of lamb.  "Next day we see." 

Chapter 11

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey sat waiting with Muller the Spy to receive the ambassadors from Barburee.  They had debated the pros and cons of this reception.  Muller believed the King should receive his visitors seated on his throne with a room full of Ministers and Royal Guardsmen.  King Geoffrey was of another mind.
"I need to know which of them is in charge," Geoffrey said.  He sat at a round table off to the side of the elevated throne.  "Let us see who they defer to when given a choice."
Muller arranged six empty chairs around the table where the five ambassadors would sit.  When the Barburee men arrived, Muller invited them to sit where they liked around the table.
Twenty Quivers took the chair on the King's left and Bataar took the chair on his right.  Long Life Destroyer sat next to Bataar and the remaining two ambassadors, next to Long Life Destroyer.  Muller took the vacant seat next to Twenty Quivers.
As soon as everyone was seated, King Geoffrey began the proceedings.  "Welcome all.  I trust you were well cared for by the staff?"
"Most good," said Twenty Quivers, with a slight bow.
"Have you enjoyed your visit thus far?" 
"Most good food and magic," Twenty Quivers said, smiling.
King Geoffrey turned to concentrate on Twenty Quivers.  "In your message, you said you wished to discuss the possibility of an alliance." 
"Yes, is possible," Twenty Quivers said, nodding.
King Geoffrey waited a few seconds, wondering if he should call in the young student of languages.
"You have alliance with Helsop only?" Bataar asked.
Geoffrey turned to his right and studied the young man.  Bataar had dark hair and green eyes.  He had a cat-like grace and quickness about his movements that commanded attention.  He seemed to radiate an inner strength and confidence that was unexpected in one so young.  Geoffrey spoke slowly and clearly.
"It is a loose alliance at best—for purposes of trade."
"Headman Dagon will be son to you?" Bataar asked.
Geoffrey was surprised by the extent of Bataar's knowledge.  He had obviously gathered a lot of intelligence on Fernland.
"My son and heir is Prince Avor.  Whether or not Dagon will marry my daughter is still in question."
Bataar seemed to consider this for a moment.  "No alliance with Henge?" he asked.
"Never!" King Geoffrey's voice mirrored his outrage at the suggestion. "Old King Blackwell's soldiers killed my father.  His son Prince Blackwell is in charge now, but old Blackwell is still alive.  The old king lost a foot during a battle and almost died.  He turned control over to his son too soon, thinking he was about to die.  But the old king loves war and keeps trying to goad  Prince Blackwell into a war with us.  As long as the old king is alive there will be no peace between Fernland and Henge."
Bataar smiled.  His green eyes were fixed on King Geoffrey.  "Your family treat us good.  Magic and food and beds."  He paused a moment, thinking, then seemed to light up with a new idea.  "We give you for thank.  Archery show.  You, we."
Geoffrey stared at Bataar with a puzzled expression.  He turned to Twenty Quivers.
Twenty Quivers made a circular motion with his hand.  "Bataar will do...contest.  Archery contest.  Your men—our men."
"An archery contest?" King Geoffrey asked.  His expression changed from surprise to interest.  "When?"
Bataar smiled.  "Today, we do,"  With this he stood up from his chair and the other four ambassadors quickly stood as well.  Bataar spoke to the others in the Barburee language and they all left the throne room talking loudly with much gesturing.
Geoffrey looked at Muller as the door closed and said, "I certainly did not expect that."  He relaxed back into his chair, reviewing the interview in his mind.
"It is very obvious that Bataar is in charge, young as he is.  He is most likely related to someone high up in the chain of command.  Full of himself and unpredictable.  An archery contest of all things.  What does he hope to achieve with that?" King Geoffrey mused.
"Perhaps he just wants to see how good our archers are?" Muller offered.
"Likely he already knows his are better or he would not suggest a contest.  He probably wants to intimidate us.  I doubt it has anything to do with thanking us."
Muller reviewed the conversation silently. "He seemed happy that we had no alliance with Henge."
"I am sure he knew that before he arrived."
"Do you think he means to attack us all?  Fernland, Helsop and Henge?" Muller asked.
"That seems most likely.  But it would be easier to attack us one at a time.  He is probably pleased to confirm there is not much chance of our banding together against his army."
"Why us?" Muller asked.  There are kingdoms to the east they could overtake.  Many they already have taken.  What do we have that Barburee wants?"
"There is one thing I can think of."  Geoffrey rested his chin on his hand.  "Not us, but Henge."
"What's that?" Muller asked.
"A port. They are a desert people, land locked.  They may want a port city."
"In that case, they may spare Fernland," Muller said.
King Geoffrey shook his head.  "Were I a gambler, I would not wager on it.  Keep a watch on Bataar.  Let me know who he speaks to and what questions he asks."
Muller turned toward the door.
"And send in the Captain of the Guard," Geoffrey added.  "We had best get our archers on the field."

Chapter 12

Kingdom of Fernland

Word of the afternoon's archery contest spread quickly.  The archers told their families and their families told their friends.  By mid-day the archers had assembled on the King's archery field and crowds of Fernlanders lined the long grassy field.  Princess Electra stood in a group that included Prince Avor, his friend Lance and several young archers.
"You should take my place," Lance said to Prince Avor.  "You are as good an archer as I am now."
"I am not even part of the archery unit," Avor replied.  "I am glad they chose you to represent Fernland."
Princess Electra noted her brother Avor had grown both taller and wider through the shoulders since last autumn.  At fifteen he no longer looked like a child.  He was polite, but a little cool toward her on this visit.  Electra could hardly blame him.  The first time she had ever seen her brother was last summer.  He had bravely insisted she was his long lost sister, and Electra had treated him with anger and suspicion. When she had finally agreed to meet her real parents, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia, both she and her brother had been captured on route to Fernland by Dagon of Helsop.  The events following their capture had led finally to an engagement for Electra, but imprisonment and embarrassment for her brother.  Avor had been incensed by Dagon's proposal of marriage to his sister.  She wondered if Avor had forgiven her for agreeing to become engaged to Dagon.  She decided it best not to speak of it and pretend all was well between them.  Perhaps he was not the type to carry a grudge.
Electra moved closer to Avor and his friend, Lance, to join their conversation.  "The Barburee men's command of our language is a little sparse.  I hope an archery contest is what they intended," Electra said with a smile.
"I hope so, too," Lance said.  "They have been cutting branches and whittling off the bark for the last hour.  Maybe they're planning some sort of roasting over a pit instead."
"They have brought their horses.  Maybe hunting is involved," Avor mused.
Lance shook his head.  "We were told to bring our mounts as well.  I believe we may be shooting our arrows from horseback."
Electra and Avor looked at Lance with stunned expressions.
"But how could one aim accurately from horseback?" Electra asked.
Lance shrugged.  "That's the question, isn't it?" 
They watched as the men from Barburee took their whittled sticks and walked to the far end of the archery field.  They buried the wide bottoms of the branches in the ground several yards apart.  The branches stood about five feet tall with the tips whittled down to a narrow width.
Batu Bataar shouted a few commands to the other Barburee men and then separated himself from the group.  He carried a stick with him to the center of the field.
"Fernland archers, come!  I show," he shouted.
Lance and his fellow archers ran onto the field and made a loose grouping around Bataar.
"Now, see game," Bataar announced to Fernland's gathered team.
Bataar stood a few feet from the stick and picked up his bow.  He removed an arrow from the quiver which hung under his left arm.  The arrow had a wide flat blade at the tip.  He fit the arrow into the bow, took careful aim, and let fly.  The blade of the arrow sliced cleanly through the top of the branch while the bottom remained stuck in the ground.  As the tip of the severed branch flew up into the air, Bataar ran forward and grabbed it before it hit the ground.
The crowd applauded loudly as Bataar waved the tip of the branch triumphantly.
"You see how play?" he asked Fernland's archers.
"Yes, yes," they all cried, eager to match their skill against the Barburee visitors.
Barburee show now," Bataar continued.  "Same game, now with horses."
The Barburee men had tied different colored strips of cloth on each of the branches.  They now picked the six men who would be competing for Barburee and gave each a colored strip to match one of those tied on a branch.  Bataar took a blue strip and tied it around his belt.  Long Life Destroyer took a green strip and Rich Lion a red.  Three of the men, who had accompanied the ambassadors as servants, were chosen to take the remaining colors.  These last three suddenly looked more like warriors and less like servants.
The six men whistled shrilly for their horses.  The six horses seemed to recognize their masters' whistles.  Their ears swiveled and they stopped grazing to listen.  All six horses took off at a trot toward their respective riders.  The horses were dun colored, some with faint stripes.  They were a short-legged, stocky breed with large heads and stiff bushy manes.  They seemed unperturbed by the crowds.
The riders grabbed their horses' reins and turned them in the direction of the branch targets far down the field.  They stood waiting beside their horses.  Then, at a shout from Bataar, they all flung themselves into their saddles.  With shouts of 'yaw wee' and 'choo', they screamed their way down the field at full gallop.  The crowds at the edges of the field jumped back in fright as the riders crisscrossed in front of them, charging toward the branch wrapped in each man's matching color.
Bataar held his arrow between his teeth as he charged ahead of the others.  He leaned to the side, gripping his horse with his thighs as he fit his arrow into his bow and let fly, seemingly without aiming.  He shot from fifty feet away.  The arrow sliced cleanly through the branch.  He screamed 'choo, choo' and his horse galloped faster.  Bataar leaned far out to the side of his horse gripping tightly with his legs, and caught the tip of the severed branch just before it hit the ground.

The crowd yelled, screamed, jumped up and down and kept cheering as Rich Lion shot his arrow from about twenty five feet away and caught the tip gracefully in mid air.
Long Life Destroyer looked disgusted when his branch tip did not sever completely and he was forced to strip it from the top of the stick.  The other three riders managed to sever their branches, but only one caught the tip before it reached the ground.
The Barburee riders cantered back to the Fernland archers, who waited, awe-struck, for their turn.  They congratulated the Barburee team while their own branches were prepared.  Bataar took one loop around the field nodding at the cheering crowds and saluting the King and Queen.  He stopped and dismounted in front of Princess Electra and Prince Avor.
Bataar grinned at Princess Electra.  "Is good game?" he asked.
"Unbelievable," Electra said, laughing.  "This is my brother Prince Avor.  He is very keen on archery."
Bataar touched his forehead in greeting.  "You not play game this day?"
Avor seemed in awe of Bataar.  He struggled to find his voice.  "Not today, but I would love to try it.  Could you teach me more about it?"
Bataar seemed to consider it.  "Need be young start for good play.  You ride.  I watch.  Tomorrow.  We see."
The Barburee men prepared for Fernland's archers by pulling out what remained of the old branches and sticking new ones in the ground at the end of the field.  New strips of cloth were wound around the base of the branches and matching colors handed out to the Fernland competitors.  The Fernland team gathered in the middle of the field, leading their horses behind them. The Barburee men laughed and joked as they handed out flat bladed arrows to the Fernland competitors.  The Fernland men couldn't understand what the Barburee men were saying which was likely all to the good.  Lance waved his arrow and blue strip of cloth in Prince Avor's direction.  Prince Avor waved back with a whistle of encouragement.
The Fernland archers mounted their horses and with a shout from Long Life Destroyer, they took off down the field at a gallop.  Things went downhill from there.  One archer ran right into his branch at top speed, knocking it over as he struggled to fit his arrow into his bow.
Lance slowed his horse to take aim and managed to hit his branch, but the tip only bent over and he ended by pulling up the whole branch as he rode by.  Nevertheless he had the best showing for Fernland and the crowd cheered him on.  Avor pumped his fist in the air and yelled his encouragement.  The Fernland archers took a lap around the field as Bataar had done and the crowd yelled "Fernland! Fernland!"
As the formal match drew to a close, many spectators with bows and arrows surged onto the field and the Royal Guard had to push them back to the sidelines to prevent them from accidently shooting one another.  King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia left their platform at the edge of the field to congratulate all the archers and to thank the Barburee men for their performance.  They joined Avor and Electra as the crowd began to disperse.
Prince Avor, his excitement showing, told his father about the possibility of a lesson from Bataar.  He did not notice his father's frown.  Electra did notice and believed she knew at least one reason for the frown.  Fernland was no match for Barburee if it came to war.

Chapter 13

Kingdom of Fernland

Take the Thief led Bear and Smiles to the dilapidated shed he called home.  He stopped at the door to the shed and opened it carefully.  The hinges on the door were badly rusted.  A hard pull would likely jar them loose.
"So this 'ere's yer place?"  Bear asked, looking around the shed that housed Take's cot and most of his magic show equipment.
"Home sweet home.  You're welcome to bunk in here with me, now you're both part of the show.”  He waved his arm to include both Bear and Smiles.
The three looked around the dark interior of the shed.  Streaks of light came through spaces between the boards where the mud calking had fallen out.
"That there's right kind a ya', ain't it Bear?"
"I s'pose we could.  Be convenient, us bein' in the show an' all," Bear said.
"Sure would beat sleepin' on flour sacks in our vendor's stall,"  Smiles added.
Bear glared at Smiles.  "Ain't nobody's bid'niss where we been sleepin'."
Take grinned and took out his money pouch.  "We got our pay for last night's show."  He gave Bear and Smiles each a silver coin.  "I suppose you could use some of that to buy a couple cots.  We could move mine over next to the wall to make room."
Smiles clapped his hands together.  "Say, now, ain't this grand, Bear?  Us livin' like lords now 'ere in this fine shed?" 
"Yeah—grand."  Bear dug the toe of his boot into the dirt floor.
"It's up to you—the offer's there." Take stuck his hand in his pocket.  "Say, I've got a new trick I've been working on, you might like to see."  He pulled two shiny grey stones from his pocket.  "These are special stones that stick together.  You ever heard of magnets?"
"I have." Bear eyes lit up with interest.
Take placed the magnets above and below a cloth.  "Now see what happens if I put one under this piece of cloth and the other on top?  I move the one underneath and the one on top goes along with it, without me holding on.  See?  If you don't see the one underneath, it looks like magic."
Smiles nudged Bear in the shoulder.  "Ain't that something, Bear?"
"Yeah, I can see how we could make that into a good trick."  Bear looked from the top of the cloth to the bottom.  "We could glue a little doll on ta the top one an' make 'er dance like."  He moved the bottom stone around in little circles to make the top stone dance.
Someone knocked at the door of the shed and Take quickly slipped the stones back in his pocket.  He peeked out through a crack in the boards and saw Princess Electra and two of the Barburee visitors standing outside.
"Who is it?" Bear mouthed without making a sound.
"Princess Electra," Take mouthed back.
Take opened the shed door slowly and said, "Why, it's the Princess Electra and two of the ambassadors from Barburee!  What an honor you have bestowed on us with your visit.  May we invite you all in to our humble abode?"
"Thank you," said Princess Electra, "but I neednot stay.  Ambassador Bataar expressed an interest in meeting you.  He was very impressed with your magic show.  And this is Ambassador Twenty Quivers.  Gentlemen, this is the the magician, Take.  I am sorry, I do not know the other two gentlemen."
"Allow me." Take gave a flourish of his hand.  "Princess Electra, Ambassador, these are my associates, Bear and Smiles."
Bear and Smiles made a solemn bow and looked to Take for a clue as to what was happening.
"Now, then, I will be on my way.  A pleasure meeting you." Electra nodded to Bear and Smiles.
"No, no, please stay."  Take looked at the men from Barburee with a nervous expression.  He took Electra's hand and pulled her into the shed.  As they moved away from the door, Take whispered to Electra, "What do they want?  Why are they here?"
"I do not know," Electra whispered back.  "They wanted to know if you were sorcerers."
"What!" Take almost shouted, turning pale.
"Do not worry.  I told Bataar the tricks were illusions.  He still wanted to meet you," Electra whispered.
The two ambassadors were busy investigating the props that were stacked against one wall.  They began conversing in their native tongue.  Bataar spotted the box Take had used to make the fairy disappear.  He began to speak rapidly to Twenty Quivers as he reached to open the box.  Bear looked as though he were about to drag the man away from the box.  Take quickly stepped between Bear and Bataar.
"To what do we owe the honor of your visit?" he asked Bataar.
"This magic box hide?" Bataar asked.
"Bataar have much interest in magic tricks," Twenty Quivers interpreted.
"Of course." Take studied Twenty Quivers with an assessing glance.  "But we in the magic trade must pay for the secrets behind our magic.  Once the secret of an illusion is known by many, the magic is gone.  Who then will pay to see the show?"
Twenty Quivers spoke to Bataar in the Barburee tongue.  Bataar listened and then nodded.  "Money for secrets?" he asked.  He pulled some gold coins from his pocket and tossed them to Take.
"What a day, eh?" Smiles whispered to Bear.
Take pocketed the coins.  "All right then.  Let's put on a little show for these gents.  And Lady,"  he added, remembering Princess Electra.
Princess Electra smiled and found a crate to sit on.
Take pulled out the magic box and showed his audience the hidden compartment.  While Bear put on his animal costume, Take stuffed himself into the top part of the box.  Bear crawled into the bottom and showed how they pulled out the separating piece of wood to exchange places.
Bataar crawled into the box when Take was finished, checking the release mechanisms and the bracing.  Finally satisfied, he pulled out more coins and demanded, "Show candles in air."
While Take held up the black curtain, Smiles showed how he had stood behind the curtain and pulled up the candles and the fairy with ropes made of the same material as the curtain so they did not show.
"Have more tricks?" Bataar asked.
"A few—and some in the works." Take fingered the coins in his pocket,  anticipating the exchange of more gold coins.
Twenty Quivers translated into the Barburee tongue while Bataar seemed to contemplate the answer.
"You three, come Barburee." Grinning, Bataar added, "Much gold."
"Bataar pay much gold if you three come to Barburee for a visit," Twenty Quivers translated, needlessly.
Smiles looked excited.  "These fine gents want ta give us gold ta go ta Barburee."
Take and Bear looked at one another with fear in their eyes.  Take looked at Princess Electra, hoping for some sort of rescue.  She shrugged her shoulders and shook her head with a blank expression.
Take held up one finger.  "Let me just speak to my partners for one minute." 
Take dragged Bear off to the side of the shed.  "What should we say?" Take asked.
"Say no!" Bear growled.  "We got a good thing goin' 'ere in Fernland.  These guys would likely kill us once they're done with us.  We don't need this."
Smiles joined his mates.  "They seem like nice gents.  I don't think they mean us no harm."
"There's no way I'm going to Barburee," Take stuck out his chin.  "I'll find a way to put them off.  I don't want to make them angry though."
Take smiled as he approached the two ambassadors.  "We appreciate your kind offer, but we are the Royal Acting and Magic Troupe.  Our services are to His Majesty King Geoffrey.  We will have to forego a visit to your esteemed country.  We are truly sorry.  Isn't this correct Princess Electra?  You count on our performances when you have important visitors such as these esteemed ambassadors from Barburee?"
Twenty Quivers translated Take's apology to Bataar as Princess Electra nodded her agreement.
Bataar frowned and shook his head.  "I tell King you come."  He turned to leave and Twenty Quivers quickly followed.  
Princess Electra slowed as she passed Take and whispered, “I will do my best, but Bataar is accustomed to having his way."
Take and Bear were left standing in the dark shed wondering how they could extricate themselves from this nightmare.  Smiles was happy as a puppy at the possibility of a new adventure.

Chapter 14

Kingdom of Fernland

The next morning Electra was up early.  She wanted to watch her brother, Avor, on the archery field and she needed to speak with her father.  She had returned late from visiting the magicians last night and had not yet spoken to her father on their behalf.  King Geoffrey would likely be on the archery field to watch Avor receive his promised archery lesson from Bataar.  She wasn't sure what she would say to her father, or even what she should say, but she had promised Take the Thief that she would try to help. 
 Electra walked on to the lush, green archery field, alive with new spring growth.  She saw a young woman in a red dress, waving at her and  running toward her.  Halfway across the field Electra recognized the woman as Angelica, the Traveler girl from Chase Bound who had married Muller the Spy.  Seeing Angelica brought back so many memories of her childhood.  Growing up believing Serafina to be her mother, meeting Avor for the first time, deciding to accompany him to Fernland to see if he was lying about her true identity, things that had happened only a few months ago, but seemed a lifetime ago.  She shook her head to clear her mind, and smiled as Angelica embraced her.
"How have you fared since we last met at your new home?" Electra asked.
"Good enough, though my Muller was in danger of losing his job as Chief Spy when he failed to rescue Avor from Helsop.  I think King Geoffrey has decided to give him another chance."
"I am glad for your sake," Electra said.
"But what of you?" Angelica asked.  "Will you really marry the outlaw Dagon?"
"Is he still called the outlaw Dagon?  Even after the alliance?" Electra asked, trying to avoid answering the question.
"I think he will always be the outlaw Dagon in Muller's eyes," Angelica said.
"Do you ever miss your old life in Chase Bound?" Electra asked.
"Never.  Leaving my drunkard father was my salvation, and I thank Serafina every day for it.  I'm so sorry she died."
Electra flinched at the realization that Angelica, along with Electra's family, still believed Serafina was dead.  She really should have told them the truth by now—that Serafina was very much alive and living in Henge.  She might even be the wife of Henge's ruler, Prince Blackwell, by now.
"Might I trust you with a secret?" Electra asked.  "A secret even from your husband?  At least for a little while?"
"Of course.  Muller has many secrets from me.  He is honor bound to keep the King's business secret, and that is the whole of his working life," Angelica said.
Electra took a deep breath.  "Serafina is still alive."
"In truth?" Angelica asked, shocked.
"In truth."
"But I am sure Muller believes her dead.  Does the King know?"
"He does not, but I intend to tell my whole family soon.  I only want you to keep the secret until I find the right moment to tell them."
"Yes, of course.  But this is wonderful news.  How is she back from the dead?"  Angelica smiled her beautiful smile.
"It is a long story.  I will save it for another time.  I only told you this much because you are one of the few in Fernland who mourned for Serafina."
"I did, and I thank you for telling me.  The news gives me much happiness.  But what of you?  Do you miss Chase Bound?  Would you go back now Serafina is still living?" Angelica asked.
Electra could have told Angelica that Serafina was no longer living in Chase Bound but that would only invite more questions.  She decided to answer the question as asked.
"I do miss it sometimes.  Or perhaps I only miss the freedom from responsibilities that I had while living there."
"I've envied you the luxuries that go with being Princess," Angelica said, lowering her eyes.
"Even the luxuries sometimes seem more annoyances than benefits," Electra said.  "But all in all I do feel very blessed."
"Then, you do love Dagon?" Angelica's dark eyes twinkled mischievously.
"Perhaps, if love is admiration and respect."
"Um..." Angelica hesitated, then said, "Look, Bataar is starting a run."  She seemed relieved by this change of subject.  Evidently she did not equate love with admiration and respect.
Electra and Angelica watched as Bataar jumped on his horse with loud cries of "Choo, Choo."  He stood high in his stirrups and shot an arrow straight over his horse's head at full gallop.  He reined in close to the fallen arrow and called a man over to place a target there. He rode back and spoke to Prince Avor, gesturing with hands and feet.  Then he made the same run again, this time sending his arrow to the center of the target.  He then turned his attention to Prince Avor.  
Bataar watched closely as Prince Avor mounted his horse and rode slowly in a circle around him.  At Bataar's command,  Avor stood up in his stirrups as he completed another circle.  Bataar turned his head from side to side, moving closer to catch every detail of Avor's form, then seemingly satisfied, he motioned for Avor to go faster.  Avor did a passable job of keeping his balance.  Bataar handed Avor a bow and arrow and Avor completed one more circle, standing in his stirrups while holding the bow and arrow at the ready.
Bataar called Twenty Quivers over and the two of them spoke to Prince Avor for a few more minutes in broken English.  When they had no more to say, Prince Avor started his first run.  He shouted out "choo, choo," as he galloped down the field.  He managed to shoot an arrow that flew high over the target Bataar had set out.  Bataar seemed unconcerned about this and he promptly jumped on his horse and raced down to where Avor's arrow had landed.  He called out for someone to move the target to the spot where Avor's arrow had hit the ground.
More gesturing and posturing from Bataar followed, and Prince Avor was ready for his second run.  He duplicated his first attempt as closely as he was able and this time the arrow actually hit the edge of the target.  Prince Avor, Bataar and the whole crowd whooped and cheered.  Prince Avor was flushed with excitement as he returned from his second run.
Electra, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia all ran to congratulate Avor.  Prince Avor caught his breath as he chattered excitedly about his success.
"The trick is that you do not aim the arrow.  You just use the same motions over and over and you know if you do it the same way, the arrow will go the same place.  Imagine—at full gallop—you do not even aim."
King Geoffrey beamed at his son, shaking his hand and pounding him on the shoulder.  Avor looked ready to weep with pride.  Geoffrey turned to Bataar.
"Counselor Bataar—we are in your debt."
"No debt," he said, smiling.  "Say magicians go Barburee."
King Geoffrey looked confused.  He waited until Twenty Quivers joined the group and asked.
"What is this about magicians going to Barburee?"
Twenty Quivers nodded.  "Bataar wants magicians from Queen's entertainment  go with me back to Barburee.  Show magic there.  They say they belong to King.  Can not leave."
King Geoffrey squinted at Bataar, then spoke to Electra.
"Could you extend an invitation to your friend, the thief, to visit with me in the throne room this afternoon?"
"Yes, of course," Electra said.
After Bataar and Twenty Quivers moved on, Princess Electra spoke quietly to her father.
"May I have a word with you?" she asked.
"Certainly," King Geoffrey said, moving with her a little away from the group congratulating Avor.  "I regret we have had so little time together thus far.  I truly appreciate your coming to Fernland just now.  I know you have been a great help to your mother."
"I am sure my only help has been to relieve the anxiety she feels when I am out of her sight," Electra said with a smile.
"That is in itself a great help.  It calms my own anxiety as well."  King Geoffrey  returned his daughter's smile.
"I wished to speak on the magicians' behalf," Electra said.
The King's smile vanished.  "Do you know what that is all about?"
"Bataar insists that Take and his two assistants go back to Barburee to show those in his homeland their magic tricks. He has offered to pay them, but they are afraid of Bataar and do not  want to go.  They groped about for an excuse that would satisfy Bataar and came up with their service to the Crown for purposes of entertainment.  Take the Thief said you needed them too much to allow them to go."
"Everyone fears the men from Barburee.  Why should he be exempt?  He should not have involved me.  Now that he has, I will have to act in Fernland's interest—which may not coincide with the thief's interest.
"He may have good reason to fear Bataar," Electra said, making a final appeal.
"We all may have," King Geoffrey said.  "But this invitation to bring magicians to Barburee..."  King Geoffrey paused to consider it.  "This may be an opportunity for us to learn more about Barburee's plans with regard to Fernland.  Thank you for bringing it to my attention while I still have time to consider the ramifications."
Electra could see she was not aiding Take, and may have done the opposite.  She decided it was time to leave.
"I will go to notify Take and his friends of the meeting."  She turned away quickly, before she might say something to make things worse.

Chapter 15

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra, Delphinia and Avor sat in the  private dining room, encircled by heavy gold brocaded drapes, waiting for King Geoffrey to join them.
"You seem upset, Dear," Delphinia said to Electra.
Electra stopped twirling the empty water glass in her fingers.  "It is nothing really, I just regret my part in introducing Take to Bataar.  I never guessed he would try to force Take to go to Barburee."
"Take should welcome the opportunity," Avor said.  "He will be well paid and he will be able  to see a new land, a land of expert horse men.  Would that I could go in his place."
"Avor!"  Delphinia stared at her son in alarm.
"I know, Mother." He raised his hands in a gesture of surrender.  "I would not endanger Fernland in such a way again.  Please calm yourself."
All at the table knew that Avor was referring to the time, last autumn, when he had disguised himself as a soldier and secretly joined Fernland's army in its march to attack Helsop only to be captured and held by Dagon to insure the alliance between Fernland and Helsop.  But no one wanted to revisit that subject.
"Why would Bataar go to such trouble to bring magicians to his country?  They are novices at best, more like actors playing at magic," Electra mused out loud.
"He seemed quite impressed with the entertainment.  Probably they have nothing like it in Barburee,"  Delphinia said.
"He asked me if there were sorcery involved in the magic show.  Evidently, they have sorcerers," Electra said.  "But he is obviously a warrior.  What has he to do with entertainment or magic?"
"I maintain that entertainment has more importance than many believe," Delphinia persisted.
"I thought their meeting would be over by now," Avor said.  "I am sure Father cares little whether Take goes or not.  If he had his way," he paused, glancing at Electra and lowering his voice, "Take would likely be back in the dungeon."
Delphinia frowned at Avor.  "Take has become your sister's friend, and an asset to Fernland.  In truth, I, too, will miss him and his friends if they leave to go to Barburee.  Their performance was outstanding."
A page stepped into the room to announce the King's arrival.  He quickly stepped aside as Geoffrey entered the room.
"You should have started without me," Geoffrey stated, noticing that no one was eating.  Geoffrey sat in his place at the head of the table and continued.  "I spoke to Bataar after my meeting with Take and his two assistants.  It is arranged to everyone's satisfaction."
Delphinia signaled to the page that lunch could now be served.  "We are all anxious to hear the details, Dear."
King Geoffrey smiled malevolently.  "That rascal Take had the effrontery to use me as an excuse not to accept Bataar's offer to visit Barburee.  Actually, it worked out to my advantage as I have now added Muller the Spy and that young language student to the excursion."
"Hilgard?" Avor asked.
"Who?" King Geoffrey said.
"Hilgard is the name of the student who translated the night of the magic show," Avor said.
"Oh.  Yes, I am sending him along.  He may be able to pick up some intelligence, not that he was all that impressive in his translations."
"Did Bataar say why he wanted the magicians to go to Barburee?"  Electra asked.
"No, at least not as far as I know.  It is often difficult to take his meaning.  Why?"
"It just seems odd,"  Electra said.
"When will they be leaving?" Delphinia asked.
"As far as I was able to make out, Twenty Quivers and Great Fox, the two older ambassadors, plan to leave tomorrow with Muller and the others.  It wasn't clear what the rest of the Barburee contingent plan to do," Geoffrey said.
"Do you think Bataar might stay for awhile?" Avor asked, the excitement showing in his bearing.
"I do not know, and that worries me.  Bataar's a cagey one and he is obviously the one in charge.  He feigns ignorance of the language when it suits him, especially when he does not wish to answer a question.  I told him he is welcome to stay as long as he wants, but he just shrugged his shoulders.  That could mean he did not understand or he did not know how long he would be staying.  What it most likely means is that he does not want to tell me his plans."
"I hope he will stay," Avor said.  "I would welcome another archery lesson."
King Geoffrey looked sternly at his son.  "Do not delude yourself Avor.  Bataar is not our friend."

That evening the Fernland Acting Troupe met at the home of Tom and Angie for a farewell party.  Peaches and Trixie joined Take, Bear and Smiles around the cooking fire.  Angie shook her head sadly.
"An' King Geoffrey really said ya could go ta Barburee or back ta yon dungeon, take yer choice?" she asked.
"I'd like ta know what you done ta make yer king hate ya so much," Bear said, glaring at Take.
"It was a misunderstanding," Take said, wondering how he could change the subject.
"Yeh, must'a been quite a misunderstanding," Bear said.
Tom was bursting to tell the story of how Take had stolen the infant Electra on Serafina's orders but a look from Take silenced him.
"I'll bet it's cuz our king's scared silly over that Barburee bunch," Trixie said.  "He'd likely do whatever they wanted him to."
"He'd be a fool if he weren't scared silly," Take said.  "I've heard some stories about Barburee."
"But what could they be wantin' with a bunch a actors?" Tom asked.
"I've racked my brain and I still can't figure it out," Take said.
"I think they was just taken with our magic show.  Like they never seen nothin' like it.  Probably want ta show us off, like," Smiles said.
"I don't feel right, stayin' behind," Tom said.  "Mates should stick together."
"Don't feel that way," Take said.  "You've got Angie and  Trixie and Peaches to take care of while we're gone.  Just be glad you weren't there at the shed the night Bataar came calling."
"Me an the girls'll keep yer bakery stall goin' while yer gone if you want," Angie said to Smiles and Bear.
"How 'bout that?  Ain't that grand, Bear?" Smiles said.
"Yeh, grand.  Take my advice and stick ta baking cuz this here magic work is likely ta get ya kidnapped," Bear said.
"That Bataar, he promised ya gold.  Could be you'll come back rich," Tom said.
"Let's keep that thought," Take said.  "Otherwise this won't be much of a party."
They all laughed at that and Angie began passing out glasses of mead.

Chapter 16

Kingdom of Fernland

At daybreak, a few small groups of people huddled together, stamping their feet and pulling their cloaks around them to ward off the morning's chill.  King Geoffrey and several of Fernland's officials were on hand to bid goodbye to those departing for Barburee.  The caravan included Take the Thief, Bear, Smiles, Muller the Spy, Hilgard the language student, several of the warrior-servants from Barburee and the two elder ambassadors, Rich Lion and Twenty Quivers.
Members of the acting troupe had come to see their friends off and Angelica was there to wish her husband, Muller, a safe journey.  Hilgard, the language student, was attempting to comfort his weeping mother while his father and brothers stood by.  Bataar and the remainder of the Barburee men were in a group, bunched around Twenty Quivers.  The group opened up when King Geoffrey approached with his ministers.
"We hope you have enjoyed your visit to Fernland," Geoffrey said to Twenty Quivers.  "Give our regards to the Great Khan."
"We bring army back soon if Great Khan agree," Twenty Quivers said with a smile and a slight bow.
"What?"  King Geoffrey's brow broke out in beads of perspiration.
"Bataar say we come, help Fernland take Henge," Twenty Quivers said.
King Geoffrey looked at Bataar.  Bataar nodded.  He smiled.  "Tell Father come, take Henge for friend," he said.
"Why not talk about this?" King Geoffrey said.  "That may not be the best idea.  We have not yet drawn up an alliance."
"Friend not need alliance," Bataar said.  "Make war on enemy of friend."
"It is our custom to negotiate these things," King Geoffrey said.  He mopped his forehead with the sleeve of his jacket.  His brain seemed to have shut down.  He could not think of any good arguments.  "Let me consult with..."  He looked around at Fernland's ministers who all appeared as stunned as himself.  "Muller," he said finally,  gesturing with his hand to his chief spy.
Muller quickly jumped down from his horse and ran to join the King.
"We think it is not the right time to summon the Great Khan's army to come to Fernland and attempt to conquer Henge.  Do you not agree?" King Geoffrey asked, pleading for help with his eyes.
It took Muller a few seconds to digest this bit of news.  He promptly put on a grave face.  "Quite right, it would certainly not be the right time."
"Why not?" Bataar asked.
Bataar looked at Geoffrey, waiting for a reply.
King Geoffrey dried his brow with his other sleeve.
Muller decided he must try something to help his king, who was beginning to turn pale.  "Because of Helsop?" Muller ventured.  His eyes looked uncertainly at Geoffrey.
"Exactly!" King Geoffrey said with great relief.  "We have to work things out with Helsop.  We may not go ahead with that alliance."  King Geoffrey was warming to this line of reasoning.  "Helsop lies between Fernland and Henge.  A crucial consideration.  There is the engagement to consider."  He stopped here to see if Bataar was impressed with any of these arguments.
"Engagement?  Ah, Electra, King's daughter,"  Bataar said, as if he could see that this presented a problem.  "Maybe Dagon dies.  No more problem."
King Geoffrey considered the advantages of this suggestion for a second before realizing that his problems were only becoming more insurmountable.  Now he must keep Bataar from killing Dagon if he did not want to alienate his daughter.  Delphinia would never  forgive him if he did anything to cause a rift with their newly found daughter.  Then something that Bataar had said finally registered in his overworked brain.
"The Great Khan is your father?"
Bataar bowed slightly.  "It is so."
"I had no idea." King Geoffrey said.  "Perhaps we could tell your father it would be best to wait before sending the army.  Give us a chance to clear up this Helsop matter and write up a proper alliance.  Or perhaps we might just stay friends for awhile and keep an eye on Henge."
"Great Khan—he make decide when come," Bataar said with a slight edge to his voice.  "No write up—we make alliance marriage maybe."
King Geoffrey looked at Twenty Quivers for clarification.
"Great Khan never make written alliances," Twenty Quivers said.  "Sometimes marry to make alliance—same you with Helsop."  He spoke to Bataar in the Barburee tongue for a few minutes.  He looked surprised as he turned to King Geoffrey.  "Bataar say he take Electra for second wife if you want alliance.  Make Helsop headman... ah, disappear."  He swiped his two hands together like a magician making a coin disappear.
King Geoffrey took the arm of the finance minister to steady himself, and looked at Muller.  Muller's eyes were big and frightened.  His mouth opened, but no sound came out.  King Geoffrey felt weak in the knees.  He let go of the minister's arm to wipe his sweat-drenched face and fell to the ground in a faint.  His ministers clustered around him and,  finding a pulse, quickly carried him back to the castle.

Chapter 17

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey's eyes fluttered open and he jerked upright in his bed.
"What happened?" he asked.
"You may have lost consciousness, Your Majesty," his physician said.  "Perhaps you should lie back down."
King Geoffrey ignored his physician's suggestion and looked around his room.  Queen Delphinia, Prince Avor and Princess Electra looked back anxiously.  Muller the Spy stood in the doorway, unsure whether he should stay or leave.
"Muller, you're still here," Geoffrey said.  "Have the others left?"
"I've asked them to wait until we know that you are recovered, but I don't think I can delay them much longer," he said.
"Come closer, all of you.  Physician, you may leave.  I am fine now."
The physician packed his collection of knives and vials into his bag and left reluctantly, with many backward glances.
"We have a crisis before us," King Geoffrey said.  His family and Muller moved closer to his bed.
"I have learned that Bataar is the son of the Great Khan.  This fact lends authority to his words, though he is careful to emphasize that all decisions rest with his father.  Bataar is sending word through Twenty Quivers to his father to bring his army here and from here, to march on Henge."
Delphinia drew her breath in sharply and her hand flew to her throat.
"There is more, I fear."  He paused and bit his bottom lip.  "I tried to stall such a catastrophe by claiming we still had matters to settle with Helsop.  I said that the alliance was unstable.  That Helsop lay between Fernland and Henge.  I... only hoped to forestall the sending of his army, but Bataar chooses to remedy this problem by disposing of Dagon and taking Electra as his wife."
"His wife?" Electra shouted.  "Surely you told him this is not possible!"
"I... cannot seem to remember what I told him."  Geoffrey looked up to see Muller inching toward the door.  "Where are you sneaking off to Muller?" the King asked.
"Nowhere, nowhere, that is, unless you wish to speak to your family in private," Muller said. 
"If I wish you to leave, I will tell you so," Geoffrey growled.  "What did I tell Bataar?"
"I believe at that point you fell unconscious," Muller said.  He wanted to avoid the word fainted at all costs, as fainting spells were assumed to smack of femininity.  "Bataar likely assumes he has provided for all your concerns."
"We must warn Dagon," Electra said, moving toward the door.
"Will you please stop trying to leave, all of you, until I have decided on a plan," Geoffrey said, irritation flooding his voice.  "Dagon is not in danger yet." 
King Geoffrey got out of bed, brushing away Delphinia's attempt to slow him down.  He went to stand by the window where he could see the caravan still milling around beside the castle.
"First we must find a way to stop the army's advance on Fernland," he said.
"Would it be such a bad thing to have Bataar's help in conquering Henge?" Avor asked cautiously.
"My son, I meant it when I said Bataar is not our friend.  It is one thing for Fernland to take Henge and quite another for the Great Khan's army to take Henge.  Surely you see the difference.  Fernland would be the Great Khan's puppet."
"Of course." Avor blushed and turned away.
"Why would Bataar want to marry me?" Electra asked.
"It is a common way to strengthen alliances.  Certainly Dagon made use of it to garner his alliance with Fernland." Geoffrey looked sternly at Electra.
"We will not allow such a marriage," Delphinia said.  "Barburee is too far away."
Electra turned to her mother with a shocked expression.  "I would never consider marrying Bataar, no matter where he lived."
"Of course not, Dear," Delphinia said, patting her hand.
"He is already married anyway," Muller added.
"What?" Electra demanded
King Geoffrey scowled at Muller and Muller looked at his feet.
"Evidently it is common to have more than one wife in Barburee," King Geoffrey said so softly, his family had to move closer to hear it.
"This is outrageous." Electra flung her arms in the air.  "He never mentioned anything about marriage or an alliance to me.  Are customs so different in Barburee?  And killing Dagon?  Who are these people?"  Electra took a deep breath and tried to compose herself.
"We need a plan," Geoffrey said, resting his chin on his fingertips.  "But we need to tread lightly.  We cannot risk offending Bataar if he truly has an army at his beck and call."
Everyone was quiet for a few minutes as they considered King Geoffrey's words.
"I have a plan." Electra paced as she spoke.
"You have a plan?" King Geoffrey asked, turning his attention from Muller to his daughter.
"Not a perfect plan, but one that might delay the army."  Electra looked into her father's eyes.
"We haven't much time.  Tell me the gist of your plan."
"I could pretend to be honored by his proposal and tell him we should first go to Henge before summoning his army.  I could tell him there is a powerful sorceress in charge of the army in Henge.  He seems much in awe of magic and sorcery."
"Thank you for your effort."  Geoffrey looked at Electra as though she were wasting his time.  "But I do not believe such a fantasy would suffice."
King Geoffrey snapped his fingers as though he had just had a sudden inspiration.  "Perhaps I could feign a serious illness," Geoffrey said.  "With no clear leader in Fernland, he would have no sure ally."  He looked at Prince Avor and realized that with the king incapacitated and his son in charge, Bataar would do as he liked.  He looked quickly away, but Avor had noticed.
Electra interrupted her father.  "There is something I have not yet told you."
King Geoffrey was now clearly irritated.  "What?'" he asked.
"Serafina is still alive, and likely the wife of Prince Blackwell by now."
A shocked silence fell over the small group.
"Is this a trick?  Or payment for some wrong you imagine we have done you?" King Geoffrey demanded.
Princess Electra stiffened at the accusation.  "I would have told you earlier, but it seemed everyone was made content by believing her dead.  I believed her dead myself until she arrived in Helsop in time to turn the tide for Dagon with aid from Blackwell."
"But..."  Queen Delphinia seemed unable to wrap her mind around this new development.
"Keeping a secret like that is tantamount to treason." Prince Avor's voice was cold and unforgiving.  "That woman is evil."
Electra stared at her brother and saw clearly the animosity she had suspected he still harbored.  She decided a counter attack would be the best strategy.  
"Keeping such a secret would be treasonous only if it harmed Fernland or  Fernland's royal family.  My intention was the opposite—to spare you grief.  I played no part in what Serafina chose to do.  Though she tried to persuade me that she kidnapped me to save me from an evil father, I still came here against her wishes to find out if Prince Avor's version of the story was the true one.  For some reason Serafina carries a hatred of King Geoffrey sufficient to drive her into the enemy's camp."
Electra could see that this accusation had hit home.  Her mother, father and brother all knew that Serafina's behavior had its roots in King Geoffrey's rejection of Serafina after their engagement had been announced and celebrated by the whole of Fernland.  The three of them seemed properly chastened.  They said nothing in their defence.
"But that is all in the past.  I tell you she still lives now because I think it may be the pivotal point in my plan.  The fact is she still considers me to be her daughter."
Delphinia frowned, but she did not lift her head to meet Electra's eyes.
"I could go to Henge without fear of capture." Electra did not meet her mother's eyes.
"Have you been visiting back and forth?" Delphinia asked.
"No." Electra lifted her chin.  "I have not seen her since she left for Henge after the defeat of Fernland's army."
This was not true.  She had seen Serafina the day of her engagement party, but since Serafina was disguised as an old woman, perhaps she could be thought of as someone other than Serafina.
This news seemed to lift Delphinia's spirits.  "And now you know your brother spoke the truth."
"Yes.  But I believe I am still in a position to unite Henge with Fernland against Barburee, should it come to that.  My best hope is that Bataar may be sufficiently deterred by the idea of fighting a sorceress to recommend that his father change his plan to take Henge.
"I doubt a woman, even a sorceress, could deter the Great Khan," King Geoffrey said.
"She has continued her study of the black arts to this day," Electra continued.  "I believe she might put on a demonstration that would deter one prone to superstition."
Prince Avor quenched a shudder with a defiant face.
"I do not want you asking favors of Serafina," Delphinia said.
"Nor do I," Avor said.
"It is hardly a favor if it is in Henge's best interest," Electra insisted.
A page stepped into the room to announce the Captain of the Guard.
"Your Majesty," the Captain said, bowing.
"What is it?" Geoffrey demanded.
"The Barburee contingent is leaving, Your Highness.  They wish to express their thanks for your hospitality and their wishes for your good health."
The King turned to Delphinia, shaking his head.  "I have little hope for this plan's success.  It is dangerous and it involves Serafina—something I would normally avoid at all costs.  Yet if it results in delaying the arrival of the Great Khan's army..."
Delphinia stared at her family, twisting a handkerchief in her hands.  "So be it," she said, softly.
"Go quickly, Electra," Geoffrey looked down at the departing caravan.  "Say anything you think will delay the army coming, but try not to promise more than is necessary to accomplish that.  We will fill in the remainder of the plan later."
Electra rushed to the door.
"And Electra," the King called out.
Electra paused and looked back.
King Geoffrey looked as though he wanted to go with her, then slumped back on the bed.  "Just..., be careful."

Chapter 18

Kingdom of Fernland

When Electra reached Bataar, he was handing a message to Twenty Quivers.  Twenty Quivers folded the message without reading it and and placed it in a pouch on his horse's saddle.  
"Father good?" Bataar asked.
"Yes, he is fine now.  I would like to speak to you."  Electra turned to Twenty Quivers and said, "Could you delay one more minute before you begin your long journey?  I need to have a word with Bataar."
Twenty Quivers bowed graciously.
Electra took Bataar's hand and walked a few steps away with him.  "Father has told me of your proposal.  I am very surprised and honored.  Your present wife must be a kind and generous woman."
Bataar seemed interested in her comments.  "Wife good girl.  You like."
"I am sure I will.  Since we are now to be married, I feel I should tell you of a threat we seldom acknowledge here in Fernland."
"Threat?  What mean word?" 
"Threat?  It means a danger, something to fear," Electra said.
Bataar nodded.  "Tell threat."
"A powerful sorceress is now Queen of Henge.  She is said to be in control of the army.  I believe we should go to Henge to find out the strength of her sorcery before bringing your army here."
"Great Khan's army," Bataar clarified.  "You want go Henge?  See sorceress?"
"I think you should not call for the army until we do."
Bataar thought about what Electra had said for a moment.  "Tell Twenty Quivers."
They turned back to where Twenty Quivers waited by his horse.
 Electra explained the same threat to Twenty Quivers and decided to add a few more details.
"I have seen her bend men's minds to do her bidding.  I saw her escape restraints.  She brought Henge's army to Helsop's aid against Prince Blackwell's wishes.  She is much feared by those who know her."
 Twenty Quivers spoke to Bataar in the Barburee language for several minutes.  Bataar shrugged his shoulders and Twenty Quivers pulled out a quill and ink  from his saddle pouch. He sat down on a fallen tree to write a message.  He read the message to Bataar who nodded and said a few more words.  Electra had no idea what they were saying to one another.  Twenty Quivers pulled out the first message from his saddle pouch and tore it up, letting the pieces fall to the ground.  He replaced it with the new message.  He then mounted his horse and yelled a command to the other Barburee men.
Bataar waved as the caravan headed for Barburee.
"You go see sorceress?" Bataar asked.
"Yes, I will go with you," Electra said.
"She try kill you?"  
"No, she is an ally to Helsop.  She helped defeat Fernland's army." Electra decided this put her too firmly in Serafina's camp.  "Of course this was before the alliance between Helsop and Fernland," she added.
"Ally to Dagon," Bataar said.
"Yes," Electra said, wondering where this complex trail of events would lead in Bataar's thinking.  "But she is also a friend to me."
"Why friend to you?" Bataar asked.
Electra felt she was walking into a maze.  She could think of no reason why Serafina would be her friend other than the truth.  And the truth was that Serafina had been her mother for sixteen years.
"I do not know," she said.
"We go Henge, see sorceress." Bataar whistled for his horse.  "Leave now?"
"I will just go and tell Father." Electra ran off before Bataar could suggest they go together to see her father.
Running up the stairs to her parents’ bed chamber, Electra passed Muller on his way down.
"Good luck.  I believe I have managed to delay the army," she said, as Muller ran to catch up to the departing caravan.
"Good work." He bounded down the stairs three at a time.
She opened the door to the royal bed chamber and found her family huddled around the window, watching as the caravan began its long trek to the east.
"I believe I was able to persuade him," Electra said to the leaning backs of her family.
They all jumped at the sound of her voice and turned around quickly.
"Bataar has called off the army?' Geoffrey asked.
"He has agreed to go with me to Henge to see the sorceress.  Twenty Quivers tore up the first message and wrote another after speaking to Bataar about Henge and its sorceress queen.  That bodes well, I believe."
"But he did not say words to that effect.  Nothing about specifically calling off the army?" Geoffrey asked.
"No.  He is a man of few words.  At least when it comes to speaking in our tongue."
"And... what did you have to promise to secure this reprieve?" Gregory asked.
"I told him I was honored by his proposal of marriage.  I told him I would introduce him to the sorceress.  I told him this would be safe as she was an ally of Helsop.  I told him she was very powerful and hinted that it might be a mistake to go against her."
"I do not like the idea of your going to Henge," Geoffrey said.
"Surely he could go alone,"  Delphinia said.  "Prince Blackwell would not be foolish enough to harm an ambassador from Barburee."
"Were he to go without me, Serafina would likely treat him with respect, as an ambassador to Henge.  I was rather hoping to convince her a display of her witchcraft might be more to Henge's advantage in the long term."
"We could send a note to Serafina written by you," Geoffrey said to Electra.  "If a messenger left now he could reach Henge before Bataar and his men."
"I have told Bataar I would accompany him. Even now, he likely grows restless, awaiting my return to begin the journey."  Electra spread her open palms in a gesture of inevitability.  She could not change plans now.  It would look suspicious.
"Perhaps you have caught King Geoffrey's illness and are unable to go," Delphinia's handkerchief was twisted to tatters.
"In the few minutes I have been gone?" Electra asked.
"This is dreadful."  Delphinia seemed near tears.  "I see nothing to protect you from Prince Blackwell should he decide to take you prisoner."
"I am only now bethroved to Bataar.  It would be an affront to Barburee if Blackwell took me prisoner."
"That is so" King Geoffrey said.  "I had not considered that."
"I must get a message to Dagon.  A warning at the very least."  Electra moved to the door.  "And I must join Bataar.  There is no other course."
"While you write the message I will call for a messenger," Geoffrey said.
"And I will ready the royal carriage," Delphinia said.  "If you must go, you will travel as a princess of Fernland.  But I assure you I will have no rest until you are safely back in Fernland."
Electra decided this was not a good time to remind her mother that her home was now in Helsop.  She rushed out to pack what she would need for the journey, composing her note to Dagon in her mind.

Chapter 19

Village of Helsop

Dagon left the soldiers' mess tent at dusk and found himself walking toward the clinic.  He stopped, realizing he had been on his way to visit Electra.  It had become a habit over the winter for him to stop by the clinic to talk to her and share the day's events.  Sometimes he would bring a plate of food from the mess tent to share with her.  It startled him to realize how accustomed he had become to this evening ritual.  And if he were to be completely honest, he would have to admit that he missed not only the evening ritual—he missed Electra.
At first Electra had seemed a child to him.  When Deimos had suggested Dagon propose marriage, it appeared a far-fetched solution to Helsop's desperate situation.  But he determined to give it a try—what did he have to lose?  When Electra had accepted his proposal and followed that with a plan to secure an alliance with Fernland, he could hardly believe it.  That the plan had actually worked was tantamount to a miracle.  All of Helsop was ecstatic and just as Dagon had hoped, his village was finally beginning to prosper.  They all owed Electra a great debt of gratitude.
But these new feelings were of a more personal nature.  He missed her, not just for Helsop's sake, but for his own sake.  How did one court a young woman who prized independence above all else?  He might very well drive her away if he pressed a case for  marriage.  She seemed content to stay engaged indefinitely.  He kicked a rock aside with the toe of his boot.  There must be a key to Electra's heart, and if he was patient, he would find it, he decided.  As he turned down the row of huts to his own house, he noticed the candle still burning beside the blacksmith's forge.
"Dorian," he called out as he walked past the forge into the shed beside it.  "How goes the sword making?"
"Come, sit." Dorian waved him into the shed.  He sat cross-legged on the dirt floor, drinking a cup of tea.  "It has been a long day.  I can't keep up with my orders."
Dagon sat down on the dirt across from him and Dorian called out to his son to bring another cup of tea.  Tandor stepped out of the shadows into the candlelight with a steaming cup which he handed to Dagon.
"What news have you from Fernland?" Dorian asked.
"None, directly," Dagon said.  "I have heard from traders that Electra arrived there safely, in time to help her mother greet the Barburee ambassadors.  There was some talk of a magic show and a spectacular archery demonstration."
Dorian grunted.  "Nothing good comes out of Barburee."
"Do you expect Electra back soon?" Tandor asked.
Tandor had been assigned the job of keeping Electra safe during her many forays into the forest in search of medicinal herbs.  He had not as yet succeeded in his attempts to follow her undetected, but had set it as a challenge he was anxious to master.
"I do not know what to expect," Dagon replied.  "This is the first time Queen Delphinia has been successful in luring her back for a visit." 
Dorian raised his eyebrows as he sipped his tea.  "Do you think she might extend her stay?"
Dagon knew all of Helsop feared an end to their new wave of prosperity should anything disrupt the trade alliance with King Geoffrey, who had agreed to it only for the sake of his captured son, Avor.  Dagon answered carefully.
"Electra is quite devoted to her work in the clinic.  I believe she will return as soon as she is able."
Dagon could see that Dorian was not convinced there was no cause for worry, and was grateful when Dorian chose not to pursue the matter.
"What do you make of this visit to Fernland from Barburee?" Dorian asked.
"If they follow their usual pattern, it means they are sizing up Fernland's defenses in preparation for an attack." Dagon stated what was obvious to all.
"Fernland's a far piece from Barburee," Dorian mused.
"There is that," Dagon agreed.
"Does our alliance with Fernland say we'll fight with them if they are attacked?" Tandor asked.
Both men looked at the youth, surprised he did not see what was obvious to them.  Dagon answered the question.
"No, but we might as well, as we would be next in line."
Dorian lit a new candle in the flickering flame of the burned out one before him and snugged it into the melted wax.  "Perhaps I should refuse any more orders for swords until we have stockpiled a few for Helsop."
"That may not be a bad idea."
A moving shadow outside the shed drew their attention.  Deimos, Dagon's friend and Helsop's second in command, stepped into the dim circle of candlelight and saluted.
"Sorry to interrupt."  He waved the men who followed him into the shed.  Two of Helsop's militia pushed their bound captives in front of them to stand in the light.  The captives looked foreign in their dress and their bearing.  They wore dark tunics, cone-shaped hats and boots that curved at the toes.
"These two were taken entering your house at dusk" Deimos reported.  "They tell us nothing, but they speak to one another in a language foreign to us.  We found these hidden in their waistbands."  Deimos held up two long curved knives, each sharpened to a fine edge.
Dagon and Dorian stood up to inspect the weapons.  Dorian took a craftsman's interest in the well-made knives, turning them one way and another, testing the sharpness of the blade, the strength of the metal, the balance and weight.
"Blades out of Barburee, I'd venture."
Dagon took a quick look at the knives and turned his attention to the captives.  His countenance took on a dangerous expression.  "Entering at dusk with hidden knives?  This appears to be something other than a social visit."

Chapter 20

Village of Helsop

Dagon walked closer to the captives.  They were short but muscular with square faces and high, prominent cheek bones.  Their hair and eyes were dark.  Both were dressed in thick dark robes, trimmed with fur.  The robes were belted with wide strips of red satin around the waist.  Their hats were woven in tight fitting yarns that came to a high point and dipped forward at the top.  Their boots were lined with fur.  Both men spoke easily to one another in their own language as Dagon studied them.
"Who are you?" Dagon asked.
Neither man looked at him.
Dagon looked away from them and stood a little to one side.
"Barburee?" he said, turning.
He caught the fleeting recognition of the word in their eyes before they looked away.
Dagon, his hand cupping his chin, turned to Deimos.  "They were going into my living quarters?"
"Yes.  A child playing at hiding from his friend saw them earlier standing in reeds near the river and told his father.  By the time we arrived at the spot it was dark and they were gone.  We caught them by chance as we passed your house.  They were crawling through a back window.  We have men searching for their horses.  They must have ridden in on horseback."
"Put them in the stockade and keep a close watch.  Increase our patrols.  Find out if any of the traders passing through have even a slight knowledge of the Barburee language.  Then report back to me.  I will be at my living quarters.  Dagon turned to Dorian and Tandor shaking his head.
"Could they be spies?" Dorian asked.
"I do not think spies would take such a risk.  They would more likely stay outside the village, noting the positions of our sentries and armaments."
"Assassins then?"
"More likely."
"I suppose it makes sense to take out the headman of our militia," Dorian said.
"Something about this business is odd," Dagon said.  "I have no reputation as a great general, nor does Helsop have a reputation as a military powerhouse.  Quite the opposite, I fear.  Indeed, it would make more sense for them to kidnap you.  At least you have a reputation as a master sword maker."
Dorian looked surprised and a bit worried by Dagon's words.  He managed a smile.
"Perhaps if I concentrate on swords for Helsop, my reputation will fade in the minds of would-be abductors."
Dagon returned his smile. "No chance of that.  Your swords have long since spread their own tales your worth."
Tandor stepped forward.  "Shall I report for duty?"
Dagon considered for a moment.  "Yes.  Follow Deimos and request an assignment."  
The two men left Dorian stirring the embers in the forge as they left in opposite directions.
Dagon circled his small house before going inside.  They had forced the shutter open, probably with one of their knives.  It was too dark to make out their footprints.  As he entered the house by the front door he could see nothing out of place.  He pulled back the curtain and found his cot as he had left it.  There was nothing of value in the house.  Even the trunk full of clothes had accompanied Electra when she left for Fernland.
  The only conclusion that fit the facts was that the men were there to capture or kill him.  They no doubt planned to wait inside and overpower him as he walked through the door.  But how had they known which house was his?  They may have had his description. No, they did not even need that.  They would know he was the headman since he was the one who manned the militia command post.  They could have watched at midday as he walked from the command post to his house to drop off the seedlings his sister, Isa, had brought to him.  Somehow they knew they had the right house.  Even in Barburee, he was certain no one entered through a back window just to talk, especially when they did not speak the language.
Dagon sat on a chair next to the small table where he, Electra and Queen Delphinia had eaten a cozy supper only days before.  They had been sitting here when news of the Barburee ambassadors reached them.  And now, assassins from Barburee appeared in Helsop.  He should have received some word from Electra by now.  It seemed the answers to his questions all lay in Fernland.
His thoughts were disrupted by the sounds of galloping horses.  Horses coming from two directions.  Was Helsop under attack?  He grabbed his sword and flung open the door.  A cloud of dust and shouting men swirled around him.  When the dust cloud settled he could make out the red and gold uniform of King Geoffrey's royal guard atop a heaving, mud-spattered black stallion.  The soldier wearing Fernland's uniform reined in his horse and held his hands away from his sword.
Four soldiers from Helsop's militia surrounded the man with their swords drawn.
"I am a messenger from King Geoffrey.  I was allowed through by guards on the road.  My message is urgent," the surprised royal guardsman shouted.
"We have had some trouble here tonight," Dagon said.  "Remove your message carefully and hand it to me."
The guardsman did as he was told, keeping one hand in the air as he removed the message from his tunic with the other hand.
Dagon broke the wax seal and opened the letter.  He moved under the lantern on the porch and lit it to provide enough light to read.

Dagon of Helsop,
Your life may be in danger.  The situation here is complicated.  We are trying to prevent  Barburee's army from camping on our doorstep.  Stay hidden until the situation becomes clear.  We will tell you more when we know if our efforts bear fruit.
King Geoffrey

"A little late with your warning," Dagon muttered to himself.  He spoke to his militia men.  "Thank you for your quick response here.  It pays to be careful.  You may take this messenger to the post and give him food and blankets.  Find Deimos and ask him to come here."  To the guardsman he said, "Get some rest.  I will decide on the morrow if a reply to King Geoffrey will be necessary."
Dagon sat down on his porch and looked at the bright stars overhead.  Picking out the constellation of Orion, he murmured, "If the answers to my questions lie in Fernland, I'd best hie myself there."

Chapter 21

Village of Helsop

Dagon was packing his saddlebag when Deimos arrived.  He tossed King Geoffrey's message to his old friend who snagged it from the air with one hand.  Deimos read the message and looked up.
"Are you packing to go into hiding?"
"I thought I might hide out at Geoffrey's castle," Dagon said.
Deimos smiled.  "I will go with you."
"I had hoped to leave you in charge here," Dagon said.  "I do not know what I will find when I get there or how long I will be gone.  One thing we now know for certain—our two housebreakers are assassins.  Just who sent them, and why, is still not clear.  Did you find anyone who speaks the Barburee tongue?"
"One of the traders knows a few words, just enough to barter with them.  He spoke to our two prisoners but they didn't really seem to understand him.  They said something that sounded to him like a proverb.  A dead man needs neither horse nor wife."
"A dead man needs neither horse nor wife," Dagon repeated.  He thought about this for a second and shook his head.  "A dead man needs nothing.  Sounds like assassin humor.  I need to get to Fernland and find out what Geoffrey has got up to this time.  And when I return, I plan to bring Electra with me."
"I will go with you.  Leave someone else in charge." 
"All right, Deimos.  You choose someone to be in charge and pack what you will need.  Tell Geoffrey's messenger there will be no reply.  We'll leave as soon as you are ready."  He clapped Deimos on the shoulder.  "I will be glad for your company."

As Dagon and Deimos reached the high point that marked the edge of Helsop's plateau, a new day dawned, lighting up the road that curved down through the dense forests of Fernland below.  Far off they could see a tiny carriage sitting in the road next to a grassy creek side.  Several figures moved about, breaking camp.
"Isn't that King Geoffrey's carriage?" Deimos asked. 
"It is.  Perhaps Electra has saved us a long journey."
"Can you make out any of the riders?"
"They are too far away.  But...something is odd about those horses."
"Short legs, tall manes," Deimos said.  "Tandor found two similar horses upstream from the village.  I suspect they belong to the Barburee assassins."
"What would Barburee horses be doing alongside the King's carriage?" Dagon asked.
"Mayhap they've come to finish the job," Deimos said.
"With the carriage?  Could the King be coming with them?  Maybe he thinks I am dead," Dagon said.
"There aren't many of them.  One is a woman." Deimos shielded his eyes from the rising sun.
"That must be Electra.  Who else would the King Geoffrey send off in his carriage?"
"I think the driver is wearing a red and gold uniform," Deimos said, leaning forward in his saddle.
"That makes sense.  I doubt King Geoffrey would allow any one other than a royal guardsman to drive the royal carriage."
"What do you suppose it all means?"
Dagon thought about this question for a few seconds before answering.
"It either means King Geoffrey is no longer in charge of Fernland, or he is still in charge and he has sanctioned this visit."
"Then they could be Barburee ambassadors come to extend their alliance to Helsop?" Deimos asked.
"I would have assumed that, had their assassins not preceded them.  Under the circumstances, I believe we will err on the side of caution and take the whole lot prisoner."
Deimos smiled.  "That would be my choice as well.  I'll call up the militia.  Where shall we set up our ambush?"
"I think a quarter mile into the forest.  We will have enough cover there to take them by surprise.  I do not want to risk Electra getting killed in a crossfire of arrows."
"Good.  We probably have less than an hour before they reach the edge of the forest."
"You ride for Helsop," Dagon said.  "I will go down to begin setting the trap.  And bring our two prisoners along as well.  The ambassadors' reaction to seeing their assassins bound and gagged may tell us something."
Dagon and Deimos rode in opposite directions at full speed.

Chapter 22

In the Forest of Fernland 

Dagon slowed his horse as he entered the forest, checking both sides of the road for a young tree with thick branches.  He found a few that could be cut down easily with his sword but kept riding until he reached a densely treed area.  This would give his men the coverage they needed to take the group by surprise.  He dismounted and got to work at once.
As he hacked at a young pine tree with his sword, Dagon was glad Dorian the sword maker was not here to scold him.  Dorian would never approve of Dagon using his sword to cut down a tree but there was no time to ride back to Helsop for an axe.
The tree fell across the narrow road and Dagon cut more pine branches to cover the cut.  A cut tree would put the Barburee men on guard.  As he finished his camouflage, he could hear horses coming from the north.
Deimos, followed by ten militia members and the two Barburee prisoners, reined in at the fallen tree.  Dagon called to them from the forest.
"What do you think?"
"This should work," Deimos said, looking at the carefully camouflaged tree.
The twelve men led their horses and the two prisoners off the road and into the bushes where they were completely hidden.
"I believe two at least will dismount to move the tree," Dagon said.  "That should leave only three who might try to run.  If they do run, they will run for Fernland.  So we will put six men behind on horseback and five in front of foot.  I will run for the carriage and either pull Electra out or down to the carriage floor if arrows begin to fly.  I do not think we need to worry about the driver.  He is a royal guardsman and he will stay with the carriage and Electra.  We'll tie and gag the prisoners until we see just what we are dealing with."
The men took their places and saw a cloud of dust rising above the trees about fifteen minutes later.  The little caravan was moving at a leisurely pace.  It was several more minutes before they arrived at the fallen tree.  As Dagon had predicted, the two horsemen in front of the carriage both dismounted with shouts to their companions.  As they began to pull the tree to the side of the road, Deimos and four other soldiers stepped out from the forest, swords drawn, and surrounded the men.
The three men behind the carriage immediately grabbed for their bows, but before they could fit arrows into the bows, the Helsop militia surrounded them with their swords pointing at their chests.
The royal guard driver stood up and shouted.
"What do you think you are doing?  We're here on the King's business.  We're on our way to Henge."
Electra opened the door to her carriage and Dagon promptly slammed it shut.
"Will you not be stopping in Helsop to return the Princess Electra?" Dagon asked.
The driver recognized Dagon and seemed a little unsure of what to say.
"I'm sure the Princess can answer for herself," the driver said.
"Is that true?" Dagon asked, looking into the carriage at Electra.  "Are you with these Barburee men of your own free will?"
"Yes, of course," Electra said.
She put her finger to her lips so only Dagon could see and continued in a loud voice.
"We are on our way to Henge.  We will not be stopping in Helsop."
Dagon lifted his head in a signal to Deimos.  Deimos walked behind a thicket and pulled the two prisoners out to the road.
The Barburee men stiffened at the sight of the two assassins, but said nothing.  One of the Barburee men shot a glance full of hate at Dagon.
"I am afraid you will be stopping at Helsop after all," Dagon said.  "Tie their hands and tie one horse to another in a line.  We will give our guests a chance to explain the meaning of these two housebreakers at the command center."

Electra put her hand to her forehead and grimaced but she knew it would be useless to try to persuade Dagon to allow them through until all his questions had been answered.  The sight of the two Barburee men in chains sent a chill down her spine.  Had Bataar actually tried to have Dagon killed?  She would know soon enough, but already she saw her plan to save Fernland beginning to crumble.

Chapter 23

Village of Helsop

The Helsop militia along with its seven prisoners reached Helsop at midday.  It had been an eventful morning.  Curious villagers lined the path to the command center, talking with excited faces among themselves.  Some of the bolder villagers shouted out questions as the militia passed by.  But their questions went unanswered.
Dagon slowed his horse at the command center and waited for Deimos, who was bringing up the rear.  "Put the five ambassadors in my house," Dagon said.  "Take their weapons and tell them they will not be allowed to leave.  Give them food, water and anything else they need and place guards around the house.  Tell them I will speak with them later.  Keep the two assassins in the stockade and make sure they are not allowed to speak to their Barburee countrymen."
Deimos saluted and rode forward to begin issuing commands.
Dagon rode back to the carriage, dismounted and opened the door for Electra to step out.
"Where would you like to talk?" he asked.
Electra felt weary, but still hoped some part of her plan could be salvaged.  "At the clinic?"  She hoped going to the place where they had come to exchange news on a daily basis would help to dispel some of Dagon's anger.  Also, she wanted to check on any patients that might have come there in her absence.
"Shall I bring lunch?" Dagon asked.
"That would be lovely," Electra said, with what she hoped was a gracious smile.

When they had both settled down over a plate of food from the soldiers' mess tent, Electra took a deep breath.  Dagon seemed willing to wait until she was ready to speak.  She admired his patience since she knew he had a wealth of questions.
"Did you receive my message?" she began.
"No," Dagon said.
"What?" Electra seemed genuinely surprised.
"I received a warning from King Geoffrey.  One that came too late."
"But...he must have substituted my message for one of his own.  What did he say in his message?"
Dagon removed Geoffrey's message from the pocket of his tunic and handed it to Electra.  She read it quickly.

Dagon of Helsop,
Your life may be in danger.  The situation here is complicated.  We are trying to prevent Barburee’s army from camping on our doorstep.  Stay hidden until the situation becomes clear.  We will tell you more when we know if our efforts bear fruit.
King Geoffrey

"This is all true, but my message was longer.  It explained everything that I was trying to accomplish.  I do not know why he would have substituted his own."
"Perhaps he did not wish to give too much away in case the messenger was captured," Dagon said graciously.
"Perhaps.  You say the message arrived too late?"  Electra held her breath, afraid to hear someone had been killed.
"The message arrived just after Deimos and his men apprehended our two prisoners attempting to break into my living quarters at dusk yesterday.  They both carried knives concealed in their robes."
Electra turned quite pale.  "And you were there?  Inside?"
"No, I had stopped to visit Dorian the sword maker."
Electra put her hand to her throat.  "I am so sorry.  I did not really think he would try such a thing."
Dagon leaned closer but his eyes narrowed in suspicion. "Who?"
"Bataar.  He is son of the Great Khan of Barburee.  He offered to marry me to seal an alliance between Barburee and Fernland.  I told him I was betrothed to another and thought that would be the end of it.  But he said something about getting rid of you—his command of the language is poor—it was enough to worry me."
Dagon sat back, unclenching his hands and laying them flat on the table between them.  "And King Geoffrey was not involved?"
Electra looked at him, surprised.  "No, of course not.  He is beside himself for want of a strategy to stay clear of any alliance with Barburee. He says he would only become the Great Khan's puppet were such an alliance to come to fruition.  He is walking a tightrope, trying to appease Bataar so that Fernland will not be attacked and trying to find a way out of any alliance."
"Why would Bataar seek an alliance with Fernland?"
"He says he will help Fernland take Henge because he is Fernland's friend and Fernland's enemies are now his enemies.  Why he really wants to take Henge, we do not know.  My father believes they may want to add a port city to their list of conquests."
"I see.  Did you agree to marry him?"
Electra hesitated and knew at once that Dagon guessed the reason for her hesitation.  "I pretended to be flattered by his proposal for Father's sake.  It was part of a larger plan."  She blushed and looked at Dagon.  "I am to have the honor of being his second wife."
Dagon managed a small upturn of his mouth.  "I can see how flattered you must have been.  So this feigned flattery was part of a larger plan?"
Electra's face brightened.  She was eager to tell him of her plan.  Perhaps all was not lost.  She placed her elbows on the table and moved closer.  "Take the Thief and his acting troupe put on a magic show to entertain the visitors.  The Barburee men were very impressed.  They had never seen anything like it.  They insisted on visiting Take and learning his secrets. They even talked King Geoffrey into allowing the magicians to return to Barburee with half the ambassadors."
Dagon looked thoroughly confused.  "King Geoffrey sent Take to Barburee?"
"Yes, poor Take and his two new assistants.  They tried to find excuses not to go, but Bataar was most insistent."
"This is all very interesting but are you saying this was part of your plan?"
"No, of course not. I was sorry for involving Take.  I tried to talk Father out of it, but he would not listen.  I believe he still holds Take responsible for my kidnapping."
Dagon looked even more confused.  He tilted his head to one side as he looked into Electra's face and waited.
"So then I knew where his weakness lay,"  Electra said with satisfaction.
"Whose weakness?"  Dagon asked.
"Bataar's, of course."  She looked at Dagon with bewildered eyes, wondering why he was not following her train of thought.
"Of course," Dagon said, throwing his hands in the air.  "But just to be sure we are both thinking along the same lines, why not tell me more about Bataar's weakness."
Electra pursed her lips, realizing Dagon was making fun of her.  "He is afraid of magic—sorcery—all manner of witchcraft.  He paid Take in gold to learn his secrets."
"Yes...all right...I can see that," Dagon said as he pondered her words.  "So based on this fear, you devised your plan."
"Exactly.  I told him that since we were to be married I thought I should tell him a secret that was seldom spoken of."  Her face lit up in anticipation of Dagon's guessing what this secret might be.
"I give up," he said too quickly.
Electra was disappointed that Dagon refused to play along, but continued nonetheless.  "That a powerful sorceress rules Henge and its army.  That before he advised his father to bring Barburee's army to Fernland to ready for an attack on Henge, he should go with me to Henge, see the sorceress for himself, and then decide whether or not to attack them."  Electra ended her speech with anticipation, searching Dagon's face for some sign of agreement.  Instead she saw an angry flush creeping up his cheeks.
"And King Geoffrey agreed to this?" he said too loudly.
"What choice did he have?" Electra shouted in her own defense.  "And it worked! As I watched, Bataar's messenger tore up the note calling for the army to come.  Bataar dictated a new note.  I believe it called for a delay based on what I had told him."
Dagon put his hands on his head and leaned back.
"A dead man needs neither horse nor wife," he muttered.
"What?" Electra asked.
"It is evidently a proverb out of Barburee," Dagon said, "and sometimes a prophecy as well."  He stood up.  "Let me think on all this.  I will go hear what our guests have to say and then we will speak more of your plan."
He managed a smile and caressed the side of Electra's cheek with his hand.  "It is so good to have you safely home in Helsop."

Chapter 24

Village of Helsop

Dagon sat at the militia's command center waiting for his guards to bring Bataar in for questioning.  He considered what he might ask the son of the Great Khan that would not end in raining havoc down on Helsop.  He had already dismissed Electra's plan as too dangerous, but realized his own words could be equally as dangerous.  Helsop was too small to even consider standing up to the Great Khan's army.
A guard entered the command post.  "We have brought Ambassador Bataar of Barburee," he said.  Dagon had ordered his men to treat the five newly captured men with respect even though he was quite sure they were responsible for the attempt on his life.
Bataar walked through the door and slouched down on the empty chair before being invited to sit down.
"Ambassador Bataar," Dagon said, in what he considered a stern, yet affable manner.
"You Headman Dagon?" Bataar asked.
"Yes, I am," Dagon answered.
Bataar gave him a scowl before he turned his attention to the ceiling.
"The two prisoners in our stockade were caught while breaking into my house.  They were carrying hidden knives at the time they were captured.  I believe they are your men?"
"Scouts." Bataar said.
"Scouts?  What were they looking for?"
Bataar shrugged.  "Scouts go, look."
"They were not sent to kill me?"
Bataar smiled his sly smile and shrugged again.
"I understand you wish to marry Electra," Dagon said.
Bataar shrugged again.  "Make alliance to King Geoffrey."
"Electra is free to marry whoever she wants," Dagon said.
Bataar looked surprised.  "You no want for wife?"
"Yes I do.  Very much.  But Electra is a friend to Helsop.  She works in our clinic as a healer.  She helped convince her father to enter into a trade alliance with Helsop.  We are all very grateful to her.  If she wishes to marry someone else, I would not stand in her way."
Bataar looked interested.  "King Geoffrey make decide?"
"I believe even King Geoffrey would allow Electra to make her own decisions, though he may try to persuade her to his way of thinking."  Dagon leaned back in his chair, watching Bataar.
Bataar mulled over this bit of information.  "We go Henge.  See sorceress."
"No." Dagon brought his chair upright.
"No?  Why no?"
"For the time being Electra is engaged to me and I must watch out for her safety.  I believe it is too dangerous for her to go to Henge.  Prince Blackwell has tried to kidnap her and hold her for ransom in the past."
Bataar leaned closer and sat up a little straighter.  "Henge is enemy to Helsop?"
"Helsop is a small village, as you can see.  We lay between Fernland and Henge.  In the past we were friends with Henge, but they forced us to trade only with them and paid too little for our tools.  We went hungry.  Now we are allied with Fernland and we are able to trade freely.  We have money for food.  However...," Dagon paused and looked into Bataar's eyes.  "We try not to provoke Henge to war with us."
Bataar nodded.  "You know sorceress?"
"Yes.  She is quite powerful."
"She commands army?"
Dagon paused when he heard footsteps outside the command center.  He looked annoyed and stood up to see who was interrupting this important meeting.  He opened the door and saw Electra with her hand raised, ready to knock on the door.
"I will be right back," Dagon said over his shoulder as he pushed through the door and closed it behind him before Bataar had a chance to see who was there.
"What is it?" he whispered, guiding Electra away from the door.  "I have Bataar in there."
"I have thought of a solution," she said.
"A solution to what?"
"To our problem."
He waved his hand impatiently, urging her to continue.
Electra suppressed her annoyance with his impatience and continued.  "If you will not allow me to accompany the ambassadors to Henge, why not ask Serafina to come here?  We cannot allow them to go to Henge without me.  Were that to happen, they would end up speaking to Prince Blackwell and surmise that he was in control—not Serafina.  Bataar would see that Henge City was a port worth attacking and summon his army without delay.  We would soon all be Barburee's puppets."
Dagon saw the logic in her words and could find no flaw in her reasoning.  "Do you think she would come?  Would Blackwell allow her to come?"
"I believe she would come as a favor to me.  I am sure she still considers herself my mother.  As to your second question, I can not believe she would have changed so much in such a short time as to have become one who takes orders from another."
Dagon smiled, unable himself to imagine Serafina taking orders from Prince Blackwell.  "We have nothing to lose by trying.  Not that I enjoy having the son of the Great Khan as my guest."  He paused to think it through again and nodded.  "I will stop by later and tell you if Bataar agrees to it."
Dagon opened the door to the command post just enough to slip back through and took his seat across from Bataar.
"As I was saying," he said, "we could invite the sorceress here and you could judge her powers for yourself."
"You friend to sorceress?"
"No, I fear her as everyone does.  But she did help Helsop prevail against Fernland by bringing her army here to our defense.  I believe she would like to have Helsop back under Henge's control.  Even though we are a small and insignificant village, we are good tool makers, so she would probably come for a visit if we invited her.  You and your fellow ambassadors would be welcome to stay until she arrives."
Bataar stroked his chin with his thumb.  "We stay.  See sorceress."
"Fine.  I will send a message to her at once."  Dagon stood up and went to the door where he summoned a guard to escort Bataar back to his house.
As soon as Bataar was out of sight, Dagon scooped up his quill and ink and ran to find Electra.

Chapter 25

In the Desert on the way to Barburee

Take shaded his eyes with his hand and looked out over the bleak landscape they traveled.  Their path was a faint track in the pebble strewn desert.  No tree or bush interrupted his view.  In every direction there was only the parched brown desert floor and the vast blue cloudless sky overhead.  For days they had plodded through this high cold desert, always on the look out for the next little oasis.  Once they happened on one, they would water their horses and camels, put up their tents and spend another cold night on bumpy ground.
Take decided to give his horse a rest and relieve his aching muscles at the same time.  He dismounted and led his horse behind him.  The caravan moved ahead of him, but only slightly, as they kept to a slow pace.  Take grimaced when he saw Smiles and Bear dismount alongside him.  He did not know how much more of Bear's badgering he could stand.
"Enjoying yer trip thru lovely Barburee, are ye?" Bear asked.  "Stoppin' ta see the sights?"
Take didn't answer.  He knew any answer would only bring more abuse from his unhappy companion.
"Look there yonder," Smiles said, looking back in the direction from which they had come.  "Could be we're in fer another blow."
Off in the distance a small puff of dust moved toward them.  Take and Bear groaned at the thought of another dust storm.  These storms always came up suddenly, sometimes filling the huge sky with a blizzard of flying dirt and pebbles.  If they had time, they would erect their round tents and wait out the storm inside.  If the storm came on them too quickly, they would just hunker down against their animals, covering their eyes and noses as best they could until the cloud of debris passed over them.
Take watched to see if the Barburee men would stop to erect their tents.  Several of the Barburee men had spotted the puff of dust.  They were all pointing at the  moving cloud, but this time they did not rush to erect their tents.  Instead, they spurred their horses on, yelling and gesturing.  Muller the Spy and Hilgard the language student seemed to be shouting something to Take and his companions, but they couldn't make out what they were yelling.  The spy and the language student waved wildly and took off at top speed.
"This is crazy," Bear said.  "They should know by now ya can't outrun a duster."
"Ya think we should just dig in an wait fer it ta pass?" Smiles asked.
"Wait a minute," Bear said, shielding his eyes.  "That ain't no duster comin'. That there's men makin' that dust cloud.  Men on horses, comin' fast."
Take shielded his eyes and he, too, could make out the tiny figures.  "Bandits!" he shouted, jumping on his horse and taking off in the direction the caravan was heading.  Smiles and Bear mounted up quickly and followed close behind him.
After an hour the bandits were closing the gap.  Their horses were faster or they were better horsemen.  It wouldn't be long before they overtook Take and his two companions.  In the distance, beyond the caravan, they could see the tops of what appeared to be smooth treeless mountains.  This seemed to be the caravan's destination, but it was unlikely the Barburee men would reach it before being overtaken by the bandits.  Take could see no help from the mountains even if they were to reach them before being overtaken.  He looked over his shoulder into the gleeful faces of the bandits who continued to pound toward them.
"Let's try surrendering," Smiles shouted.
Bear, resigned to his fate and exhausted, nodded.  He reined in his horse along with Smiles and they both put their hands in the air.  Take reined in as well and turned to join his friends.
The bandits overtook them and to their astonishment, galloped right past the three amazed Fernlanders.  Just as their escape seemed a possibility, the last bandit wheeled around on his horse and shouted to them in a language they didn't understand.
"We can't understand you," Take shouted back.
The bandit wore a dirty brown robe, a tattered cloth hat that came to a tall point in front, and carried a large curved sword.  He shouted at the three Fernland men as he pointed his sword, first at them and then at the caravan, still fleeing for the mountains.  He shouted again and the three Fernlanders started off in the direction of the caravan with their bandit guard following.

Chapter 26

In the Shadow of the Dunes of Barburee

Take, Bear and Smiles rode as fast as their tired horses allowed with their lone bandit riding alongside, shouting at them.
"What do ya think he's sayin'?" Smiles called out.
"He's saying go faster or I'll kill you all," Take said to himself.
"What's that ya say?" Smiles yelled.
"Just keep goin'," Bear said.  "He likely wants ta catch up with his mates."
The bandit waved his sword in a threatening way as he kept one eye on his fellow bandits up ahead.
The bandits up ahead were gaining slowly on the Barburee caravan.  It would be a close race as to which group would reach the foot of the mountains first.  As they closed in on the mountains, they could see that those same mountains now appeared to be giant sand dunes.  The members of the Barburee caravan stopped in the shadow of the first dune and took kneeling positions.  They began firing arrows at the bandits.  One bandit fell from his horse with an arrow in his chest.
The bandit riding beside Take saw his fellow bandit fall.  He screamed a ferocious oath and slashed the air with his sword.  Take could see the bandit wanted to join his comrades.  The bandit seemed to be deciding whether or not to kill the three of them.  Take jumped off his horse and held his hands in the air.  Smiles and Bear did the same.  The bandit hit Take's horse with the side of his sword and shouted.  All three horses bolted and the bandit left Take, Bear and Smiles standing together with their hands raised while he galloped ahead to join his friends.
The three men sat down on the dry ground, still shaking with fright as they watched the battle between the Barburee men and the bandits unfold.
"What should we do?" Smiles asked, as the bandits slashed their way through the line of Barburee archers.
"Naught we can do now," Bear said.  "Look, they're headin' fer the pack animals."
The bandits took the reins of the horses with the heaviest loads and the camels, purchased at the last oasis to carry extra food and water.  They began leading the animals out through the clumps of men still fighting.  The remaining bandits began attacking the Barburee archers who had begun to regroup.
"Do ya think they aim ta kill 'em all?" Smiles asked, his voice still trembling.
"I think they'll make a run for it as soon as they take out the archers," Take said.
"Ya mean that's what ya hope," Bear said.
"I see Muller the Spy still standing," Smiles said.  "See there with the black shirt?"
"If he's smart he'll be stayin' out of it," Bear said.
"What's that?" Take looked down at the ground.
"What's what?" Bear asked.  Then he felt it too.
"The ground's shakin'." Smiles pressed his palms to the ground.
"And listen to that," Take cupped his ears with his hands.
All three stopped talking and listened.
Something strange was happening within the giant sand dune.  It began to sing.  The song was a low mournful hum that vibrated in the air around them.  The three men looked at one another to make sure they were all hearing it.
"What the devil is that?" Bear asked.
"It's the mountain," Smiles said.  "It be talkin' to us."  
They watched the giant sand dune, awe struck.
Avalanches of sand rolled down the sides of the dune as the vibrating sound waves intensified.
The bandits and the Barburee men stopped their fighting.  Clouds of dust and sand rolled off the vibrating dune toward the men in its shadow.  The bandits took only the pack animals they had managed to tie in a line behind them, and left the rest as they made their escape.  The Barburee men watched the top of the giant dune as they pushed themselves up and began to assess their wounds.
Take, Smiles and Bear huddled together, fearing the worst as the bandits raced toward them.  But the bandits were too preoccupied with their own escape to pay any attention to the weaponless Fernlanders.  They rode past at high speed with fearful glances over their shoulders.
The vibrations from the dune intensified.  Take could feel the wave-like motion through the soles of his boots.  Clouds of swirling sand filled the sky.  The heads of a few horses appeared far up at the crest of the dune, then the heads of their riders.  As these men began their descent down the steep slope, another wave of riders appeared at the ridge line.  Wave after wave of soldiers covered the mountainside, descending slowly, waving to the Barburee men below.  The army of the Great Khan had arrived. 

Chapter 27

Barburee

Take, Bear and Smiles walked toward the caravan, watching the army spill over the top of the great sand dune.  As they walked, the dune continued to sing its low mournful note.  The Great Khan's army covered the dune now, a quivering mass of humanity that swarmed down the sand like giant insects. The first soldiers reached the bottom of the dune and continued to flow out onto the plain below, making room for those who followed.  And still the army came, wave after wave of men advancing over the crest.  Thousands, hundreds of thousands.  This was not just the army of Barburee.  This was the whole of Barburee, on the move, an army of nomadic families.
Soldiers on horseback passed the three Fernlanders, giving them curious glances as they rode by.  The three men began to worry that they would become lost in this sea of people and be unable to locate Muller, Hilgard and the members of their caravan.  Then, suddenly, Twenty Quivers was beside them, leading three horses.
"Come," he said, "I take to friends."
The three men jumped on the horses gratefully and rode behind Twenty Quivers, staying close so as not to lose him in the crowd.  They squeezed their way through the hoards of soldiers still spilling out onto the hard baked plain. Some of the soldiers nodded or called out to Twenty Quivers as they passed.  All the soldiers wore leather caps, reinforced with metal strips.  They wore leather arm bands to protect their wrists and leather legging as well.  Some groups carried bows and arrows, some lances, some swords, some axes.  They rode in groups of ten, relaxed, singing as they rode.
Twenty Quivers led them back to the area where the fight with the bandits had taken place.  Muller the Spy and Hilgard the language student yelled and waved when they spotted their countrymen.  A physician and several women were busy bandaging the wounded.  Muller had a bandage on his arm and Hilgard was still being checked for wounds.
"You are all unscathed?" Muller asked.
"We were lucky," Take said.  "The bandits rode right by us but didn't stop to kill us.  They were too busy making their escape."
"They not escape," Twenty Quivers said with a frown.  "I send men to capture them."
Take shivered a little at Twenty Quiver's ominous tone of voice.  He would not like to be in the shoes of the bandits right now.
Hilgard approached the group, limping, with a bandage on his knee.  "It is just a sprain, I think.  I fell from my horse."
"Thieves will die," Twenty Quivers said to Hilgard.
"The Great Khan's army is huge." Take wanted to change the subject.
Twenty Quivers looked at him, confused.  "What mean huge?"
"Army is very big," Take said, holding his arms wide apart.
Twenty Quivers smiled, full of pride.  "Army is as the sands of the dunes."
As they all turned their attention to the dune, they saw pack animals emerging along the crest.  Thousands of horses, camels, donkeys and some enormous grey animals with large floppy ears, sharp tusks and long dangling noses appeared.
Twenty Quivers looked at the mountainside and smiled broadly.  He stood up high in his saddle and waved his hand back and forth.  A group of women and children halfway down the dune finally saw him and waved back, shouting.
"My family," Twenty Quivers said.  "Come, meet.  You stay my family.  Be happy there." 
Muller and Hilgard found horses and the five Fernlanders followed Twenty Quivers up the dune.  They were greeted with smiles and many words they could not understand.  Twenty Quivers beamed with happiness as his family surrounded him.
"You stay our tent.  My wife, Bayarmaa make good to eat."
Bayarmaa lowered her eyes and bowed her head respectfully.  She was dressed in a colorful sheepskin robe and trousers, her hair pulled down in thick braids that resembled the horns of a sheep.  Two little girls, dressed similarly, were introduced as Twenty Quivers' grand daughters.  They giggled behind their hands when the Fernland men looked at them.  They bowed their heads at a sharp word from Twenty Quivers, but continued to grin at one another mischievously when Twenty Quivers turned away.
"I must go deliver message Great Khan," Twenty Quivers patted his tunic pocket.  "You go with Bayarmaa.  I see all tonight.  We talk then for magic."
The Fernlanders looked at one another with alarm.  Were they to put on a magic show here in the desert for hundreds of thousands?
Bayarmaa was already pulling on Take's reins.  Her grandchildren were laughing and singing as they led the Fernlanders down the dune.

Chapter 28

Barburee

Take and the other Fernland men attempted to help as the women erected their large round tent.  It was quite obvious that the women needed no help but they seemed highly entertained by the Fernlanders' attempts.  The two little girls were rolling on the ground, laughing at Bear, who had become entangled in the tent's felt covering.  Bayarmaa shouted at her granddaughters but her shouting did nothing to still their giggling.
Bear, finally freed from the felt covering, smiled at the two little girls, then hiked up his shoulders and arms, growling ferociously.  The two girls stopped, frozen for a second, then saw the twinkle in his eyes and jumped up and down, laughing and pointing.  Bayarmaa ordered the girls out of the tent with a gesture, but they continued to peek through to keep a watch on Bear.
"Look there, those wee gals can't take their eyes off of ya," Smiles said, poking Bear in the arm.
Bear blushed.  "Ya mean them two what's cute as buttons?" 
"Show 'em a magic trick, why don't ya?"
Bear took out a little wooden doll he had whittled from a stick.  "Get me them magnet rocks Take has in 'is pocket," Bear said to Smiles.
Smiles went outside the tent to find Take.  He saw him coming from the lake with a pail of water which he set down for his horse.
"Bear wants ta borrow them magnet rocks ya showed us.  He's gonna do a trick fer the little girls."
"A trick?  I want to see this for myself."  Take found the two stones and followed Smiles inside the tent.
Bear took the two stones, and walked to the edge of the tent with his back to the girls.  He tied the little wooden doll to one of the stones with a piece of thread.  Then he went back to the center of the tent where he sat down and pulled a piece of felt tight across his knees.  He put the second stone in his left hand and hid it under the piece of felt.  He beckoned to the girls with his right hand, holding the little wooden doll.  The girls raced in, curious and excited.  Bear put the little wooden doll which was tied to the stone on top of the tightly stretched felt and took his hand away.  The little doll sat their on its flat magnetic stone.  The women stopped their work to see what Bear was up to.
They all looked at the little wooden doll.  Slowly, she began to move across the piece of felt.  The girls cried out and ran to hide behind their mothers.  The women stared at the little doll that moved all by herself in little circles around the felt.  No one dared to breathe.  Bear smiled with a smug expression.
"Good one," Take said, clapping his hands.
The women watched Take and they began to clap as well.  The little girls came out from behind their mothers' skirts and stood close to Bear.  One reached out to touch the wooden doll and the doll moved suddenly across the felt.  The girls screamed and hid behind their mothers.
Bear laughed heartily and removed the piece of felt so that all could see the stone beneath that moved the stone and doll above.  He showed how the stones clung together.  The women all examined the stones and gradually relaxed a little, but they still cast suspicious glances at Bear now and then.  The two little girls refused to leave Bear's side, both insisting that they be allowed to hold one of his hands.
The Fernland men went outside the tent to leave the women to their work.  They watched with fascination the wonder of setting up camp for a country of nomads.  They had stopped just outside a small oasis.  The huge army would have quickly overwhelmed the limited water resources supplied by a desert spring, so they camped a little away and went to the spring in small groups, allowing time for the flow of water to replenish itself  between groups.  The women went first, to bring water for cooking the evening meal.  Smoke from thousands of  campfires rose from openings in the great round tents.  The smell of roasting meat filled the air.
A herd of sheep on its way to the oasis pushed by the Fernland men.  Bear pulled the two little girls in close to keep them from being bowled over.
"Looks like you've got yourself a little family there, Bear," Take said.
"They won't let go me hands."  The two girls kept a close watch, not wanting to miss anything astounding that Bear might do.
Bear pulled the girls back toward the tent as a string of camels walked by, swaying under the weight of their packs.
"What's become of Muller the Spy and Hilgard?" Smiles asked.
"They took off as soon as we stopped to camp.  Said they were going to gather information."  Take smiled a wry smile and continued.  "Be nice if they could maybe find out why we're here in Barburee."
"Could be we find out afore they do," Bear said.  "Ain't that Twenty Quivers comin' our way?"
"And ain't that them there bandits tied in a string behind 'im?" Smiles added.
They all watched as Twenty Quivers and the bandits came in a line towards them.  Twenty Quivers rode a horse and the bandits ran behind trying to keep up to avoid being dragged.
"I'd not want to be in the shoes of those bandits right now." Take shook his head as he spoke.
"Why's he bringin' 'em here?" Smiles asked.
"Mayhap he wants us ta make 'em disappear," Bears looked pleased with his joke.
Twenty Quivers dismounted when he saw the Fernland men and waved them closer.
"We find bad men." He nodded toward his prisoners.  "You want kill?"
The three magicians were horrified by Twenty Quiver's question.  From the expression on the ambassador's face, they gathered he was making the offer as a courtesy to them.
"No," Take said, wondering about the alternative.  "It was your goods they were attempting to steal, not ours.  And it was your soldiers that caught them."
Bear and Smiles nodded their agreement.
"Ah..., what will ya do ta them?" Smiles asked.
Take and Bear glared at him.  They did not want to know, as they feared the worst.
"I give bad men Great Khan.  He maybe send them out first next battle."
"Yes, the Great Khan's justice is best," Take said, hoping to close the subject.
Twenty Quivers looked at the two little girls, holding Bear's hands tightly.  he said something to them in the Barburee tongue and both girls shook their heads defiantly.  He took a step toward them and they both let go reluctantly and ran back to their tent.
"We have good to eat this night.  Rest good.  Tomorrow you do magic make good for explode arrows." Twenty Quivers mounted his horse and turned the line of prisoners around.
"What the...?" Bear was too much in shock to finish his sentence.
"Do magic make good for explode arrows," Take repeated. "What could that mean?"
"Whatever it means, I'm pretty sure we can't do it." Bear watched the departing Twenty Quivers spur his horse into a trot while the prisoners ran to keep up.
"Explode arrows.  Now there's a thing us magicians can get our teeth into.  Right gents?"  Smiles asked, his eyes shining with excitement.
Bear looked at his friend as if he were crazy.
"Well, now," Take said.  "I guess we finally know why we're here.  Make good for explode arrows.  Can hardly wait to find out what that means."  Take's worried expression did not match the enthusiasm of his words.

Chapter 29

Kingdom of Henge

Henge City basked in the sun of a clear spring morning.  The water in the harbor sparkled with blue light.  Sparsely peopled docks lined the area where water met land.  Deep green grass covered the slope between the docks and the stone castle perched high up the hill overlooking the harbor.  Outside the castle most of the populace of Henge had gathered to watch what promised to be a memorable event.
Officials, dignitaries, guests and soldiers milled around the perimeters of Prince Blackwell's archery range.  Five round white targets with black bull's-eyes had been set up at the end of the field.  Soldiers intervened if anyone stepped too near the targets.  If asked why, the soldiers replied, "Those are our orders."
Serafina spoke calmly to her father-in-law, Phinneas Blackwell.
"I believe I have the mixture of powders perfected.  Today I am experimenting with different wick lengths.
The elder Blackwell was almost dancing with excitement as he listened to Serafina.  He looked around for his son, Prince Blackwell.  "Where has Ambrose got off to?"
Serafina spotted Prince Ambrose Blackwell across the field and quickly excused herself from Phinneas.
Prince Blackwell had grown tired of enduring a multitude of excited slaps on the back from his father.  He had quietly escaped to the group of archers readying themselves for the day's exhibition.  He held one of the tubes full of explosives that would soon be attached to one of the archers' arrows.  It was a cylinder made of heavy paper, sealed on both ends.  A small wick made of string hung out from one end.  As he turned it to and fro, he saw movement at the corner of his eye and hoped it was not his father.
"There is some danger in handling the tubes," Serafina said as she neared her husband.  "The powders are by their nature unstable.  It is necessary to keep them enclosed until they hit their mark."
Prince Blackwell gingerly returned the tube of explosives to the archer.  The archer sat down on the ground and began to tie the tube to an arrow with a piece of thread.
"How dangerous is it?" Prince Blackwell asked.
"Potentially, very.  One of the powders is highly volatile when exposed to the air.  Together, the three powders produce a gas that explodes on contact with a flame.  The secret is to control the explosion.  I have used small amounts of the powders, but there is no reason to expect that larger amounts would not work in the same way and result in larger explosions."
"I see," Prince Blackwell said, as he watched the archer tie the final knot, and break the thread.  "I suppose we should join Father and begin the exhibition."
"As you will," Serafina seemed relieved to see Blackwell turn away from the explosives.
Prince Blackwell waved his hand in the air and the army officers in charge galloped along the borders of the archery field to move people away from the edges.  The target areas were completely cleansed of people.  The crowd grew quiet in anticipation.  A trumpeter signaled the beginning of the spectacle.  Prince Blackwell shouted.
"Archers at the ready!"
"What happens next?" Prince Blackwell whispered to Serafina.
"Light your wicks and let fly," she said.
"Light your wicks and let fly," Prince Blackwell shouted.
Soldiers with lit candles stood ready to light each wick in turn.  The first soldier touched the candle's flame to the wick of the first archer's tube of explosives.  The archer immediately sent the first arrow into the sky with lit tube attached. 
The crowd gasped as the first arrow exploded with a sharp bang, halfway to its target.  The second arrow exploded a little further down the field.  The third exploded on impact with the target and tore the target to shreds.  The fourth and fifth targets met similar fates.
Phinneas Blackwell hopped around joyfully on his peg leg, thumping his son on the back.
"We did it!  We have it!  Let those Barburee thieves show their faces here, they'll get a surprise."  He lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper.  "Son, we could take Fernland right now, before they catch on to how these exploding arrows work."
Prince Blackwell seemed lost in thought.  Ignoring his father, he turned to Serafina, smiling.
"This is a wonderful gift you have given us.  But now I want you to train soldiers to take over the testing.  I see how potentially dangerous these explosives are.  Had I known..."  He seemed unable to finish.  "You know nothing is more important to me than the safety of you and our child."
Serafina squeezed Prince Blackwell's hand and smiled at him.  "As you will, M'Lord."
After speeches, handshakes and congratulations all round, the three Blackwells returned to the castle for a celebratory lunch.  Spirits were high and Phinneas Blackwell scarcely touched his food, being too busy with enthusiastic plans to go to war with all his neighbors.
A messenger interrupted the lunch with a message for Serafina.  She slit the wax seal with a fingernail, opened it and read silently.

Serafina,
I am here in Helsop with several envoys from Barburee.  I believe they have designs on the port of Henge.  I wish to dissuade them in this venture and have suggested that a powerful sorceress controls Henge's army.  I have some feeble hope that, being superstitious, they might forego their attempt on Henge if they see this information to be true.
Dagon refuses to allow us to continue on to Henge, believing it to be too dangerous.  He has also been prejudiced against them by a failed assassination attempt on his person.  Bataar, the Great Khan's son, thought it a good idea to marry me to seal an alliance with Fernland, hence the need to be rid of my fiancé.
Any advice would be welcome.  If you think my idea has merit, we would welcome a visit from you in your most frightening visage.
With affection,
Your Electra

Serafina smiled as she read Electra's message and then put it away in her pocket.
"Good news?" Prince Blackwell asked.
"Very.  Electra would like me to visit her in Helsop."
"And will you go?"
"Of course," Serafina said.  "I will leave at once."

Chapter 30

Barburee

The Fernland men turned down Twenty Quivers' offer to share his large tent for sleeping.  They slept outside where they could talk without being overheard.  Bear's two little girls had been quite disappointed when he left the tent.  Bear suspected they had been planning something and resented having their plans foiled.
Muller the Spy and Hilgard had gathered tidbits of information.  The army was headed south.  Several towns and cities lay in their path.  Most of the towns had already surrendered to the Great Khan's envoys.  Hilgard's command of the Barburee tongue was improving, but he could shed no light on Twenty Quivers' cryptic message, 'make good for explode arrows'.
The Fernland men awoke the next morning to wonderful breakfast smells.  Twenty Quivers grand daughters stood watching until Bear opened his eyes.  They giggled as he pulled his blanket over his head and turned away.  One of the girls nibbled on a piece of goat cheese, and pointed toward their tent.  The men gradually made their way to Twenty Quivers' tent where a breakfast of meat filled dumplings, goats' cheese and barley mush awaited them.  They dove in, grateful for the good food.
After breakfast Twenty Quivers cleared his throat.
"We go see explode arrows," he said.
The men followed him out of the tent.  They walked through the ranks of family tents, some housing swordsmen and their families, some housing engineers and their families.  They passed herds of sheep, groups of camels, horses everywhere.  They kept a safe distance from the huge grey animals with the long, snakelike noses and sharp tusks.  Hilgard asked Twenty Quivers the name of these animals.
"Zaan.  Very strong."  Twenty Quivers stuck his elbows out to the side to make his shoulders bulge in a pantomime of strength.
They passed the tents of archers where men sat outside, stringing bows and whittling arrows.  One woman saw Twenty Quivers and shouted at him.  He turned to listen.  She beat her chest, pointed at her tent and hurled a tirade of harsh words at the ambassador.
"What is she saying?" Muller asked Hilgard.
"Her husband is sick or hurt, I think."
Twenty Quivers went inside the tent and spoke to someone inside.  He came back to the opening of the tent and called out to the Fernland men.
"Come, see bad arrow."
The Fernlanders looked at one another briefly and approached the tent cautiously.
Inside, a man lay on the floor, heavily bandaged.  Between the bandages, angry patches of burned skin showed.  It looked more like burns from a fire than the result of puncture wounds from arrows.
"Bad magic." Twenty Quivers spoke a few soothing words to the woman before they took their leave.
As they continued through the archers' camp they saw more men disfigured by burns, some fully recuperated, but scarred, and some still in bandages.
"I'm not liken' the looks a this," Bear whispered.
"If it be bad magic, ya reckon we kin help?" Smiles asked.
Bear stared at his friend.  "Ain't no such thing as magic—good or bad.  Only thing we kin do is get ourselves in hot water, tryin' ta help."
"Let's not be saying that too loud," Take said softly.  "You never can tell who might be able to help and there's that gold reward to consider."
"Gold, smold!" Bear said, angrily.  "Don't you be volunteerin' us fer something's gonna put us in bandages like them other blokes."
They passed the last tent and looked out over an open area that appeared to be an improvised archery range.
They watched while several archers practiced hitting bits of charcoal with their arrows while riding at full gallop.  Others seemed to be testing large bows using arrows with bamboo cylinders attached.  As they watched, a loud noise rang out and a bush exploded.
"That good arrow." Twenty Quivers rode toward the lucky archer.
Another bush exploded, closer, making them all jerk around nervously.
Suddenly, a sharp bang sounded followed by horrendous screams.  A man ran from the field and plunged his face and arms in a trough of water.
The Fernland men stood bewildered and frightened by what they had just witnessed.
"That bad arrow," Twenty Quivers shouted as he ran to help the wounded man.
Muller the Spy ran in the opposite direction to check the remains of the archer's demolished bow.  The other Fernland men followed him, careful not to go too close to any bamboo cylinders.
"What do you suppose is in those cylinders?" Take asked Muller.
Muller inspected a bit of the blackened bow.  "I don't know, but I do know those cylinders are why you're here, and for that matter, why I'm here as well.  We have to find out how they are made.  Once they learn to control the explosions..." 
 He didn't finish.  He didn't need to finish.  It was obvious to all that Fernland had no weapons to combat these cylinders that could tear apart bushes on contact.  And their job as magicians here in Barburee was to bring this weapon under control.  Just as their job as Fernlanders was to make sure that didn't happen.

Chapter 31

Barburee

The Fernland men watched carefully as an archer measured out powders from three different boxes and packed them into a short length of hollow bamboo.  They stood a few feet away to protect themselves from explosions and Hilgard shouted out questions in the Barburee tongue.
"He says the yellow powder is not dangerous," Hilgard translated.
Smiles walked to the box that contained the yellow powder and stuck his finger into the rank smelling substance.  He sniffed it and coughed.  "Smells like somethin' gone bad."
Hilgard asked about the second box of black powder.  "Left over from fire?  I'm not sure what that means," Hilgard said, "but he says that one is not dangerous either."
Smiles moved to the second box and pinched a bit between his fingers.
"Don't be settin' something off," Bear yelled to his friend.
Smiles brought the bit of black powder over to Bear.  Bear shrunk back a little.
"Ain't nothin' but charcoal, ground up like.  See?"  Smiles held his fingers out for Bear's inspection.
Bear sniffed it and ground a bit into a finer powder with his fingers.
"He's right.  Tis charcoal."
The others gathered around and agreed, in turn—it was only charcoal.
"The last box holds the troublemaker," Hilgard said, after speaking to the archer.  "He says it sometimes explodes on its own."
They looked at the white powder in the third box from a distance.  Smiles started to walk toward it.
"Are ya crazy?" Bear shouted.  "Did ya not hear what the man said?"
Smiles shrugged and turned back to his friends.  "How we gonna fix them bad arrows if we don't take a look see?"
They saw that the archer had finished packing and wicking his bamboo tube and was now in the process of attaching it to a heavy arrow.  He turned to sight in on a sheep's skull at the end of the field.  Then he lowered the arrow, lit the wick with a candle and quickly let the arrow fly.  The arrow hit its mark and the sheep's skull exploded.  A cheer went up from his fellow archers.
Muller ran down the field and gathered up the fragments of bone he could find.  He brought these few burnt fragments back to show to the other Fernland men.
"This is incredible.  I could hardly find a piece bigger than my thumb.  We have to take some of those powders back to Fernland."
"By we, I'm hopin' ya mean you." Bear stood with his hands on his hips.  "I'll not be carryin' it nor comin' near him what is carryin’ it."
Muller glared contemptuously at Bear, then turned to Hilgard.  "We need to find out where they get the yellow and white powders.  The charcoal is no problem."
They watched as more archers packed tubes with measured portions of the three powders—two parts yellow, three parts black and fifteen parts white.  The archers seemed encouraged by the success of the sheep's skull explosion.  A cloud of powder hung in the air as they worked.  Several men got off successful shots, then a close call occurred as a tube exploded just after an arrow was released.
Take moved a little closer to watch as an archer finished packing his tube with powders, then pressed wax into both ends to seal it.  He stuck a thin stick through the soft wax to form a wick.  Take stepped back as the archer began to tie the tube to an arrow.
Take shook his head as he returned to his group of friends.  "Maybe it is bad magic.  It looks like chance whether it explodes when the wick burns through like it's supposed to or whether it blows up before the flame makes contact."
"You would think they would be more afraid then they seem to be," Hilgard said.
Muller shook his head.  "The rewards when it works are too great.  They have to chance it and to do that, they have to practice."
"I can't see Fernland's archers wantin' ta chance it," Bear said.
Muller glared at Bear for the second time.  "If you're so worried about your safety why don't you go wait with the women?"
Bear glared back at Muller.  Then his glare turned into a mean smile.  "Why don't I just do that?  What bout you then Smiles, ya comin' with me to wait with the women folk?"
Smiles shrugged and looked sheepishly at his friends.  "I spose I'd best."
Bear was grateful when his friend joined him.  They headed back to the city of tents.  When they were out of hearing range Bear turned to Smiles.
"The spy's just mad cause he knows I'm right.  Nobody in Fernland is stupid enough ta be messin' with arrows what explode any time they feel like it."
"Bet yer right there.  What ya make of it?  Why's a one explode ahead a time and an a tother don't?"
"I'm guessin' once them three powders get together they're ready ta blow an all kinds a things could set 'em off.  Like maybe shakin' or somethin'.  But I don't see no good comin' from tryin' to find out."
"Not magic, ya don't think?"
"Don't start with that again."

When they reached Twenty Quivers' tent, the two little grand daughters ran out to meet them.  Their hands were covered with flour.
"Long as we're sent ta keep the women folk company, what say we show them how a proper sweet pastry's made?" Bear asked.  "I got a bit of a taste fer one."
"Now yer talkin' my language." Smiles began rolling up his sleeves.
The two men entered the tent, much to the delight of the little girls.  With gestures toward the flour, the wood fire and themselves, they let the women know they meant to cook.  The women looked surprised but laughed among themselves and stood back to watch.  Bear located the ingredients he needed—barley flour, oil, goat's milk, honey and some dried red berries for sweetness.
As Smiles ground the flour to a fine texture, Bear combined ingredients to make a flat dough which he kneaded and slapped loudly on a flat stone.  Bear was happily engrossed in his task and did not notice what the little girls were up to.  They too were intent in their task.  They mimicked Smiles by pulverizing their own large piles of flour with flat sticks.  Soon the air was thick with tiny particles of flour.
Bear's nose twitched.  He breathed in the floured air and sneezed mightily into the sleeve of his shirt.  The air around him hung thick with floating flour above the smoldering cook fire.  Bear had heard stories from other bakers of thick air-borne flour catching fire and causing an explosion.  "No!" he shouted as he grabbed the little girls, one under each arm and ran for the opening of the tent.  "Get out!  Get out!" he yelled.  
 Smiles followed him out gesturing to the women behind him.  The women paid little attention to Smiles or his gestures.  They were intent on following the man who was running away with their children.  Outside the tent Bear attempted to explain that the flour in the air exposed to flame could explode.  He tried this with large arm gestures and repeated cries of "Boom!  Boom!"  He saw that he had only succeeded in convincing them that he was crazy.
Bear kept checking the air inside the tent until he was satisfied that the flour particles were sufficiently diluted by the vent at the tent's top and the breeze from the open flap, to make it safe to return.  As he resumed his work and the women returned, he kept a close eye on the little girls, giving them lumps of dough instead of flour to pound with their flat sticks.  The pastries turned out very well and the confidence of the women in Bear's ability and sanity slowly returned.
As they all lounged in the tent, sleepy with full stomachs, Bear turned to Smiles.
"I should likely keep it ta myself.  Don't no good never come a givin' folk advice, but—I think I know why some of them arrows been explodin' early."

Chapter 32

Village of Helsop

Electra looked out the door of the clinic.  Bataar and his men rode by on their horses with a good amount of shouting and laughter.  They seemed to be on their way to the river this morning.  Their first two days in Helsop, they had explored the glacier.  The next two days they had spent in the forest.  Both the glacier and the old growth forest appeared to be new experiences for the Barburee men.  Electra wondered about what their homeland must be like. Yesterday they had presented Dagon with a deer they had shot in the forest.  Dagon divided the venison between Helsop's households and the militia's mess hall.
The clinic had no patients today.  Electra spent the morning making bandages and setting herbs out to dry.  She was thinking of taking a break for lunch when a messenger from Henge rode up to the clinic.  Electra hoped he carried a reply from Serafina.
The soldier dismounted and walked to the door of the clinic.
"You are Princess Electra?"
"I am."
"I was told I would find you here."
He held out a rolled up paper sealed with wax and tied with a red ribbon.
Electra tore open the seal, eager to see Serafina's reply to her invitation.  She read the note quickly.  It was very short.

My Electra,
I will arrive 3 to 4 hours after this messenger. Prepare an unlit bonfire of pitch and green wood.
Always your Mother
Serafina

Electra constructed the bonfire with tiers of wood coated with pitch.  Tandor stood close by, offering his help.
"It is better I do it myself," Electra said.  "I know how she likes her bonfires built."
When she had a large bonfire assembled just outside the village along the road Serafina would take to enter Helsop, Electra retreated to her cottage.  She lay on her cot, looking up at the ceiling and wondered why she always seemed at a crossroads between warring nations that led to marriage proposals for political gain.  She thought she had found a peaceful refuge in Helsop, a place where her skills as a herbalist would have value, but that had been short-lived.
She wondered how her life would have been had she stayed in Chase Bound where Serafina had taken her after Take kidnapped her.  She could have refused to accompany Avor back to Fernland, refused to even meet Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey.  She sighed, then noticed the crystal ball wedged between her cot and the wall.  She spun it around in her hand, watching the little clouds form deep within.  A shout from Tandor broke her concentration.
"The sorceress has just come over the rise.  She has two soldiers with her."
Electra jumped up, her crystal ball forgotten.  "Tell Dagon at once.  Then go to the river and fetch the Barburee ambassadors.  I will go out to meet her."
A large crowd including Dagon, Helsop's villagers, Bataar and the Barburee ambassadors, assembled along the road in front of the wood stacked for Serafina's bonfire.  Serafina rode straight for the crowd and dismounted.  She wore her loose fitting black robe with the wiccan symbols, and looked very much the sorceress that she was.  The two soldiers with her carried large bows and quivers filled with arrows attached to long narrow tubes.
Serafina smiled a generous smile at the gathered crowd.  Her face seemed a little fuller and she was quite beautiful.
"Ah, you have prepared a fire.  How thoughtful," she said to the crowd.
She pointed to the fire and it burst into flames.  The crowd gave a collective gasp and stepped away from Serafina and the bonfire.
Serafina looked at the Barburee men pleasantly.
"You must be Bataar," she said in a charming voice.  "I have looked forward to meeting you."
Bataar held his ground and said nothing.  He appeared faintly uneasy as he watched the cloud of smoke grow thicker behind Serafina.
"I was sorry to hear you and your ambassadors would not be traveling on to Henge."  Serafina appeared relaxed and in a mood to chat.
Behind her the cloud of smoke was forming into a towering shape.  The dark thick smoke twisted and writhed like a living thing.  The dark smoke seemed to be condensing into the shape of a giant monster.   Two bulging arms grew slowly, hypnotically, out of the smoke cloud.  A dark head began to take shape.  Hollows grew within the head where eyes should have been.  Another hollow formed where a mouth might have formed, but this hollow became a gaping hole, tunneling into the smoke, a giant maw that opened and closed as the smoke twisted and turned.  
Bataar watched as the smoke demon began to bend slowly downward.  Its arms came forward and its hollow eyes fixed on him.  The gaping mouth opened wider and the head of the smoke demon stretched down as if it meant to devour Bataar.
Serafina looked up to see the towering smoke monster above her.  She snapped her fingers and the monster disappeared, instantly.
"The wood must be green."  Serafina looked deep into Bataar's eyes and smiled.  "How good it is to have met you."  Serafina moved on to greet Electra.
"Men have magic arrows." Bataar looked at Serafina but pointed at her two soldiers, who each carried arrows in their quivers with tubes attached.
Serafina turned back to meet Bataar's eyes.  "Yes, are you familiar with them?"
Bataar shrugged.
"Would you like to see a demonstration?"
"Yes." Bataar's lips turned down in a sneer.
Serafina waved the two soldiers from Henge forward.  She looked around and settled on a post some distance away as a target.
The two men each fitted an arrow into their bows.  Serafina lit the two hanging wicks by touching them with her finger.
The two archers let fly and both arrows struck the post just as their cylinders exploded, sending the post flying out in shattered chips of wood.
The crowd of people bolted.  Some screamed and ran for their houses, others watched in fascinated shock.
Bataar narrowed his eyes in anger.  He called to his men and they stalked back to where they had left their horses.
"That went well." Serafina smiled as she hugged Electra warmly.
Dagon continued to stare at the shattered post in silence.  He finally looked at Serafina, a confused expression on his face.
"Was that witchcraft?" he asked.
"No, that was innovation," she replied.
"We have a meal prepared, and places for you and your men to stay," Dagon gestured toward the mess tent.  "I would like to find out more about these innovative weapons."
"Let me speak to Electra first, and then we will join you."  Serafina nodded to her two soldiers and they followed Dagon to their temporary quarters.

Chapter 33

Village of Helsop

Electra and Serafina walked back to Electra's cottage together.  As Serafina entered she saw the sheeted hole in the back wall that led to the massive construction of framed timbers behind.  Pulling the sheet aside, Serafina asked, "Doing some renovations?"
Electra did not want to begin their talk with details about Queen Delphinia's vision of a proper dwelling for a princess.  She waved the question away with a flick of her hand.  "It is a family project."
"I see," Serafina said, with a slight upturn of her mouth.  She moved the crystal ball aside and sat on one end of the cot, there being no other place to sit.
Electra sat on the other end of the cot with her legs crossed beneath her.  "Thank you for coming.  I thought your smoke demon very effective and your exploding arrows even more so.  Do you think Bataar is having second thoughts about attacking Henge?"
Serafina frowned before she spoke.  "Unfortunately, no, I do not.  He was quite terrified by the smoke demon, but he would die before he would show any sign of fear.  As for the arrows, he is familiar with them.  Prince Blackwell heard rumors of Barburee's exploding arrows from gossip around the docks.  He asked me if such a thing were possible and I saw that it was.  I took on the task of inventing a similar weapon for Henge.  Bataar was furious to learn that their secret weapon has been copied.  I notice he and his men do not display their exploding arrows."
"No.  They put on a most impressive display of their abilities with conventional bows and arrows in Fernland, but there was no hint of explosives."
Serafina considered this news for a moment, then appeared to dismiss it.   She  turned to Electra with a wry smile.  "You said in your message the son of the Great Khan has honored you with a marriage proposal."
Electra leaned back against the wall beside her cot and sighed.  "I suppose I shall be responsible for Fernland's demise should I refuse his offer of marriage."
Serafina chuckled.  "I did warn you that Geoffrey would use your hand in marriage as a political tool."
"This was not King Geoffrey's idea.  In fact I do not think he would allow it, even if I were willing.  He does not want Fernland in bed with Barburee.  But he could be signing Fernland's fate if he objects.  It weighs heavy on my mind."
Electra looked at the cloth of Serafina's shift, pulled tight across her midsection.  She sat up straight and her mouth sagged open.
"Yes," Serafina said.  "I am with child—twins in fact."
Electra was too stunned to speak.  She felt an unusual sensation sweep through her.  Serafina was her mother, no one else's.  She recognized the feeling as jealousy and quickly buried it deep inside.  "But that is wonderful." She reached out to hug Serafina.
"Two little sisters for you," Serafina said gently as she studied Electra's face.
Electra blushed like a child caught misbehaving.  Then she laughed at her feelings of jealousy.  "Are you so sure they will be girls?"
"Yes, I am sure, though my father-in-law would prefer it were not so."
"I pity them, being born daughters of a king."
"I will not have you speak like that," Serafina said.
"I am sorry, and of course I jest.  I know their lives will be nothing like mine." Electra lowered her eyes.
"I speak of you, not them." Serafina lifted her chin.  "Since when have you not been in charge of your own life?"
Electra stopped to consider her question.  She shook her head.  "I can not live as you do, feeling no responsibility for others.  I know it is a weakness that I would even consider marriage to save the lives of people I barely know."
Serafina breathed deeply.  "Very well.  Then I take it you are considering going ahead with an unwanted marriage, against your father's wishes, in an effort to save Fernland from Barburee."
"No.  I plan instead to ask advice from a wise woman."
Serafina laughed.
Electra continued, "It is not only Fernland that is threatened.  It is Helsop and Henge as well.  Barburee's reputation is known to all.  Thus far they have proved invincible and without mercy."
Serafina considered Electra's words.  She glanced at the crystal ball, but did not pick it up.  Finally she spoke.  "War always comes in its time, but we will concern ourselves now with you and your future."  Serafina closed her eyes and folded her hands in her lap.  She appeared deep in thought.  A minute later she opened her eyes and looked at Electra.  "I know of places where you could go to immerse yourself in the study of medicine.  Does such a plan interest you?"
Electra's face lit up.  "More than anything."
Serafina nodded.  "Good.  Then I will tell you what you must do."

Serafina and Electra showed up quite late for the meal Dagon had brought from the militia's mess tent.  The watery stew had fallen to room temperature and had little taste.  Electra complimented the dinner and ate with relish.
Turning to Serafina, Dagon commented, "Your visit has had a remarkable effect on Electra's spirits.  Do you believe that your plan to dissuade Bataar from war with Henge has worked?"
"I do not believe so."  Serafina attacked her stew with equal relish.
"Why then are you so happy?" Dagon asked, turning to Electra.
Electra looked down at her stew and did not meet his eyes.  "It was a wonderful display of witchcraft.  One can always hope."

Chapter 34

Barburee

Take, Muller and Hilgard returned to their little campsite outside Twenty Quivers' tent as the sun was setting.  They saw that the Barburee women had left bowls of food for them on rocks beside the fire.  Bear and Smiles had just finished eating.  They were leaning back on their packs near the fire, a pile of pastries between them.  Bear looked at Muller with anger in his eyes, almost daring Muller to say any thing more about his being a coward because he refused to take chances around the exploding arrows.
"You made sweet pastries?" Take asked, hesitating before picking one up.
"Help yerself," Smiles said.  "Me an' Bear showed them Barburee ladies how it's done."
"Umm, delicious." Take took a bite and settled in next to the fire.  "Did they like them?"
"A course they liked 'em." Bear slid the pastries away before Muller could reach for one.  
"I'm glad somebody had a good day." Muller took a bowl of Barburee food and settled down to eat, purposely avoiding any mention of his disagreement with Bear earlier in the day.  "We got nowhere trying to figure out why some of the packets of powder are exploding before they're supposed to."
"Oh, Bear's got that one figgered." Smiles nudged his friend.  "Tell 'em Bear."
Muller looked at Bear, his surprise evident.  "Really?"
Bear frowned at Smiles.  "Tellin' you a thing is like ta tellin' the town crier."  He turned back to Muller.  "I might know, but it's a guess, an yer not likely interested in hearin' bout a guess."
"A guess is better than what we've got now.  I would value your opinion."  Muller tried hard to keep his voice conciliatory.  "Not that we will be sharing the solution to their bad magic if we find it," Muller added softly.
Bear was quiet for a moment, gathering his thoughts.  "I heard 'bout a few explosions, workin' as a baker.  Seems when the air gets too full a fine pounded flour an' there's a fire near to it, the flour might just burst out aflame, like.  An' it happens so sudden, it just plain explodes.  Took out a storage shed down by a mill one time—they was dumpin' the flour in an' all a sudden—boom!  The whole shed come apart.  An' then agin, I worked with a cook, always openin' the windows, he was, any time we'd be bakin'.  Said he'd had a buddy what died when a kitchen flew apart from too much flour bein' in the air.  Got hit with a fryin pan what blew up an took 'im out.  So here I was today, I'm poundin' dough and Smiles here is mashin' up the flour an' I look up and sees them girls got the all the air in the tent just a bleedin' bits a flour.  I got everybody out a that tent  in a hurry—rememberin' them stories."
"Exploding flour?" Muller asked, his face mirroring his disbelief.
"Believe what ya want.  Ya asked and I told ya." Bear poked the fire with a stick and tried to ignore Muller.
"There was a lot of powder in the air around those boxes." Hilgard stared into the fire, remembering.  "And sometimes there was powder on the outside of the tubes.  They aren't very careful about loading them."
"Even Twenty Quivers said sometimes that white powder just explodes on its own," Take said, looking at Bear.
"We'll watch and see.  If it turns out the tubes explode early when there's powder in the air or on the tubes, we'll know.  But hear me on this.  We need to figure this out for Fernland's sake, and when we do, we will keep that knowledge to ourselves."  Muller looked straight at Take as he emphasized the last few words.
Take put his palms out in front to signal surrender.  "But let's not be too hasty, nor too set on one way of thinking.  There may be a way we can earn the gold but still keep the secret."
Muller looked at Take suspiciously.  "I doubt it."
"Just give me a minute to think." Take walked away from the campfire and studied the stars, as they began to appear in the darkening sky.  He walked back, chin in hand, nodding slowly.  
"What if..." he began.  Then he walked away again, abruptly turned around and grinned at his friends.  "What if we convince them that it is magic and some packets are good magic and some are bad magic."
"Shouldn't be too hard ta do since that's what they already believe." Bear sat with his arms folded over his chest, looking at Take as though he were not very bright.
"Right," Take continued, unfazed.  "Then we as magicians can teach them the magic they need to take the spell off the ones with bad magic.  All we have to do is come up with some long, involved spell or chant that will slow them down."  He looked pointedly at Muller.  "That means slow them down in battle as well."  
"But if they still have just as many explode, won't they get suspicious?" Hilgard asked.
"No, because they won't have as many explode.  There will be water involved that will settle the powders," Take said.
"Then you are helping them and we can't do that." Muller's voice rose to an angry pitch.
"This will keep them from solving the problem themselves, which they are bound to do eventually.  This will keep the solution firmly in the realm of magic.  If one does explode, they will suppose they have done something wrong in the chant.  They will never figure out the real reason." 
Muller thought this over and finally conceded it might be a good idea.  "I don't like it, a lot could go wrong, but I can't think of a good enough reason to stop you."
A rustling sound drew their attention.  They looked away from the fire into the darkened night, but saw nothing.  The sound of running feet had them all straining to see what was making the noise.  There could have been a shadow, more black than the moonless night.
"Did anyone see anything?" Muller whispered.
"I may have seen a shadow, running towards the tent, I'm not sure," Hilgard said.
"Do ya spose a one was listenin' ta what we was sayin'?” Smiles asked.
"Do ya spose if they was listenin' they could understand what they was hearin'—that's the real question.  Not many a one understands us here." Bear did not seem worried.
"We'd best be more careful," Take said.  "We don't need more trouble than we've already got."
"There's only Twenty Quivers speaks the language as far as we know and if it was him we'll know soon when they come to take us prisoner," Muller said.
"I'd bet it was them little girls," Bear said with a smile.  "They like ta keep an eye on me."
"Let's say it was the girls," Take said.  "We'll sleep a whole lot better tonight that way."

Chapter 35

Barburee

Some of the Fernland men spent a restless night, worried that Twenty Quivers might have overheard their conversation about the exploding arrows.  Since no one had come to question them during the night, they relaxed and went to the tent for breakfast as usual.  Bear looked at the little girls suspiciously, wondering if they were the little spies.  The girls covered their mouths with their hands and giggled with excitement.  The women had made a big breakfast for the Fernland men.  They were still grateful for the sweet pastries and the unexpected treat of having men cook for them.  After breakfast the Fernlanders walked to the archery field, making plans along the way.
Muller seemed to have adopted the role of leader, although Hilgard was probably the only one of his companions who would have acknowledged his right to be leader.  He spoke to the group as he walked.  "We'll watch for a while and see if Bear's theory holds up before we try anything," 
"I don't want to see no other poor bloke get hisself blown up if we can do aught ta stop it," Smiles said.  "These folks been good ta us, givin' us food and all."
Muller stared at Smiles with a shocked expression.  "They want us to give them better weapons so they can take over Fernland that much easier."
"We don't be knowin' that fer sure," Smiles said, looking down at his feet, refusing to meet Muller's eyes.  He stuck out his lower lip but didn't pursue his argument.
Bear stuck up for his friend.  "He's right ya know.  We don't know nothin' fer sure."
Take shook his head.  "We know for sure we didn't want to come here, and yet here we are."
No one cared to follow that comment with one of their own.

The archery field buzzed with activity.  A group cheered as four men on horseback galloped down the field, bows drawn, in some sort of competition.  Three of the men's arrows hit a sheep's skull at the far end of the field.  The man who had shot the fourth arrow turned back with a sour expression.  He rode to the side of the field where the bamboo tubes and boxes of powder were kept and began filling tubes.  Evidently this was the penalty for losing the competition.
The Fernland men moved closer but not too close.  They all remembered the white powder was said to sometimes explode for no reason.  The archer looked up at the Fernlanders, probably wondering what they were doing here.
Muller moved closer to Hilgard.  "Ask him if they will be shooting any of the exploding arrows today."
Hilgard posed the question a few different ways before the archer understood what he was asking, then listened as the man gave a short, gruff response.
"What did he say?" Muller asked.
"He wants to know why we want to know."
"Tell him ah..., tell him these men are magicians." Muller pointed to Take, Bear and Smiles. “Tell him they know about bad arrows.”
Hilgard translated Muller’s words as well as he could.  The archer stared at Take, Bear and Smiles with suspicious eyes before taking one of the tubes he had just packed and carrying it to the middle of the archery field.  He lit a candle from a nearby campfire and set it down next to the bamboo tube packed with explosives.  A slight breeze made the candle flame begin to flicker and the archer set up his shield to protect it from the wind.  He brushed his hands together to remove the powder residue before reaching for his thread to tie the bamboo tube to an arrow.
Bear put up his hand and shouted,”No!” as the powder from the archer’s hands drifted down to the flame behind the shield.
Smiles leapt into action.  With four giant strides he was beside the smaller archer.  He threw the man up and away to fall in a heap several yards away.  Smiles fell to the ground just as the powder in the air exploded, igniting the bamboo tube of explosives beneath it.  Exploding bamboo fragment filled the air but miraculously spared both Smiles and the archer.
Watching archers, amazed by what they had just witnessed, ran onto the field to check on their friend and the giant who had saved him.
Smiles stood up slowly, surprised that he had suffered no injuries.  Bear ran to his friend, shouting.  “What’s wrong with you?  You could a been killed.  Are you hurt?”
Smiles tried to comfort his friend, who was clearly more shaken then himself.
“I’m fine.  See?”  He lifted his arms and took a few steps to convince his distraught friend.
Bear was red in the face, still fuming with helpless anger.  “Of all the harebrained ideas.  Didn’t ya hear me yell ta stop?”
Take, Hilgard and Muller joined the two men and congratulated Smiles on his heroic act.
Muller put his hand on Bear’s shoulder.  “It happened just as you predicted,” he said.  “We must not give them an opportunity to discover what we now know to be a fact.”  He turned to Take. “If you think you can convince them these arrows explode early as a result of magic, go ahead.  Otherwise it is only a matter of time before they put two and two together and figure it out for themselves.”
Take smiled, seeing his reward from the Great Khan already taking shape.  “Smiles—get me a couple buckets of water.  Hilgard—send one of the archers to fetch Twenty Quivers.  Give me a few minutes to work on my ‘magic spell’ and we’ll have no more bad arrows around here.” 
When Twenty Quivers arrived, Take was ready.
"I have a spell that can take the bad magic off the arrows that are exploding too soon," Take said with more confidence than he felt.
Twenty Quivers seemed pleased.  He called out to an archer riding by on his horse.  The archer frowned when Twenty Quivers told him what he wanted.  The archer pointed to the tent where the wounded archers lay recovering and spoke to Twenty Quivers in the Barburee language.  Twenty Quivers pointed to Take and gave the archer what sounded like an order.
The Barburee archer dismounted and slapped his horse to move him away.  He packed a bamboo tube and inserted a wick, frowning all the while.  After he had tied the tube to an arrow, Take began his spell.
Take filled his mouth with water from a dipper, then spat it out in a fine spray as he danced around the archer and his loaded arrow.  He began to chant in a deep voice.

"Sun and moon
Sun and moon
Arrow don't explode too soon."

He filled his mouth again and spat out a spray that covered the archer's clothes and shoes where a little powder had spilled.
He continued to chant.

"North east
South west
Let this arrow pass the test."

He repeated the whole sequence once more to draw out the routine in hopes of pacifying Muller, then nodded to Twenty Quivers.
"This bad arrow is now good."  Take crossed his fingers and stepped back.
Twenty Quivers lit the wick and the archer let the arrow fly.  It landed far down the field with a satisfying boom.  All the archers cheered and ran to Take to find out the meaning of his complicated routine.  Take took the candle from Twenty Quivers and set it down carefully in a clay bowl, far from the boxes of powder.
Twenty Quivers explained to the archers that Take had a magic spell which would turn a bad arrow into a good one.  The archers crowded around Take, congratulating him in their own tongue, and offering thanks with short, respectful bows.
Take glanced at his friends.  Smiles was clapping and cheering, Muller looked worried, but at least he was not frowning.  Bear clasped his hands over his head in a sign of victory and smiled.  Hilgard was trying to understand what the archers were saying to one another.
Take already knew what the archers were saying and he thought his chances of earning a bucket full of gold coins looked very good.  The victory over the bad arrows was cut short by the sound of a loud, echoing drum beat that swept over them.  A multitude of drums joined in to sound the marching cadence known to all.  It was the signal to pack up and move out.  It swept through the temporary settlement.  All of Barburee hurried to break camp.  The Great Khan's army was on the move. 

Chapter 36

Village of Helsop

Serafina and Electra talked long into the night about Bataar and the threat from Barburee as well as various schemes that would leave Electra free to pursue her study of medicine.  They were still sleeping long past sunrise when loud knocking on the door of Electra's cottage awakened them.
Electra jumped up from the cot she had borrowed from Dagon and opened the door.  Serafina opened one eye from where she lay on Electra's cot. 
An anxious Tandor stood outside the door.
"Dagon wants to see you both as soon as possible," he said.
"What has happened?" Electra drew her blanket around her.
"The men from Barburee are gone, and the prisoners with them." Tandor turned and hurried away before Electra could ask more questions.
Electra looked back at Serafina, who was up now, and busy gathering the things she had brought with her into a cloth bag.
"You are not leaving so soon, are you?" Electra asked.
"I gave my promise for a quick return.  Prince Blackwell worries about me.  But first I will hear what Dagon knows of our missing ambassadors."
"Do you suppose Bataar has gone on to Henge?"
Serafina contemplated Electra's question for a few seconds.  "He is not one to abide something he fears."
"I doubt he fears Dagon.  It is more likely you he fears."  The words were no sooner out of Electra's mouth than she realized the truth of them.  She turned pale. "Of course it is you he fears.  You mean he can not abide you."  Electra put her hand to her cheek.  "You must not leave now.  He and his men could be lying in wait for you."
"Calm yourself." Serafina closed her bag and began to dress herself.  "He fears me for good reason.  I am not so easy to kill."
"Dagon will send soldiers to accompany you.  They will not attack if they are vastly outnumbered."
"No." Serafina slid a black boot on and laced it around her ankle.  "It is best not to show weakness.  I can conjure a shield to protect myself and two men, but I could not conjure one to protect so many."
"I should never have asked you to come here." Electra paced the width of her cottage.
"Let us go hear what Dagon has to tell us." Serafina ignored Electra’s fear for her safety.  Electra quickly put on the same dress she had worn the night before.


One of Dagon's scouts galloped up to the post just as Serafina and Electra reached the door of the militia post headquarters.  They stepped aside to allow the scout to enter the headquarters ahead of them.
"Report," Dagon ordered.
"Their tracks go north, then circle west in a wide arc.  They tried to hide their tracks by turning west over gravel then raking it from behind, but we were able to pick their tracks up when the gravel gave out."
Dagon motioned for Serafina and Electra to sit down, then he turned back to his scout.  "That will do for now.  If they are headed for Henge they are Blackwell's problem."
The scout saluted and left the command post.
"Did no one see them leave?" Electra asked.
"I had removed the guards that were watching the ambassadors. The two men I left to guard the stockade are now in the clinic.  They were not conscious when we found them early this morning.  The Barburee assassins they were guarding were gone from the stockade.  We have patrols to the south and east, but the north is not heavily guarded.  I should have anticipated such an action on Bataar's part."
"Serafina thinks he may try to kill her," Electra said, her eyes clearly reflecting her worry.
"It is possible.  This Bataar is difficult to decipher.  The fact that he did not kill my guards may mean he is still amenable to treating Helsop as a possible ally."  Dagon turned his attention to Serafina.  "Perhaps you should stay with us until we can get word to Prince Blackwell about this threat."
"No need to concern Prince Blackwell over this,” Serafina said.  "I would rather Bataar continue to fear my powers.  It will not be enough to forestall his army, but it may be enough to focus his attention on me, and that works to our advantage."
"I am sure your powers would worry anyone," Dagon conceded.  "Still, it might be prudent to delay your leaving until we know more."
Serafina smiled and looked around the command post.  "I would not say no to some breakfast before I take my leave.  I find I have an appetite of late."
Dagon looked at Serafina for a second, then his eyes drifted down to the bulge at her waist.
"No... you are not..." Dagon's jaw fell in surprise.
"Yes," Serafina said, with a chuckle.
"My congratulations to you and to that old rascal, Prince Blackwell." Dagon rocked back in his chair, laughing.

After breakfast Serafina made preparations to conjure a shield for her trip back to Henge.  She dew a large circle in the dirt around herself, the two soldiers who accompanied her and their three horses.  She walked around the circle with a candle, chanting and thrusting the candle out in various directions.
The people of Helsop stayed in their houses while Serafina worked, keeping their children close.  Electra watched Serafina, fretting over the various tactics Bataar might employ.  Dagon did his best to reassure her of Serafina's ability to protect herself.
Serafina finished her chanting and stood at the center of the circle.  "I must keep within the moving circle now or the spell will be broken."  
She waved goodbye and promised to return for a future visit.  Electra waved and promised the same.  She continued to stand and wave until the little group within the invisible bubble was out of sight.
"I did not realize you were still so attached to Serafina," Dagon said,
"She understands me." Electra continued to watch the trail that Serafina had taken.  "Sometimes I think she is the only one who does."
Electra felt Dagon tense beside her and realized her remark had been thoughtless.  She tried to find something to say that would lessen the sting of her remark.
"I mean she understands that part of me that is like her.  She did raise me to be a sorceress, after all, even though I was hopeless at it," Electra chattered.
"Do you wish you still lived with her?"
"No..., but—I still value her advice."  Electra took Dagon's hand.  "There is something I need to tell you, Dagon.  It is important to me and Serafina is the one who made me realize it."  She looked up at him.  "Perhaps we could take a walk together."
"If it is important to you, it is important to me.  A walk seems a good idea."
  They headed toward the forest as a light rain began to fall.
"Serafina asked me if I would like to study medicine at a real school."  She stopped and sought out his eyes.  "I have always wanted to be a healer."
"You are even now a healer, you are Helsop's only healer," Dagon said.
"There are places I could go to study the science of medicine.  It would mean extending our engagement."  She watched as lines of worry crossed his face.   "It might also mean I would have to leave Helsop for a period of time."
Dagon let go of Electra's hand to run his fingers through his hair. He could not conceal his frown as they walked into the forest.

Chapter 37

Port of Taz

The nomadic nation of Barburee traveled for seven days, passing south through cities and kingdoms that had surrendered to the Great Khan without a fight.  At each city new leaders from the Great Khan's army were put in place to rule and collect tribute for the Great Khan.  The army was camped now outside the seaport city of Taz.  The citizens of Taz, with access to the sea, had refused to capitulate.  They had ships to bring in supplies.  They felt they could withstand a siege, even if surrounded on land by the army of the Great Khan.  They were hunkered down behind the high stone wall that surrounded their gleaming white city in a semi circle that touched the sea on both ends.
The five men of Fernland sat on a hill beside a stream that ran down the hill to Taz.  The men could see the wall, the further half of the city and the unending sea beyond.  But their eyes were not on that unfortunate city.  All eyes were fixed on Take's hands.
Muller watched carefully, if impatiently, while Take shifted a silver coin from one hand to the other, into a pocket and out again, up in the air, then caught, back and forth again, too quickly to track.
"The idea is to make it difficult to follow, but not impossible.  I must have at least one man who guesses correctly." Take's closed fists finally came to rest in front of his chest.  "Now then, where is the coin?"
"Right hand," Bear guessed.
"Left hand?" Smiles asked, unsure.
"No, right hand," Hilgard said.
"Pocket." Muller believed he had seen a slight ridge of silver as an empty hand went into a pocket.
Take beamed at Muller.
"And Muller takes the prize," he announced.  "You are the new magician in charge of charming arrows."
"Not likely." Muller could not hide his pride at guessing correctly.
"Now, I hope one of the Barburee men will do as well, and that man will be my replacement."  Take took the coin from his pocket and flipped it in the air.
"What if he doesn't believe he has any magic abilities?" Bear asked.
"We will convince him that only a magician could have won the contest." Take wore a confident grin.
"Let's get on with the show then," Muller said.  "Hilgard has heard rumors that the generals are meeting this evening to discuss their plans for the siege and I need Hilgard with me. I will try to get the two of us close enough to overhear.
The Fernland men found the archers gathered at the rear of the army encampment.  Hilgard gathered a dozen or so together and tried to explain that they needed an apprentice to learn the method of charming the arrows.  He pointed out that Take would have to leave sometime, and one of them would need to take his place as 'arrow charmer’.  He said they would need someone with a hidden talent for magic and there was only one way to find such a person.  He explained how the test would work.
Many of the men were confused by Hilgard's speech, which no doubt contained many mistakes, but they seemed to understand the final instruction, given in their Barburee tongue.  "Find the coin."  They stood in a half circle as Take approached.  He showed them the coin, walking from man to man so they all knew what to watch for.  Take began slowly, opening his hand from time to time to show them that the coin was still there.  Then his movements began to speed up.  They all watched Take's flying hands intently.  At the end, four of the twelve archers guessed correctly.
"Too many." Take spoke to Hilgard.  "Tell them this is the final test."
Hilgard stumbled through another explanation, but by now the competitive Barburee archers were all on board and eager to begin.  They jeered and poked at one another.  A few of those who had not made the cut seemed to be placing bets.
Take began again.  This time his hands were a blur.  The four finalists leaned forward, scarcely breathing, so intent they were on winning.
Three archers pointed to Take's pocket and one pointed slowly to Take's left hand.
"We have a winner," Take shouted, slowly uncurling his left hand to reveal the silver coin.  He flipped the coin to the archer who had guessed correctly and the man caught it happily.  His fellow archers batted him about playfully, making feints at his coin.
Take began to tell the man, whose name was Yeke, what would be required of him, while Hilgard translated.
As Yeke began to memorize words that had no meaning for him, Muller pulled Take aside.
"You've got him started now.  You can get along without Hilgard, can't you?"
"I suppose." Take shrugged.  "I don't see what use information about the siege of Taz would be to King Geoffrey though."
"That's the thing about information, isn't it?" Muller placed his hand on Take's shoulder.  "One never knows what might be important, so one must find out as much as one can."

Muller gestured for Hilgard to follow him and they made their long way back through the encamped army to the forward tents that housed the Great Khan and his generals.
Muller put up his hand to stop Hilgard when he saw several generals walking together.  The light was failing as evening settled in and it was easy to follow them inconspicuously.  They made for a large round tent at the army's leading edge.  Muller turned to the right and ended at an area behind the meeting tent next to a group of women gathering up their laundered garments from the edge of the stream.
The women seemed to pay them no mind.  Muller knelt down by the stream and splashed water onto his face, chatting with Hilgard about their day's events.  When the women had gone, the two men drifted nearer the tent and stood quietly, listening.
Hilgard stood with his ear almost touching the tent.  "I can't make out much.  I think they're talking about the stream.  No, wait, they're talking about the people of Taz—how long they can last without water."
"Without water?" Muller repeated.
"I think so.  Wait.  Now they're back to discussing the stream."  He listened quietly for a few minutes.  "They are going to try to divert the stream away from Taz!"
So intent were the two men in hearing the plans for the siege of Taz, they were unaware of the forms moving toward them in the dark until the guards were upon them.
Three soldiers with swords drawn motioned for Muller and Hilgard to follow them.

Chapter 38

Between Helsop and Henge

Serafina and her two guards, Toff and Smithe, traveled inside the circumference of their protective bubble.  A sound like the buzzing of a million bees surrounded them.  Though all was calm within their cocoon, a swirling wind of immense power encircled them. A gentle rain soon turned into a downpour that ran down the invisible sides of the bubble.  Every few hours Serafina dismounted to strengthen their shield with invocations to the north, south, east and west.  As the shield strengthened, the sound of the circling wind rose to a roaring, cascading sound, not unlike a huge waterfall.
"I believe an attack is likely," Serafina shouted over the din.  "We will be protected from without, but must take care not to break the shield from within."
Smithe and Toff acknowledged her order with a salute, but still swept the trail ahead and behind with their eyes.  When they stopped for a meal they hobbled their horses to keep them from breaking the shield.  They were riding beside a field strewn with boulders and piles of debris left by a retreating glacier when the horses began to balk and toss their heads.  Something was making the horses nervous.  The soldiers blamed the incessant drone of the swirling winds.  Serafina looked to where the horses looked.   Up ahead a wall of boulders lined their trail.  Boulders large enough to conceal several men and horses.
Serafina signaled a halt.  She dismounted and fed each of the skittish horses a carrot, brushing their manes to sooth them.  Smithe and Toff saw her attention focused on the rocks ahead.  Smithe reached for his bow, but Serafina stayed his hand with her own.
"We may have company soon.  We will be safe inside the shield."  She looked at both men to be sure they understood.
The men seemed hard pressed to trust her on this point, but they made no further attempt to arm themselves.  They all watched the wall of rocks.
With loud, high pitched battle cries, the Barburee men galloped out from behind the rocks.  They shot their first arrows as soon as they were clear of the rocks.  Bataar led the way, riding at full speed.  Smithe and Toff drew their swords, but kept to the center of the shield, each with one hand on his horse's bridle.
The first arrows to reach the shield were whisked away by the churning vortex.  A rain of arrows followed and were thrown off in a counterclockwise direction, as the Barburee men closed in.  The expressions of the Barburee men were fearsome,  the blood lust clearly written in their eyes, the hunger to kill a palpable thing.
"Hold.  Hold," Serafina called out to her two guards, her arm raised in an effort to arrest their instinct to fight back.
Bataar's horse hit the vortex first and was flipped off his hooves, flinging Bataar from his saddle.  The six men behind him veered off quickly before they, too, were caught in the full force of the rushing wind.  Bataar was soon up and running toward his dazed horse.  He shouted to his men in the Barburee tongue.  Long Life Destroyer paused only a second before charging the vortex.  Both horse and rider were flung aside like rag dolls, the horse coming down on Long Life's leg, breaking it at the knee.
Bataar called a halt.  He wiped the rain and mud from his face and stared at Serafina, dry and relaxed within her shield. The five who could still ride circled the vortex, testing for a break in the shield.  Bataar ground his teeth in frustration and rage.
He unsheathed his long, curved knife and dismounted.  He walked around the perimeter of the vortex, testing its strength with the blade of his knife, holding it fast against the pull of the wind.  Then he began to run alongside the swirling wind, faster and faster, his feet splashing water as high as his waist, trying to match its speed.  When he could run no faster, he jumped into the invisible shield, jamming his knife into the unseen barrier.
The knife caught in some transparent substance within the shield.  Bataar was pulled from his feet, still grasping the handle of the knife.  He flew with the wind, still holding fast to the knife, screaming with fury.  Just as it seemed his arm would be torn from his body, he let go and was flung far out to land in a heap beside the boulders.
The knife continued to swirl around the three encapsulated within the shield, its point imbedded in the invisible bubble.
The Barburee men rode to the aid of their leader, who waved them away angrily.  Long Life Destroyer had crawled back to his horse, and one of the men helped him into his saddle.  Bataar stood up and limped back to the vortex.  He called out an order and his men rode into a nearby grove of trees.  They came back shortly with armfuls of pine cones.
Bataar took an arrow and shoved the tip into a pine cone.  He shielded the cone with his body and set it afire with a flint. Then he shot the blazing cone into the vortex.  The flaming cone was flung out, still burning, to land far down the road.  Bataar was still not ready to give up.  He tested his new weapon as he had his knife, running alongside the rushing wind, then jamming the blazing cone into the vortex.  The arrow with its skewered pine cone was caught up as the knife had been, but the flame was snuffed out before it could have an effect.
Bataar stood, soaked and tattered, catching his breath.  He pointed his finger at Serafina.  He then drew the same finger across his throat.  His meaning seemed clear.  Serafina stood calmly within her shield and smiled at Bataar.
Bataar gave one last threatening glance, then turned and signaled to his men.  They rode off behind the wall of boulders and into the trees beyond.
Serafina walked the circumference of the shield, chanting, then turned to her guards.
"They will not return today.  Let us continue on."  She mounted her horse and the guards did the same.  If they kept to their schedule, they would reach Henge before dark.

As dusk drained the landscape of color, Henge City came into view.  A soldier high on a castle parapet signaled their arrival with a loud bugle call.  Serafina saw Prince Blackwell appear at a tower window.  He waved at her.  Serafina dismounted and walked around the circle of her shield, reversing the spell that had conjured up the vortex.  The swirling wind died and the revolving knife and pine cone fell to the ground.  She dismissed Smithe and Toff and watched as they raced to the barracks, eager to share the story of their adventure with their comrades.  They passed Prince Blackwell, who was riding out to meet his wife, and stopped just long enough to salute.
"Did I see some sort of  tornado surrounding you?"  Prince Blackwell asked as he reached Serafina and dismounted.
"I conjured a vortex to shield us.  A group of Barburee ambassadors were bent on our destruction."
Prince Blackwell caught his breath.  "They attacked you?"
"With a vengeance.  They seem especially testy about practitioners of sorcery.  I believe they may have designs on Henge as well."
"They have sealed their deaths.  I will send a regiment out to capture them."
"The Barburee army is vast.  Certainly you could kill these men, but one is the son of the Great Khan.  Killing him might bring only a transient satisfaction.  He fears me because I am a sorceress.  I believe building on that fear may be a better course to follow."
"For what they attempted, they must die."  Prince Blackwell seemed unwilling to waver on that point.
"No need to go after them.  They will come here to try again.  And I plan to be ready for them." Serafina touched Prince Blackwell's cheek and smiled.
"We will speak of it later." Prince Blackwell pulled Serafina close and held her in his embrace.  "For now, we must celebrate your homecoming."  

Chapter 39

Port of Taz

Muller and Hilgard sat beside the stream bed that now carried only a trickle of water.  From their hillside perch they could see Taz spread out like little white blocks at the edge of a blue sea.  Ships large and small arrived and departed at regular intervals.  The port city went about its business as usual behind its high, thick wall.  Soldiers who looked like toys from a distance, were busy fortifying the wall.  They were setting up huge vats this morning, which would likely be filled with hot oil when needed.  Some sort of scaffolding on the inside of the wall allowed archers to stand and shoot with only their upper bodies exposed to return arrows.  Fires burned at regular intervals along the top of the great wall.
On the Barburee-occupied hillside, preparations for a siege were in motion.  The stream no longer flowed down the hill and into Taz.  Barburee engineers had successfully diverted the stream which now ran down the north side of the hill and out onto the plain.  The wall which protected the inhabitants of Taz now blocked them from their supply of fresh water.  A catapult was under construction at the base of the hill, just out of range from the archers patrolling the wall.  Beside the catapult, a tower of sorts was also under construction.  The tower consisted of an enclosed staircase that enabled a man to walk up to the height of the wall.  Presumably the tower would be pushed into place next to the wall when the invasion began.  Another cluster of men worked building ladders to scale the walls.
Hilgard and Muller were unsure of their status as prisoners.  If they tried to walk too far from the stream bed, a guard would motion them back with a sword.  A woman had brought their breakfast, but she either had not understood Hilgard's questions, or just did not care to answer them.  The guards ignored any attempts at conversation.  The two spies hoped the fact that they were still being treated with courtesy bode well for their eventual release.  In the meantime, they watched the preparations for war with interest and listened in on conversations when they could.
"Once Barburee takes Taz there will be no stopping them.  They can go by sea to attack anywhere," Hilgard said.
"I don't see it." Muller shielded his eyes from the rising sun.  "Barburee is too attached the their nomadic way of life.  I don't see them giving up their horses for shipboard life."
"Then why are they so bent on taking a port city?"
Muller gave a small shrug of his shoulders.  "It gives them the ability to buy and sell more goods.  It could be that.  Although they seem quite self-sufficient as they are.  I don't know.  But now that they have chosen to conquer Taz, it might mean the port of Henge is safe for a while.  And that could mean Fernland is also safe for now."
"It seemed they wanted Fernland as their ally, not their enemy." Hilgard shook his boot and a small pebble fell out.
Muller frowned at Hilgard.  "There is little difference.  The working class might be spared if an alliance is formed, but the Great Khan would place his own people in positions of power.  The royal family, if they were allowed to live, would be nothing more than figureheads."
Hilgard seemed uncomfortable with their discussion.  He was not a soldier or a strategist.  He had hoped his study of languages would afford him an interesting life of adventure and discovery, but being held prisoner was not his idea of adventure.  He pulled his boot back over his foot and moved closer to the empty stream bed.
"What do you suppose would happen if we were to walk down the stream bed a ways?"
"We would be herded back at the point of a sword," Muller said without hesitation.
"I'm not so sure.  They are treating us well.  We have food and water.  No one has threatened us."
Muller, still seated, lay back on the grass with his hands behind his head.  "Relax.  Eventually they will send someone round."  He turned his head to make sure Hilgard was listening to him.  "Just make sure you stick to the story we've agree on."  Muller closed his eyes and after a few minutes Hilgard joined him on the grass.

Several hours later, a harried Twenty Quivers showed up at their place by the stream bed.  His irritation with the two Fernlanders showed in his stance.  He leaned forward with elbows out, hands on his hips.
"Guards say you listen at command tent.  Is not good.  You hear Great Khan what say to generals.  Not good.  Not good."
"We heard voices but not what they were saying," Muller insisted.
"Why you there, listen voices?"
"We saw you go into the tent.  We wanted to talk to you but we didn't want to interrupt the meeting.  We were waiting for the meeting to finish."
"Why you wait back of tent?"
"It looked like important people going into the tent.  We didn't want to interfere or act like we were trying to attend the meeting."
Twenty Quivers frowned and shook his head.  "Is very bad, waiting behind tent."  He walked around in a little circle.  "What you wait say to me?"
"We wanted to let you know we were training archers to take over the job of charming the arrows.  We found one man who had the magic needed for the task."
Twenty Quivers seemed mildly interested in this statement.  "Barburee archer?"  Then he shook his head again and shrugged.  "Soldiers will tell all, no need you to tell me."
"We're very sorry for the misunderstanding."  Muller bowed his head.
"Great Khan say you maybe hear what is secret from Taz."
"No, we heard nothing."
"Twenty Quivers do what Great Khan say.  He say make you stay here.  Siege finish, you go then."
"But that could take months," Muller argued.  "We have nothing more to do, now that the arrows are all made good."
Twenty Quivers shrugged.  "I go now.  I much work doing.  You get food?"
Muller and Hilgard both nodded, their expressions full of regret.
Twenty Quivers raised his hands in the air, as if to say, ‘I have no way to help you.'  He turned and quickly walked away.
"I suppose it could have been worse news," Muller said.
"I don't see how." Hilgard walked over to the grassy area by the stream bed and sat down.
Muller walked over and sat next to him.  "At least we will have more time to gather information to take back to King Geoffrey."
Hilgard gave Muller an angry look and turned his attention to a weed growing in amongst the grass.

Chapter 40

Village of Helsop

Electra sat in the chart room at the back of the clinic, drawing the paw print of a wolf on a piece of paper.  With or without Dagon's blessing she would study medicine and this wolf print was the first step in her elaborate plan to do so.  If he did not see how important this was to her, he certainly did not love her as he claimed. 
Dagon pretended to care what she wanted but his concern for Helsop's people would not allow a fair hearing.  He saw only the threat to his village, should she leave, and the fragile alliance with Fernland that would surely fall apart in her absence.  He was right of course, with Electra gone, King Geoffrey would try to undo the alliance that had been forced upon him.  But with this new threat from Barburee, King Geoffrey might want to keep his alliance with Helsop.  The whole world of alliances was constantly in flux as far as she could see, and therefore out of her control. 
She heard a noise in the clinic and rushed in to check on her two patients.  The two guards from the stockade had been knocked unconscious by Bataar's men and brought here to the clinic.  One of the guards, Althar, was moving on his cot.  Electra put her hand on his shoulder.
"Take care, you are in the clinic.  You have been unconscious."
The man's eyes flitted about and finally settled on Electra.
"What happened to me?"
"You were hit on the head by one of the Barburee men.  You have been asleep."
The man struggled to sit up but Electra eased him back down on the cot.
"You must go slow.  Your head is injured."
"But the prisoners..." Althar stammered.
"Gone.  Your friend Odin was injured as well.  He is there on the next cot."  She pointed in Odin's direction.
Althar turned his head to look at his fellow soldier.  "Will he be all right?"
"I hope so.  You are the first to regain consciousness.  Do you remember what happened?"
Althar shook his head.  "I remember hearing a noise."
"Do you remember your name?"
Althar looked offended.  "Of course.  I am Althar."
"That is good.  Sometimes a blow to the head steals one's memory."
Electra moved her hand from Althar's shoulder and helped him to sit up.
"Do you think you could eat something?"
"I need to get back to the stockade.  I must go after the prisoners."
"You have been unconscious for a night and a day.  The soldiers have already tracked the prisoners and given their report to Dagon."
Althar held his head in his hands and closed his eyes.
"Does your head hurt?"
He nodded slowly.
"It might be good to stay in bed a while longer.  I will make you an infusion for the pain."
Electra walked back to the chart room to brew an herbal tea for her patient.  He would recover, she decided.  It was a good sign that he remembered hearing a noise just before he was hit on the head.
When she returned with tea infused with a mixture of herbs, Isa was talking to Althar.  She wondered if Isa had really come to check on Althar, or if that was just an excuse.  Dagon often sent his sister to speak to Electra after a disagreement.
"Isa, you are well, I hope."  Electra sat at the end of Althar's cot.
"Yes, quite well.  I am happy to see Althar awake."  She turned back to Althar.  "We were concerned for your welfare."
Althar took the tea Electra handed him and sipped it slowly, watching the two women.
Isa smiled at Electra.  "I missed you while you were away in Fernland."
Electra thought that was probably true.  Isa had been one of the first people Electra had met in Helsop.  Her son, Timor, had come to find Electra as his mother lay close to death after giving birth to his little brother.  Isa insisted that Electra had saved her life.  They had been friends since that day.  But Isa was also Dagon's sister.  Dagon was first and foremost a soldier and Helsop's headman.  When it came to dealing with women, he looked to Isa for advice.  He had probably told her Electra was bent on leaving to study medicine and he needed Isa's help to change her mind.
"Dagon says you are thinking of leaving Helsop to study medicine."
Electra sighed, irritated that she must now defend her decision to Isa.  "Yes, I am."
"You are already so proficient in your knowledge of herbs and remedies, I would estimate you capable of starting your own school."
Electra laughed at Isa's blatant attempt at flattery.  "And you are most proficient in your duties as Dagon's ambassador."
Isa laughed as well and the tension between them eased a bit.
"I know Dagon does not want me to leave, but the idea of studying medicine has captivated me,” Electra said.
"I understand.  You are a person who values knowledge, a most admirable trait.  I believe Dagon fears you might never return to him, once you have fulfilled your dream."
"I have made Helsop my home.  That is a commitment I do not take lightly."
"Two years is a very long time to be away." Isa said.
"For one engrossed in one's work, two years will fly by."
"I feel every word we speak makes you more determined in your plan," Isa said, with a sigh.  "Actually, I envy you your passion."
Althar, who looked uncomfortable listening to what he likely considered a private conversation, gave a loud belch and handed his empty cup to Electra.  "I am feeling better.  Thank you.  I believe I should return to the stockade now."
He stood up shakily and made his way carefully to the door of the clinic, then continued to walk carefully in the direction of the command post.
Electra looked at Isa and smiled.  "A soldier can not abide talk of feelings, can he?"
They both chuckled at the truth of the statement.  Isa stood up to leave.
"Certainly Dagon can not," Isa said.  "But this time he must.  I will not argue against what you have set your heart upon."
Electra placed a cold wet cloth on Odin's head as Isa walked out the door.  Then she sat down to wait.
As she had predicted, a few minutes later Dagon walked through the door of the clinic.  He looked at Electra a little sheepishly.
"Could we have another go at that talk?" he asked.
Electra nodded and headed for the chart room.

Chapter 41

Village of Helsop

Dagon and Electra sat on either side of the small table in the chart room, each reluctant to be the first to speak.  Dagon finally began with what he hoped was an innocuous question.
"Tell me what precipitated this notion to learn medicine."
Electra coughed softly.  "It was part of a larger plan."
"A larger plan," Dagon repeated, steeling himself for whatever revelations lay ahead.
"Yes,  a plan to remove myself as a pawn in this game of war and alliances."
Dagon looked stricken.  "Are you speaking of Helsop's alliance with Fernland?"
"No of course not."  Electra gave a little flip of her hand.  "In that case, I was a willing participant, not a pawn.  I am speaking of the threat to Henge and the alliance between Barburee and Fernland."
Dagon opened his mouth to speak, thought better of it, and closed his mouth.  He shook his head and tried again.
"You feel you are being used as a pawn by Bataar and King Geoffrey?"
"Yes, of course I am.  Marriage to a king's daughter always seems the first step in cementing an alliance. Why?  I do not know and I certainly wish it were otherwise, but there it is."
Dagon thought for a moment before replying.  "I still see distressing similarities to Helsop's alliance with Fernland, but since you make an exception of that, I will leave it.  Please continue.  What is this larger plan and how did you come up with it?"
"Actually, it was Serafina's idea.  She is more far-thinking than I."
At the mention of Serafina's name, Dagon frowned and seemed to fight with himself in an effort to hold his tongue.  He finally nodded and waited for Electra to continue.
"You see, do you not, that if I do nothing, Bataar will expect that he and I will marry to seal this nominal alliance between Barburee and Fernland, and further, that any current fiancés—you, for instance—must be gotten rid of."
"I hope this plan is not your attempt to protect me from the likes of Bataar," Dagon said, as gently as he could manage with his anger mounting.
"There are more factors to be taken into account."
Dagon decided simply nodding seemed a good strategy, and did so again.
"If I, or my father on my behalf, refused his offer of marriage outright, this would be grounds for forfeiting the alliance between Barburee and Fernland.  That might provoke a war against Fernland as well as Henge."
"So you lose either way," Dagon said, listening intently.
"Exactly.  Not that Geoffrey wants an alliance with Barburee.  He does not, certainly.  But of course war with Barburee would be much worse."
Dagon nodded again, sensing there was more to come.
"Serafina is not so naive that she sees a way out of war if Barburee is intent on it, but she did suggest a way out for me," Electra continued.
Dagon leaned forward, nodding eagerly, hoping they were finally close to the actual plan.
"If I were dead, I would not influence the negotiations in either direction.  I would be free to do as I pleased as long as no one suspected I was still alive."
Dagon stared at Electra and stopped himself from nodding at such insanity.
"Your plan is to pretend to be dead?"
"Yes!"  Electra relaxed into a smile.
Dagon looked at Electra in disbelief, choosing his next words carefully.
"Usually, a body is required to silence any speculation."
"And here we have the best part of the plan.  There is a cliff not far from the castle in Fernland.  At its base is a deep stretch of river.  I will carve a piece of wood to make wolf tracks and it will look as though I was chased off the cliff and into the river by a pack of wolves."  She raised her palms.  "No body—it will have been swept off into the river."
Dagon ran his fingers through his hair and closed his eyes.
"And then you will disappear off to this school of medicine for two years so no one will suspect you survived."
"Yes, exactly!" Electra appeared delighted with his understanding.  "And the best part is that it is something that I wish to do anyway."  Electra reached over and placed her hands on top of Dagon's hands.  "With all my heart."
Dagon managed a small smile.  "At least if it does come to war, you would be safely away."
Electra looked alarmed at this new twist.
"But if it comes to war, I would return with such knowledge as I have garnered.  I would want to be here to attend to the wounded."
"Would Serafina be so inclined?  I fear you are too sympathetic to others to ever measure up to her ideal."  He squeezed her hands and stood up.  "Let me think on all you have said.  I will not try to dissuade you unless I see a reason your plan is likely to backfire and cause you harm."  Dagon hesitated.   "But you do know you will take away my heart if you leave."
"As I told Isa, Helsop is now my home.  I will return."
They walked back to the front of the clinic, hand in hand.  A messenger waited near the clinic door.  He saluted as soon as he saw Electra.
"I have an urgent message from Her Majesty Queen Delphinia."
Electra tore away the seal and opened the rolled parchment.

My Darling Electra,
I hope this message finds you and Bataar already on your way back to Fernland.
Bataar's wife has come from Barburee with a message from Bataar's father, The Great Khan.
Odval speaks almost no English and I am at my wit's end as to how to entertain her. Please, please, make haste back to Fernland.
Your Adoring Mother, Delphinia

Electra handed the message to Dagon after reading it.
"Ah, the first wife.  No doubt she is most anxious to meet you." Dagon's eyes twinkled with amusement.
Electra grimaced. "I suppose I have no choice but to go and make her acquaintance."

Chapter 42

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina hurried along the wharves of Henge City to the dock where a newly arrived ship was tying up.  The ship, named the Jungle Queen, came into port just once a year, carrying a variety of exotic items—furs, pelts, spices, jewels, gold, hard woods, papyrus, dyes, fruits and live animals.  Dark skinned men shouted to one another in a variety of dialects as they furled the great sails and tied thick lines to timbers on the dock.
Serafina waited for the first man to jump down from the tall ship.
"English?"  she asked.
The man shook his head and pointed to another man, still aboard ship, who leaned over the rail, shouting orders.  He wore an orange tunic and a matching orange turban wrapped around his head.  Serafina waved to him.  When he looked in her direction, she shouted, "English?"
The turbaned man waved back and held up his hand with his fingers spread out.  His voice was drowned out by the noise around him, but Serafina made out the words he mouthed.  "Five minutes."  She nodded and backed away from the ship to wait.
Five minutes later the gangplank was lowered and the man in the orange turban was the first to walk down.  He greeted Serafina with a gesture that touched his index finger to his forehead, then to his chin, then his heart, finishing with a short bow.
"Farique the Trader at your service, madam," he said.
"Thank you Farique.  I wish to inspect your live cargo."
"I am your servant," he replied, graciously.  He motioned to the gang plank.  "After you, madam."
Once aboard, Serafina could hear the cries of caged animals within the bowels of the ship.  She could make out the shrieks of monkeys, the sharp whistles of birds and the growls and grunts of larger beasts.  They stepped down a ladder and into a dark area that smelled of wet fur and fear.  She passed the cages of angry animals, cowering animals, exotic colorful birds.  Then she slowed to look into a cage that appeared empty in the dark shadows of the boat's hull.  The animal inside was the exact color of the shadows surrounding it until its head turned to reveal cold green luminous eyes.  Serafina peered into the cage, her own green eyes alive with excitement.
"This one will do.  You have men who will carry her to the castle?"
"This one is a great treasure.  Very expensive."  Farique appeared eager to begin negotiations.
Serafina took out a purse full of gold coins and handed three to Farique.  Farique bowed again and smiled.  
"We will bring her up to the castle at once."  He snapped his fingers and two men came out from the shadows.

Serafina rushed back to the castle to prepare a place for her new acquisition.  As she passed by the archery field, Prince Blackwell saw her.  He excused himself from his father's conversation and crossed over the field to meet her.
"Where have you been?"  he asked.
"I have bought a large cat," she answered.
Something about her answer roused suspicion within Prince Blackwell.
"How large?"
Serafina smiled.  "Very large."  
They watched the field as an archer shot an arrow with a tube attached.  It exploded with a loud boom and a wooden target ceased to exist.
"The trials are going well." Prince Blackwell seemed pleased.  "We have adapted the cylinders for use in our catapults."
"So I see.  No doubt your father has now increased his scope of influence accordingly."
Blackwell laughed.  "Indeed, you have saved me from hearing about his newest plans for conquest."  He paused for a moment, perhaps wondering if he should even ask.  "And what plans have you for this very large cat?"
"She is to be my own hope for conquest.  My victory over a persistent enemy from Barburee."
Little furrows of worry gathered on Prince Blackwell's brow.  "This sounds dangerous."
"I plan to draw Bataar in, then surprise him with an image of myself he will not soon forget."
"I have increased our patrols on every front.  There is no way Bataar will be able to come near you."
"I encourage him to come near me.  He must walk brazenly into my trap.  The guards must stay away.  He will continue to fear one who does not require guards."
"I will not allow you to risk your life," Blackwell said.
"I assure you, the risk will be his alone.  When have I misjudged an opponent?"
Prince Blackwell shook his head.  "Later you will tell me your plan and I will decide."

Serafina was ready with a bucket of raw chunks of beef when her cat arrived, snarling and hissing.  She led the bearers to a cozy garden area just inside the castle wall.  One side was bounded by the high castle wall, two sides by a curving pond, and the last by a thick stand of evergreens.  She tipped the bearers, who left happy, and sat alone with her cat.
She spoke to it in a soothing voice as she tossed pieces of meat into the cage.
"I will come every day to feed you, my pet.  You will never be hungry or thirsty again.  When we have become friends, I will free you from your cage."
The animal stared at her with its unblinking eyes, watching the movements of her hand as she tossed the meat, memorizing the smell of the hand that fed her.

Chapter 43

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina and Prince Blackwell sat together in their sunny breakfast room as one of the palace guards delivered his report.
"We have followed their tracks to the edge of the city.  There we left off as ordered.  We could capture or kill them now without much difficulty."
"Very good.  Take no further action at this time."  Prince Blackwell dismissed the guard with a gesture.
The man saluted and left the room.
"You heard him." Blackwell searched Serafina's face for some sign of capitulation.  "Bataar could be dead by lunchtime and your problem resolved."
Serafina flicked her hand as though brushing away crumbs in the air.  "My problem, as you call it, will be resolved soon enough, and it will be a resolution of my own making.  I want Bataar to carry back a warning to the Great Khan."
"A dead son is its own warning."
"A dead son will provoke revenge in a father's heart.  A powerful sorceress, one that cannot be killed, will provoke careful consideration of the risks involved in mounting an attack." Serafina took a sip of tea.
"And what of reports that our castle is poorly guarded?"
"All the more reason for them to assume powerful magic is the primary protection.  And magic is a thing they cannot conquer with their usual weapons."
"Let us leave the arena of military strategy then," Blackwell persisted.  "I see too much danger in the plan you have devised.  You can not be sure the animal will not attack you before it attacks Bataar.  It has only known you for a few days.  It is still quite wild."
"She is an intelligent animal.  I know her mind."
"Bataar will suspect a trap.  He has sent scouts to observe your daily routine.  The absence of guards at your garden hideaway will arouse his suspicions."
"He may suspect a trap, but he will come, nonetheless.  He means to kill me or die trying."
"Suppose he does die in his attempt.  You will have risked your life for nothing."
"Then I will defer to your judgment in the future." 
Prince Blackwell could not hide his surprise at this last statement.  He looked suspiciously at Serafina, but her face held only her usual cool, detached expression.  
"Truly!  I did not take you for a gambler!  But here is a wager I do not wish to win."
Prince Blackwell supposed further arguments would be to no avail so he stood and spoke  with as much grace as he could muster.
"I will order my guards to stand down but I myself will be hidden nearby.  That is the biggest concession my heart will allow."
"As you will, My Lord." Serafina stood as well.
"Hurmmp!  As I will indeed."  Prince Blackwell left frowning.

Serafina went out as usual at dusk with her bucket of beef.  Before taking her usual seat on the bench facing away from the castle wall, she unhooked the long leash that tied her cat to the large fir tree.  Though free, the cat kept to the shadows of the tree, sniffing the air for dinner smells.  The black cat caught the first chunk of beef in the air and gulped it down.  The second piece of meat, she chewed before swallowing.
Serafina heard the slight rustle of horses hooves advancing quietly behind the castle wall.  She unhooked her cape and held it in place with the pressure of her body.  The cat, too, was aware of the horse behind the castle wall.  The cat's eyes began to dilate and her body grew taut.  She caught the next piece of meat and held it in her mouth, listening before swallowing.
With a tiny squeak of leather, the rider was standing on his horse outside the wall.  The horse was well-trained to silence, but its breathing was audible.  A slight slapping noise, a noise that could have been a fish jumping in the pond, brought the rider to the top of the wall.
Serafina sat very still until she heard the bow string draw tight, then she slipped soundlessly down from the bench into the shadows, leaving her black cloak pressed against the wrought iron back of the bench.
The arrow whistled through the air, catching the hood of the cloak where Serafina's head had rested just a second before.  The cloak was swept from the bench by the tip of the arrow.  It came to rest in the fir tree, where a black shadow with large black eyes rimmed in green rose up from beneath the pinned cloak.
Bataar was sure he had seen the sorceress transform into a huge black cat, a cat now measuring him with merciless eyes.  Before he could pull another arrow from his quiver the animal sprang at him.  
Bataar had never seen a black panther before.  He stared an instant too long at this miraculous beast. Only seconds before it had been a sorceress.  That instant cost him dearly.  The cat lunged for his throat and missed by inches.  Bataar was already in the air, jumping down to his terrified, but well trained horse, when the panther's claw raked his back.   
Bataar and the panther heard the soft whistle at the same time.  Bataar assumed it came from the black beast.  The panther recognized the whistle as her call to feed.  She balanced on the top of the castle wall, teetering to stop her lunge for the horse and man creature that had invaded her territory.  She turned and jumped off the wall into the garden with a soft thud, her tail still twitching and her ears laid back flat against her head.
The panther walked back slowly to the fir tree, savoring her freedom.  She licked the blood from her claw, her eyes still dark pools, and sniffed the air.  Serafina tossed chunks of meat high into the air and the panther picked them off smoothly, one by one.
Prince Blackwell stood up from his hiding place further down the wall.  Serafina cautioned him not to come too close until the cat had eaten her fill.  When the cat finally lay down with a full stomach and closed her eyes, Serafina reattached the leash and went to join Prince Blackwell.
"I believe I aged five years in as many minutes." He held Serafina close.
"You need not have worried so.  Ebony performed beautifully."
"She has a name now?"
"She deserves one.  She will no doubt star in Bataar's dreams for many nights to come."
"I have ordered my men to escort the Barburee men from our territory by whatever means they deem sufficient."  Blackwell held up his hand to quell the anger he saw rising in his wife's face.  "Do not worry.  I have ordered them not to kill Bataar.  But these Barburians will not escape Henge without some reminders of their foolishness."
"Very well.  I appreciate such forbearance as you have shown."  Serafina looked away from Prince Blackwell out into the night sky, filled now with glowing stars.  "I believe the Great Khan has the next move in this game of thrusts and parlays."

Chapter 44

Port of Taz

Take the Thief watched as his apprentice, Yeke, charmed an arrow.  Take encouraged him to be generous when sprinkling the water.  If Take saw white powder in the air, he would move in with sprinkles of his own.  None of the archers would try launching an arrow attached to a tube of explosives before Yeke pronounced it 'charmed.'  The archers were all converts now to the power of magic.  Since Yeke had begun charming the arrows, none of the bamboo tubes had exploded prematurely.
Take saw Twenty Quivers approaching.  Finally!  Muller and Hilgard had not returned from their last spying expedition.  Bear and Smiles had searched for them, but having no knowledge of the Barburee language, and given the immense size of the Great Khan's army, they had been unsuccessful in finding them.  Take hoped that Twenty Quivers could shed some light on the whereabouts of the missing men.
Twenty Quivers greeted Take with a hand shake.  "My men say you charm arrows.  All good arrows now."
"Yes, things are going well.  I have taught Yeke how to charm the arrows.  I believe we could leave things in his hands now and return to Fernland."
"Yes.  Good.  We try now.  All come with me."
"Actually, it's just the three of us here.  We haven't seen Muller and Hilgard for a few days.  I hoped you might know where they are."
"They stay.  After siege they leave," Twenty Quivers said.  "We go now."
Take wondered what Twenty Quivers meant.  Had Muller asked to stay so he could report what he saw to King Geoffrey?  Did Hilgard want a chance to learn more of the Barburee language?
"Do you know where they are?" Take tried again.
"Yes.  Both.  They stay.  Go when siege finish."
Take saw that more questions would have to wait as Twenty Quivers was already giving orders for the archers to get their horses and follow him.  The men scurried about gathering their bows, arrows, shields, bamboo tubes and powders.
Take called to Bear and Smiles and the three magicians caught up to Twenty Quivers.  They had no idea where they were going.  The archery field was the only safe place for a demonstration.
They made their way from the back of the encamped army to the front lines on horseback.  They passed through the city of tents and a series of practice fields.  Men practiced with swords, axes, catapults and spears.  Children ran helter skelter among the tents both on foot and on horseback.  Livestock roamed the grassy patches.  Women washed, cooked, sewed, talked in groups.  Some horses and camels roamed at will, others were tied to tents or stakes.  Blacksmiths, butchers, a variety of craftsmen plied their trades and bartered with one another.  The siege of Taz seemed to have little effect on the interior life of the encampment.  As the archers drew close to the front lines, this changed.
Taz spread out below them.  The inhabitants of the port city were acutely aware of the siege.  Their supply of fresh water had been cut off.  The Great Khan's army filled the hills that backed their city.  Soldiers from Taz lined the top of the wall which  protected the city from attacks by land.  Twenty Quivers called a halt when he reached the forward edge of the army's sprawl.  He shouted out orders to the teams of archers.  They dismounted and gathered around him.  The Great Khan himself stepped out from his ornate tent at the forward edge of the encampment and nodded at Twenty Quivers.  He wore the same clothes as his soldiers, except that his leather hat was trimmed in gold.  He was a heavy man with a slight beard and a dignified manner.  Whatever was about to happen, he was there to witness it.
A wide valley separated the Barburee army from the city of Taz.  The Great Khan and his army could see beyond the city to the busy port where incoming ships were arriving to be unloaded and outgoing ships carried passengers, mostly women and children, heading for ports unknown.  The back half of the city was hidden behind the high outer wall.
Twenty Quivers gave a command to the waiting archers.  Yeke and four others picked up their shields and armaments and walked down the gently sloping hill to the valley below.
A flurry of activity on the wall surrounding Taz followed the archers' descent onto the valley floor.  Archers from the city of Taz streamed to the top of the wall. Soldiers atop the wall shouted and waved frantically to unseen people behind the wall as they pushed a catapult into place.  
When the Barburee archers were halfway across the valley, a barrage of arrows greeted them.  As soon as the Barburee archers were within range of the wall, they stopped and readied themselves behind their shields.
Yeke began to dance and throw handfuls of water around the archers just as Take had taught him.  The man with the bucket of water caught an arrow in his boot as he tried to keep up with Yeke.  The arrow must have lodged in the curved tip of his pointed boot as it didn't seem to slow him down.  At the completion of Yeke's ceremony, the three archers advanced toward the wall, peering over their shields.  They quickly took aim, waited to have the wicks on the bamboo tubes lit and let their charmed arrows fly.
The arrows all exploded on impact.  One hit the edge of a wooden frame holding a huge vat.  The wood exploded outward, taking the wooden frame apart.  The vat, empty of oil, teetered on its rounded base momentarily, then toppled over the wall.  The other two arrows both hit the catapult and exploded, tearing out pieces of wood, knocking two soldiers over the wall and leaving a pile of burning wreckage behind.
While the soldiers of Taz were stunned to inaction by what they had just witnessed, the Barburee hillside was alive with cheering and celebration.  The Great Khan walked toward the remaining archers and spoke to Twenty Quivers.  Twenty Quivers beamed with gratitude over the Khan's commendation.  He gestured in Take's direction and bowed to the Great Khan.  The Great Khan acknowledged Take with a nod and went back to his command tent.
Take was of two minds about his success.  He felt sympathy for the people of Taz who were victims of this army come to destroy them.  He was surely fighting on the wrong side, yet he celebrated the little victory of the charmed arrows.  He had the feeling that for the Barburee people, war was a way of life that most never questioned.  Hopefully his part in this madness was now over. 
Twenty Quivers put his hand on Take's shoulder.
"Good, good.  Great Khan much happy."
He pulled an ornately embroidered purse from his robe and handed it to Take.
Take opened the heavy purse and looked inside. It was filled to the brim with  gold coins.  He was so surprised he almost dropped the purse.
"This is all for me?" 
"Yes.  Great Khan thanks.  You now go or stay.  You choose."
"We will go." Take looked over his shoulder to find Bear and Smiles.  He wondered if they had seen the exchange of gold.

Chapter 45

Port of Taz

Take put the purse of gold coins in his tunic and took his leave.  Twenty Quivers  wished him a good journey home.  This made Take realize he had no idea how to get home.  One thing at a time, he told himself.  He saw Bear and Smiles waving.  Bear's eyes were as big as saucers and he was smiling.  Bear almost never smiled.  That was when Take knew.  Bear had seen the purse exchange hands.  No doubt about that.  Take walked toward his friends, resigned.
"Where is it?" Bear could barely contain himself.  "Let me see it."
Take didn't bother to deny it.  He took the purse full of gold coins from his tunic  and drew open the draw string so that Bear and Smiles could see the coins.
"Blimey!" Bear said, "We're rich!"
"Twenty Quivers said the gold was for me."  Take paused and smiled.  "But don't worry, I'll cut you both in for a share."
"We should share it equal." Bear glared at Take with a defiant look.
"Now Bear," Smiles said, "We're partners.  Take 'ere, he'll do right by us.  An' Muller an' Hilgard.  Right Take?"
"Why Muller an' Hilgard?" Bear asked.  "They wasn't even here.  They're not magicians.  Why let them two in on it?"
"Cause we're all together in it, ain't we?" Smiles asked, surprised that Bear would question it.
"Look, it's my decision and I'll decide." Take put the gold back inside his tunic.
"Is not," Bear said.
"Anyway, Muller and Hilgard want to stay until the siege is over," Take said.
"Who tole ya that?" Smiles asked.
"Twenty Quivers.  He said they're staying until the siege ends."
"That don't make no sense," Smiles persisted.  "Why?"
"How should I know?  I'm not a spy.  I don't know how they think."
"We could ask 'em," Smiles said. "Could be Twenty Quivers got it wrong."
"We don't know where they are!" Take's frustration was showing.  "For all I know they might've already left.  But it’s Twenty Quivers says they are staying, not me.  All I know is—the three of us are free to leave and I say, the sooner the better.  I want out of this place before the fighting starts."
"I sorta go along with Take on that score." Bear looked sheepishly at Smiles.
"Naw, you fellers don't mean that.  Just give me a little while ta find them two.  Maybe soon as I tell 'em ‘bout the gold, they'll wanna come with us."
"Don't tell them about the gold!"  Bear and Take shouted at the same time.

Smiles wandered off asking soldiers who had no idea what he was saying, if they had seen Muller and Hilgard.  Bear and Take made their way back to the archery field to gather up their belongings and get ready for the long trek home.

That evening Smiles returned to the archery field, looking disheartened.
"Did ya find 'em?" Bear asked.
"I found 'em, yes I did.  'An it isn't like Twenty Quivers was sayin'.  They don't want ta stay.  There's guards keepin' 'em penned in.  The Great Khan thinks they might a heard some big secret."
"Did they?" Take asked.
"Nothin' much," Smiles said.
"That's too bad then," Take returned to watching the archers.
"That's the breaks when ya set about bein' a spy," Bear agreed.
"Come on fellas, yer not gonna just up an leave 'em, are ya?"
"There's nothing we can do about it." Take walked over to inspect a bamboo tube.  "They'll come home after the siege."
Bear put his hand on Smiles' arm.  "Take's right, ya know.  They'll be safe here.  The Great Khan's not such a bad guy.  If he says he'll let 'em go, he'll likely do it."

Smiles sat by the fire, deep in thought, while Take and Bear bedded down for the night. They would begin their long trek home at dawn.  Smiles went to stand by Take as he lay sleeping.
"I'm sorry, but I gotta do it," he whispered.  He reached into Take's tunic and untied the purse.

The next morning at dawn, Muller and Hilgard followed Smiles to the Fernlanders' campsite.  Take was just stretching awake after a night of wonderful dreams. He saw the two men and smiled drowsily.
"Hey!" he shouted.  "How did you get yourselves set free?"  His smile evaporated as he felt for his purse full of gold.  He stared at Muller and Hilgard, then his eyes swept over to Smiles who refused to meet his eyes.
"Noooo!" Take yelled over and over.  His shouts echoed off the hills as he jumped from his blanket leaping from foot to foot and pulling at his thin hair with fisted hands.

Chapter 46

Between Helsop and Fernland

Inside the King's carriage, Electra considered how she might convince her family that feigning her own death would be a good idea.  She now had Dagon's reluctant acceptance.  The difficult part would be the two year absence she needed to attend a school of medicine.  She doubted her mother would consent, unless she could think of a better argument than the truth—it was just something she wanted to do.  Perhaps she would think of something in the morning.  
The two sticks Tandor had carefully carved to make wolf prints lay on her lap.  He had done a fine job.  The sticks were of sufficient length to hold while standing.   Without bending over, she could stamp the print of a wolf  into the ground.  Right and left paw prints.  She would have to run to the cliff's edge, then carefully step backwards into her own prints while stamping the wolf prints all around her.  It would be good if the ground were slightly wet, but not too wet.  If the ground were too wet, a very good tracker might become suspicious that the tracks were so uniform. 
Her mind slipped from the wolf prints to the coming meeting with Odval, Bataar's first wife.  She wondered if Odval knew of Bataar's plan to take a second wife.  And why had she come to Fernland?  Had Bataar summoned her?  Was he required to introduce the two?  Electra despaired of ever making sense of Barburee customs.
The carriage began to slow.  She looked out to see Tandor motioning to her driver.  He glanced at Electra.
"I think we should stop here for the night.  There's a good place to camp by the stream."
"Good."  She placed her two sticks back under the seat, got out and stretched her back and legs, then made her way to the stream to splash water on her dust-covered face and arms.  As Electra washed up in the stream, Tandor and the driver gathered wood for a fire and brought out food for an evening meal.
Electra caught a whiff of wood smoke and glanced over to see how the two men had managed to start a fire so quickly.  Tandor was still pulling fallen limbs from the underbrush and the driver was unpacking.
Electra followed the scent of smoke downstream.  Tandor watched her as he gathered sticks until she neared a bend in the stream. When she rounded the bend out of sight, he stopped his work to follow her.
"Where are you going?" he called.
"I smell smoke."
Tandor stopped and lifted his chin, sniffing the breeze.
"So do I."  He called out to the driver and the three of them followed the river downstream.
Before long they could hear voices.  As they rounded another bend, they came upon the campsite.  Five men lay wounded around a small fire.  Some looked to be in very bad shape.
"It is Bataar!"  Electra said, her voice betraying her shock at seeing him like this.
Bataar looked up when he heard his name.  His eyes were feverish and he moved as one in pain.
Electra rushed to his side.  "You are hurt."
"See these," he said, motioning to the four other men around the campfire.  One had a broken leg and was barely conscious.  The other three had wounds and one still had the shaft of an arrow in his shoulder.
Electra was horrified.  She began giving orders as she moved from man to man.
"We need splints. And boiling water.  And pots, bowls, rags.  I need my bag."
She rushed off into the forest to find the herbs she would need to make broths and compresses.
"Tell your men we will be back to take care of them," she called out to Bataar.

By the middle of the night, Bataar and his men were resting, their pains alleviated somewhat by Electra's herbal brews.  With Tandor's help she had reset Long Life Destroyer's broken leg and salted his infection with herbal extracts.  All their wounds were in various stages of infection.  Electra was not sure they would all survive.  She hoped never to see another arrow imbedded as cruelly as the one she had removed from one of Bataar's would-be assassins.
"What do you suppose made those marks on Bataar's back?" Tandor asked, obviously fearful of running into such a creature.
"I do not know," Electra said, "but they were clearly claw marks.  Big claws.  He was lucky he did not bleed to death."
"You'd better get some sleep," Tandor said.  "Do you think we can travel by tomorrow?"
"I think we should give them tomorrow to rest," Electra said.  "I do not want to move them with fevers.  You should get some sleep, too."
"The driver's asleep.  I'll take first watch.  He'll relieve me in a bit."
"All right.  Let us hope their fevers are down by morning."
Electra was very tired by the time she found blankets and made her bed.  She fell asleep at once and slept until dawn.

By the next morning the men did look a bit improved.
Bataar sat up, testing movement in his shoulder.  "We go Fernland."
"Tomorrow," Electra said.  She did not tell him his wife had arrived in Fernland, suspecting he would insist on leaving if he knew she was there.  "I will be back soon."  She left to gather more herbs before Bataar could insist on traveling today.
The carriage driver came into camp with a wild turkey he had shot.  The spirits of the wounded men were revived by a hot meal.  Their fevers had broken and they all showed signs of being fast healers.  Their infections, too, seemed to be in retreat.  Electra was most worried about Long Life Destroyer and his infected leg.  The early signs of gangrene were fading, but she wished she had more knowledge of restructuring bones.
Bataar ate ravenously.  He seemed to gain strength by the moment.  He looked at Electra and smiled as he gnawed on a turkey leg.  "You good girl.  Be good wife."
Electra smiled back but said nothing.
A tremor of worry passed over Bataar's face and he threw his turkey leg bone into the river.  He seemed to be trying to find the words for what he wanted to say.  Finally he put his hand over his face and bowed his head in what appeared to be a formal gesture to signify shame?  embarrassment?  guilt?
"No kill witch."
Electra caught the meaning and gave a shudder of realization and relief.  He had tried to kill Serafina.
"Two times," he said.  "This," he pointed to his wounded back, "witch be big cat."  He raised his hands to indicate how big the cat was.
Electra could not imagine what he was talking about or what kind of cat could have made the deep gouges on his back.
She nodded, hoping he would say more, but he did not.  She realized he was apologizing for failing to kill the witch and wondered, not for the first time, if she were somehow responsible for all this misery.
The next morning Electra made sure her wolf track sticks were carefully hidden and invited Bataar and his assassin to ride with her in the carriage.  Long Life Destroyer was tied down on the roof of the carriage with blankets wedged around him to hold his leg in place. 
Bataar hesitated at the carriage door.  "Better, I ride."  He walked slowly to his horse.
Electra had planned to tell him about his wife as they rode, but decided it would make no difference if he were surprised.  If all went well, they should arrive at the castle by dusk.

Chapter 47

Port of Taz

Muller, Hilgard, Smiles, Bear and Take started off on their long journey back to Fernland.  Take mumbled to himself as he cast sullen glances at his companions.  He rode alone, too angry at all the others to tolerate their presence.  Muller and Hilgard were in good spirits, free from imprisonment and on their way home.  Bear was peeved at Smiles for giving away their gold, but his loyalty to his friend overpowered his temper.  He was not sure Take would have shared his gold anyway.  Smiles was very sad to have Take so angry with him.  He had never taken something that did not belong to him before.  He fervently hoped Take would forgive him.  The men headed west with no map and no plan.  When they were out of sight of Barburee's army, Muller called a halt.  Take rode back to find out why they were stopping.
Muller dismounted and motioned for the others to join him.  
"We have no guide and we don't know what lies ahead.  We may find streams and food along the way, or we may find ourselves back in the desert once we leave the river valley."  The men looked worried at the thought of being alone in the desert with no knowledge of where to find an oasis.  Muller continued.  "I have another plan to propose."
"We could use a plan," Smiles said.
"You have a plan?"  Bear puffed out his chest.  "Seems like yer last plan landed the two a ya in chains.  An lucky fer us we wasn't with ya at the time."
"Spies are paid to take some risks," Muller said.
"I don't recall hiring you to take risks," Take said, "yet it's my money paid to get you free."
"And Hilgard and I are grateful.  I'm sure King Geoffrey will be grateful as well."
"When cows fly." Take spat on the ground.
"So what's your plan?" Hilgard asked.
"I say we circle back to Taz and take a ship home from there."
"What?  Are ya crazy?" Bear asked.  "Them Taz folk'll kill anyone on sight what gets close to their wall."
"They can tell from our appearance we're not Barburee men.  Hilgard can speak a little of their language.  We can ask to see the Caliph," Muller said.
"What's a Caliph?" Bear asked.
"That's what the generals called the head man of Taz.
"They're pretty busy what with the siege an all," Smiles said.  "I don't know as how the Caliph would take ta makin' time ta make our acquaintance just now."
"He would if we had something he wanted." Muller's expression took on a sly look.
Take began to turn red in the face as he stared at Muller.  "Yeah, maybe if we had something he might want, maybe like gold, except that SOMEBODY TOOK MY GOLD!" 
"I'm talking about something more valuable than gold." Muller raised his palms in an attempt to calm Take.
The men looked at Muller as though he had lost his mind.
"And ah, what kinda thing is that there?" Smiles asked.
"I'm talking about intelligence." Muller tapped his head with his finger.
Take stared at him for a second and then began a hiccupy sort of laugh.
"You think the Caliph cares how smart you think you are?  It's pretty clear to me you have finally lost what's left of your mind."
Muller gave an exasperated snort and shook his head.  "I'm talking about military intelligence.  Secret military intelligence."
Hilgard's expression brightened.  "You mean what we overheard at the tent."
"Exactly."
"But I thought ya didn't hear nothin' that mattered," Smiles said.
"Of course that's what I said.  I am a spy.  We never admit to knowing anything!"
Take gave Muller a look but stayed silent.
"Ya mean the Great Khan was right about ya?" Bear asked.  "Ya really did hear a thing that matters?"
Muller smiled a mysterious smile.
"You mean about the river," Hilgard said in a hushed voice.
Muller glanced at him with a warning in his eyes.  "Let's save it for the Caliph."
"I don't think so." Take advanced to stand toe to toe with Muller.  "We'll be putting our lives on the line, going back to Taz.  I want to hear this secret worth more than gold before I agree to anything.  And if I don't think the Caliph will go for it, neither will I."
"Maybe the Caliph is just a little more desperate than you are, when it comes to information that could save his life.  I say he'd take the intelligence over gold right now," Muller insisted.
Take thought about this for a moment.  "You are certain it's good enough to buy us all safe passage home?"
"I am certain."
The men looked off to the west.  Out there lay a long ride home, through unknown country.  Bandits, desert wastelands and sand storms were probable.  The chance of finding a guide who spoke their language, improbable.  They slowly turned their horses back toward Taz.

They kept to the forested edge of the sea to avoid being seen from the hillside where the Great Khan's army was spread out.  When they could see the point where the great wall reached the sea, they stopped to find enough rags to make a parley flag.  They rode on holding their flag aloft until they were just outside the range of arrows.  A few minutes later an answering parley flag waved from atop the wall.  The men advanced cautiously.  They were within shouting distance and still no arrows had been launched into their midst.
"Does anyone speak English?" Muller yelled as loud as he could.
The man holding the flag put his hand to his ear and shook his head.
Muller advanced to the bottom of the wall and yelled out the same question.  The man on the wall shook his head.
"Tell him we have a message for the Caliph," Muller said to Hilgard.
Hilgard shouted up a few words in the Barburee tongue and listened carefully to the man's reply.
"He wants to know who the message is from," Hilgard said.
"Tell him..." Muller paused to think of something that would take them to the Caliph.  "Tell him, a friend."
Hilgard shouted out the brief sentence and waited for an answer.  When the answer came, Hilgard hesitated.  "I'm not sure, but I think he said you and I could come up."
A rope ladder descended a moment later and Hilgard and Muller began to climb up it.  A crowd of archers watched with their arrows aimed at the three remaining men down below.
As Hilgard neared the top of the wall he looked down at Take, Bear and Smiles.   "He might have said you would all be killed if you try to ride away."
"Might of?  There's a big help.  What if the two a ya don't come back?" Bear’s voice was heavy with sarcasm.
Hilgard shrugged.  Bear, Smiles and Take got off their horses and huddled in the shade at the bottom of the wall.

Chapter 48

Taz

Muller and Hilgard stood at the top of the wide wall that protected Taz from attacks by land.  For the first time the two Fernland men were able to see down into the heart of  Taz.  The city was beautiful, with gleaming white buildings, blue tile courtyards, carved marble screens and flowering trees.  Fountains that once sprayed jets of water into the warm air now lay dry and silent.  They must have been lovely to see.  Flowers and shallow rooted plants were now dead or dying from lack of water.  It was still the most beautiful city Muller or Hilgard had ever seen.  They could see why the citizens of Taz refused to surrender, even to the mighty Khan.  One of the soldiers gave Muller's shoulder a shove to start him walking.
Hilgard tried to speak to the soldiers but they ignored him.  The Fernland men were escorted down a flight of stairs that joined the top of the wall to ground level.  They passed soldiers busy with a new shipment of armaments.  They passed the shanty houses that lined the wall and walked into the interior of the city.  As they neared the empty marketplace the houses were more ornate with wrought iron staircases and gates that led to interior patios.  Missing were any signs of women and children.  They must have already left on ships.  The men continued on to the tall buildings that faced the waterfront.
Their escorts led them to the tallest of these buildings, past an intricately cut marble entry and up a wide marble staircase to a room with an arched wooden door.  The soldier rapped on the heavy door and shouted something.
"Caliph?" Hilgard asked.
The soldier nodded.
A grey-haired stooped man opened the door and waved them inside.  They sat at a beautiful table that looked out at the busy harbor below.  The old man spoke to them and Hilgard translated.
"I think he asked, how is it we are friends and he does not know us," Hilgard said.
Muller considered how to react.  He had told the soldiers he was a friend to gain access to the head man of Taz.  Now that the caliph had confronted them with the lie, he decided he had best tell the truth.  "I think it best we get right to the point," Muller said to Hilgard.  "Tell him we were prisoners of Barburee.  We paid a ransom to free ourselves and we wish to buy safe passage back to Fernland by telling him the secrets we overheard while we were prisoners."
Something about the way the old man reacted to Muller's conversation with Hilgard made Muller think the Caliph might understand a little of their language.
Hilgard attempted several translations of what Muller had said.
Finally, the Caliph waved Hilgard's attempts aside and spoke to Muller.
"Tell me these secrets."
Muller nodded.  He has guessed correctly.  "You agree to our terms?  There are five of us who wish to return to Fernland."
"If your secrets serve us." The Caliph laced the fingers of his hands together and waited.
"You know that your river has been diverted by the Great Khan's engineers," Muller began.
The Caliph nodded with just a hint of impatience.
"When the river was diverted the engineers noticed a drop in volume where the river reached the valley floor."
Again the Caliph nodded, this time with interest.
"They suspected some of the water was being sucked underground, and that meant an underground channel of some kind."
The Caliph sat forward, now very attentive.
"The engineers dug along the old river channel, following the seepage of water.  The channel must have been an ancient river bed.  As they dug deeper into rock, they found the channel was still intact.  The rock had kept it from filling in.  It was a tunnel they could enlarge and follow right under the wall of your city."
Muller could see the Caliph was becoming alarmed.  He continued quickly.  "They are working at night to enlarge the tunnel.  Once they are past the wall they need only dig upwards to enter your city from inside the wall.  There is no way you can stop them.  You won't even know where they will break through to the surface until it is too late.  No doubt they will wait until dark to break through and take you all unaware."
The Caliph struck the table with his hand.  "Murdering villains!"
He stood up so quickly his chair fell over.  He walked back and forth looking out at the harbor.
"I know you tell the truth.  I remember finding indications of such a channel."  He sat back down on his righted chair and put his head in his hands.  "We have lost.  We must leave, all of us, before they break through.  We will leave this day at dusk."
The Caliph called to his soldiers.  They rushed through the door with swords drawn.  The Caliph stopped them from assaulting Muller and Hilgard with a stern command.  He spoke to the men for a few minutes, no doubt relating the story Muller had told.  The soldiers' faces bore expressions of outrage and dismay as the Caliph's words hit home.  As soon as the soldiers rushed out the door, the Caliph began gathering up the books and papers around him.
"Go at once and bring your friends.  We will meet down at the docks.  At least we will save our ships." The Caliph looked with anguish out at the docks of his city.  He controlled his emotions and bowed to the Fernland men.  "We are in your debt."
Muller and Hilgard left quickly to find Bear, Take and Smiles.

Chapter 49

Fernland

The little caravan of sick and wounded moved on into the night.  Princess Electra and the Barburee men who rode beside the royal carriage made slow progress with so many injured.  It was close to midnight when they arrived at Fernland's castle.  The drawbridge was up for the night but signal fires sent by outposts along the way had alerted the Palace Guard.  As soon as the royal carriage came into view from the tower, the drawbridge was lowered.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were awakened and came out of the castle in their sleep clothes to meet the carriage as it stopped in front of the castle.  Seeing all the splints and bandages, the royal couple cast worried eyes into the carriage.
"I am fine," Electra said, "but Bataar and his men have need of a physician."
Delphinia waved a porter off to bring the royal physician while Geoffrey questioned Electra.
"Were you attacked on the way?" he asked.
"No, I came along with Tandor and the driver.  We found the others by chance already wounded when we stopped to make camp." 
The royal physician ran down the steps of the castle in his nightshirt.  He rushed from man to man, checking the severity of their wounds.
"Bring them all to my chambers." 
As the wounded men were hustled off to the physician's rooms, Delphinia hugged her daughter.
"I do so hate these journeys you undertake on your own."
This did not bode well for Electra's newest plan.  She quickly changed the subject.
"Our journey to Henge took a turn when we learned Bataar's men had made an attempt on Dagon's life."  Electra sneaked a look at her father to see if this news brought any expression of guilt to his face, but his face remained impassive.  "I believe Bataar and his men went on their own to Henge.  He was intent on killing Serafina."
Delphinia held her breath in anticipation.  Since Electra did not continue she was forced to ask.
"Did he succeed?"
"Bataar's English does not always lead to clarity, but I would guess he did not," Electra said. 
Delphinia took a deep breath and relaxed a bit.  
"I am not certain, but I believe I am relieved somewhat to hear it.  She is my sister after all."
"Of course you are," Electra said, relieved herself to hear her mother’s reaction.
King Geoffrey hugged Electra with one arm and Delphinia with the other.
"We have a great many questions, but you look tired.  Let us try to get some rest and we will talk in the morning."
"I can hardly keep my eyes open." Electra looked gratefully at her father.  As Electra saw Bataar following his men through the castle door, she remembered Odval. "I have not yet told Bataar his wife is here."
"Why ever not?" Delphinia asked.
"Their wounds were such that I wanted to keep to a slow pace.  I did not know how the news would affect Bataar."
"Ah, you are so wise," Delphinia said.  "Odval is a lovely little thing—too young to be married in my opinion.  Of course we know nothing about her as we have no translator with Hilgard off to Barburee."
"In the morning, my Dears," King Geoffrey said, as he led Delphinia and Electra up the stairs to the castle.

Everyone was much improved by a night's sleep.  Breakfast was laid out in the formal dining room to accommodate all those well enough to leave the physician's chambers.  Bataar surprised everyone when he arrived, hungry.  He piled a plate high with food and sat next to Queen Delphinia.
"No Bataar wife?" he asked.  "Send message—come meet number two wife."
Delphinia coughed politely as she gagged on her food.  
"You mean Odval.  She is here.  What a sweet girl.  She is no doubt anxious to see you."
Delphinia called a serving girl over.  
"Please let Odval know that Bataar has arrived.  At least do your best to communicate that to her."
King Geoffrey sat down across from Bataar.
"How did you fare in Henge?"
"Bad witch," he said.  "Army come, kill witch."
"I see." Geoffrey arched an eye at Electra but she busied herself with her breakfast.
Odval entered the room from the back, her eyes scanning for Bataar.  She spotted him and her eyes lit up.  He turned to follow the stares of those around him and his eyes lit up as well.  She was dressed in bright red satins, studded with jewels.  Her hair was styled up and out from the middle into a pair of black wings sprouting from her head.  Her eyes were dark, outlined in black, her mouth a small rosebud.
As Bataar looked at her, she cast her eyes down.  He spoke to her in a series of raspy commands and she rushed forward to bow, first before the Queen and then before Electra.
Electra quickly rose from her chair and glanced at Queen Delphinia, hoping for a clue as to what the expected protocol might be in this situation.
Queen Delphinia shrugged her shoulders and cleared her throat.
"Bataar, we are so happy you are here to translate for us.  Would you tell your wife we would be honored if she would join us for breakfast?"
Bataar issued a few more harsh orders and Odval sat down next to Electra.  She pulled a beautiful wooden box from her tunic and presented it to Electra.  Electra took it and looked at Bataar.
"Should I open it?"
Bataar nodded.
Electra pulled off the close fitting lid.  Inside were two crystal doves.  Electra tilted the box to show them to her parents.  They were beautiful.  She replaced the lid and smiled at Odval as she handed them back.  Odval jerked away in surprise.
"Is gift for sister wife," Bataar said as he smiled his approval at Odval.
Odval pulled a rolled parchment from her tunic.  Electra hoped  it was not some sort of marriage agreement.  Odval turned to Bataar and held out the parchment, bowing with eyes lowered.  She spoke a few words.  One of them sounded like 'khan'.
Bataar took  the message and quickly unrolled it.  "Message Great Khan," he said, as he began to read.  Bataar's eyes grew wide as he read the message.  He finished and began again, reading more slowly this time, making sure he took it all in.
He looked at King Geoffrey, then at Electra.  He stood and bowed, placing his hand over his face in the same formal gesture of shame that Electra had seen as he recounted his failure to kill the witch, Serafina.  Everyone present held their breath, knowing whatever was in the message would affect them all.

Chapter 50

Fernland

The royal family had watched the conflicting emotions on Bataar’s face as he read the message from the Great Khan a second time.  There was no mistaking the tensions the letter had caused. Certainly this was not to be good news.
Bataar faced King Geoffrey as he spoke.
"Great Khan say Bataar come back.  Say Bataar no marry Fernland."
Electra bit her lip to keep from smiling.  She clutched the wooden box in her hand and once again tried to return it to Odval.
"No. You keep,"  Bataar said, putting his hand once again over his face in a gesture of regret.  He gave a few orders to Odval.  She jumped up and ran from the room, her breakfast untouched.
"We go now," Bataar said.
"And what of Henge?" King Geoffrey asked.
"Barburee no kill Henge.  Kill Taz now."
"But your men are not well enough to travel," Electra said.
"They go." Bataar left the room to gather up his men.

The royal family was still sitting in stunned silence when Avor entered the room.
He took in their stunned expressions.  "What has happened?  No one answered.  He tried another question.  "I heard Bataar has returned."  
"You just missed him, he is on his way back to Barburee," Electra said.
"What do you mean?" Avor asked.
"Sit down Avor.  Let me think," Geoffrey said, a sharp edge to his voice.
"Who or what do you suppose Taz is?" Delphinia asked.
"I believe there is a city called Taz, far to the south of Barburee," King Geoffrey said.  "I was told it is on the sea, a port city. With the taking of Taz, the Great Khan  would no longer need Henge."
"You mean all this has been for nothing?" Electra asked.  She suddenly remembered her two wolf track sticks, left behind under the seat of the royal carriage.
"I would not say for nothing," Delphinia said.  "We have made a friend.  Unless I misunderstood that gesture he made, I believe Bataar is now in our debt."
"You could be right," King Geoffrey agreed.  "To them, actually to any of us, an offer of marriage is not to be taken lightly."
"Who is getting married?" Avor asked.
"No one now, it seems," Delphinia said.
Avor waited a moment, but everyone seemed too caught up in their own thoughts to explain anything to him.
"Perhaps I should go try to find Bataar," he said.
"No!" King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia said at the same time.
Avor frowned, the beginnings of anger tightening the folds around his eyes.
King Geoffrey sighed.  "So much has happened and so quickly, we have not fully digested it.  But you are right to question us.  The Great Khan has ordered Bataar home.  We believe they have decided to invade a city called Taz rather than Henge.  And they no longer seek an alliance with Fernland or a marriage with your sister."
"So Bataar is leaving?" Avor asked.
"He is leaving as we speak," Geoffrey said.
"Perhaps I should suggest visiting him in Taz," Avor said.
"Whatever for?" Delphinia asked.
"He has promised to teach me to shoot arrows from horseback.  Besides, he is still a friend to Fernland.  You said so.  We should arrange a reciprocal visit."
King Geoffrey looked at his son as though he were trying to solve a puzzle.
"You do know what sort of reputation the Barburians have."
"That does not mean they have nothing to teach us," Avor said.
King Geoffrey opened his mouth to speak but no words came out.  He looked at his wife for help.
"Do you think we might wait until we have news on the fate of Taz?" Delphinia raised her eyebrows as she looked at her son.
Avor seemed encouraged by that suggestion.  
"I will go find Bataar and ask him to send us a message as soon as they have conquered Taz." Avor lept from his chair.
As soon as Avor was out of hearing range, King Geoffrey turned to Delphinia.  "Why can he not see that Barburee is a scourge upon the earth?"
"He will Dear, he will." Delphinia patted Geoffrey's hand.
They both faced Electra, confident that their daughter, at least, understood the situation.
"You have made us so proud," Delphinia said.  "You saved the lives of the Barburee men and now Bataar is certainly in our debt.  And, best of all, the threat of marriage is gone."
Electra twirled the little wooden box in her fingers.  "Odval certainly seemed on board with the whole idea."
"I believe our Odval was a good little actress," Delphinia said.  She saw the concern on her daughter's face.  "What is it, Dear?  You seem unhappy.  Surely you did not want to be Bataar's second wife, did you?"
Electra saw her plan to go to school to study medicine slipping away.  There was no longer a need to fake her own death, nor was there a need for her to disappear for a good long time.  For her, it had been more than a plan to avoid an unwanted marriage.  It had been a plan to fulfill a dream.  She could not let that dream slip away.  She took a deep breath and met her mother's eyes.
"I need to speak to you about something." 
"Of course, my Dear.  You may speak to us on any subject." Her mother smiled her encouragement.
"I plan to leave Fernland for several years to study medicine."
"What!  I...I do not understand."  Queen Delphinia looked to King Geoffrey to deal with this incredible request.
"Why do you want to study medicine?  Why do you want to leave to study medicine?"  King Geoffrey asked.
"Medicine has always been my primary interest.  I wish to increase my knowledge from those who know more than I."
Delphinia had recovered somewhat from her initial shock.  "I am sure, my Dear, that our physician would be thrilled to share his knowledge of medicine with you."
"Our physician is quite elderly," Electra said.  "At a school of medicine the most up to date views would be shared."
"But surely, there are ways other than leaving.  We have only now begun to know you."  Delphinia's eyes began to swim with tears.
"It is out of the question,” King Geoffrey said.  "For one thing you are a girl."
Electra expected this argument and simply set her chin defiantly.
"We must not quarrel." Delphinia stood and put her hands on Electra's shoulders.  "Certainly you are free do as you choose.  But will you at least listen to our arguments against such a choice before you decide?"
Electra's chin relaxed and she settled in for a long discussion.  "Yes, of course."

Chapter 51

On Board the Spirit of Taz, Bound for Fernland

Once aboard his flagship, Spirit of Taz, the Caliph dropped his box of books on a bunk and headed for the Captain's cabin, where he would meet with his son, Haddad.  He knocked once at the cabin door.
"Haddad?"
"Yes I am here."
Haddad opened the door quickly and stepped aside to make room in the narrow doorway.
"The soldiers told me only to pack at once and meet on board.  What has happened?"
"A fortunate meeting with a group of foreigners.  The Barburee engineers have found a tunnel that leads under our city."
"What?"  Haddad's face mirrored his shock.  "How could we not know of such a tunnel?  You believe these foreigners?"
The Caliph let out a deep breath.
"I do."  He sat down on the Captain's bunk.  "Their story had the ring of truth.  The Barburee engineers came across it by accident after they changed the course of the River Taz.  It must have been an ancient river channel at one time, long since covered over by thick sediments.  The murdering villains thought to take us by surprise in the middle of the night.  They meant to kill us all, no doubt, to make an example of us, as they are prone to do when people refuse to surrender.  We are lucky to escape with our ships and our lives."  A little moan fell from the Caliph's lips.
Haddad sat down in a chair across from his father.
"We will find another place, Father.  It will not be Taz, but we can rebuild.  We must.  And a pox on that whole lot from Barburee."
"Yes, we must.  And shall we be the ones to take over some weak nation as they have taken over Taz?"  The Caliph shook his head, his face a mask of grief.
"We will if we must," Haddad said.  He stood up and paced the cabin.
"No," the Caliph insisted.  "First we will search the shores for a place to settle peacefully."
"We dare not search too long.  Our women and children are already in harm's way, pocketed here and there among people who will not shelter them for long.  When they find out Taz is taken, their protection will turn to scorn and their scorn to wrath."
"You have so little faith in our friends, Haddad?"
"I have little faith in human nature.  Why else do we find ourselves homeless?"
The Caliph nodded at the truth in his words.  "I have promised our foreign spies free passage back to Fernland, their home.  We will search the coast between here and there before we resort to violence."  The Caliph's voice was once again firm and confident.
"As you say, it will be," his son said with a bow.
 			
Many days later, Muller, Hilgard, Take, Bear and Smiles all stood at the ship's rail.  They cheered as River's End came into view.  The Caliph approached the rail to stand with the men.
"I thank you Caliph, for bringing us home," Muller said.
"A mere token for those who saved many lives." The Caliph studied the wide opening where River's End met the sea. "This, then, is the only waterway into your country?"
"It is," Muller said.  "The river that empties here runs back to King's Lake, a great body of water that adjoins King's Road.  We will have an easy trip once we reach the road."
"This river."  The Caliph pointed to the green water that curved gently into the sea.  "Is it deep enough to float our ships?"
"It is quite deep, but I wouldn't ask you to take the chance just to deliver us closer to home.  We can easily take small boats that are kept here for just such a purpose.  We can row against the current if the tide is out.  I would not want you to risk your fine ships."  Muller looked back at the line of seven ships that made up the Caliph's armada and now held the entirety of the Caliph's fighting men.
"I would like to see this lake you speak of.  Would you be willing if I and a few of my men were to accompany you upriver?"
"It would be an honor to show you my country.  Perhaps you would like to arrange an audience with King Geoffrey before you journey on?"
"That would be my great honor." The Caliph bowed.

Orders were given to weigh anchor.  The line of ships anchored close to shore, drew down their sails and found their rest.  The Caliph ordered three shore boats lowered and spoke to his crew.
As they rowed up river through Fernland's lush forests, Muller noticed that the men in the third boat continually lowered weights on knotted ropes to take depth soundings.
"What are they doing?" Muller asked, shielding his eyes from the sun.
"They are checking the depth along the way.  It is a thing we do whenever we encounter a new body of water.  Who knows when a ship might need shelter from a storm." The Caliph smiled.

Take, Smiles and Bear rode in the second boat, taking in each familiar landmark with excited gestures.
"Won't we have some stories ta tell the lads an' ladies this night." Smiles looked happy to be home.
"May be they'll see us a drink or two." Bear slapped his friend on the back.
"It's a sure thing we won't be buying the drinks if there's any to be drunk." Take  scowled.  He still had not forgiven Smiles for taking his gold.
Take saw a wooden structure just above the trees ahead.  
"Look there!  It's the outpost."  He forgot his anger temporarily in his eagerness to set foot on dry land once again.
After four hours of rowing, the little boats entered the great expanse of King's Lake.  The Caliph's men pulled to shore and brought out food for a picnic.
"Now this is coming home in style," Muller said as he prepared to eat.
"It has been quite a trip." Hilgard paused to reflect on their journey.  "If I'd known before what demands would be made on my language skills, I'd have studied harder.  I believe you pushed me to my limit."
"The King will be pleased with the information we've collected," Muller said.  "I wouldn't be surprised if he offers you a position as an apprentice spy."
Hilgard was thrilled with the comment.  "You really think he might?"
"I will recommend it myself." Muller helped himself to some bread and cheese.
Take sat down with his plate of food in time to hear the conversation.  "Maybe you will put in a good word for me, too, seeing as how you would still both be back in Barburee, charged as spies, if it weren't for the ransom I provided."
"Not to worry.  I've included that in my report," Muller said.  "You can count on the King's gratitude."
Take looked at Muller doubtfully as he took his first bite.

The Caliph came back from a discussion with his men to speak with the Fernlanders.
"The river is quite deep, as you guessed.  With a little work, large ships could be carried this far.  I am surprised King Geoffrey has never considered developing the river into an estuary."
"We are not really a seafaring people," Muller said.  "The forest, the farm and grazing lands, the fish in the rivers sustain us.  We want for nothing."
The Caliph looked out over the lake.  "Still, there are no settlements around the lake?  Surely, lake fishing would be a possibility were folk to settle close to its banks."
"People fish or hunt with permits from the King by day.  At night most prefer the security of the castle walls," Muller said.
The Caliph could hardly keep his voice nonchalant as he formed his plans for settling the lake area.  "Do you think you could arrange an audience with King Geoffrey for me?  I would certainly like to thank him in person for what his subjects have done for the citizens of Taz.
"Of course.  King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia are very keen on visiting with foreign dignitaries." Muller accepted a cup of wine from one of the Caliph's men.
"We could wait here or at our ships while you inquire," the Caliph said.
"Nonsense," Muller insisted.  "He will want to meet with you.  Come along with us.  When we get across the lake we will reach a Royal Guard outpost where we will be given horses and an escort."

Chapter 52

Fernland

The returning Fernlanders and their guests reached the castle as the sun tipped the horizon.  They joined the crowd of people hurrying over the drawbridge before it was raised for the night.
Muller left his guests in Queen Delphinia's care and went directly to the throne room to meet with King Geoffrey and give his report.  King Geoffrey seemed in a bit of a bad mood but was still pleased to see Muller.  Muller asked if there were anything wrong, but the King just waved his hand and muttered something about Electra and children in general being worrisome.  
Geoffrey focused his concentration on Muller.
"You bring useful news, I hope.  We have lately learned that the Great Khan has turned his attention away from us and toward the unfortunate city of Taz."
Muller was surprised that King Geoffrey already knew about Taz, but he gave his report in full, none the less.
Geoffrey stopped him at one point to ask, "Did you manage to secure samples of these exploding powders?"
"Of course," Muller replied.  "Only small samples but I am sure our engineers will be able to identify them."
"Excellent.  Please continue."
Muller told of their escape from Taz and the intelligence that had saved Taz's inhabitants from certain destruction.  He told how the Caliph was anxious to meet with him, probably to further thank him on behalf of the people of Taz.
"You brought the Caliph here?" King Geoffrey asked, his voice angry and accusing.
"Why, yes."  Muller stumbled a little in his speech, wondering why King Geoffrey seemed so upset.
"You have brought a city of refugees to our shore?  Of course he wants to see me.  He will throw himself on the King's mercy."  King Geoffrey's voice grew louder.  "They have no where to go!"
"But...they have great sailing ships.  They can go anywhere," Muller said, sounding puzzled.
"Have they told you where they plan to go?"
"No...the subject never came up."
"And does that not seem strange to you?"
"Now that you mention it, it does seem strange."  Muller looked down at the floor.
"Have they showed any unusual interest in Fernland?"
Muller squeezed his eyes shut, wondering how he could have been so naive.  "They took soundings for the depth of the river.  They asked if it was deep enough to float their ships.  They wondered why there were no settlements around King's Lake."
King Geoffrey pursed his lips and stood up.  "I will set them straight.  Where are they now?"
Muller put his hand on his head and muttered an oath.  "They are with the Queen.  I believe she has already invited them to stay the night.  She is arranging a dinner."
King Geoffrey sat back down and glared at Muller.  "You know, of course, what will happen once Delphinia takes them under her wing."
"I know.  I know!  This is all my fault," Muller moaned.
"Perhaps it is not too late.  We will find an excuse to keep their ships at sea," Geoffrey said.  "I will think of something that will satisfy Delphinia."

Queen Delphinia was spellbound, listening to the Caliph's story of their narrow escape from the Great Khan's army.
"The Great Khan's son was here, you may have heard," Delphinia said in a soft voice.
The Caliph looked alarmed.  He leaned closer.  "Here? In Fernland?"
Queen Delphinia kept her voice low.  "He stayed with us for several days, then journeyed on to Henge.  He wanted to ally with Fernland against Henge.  King Geoffrey believed the Great Khan was interested in acquiring a port city.  Now that he has Taz...I am so sorry, Caliph.  It might have been any port.  They are so unrelenting in their thirst to conquer."
The Caliph looked thoughtful.  "Perhaps the port of Taz will satisfy them—at least for a while."  He paused and changed his expression to a warm smile.  "I am curious as to why you have not developed your own port, Your Majesty."
"We have no port, Caliph," she said, surprised by his comment.
"But you could easily have an extraordinary port.  The river that runs from King's Lake to the sea could quickly become an estuary leading ships from sea to a huge lake port.  You could invite trade to and from the ends of the earth.  I can envision an unending line of ships, going and coming, bringing fine cloth, spices, wines, jewels—those same ships carrying away the gifts of your forests and rivers.  And of course, a tax on all for the privilege of docking at your port."
"King Geoffrey has never spoken of it.  Perhaps it would be more difficult than you imagine."
"We see through the eyes of a seafaring people.  For us, it would not be difficult.  For us, the work would be a blessing.  And in return for such a blessing, I envision the gift we would leave with you.  A beautiful golden barge, a royal barge, navigating the estuary, sailing through the forest of Fernland all the way from the King's Lake to the River's End.  She rides triumphantly, decked out in pennants and banners, bearing the crest of the dragon.  I see myself designing such a vessel.  I see it coming to life with the skilled hands of my master ship builders."
Delphinia's eyes followed the Caliph's in his flight of fancy.  "Is such a dream possible?" she asked.
"Of course. Not only possible, I believe it is destined to be. Think of the improbable series of events which has brought us here to you.  I am a great believer in destiny.  We could use the wood from your forest to build the barge.  For this we could set up our staging area alongside the lake.  We could harbor our ships temporarily on the lake, once we have completed the necessary dredging."
"But why would you do all this for us?" Delphinia asked.
"It is what we do.  We are ship builders and sea traders.  We go where the wind takes us."
"I must tell King Geoffrey about this," Delphinia said.  "Oh, here he is now."  Delphinia smiled and waved to King Geoffrey as he and Muller entered the reception hall.
Queen Delphinia, eyes shining with excitement, rushed to tell Geoffrey of the Caliph's offer.  King Geoffrey, his face flushed with anger, his mouth a determined scowl, rushed to warn Delphinia of the threat the Caliph posed to Fernland.  They met in the middle of the reception hall, surrounded by ministers and dinner guests.

Chapter 53

Fernland

King Geoffrey easily spotted the visitors from Taz in the crowded reception room.  They wore bright colored robes with matching turbans.  Traders.  Men practiced in the art of selling.  When he saw the excitement on Delphinia's face, he feared the worst.  They had no doubt found a thing she wanted to buy.  A point to begin negotiations.  Geoffrey was quite sure he wanted nothing they had to sell.  He wanted them gone from Fernland and the sooner the better.
"Geoffrey!  I am so anxious for you to meet the Caliph.  He has told me so much about his life and he has such wonderful ideas."  Delphinia was aglow with enthusiasm.
"Has he told you where they plan to settle now Taz has been taken from them?" Geoffrey asked, his face shadowed with suspicion.
"No, we have not spoken of that.  But we have spoken of his first impressions of Fernland.  Were you aware that with a little work we could make River's End into an estuary?  We could harbor large ships on King's Lake.  Even a royal barge."
"Yes, of course I was aware of that," King Geoffrey said, wondering if this were true.  "I never saw the need of it."
"Need?  Perhaps not.  Though it might prove convenient to have our own port and perhaps pleasurable to have such a barge."  Delphinia paused when she saw the anger in Geoffrey's eyes.  "We only touched on the subject.  I am sure he would feel more comfortable speaking to you about it."
"No doubt he is anxious to get back to his ships.  Perhaps I will speak to him during dinner."
Queen Delphinia looked at Geoffrey with a curious expression.
"I have not had time to arrange a proper banquet to receive our guests, but I believe our staff has risen to the challenge on short notice.  Now that you have arrived, we may announce dinner."
"Fine.  Please seat Electra on my right."

A quick change of seating assignments found Queen Delphinia on Geoffrey's left and Electra on his right.  Queen Delphinia had hoped to speak to Electra during dinner.  She had thought of several more reasons that spoke against Electra's plan to attend a school of medicine.  She assumed that King Geoffrey had asked that she be seated next to him for the same reason.  She hoped he had thought of a good argument to dissuade their daughter from this latest foolishness.
As dinner began, Electra seemed wholly concentrated on the food in front of her.  Oddly, King Geoffrey seemed like-minded.  What had come over everyone, Delphinia wondered.  No one seemed inclined to conversation.
"How do you find the soup?" Delphinia asked King Geoffrey.
"The what?"
"The soup."
"Oh, yes, the soup."  King Geoffrey could not remember if he had tasted the soup yet.  "Quite good."  He tasted it and found it over salted.
Delphinia tried again.  
"Electra, have you thought more on our arguments against your going to a school of medicine?"  
Delphinia hoped this would encourage King Geoffrey to offer any new arguments he had devised.
"I am still sifting through them," Electra said.
The Caliph, on Electra's right, looked up, interested.
"You contemplate the study of medicine?" he asked.
"Perhaps," she said, inspecting her soup.
"Had you a school in mind?" the Caliph asked.
Electra looked at the Caliph for the first time.
"I have heard praise for Egina." She watched for his reaction.
"I have been to Egina several times."  The Caliph now had the attention not only of Electra, but the King and Queen as well.
"How did you find it?" Electra asked.
"I found it most impressive.  They advocate note-taking and a thorough study of anatomy.  My son attended there.  As I recall they held a male student roster."
"Just as I suspected," Queen Delphinia said.
"Perhaps no women showed interest." Electra took a spoonful of soup.
"Quite likely," the Caliph replied.
"Do you know of other medical schools?" Electra asked.
"The Medici is well spoken of.  I believe it is connected to a nunnery."
"The Medici," Electra repeated.  "Where is it located?"
"It is on an island, far to the south.  Quite a lovely place, but seldom visited."
"I wonder why no one visits," Electra mused.
"I believe the nuns prefer it," the Caliph replied.
"It sounds a better choice than Egina," King Geoffrey said, warming a little to his visitor.
"Ah, Your Majesty, I am the Caliph at your service.  Forgive me for not announcing myself sooner.  Your charming wife has invited my men and I to spend the night.  I have hopes of an audience with you in the morning before we leave.  I have a proposal to make to you that I believe would be in both our interests.
Too late, King Geoffrey looked back at his soup.
"I am eager for King Geoffrey to hear of your ideas for an estuary," Queen Delphinia beamed with pleasure.
Geoffrey sighed, and signaled for the next course to be served.  Surely by morning he would think of an argument against an estuary.

Chapter 54

Fernland

The next morning King Geoffrey sat in his throne room, impatient to get on with the excellent arguments he had devised against the building of an estuary.  Such an estuary from the sea to the lake could bring in pirates.  Besides, Fernland was already well situated along an inland trade route that generated sufficient taxes.  They had no need of outside goods from ships.  He would be polite but firm.  He would wish the Caliph good luck in his relocation efforts and send him on his way.
Delphinia had wanted to talk more about the possibility of a royal barge the night before.  Geoffrey had pleaded exhaustion, gone straight to bed, and woke up early to sit alone in his throne room.  He had made no promises to his wife.  She would soon forget the idea of a barge.  Geoffrey was confident the meeting would go as planned.
Muller entered the throne room by a side door a few minutes before the Caliph was scheduled to appear.
"I got your message," Muller said.  "You agreed to meet with the Caliph?"
"I will be polite but firm.  We will listen to his proposal, then I will give reasons for my rejection of it and you will accompany him back to his ships to make sure he leaves.  Over and done with."
Muller rubbed his hands together.  "Over and done with," he repeated.
The Caliph appeared right on time and was announced by a royal guardsman.
"May I express my gratitude for your hospitality," he said, with a little bow.  "And for this generous offer of an audience with Your Majesty."
King Geoffrey waved him to a seat.
"You said you had a proposal.”  The King feigned a mild interest.
"I do.  Of course the plan is still in its infancy and I have no doubt you would want to add your own conditions, but...Her Highness Queen Delphinia expressed interest at the idea of a port for Fernland.  Since we've no commitments at the moment, we men of Taz, shipbuilders and harbormasters for generations, we would make ourselves available to undertake such an enterprise.  We could make River's End a port that would be the envy of all this western seaboard.  I wondered if such an undertaking might interest you?"
King Geoffrey let out a breath.  "Of course we have considered building such a port ourselves, but on balance we find ourselves better off, not to mention—more secure—without it."
"I see.  Perhaps the balance might tilt in favor of such a port if your security were assured and you had men experienced in such endeavors under your command."
"And just how would you propose to assure Fernland's safety?  For instance, from pirates?"
"As you have no doubt considered, entrance by way of an estuary lends itself to conditions whereby any unwelcome ships could be prevented from entrance through a water gate.  Such a gate across the narrowest part of the estuary would also be a natural place to collect a toll tax from any ships seeking entrance to Fernland's fair weather port—a welcome sanctuary in times of stormy weather."
"Yes, certainly, a water gate," Geoffrey repeated.  "By that you mean an actual gate across the water?"
"It could be an actual gate, or it could be a lock of sorts—a change in the water depth, an innovation that our engineers have some experience with."
King Geoffrey turned to Muller and Muller met his gaze with a blank stare.
King Geoffrey stood up and paced to a window that looked down on King's Lake off in the distance.
"Why would you want to do all this work for us?  You even offered to build a royal barge.  Surely if your men are as skilled as you say, you could offer your services for a fee rather than a gift."
"We are happy to be of service.  We would need to bring our ships in for the duration of the work to keep them safe from storms.  We would need to set up some workshops and temporary mills around the lake.  In my enthusiasm for the project I offered to build a royal barge for the royal family.  Of course I would need materials—aptly supplied from your forests—and a ship building facility to bring this promise to fruition.  All projects that we of Taz could do easily."
"And how long would such an ambitious agenda take?" Geoffrey asked.
"Perhaps two years, perhaps a bit longer," the Caliph said.
"And after that?"
"I am sure our exemplary work would bring in many offers of work in the future, from many nations."
"Let me be frank," the King said.  "Although I find your proposals surprisingly attractive, there is the fact that you now have no country to return to.  These temporary settlements have a way of becoming permanent.  We of Fernland are not looking to increase our population with outsiders, however talented and charming they be."
The Caliph smiled and clapped his hands.  "I admire such frankness.  I will be frank as well.  We will certainly be moving on once we have honored our commitments.  A few men will be  sent to explore while the remainder settle here to work on your port project.  At the completion of your port, we will move to the new place our explorers have chosen.  By that time I believe we will have cemented our friendship with Fernland.  We will be allies and trading partners from that time forward."
"How many people are we talking about?"
"We are seven ships and a thousand souls."  The Caliph did not add that four times that many women, children and parents were currently stashed at various seaports up and down the coast.
King Geoffrey turned back from the window to face the Caliph.  He had made his decision.  "For as long as you are here you will be taxed and subject to the laws of Fernland.  You will answer to me as King."
"Of course," the Caliph agreed.
"In time of war, your men would be required to serve."
"Without question," the Caliph said.
"Regarding disputes, the King's word is law."
"Certainly."
"In addition to the estuary and the royal barge, we will require a royal theatre on  the lake," Geoffrey said, nodding at Muller.
"An inspired addition," the Caliph said.
King Geoffrey sensed that he might have asked for more, but he found himself as charmed by the Caliph as Delphinia had been.
"Then I suppose you may as well bring your ships into King's Lake," Geoffrey said.
"It has been a pleasure," the Caliph said, rising from his chair with a parting bow.
Muller stared at King Geoffrey but said nothing.
"What are you staring at?" King Geoffrey asked.
"Just awaiting your orders, Your Majesty." Muller's voice was calm and neutral.
"You may go."
Muller moved to the door as quickly as he could without running.

Chapter 55

Fernland

News of King Geoffrey's acceptance of the Caliph's proposal traveled quickly throughout Fernland.  The river between King's Lake and the sea was dredged in record time.  Most of Fernland's populace journeyed to King's Lake to witness the arrival of Taz's seven ships.  A bandstand had been erected to seat the royal family and welcome the visitors.  Family picnic blankets lined the shores of the lake.  Take and his magic troupe roamed among the crowd entertaining them with magic tricks.
The first of Taz's ships, the Spirit of Taz, sailed on the incoming tide.  The name had been freshly painted in English, the outlines of its name in the Taz language barely visible.  She was decked out in the green banners of Taz as well as the red and gold dragon banners of Fernland.  The crowd cheered as the ship sailed into the lake.  The Caliph stood at the ship's bow, waving a red flag emblazoned with a gold dragon.  King Geoffrey, seated on the temporary bandstand, stood and waved back.  Queen Delphinia stood beside him, her hands clasped to her chest, enthralled with the sight of a ship on King's Lake.
The Spirit of Taz slowed as her sails were lowered and furled.  A giant anchor swung out to splash down in front of the people lining the lake front.  More cheering erupted as small boats were lowered and tunic-clad dignitaries climbed down rope ladders to settle into the small boats.  Sailors dressed in green trousers and shirts took up the oars and the small boats headed for shore.
The Caliph was first to set foot on shore.  He bowed to the people of Fernland and headed for the bandstand to bow once again to the King and Queen.  King Geoffrey greeted him with a smile and a handshake, then waved at the others who waited in their small boats to come ashore.  The men of Taz followed the Caliph to the bandstand just as the second ship came into view.  More cheering and pointing drew the crowd's attention.  The second ship was closely followed by a third and a fourth ship.  Within an hour all seven ships were anchored and King's Lake was dotted with small boats on their way to shore.
Take and his troupe gathered to watch the Taz men come ashore.
"That there's a whole lotta people," Smiles said.  "Ya spose they'll all just live aboard while as they build a port?"
"Where's their women folk?" Trixie asked.  "Are they still on the ships?"
"An' their kids?" Peaches added.  She turned to Take.  "Did ya see any kids when ya was on the ship?"
"No." Take stooped to shake hands with a small child.  He wisked a scarf from his coat and a coin magically appeared in his hand.  "We think they must have sent the women and children away when Barburee started their siege.  There were none left in Taz by the time we got there."
"Funny they didn't want ta go back ta wherever they took them women and kids." Bear pulled a little rabbit from his hat, then made it disappear back into the hat.  He paused for a minute, thinking.  "Don't it strike ya kinda odd they wanna do all this work fer Fernland?"
"It does." Take pulled a coin from a boy's ear amid laughter from the boy's friends.  "Maybe we can talk them into building our theatre first, before they come to their senses.  I've got a likely spot picked out."
"Where?" Angie asked, jumping up and down.  "Show us!"
Take walked through the crowd of picnickers to the top of a sloping grassy area that ended down at the waters edge.
"We could use the slope for seating people.  They could all see the stage that way.  The stage would be down by the water, so we could use the water as well, for part of the show."  Take faced his troupe looking for signs of approval.
"Use the slope," Tom said, slapping Take on the back.  "See there.  Isn’t our Take the smart gent?"
"Now yer not mad no more that we sprung Muller an' Hilgard with yer gold?" Smiles asked, his face full of childish hope.
Take's eyes narrowed at the mention of his stolen gold.  He looked at Smiles' hopeful face and forced his mouth into a smile.
"Muller must have made a good case for us when he gave his report.  I sure never expected anything like this from ole' King Geoffrey.  But so far all we've got is a promise.  If the theatre actually gets built—then sure—all is forgiven."
This promise of peace within their group lifted the dark cloud that had hung over them since leaving Barburee.
Trixie and Peaches danced around a bit chanting, "We got a theatre," then both fell to the grass and rolled down the grassy incline laughing and shrieking.
Bear stood at the top of the incline teetering between wanting to follow the girls down the hill and wanting to act like a grownup.  Smiles laughed at his friend and promptly fell to the ground, rolling down the hill like an avalanche.
At the bottom of the hill Trixie and Peaches yelled and waved at Bear.  Finally he dropped and bounced like a boulder down the hill.  Smiles picked him out of the air on his last bounce and stood him on his feet.  Bear stood there dazed and wobbly until Peaches put her hands on his shoulders to steady him.  Bear looked up at Peaches, grinned, and leaned back into her arms with a mighty sigh.
Take, Tom and Angie looked down the hill at their friends.  Angie lowered her voice to a whisper.
"Is it a fact what Tom said that they'll build livin' quarters fer us actors?"
Take shrugged his shoulders.  "Muller said we can ask for it.  That way we could act as security for the theatre and props when it's not in use."
"An tell 'er the best part, mate," Tom said, with a broad smile on his face.
"The best part?" Take repeated, clearly confused.
"Them livin' quarters would be havin' a real floor!"
Take smiled.  "That's a fact."
Angie swooned into a fake faint and rolled down the hill to join her friends and share the good news.  A series of screams and more jumping up and down followed.
Tom laughed as he fell to the grass.  " 'Ere we go then."  He wrapped his arms around his body and tumbled down the hill.  Angie stood her ground as he rolled into her and they both fell into a heap at the water's edge.
All the troupe yelled taunts and jibes at Take as he stood alone at the top of the slope.  He turned as if to leave and they all booed.  Then he finished his 360 degree turn and fell lightly to the grass, rolling down hill like a long skinny log, whistling all the way down.

The royal family was busy welcoming a long line of dignitaries.  Most did not speak English and the greeting consisted of a brief handshake along with a comment translated by the Caliph.  A few of the dignitaries spoke some English and remarks centered around Fernland's beauty or their enthusiasm for the port project. The last in line turned out to be the Caliph's two sons, both middle aged themselves.  The Caliph joked that his sons would soon be taking care of him.
The Caliph's younger son, Haddad, was a serious man whose eyes seemed more appraising than welcoming.
"Haddad is our chief engineer and ship designer," Caliph said.  "He will be in charge of the port project."
King Geoffrey studied the man briefly and waved Prince Avor forward.
"This is my son, prince Avor."
Caliph put his hand on his heart as he bowed.  "You are blessed, King Geoffrey, to have such a fine young man as your heir."
"Prince Avor has some interest in engineering.  I propose to have him work closely with your men in the planning and construction of this enterprise."
Haddad's eyes widened in surprise.  He quickly hid his expression with a bow.
"We are honored," he said.  "I will treasure his advice."
Haddad stepped aside to allow his brother to move forward.
"And this is my eldest son, Rabar—a skilled physician."
Rabar had a distracted expression, as though he had just been pulled away in the midst of some important task.
"A pleasure," he said, shaking King Geoffrey's hand and bowing at the same time.
The Caliph turned to his son and motioned him closer.  
"You will no doubt wish to meet the Princess Electra, who shares your interest in medicine."
Rabar blinked and turned his attention to Princess Electra, who nodded and smiled.  Since Rabar said nothing, the Caliph jumped in to continue his introduction.
"Rabar attended the school you mentioned—Egina.  I am sure you will talk more about it later," the Caliph said, looking pointedly at his son.
"Rabar looked up, realizing suddenly he was meant to say something.  "Uh...yes, of course.  I am at your service," he said with a bow.
King Geoffrey looked at the huge group of Taz dignitaries and sailors huddled in a group around the bandstand.
"Queen Delphinia has arranged picnic food for all," he said loudly.  "Find a seat on the grass and enjoy the day."
"A truly magnanimous invitation," the Caliph said.  He translated the King's words into the Taz language and his men began to drift off in groups along the shore.  The band began to play and a long line of waiters marched forward carrying food in buckets and on trays.  Soon everyone was relaxed, eating and luxuriating in the warm spring day.

Chapter 56

Fernland

The royal family sat on a blanket close to the bandstand.  Queen Delphinia chatted about how well the day was progressing, how beautiful the ships, and how charming the men from Taz.
King Geoffrey leaned in close to Prince Avor.
"I want you to stay close to Haddad, learn the language and report to me every day.  I do not trust these Taz people.  I will have Muller and Hilgard assigned as your assistants."
"They seem perfectly lovely people to me," Queen Delphinia said.  "Oh, look!  The Caliph is coming this way."
The Caliph bowed as he neared the royal family.
"My compliments on the lunch,Your Majesty." He patted his stomach.
"Please join us," Queen Delphinia said.
"No, I do not wish to intrude.  I thought I might invite Princess Electra over to speak with my son regarding medical schools.  He is distracted of late with worry over his plants, but I believe the beauty of the day has finally lulled him into a calmer state of mind."
"He is preoccupied with plants?" Electra's interest was piqued.
"Yes.  Sadly, we were forced to leave Taz in such a hurry, he had to leave many of his medicinal herbs behind.  And the few he managed to salvage are not thriving."
"Perhaps we have these herbs in our forests." Electra stood up as though she were eager to begin the search.
"Electra is quite knowledgeable when it comes to plants," Delphinia said, as she turned to face Electra.  "You must go and put his mind at ease if you are able."
Electra followed the Caliph back to the group that included Rabar.
"I have brought the Princess Electra," the Caliph said, catching his son's attention.  "You will tell her all about Egina and she will tell you if the plants your need for your research can be found in Fernland's forest."
The Caliph bowed and walked away to join another group.
Rabar was a short man, neither fat nor thin, probably around 40 years of age.  He had intelligent eyes, hidden behind spectacles, a straight nose and a generous mouth.  He managed a half-hearted smile as he spoke to Electra.
"You have some knowledge of herbs and plants?" Rabar made room for Electra on his blanket.
Electra sat down and arranged her skirts around her.
"I do."  She felt that this physician was being polite only because the Caliph had ordered him to speak to her.  She decided she should find out what he knew of medical schools and leave him to his thoughts.   "And you have some knowledge of medical schools?"
Rabar's smile reached his eyes.  He seemed to think it amusing that she wanted her answers first.  "Of course. We will begin there.  What would you like to know?" 
"What was your experience of Egina?" She thought it best to get right to the point.
"It is quite good as these schools go.  They keep meticulous records of the success or failure of various treatments.  They also make a study of the inner workings of the human body."
Electra shuddered to imagine how this last practice might be investigated.
"Your father mentioned that all the students seemed to be men."
"Sadly, this was my experience.  I believe they tend to label all women as too soft-hearted to be effective."  He picked up an apple and took a bite.
"I see."  She doubted that he was the least bit sad about it.  More likely he agreed completely with such a policy.
"Have you taken steps as yet to garner some knowledge of the science of medicine?" he asked
"I was raised by a sorceress who taught me much about the uses of herbs," Electra said.
Rabar was so surprised, he almost dropped his apple. "Surely you jest." He struggled to regain his composure.
"No, I do not.  It is common knowledge.  I have only recently returned to discover my place as a member of the royal family."
Rabar tilted his head and seemed to reevaluate Electra.  His face took on a stern expression and he cleared his throat.
"What herb would you use to bring down a fever?" he demanded.
"Willow bark," Electra answered without hesitation.
"For inflammation due to joint swelling?"
"The root of the Black Cohosh."  Electra enjoyed this little quiz and hoped he would ask her a more difficult question.
"For the fatal cough?"
Electra could have given the standard remedies, Hyssop or Coltsfoot but decided to name her own favorite.  "Sage."  
"For the bad blood?"
"Spikenard."
Rabar paused to consider her answers, then seemed to arrive at a decision.
"And you can recognize these herbs on sight?"
"I spend most of my time gathering them in the forest."
Rabar placed his apple on the blanket and looked into Electra's eyes.
"Your talent would be wasted in a school like Egina.  Work with me as my apprentice and I will teach you all I have learned there, as well as what I have learned in my own practice and research."
Electra searched his eyes and saw only integrity there.
"Your offer is most generous and unexpected.  I will consider it."  Now it was Electra's turn to look at Rabar with new respect.  "But please, tell me of your own work with medicinal herbs."
"Ah.  I have been seeking a cure for the tumors."
"Tumors!"
"Yes, the growths that grow and seed themselves, sapping the body's nourishment."
"I know what tumors are."  Electra remembered the people with tumors who had sought out spells from Serafina to relieve their suffering.  There was little Serafina could do for them other than give them herbs to relieve their pain.  "There is little we can do in these cases."
"But I was having some success with the infusion of two plants.  I would not know what you might call them here."  His eyes lit up.  "I could show them to you.  They are on the ship."
"Yes, you must show me. A cure for tumors!  Incredible!"
Rabar called out to a group of sailors who leapt up and ran to ready a small boat.
Electra stepped into the shaky row boat and sat down on a plank across the stern.  Two oarsmen sat in the middle and Rabar sat in the bow.  Within a few minutes they were climbing the rope ladder up the ship that held the physician's surviving plants.
Electra followed Rabar along the deck to a set of stairs near the ship's bow.  He led her to a cabin mid ship and pushed aside the curtain at the entry.  Inside, a row of boxes placed to receive light from a porthole held the withered plants.
Electra smiled as she inspected the first box full of little blue wilted flowers.
"Chicory!"  I could find all the chicory you would ever need five minutes from the lake.  Serafina used chicory in her love potions." Electra blushed slightly. "I have never heard of its being used to cure tumors."
"This chicory is a secondary ingredient.  Here is the main ingredient."  Rabar looked hopefully at Electra as she studied the second box.  Only a few green tendrils poked up through the soil of the box.
"These are bulbs, they will not mature into flower for several months," Rabar said.
"Most unusual," Electra murmured. "Bulbs that flower in the autumn?"
"Yes.  They sleep during our warm, dry summers in Taz.  Then the blue flower comes.  And the bright red stamen that is my main ingredient.  It is called the saffron crocus."  He pushed the soil aside to reveal the top of the bulb.
"I am so sorry.  I will search for it, but this bulb is new to me.  Certainly it is not common here in Fernland and may be entirely absent."
"I believe it is rare throughout the world, outside Taz, that is."  Rabar looked forlornly at his box of saffron bulbs.
"We should bring the box ashore where it will receive more light from the sun."
"Yes, soon."  Rabar shook off his melancholy.  "I must first return you to shore.  Your family will wonder what has become of you."
"My mother does tend toward worry."  She hoped Delphinia had seen her boarding the small boat.  Otherwise she had likely sent out a search party already.
On the way back to shore, Electra made her decision.  Becoming Rabar's apprentice would solve many problems.  In addition, she suspected the man was a brilliant physician, as well as a researcher.  When they stepped off the boat, Electra turned to Rabar.
"I would like very much to be your apprentice.  I hope your offer was not mere courtesy."
"Certainly not.  I am honored.  Will you arrange this with King Geoffrey or should I seek his permission?"
"I think it best that I arrange it.  I will send you word of his decision."  She hoped her father would favor the opportunity to plant one more spy within the group from Taz.
"Excellent.  I am encouraged by your acceptance."  He bowed and left to find the Caliph.
Electra returned to her family's spot on the grass.

"What did the physician think of your ambition to attend medical school?" Queen Delphinia asked as soon as Electra sat down.
"He believed I would not be welcomed at Egina."
"I hope you are not too disappointed, My Dear."  
Electra could not help but notice the look of satisfaction on her mother's face.  "No, I am glad of the information."
"Now we are to have a port, it should prove easier to gain information of the world outside Fernland," Delphinia said.  "We may even have teachers of medicine visiting our shores."
"It seems the world outside has already been deposited on our shores," Electra said.  "I believe it may not be necessary to journey to Egina."
Queen Delphinia smiled and clapped her hands.
King Geoffrey looked at Electra suspiciously.  "Oh?  Did Rabar have another suggestion?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Physician Rabar offered me an apprenticeship with him and I have accepted," Electra said with finality.

Chapter 57

The Castle at Fernland

As Electra approached the door to the family dining room, she had her arguments ready.  Her parents' reaction to her new apprenticeship had been subdued.  She supposed they wanted to speak to one another before deciding on a united front.
Electra knew Delphinia would prefer her staying at King's Lake to leaving Fernland altogether to study at a medical college.  She was more in doubt about her father's views.  Usually he acceded to Delphinia's wishes when it came to dealing with Electra.
She touched the door knob and was surprised to hear angry voices.  She eased the door open a crack and peeked in.  Her brother was speaking.  His face was twisted into a mask of reproach.
"Why not?" he asked.  "Why do you insist on calling Bataar our enemy.  He is really the only friend Fernland has."
Delphinia dabbed at her eyes with her handkerchief.  "Avor, you must not speak to your father that way."
"Then how should I speak to him?  Should I just say, 'I am going to Taz to learn to shoot arrows from horseback?  Bataar has invited me and I have accepted?'  That is the way Electra speaks to both of you and you both just accept it."
"We are speaking of you, not Electra," King Geoffrey warned.  He paused to control his anger.  When he continued it was with a much softer voice.  "Let me share with you a portion of Muller's report on Barburee.  When a kingdom surrenders to the Great Khan, the people of that kingdom are allowed to live.  Only the leaders of that kingdom are killed and replaced with members of the Great Khan's family or staff.  If the kingdom does not surrender, all the inhabitants are killed.  What do you suppose would happen if I made a decision the Great Khan did not care for?  What would happen to me?  To your mother?  To you?"  King Geoffrey looked into Avor's eyes.  "You will be king one day.  Your choice of allies will affect all of Fernland.  Never forget that."
Avor  looked away from his father, smoothing the parchment message he had received from Bataar early that morning.  "Bataar is not interested in Fernland as an ally or a conquest any longer."  He pointed to his message.  "This is a gesture of friendship.  It would be an insult if I do not accept."  Avor scowled at his breakfast plate.
A serving girl carrying a pot of tea walked toward the breakfast room, looking curiously at Electra who still stood outside the door, listening.  Electra smiled at the girl.  "Fresh tea?  Lovely."  She opened the door for the girl and followed her inside.
"Electra.  Good morning." Her mother wiped away her tears.
King Geoffrey and Avor said nothing.  They looked at her sullenly.
"Good morning to all," Electra chirped as she took her place at the table.  "It seems I have chosen a good day for travel.  Lovely weather."
"My Dear, must you leave today?  We have so enjoyed having you with us."
"I am happy I delayed my return to Helsop long enough to see those tall ships make their way into Fernland's new lake port.  That was a sight I will long remember."
"Yes, it was quite an event, was it not?"  Delphinia sat up straighter and focused her attention on Electra.  "Your father and I have discussed this offer from the physician, Rabar.  We do have a few concerns we wish to discuss with you."  Delphinia looked at Geoffrey and paused.  "Geoffrey?"
King Geoffrey looked up, still reviewing his discussion with Avor in his mind.  He turned impatiently to Electra.  "I surmise you have made this decision about an apprenticeship without consulting your supposed fiancé.  Does this mean your engagement to Dagon is ended?"
Electra was shocked.  "No.  Of course not.  Dagon will be happy I will be learning medicine here in Fernland rather than going far away to a medical school."
"He agreed to that, did he?" Geoffrey asked.
Electra sensed her father was trying to provoke her.  She didn't answer.  She thanked the serving girl who set a plate down in front of her.
King Geoffrey seemed to have lost interest in his discussion with Electra.  He stabbed a chunk of meat with his fork.
Delphinia leaned toward Electra and spoke quietly.  "Sometimes a journeyman will take on an apprentice just to relegate those menial tasks he does not wish to perform himself.  I would not like to see anyone take advantage of your generosity."
Electra nodded as she ate.
Delphinia continued.  "It would not be seemly for you to live on a ship with all those men.  We think our own physician, Rothman, would be a better choice.  With him, you could live here in the castle."
Electra was ready for this argument.  "But Rabar brings the research of the medical school, Egina, here to Fernland.  His knowledge is current.  And best of all, he is working on a cure for tumors.  This would be a great advancement were he to succeed."
Avor slammed his fork on the table.  "You see?  She puts forth a weak argument and does as she wishes.  With me it is only 'no, no and no."
King Geoffrey scowled at his son.  "At least she attempts to comport herself as an adult."
"Oh, I see.  As long as one speaks civilly, one may do as one wishes.  It is fine for her to marry a traitor and be friends with a witch, because she comports herself well.  I, on the other hand, choose to befriend a man who tried to kill both the traitor and the witch—a witch who tried to kill me twice—and my resentment is unseemly."
"Serafina tried to kill you?" Delphinia asked.  The color had drained from her face.
Avor sat lower in his chair, fearing he had said too much.  He shrugged and kept silent.
"Avor, I asked you a question."
"Ask Electra if you do not believe me."
Delphinia turned to Electra.  "Is this true?"
Electra didn't know what to say.  She knew they would never forgive Serafina now.  Kidnapping their daughter was bad enough, but trying to kill their son?
"I do not know," Electra said at last.  "I came upon Avor as he was under attack by crocodiles.  I was able to disperse them by slapping the water with my hand.  They knew from experience food would be waiting for them close to the cabin when they felt the vibrations from my hand.  Serafina used them as guards.  It was...unusual for them to gather for such an attack.  It might have been the presence of the horses.  I can not be sure.  Soon after this we saw smoke rising from the cabin and thought Serafina had been consumed in the flames."
"Avor said she tried twice to kill him.  What do you know about the other attempt?" King Geoffrey asked Electra.
"Again, it is possible.  I do not know for sure.  There was a forest fire.  Serafina had gone out.  I followed her footprints into the forest.  She had passed through after the fire burned out.  I believe she followed Avor's path through the forest."  Electra did not mention the cloth dolls she had snatched from the fireplace.
"If Serafina was responsible for General Pommell's death, she must face judgment," King Geoffrey said in a solemn tone.
Delphinia held her handkerchief to her eyes.  "I can hardly believe what I am hearing.  Both my children?  What sort of monster is my sister?"
"Perhaps I am mistaken," Avor said, wishing now he had held his tongue.
King Geoffrey stood up.  "I do not believe you are mistaken."  He looked at his son.  "This, however, does not change my mind about Taz.  You will report as ordered to Haddad at King's Lake in a week's time."  He turned to Electra.  "As for your apprenticeship with Rabar, I will leave that for you, your mother and Dagon to sort out.  Do not feel yourself required to report to me on any rumors you may overhear from the men of Taz."  He left the room.
Electra looked down at her plate.  Her father might as well have said he no longer trusted her to gather intelligence.  She glanced at her mother.
"Your father is upset.  We are all upset.  But we are a family.  It will pass."
Avor stood.  The resentment was still there in his expression, now overshadowed by guilt.  "I suppose I have caused enough trouble for one day."
"Avor, you have done nothing wrong," his mother said.  Avor was already hurrying out of the room.
Electra cast about for some reason to explain her delay in telling the details of Serafina's treachery, but found none. She spoke almost to herself.  "I am sorry I did not tell you what I knew sooner."
"No matter, My Dear.  When will we be seeing you next?"
It seemed Delphinia was no longer sorry to see Electra go.  Electra felt a pain in her chest and bit her lip to keep back her tears.
"I will likely begin my work with Rabar toward the end of summer."
"Yes, we will keep in touch until then."  Delphinia's voice echoed her distraction.
"I suppose I should be getting on my way back to Helsop, then."
Delphinia seemed to snap out of her reverie.  "I will order the royal coach for you."
"No, please.  You will have need of it yourself.  No doubt you will be going soon to check on progress at the lake."
Delphinia stood up.  "I will not have you riding horseback and camping in the forest.  You will have the royal carriage.  No arguments."
"You are too generous," Electra said.  Now she began to cry in earnest.  She quickly swept away the tears with the back of her hand.
"Here now, no need for tears."  Delphinia hugged her daughter.  "This has been such a trying time for all of us.  From Barburee's visit till now we have all been on edge.  When you return at summer's end we will have a proper visit."  Delphinia smiled at Electra and this brought fresh tears to Electra's eyes.
"Sit down and drink your tea first, My Dear.  A few more minutes delay will not matter."
Electra sat down and dabbed at her eyes with her napkin.  After a few sips of tea, she had her emotions under control.
"Perhaps it is as we first believed," Delphinia said. "Perhaps Serafina is deranged.  Did she show signs of insanity?"
"She is, of course, different from others.  She has abilities that we who lack them will never understand.  But I truly believe she did what she did out of love for me.  It was a possessive, illicit love, certainly, but though she fears very little, I felt she feared losing me."
"Geoffrey will issue an order for her capture."
"I know."
"If you love her, warn her to stay in Henge."
Electra looked at her mother and saw the sadness in her eyes.  She squeezed her mother's hand.
"I will be back at summer's end.  As you say, we will have a proper visit then."

Chapter 58

Village of Helsop

Electra and Dagon finished their meal and pushed their plates aside.  Electra picked up her sewing basket while Dagon reached for his sword and whetstone.  It had become their habit to have an evening meal brought to the clinic from the soldiers' mess tent.  They ate together and talked over the day's events. It was a time they both looked forward to during their busy days.
Voices drifted into the chart room from the clinic.
"How fares your patient, Alger?" Dagon asked.
"The end is near for him.  I am happy his family is here.  There is little I can do now, save give him a little poppy for the pain."
"He has had a long life, at least in Helsop terms.  Many in his generation starved during our lean years."
"Helsop has not had an easy time of it."
Dagon laughed.  "Our recent wave of prosperity is unrivaled in Helsop's history."
Electra chose a square of satin and began to stitch it onto a row of brightly colored squares.  "Any progress on the castle?"
"Very little.  Your mother seems to have lost interest in renovating your cottage.  As a result I have lost my major source of revenue."
Electra smiled.  "She has decided to build me a cottage at Lake Port instead.  She does not want me living aboard ship."
Dagon was quiet for a moment.  Talk of her upcoming remove to Fernland always upset him.  He looked down the edge of his sword, tested the blade with his thumb and slid the whetstone along its edge.
"I would have to agree with your mother on that point," he murmured.
"I will be coming back, you know."  Electra sought out Dagon's eyes.
"I know.  But it is small consolation till then."
"Isa thinks I should start my own medical school here in Helsop, once I have completed my apprenticeship," Electra said as she sewed.
Dagon stopped work and looked at Electra eagerly.  "And what do you think of her suggestion?"
"I find it an intriguing idea.  It seems there are few medical schools available to women."  She picked up another square of satin.  "What do you think of the idea?"
"I can think of only one thing that would make me happier."
Electra knew what that one thing was.  Dagon was impatient to go ahead with their marriage.  Electra did not want to veer off onto that subject.  
"Then you are in favor of such a school?"
"I will begin work on your school building without delay."
Electra had never seen Dagon so happy.
"Perhaps we should see first what sort of student I will be."
"Nonsense.  You are ready now.  I doubt there is anything this Rabar could teach you."
"I will return after my first month to report on my progress.  We might discuss the feasibility of such a school at that time."
"I see no reason to delay."
Electra laughed.  "I appreciate your enthusiasm but I see a multitude of reasons for delay.  We already have two uncompleted constructions here in Helsop.  Although..."  She paused, her needle in the air.  
"What?" Dagon demanded.
"I suppose my cottage renovation could be turned into a school.  I certainly have no need of such mammoth living quarters."
"Your wish is my command."
"Just promise me you will wait until my first visit home.  I may find I am ill suited to medicine after all."
Dagon just raised his eyebrows.  He did not point out the fact that she already worked every day as a healer.
"Your baby gifts seem close to completion," he said instead.
Electra held up her quilt.  "One is finished and this one nearly so."  The quilt was a patchwork of reds, blues and purples.  The sheen of the satin glowed in the candlelight.
"You are so sure there will be two?"
"Serafina is never wrong about these things.  I believe her time is very near."
Again, Dagon seemed uncomfortable, shifting in his seat.
"Perhaps I should go with you when the time comes.  I would like to find out more about these exploding arrows."
"Likely, the secret is closely guarded.  Now Fernland has a port I had thought to go from Henge to Fernland by ship."
Dagon set his sword aside and took out the knife he had taken from his would-be assassin.  He ran his finger along its curved blade.
"I am too well known in Henge to be successful as a spy."  He looked up from his work, thinking.  "I will send Deimos to Henge instead.  He will ferret out the secret of the arrows."
"Advances in warfare go contrary to the interests of healers."  Electra tied a knot in her thread and picked up a purple square.
Dagon knocked his whetstone on the table to remove the tiny pieces of metal that clung to it.  "Perhaps I will visit you in Fernland.  Now that we have your school to anchor you, I believe our alliance with Fernland will hold."
Electra looked up, surprised.  "Was there ever any doubt?"
Dagon's expression turned serious.  "We are speaking of Helsop here.  There is always doubt."
Electra returned her attention to her quilt.  "Then I am glad to have lifted your spirits."
Dagon set down his knife and put his hand over hers.  "You have no idea how much.  I speak on Helsop's behalf.  On my own behalf, I will only say—do not be surprised should I turn up soon in Fernland."

The next day, Electra received the long awaited message from Henge.

Electra,
Your sisters have arrived.  All are well.  We await your visit.
Serafina

Electra hummed to herself as she packed.  She put her dried herbs, roots, teas, salves and mixtures in one bag, along with a catalogue of where she had found her various plants.  In a second bag she placed her newly completed baby quilts, a change of clothes and shoes, some soaps and brushes and a tablet for taking notes.
She noticed the little box containing the two crystal doves that Odval had given her.  For two sisters, she thought.  She dropped the little box into her bag.
Dagon knocked at her open door before entering.
"You have news from Henge?"
Electra knew the guards would have told Dagon as soon as the message arrived.
"All is well.  Two little girls."
"So she guessed correctly."
"I doubt it was a guess," Electra said, as she buttoned the flap on her bag.
"How does she know these things?" Dagon asked, shaking his head.
"It is a gift, I suppose.  I stopped questioning it long ago."
"You are already packed?"
"I finished the second quilt last night.  I am taking a collection of herbs and remedies to show Rabar, but I have left a good supply, along with instructions on their use, in the clinic."
Dagon hovered near the door, ill at ease.  "I wish I could think of a reason to keep you here, but I cannot."
"You have promised to visit me at King’s Lake."
Dagon smiled.  "You sound as though you look forward to my visit."
"I do."  Electra picked up a bag and handed it to Dagon.
Dagon took the bag and stooped to pick up the other bag as well.  "I suppose that will have to be enough."  He looked at Electra for a moment, as though memorizing her features, then stepped aside to allow her space to walk through the door.
"Tandor will accompany you to Henge, then on to King’s Lake."
"I will be glad of his company," Electra said.  "When may I expect your first visit?"
"Perhaps a fortnight.  I will give you time to settle in.  I may bring a few tradesmen along.  I wish to test whether or not our treaty with Fernland extends to shipping goods out of the new port."
"I see no reason why it should not."
Tandor stood outside the cottage, a little way off, holding the reins of two horses.
"Tandor has food for your trip and a little money should you need it."  Dagon hesitated, then decided he had nothing more to say.  He hugged Electra and kissed the top of her head.  "I will miss you."
"I will see you soon at King’s Lake."
Electra mounted her horse while Dagon secured her bags to Tandor's saddle.
They waved their goodbyes and Electra was on her way to Henge.

Chapter 59

Henge City

Electra and Tandor arrived at Prince Blackwell's castle in Henge City mid-afternoon.  A warm breeze blew in from the ocean, giving the castle grounds a sleepy calm.  The gatekeeper had been expecting them.  He spoke first to Electra.
"I'm to take you directly to Serafina's quarters."
Then he turned to Tandor.
"Would you prefer to wait in the barracks or the kitchen?"
Tandor smiled.  "The kitchen sounds promising."
The gatekeeper called for a stableman to take the horses, and a page to lead them into the castle.
The page led Electra through stone corridors, slick with moisture.  He stopped in a patch of sun drawn from a slit high up on the wall and pointed to a door.
"The nursery."
The page knocked on the door, announced Electra, and stepped back quickly.
Serafina opened the door and a huge black cat's head wedged itself into the crack of the door.  The panther snarled and gave a warning growl.  The page retreated a few more steps.
Serafina put her hand on the panther's shoulder.
"Calm, Ebony, Electra is ours."
The panther sniffed Electra's hand and turned away from the door.  
Electra hugged Serafina cautiously, keeping one eye on the panther.
Serafina followed Electra's gaze to the panther.  "She has become very protective since the twins arrived.”
"She is magnificent." Electra remembered the gouged flesh on Bataar's back.
"Come, see your sisters."  Serafina moved to view the babies in their cribs.
Electra looked at the identical twins.  "How perfect they are.  They favor you I think.  Are you able to tell them apart?"
"They are identical physically, but easily differentiated by temperament."
"Their temperaments are manifest so soon?"
"From the first day.  Shalin is the older by a few minutes.  She is a dark pond, quiet and deep.  Esme is a mountain stream, active, curious, engaging."
Electra picked up Shalin.  The panther growled low is its throat.
Serafina stroked its neck.  "Calm, Ebony."
Ebony lay down near the empty crib.
Shalin stared at Electra with large dark eyes.  The eyes seemed to study her face, evaluating? memorizing?
"I am your sister, Shalin.  My name is Electra."
Shalin blinked once, then her eyes shifted to Serafina.
Serafina took Shalin, rocking her in her arms while Electra picked up Esme.  Esme grabbed Electra's finger and held on tightly.  She kicked her blanket open with her feet.
"Esme, you are a delight."  
Esme answered with a sound that may have been a cry, but seemed more like a demand.
"They've both been fed.  They will sleep now.  Come, sit with me.  We have so much to talk over."
They moved to a corner of the nursery by a window that looked out on a stream running through a grove of trees.
"This is a lovely room, bright and airy."
Serafina joined her at the window.  "Prince Blackwell has an eye for design."
Electra watched as the panther sniffed each baby, then circled and lay down between the cribs.  "You seem happy here."
Serafina returned a graceful nod.  "And you?  Are you declared dead and on your way to study medicine?"
Electra laughed.  "As it happens I have been shunned as a bride.  Bataar received a message from the Great Khan, commanding him to break off the engagement, as well as the alliance with Fernland.  Bataar was ordered to join his father posthaste at the siege of Taz, where he is now put in command.  I believe they are no longer interested in acquiring Henge.”
"Was it something I said?" asked Serafina, feigning an innocent expression.
Electra laughed loud enough to wake Esme.  "Sorry," she whispered, controlling her giggles. "Bataar actually asked my forgiveness for being unable to rid the world of you."
"I suppose he would feel that way," Serafina said.  "I do credit him for not giving up easily."
A knock on the door was followed by the wary voice of a servant.  "I have brought tea."
Ebony was up and waiting at the door when Serafina opened it.
"Stay,"  Serafina said as she took the tea tray from the skittish servant.  The serving girl hurried back through the doorway.
"They will become accustomed to Ebony in time," Serafina said, placing the tray on a table set between two chairs.  They both sat down.
Electra somehow doubted that, but said nothing.
"What are your plans for studying medicine now your death is undone?" Serafina asked as she poured tea for them both.
"There is more news from Fernland.  By a series of coincidences, the people of the vanquished Taz have now settled around King's Lake.  One of the refugees is a physician called Rabar.  He has offered to take me as his apprentice.  He attended Egina, and seems very well educated."
Serafina stopped with her cup half way to her lips.  "King Geoffrey allowed such a settlement?"
"I do not believe he is entirely in favor of it, but they promised to make River's End into an estuary to carry large ships into King's Lake, making it into a port for Fernland.  They also promised to build him a royal barge and a theatre.  One of the Caliph's sons is skilled in harbor development."
"I am still surprised he agreed to it."
"Delphinia was quite keen on the barge."
Serafina smiled slightly.  "Have you accepted Rabar's offer of apprenticeship?"
"I have.  In fact, I am ready to go there directly from here.  I believe my knowledge of herbs convinced him to make the offer."
"Not to belittle your expertise with herbs, but he would have apprenticed the village idiot to win King Geoffrey's favor."
"Very likely.  His father seems to be the group's leader.  He is called the Caliph.  The Caliph has charmed his way into Queen Delphinia's heart.  Rabar is cut from a different cloth.  He is focused on his work. He seeks a cure for tumors from an herb foreign to me."
Serafina took a sip of tea and spooned jam on to a piece of toast.
"You will study in Fernland?"
"I will stay at King's lake with Rabar.  Geoffrey and Delphinia are not entirely pleased with the plan, but have arranged for a cottage to house me."
"I am sure they would be opposed to any plan not of their own making."  Serafina ate her piece of toast before continuing.  "It seems a good first step for you.  It will likely clarify your interests."
Electra looked at her tea and decided the time had come to warn Serafina.  "I told Delphinia and Geoffrey that you are still alive and married to Prince Blackwell.  I did not tell them of the twins."
"I am surprised you had to tell them something they should have known.  Their gathering of intelligence has grown shoddy."
"There is more, I fear."  Electra sought out Serafina's eyes.  "Avor had an argument with King Geoffrey. As tempers flared, he accused you of setting the forest fire  in Chase Bound to try to kill him.  King Geoffrey will likely try to capture you and hold you responsible for General Pommell's death."
Serafina sipped her tea, unfazed.  "What was the argument about?"
Electra was puzzled.  "The argument?"  She paused to recollect her words.  "You mean the argument between Geoffrey and Avor?"
Serafina nodded and  Electra continued.  "Avor has become enthralled with Bataar's fighting skills.  He wants to learn the Barburee method of shooting arrows from horseback.  Evidently Bataar wrote to Avor, inviting him to come to Taz for lessons.  King Geoffrey refused to allow it.  Avor contends that Bataar is a friend to Fernland, proven by the fact that he attempted to kill both you and Dagon."
"Interesting," Serafina said.
Electra was dumbfounded by Serafina's lack of concern over King Geoffrey's desire to capture her.  That same lack of concern, however, cleansed Electra of the guilt she had been feeling for her part in her father's judgment.  She took a sip of tea and reached for a biscuit.
"I have presents for the twins."  Electra pulled her bag closer and opened the flap.  She took out the two quilts and the little box with the crystal doves.
"These are two crystal doves that Bataar's first wife brought for me before the Great Khan's message dashed Bataar's plans for acquiring a second wife."
"Bataar has a wife?"
"Yes, a very sweet girl who gave me this, hoping we would become as sisters.  Bataar asked me to keep it.  I thought I might give it to Shalin and Esme."
Serafina took the little box and quickly set it down.  She opened it with a napkin and took a brief look before replacing the lid and putting it on a high shelf.  She placed the napkin beside it on the shelf.
"Did you handle the doves?" 
"No.  I tried to return it to Odval when we learned the contents of the Great Khan's message but Bataar insisted that I keep it.  I believe he was embarrassed at having to retract his offer of marriage.  Is something wrong with the doves?"
Serafina stood up and washed her hands in a basin.  "They have been poisoned."
Electra's tea cup shook in her hand.  Her eyes grew wide with shock.  "Would I have died, had I touched them?"
"Quite likely, over time."  Serafina dried her hands and sat down.
"Why would she do that?  She had not even met me."
Serafina shrugged.  "I suppose she was not in favor of Bataar's taking a second wife."
"I did not see it.  Even Delphinia said she thought Odval a good actress."
Serafina smiled.  "You often fail to see the evil in people.  I have always considered it one of your best traits."
Electra's eyes took on a far away glaze.  "I might have poisoned Shalin and Esme.  Or you."  Tears formed at the corners of her eyes.
Serafina waved her index finger back and forth.  "Do not allow such a sordid thought to take root in your mind.  It will serve no purpose.  Rest assured, I will put the poison to good use."
Electra chose not to enlarge on that topic of conversation.  "I just wish I had better instincts."
"You will grow to become a good judge of character.  It takes only time and experience."  Serafina reached for the quilts.  "These are lovely.  You made them yourself?"
"I did.  Now that I have seen the twins, I see the colors suit them."  Electra glanced at the sleeping infants.  "Do you think they will have your gifts?"
Serafina pursed her lips, considering.  "I sense some stirrings in them.  I will know soon."
"I hope to visit them often.  Now that Fernland will have a port, I will be able to  come by ship to Henge."
"Yes, a port.  A port will likely mean a new balancing of the scales of power."  Serafina seemed to be considering the ramifications of such a port, then came back to an awareness of her guest.  "I will secure passage for you to Fernland.  When must you leave?"
"I will leave tomorrow.  I have a guard, Tandor, to accompany me."
"I will see to it."  She took Electra's hand.  "But now I see I have kept you too long from a needed rest.  You must be tired after your long journey on horseback.  Come, I will show you your room for the night.  If you like the room I will keep it available for you whenever you visit."

Electra knew she would sleep well that night in her beautiful room with a balcony overlooking the city.  She had worried over telling Serafina that King Geoffrey would be attempting to capture her.  Serafina had seemed unaffected by the news.  She certainly had not assigned any blame to Electra.  So much needless worry.  She had worried over leaving Dagon to begin her apprenticeship.  The hope of a medical school in Helsop had so elated Dagon that he now seemed to look forward to her advanced study.  And she had worried that her mother and father would find reasons to keep her from accepting her apprenticeship.  Now they were building her a cottage by the lake.  She began to wonder if worry were not just a waste of time, as Serafina contended.  She snuggled down into her soft cover and slept a blissful sleep.

The next morning Electra waved goodbye to Serafina and the twins from the deck of a ship bound to Fernland's new port, and her new life as a physician’s apprentice.

