Princess Electra Book 7  Containment

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2015 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2015 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2015

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske






Princess Electra Book 7  Containment

Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

In a northern realm, atop a steep plateau, perched the small medieval village of Helsop.  Helsop had neither king nor queen, but it did boast a castle and two renowned citizens—Dagon, Headman of Helsop’s militia, and his wife, Princess Electra, formerly of Fernland, now founder and head teacher of the School of Medicine. Princess Electra’s residency had done wonders for the previously impoverished village. Due to a treaty with Electra’s father, King Geoffrey, the Helsop residents were now able to sell their well-made tools and weapons far and wide.
Princess Electra and a group of her students, exhilarated and energized by their foray into the forest to gather the first fruits of spring, came to an abrupt halt at the entrance to the School of Medicine. Two saffron-robed men waited outside the door. 
Electra was very glad her aunt, Serafina the Sorceress, and her twin daughters, Esme and Shalin, were not visiting Helsop. Members of the same group of saffron-robed men had once kidnapped Esme and taken her to their sanctuary far away, believing she was their reincarnated goddess.  It was likely they had come here once again looking for their absent goddess. Helsop’s villagers referred to all the members of this religious sect as the Silent Men.
“What is it you want?” Electra asked the two kneeling men. She knew they spoke a language she would not understand if they did answer, but she was curious as to whether they had taken another vow of silence while they searched for their missing goddess.
The men did not answer, but pointed to their mouths. Electra took that to mean they had, in fact, taken another vow of silence. Then she bent forward to look closer at their open mouths. She jerked back in fear of what she saw.  Pulling her best friend and most senior student, Isa, aside, she whispered. “Did you see the bumps on their tongues?”
Isa nodded as she took a step back.
Electra put up her hands to keep her students back. “Quickly now, students,” she ordered in a loud voice. “Go to your rooms by the back entrance. Do not go near these men. They are in the early stages of smallpox.”
Electra waved her hand in the direction of the two Silent Men, motioning them to stand, and pointing them in the direction of the clinic. Thank the stars she had no patients there. She caught Isa’s arm before she could leave with the other students.
“Fetch Dagon. Tell him we have patients with smallpox. Ask him to find out where these men have come from. Tell him to send men to guard the clinic. No one must go in or out.”  She thought for a moment, then added, “Ask him to seek out anyone in Helsop who has had the pox and survived it. Only those few will be immune.”
As Isa and the students rushed off in different directions, Electra took a deep breath and led the Silent Men to the clinic. She hesitated at the door, knowing once they entered, the clinic would have to be off limits to any other patients, but there was no other place to put them. She pointed out a cot for each of the men, then walked quickly through the clinic to the chart room where she dropped the herbs and blossoms she still carried, fresh from the forest.
Electra sat down for a moment to gather her wits, knowing she must make the decision now, before Dagon came to forbid it. She fingered the gold physician’s crest she wore around her neck. An oath was an oath. She donned a pair of cotton gloves and a cotton mask to wear over her nose and mouth, hoping they would give her some protection, then stood slowly and walked back to the cots where the men lay waiting.
Standing beside the cot of one, she pointed to her mouth. The man looked at her with feverish eyes and opened his mouth. A rash of small red spots covered his mouth and tongue. The second man showed the same symptoms. They must have contracted the disease at the same time, a little more than a fortnight ago. She was about to lift up his saffron-colored robe to see if the pox had as yet spread to his body when the entrance of someone at the open doorway blocked the light.
At the same moment that Electra shouted “Do not come in here,” Dagon shouted, “Get out of there.” They both glared fiercely at one another. 
Electra gave in first and walked out the door, motioning Dagon, her husband, to move outside ahead of her.
Once outside, she shouted in an angry voice. “What are you thinking? I asked you to send someone to keep people out, not to be the first one in.”
Dagon suppressed an equally angry retort. “I believe the first one in would be you, not me.” His icy tone cut deeper than his anger would have.
“I am a physician. I am obligated.” Electra put her hands on her hips.
“These men are from a sect of kidnappers. If I had seen them first, they would be in the stockade, not the clinic.”
“Then we are lucky I saw them first, before they managed to infect your militia.”
For a few seconds the two glared at one another, their fear of the highly contagious and deadly disease overcoming their civility.
Dagon looked toward the houses of the village. “I have men canvassing all of Helsop, looking for any survivors of the pox. Would it not be preferable if those who are immune were the ones to administer treatment on your orders?”
Electra realized this plan made a lot more sense than her own plan of ignoring the risks. “I am sorry. Of course you are right. I will canvass my students as well. Young as they are, there are some among them who have survived the disease.” A tear rolled down her cheek.
Dagon pulled her into his arms and pressed her face against his chest. She could feel his heart beating much too fast. “You should not hold me. I may already have become infected.”
“Then I will be as you. I would not have it otherwise,” Dagon said.
Electra let out a long sigh. “How did they get here?” she asked.
Dagon continued to stroke her hair, refusing to let her out of his arms. “They came along on the blue Vagan ship that Serafina gave to the fishermen from Thebes River. I suppose they paid for their passage here. The fishermen waited all winter for the ice to break up before coming to fish our waters and sell our fish back to us. They were very disappointed to learn that we now have our own fishing boats and have claimed the exclusive right to fish the waters off our shores.”
“How many are aboard?”
“I would guess about twenty, but they have already come ashore and mingled with the villagers. Shall I send them away before any more show signs of the pox?”
“No. We must stop it here and quarantine the whole village. But they should stay aboard their ship until the incubation period has ended. Then we will know how big an epidemic we are dealing with.” Electra looked up hopefully. “Do you recall seeing pox scars on the faces of any of the Hammer Haven immigrants?”
“Actually, I believe I have seen such scars on a few,” Dagon said, frowning as he searched his memory.
“I must send messages warning Fernland and Henge to keep their citizens away from Helsop,” Electra said. “Also I had best tell Serafina the Silent Men are back, likely searching for Esme.  Serafina will no doubt be glad to hear they have the pox.”
Dagon scowled at the diseased men through the open door of the clinic. “For men of peace, they certainly do cause a great deal of trouble.”

Chapter 2

Kingdom of Henge

The Kingdom of Henge was Helsop’s closest neighbor, a two-day’s ride to the west.  Henge, a busy port city, sat at the edge of the great North Sea.  Prince Blackwell ruled over the city kingdom and commanded its well-trained army.  His father, old King Blackwell was still in residence.  He had ceded power to his son after sustaining a severe battle injury, which ultimately took his leg, but not his life.  The old king regretted his decision to hand over power to his son every day since.
Prince Blackwell, his wife, Serafina, his daughters, Esme and Shalin and old King Blackwell sat around the dining table in their castle in Henge City. Old King Blackwell alternated between drumming on the table with his knife and fork, and grousing about the absence of his bastard son, Phinn, better known as Take the Thief.
“Phinn said he understood about my objecting to his marrying a gypsy girl. If he understands, what’s the problem?” he complained to his family. “And what’s keeping him in Fernland? The heavy rains are passed. He and his actors should be able to make it here to Henge. They have homes here now. Better than where they are living in Fernland, I’d wager.”
Serafina looked at her father-in-law with a bland expression. “What makes you think Juanita is a gypsy?”
Old King Blackwell looked annoyed. He stared at Serafina disdainfully. “Maybe because she came here as part of a gypsy caravan. What else would she be?”
Serafina shrugged. “I understood her to be an orphan.”
Old King Blackwell’s mouth fell open a bit as he considered the ramifications of Serafina’s statement. “I suppose she might be only half gypsy – like Phinn.” He banged harder on the table with his fork, staring at the door to the kitchen just as it opened and Cook came through with a pot of tea and some baked goods.
“I’m not deaf, you know,” Cook said. “I’m shorthanded today. Some kind of cold goin’ round.” She put the teapot down and rushed back to the kitchen.
Prince Blackwell reached for the pot of tea while Serafina took a sweet roll and began breaking off pieces for each of the twins.
Old King Blackwell seemed lost in thought for a few minutes as he sipped the tea his son had poured for him.
“You are right, you know,” he mused, glancing at Serafina. “They say those gypsies sometimes steal children. This Juanita does seem a cut above now I think on it. I’m going to go down to that gypsy camp and see what I can find out about her.”
Prince Blackwell grimaced and gave his father a sideways glance. “I hope you are not going to cause trouble at the gypsy camp.”
“What trouble? I’ll just ask what they know about Juanita’s parents. How could that cause trouble?”
Cook came through the door with a tray full of scrambled eggs and ham. She gave old King Blackwell a scornful look.
Old Blackwell took the tray from her and began to serve himself. “About time,” he muttered as soon as Cook’s back was turned.

Electra’s message arrived just as the Blackwell family was finishing breakfast. Serafina took it, as messages from Electra were always addressed to her. After reading it once to herself, she read it aloud to her husband and father-in-law.

Dear Mother,
I am sad to report Helsop is in the midst of a smallpox outbreak. We have closed off our borders and sent messages of the epidemic to all our neighboring kingdoms.
The disease was carried to our shores on a ship of fishermen from the River Thebes. The first to show signs of the disease were two Silent Men who had paid the fishermen for passage here. They were likely looking for their supposed goddess, little Esme. These two are now being cared for in our clinic.
Be assured I am taking all precautions and restricting contact with the afflicted to those who have survived the disease and are therefore immune. We hope to have the disease contained within a month or more by isolating any new cases that crop up.
Your daughter,
Electra

Prince Blackwell quenched a shiver of horror as he considered Electra’s message. He turned to his wife. “She says she is taking all precautions. I am sure she will be all right.”
“Of course she will,” Serafina said, blotting her lips with a napkin. “She is immune.”
“She is? But she has no scars on her face as is usual with survivors of the pox.” Prince Blackwell’s face was a mixture of surprise and doubt.
“I gave us both a very mild case of the pox years ago when last an epidemic swept through Chase Bound,” Serafina said.
“You did what?” Prince Blackwell shook his head. “Surely there are limits to what even black magic can accomplish.”
“It has nothing to do with magic. It is a method of transmitting just enough of the disease to grant immunity. It was discovered by physicians from the Orient. I must leave at once for Helsop.”
“What? You cannot go. It is much too dangerous. Besides, they have closed the borders.” Prince Blackwell stood up, as if to prevent her going. Then he sat back down. “And, you just said yourself, Electra is immune. She does not need your help.”
“No, she does not need my help, but Henge does. I must have access to her patients to gather the ingredients required to make you and others immune from the disease. Also, I will not abide this quest on the part of the Silent Men for a goddess.” Her expression turned dark as she put her hand on Esme’s head and brushed aside an errant strand of black hair.
 Prince Blackwell stared at Serafina. He seemed in search of a reason to keep her from going to Helsop. “You would have to leave the twins behind. It would be too dangerous to take them. You see, even now they fear being separated from you.”
Serafina looked at Esme and Shalin. They both stared intently at their mother, filling her mind with pleas to take them along.
“Your father is right,” Serafina told her three-year-old daughters. “It would be too dangerous to take you with me. You are not yet immune to the disease that awaits there.”
Old King Blackwell stood up. “I’ll leave the two of you to sort this out. I’m going to visit the gypsy camp and find out who Juanita’s parents were. She might be more suitable than we thought.”
Serafina stood as well. “Stay,” she said. “I will go to the gypsy camp and find the answers you seek. I know how to discover the truth. In the meantime we should issue orders that no crew members aboard ships arriving at Henge be allowed ashore. If the pox is in Helsop it could soon find its way to Henge.”
Prince Blackwell paled at the realization. “I will see to it,” he said. “We will begin a list of those in Henge who have survived the disease.”

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

Serafina walked along the docks on her way to the gypsy camp, stopping at vendor stands to inquire whether anyone had been complaining of a rash accompanied by a fever. Many complained of colds but there was no talk of the pox.
As she approached the trail through the mud flats that led to the campgrounds, she considered the problem of leaving Esme and Shalin in their father’s care while she made the trip to Helsop. At three years old they were prone to lapses in following the rule forbidding displays of uncommon powers while in the castle. She knew if Prince Blackwell witnessed any display of abnormal powers on the part of his beloved daughters, he would not be able to hide his shock and disapproval. To date he had shown no signs of accepting or even acknowledging their unique abilities.  Any thought that they might have gifts in line with the black arts seemed to unnerve him. She could not take such a risk with her daughters’ vulnerable spirits. They loved their father too much to withstand his displeasure. As she reached the trail’s end, a possible solution flickered to life.

At the gypsy camp, Serafina found the camp’s unofficial leader, El Grande, and asked who might know something of Juanita’s parentage.
El Grande laughed at the unexpected question. “I supposed, now the snows are gone, that the old King would be sending me to Fernland with yet another note to his son, but this question is a surprise.”
Serafina did not share in his laughter.
El Grande cleared his throat and rearranged his face into a serious expression. “That information would be with old Zigana. You’ll find her in or about the red wagon with the yellow moon and stars.”

Serafina walked along a muddy path through a jumble of brightly colored gypsy wagons.  Some of the rear doors hung open to reveal the living quarters inside.
Serafina saw an old woman sitting on the floor at the open doors of a red and yellow wagon speaking to a group of children gathered around the rear wheels of the wagon. The woman looked up as Serafina approached.
“Are you Zigana?” Serafina asked.
“I am.” Zigana smiled. “Have you come to hear a story?”
“I have, as it happens. El Grande told me you would be able to tell me something of Juanita’s parents.”
“Now why would a Princess of Henge be interested in Juanita’s parents?” Zigana asked.
Serafina shrugged. “Is it a secret?”
Chuckling, Zigana spoke to her audience. “Run along children. I will finish this story of the snake and the mongoose another time.”
When the children had gone, Zigana observed her visitor. “Would you like to sit with me?”
“Thank you,” Serafina said.
Zigana slid aside and Serafina climbed up into the wagon to sit beside her.
Zigana lifted her wrinkled face to the sky, remembering. “Little Juanita was only a few months old when her parents drowned. I am her great aunt, her grandmother’s sister. There was no one else to take her in.”
“Were both her parents gypsies?” Serafina asked.
“Only her mother, my niece. Juanita’s mother, Lola, was a beautiful girl. She caught the eye of a blacksmith’s helper as we passed through his town. Good with horses, he was. I think his name was Josef. He spoke to Lola while we were stopped to get some horses shod. Then Josef came and visited Lola when we camped outside the town. When we left that camp, he followed us. My father was the camp’s leader then. He tried to send the boy back to his job at the blacksmith’s, but the boy kept following us. Finally my father let him in. After he and Lola were married and Juanita was born, Josef decided they should go back to live with his family.
Zigana shook her head, her face bathed in sadness as she continued. “They tried to cross a wide river over an old bridge as the water was rising. The old bridge 
crumbled and was washed away. We found Juanita washed up on shore in a basket that evening.”
“You never found their bodies?” Serafina asked in a curious voice.
“No. The water was running too fast. Josef was a sweet boy. He certainly loved Lola. But maybe he was not so bright.”
“Where was his town?”
“On the great sea, south and east of Chase Bound. I do not remember the name.”
Serafina hopped down from the wagon. “Thank you.” She looked around. “Any signs of rashes accompanied by fever in your camp?”
“No. Any sick ones usually come to me first. Why do you ask?”
“There is news of the smallpox in Helsop. We are closing our borders and allowing no ships’ crews ashore.”
A shiver of fear went through Zigana. “Thank you for telling me. I will be on the lookout for the rash.”

When Serafina returned to the castle, she found Esme and Shalin playing fetch with the wolves near the gate of the walled garden enclosure while Ebony the Panther napped under a tree.
“How would you like to learn to make cookies?” she asked the girls.
“Yes, yes!” they shouted, jumping up and down.
“Let us go and ask Cook if she would be willing to teach you.”
The little band of children and animals trooped into the kitchen behind Serafina. Cook looked up and nearly dropped her stirring spoon.
“Now then, you gave me a fright,” Cook said, clutching her chest. “Have you come looking fer a bone fer them wolves?”
“The twins have expressed a desire to learn how to cook,” Serafina said.
“To make cookies,” Esme added.
Cook laughed. “Cookies, is it? Matter of fact, I was thinking of making some cookies today. You girls think you’re old enough to help?”
“Yes, yes,” Esme shrieked.
Shalin nodded with a solemn expression.
“Girls, go up to the nursery and find your pinafores while I speak to Cook,” their mother ordered.
Both girls rushed out of the kitchen with the wolves and panther following close behind.

Serafina sat on a stool next to a cutting board. “I need to go to Helsop for a few days and must leave the twins behind. I would very much appreciate your keeping them busy in the kitchen while I am gone. I would, of course, reassign their nurse to help you in the kitchen as well. Would you be willing to give them some rudimentary lessons in cooking?”
“I’d be honored ta teach the little princesses,” Cook said, with a half curtsy.
“That will be a great relief to me.” Serafina stood up from her stool. “You mentioned that some kind of cold has kept your kitchen help away?”
“Yes, I’m shorthanded, but never you fear. I’ll watch over them two lassies.”
“Any mention of a rash or fever?”
“No, nothing like that, far as I’ve heard.”
“I believe I will put a protective force field around the kitchen, just to keep everyone within safe from harm. Perhaps you should wait out in the dining room until I am done.”
Cook cast a wary glance at her employer and left quickly.

Serafina had no intention of placing a force field around the kitchen.  She only wanted a plausible explanation for any magical hijinks the twins might get up to in her absence. She helped herself to a cup of tea and sat back on the stool, contemplating what she would need to take with her to Helsop. After she finished her tea, she called Cook back into the kitchen. The twins followed her in, dressed ready to cook in their painting aprons.
“If anything should suddenly go flying around the room, that is only the force field at work,” Serafina cautioned Cook. “There is no need to be alarmed or to report such occurrences to Prince Blackwell.”
Cook took a long look at her kitchen, from floor to ceiling, pressing her fingers to her lips. “Uh, thank you,” she said in an uncertain voice.

Mid-day, Serafina left her room and came down to lunch, packed and ready to leave for Helsop. Cook and the twins came out of the kitchen, beaming with pride as they placed bread, fruit, cheese and cookies on the table.
“What is this?” Prince Blackwell demanded, looking at his children.
Serafina sat down beside her husband. “Cook has offered to give the twins lessons in cooking while I am in Helsop.”
“But I thought you had decided not to go,” Prince Blackwell said.
“I must go. I would not have my family fall prey to the pox.  The ingredients I need to give all of Henge immunity lie waiting in Helsop.”
“But – cooking lessons?” Prince Blackwell glanced from his wife to his daughters in their pinafores.
“It will occupy them in my absence. I must not delay more.” Serafina turned to speak to her father-in-law as she stood up. “Juanita’s father was a blacksmith’s apprentice from a country near the Great Inland Sea. He was not a gypsy.  Only her mother was a gypsy.”
Serafina kissed the twins goodbye, then hugged her husband where he sat. “I will return with what I need to keep us safe from the pox.” With that she was out the door of the castle, leaving old King Blackwell to mull over Juanita’s parentage and Prince Blackwell to feel disgruntled over his apparent inability to keep his wife at home.

Chapter 4

Kingdom of Fernland

The Kingdom of Fernland sprawled to the south of both Henge and Helsop.  It was a prosperous forest kingdom with a more temperate climate.  King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia kept in close contact with their daughter, Electra of Helsop, who had been kidnapped as an infant by Delphinia’s unrepentant sister, Serafina, but had returned to Fernland four years earlier, at the age of sixteen.  The King and Queen’s son, Prince Avor, now seventeen, had left home to travel with the Great Khan’s army on its way to China, after an argument with his father.  Fernland’s monarchs both mourned their children’s absence, especially Prince Avor’s, since he had left without warning.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia lay sleepless on their bed as sounds within the castle faded and servants made ready to sleep.
“We really must go to Manoa,” Delphinia said. “And Electra and Dagon must go as well. After all, King Shabas brought both his sons to Electra’s wedding. It would not be fitting if Fernland were not well-represented at Queen Shana’s funeral.”
“But that would leave both Helsop and Fernland at risk of invasion by Prince Blackwell’s Army. I am sure old King Blackwell has been waiting years for just such an opportunity,” Geoffrey answered.
Delphinia considered Geoffrey’s words for a few seconds. “If only Avor were here. We could leave him in charge.”
“Or, we could send him to Manoa to represent us there,” Geoffrey replied. “But he is not here, nor do we know where he is. I still fail to see what he thought to accomplish by running off to join the Great Khan’s army just because we thought him too young to marry at age sixteen.”
Delphinia sighed. They had been arguing nonstop since early afternoon when the message arrived by ship at King’s Lake, that Queen Shana had succumbed after a long illness. Her memorial service would be held in three weeks’ time. She had not lived long enough to see her son, Prince Gallos, married to Princess Elka of Sandovia, but she had at least lived to celebrate their engagement.
“Perhaps Electra and I should go together to represent Fernland,” Delphinia suggested.
King Geoffrey seemed to be considering this suggestion. He finally spoke in a cautious voice. “That should suffice. I suppose Dagon could go as well. I could send some of my Royal Guard to watch over Helsop while he is gone. Besides, I do not think it likely Henge would attack Helsop while Serafina reigns there. She still considers Electra her daughter.”
Delphinia did not want to think about Serafina’s close ties to Electra. It would only serve to anger her as such thoughts always did.  Serafina had kidnapped Electra from her cradle and raised her as her own, but she had no right to consider Electra her true daughter.  Delphinia quickly changed the subject. “It would not be the same without you,” she said in a doleful voice. “Manoa is said to be such a beautiful place and I would not enjoy it nearly as much without you there to experience it with me.”
“Perhaps Avor will return before Prince Gallos’ wedding this summer. If he does, I could accompany you for the wedding instead of the memorial.”
Queen Delphinia gripped her husband’s hand. “That would make me happy on so many counts. Do you suppose he might return by summer?”
 “I am sure he will. He may already be on his way home,” he said in a confident tone, though Delphinia knew neither of them knew this to be true.
A quiet knock on the door sounded.
“What is it?” King Geoffrey demanded.
“A message has arrived from Helsop,” a voice called out from behind the closed door.
“What? That is impossible,” King Geoffrey proclaimed, jumping out of bed. “The drawbridge has been up since sunset.” He opened the door to level an angry stare at the frightened page.
The page looked at King Geoffrey’s chest, not daring to meet his eyes. “This message arrived in an unusual way,” he stammered.
“Speak up, what way?”
“It was rolled around an arrow and shot into the tower. The messenger rode off after delivering it,” the page said.
King Geoffrey grabbed the message from the page’s hand and began to close the door. Then, he added, “Standby. This is most unusual. I may have orders for you to convey.”
Queen Delphinia was already out of bed, lighting the lantern that sat atop their writing table. “Is it from Electra?” she asked.
King Geoffrey moved closer to the lantern, unwinding the scroll to see the signature. “Yes, it is from Electra.” He began to read aloud.

Dearest Mother and Father,
I have unfortunate news to deliver. We have been visited by a ship of fishermen from the River Thebes which carried two passengers who have fallen ill with smallpox. Since, as you well know, this is a disease that spreads quickly, we have sealed off our borders, allowing no one in or out.
I know your first thought will be to come to our aid, but I must caution you against such action. You must not send anyone to assist us, nor would we allow any helpers into Helsop. Containment of the disease is our only option. Know that we are taking all precautions and have enlisted help from those who have survived the disease and are therefore immune to contracting it. They will be our front line in nursing those who fall victim. I will contact you as soon as we are certain the epidemic has been contained.
Your loving daughter,
Electra

“Oh no,” Delphinia moaned. “Is there nothing we can do?”
“It seems not,” Geoffrey said.
“But surely we could send those here who have had the disease to help,” she insisted.
“I doubt they would be allowed to enter Helsop. And rightly so. We do not know how the disease is spread,” Geoffrey cautioned.
“And just when we had decided to approach Electra and Dagon about attending Queen Shana’s memorial service. This is terrible news. What if Electra or Dagon contracts the disease?”
“There is nothing we can do to prevent it. She says she is taking all precautions. She is very clever to enlist the help of survivors.” Geoffrey spoke with a certain amount of pride.
Delphinia lay back down on her bed, certain she would get no sleep tonight. “And now we are back to our unsolved quandary over Queen Shana’s memorial.”
“Perhaps not entirely back to where we started,” Geoffrey said, pausing to think. “With the pox on the loose I do not believe Prince Blackwell would be inclined to move his army out of Henge. It should be safe for both of us to attend Queen Shana’s memorial.”
Delphinia sat up in bed, gathering the covers around her. “But of course you are right. We shall travel together. It will be a real vacation. We can take our new ship, the Prince Avor.”
Geoffrey walked to the door of their room, pulling it open to speak to the waiting page. “You may inform the Captain of the Guard that there will be no travel to Helsop until further notice on my orders.”
 Back in bed, lying beside Delphinia, Geoffrey turned restlessly, before responding to his wife’s suggestion. “Yes, we could sail aboard the Prince Avor, certainly, but I think it would be odd were we to arrive in a ship manned by a crew from the vanquished nation of Taz. Granted, the boat works the Taz seamen have constructed is under Fernland’s rule, but  those same seamen do not even speak our language. I believe it would be better were we to wait until the Pride of Manoa comes into King’s Lake. We could book passage on that ship. More fitting, I think.”
Queen Delphinia stifled a yawn. “Of course, much more fitting to arrive in one of Manoa’s ships.” Delphinia wondered if her husband secretly objected to sailing on the Prince Avor because it would be dwarfed by the ships of other monarchs. “My dear, I do look forward to this voyage with you. But how I wish our children could be with us and out of harm’s way.”  Delphinia slid back down into bed with thoughts of visiting Manoa and supposed she might be able to sleep a bit after all.

Chapter 5

Village of Helsop

Serafina, wrapped in her dark sorceress’s cloak, took a roundabout path into Helsop, avoiding any arguments with the guards stationed at entrances to the village. She startled Electra when she stepped through the back door into the chart room of the clinic.
Electra’s hand flew to her breast.  “Seraphina! Did you not receive my message?” 
“No words of welcome for your mother?” Serafina asked, smiling.
“But you must not be here. We have an epidemic of smallpox. Did the guards not warn you?”
Serafina held up her hand in a gesture of ‘halt.’ “Be calm. I received your message. That is why I am here.”
“That is most heroic but I will not allow you to put yourself in danger. You must leave at once.”
Serafina sat down at the little chart table. “I am in no danger, nor are you. I made us both immune to the pox when you were still an infant.”
Electra sat across the small table from Serafina and leaned forward. “But we have no scars. How could we be immune?”
“It is a method I heard of from the Orient. The scabs from the healed red pox bumps are harvested from those who lived long enough to produce scabs. These are ground-up and mixed into a paste. The paste is then smeared around the sides of one’s nostrils. A fever and a mild case of pox result, just enough to give immunity. I decided to try it when I heard of an outbreak east of Lands End.”
Electra stared in wonder at her foster mother. “Were you not apprehensive about the outcome?”
Serafina shrugged. “Nothing ventured, nothing gained.”
“So you believe I will not contract the disease, even were I to touch an infected patient?”
“I believe it is unlikely, but you might become a carrier and transmit it to someone who has no immunity. As you are aware, we do not know how the disease spreads,” Serafina said.
Electra rested her head on the knuckles of her hand. “I am glad you are here. I have no one to talk to about the spread of the disease. I stay away from everyone for fear of infecting them.”
“You look as though you have not slept. Tell me what the situation is at present.”
“We have two men here in the clinic.  They are from that same religious sect whose followers abducted Esme last year. They must have carried the pox aboard the ship. They are now covered with red bumps over their whole bodies. One has an eye infection as well. I have students who have survived the pox tending to them, but it will be easier to treat them now that I know I am immune.” 
Electra’s head slipped off her knuckles in a groggy gesture. She jerked back to wakefulness. “Dagon ordered the fishermen confined to their ship, but not before they mingled with our villagers on their arrival. Now some of the fishermen are coming down with fevers and spots inside their mouths. These are the first signs of the disease.” Electra fought to keep her eyes open.
Standing up, Serafina took Electra by the hand. “I will take over for you while you sleep. You will be of no use here until you have rested. Inform your two helpers that I will direct them in what is to be done.”
Electra began to argue, but had a hard time forming the words. She looked up at Serafina who was already standing, ready to take over. “You are quite sure you are immune?”
“Quite,” Serafina said, helping Electra to her feet.

Serafina and Electra stood at the opening to the clinic behind the chart room. Serafina beckoned to one of the girls who hovered near the Silent Men’s cots.
“I am Serafina. I will take over while Electra sleeps.”
The girl looked at Electra, waiting for her orders.
“Yes, Vesta, Serafina is immune even though she has no scars.”
Vesta, still a pretty girl, though her heart-shaped face was lightly pitted and one eye seemed filmed over, nodded her understanding. “I believe these men will survive,” she said. “Their fever is breaking.”
“It is a treacherous disease,” Serafina cautioned, “but I am happy to see you survived it.”
Vesta bowed her head and returned to her patients.
“Will you have tea or food before you begin your duties?” Electra asked Serafina.
“No, I will report to Dagon and see to those aboard ship. I will come and wake you when it is time. Will you sleep in the School of Medicine?”
“Yes. I do not want to risk infecting Dagon. He has not had the pox.”
“I will be cautious, as well. Now off you go.”
Electra was asleep when her head touched the cot.

When Electra awoke it was dark and she had no idea how long she might have slept. She stumbled out of bed and felt her way along the walls to the school’s kitchen. Serafina sat at the dining table sipping a cup of tea and leafing through a leather-bound book open beside a lighted candle.
“There you are,” Serafina said. “You must have been very tired.”
“You said you would wake me!” Electra complained. “How long have I slept?”
“A day and a night. It will soon be dawn.”
“How are my patients?” Electra asked, dropping down into a chair beside Serafina. She still felt muddle-headed and drowsy.
“Unfortunately, the Silent Men did not survive,” Serafina said.
“But they were improving.” Electra narrowed her eyes in an accusing stare. When Electra had accompanied Serafina on a mission to retrieve Esme from the Silent Men, Serafina had been bent on revenge, even though the Silent Men had treated Esme with reverence. Serafina had rigged a sculpture of Esme with an hourglass timer to release a deadly poison through the sculpture’s eye holes.  At the time, Electra thought the released gas was only meant to put the Silent Men to sleep.  She later came to believe Serafina had hoped to kill them.  Now she suspected Serafina had taken this opportunity to exact vengeance on at least two of their number.
Serafina shrugged. “It is an insidious disease that sometimes affects the lungs in its later stages. They stopped breathing.”
Electra knew she would never be able to prove Serafina had killed them.  It was true that the pox could affect the lungs and that may have been the cause of death. And, Electra wanted to believe her foster mother had not killed them, if only because Electra had trusted her with these patients.
“And what of the fishermen on their ship?” Electra held her breath.
“All doing well enough. The Silent Men have gifted us with their scabs. I made a paste and doled it out to as many as wanted to risk trying it. Some among the villagers and some among the fishermen chose wisely.” 
Serafina glanced at Electra’s hand. “Where is your ring?”
Electra sighed. She was still having trouble forming a thought. “Taken by pirates. Perhaps it is as you said once before—the ring is finding its own path home.”
“Taken by pirates? This is a story I have yet to hear. I have brought you a book that tells the story of your ring, or one very like it.”
“My ring is in a book?” Electra repeated.
Serafina tilted her head as she seemed to contemplate Electra’s facial expressions. “Perhaps you would like some tea.”
Electra shook her head to clear the cobwebs. “Tea, yes. I mean no. I must check on my patients.” She shook her head again. “Did Dagon take your paste?” she asked, wondering if she hoped he had or she hoped he had not.
“Yes, he did,” Serafina said with a smile. “He may already have a slight fever.”
Electra stared mutely at the flickering flame of the candle, trying to focus on the work ahead, and wondering if she dare trust Serafina with any part of her school’s patient care.

Chapter 6

Village of Helsop

As Electra rode toward Cold Lake to check on the fishermen from Thebes, she could barely discern the blue ship floating on the blue waters of the lake.  Last year Serafina had taken possession of the captured Vagan ship and ordered it painted blue, sails and all, to hide it from the eyes of Vagan pirates as she and Electra sailed east to rescue Esme.
Electra’s mind drifted back to recall that adventure.  The Silent Men believed in reincarnation.  They witnessed some of Esme’s amazing powers and believed her to be their reincarnated goddess.  They had kidnapped her and taken her far away to their mountaintop sanctuary.  There they sang to her, worshipped her, and gave her anything they supposed she might desire, including two young wolf pups.
Although they treated Esme well, Serafina was not moved to forgive the Silent Men for kidnapping her daughter.  There was irony in the fact that Serafina, herself, was a kidnapper.  She had kidnapped Electra to punish her sister, Delphinia, for stealing King Geoffrey’s affections.
Electra sighed as she dismounted her borrowed horse at the water’s edge.  In her estimation, revenge seemed a heavy burden to carry. Better to let it go and move on.  Electra rowed out in a small dinghy to the anchored ship and climbed the rope ladder that dangled down at the ship’s stern.
Since Electra did not speak the fishermen’s language and Helsop had no interpreter with immunity to the pox, she was on her own in gathering those items she deemed necessary to stop the spread of the pox. She guessed that the Silent Men had been the carriers, since they were the first to develop the red bumps that characterized the disease.
 She visited the cargo hold where those with early signs of the disease had been moved, and began dispensing ointments to sooth the rash, and herbal teas to bring down fevers.  She recognized one of the stricken fishermen from her previous journey with Serafina to rescue Esme. He was the fisherman who had taught her to make fishing nets.  She spread birch-bark ointment on his skin to make him as comfortable as possible, then tried to communicate her most pressing concern to him.
Electra hoped to find and remove any contaminated blankets or possessions that the Silent Men had brought aboard. She looked at her patient, who would not understand her language and decided to try a pantomime. She pointed in the direction of the clinic, made a show of mouthing silent words to indicate the Silent Men, and laid her head against her hands with her eyes closed to imitate sleep. 
The man did not understand her at first, but she persisted with her mimicry, and finally was shown to an area next to the oars where a little nest of blankets and eating utensils lay abandoned. She gathered up everything the Silent Men had left behind and departed from the ship.

That afternoon, the immune villagers buried the two Silent Men along with their possessions from the ship and any items they had touched during their brief sojourn in Helsop. Electra wondered if their whole mountaintop sanctuary had been infected. Had they come to Helsop thinking their goddess, Esme, might save them?
Electra stood solemnly at the graveside as pock-marked villagers filled in the graves. She considered trying to compensate for the deaths of her patients by traveling to the Silent Men’s mountaintop sanctuary and offering to swab survivors with the paste Serafina had made. It was likely too late for that.
Electra stopped by Isa’s cottage on her way back from the grave site. She knocked on the door and Isa opened the door a crack.
“Electra, how goes the epidemic?” Isa did not open the door wider or invite Electra inside. One eye viewed Electra through the narrow opening.
“The two Silent Men died. I have come from their burial.”
Isa seemed to shrink away behind the door. “Do you think that was wise?”
“Serafina tells me I have immunity. The paste she offered everyone is the same type she used years ago to dose me. I was given a mild case of the pox to keep me safe.”
Isa opened the door slightly. “So you endorse her idea?”
“I do not know. She is seldom wrong. Did you apply the paste to your family?”
“No, I was too afraid I might already have been exposed just by being near the two Silent Men.”
“I understand, but if you change your mind, Serafina has given me some of the paste. She told me Dagon took some. I am on my way to check on him.”
Isa nodded. “I know. He was either brave or foolish. If we are pox-free after a fortnight and Dagon has survived, I will want some for my family.”
“May you stay well, then,” Electra said, hearing the door close behind her as she turned to go.

Electra walked to the one-room hut that comprised militia headquarters. She knocked on the door. There were no guards or militia men around.
“Come in,” Dagon called out in a cheerful voice. 
Electra opened the door and peered inside. He was alone in the little one room building.
“Electra!” Dagon said. “I am so happy to see you, or anyone, for that matter. No one is venturing out lately. I am told I will soon be immune to the pox.”
“I heard. Perhaps it is true. How are you feeling?” Electra asked.
“I feel fine. Serafina says I will become a little feverish and my nasal passages will inflame but I will quickly recover. So far nothing has happened.”
“Do you know of others who accepted the paste?” Electra asked.
“I know Dorian the Sword Maker and his son, Tandor, did. Deimos agreed to try it as well, though I reminded him he was second-in-command should I not survive.”
“I will check on them. I do not want to get too close. I took the blankets and utensils from the Silent Men and buried them with their bodies.”
“They died? I did not know.”
“I found volunteers among the pox survivors and they buried the bodies. The Silent Men were under Serafina’s care when they died. I was asleep.” Her eyes glistened with unshed tears.
Dagon’s cheerful expression faded. “You think she was responsible for their deaths?”
“I do not know. I only know I was not there.”
Dagon stood up. Electra could see he meant to comfort her with a hug. “Do not come too near just yet. We do not know how the disease spreads. I mean to take these clothes I am wearing and burn them.” She turned to go. “If you become feverish, send word to me at once. Serafina assures me I am immune since childhood and she is rarely wrong.”
“Are there any new cases aboard ship?” Dagon asked.
“Only two that I observed. The ones in the cargo hold are feverish, but holding on. I hope they will not leave and take the disease back to their village.”
“I am sure they feel the same,” Dagon said. “I will send the pox survivors by with food so they will not feel compelled to leave from hunger.”

When Electra arrived back at the School of Medicine, Serafina was sitting at the dining table, assembling her possessions.
“Are you packing to leave?” Electra asked.
“Yes, I am anxious to take my paste back to Henge. So far as I know, the pox has not spread there, but now that it is close by, I want to give immunity to the people of Henge.”
“We buried the Silent Men along with their possessions.”
“A wise precaution, I think.” Serafina shouldered her bag of clothes and supplies.
Electra noticed Serafina had not packed the book she had brought from Henge that mentioned the ring. “You have not heard the story of my pirated ring as yet,” she said. 
“Another time. Perhaps when you visit Henge to return the book.” She smiled at her clever ploy for ensuring a visit.
Electra returned a faint smile, even though she still suspected Serafina was responsible for the Silent Men’s demise. “I will come. I miss the twins and even their menagerie of wild animals so very much. Tell them Isa’s son, Little Dagon, asks after them as well.”
“I will.” Serafina stood and walked toward her with open arms.
“No goodbye hugs, please. I may carry the disease. The fates willing, I shall visit soon.”
Serafina gave a little wave and walked out the door.
Electra stripped down and threw her clothes into the fireplace.  As she watched them burn, she weighed the anger and the gratitude she felt as a result of Serafina’s visit. She judged the two emotions to be of equal weight.

Chapter 7

Kingdom of Henge

Esme and Shalin stood on barrels full of flour to reach the table in Cook’s kitchen. Esme had been assigned a bowl of dry ingredients, flour, salt and cream of tartar, while Shalin stood beside her with a bowl full of butter, eggs and honey.
As Esme stirred, she giggled and raised a little whirlwind of flour into the air. Shalin frowned, aware that her sister was breaking the rule of no magic in the castle. But her arm was getting tired, so she set her big wooden spoon to stirring the thick mixture on its own.
Cook glanced over to see how her charges were doing and gave a little shriek. “What’s got into them spoons?”  She grabbed the two girls off their barrels and set them on the floor.
“Bonkers, I call it,” she said in a loud voice. “I don’t know if that force field is protecting us or attacking us. It’s gone all whack-a-ninny as far as I can tell. You girls stay over here,’til it settles down. I don’t want nothin’ happenin’ ta’ the two of you.” With trembling hands, Cook combined the ingredients and put the cookies in to bake.
 
A few minutes later, Cook lifted her chin and inhaled deeply. “Now then, you smell that, girls? That’s the smell tells us our first batch of cookies is done.” She reached for a towel to remove the hot tray of cookies from the oven.
The smell was intoxicating for the two little girls. They watched carefully as Cook pulled the tray from the brick oven. 
Esme breathed deep of the wonderful aroma. She held up her arm and a hot cookie sailed off the tray and into her waiting hand. She gave a little yip of pain when the hot cookie touched her fingers and promptly dropped it on the floor. 
Esme’s two wolves lurched forward toward the fallen cookie, knowing any food which landed on the floor was fair game. The first wolf to the cookie grabbed his prize and burned his nose. He began to howl. In his haste to get to the dropped cookie, the second wolf tipped the heavy barrel of flour over onto his paw. He began to howl as well.

The door to the kitchen opened onto this din of shrieks, yips and howls as Serafina stepped into the room. Cool air rushed into the warm kitchen, swirling her dark sorceress’s cloak around her. She took in the situation at a glance and leveled a gaze of disapproval at her two three-year-old daughters.
Esme and Shalin allowed a small show of guilt, but were too overcome with excitement over their mother’s return from her week in Helsop to show much remorse. They ran to her and hugged her around the knees.
Cook put her hot tray on the table and wiped her face with the towel. “I’m that glad to see you, Yer Majesty. I believe that force field has turned on us. It’s been acting up something fierce.”
Serafina addressed the situation calmly. “Your cookies smell delightful. Were the girls helpful?”
“The girls ‘ave been little troopers. Worked right through all kind of strange goings on, they did. Not a bit of fear in either one.”
“Umm,” Serafina said, with an accusing glance at her children. She kissed the tops of two little heads and reached into her bag for a dab of the brown immunity paste. She brushed a smear of paste under each girl’s nose as she spoke. “Look here, you each had a bit of cookie dough on your faces.”
“The cookies are done now,” Esme said, standing on her tiptoes in excitement.
“And have you eaten one yet?” Serafina asked.
“No, not yet,” Shalin said, with a hopeful expression.
Serafina tilted the fallen barrel of flour upright and sat down on it. “Then I suppose we should all have one to celebrate your cooking lesson.”
The two little girls looked eagerly at Cook, who tested the heat of one with her finger. “I think they’ve cooled down now. Do ya’ want ‘em here in the kitchen or out in the dining room?”
“The dining room,” Serafina said, as she pulled the twins closer for a hug. “Why not invite your father and grandfather down for cookies and we can all sit together at the table.”
“I will get Daddy,” Shalin said quickly.
Esme’s bottom lip curled out into a pout. She had wanted to be the one to call her father to the table.
“Will you invite your grandfather down, Esme?” Serafina asked. “Next time it will be your turn to tell Daddy.”
The two girls ran from the kitchen. Serafina looked at Cook, who was still wiping perspiration from her brow. “I appreciate your looking after the girls in my absence. Were they difficult to manage?”
“Them two? They’re little sweethearts, is what they are.”
“I am going to hire more help for you in the kitchen,” Serafina said. “We are grateful.”
Cook smiled and blushed a little. “My pleasure, I’m sure.”

Soon the Blackwells had all welcomed Serafina home from Helsop with hugs and smiles and questions about her journey home. Now they sat gathered around the dining table.
“So is Helsop wiped out from the pox?” Old King Blackwell asked as he chomped on a cookie. “Good cookies, these are.”
Serafina regarded her father-in-law with an arched eyebrow. “I believe the epidemic is contained. I have brought back a salve that will give a mild case of the pox, just enough to grant immunity from the disease.”
“How mild a case?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“A slight fever and a bit of inflammation to the lining of the nostrils. Both are gone in a day or two.”
“Do you think we should chance giving it to the twins?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Already done,” Serafina said. “I would recommend requiring it for all your soldiers and for you and father as well. I have enough for all of Helsop.”
Prince Blackwell glanced at the twins with a furrowed brow. “I wish you had asked me first. We could have tested it first on a few soldiers.”
“It is best not to wait when the pox is on the move,” Serafina said.
“Were there many fatalities in Helsop?” he asked.
“Only two before I left. Two of the Silent Men who kidnapped Esme.”
Prince Blackwell opened his mouth to comment, then seemed to think better of it. He turned to face his daughters. “Did you girls help Cook make these cookies?”
“Yes. I stirred the flour and salt,” Esme said.
“I stirred the eggs and butter,” Shalin added.
“Well done,” Prince Blackwell said. He turned back to his wife. “We have been informed that Queen Shana of Manoa has passed away and we are invited to the memorial. I confess I am surprised by the invitation since we have never met either Queen Shana or her husband, King Shabas.”
“Shall we attend?” Serafina asked.
“It would be a sign of respect,” Prince Blackwell said, “but I hesitate to leave our kingdom unattended.”
“What are you talking about?” Old King Blackwell asked. “What am I? Dog soup? The Kingdom of Henge would hardly be left unattended.”
“Perhaps you would like to go to Manoa in my place to represent Henge?” Prince Blackwell suggested.
“I’m too old for long ship voyages. I’ll stay here and keep Henge shipshape.”
Prince Blackwell breathed out through his nose in an audible huff as he considered his options. “I suppose we could go and take the girls. It would give me a chance to see this White Cliffs Island Serafina has commandeered for its guano resources. Sometime in the future it might be necessary to enforce our claim to the white powder we mine there for use in making our exploding arrows.” Prince Blackwell looked at his father with a stern expression. “Will you promise not to declare war on anyone in my absence?”
Old King Blackwell held up his right hand, smiling. “On my honor – no wars.”
“Then I suppose we might go. The Pride of Manoa is due in port two days from now. We could book passage on it.”
“Perfect,” Serafina said, taking a second cookie. “That gives me time to administer the pox salve to all of Henge before we leave.” 

Chapter 8

Village of Helsop

Electra rowed away from the blue ship full of sick fishermen. There was little she could do for them. She had checked on seven new cases of smallpox this morning. Two of those already infected had died during the night. Her immune volunteers were already spread thin, helping to care for the stricken fishermen. Pulling her small boat ashore, she decided to drop by militia headquarters to see if any of Dagon’s militia men could be spared to dig graves. 
So far none of the Helsop villagers had fallen ill. She knew this did not mean they were safe and wished she knew more about how the disease spread. It was possible the infection might lie dormant for a week or two before the fevers and rashes appeared. Most likely, the two Silent Men had been the original carriers.
The door to militia headquarters was open. After  a cursory knock, she pushed the door open wider. The small room was empty. With a sinking feeling, she ran to Dagon’s cottage. She had purposely stayed away from him, fearing she might carry the disease on her person or her clothes after caring for those stricken with the disease. When she reached the cottage that had been her home before the pox struck, she flung the door open and searched the dim light for her husband.
“Dagon?”
“I am here,” came a raspy voice from beneath a rumpled blanket on the floor. “It is as Serafina warned.  I am a little sick, I believe.”
Electra took a candle from the table and lit it with a flint. She sank down beside him, pushed aside his dark hair and felt his pale forehead with the back of her hand. “Any rash?”
“Only some tenderness around my nose. I think it is not cause for worry.”
 “Your fever is high.”
“I have had worse. I only stay here, away from others, as a precaution.”
Electra took a deep breath and held the candle close to his face. “May I see your tongue?”
Dagon stuck out his tongue and Electra almost wept with relief. “No pox,” she said.
“As I said,” Dagon replied.
Electra set the candle aside and lay down beside him, burying her face in his shoulder. “I could not have borne it had you died from Serafina’s treatment.”
Dagon chuckled. “As you should know by now, it takes some effort to kill me.”
Electra knew he spoke the truth.  Many had tried, including Bataar, son of the Great Khan, the Vagan river pirates and her own father.  Thankfully all had failed. Thus far. 

Electra found others among the villagers that day who had agreed to try Serafina’s treatment and were experiencing mild symptoms of the disease. Thankfully, Serafina had left some of the precious salve with her. Surely now the whole village would want to take advantage of the miraculous deterrent. She supposed she might make such an ointment herself, from the scabs of the fishermen who were now falling victim to the disease.
She returned to the School of Medicine’s kitchen for a much-needed cup of tea. Her students were all keeping to their rooms as ordered. The dining room seemed unusually quiet. Only Coco, the parrot, was there to provide company. She scratched his neck, an affection he seemed to enjoy immensely. He sang out a bit of a nursery rhyme she had taught him. “Come little lamb, as fast as you can.” It still seemed strange to hear her own voice coming out from the parrot’s beak.
Electra noticed the book Serafina had left for her, lying open on the dining table. She sat down with her tea and began to turn the stiff, yellowed pages. The book was very old, written on papyrus in a language she recognized as old Latin, even though she could not understand all the words. The Latin text was interspersed with passages in another script that was completely foreign—little triangles tilted to and fro. The Latin words seemed to be referring to the meaning of the little triangular script. The book crackled with age, and she turned each page with care.
Many of the pages contained illustrations. Some were maps, some drawings of ancient temples or chariots. Serafina had written translations in the margins of a few of the pages. At least she supposed it was Serafina – it appeared to be her handwriting. But how could Serafina be acquainted with this ancient language? Perhaps she had help. Electra continued to turn pages carefully until she reached the one with the drawing of a ring – her ring!

Hours later, Dagon found her still at the dining table, reading - her tea long since forgotten and cold.
“I thought you would like to know my fever has broken,” Dagon said.
Electra jumped at his voice. His words barely registered with her. She had been so absorbed in her reading she had not even heard him come into the school.
“Dagon!” Turning, she looked at him closely and smiled. “Your fever is gone.”
Dagon peered over her shoulder. “As  I just said, but you were too focused on your book to hear me.” He glanced at what had so captivated her interest. “That must be a very compelling story you are reading.”
Electra thumbed back through the pages and pointed to the picture of her stolen wedding ring. “Serafina left this book for me. It tells the story of my ring. Enough has been translated to tell of its origin.”
Dagon frowned. “Now spring has come I mean to retrieve the ring for you and take those pirates to account.”
“Perhaps you should hear its history before you determine a course of action. It is a ring much heralded.”
Dagon sat down, his expression a mixture of curiosity and anger.
 Electra thought back to the year before, when her ring had been taken. She had traveled to Taz to be with Bataar’s wife at the birth of the Great Khan’s new grandson, and had been taken prisoner for a time by pirates. She knew Dagon still hungered for a chance to confront the pirates and take back her ring, but she hoped his curiosity might forestall his anger. 
“See here in the margins,” Electra indicated, bringing his attention back to the book. “Serafina has written in translations of the text which speaks of an ancient time, when the act of writing words was in its infancy. I do not know the age of the text but the world seemed a different place then. Superstition ran rampant.”
Dagon laughed. “Perhaps not so different. I believe this pox has brought out a multitude of superstitious behavior right here in Helsop.”
Electra nodded. She had noticed it herself – the recent additions of upturned horseshoes and cloves of garlic nailed to village doors.  She turned her attention back to the picture of the ring.
“It was the ring of a people who watched the stars. These Sky Watchers advised the king according to what the positions of the stars told them. People revered them and the king always paid attention to their advice.  They lived in a city called Kisher.”
Dagon was interested, but Electra could hear his stomach growling. 
“Has your appetite returned?” Electra asked.
“With a vengeance,” Dagon said, with a smile.  “I was hoping you might have something to eat in the school’s kitchen.”
“There is always dried fish.  And tea.  With luck, we might find bread as well.”

A few minutes later, they were back at the table, where Dagon wolfed down his meal. Electra took a few sips of tea before returning to her book.
She took up where she had left off in the story of the ring. “At that time it seems it was usual to consult the stars for any number of things. They made much of the rising and falling of certain constellations in the night sky. The relationship of the moon and its phases to some of the colored stars was seen as either auspicious or foreboding. The king at that time, his name was Jush, was said to have descended from the skies.”
“Did your ring belong to an astrologer?” Dagon asked.
“Perhaps,” Electra said. “The sapphires on the ring are positioned to reflect the placement of the stars in the Pleiades constellation. This seven sisters’ constellation, Pleiades, was said to confer wisdom and intuitive thinking on its wearer.” She looked up at Dagon.  “Wearing the ring supposedly gave one an almost magical ability to interpret the signs in the sky. The book states that King Jush never went into a battle without first consulting his sky watchers.”
“Does the city the ring comes from still exist?” Dagon asked.
“I do not know. Perhaps when Avor completes his sojourn with the Great Khan he will be able to tell us. With all his travels he might have crossed close to Kisher or at least heard of it - if it still exists.” 
Electra paused to wonder where her brother was at that moment and whether he would ever return to Fernland. King Geoffrey had decreed his son too young to marry at sixteen years of age. Only hours after King Geoffrey’s decree, Avor had left secretly with Bataar to join the Great Khan’s army. Electra hoped that by now, her brother had been able to forgive their father for his lack of support.


Chapter 9

Barburee Steppes

Sitting on a sheepskin outside his friend’s yurt, Prince Avor had no thoughts of family resentments or lost loves. He whittled the point of an arrow to fit the metal sheath that would cover the wooden tip. It was important that all the arrows for the crossbow be of uniform size and shape so they would drop seamlessly from the reservoir to the firing position. This was the second crossbow he and his new friend, Ansolve, had made since Ansolve had been recruited on pain of death into Barburee Army’s engineering unit.
Ansolve’s wife, Aliya, pushed aside the flap of her yurt to ask if he would stay for dinner.
“Thank you, I would like that very much, if you have enough,” Avor said. He never turned down a meal, even though he fully intended to have a second dinner with his ten-man unit after he left Ansolve’s yurt.
Aliya smiled. “We have just been given our month’s ration of food. We have plenty.  Come in by the fire. Do you know where the army is headed next?” she asked Avor as he ducked through the tent’s opening.
“Yes. The men in my unit are very excited. We are headed north over that last range of mountains to Khara Khara, the Barburee homeland. From what I have heard, many of the men have relatives there. A few will meet wives that have been promised to them. It should be a time of great celebrations.”
“Khara Khara,” Ansolve murmured. He sat near the fire as he sanded the wood on his newest crossbow. His newborn son lay asleep beside him.  “I have heard of it. No new attacks are planned, then.”
“Unusual, I know,” Avor said. The engineers and craftsmen who had been recruited into the Army as prisoners of war were told little of the Great Khan’s plans, but Avor, as the eleventh man in a ten-man unit was treated as a friend and fellow soldier by the Barburee men. Even so, he felt a stronger bond with Ansolve, who was essentially a prisoner. Avor did not really know if he, himself, was free to leave the Great Khan’s Army or not, even though he had been invited along as a friend rather than a soldier.
Ansolve fitted Avor’s newly made arrow into the crossbow’s arrow reservoir. “This one should be finished tomorrow,” he said. “Do you think you might be allowed to keep it?”
Avor shook his head. The proto-type crossbow that had saved Ansolve’s life, and the second crossbow they had produced for the Army had been swiftly confiscated by the archery commanders. Not surprising, since the Barburee engineers had been so impressed with the crossbow, they had offered Ansolve his life and an Army career if he agreed to transfer his skills to Barburee’s service. Avor was sure this new crossbow would be quickly appropriated as well. Not that he cared. He now knew how to make the crossbows and this knowledge had been his chief goal when he allied himself with Ansolve. The crossbow was a fearsome weapon, almost as dangerous as an exploding arrow, and it did not require the elusive white powder to operate it.

When Avor arrived back at his unit later that evening, his friend and mentor, Bataar, rose up to meet him.
“I have been waiting for you,” Bataar said in the Barburee language which Avor now spoke fluently. “My father has an assignment for you. I am sorry, it will take you away from our advance on China, but it is important. We will go see him now.”
Avor was flummoxed. Bataar’s father, the Great Khan, had an assignment for him? How was that possible? Avor had barely spoken ten words to the man. He was surprised the Great Khan even knew who he was. “Do you know what the assignment is,” Avor asked.
Bataar smiled a sly smile. “I know but it is better that you hear the assignment directly from my father. That way you will know it is a very important responsibility and honor he is bestowing upon you.”
Avor shuddered to hear the word honor. Usually an honor where Barburee was concerned involved fighting or killing someone. “Will you be assigned this same honor?” Avor asked.
“No, I am to be promoted. I will become a commander of one hundred.”
Avor raised his eyebrows. “Congratulations,” he said. “You certainly deserve it.”
Bataar shrugged. “We must go. We can eat later.” 
Avor was glad he had eaten his first dinner at Ansolve’s yurt. He seemed always hungry of late and taller every day. At sixteen, he was already more than a head above his friend and commander, Bataar.

Bataar and Avor dropped down from their short Barburee horses in graceful slides. Avor had come a long way from his awkward first attempts at matching the skills of the Barburee horsemen. He smiled to remember how grateful he had been when Bataar had offered to teach him how to shoot arrows from horseback.
They entered the Great Khan’s yurt and Avor found it very much like every other family’s yurt. The Great Khan sat on an exquisite wool rug with two officers sitting close by.
“Bataar, you have brought your friend. Good,” the Great Khan said. “Have you told him of our need?”
“No, Father. I have only told him it will be an honor and a responsibility.”
The Great Khan nodded and turned to Avor.
“We are grateful for Fernland’s service to Barburee. My son says you are a man of honor.” The Great Khan stopped as though waiting for Avor to confirm that he was a man of honor.
Avor gave a little bow. “Fernland is grateful for Barburee’s friendship.” He had no idea if this were an acceptable response.
The Great Khan pursed his lips and he seemed to be evaluating Avor. “Over the mountains to the north lies Khara Khara, the Barburee homeland. We will arrive there in three days’ time. Many marriages will take place while we are camped there. It will be a time to renew old ties for all.”
Avor began to have a strange foreboding. Surely, the Great Khan was not about to suggest a marriage between Avor and a member of his family. Avor’s mouth felt dry but he managed to swallow.
“My cousin, King Argon, commands a province far to the west,” the Great Khan continued. “His wife was called Bolgana. Bolgana’s dying wish was that he take a new wife from her tribe. King Argon intends to honor that wish.”
“Of course,” Avor said, feeling more and more confused about his own role.
“The new wife has been chosen,” the Great Khan said. “Her name is Cogatin.”
This time Avor remained silent and thoroughly confused about how he could possibly figure into this bit of family politics.
“Cogatin will, of course, need a chaperone to make the long trip back to the province of Hormu,” the Great Khan concluded.
Avor’s eyes grew wide. “A chaperone,” he said, nodding.
“It is a great honor and a great responsibility. Would you be willing to escort the new princess on this long journey to Hormu?” the Great Khan asked.
Prince Avor quickly gathered his wits about him and replied. “It would be my great honor to do so.”

Chapter 10

Khara Khara

The Great Khan’s Army came down from the mountains onto the grassy plains of their Barburee homeland with great fanfare. The soldiers sang a song of homecoming accompanied by hundreds of drums and cymbals.
The Khara Khara pasturelands were home to a small remnant of the Barburee nomads who still migrated here every spring with their flocks of sheep, goats, horses and camels. The nomads stood beside their yurts and flocks, waving their arms in welcome.
Before long, the pasturelands were full of the yurts of the Barburee Army and the sleepy village became a huge sprawling city. Those who had waited to hold their weddings in this, their revered homeland, wasted no time in going about their preparations. For most, the number of sheep and horses owed as dowry to the bride’s family had already been agreed upon. The new yurt for the bride and groom had already been fashioned. To complete the requirements, the groom only need appear at his bride’s family’s yurt with an extra horse for his bride. Once the newlyweds rode to their new yurt, families and friends would celebrate their marriage.
Avor was fascinated by the simplicity of a Barburee marriage. He supposed marriages within the Great Khan’s family might be a little more elaborate, but he would not have ventured a wager on his guess. It seemed the nomads were inclined to honor their traditional customs as much as possible, even though the Barburee Empire now stretched across half the world. Avor ceased his musings and set out to find Bataar and ask when he should be ready to leave with his charge.
After making inquiries, he found that Bataar was not in camp with his former ten-man unit. He supposed now that Bataar had been promoted to head a hundred-man unit his friend would be spending more time in the yurts of the generals. Avor was happy to have been assigned the task of escorting a Barburee princess to her new kingdom. So far he had traveled with the Great Khan’s Army without having to take part in any big battles and he was grateful. Khara Khara was almost at China’s doorstep. It would soon be apparent whether the Great Khan was looking for an alliance or a full scale war with China.
Avor headed for Ansolve’s yurt in the engineering section of the temporary settlement. He decided to wait there for news about his new assignment. He hoped the Great Khan would assign a guide to help him find his way to the Kingdom of Hormu with the new princess. He had a good memory for directions but there were many treacherous mountain passes to navigate before reaching Hormu.

As the sun dipped below the horizon, Bataar found Avor at Ansolve’s yurt. Smiling broadly Bataar said, “My father invites you to his yurt. You will meet the new Queen of Hormu province and your two hundred.”
Avor stood up, leaving his crossbow half varnished. “Two hundred what?” he asked with obvious confusion.
“The two hundred men who will be traveling with you. You are to be given a golden tablet. It is a great honor.”
Avor’s mouth fell open. “I am to have two hundred men?”
“Yes. King Argon of Hormu is a very important ruler. It is fitting that his new bride be properly escorted.”
Prince Avor did not know what to say. Does the Great Khan realize my only experience as a leader of men has been at a small boat works in Fernland? “Is your father expecting trouble along the way?” he asked.
“No, why would there be trouble? The Great Khan’s Army rules the earth.” Bataar swung his arm in a wide gesture.  “A large escort is a mark of respect.”
Avor nodded. “Has King Argon’s new wife been told?”
“Yes, Cogatin is a distant cousin. Very beautiful. King Argon will be pleased,” Bataar said.

A crowd had gathered at the Great Khan’s yurt. Some appeared to be generals and others appeared to be villagers – the bride’s family perhaps? Avor and Bataar stepped through the tent flap to find the Great Khan speaking to the parents of Cogatin. Cogatin herself stood beside them. At least Avor supposed she was Cogatin. She was the most beautiful girl Avor had ever seen. His heart lurched as he forced his gaze away from her and back to the Great Khan.
The Great Khan waved him forward. 
“This is Cogatin, the future Queen of Hormu. She will be in your care until you put her hand into the hand of King Argon.”
Avor nodded. He felt he should say something but no words came to mind.
The Great Khan reached down beside him and lifted a tablet made of gold. Words in the Barburee script covered the tablet. He handed the heavy gold tablet to Avor.
Avor took the tablet with both hands. He could not read the Barburee script and hoped someone among the two hundred would be able to tell him what it said.
“At each province you travel through the orders on the tablet will give you safe passage, the Great Khan said. “Accommodations and whatever supplies you have need of will be provided. You must keep the future queen safe. Your escort will number two hundred. You may take an additional ten men of your own choosing. Have you any questions?”
“Shall I send messages to you of my progress along the way?” Avor asked. He had many questions, too many, in fact, but he supposed this question would not sound too ignorant.
“A scribe has been assigned to you. He will take care of that. Any other questions?”
Avor shook his head. He knew he should say something but his head was in a whirl. “It will be my great honor to execute the Great Khan’s order,” he finally said, hoping it did not sound too much like one of the Caliph’s flattering platitudes.
The Great Khan nodded and turned his attention back to Cogatin’s parents. Avor stood up, clutching his new golden tablet. He realized he did not know when he was supposed to leave, where he was to meet his two hundred or how he was supposed to take possession of his charge, the beautiful Cogatin.
Looking around in a panic, he was relieved to find Bataar grinning at the opening to the tent. Avor moved quickly to join his friend and pepper him with questions.

Chapter 11

Border between Helsop and Henge

Take the Thief and his acting troupe waited at Henge’s border crossing for a guard to return with permission allowing them to enter. Helsop had banned anyone from entering or exiting the village due to its smallpox epidemic and Henge appeared to be following Helsop’s lead. 

Take had given old King Blackwell’s letter to the border guard to show that he and his troupe had been invited. He clearly remembered the words in the letter.

My dear Phinn,
You must come at once to Henge with your lovely bride-to-be and your fellow actors. We are planning a royal wedding for you here in Henge City. No expense has been spared. All of Henge is eager to celebrate the uniting of Phinn and his lovely bride, Juanita, at the castle in Henge.
Your father, Phinneas Blackwell

Take did not know what had brought this turnabout on his father’s part, since his father had made it clear he did not approve of this marriage. But Juanita wanted to take advantage of the offer, sensing it might be accompanied by an expensive wedding gift. Take had given into her wishes although he would have preferred a simple ceremony with only his friends in attendance and no strings attached.
 Still, the old King was his father, so here they waited, at Henge’s border, wondering if after their four-day journey from Fernland, they would even be allowed to enter Henge.
After waiting an hour, they saw the guard galloping toward them, coming over the rise at full speed. The actors shrank back, fearing the big stallion was going so fast he would not be able to stop before trampling them.
The guard yanked on the reins and the stallion’s hooves made deep grooves in the dirt.  When the dust cleared, the border guard handed the old King’s letter back to Take and began pulling down the barricade, apologizing for the delay.
“I hope you will not make mention to King Blackwell that you were delayed at the border,” the guard said. “It was a misunderstanding on my part, which I deeply regret.”
Take was surprised to hear a soldier of Henge apologize and even more surprised to hear his father referred to as “King” Blackwell. Since turning over power to his son, Prince Blackwell, the old King was usually referred to as Blackwell-the-elder or former-King Blackwell. Take began to feel uneasy about his decision to come here. Surely the old King had not managed to regain his throne. They would have heard of such an upheaval in Fernland.
The little band of actors continued up the rise, pulling their cart of costumes and props along a dirt path. They stopped at the summit to look back down at Helsop to the east and at Henge to the West.
Take hoped he was not bringing his acting troupe friends into another embarrassing confrontation with his father. They all trusted Take - short, skeptical Bear and his wife Peaches, Smiles, a gentle giant of a man, Tom, his best friend and Tom’s generous wife, Angie, Angie’s best friend, Trixie, Juanita’s gypsy friend, Esmeralda and of course Juanita, herself, his future wife.
Bear wiped his brow with his sleeve and caught his breath. “Did ye notice how that guard called yer ole dad King Blackwell,” Bear asked.
Take pursed his lips. So, he was not the only one to notice. “I’ve been thinking of little else. What do you suppose it means?”
Bear laughed. “What else could it mean but trouble fer the lot ‘a us?”
Juanita shrugged. “It could just mean the guard is in trouble for not letting us in right away and he thought you would like to hear your father called King Blackwell.”
“Sure,” Angie said. “That’s likely it. He just got ‘is orders in a tumble is all.”
Tom slapped his friend, Take, on the shoulder gently. “It could mean they’ve all been told ta make us feel welcome and that would be a good thing, don’t ya think?”
Take nodded, relaxing a little. “That would surely be a good thing,” he said.
They arrived at the castle gate by late afternoon and found old King Blackwell waiting at the gatehouse to meet them.
“Welcome home, Son,” the old King shouted. “And welcome home Juanita and all your friends.”
Juanita wondered why the old King had decided her gypsy heritage was no longer a problem, but decided now was not the time to mention it.
Soldiers rushed forward to take control of the heavy props wagon and the actors were glad to allow it.
“We’ve got your quarters all shipshape for you and I’ve reserved a suite of rooms in the castle for you and your bride,” old Blackwell said. He turned to the soldiers pulling the heavy cart. “One of you, go tell Cook our guests have arrived.”
The soldier saluted. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
Take’s head swiveled toward his father. There it was again. The soldier had called his father Your Majesty.
The old King smiled at Take’s expression. “Yes, it is true. Prince Blackwell and Serafina have left for a funeral in Manoa. I am acting King in their absence.”
Take was delighted with his father’s words. Although his father likely supposed his son’s delight was for his father’s increased authority, Take was actually delighted to hear Serafina was not in residence.
“Come into the castle. We need to make final plans for your wedding and I have a surprise for you as well,” King Blackwell said.
I am not one to like surprises, Take thought, but how bad could it be?

As the actors took seats around the dining table and dove into a high tea that included sandwiches and cakes, King Blackwell began to elaborate on his future plans for his bastard son.
“So, you see it was all a misunderstanding. Juanita is no more a gypsy than you  are. It’s too bad you never got the chance to know your father,” King Blackwell said, attempting a gracious expression for his future daughter-in-law.  “He was probably a skilled artisan. Could even have been nobility for all we know.”
Juanita had told Take her father was a blacksmith’s helper, but what did it really matter?  She leaned forward, listening with a rapt expression.
King Blackwell cleared his throat in preparation for his important announcement. “Phinn my son, I’ve decided to make you our ambassador to foreign kingdoms. You will be an ambassador with the ability to entertain and do a bit of undercover information gathering at the same time, if you catch my meaning. I’m going to purchase a ship for you and your actor friends from Fernland’s boat works.”
The actors all gasped at the same time at this revelation. It sounded as though all the air was being sucked from the room.
Take cleared his throat. “Ah… does Prince Blackwell know about this?”
King Blackwell leveled an ominous glare at his son. “I’m the King now. I’ll tell him when he gets back.”

Chapter 12

Kingdom of Henge

Take the Thief woke up early on the day of his wedding. It looked to be a rather boring affair with the guest list full of generals and public officials. Take had suggested inviting the Gypsy Camp and his father had given hollow reasons to prevent it. He was surprised that Juanita had not insisted – weddings were supposed to meet with the bride’s wishes, were they not? But Juanita seemed impressed by the offer of the ship and an ambassadorship and so said nothing about her gypsy friends. At least the acting troupe would be there and that was all that really mattered to Take.
At breakfast that morning, his fellow actors were in a raucous mood with much teasing of the bride and groom-to-be.
Bear stood up and offered a toast with his glass of apple juice. “To the bride an’ groom. May they continue to put up with each other fer the sake ‘a their fellow actors.”
The actors all laughed and Angie stood up, still giggling. “An’ may they soon have a pack a little actors following along behind ‘em.”
Take laughed with the others but stopped when he realized how odd it was that Tom and Angie were still childless after several years of marriage.
Tom stood up and smiled broadly. He looked at his best friend, Take, with love. “To me best mate, Take, and fer all you done fer us all.”
This brought solemn nods from his friends who could hardly believe all the changes in their lives since joining the acting troupe a few years ago. Only Esmeralda seemed unhappy about the upcoming wedding. She stood up, ready to make a toast, then put her glass down and walked away from the table. 
Juanita followed her friend into the kitchen where Cook stood, hands on hips, eyeing the girls with a quizzical expression.
“What’s the matter?” Juanita asked Esmeralda.  “Why did you leave?”
“It’s like you’re getting a new life and I’m not.” Esmeralda turned away from Juanita to look at Cook. “Maybe you need me back here in the kitchen,” she said in a dismal tone.
Cook lifted her hands, palms up, in a questioning gesture. “What’s up with you, girl? You was always the happy one, dancin’ and singin’ round me kitchen.”
“My best friend’s getting married,” she said, as though that explained everything. “And I am not.”
“There, there, now.” Cook put her big arm around Esmeralda’s shoulders. “Your time will come. You’re young and pretty as a peach and I know you’ll soon find your man.”
“You truly think so?” Esmeralda asked.
“No,” Cook said, shaking her head emphatically. “I know so. An’ I’m never wrong, am I?”
Esmeralda smiled. “I remember this game from when we used to work here.” She looked around the kitchen fondly.  “The answer is always the same.  The cook is always right.”
Cook returned her smile. “Well then. Now you know. Tell me more of the gossip. What’s this I hear about the lot a you bein’ ambassadors with yer own ship?”

Take wondered if he should check on Juanita and Esmeralda. Just as he was about to stand up, his father came down the stairs.
“Phinn, this is the day, Son. Any last minute jitters,” he asked, chuckling.
“No, none at all.”  Take smiled in a confident manner, and then pursed his lips. “I did have some questions about this ambassador’s job, though. I, ah…, wondered if you had anything specific in mind. Like any particular kingdom you might want us to visit?”
King Blackwell sat down and seemed to be pondering Take’s question before answering.
“It will take some time to get your ship built, of course. But in the meantime you could take passage on a trading ship.” He drummed his fingers on the table. “I don’t like the reports I’m hearing of pirate attacks of late. Prince Blackwell says there’s nothing to worry about so far north, but look what happened to Helsop. And Sandovia is just as far north as we are here in Henge.  Everyone knows Sandovia is overrun with the nasty thugs.”
The newly reinstated king shook a finger at Take and smiled broadly as he continued. “I like the way you think, Son. It wouldn’t hurt for you and your troupe to pay a visit to Sandovia and see just how many pirates they’ve got there and whether they’ve got ships fit to make it across the sea to Henge.”
Take’s jaw dropped. “What had given his father the idea he was worried about pirates. Now, of course, he was worried. When would he ever learn to keep his mouth shut? Maybe if he said nothing more on the matter his father would forget all about this conversation. Maybe the boat works in Fernland would shut down and there would be no ship built. Maybe Prince Blackwell would forbid it as soon as he returned. Take decided to change the subject and hope for the best.
Take smiled at his father. “I suppose I had best get dressed for my wedding. Would you like my acting friends to put together a little music for the festivities?”
“Absolutely not,” King Blackwell said. “Your friends are guests – more than guests. They are family.” King Blackwell smiled broadly at the members of the acting troupe, who were still seated around the table and listening intently to this exchange between Take and his father. “And they’ll all be living with you now, here in Henge.”
Take tried to return the smile but couldn’t quite manage it. It likely looked more like a show of teeth to his attentive friends.

That afternoon, with the accompaniment of a military band, Take stood waiting at the foot of the castle steps while Juanita and her bridesmaids walked down the stairs. She looked lovely in a pale blue gown and sparkling tiara.
When Juanita reached the bottom of the steps, Take took her hand and together they walked past the seated generals and dignitaries to a pavilion where the minister of war waited to officiate. They recited the traditional vows, Take kissed his bride, and they all moved to temporary tables of food and drink set up on the castle grounds.
King Blackwell seemed ecstatic. He danced a bit on his peg leg and drank too much. Take watched, grateful to be responsible for this bit of happiness.  He knew his father had only given over his kingdom to Prince Blackwell when it seemed certain he would die of his leg injury. Take was sure his father regretted the decision every day since he lost his leg. And yet today perhaps his father was glad to have recovered, to be able to celebrate his son’s wedding, peg leg or no.
 By sundown King Blackwell announced he was ready to retire to his quarters and encouraged everyone to continue the party in his absence.
Juanita leaned in to Take’s shoulder and asked, “Are you ready to get married?”
Take smiled, supposing some sort of joke would follow. “I’m just getting used to this one.”
“My family is waiting at the Travelers Camp,” she said.
Take arched an eyebrow. “Truly?”
“Truly.”
Take, Juanita and the acting troupe left quietly, leaving the soldiers and their families to continue the celebration.

At the gypsy camp, Zigana and El Grande greeted them in front of a huge bonfire. Gypsy music erupted around them. El Grande officiated at their gypsy wedding, asking both Take and Juanita to affirm their loyalty to one another. Zigana presented Juanita with the traditional gift of a necklace made of coins, and Juanita danced for her new husband, wearing the gold and silver necklace.
After a night of joking, congratulating, dancing and drinking, the acting troupe made their weary, joyful way back to the castle where their new rooms awaited.
“Are you happy,” Take asked his bride.
“Never happier,” Juanita answered.
With a jolt of surprise, Take realized he might be happy as well.  It was an unfamiliar feeling and one he did not take for granted.

Chapter 13

Aboard the Pride of Manoa

King Geoffrey helped Delphinia up the rope ladder to board the Pride of Manoa.
“I can hardly believe we are truly embarking on an ocean voyage,” Delphinia said, her voice a mixture of anticipation and excitement.
“Nor can I,” Geoffrey said, with less enthusiasm.
As he climbed over the railing, he noticed a well-dressed man who was standing at the ship’s bow, paying rather too much attention to the boat works on King’s Lake. The man was dressed in black with a silver fur cape that hung down to his knees. The colors of Henge.
“Welcome aboard, Your Majesties,” the Captain said, walking briskly to the ship’s railing. “I suppose you are on your way to Queen Shana’s funeral.” He smiled in a respectful manner.
King Geoffrey nodded. “Who is that man standing near the bow?” Geoffrey asked, as Delphinia moved on to inspect the ship’s main deck.
The captain did not even turn his head to look at the man at the ship’s bow. It was common knowledge that Fernland and Henge were enemies and the captain no doubt anticipated trouble should the two men come face to face. “That is Prince Blackwell of Henge, as I assume you already know or have guessed.” The Captain stared evenly at King Geoffrey. “We are not going to have any trouble on board over this are we?” 
King Geoffrey huffed. “Not on my part. As you say, we are on our way to show our respects in Manoa. However, I cannot speak for Prince Blackwell.”
The Captain nodded. “Thank you. I have put you in cabins at opposite ends of the ship, so there should be no cause for interaction if you wish to avoid it. The steward will show you to your cabin.” He motioned forward a man in uniform.
“Come along, Delphinia,” Geoffrey said, following his wife to the stern. Prince Blackwell continued to study the boat works and gave no indication that he knew Fernland’s King and Queen had just come aboard.
“Delphinia stared over her husband’s shoulder at the ship’s captain. “What were you speaking to the captain about?”
“That is Prince Blackwell standing in the ship’s bow, spying on our boat works.”
Delphinia drew in a sharp breath. “Is Serafina on board?”
“I do not know. Let us hope they will stay to their quarters on the other end of the ship,” Geoffrey said.

Halfway down the ladder to their cabin below decks, they bumped into Esme’s two wolves, now fully grown, who were bounding up the ladder to reach the deck.
Delphinia stopped, fearful of the two large animals, The wolves seemed to remember her scent and greeted her with tails wagging. The twins were close on their heels.
“Hello Aunt Del,” Shalin said, recognizing her aunt from the last time they had met aboard ship.
“You remember me?” Delphinia asked, surprised.
Shalin nodded.
“Are you Shalin or Esme?” Delphinia asked.
“I am Shalin,” the little girl said in a high voice that was young, but confident.
“You play the flute.”
Shalin smiled and nodded.
“These are my wolves,” Esme said, in a proud voice.
“Yes, I remember them.” Delphinia turned and pointed behind her at King Geoffrey who was watching this scene in amazement. “This is your Uncle Geoffrey,” she said.
“I am pleased to meet you,” Shalin said in a well-mannered voice. She nudged Esme with her elbow.
Esme gave Shalin an irritated look, but repeated her greeting. “Pleased to meet you,” she said to King Geoffrey.
King Geoffrey suppressed a grin. “And I am pleased to meet you both as well. Now one of us must go up or down or we will be here all day.”
Esme giggled and gave a little barking command as she backed down the stairs. The wolves managed to turn on the narrow staircase and King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia descended in a dignified manner.
As the twins resumed their intended mission, no doubt to join their father on deck, Queen Delphinia put her hand on Shalin’s shoulder.
“Please come and visit us in our cabin.” She pointed toward the stern of the ship. “We will have tea and cakes and perhaps play a game together.”
“Thank you,” Shalin said as she ran to catch up with her sister and the wolves on deck.
King Geoffrey frowned at his wife. “What was all that about and how do they come to know you so well?”
“Remember when I joined Serafina aboard ship to negotiate with her about the white powder you so desperately needed for your exploding arrows? The day I was forced to invite a kidnapper to our daughter’s wedding for the sake of our kingdom?”
King Geoffrey grimaced, remembering his mortification over having to concede to Serafina’s demand to attend Electra’s wedding. He had no more to say on the subject.

Later that afternoon there was a soft knock on the door of Delphinia and Geoffrey’s cabin. Delphinia opened the door and the two wolves walked in, sniffing the furniture, followed by the black panther and the twins.
“I am so delighted you have come for tea,” Delphinia said, checking the corridor for any sign of Serafina or Prince Blackwell.
Esme giggled. “We are supposed to be taking a nap.”
Delphinia smiled and covered her ears. “I did not hear that.”
“Sometimes we pretend to be asleep,” Esme said, continuing to giggle.
Shalin stared at her sister, pointedly.  She seemed annoyed by her sister’s willingness to give away their secrets. “It is all right because you are our aunt. Sometimes we go to visit Electra. She is our sister.”
Delphinia longed to tell them that Electra was not their sister, but their cousin. Something in the twins’ willingness to speak freely stopped her. She noticed that Geoffrey had also put down his book, the better to overhear.
“We know Electra. Sometimes we visit her in Helsop. In fact I met you there once when you were very young. Likely too young to remember,” Delphinia said.
“I remember,” Shalin announced with a bit of pride in her voice.
“Remarkable,” Delphinia said. “Then you know Electra is a physician.”
Esme nodded. “She lets us use our magic when we visit Helsop.”
Delphinia tried to contain her surprise. “Yes, I suppose she would.”
Shalin looked interested. “Why?”
Delphinia tilted her head. “She is a physician. She knows how to cure sick people. That is a type of magic.”
“Are you a physician?” Shalin asked.
“No, but I do employ magicians to entertain our guests from time to time. I am a great fan of magic.”
Shalin and Esme gave one another expectant looks.
“Can they do this?” Esme asked, moving a feathered quill off the nearby desk, through the air, and into her small hand.
King Geoffrey’s book dropped from his lap as he leaned forward to stare at Esme. 

Chapter 14

On Board the Pride of Manoa

Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey sat in their cabin, still stunned from their visit with Esme and Shalin.
“Did you see Esme’s chip move after it had landed?” Delphinia asked. They had played a game of Pitch where each player threw chips of wood onto a checkered board. Each little square had a number on it to show its point value. Esme’s chip had landed on a seven square, then slid quickly to the adjoining square with the number eleven. Shalin had accused her sister of cheating.
“I saw everything, unfortunately,” King Geoffrey said. “I would have sworn such powers impossible had I not seen them with my own eyes.”
Delphinia gave voice to her musings. “I wonder now if Esme was kidnapped for the powers she possesses rather than for a ransom.” 
King Geoffrey gave a shiver of dread. “Such powers could easily be put to dark use and Serafina herself is not beyond doing so.”
“And yet both girls seem generous of spirit and eager to please. It would be a kindness were we to steal them away as Serafina did our own daughter.”
King Geoffrey aimed a stern glance at his wife. “We are not going to kidnap those children.”
“Of course not. We are not kidnappers,” Delphinia said. “But I do fear for the little dears under Serafina’s tutelage. Likely Electra’s influence has been instrumental in guarding their innocence.”
“Why did you stop short of telling them Electra is our daughter, not Serafina’s?” King Geoffrey asked, his voice curious.
“I do not know. The truth will come out in time with no assistance from me. I so miss having children underfoot now ours have flown the nest. I do not want to say anything that might discourage the twins from continuing their visits.”
A knock on the door interrupted their conversation.
Delphinia opened the door to see her sister, Serafina, holding each twin by a hand.
“Please come in,” Delphinia said in as pleasant a voice as she could manage.
“That will not be necessary,” Serafina said. “The twins are here to apologize for bothering you when they were supposed to be taking a nap.” Serafina looked down at her two daughters; both seemed ashamed and embarrassed to have been caught in an act of disobedience. “Girls, have you something to say?”
Shalin glanced up at Delphinia. “Sorry,” she said.
Esme continued to look at her feet. “Sorry,” she murmured.
“They will not bother you again. They are confined to their cabin for the remainder of the voyage as punishment,” Serafina said as she turned to leave.
“Then I suppose I must visit them in their cabin,” Delphinia said in a calm, wistful voice.
Serafina swung back around. “What?” she asked, as though she must have heard something incorrectly.
“It would not do to keep an aunt from visiting her niece, would it?” Delphinia asked, her voice now controlled and pointed. Suddenly both women knew they were speaking of Electra, not the twins.
Serafina seemed at a loss for words. “I suppose that would be permissible,” she said slowly. “If the twins wished it.”
Both little girls looked up with happy faces. They nodded, their eyes hopeful. During their visits, they had eaten cake and played games and no one had objected to their little shows of magic. It was likely they did not wish to give up such delights.
“Then I shall visit tomorrow at tea time,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps I will bring a little surprise.”
Delphinia sensed a new respect in Serafina’s demeanor. She had been outmaneuvered, perhaps for the first time in her life. Let her wonder what the surprise might be.

Gazing out though a porthole in her cabin, Delphinia considered what her surprise might be. She had noted the caution in Serafina’s eyes as she had reluctantly agreed to Delphinia’s visit.
“You should have seen the expression on Serafina’s face,” Delphinia said, smugly.
“I did see the expression on her face. The door was open, you realize,” King Geoffrey said. “I think it is a dangerous game you are playing. The best way to keep peace in Fernland is to avoid contact with any of Henge’s Royal Family whenever possible.”
“What harm can it do to show a bit of kindness to two sweet girls?”
“Two sweet girls with powers beyond our comprehension, who happen to be the daughters of a sorceress,” Geoffrey noted.
Delphinia shrugged. “I have no plans to antagonize Serafina.”
King Geoffrey regarded his wife with suspicion. “You have forgiven her for kidnapping Electra?”
“Never,” Delphinia said, then quickly changed the subject. “I thought I might search through my shawls to find one fit to be retired. I could make two small gowns from it to fit the twins’ dolls.” She began to rummage through her trunk full of clothes and chose a shawl made of red satin with a gold border.
King Geoffrey picked up a nautical chart and proceeded to track their progress toward Manoa.

The next afternoon Delphinia left her cabin carrying a plate full of cakes and two small boxes tied with bows. She walked to the bow of the ship and knocked on the door farthest from the stern.
Serafina opened the door. The twins were with her. Their eyes went to the gifts Delphinia carried and stayed there.
“The surprise?” Serafina asked, tilting her jaw in the direction of the small boxes.
“Yes,” Delphinia said. She looked down at the eager twins. “I hope you will like the surprise.”
Serafina stood aside and Delphinia came through the cabin door. The cabin had an adjoining room which she assumed was the twins’ sleeping area.
Serafina sat on a bunk and motioned Delphinia toward the chair at the desk.
Delphinia was happy to see two dolls in a corner where the panther lay curled on a blanket. She handed a box to each little girl who wasted no time in tearing off the ribbons. Delighted, they held up the small satin evening gowns.
“They are dancing gowns for your dolls,” Delphinia said.
The girls immediately ran to dress their dolls in their new clothes. Serafina seemed relieved to see how innocuous the presents had turned out to be. She stood up.
“I will leave you to play dolls with the girls, then,” she said, throwing a cloak over her shoulders. “I am to meet Prince Blackwell on deck.”
“Of course,” Delphinia said in a pleasant voice.

Delphinia watched the girls hold their newly outfitted dolls up to mimic dancing. Within a few minutes of their mother’s leaving, the dolls took to the air to dance on their own.
Delphinia smiled. “Would your dolls like a bit of cake do you suppose?”
“Mine would,” Esme said.
“Mine would, too,” Shalin agreed.
“Well then, perhaps we should join them and have a bit ourselves.”
Esme and Shalin ran to hug their Aunt Del.
“I know,” Delphinia said, circling them with her arms, warmed by the unspoken ‘thanks yous’ that suddenly filled her mind. “And you are both very welcome.”

Chapter 15

Village of Helsop

Electra washed her face and hands and threw her dress into the fire. It had been five days with no new outbreaks among the fishermen. None of the villagers had yet contracted the deadly pox and those who initially refused the suspect salve had now been round to the clinic to ask for it.
“Anyone home?” Dagon asked as he came through the door of the School of Medicine. He sniffed the air. “Burning another dress?”
“The last one, I hope. I see no reason to continue to board the fishermen’s boat. There are no new cases. My students can take over now. We all seem to have immunity, thanks to Serafina’s paste.”
“We were fortunate she showed up when she did,” Dagon said.
“Very fortunate. I thought I might make a trip to Henge to return her book and inquire about any news of the disease spreading. I feel I should go on to Fernland and offer the salve to residents there as well. I would not want to lose my parents to the disease.”
Dagon nodded. “I am sure they would appreciate it. Would you like me to come with you?”
Electra shrugged. “You could if you wish. I will visit with Serafina and the twins for a day or two and then board a ship bound for King’s Lake. I plan to argue in favor of the paste but I know many will be reluctant to try it. I could point to you as one who took the treatment and survived.”
Dagon considered her invitation and pursed his lips. “Perhaps Tandor would do as well. He took the treatment and survived. We all did, in fact. I cannot imagine what I would do in Henge while you were occupied with Serafina and the twins. Nor in Fernland, for that matter.”
“It might be best if you stay. Now they are cured, I think the fishermen may be inclined to poach a bit from our waters. They only lost six men. That is a good result where smallpox is concerned.”
Dagon nodded, smiling. “We might send them off with a friendly escort of our own two fishing boats. They would be less inclined to poach with us watching.” 
“I believe I am done for the day. Will you join me for a meal? Some fish perhaps?”
Dagon laughed. They had fish every day.
“I would be delighted,” he said.

Electra left the next morning with Tandor. She had a bag packed full of the salve that she hoped to administer to Fernland’s residents. And she had the book that contained information about her captured ring. She hoped Serafina might be able to translate more of the strange language from the pages adjoining the drawing of the ring.

Electra and Tandor kept to a brisk pace on their mounts and made it to Henge midday of the second day. Electra had to convince the border guards that both she and Tandor were now immune to the disease and posed no threat as carriers. Then she praised them for their caution in screening travelers.

When they arrived at the castle, Electra was sorry to hear Serafina, Prince Blackwell and the twins had all departed to Manoa for a funeral. She was surprised to find Take and his acting troupe in residence. They were eating lunch at the dining table when Electra arrived.
“Take, are you here for a performance?” Electra asked.
Old King Blackwell stood up. “Phinn and his wife live here now. And his friends as well. Will you join us for lunch?”
“Thank you. I would appreciate it. We pressed on to arrive today and did not take time to eat,” Electra said, finding a seat next to Angie.
“Is Dagon with you?” Angie asked.
“No, I came with Tandor. He is often assigned to watch over me. He prefers to stay at the barracks when we are here in Henge.”
Bear looked up from his plate. “We heard yer whole village was down with the pox. Yer border guards kept us movin’, tellin’ us to steer clear of Helsop.”
Electra nodded. “Helsop was fortunate. Just after the pox arrived on a boat full of fishermen from the River Thebes, Serafina arrived with knowledge of how to make the immunizing paste. All of us in Helsop were spared, but many of the fishermen feel ill. Six died plus the two Silent Men with them. The Silent Men were the first to die.”
King Blackwell spoke up. “She gave all of Henge the salve as well. We’ve had no cases here.”
“What salve?” Take asked.
King Blackwell looked concerned. “You just missed it, Son. She ordered the whole of the Army to rub it in their noses.” He looked at Electra. “You wouldn’t happen to have any of that salve on you for Phinn and his friends?”
It took Electra a moment to remember that Phinn was Take the Thief’s given name. “I do. In fact I plan to take a boat to Fernland to offer it to the residents there. I would be happy to share it with you.”
Juanita spoke up. “What makes you so sure it works?” 
“I found out Serafina used it to immunize me as a child. I have been with the sick every day and have not contracted the disease. The whole village of Helsop has now used it. It produces a mild case of the disease that brings a fever and weakness for a day or two – then immunity.”
After some discussion they all agreed to try it.
“I will stay for a day or two to make sure you all recover before I leave for Fernland,” Electra said.
King Blackwell pointed his cane at his son. “Phinn, you should go along when she leaves. We need to order that ship built. Now spring is here, the ports will get busy and we want to get our order in first.” 
“You are ordering a ship from the boat works?” Electra asked, with no attempt to hide her surprise.
“Phinn here is our new ambassador to foreign kingdoms,” King Blackwell said in a proud voice. “I just appointed him—him and his whole acting troupe.”
“Ummm…,” Electra stopped short of asking the obvious question which was – on whose authority did you make this appointment? “Congratulations,” she said instead. “And congratulations on your marriage. I wish you and Juanita every happiness.”
King Blackwell beamed while Take looked uncomfortable. Electra knew there was more to this story but decided now was not the time to ask. Instead she took the salve from her medicine bag and opened a jar.
“Who wants to be first?” she asked.

Chapter 16

Kingdom of Fernland

Princess Electra, Take the Thief, who had now possibly become Phinn the Ambassador, along with the whole of the acting troupe, sailed into King’s Lake in Fernland a few days after leaving the port of Henge.
Electra and Take stood at the railing of their ship and looked out at Fernland’s boat works.
“Will you order a ship to be built on your father’s orders?” Electra asked.
“I don’t know what to do,” Take said. “He is acting King whatever that means. To him it means he is King and what he says is the law. I would prefer to wait until Prince Blackwell returns, though I believe the result would be the same. My father wants it and my half-brother will not. I’m not sure what will happen then, but I know it will mean trouble for me either way. I suppose I could explain the situation to the Caliph and let him decide whether or not to begin work.”
“That is a very good idea. Why not shift the responsibility since you have no authority yourself. I have often been in your position.”
Take looked at Electra with a new understanding. “Yes, I suppose you are often pulled fore and aft between Helsop and Fernland.”
“Throw in Henge for a third and you have my situation.” Electra smiled. “Where will you live now you are married?” she asked. She could not imagine him taking a wife to the shack by the stockyard that he shared with Smiles.
“I thought we might stay at the apartment next to the theater’s stage. It is where Juanita and Esmeralda have been living. We will have to find new lodging for Esmeralda.”
“She can stay with me in my cottage by the lake while I am here. I will likely be spending most of my time at the castle in any event. My mother likes to keep me close when I visit.”
“That is very generous of you. I will tell her now. I know she is worried about losing her closest friend to marriage, even though Juanita and I tried to reassure her that she will always be a part of our acting troupe.”

As soon as the ship anchored, Electra went ashore to see Laleh and the Caliph. She found them both at the boat works aboard an unfinished boat.  Laleh was bandaging the thumb of a Taz worker and the Caliph was there to deal with the other damage done by the falling timber that had smashed the worker’s thumb. The timber had crashed through the deck near the bow and broken several planks.
“Electra,” the Caliph called out. “I hope you have brought better luck with you. This has been a day for accidents.”
“Any serious injuries?” she asked.
Laleh looked up. “All minor. This is the worst, but I think we can save his thumb. What brings you to King’s Lake? We heard you were besieged with the pox up in Helsop.”
“The rumors were true. But we now have a paste that gives a mild case and the result is immunity from the disease. I have come to share it with all in Fernland.”
“Truly?” the Caliph asked. “Some strains of the pox are quite deadly.”
“And the one we had in Helsop was one of the worst. That is why I hurried here with the paste. It is best to be immune.”
 Laleh and the Caliph looked at one another, uncertain. The Caliph coughed into his handkerchief. “What can you tell us about this paste?”
“I can tell you that it works. I was so fearful of treating those who came ashore with the disease that I enlisted the help of those few who had survived the disease. Then Serafina arrived to tell me about this paste and how she had given me a mild case when I was young. After hearing this news, I went daily aboard the ship of those infected and I was not taken ill. It is a paste made of the scabs of the pox itself. It gives a mild fever and then immunity – immunity for many years in my case. Of course I leave the choice up to each person. Many in Helsop refused initially until they saw their friends survive the paste and become immune.”
“I will be your test case,” the Caliph said.
Electra saw the fear in Laleh’s eyes and warned, “You are advanced in years, Caliph. Even a mild fever might be upsetting to your system.”
“She is right, Grandfather. I should be the test subject,” Laleh offered.
The Caliph put up his hand to signal a stop from further argument. “I have made my decision.”
Electra took out the paste, with some reluctance. “Just smear a little inside your nostrils. In a day or two you will feel feverish but it should pass within a few hours.”
The Caliph brushed a little of the paste on the inner walls of his nose. “There, it is done. Now we shall see. Will you be staying here at your cottage?” he asked.
“I will go first to see my mother and father at the castle. I hope to obtain their permission to administer the paste to all in Fernland who wish to try it.”
“Ah, you do not know. Your parents have left for Manoa to attend the funeral of Queen Shana.”
Electra was struck dumb for a second. “My parents are gone?” She had never known either one to leave Fernland except to visit her in Helsop.
“Yes, they left a week ago. We do not expect them back for three or four weeks.”
“But who is in charge? Has Avor returned?”
“No, sadly, there has been no word from him. It is a source of great sorrow to your mother.”
“But then, who?”
“I do not know who was left in charge. Perhaps the Commander of the Palace Guard?”
“Yes, perhaps. Do you suppose he would have the power to allow me to administer the paste?”
“I would be more inclined to think the king’s physician, Physician Rothman, might be the one to ask, since it is a medical decision.”
“Yes, of course you are correct.” Electra replied with a frown. Physician Rothman had not approved of Electra’s decision to study under Physician Rabar a few years earlier, and approved even less of any new or untried procedure. Electra thought him very old-fashioned in his thinking.
“I shall go at once to speak to him.” She turned toward the stable, intent on borrowing a horse for the trip, then turned back to the Caliph. “I will return tonight. There is no reason for me to stay at the castle when my parents are absent and I want to be here when the fever touches you.”
The Caliph smiled.
“Oh,” Electra added, backing away. “Take the Thief has a delicate matter to discuss with you. Best to do it soon, before the fever clouds your thinking. He is staying at the apartment next to the theatre.”
The Caliph began to say something, but then waved her away. “Today has been that sort of day,” he said. “I will pay him a visit.”

Chapter 17

Kingdom of Fernland

Princess Electra and Tandor arrived at Fernland’s castle on horseback. Since they were not expected, Electra was not surprised there was no one to meet them. She approached a palace guardsman.
“I understand my parents are not in residence at this time, but I wish to speak to Physician Rothman.”
The guardsman looked at Electra for a few seconds before recognizing her as the King’s daughter.
“You are the Princess Electra?” he asked.
“Yes. I did not realize my parents would not be here. I have arrived with my guardian by ship,” she said, nodding at Tandor still on horseback at the bottom of the steps. “We just came from King’s Lake on borrowed mounts.”
The guardsman made a stiff bow. He seemed unsure of what he should do. “I will call a page to escort you to the physician’s chambers,” he decided.
“You need not bother. I know the way to the physician’s chambers,” she said as she ran up the stairs to the doors of the castle.

Electra noted how still the castle seemed. Her steps echoed as she walked up the inside staircase to Physician Rothman’s clinic. She knocked on the door.
“Enter,” a voice called out.
Physician Rothman recognized Electra at once and seemed to stiffen at the sight of her.
“Princess Electra! We heard of your epidemic in Helsop,” he said in a cautious voice.
“Yes. That is why I am here,” Electra said.
“But…, we were told you had sealed your borders – quite correctly.” He seemed to be worried she was carrying the disease to him personally.
“Our epidemic is contained. I bring good news of a method by which we were able to stem the tide of the spreading pox. I am here to share that method with all who wish it here in Fernland.”
Physician Rothman adjusted his monocle and with some reluctance, invited her to take a seat. He attempted a smile. “Please tell me more about this method.”
Electra smoothed her skirts around her and reached into her medicine bag to pull out a jar of the salve.
“This is the salve that is used. It is made from the scabs of the pox bumps when they have ripened and dried. We grind up the scabs into a powder, add laurel and almond oil, and apply a bit to the nasal passages. The patient will come down with a slight fever and a very mild case of the pox. This passes within a day and the patient is thus made immune. It is a remedy from the Orient that has found its way to us at an opportune time.”
“I see,” Physician Rothman said. “And you have used this immunizing agent on your Helsop residents?”
“Yes, and it worked as predicted.”
“And this has been done in the last month or two?”
“Yes.”
“So you do not know what the long-term effects will be from your own first-hand observations.”
“No,” Electra said slowly, “but the short term effect is immunity from a very dangerous disease. Once these epidemics gain a foothold they can spread rapidly. It is best to take steps to prevent their spread when possible. A trader or seaman may carry it unknowingly into a new area.”
“And yet you are just such a visitor as you speak of, coming into a region not yet affected.”
Electra’s jaw fell open. “I am not carrying the disease. I was given this salve in my youth and I am immune. I have come to help, not to contaminate.”
“I am sure your intentions were noble, however, we do not know how the disease spreads. I believe the risk outweighs your good intentions.”
“You are ready to blame me for bringing the pox to Fernland should a case arise, rather than allowing me to prevent it with this salve?” Electra shook her head in disbelief.
“I am saying only that the risk is there. We really have no way of knowing,” Physician Rothman said, shaking his head slowly. “I could not allow citizens of Fernland to offer themselves up to this dangerous experiment.” 
Electra sat back in her chair and studied her adversary. “I have been given permission to try one person at King’s Lake. If that goes well, I will administer the medication to any of the boat works people who request it. I believe I will stay there at King’s Lake until my parents return from Manoa. I assume you would allow the immunizing to go forward were King Geoffrey to order it?”
Physician Rothman made a seated bow of sorts. “Of course.”
Electra left with a cool politeness that was returned by Physician Rothman. As she neared the door to step outside the castle, the Commander of the Palace guard called out to her.
“Princess Electra, may I have a word?” the commander asked.
Electra stopped at the door. The commander held a scroll in his hand as he bowed before her.
“Your Majesty, we have this scroll from Muller the Spy which arrived by ship several days ago. I have not read it, nor has anyone as yet broken the seal. It may be urgent news but I fear to break the seal to find out. As it may be several weeks before King Geoffrey returns, I thought I might ask your opinion on its urgency.”
“Have you received regular messages from Muller the Spy since he left for China?” she asked.
“We have had a few, sometimes accompanied by goods from China.”
“And did King Geoffrey allow you to read those messages?”
“No, but he always shared the contents with me to the extent he thought proper.”
Electra thought for a moment. “I will open it. If it is urgent we may be able to send a message to King Geoffrey.”
“Very good, Your Majesty.” He handed her the scroll.
She unfurled the scroll and read the contents silently.

To His Majesty King Geoffrey
We have secured a large amount of the white powder which is used here for aerial celebrations in the night skies and more secretly for exploding arrows. I plan to carry it back to Fernland first by ship to Pala and then by a combination of overland routes and ship back to Fernland. I have the money necessary for the first part of the voyage and will write again if we need more funds for the overland portion. We plan to travel to Taz where we will be able to enlist the help of a Taz ship for the last leg of the journey. We also have with us a quantity of trade goods from which we may be able to garner a profit that will provide any funds we now lack for the overland portion of the journey.
Your faithful servant,
Muller the Spy

“I believe you should read this as well,” Electra said, handing the scroll to the Commander. “It seems Muller is not aware that the Taz seamen have been dispatched to China. Likely nothing can be done to warn him, but my father may have the means of getting a message to him,” she finished.
The Commander read the message silently. “Thank you,” he said. “I suppose I was overly cautious in not wishing to break the seal myself.”
Electra smiled. “More likely, I was foolhardy to do so myself. I will be at King’s Lake until my parents return should you have further need of my foolhardiness.”

Chapter 18

China

Muller the Spy along with Hilgard the Language Student and his friend Dong Hao, walked through the bustling marketplace in Quintang, China. Carts, barrels and sacks full of goods lined the riverbank.  Vendors called out to shoppers, touting the superiority of their wares.
“We need goods we can sell for a profit in Pala to lay aside money we will need for our overland journey,” Muller cautioned. “We do not want extra goods to weigh us down as we travel through the desert.”
“Yes, yes,” Dong Hao agreed. “The gold embroidered cloth will sell in Pala. So far we in China have managed to keep the secret of our silk manufacture intact. They will pay much for the silk cloths there. Also the tea. They have tea but ours is more prized.”
“What about ivory?” Muller asked, “or jade?” The booth before them sold both.
Dong Hao shook his head. “I do not think so, but the pearls, perhaps. Though the pearls are a big investment. A bit of a gamble.”
Muller shook his head. “I do not wish to gamble with King Geoffrey’s coin.” He replaced the pearl necklace he held in his hand, thinking how much Angelica, his wife, would treasure such a necklace.
“Spices will also sell,” Dong Hao said. “I know a spice vendor here.”
As Muller followed Dong Hao, who somehow managed to slide smoothly through the crowded market while he himself was constantly jostled about, he turned to Hilgard. “Are we sure the trader ship from Pala will be in port next week? There has been no ship all the past winter.”
Hilgard shrugged. “Dong Hao says they never travel in the winter months, but always begin their routes in early spring. He says we may count on it.”
“And will we be sure of a dry cargo area? The white powder will be ruined if it is exposed to the damp.”
“He has arranged for resin-lined barrels to contain it, but I worry on that score as well. I suppose it is not too late to join his uncle’s caravan and go overland the whole way. His uncle will be leaving in a fortnight.”
Muller shook his head. “It can take as long as two years by the overland route. We need the powder in Fernland before then. We have already been too long in China arranging for this shipment.”
Hilgard flipped up his fingers in a dismissive gesture. “There are dangers which ever route we take. The Barburians on the Silk Road might inspect our cargo. They may not allow it to pass through.”
Muller nodded and lowered his voice to a whisper. “If the white powder were revealed, that would be the least of our problems. They might kill us in addition to confiscating our goods.”
“I hope this cargo proves to be worth the risk,” Hilgard murmured.
“It does not matter. We are under orders to bring this cargo back to Fernland, whatever the risk to us,” Muller stated.

A few days later, with their barrels of powder and trade goods lined up beside them on the docks, Muller, Hilgard and Dong Hao roused themselves from sleep. They had been waiting beside their barrels for the ship to arrive from Pala and sleeping atop their trade goods to prevent theft or snooping. A large ship, double-masted with red sails, was moving into the harbor.
“There she comes,” Dong Hao shouted, “the Indus Star.”
“That is our ship?” Muller asked, flapping his arms to warm them.
“Just so,” Dong Hao said. “And we are first in line with our cargo. We may request that part of the ship most likely to remain dry. Right in the middle.”
“Will you handle the negotiations?” Muller asked, knowing Dong Hao was the only one likely to speak the language of the Indus Star’s crew.
“Yes, yes, of course,” Dong Hao said, his voice eager and confident. “We will have a choice of accommodations. We can sleep on deck or have a cabin. The cabins are few and quite expensive.” He looked hopefully at Muller.
Muller opened his coin purse stealthily and counted out money for the cargo and food. “I believe we are accustomed to sleeping outside now. The weather will be warm and the cabins stuffy.”
Dong Hao’s cheerful face fell a little. “So the deck for us, then?”
“Most likely,” Muller said. “We will ask the difference in rates.”

The Indus Star came alongside the dock with its sails furled. As soon as the plank was made secure, cargo was off loaded on wheeled flats. Those wishing passage stood aside, watching, as Chinese vendors met the goods from Pala. Laborers waited nearby, available for hire to carry the goods to market.
After several hours it was time to begin loading goods aboard.
Dong Hao bartered for the best cargo space and the best prices. He came to Muller with the purser’s best prices for their own passage. He quoted three times the deck rate for a cabin.
“We will be fine on deck,” Muller quickly decided. “Perhaps we might pay a little extra for better food as compensation.”
Dong Hao smiled. “Already arranged for,” he said. “One month of sailing time expected.”
“Good work,” Muller said.

They wasted no time going aboard. They chose deck space close to the shore boats to provide a slight windbreak and spread out their blankets to mark their space. Then they asked directions to the galley.

Dong Hao spoke to the cook. “We are in luck,” he said. “There are to be very few passengers aboard this trip. Mostly cargo. It is early spring and there is still the chance of storms. So we will be guests at the captain’s table.”
“There is still a chance of storms?” Hilgard asked.
“Small storms. No monsoons,” Dong Hao assured him.

Chapter 19

Manoa

A faint breeze scented with fruits and flowers blew from the tropical foliage of the Manoan hills to the ship slowly edging toward the dock. Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stood near the bow of the ship while Princess Serafina and Prince Blackwell stood near the stern as the Pride of Manoa was secured to the dock with stout ropes. The twins and their wolves ran back and forth between the two royal couples. They seemed eager to share this new experience with all.
“Have you met King Shabas before?” Delphinia asked Shalin.
Shalin looked at her sister. Some sort of agreement seemed to pass between them and they both shook their heads.
Delphinia noticed that Geoffrey watched to see how Shalin would answer. He was likely wondering himself if any prior relationship existed between Henge and Manoa. They had both been surprised to find Henge’s monarchs invited to this memorial.
“He is a very nice man,” Delphinia said, running her fingers through Shalin’s silky hair.
Esme pushed in closer. She seemed intent on making her own hair convenient to her aunt’s touch. “Will he like my wolves?” she asked.
“I believe he might, once he sees they are friendly,” Delphinia said, patting Esme’s head.
“We should tell Mama,” Esme said. The twins rushed back to inform their mother of this new bit of information.

Serafina looked down at the girls and frowned. “You must stay near us now,” Serafina said. “Leave your aunt be for a time. We will be going ashore soon.”
“Aunt Delphinia says King Shabas will like my wolves if they are friendly to him,” Esme said.
“We will put their leashes on so as not to alarm him. Ebony shall have one as well,” Serafina said.

King Shabas was on the dock with his two sons, Manos and Gallos. Princess Elka stood beside her fiancé. Her father’s big ship from Sandovia, the King Gundar, was anchored offshore to make room at the dock.
Serafina went below to bring up Ebony the Panther. The gangplank was lowered and Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey walked down to offer their condolences on Queen Shana’s passing.
King Shabas greeted them warmly. “I am so glad you were able to come for the memorial. I know spring is a busy time for you. Have your children come as well?”
Delphinia took King Shabas’s hand with both of her own. “They send their heartfelt regards, but neither has been able to join us. Electra is faced with an epidemic of smallpox in Helsop and Avor is forced to travel some distance with the Great Khan’s Army.”
King Shabas looked properly horrified. “I am so sorry on both counts. Your son is not a prisoner, I hope.”
King Geoffrey shook his head. “It is a request, veiled in a threat, I am sure,” he said. “We trust he will soon find a worthy excuse to leave.”
Princess Elka, standing close enough to hear this exchange looked equally horrified. “How long has he been gone?” she asked.
“Since last you saw him in Fernland,” Queen Delphinia said with a stern glance that may have been slightly accusing.
The glance was not lost on Princess Elka. She cast her eyes down and seemed unsure how to react to this news.
“You will, of course, stay with us at the castle,” King Shabas said. “My sons and I are so grateful for Elka’s presence and the arrival of such a compassionate lady as Your Majesty will be sure to lift our gloom even more.”
“We are happy to finally have occasion, even though such a sad one, to view your beautiful kingdom,” Delphinia said. “Already I feel the warmth of both your welcome and your climate.”
“Please, go with Elka to the castle. We have the coach waiting to transport you. We must stay a while to see if we have other guests aboard to welcome.”
Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stepped into the carriage with Elka.
“Have your brothers come as well?” Delphinia asked as she settled herself in the carriage.
“Only Prince Oswald. My father left my older brother, Thord, in charge of Sandovia.” Elka looked out the carriage window and seemed to come to a decision. She sought the Queen’s eyes and asked, “Do you feel I am in any way responsible for Avor’s leaving?”
Delphinia saw the guilt flash across the young girl’s face and felt ashamed of the hard look she had given Elka earlier.
“Of course not. He is too young to marry, though I know he felt great affection for you. I believe he saw this opportunity to visit China as an adventure, as young men are wont to feel.”
“The Great Khan’s Army continues on to China?” Princess Elka seemed even more alarmed.
Delphinia patted her hand. “As you know, the son of the Great Khan is Avor’s friend, Bataar. He will be quite safe.” She wished she believed the words she spoke.

Princess Serafina and Prince Blackwell exited the ship with the twins, the wolves and Ebony the Panther. People on shore to view the visiting dignitaries shrank back at the sight. King Shabas and his two sons stepped forward with hands out in welcome.
The wolves sniffed the outstretched hands with great interest. Ebony stood by the twins, watchful that no one make a sudden move toward them.
“Welcome,” King Shabas said. “You are the Royal Blackwell’s from Henge?” he confirmed.
“We are,” Prince Blackwell said. “We are honored to have been invited to this most solemn event. This is my wife, the Princess Serafina, and my two daughters, Princess Shalin and Princess Esme. As you can see, they have a great affection for animals.”
“And a great courage, as well, in their choice of pets.” King Shabas stated his observation with an engaging smile. “May I present my two sons, Prince Gallos and Prince Manos.”
After a round of handshaking, King Shabas invited them to stay at the castle. “We have Princess Elka’s father, mother and brother staying with us as well – they will soon be family, as you may have heard. Princess Elka and my son, Prince Gallos, will be wed this summer. I will confide that King Gundar was most pleased to hear we had invited you to the memorial. He is anxious to make your acquaintance.”
“King Gundar of Sandovia is anxious to meet me? Have you any idea why?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Not really,” King Shabas said. “I am not one to pry. I know he is a great admirer of your army.”
Prince Blackwell gave a vague nod and looked up at the castle where King Gundar would be waiting.
“Will you wait for the carriage?” King Shabas asked. “It should return shortly.”
Princess Serafina laughed. “I think we would make quite a crowd in the carriage. The exercise of the walk up to the castle will serve us well.”
King Shabas laughed with her. “Quite right. In fact, a walk would do us all good. What say you my sons?”
With smiles all around they commenced the walk up through the village that was well known by Serafina in her past guise as an old woman.

Chapter 20

Manoa

Manoan villagers kept their distance as the large group of royals and their animals walked up the hill to the castle. Serafina noted that Sloan’s house, with its striped awning, looked to be vacant. Sloan had been her hired man here in Manoa until she found him embezzling money in a side trade of her fertilizer. No trade in White Cliffs fertilizer was now in evidence nor was it likely to be. Serafina had tricked Sloan into accompanying her to Henge last year, where she promptly confined him to Henge’s dungeon.
The twins skipped ahead stopping now and again to study flowers and fruit trees that were new to them. King Shabas and his sons were kept busy describing these new wonders.
They passed through the castle gate easily as no guard was posted there.
“Our security is quite lax as we have no one to fear at present,” King Shabas explained. “I believe King Gundar considers us foolish in this regard.”
Prince Blackwell said nothing but his expression seemed to indicate he was like-minded. “Has it always been so here in Manoa?” he asked.
“We have had visitors who may have wished to conquer us, but so far none has mounted a campaign. I believe we are blessed in our isolation,” King Shabas said.

They found King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia settled on the terrace, already enjoying tea. The twins rushed to join them and tell their aunt the new things they had observed so far in Manoa, then raced back to find their mother. Before long King Gundar and Queen Hilde made their appearance.
Queen Hilde went at once to join her friend, Queen Delphinia. King Gundar guessed the man dressed in Henge’s colors, black and silver, to be Prince Blackwell. As he approached, King Shabas made the introduction.

Prince Blackwell shook hands with King Gundar and waited, curious to learn why King Gundar wanted to meet him.
“I have been near your kingdom of Henge but have not yet made your acquaintance,” King Gundar said.
Prince Blackwell knew King Gundar had been picking up weapons orders from Helsop for some time now and he resented it. For many years Henge had held a monopoly on Helsop’s weapons. Now Henge was forced by outside demand, Sandovia’s in particular, to pay a fair price for the weapons they purchased from Helsop.
“Yes, I have heard of your trade with our close neighbor, Helsop,” Blackwell said with a neutral expression.
“I envy you your well-equipped army,” King Gundar continued. “You may have heard, we have an ongoing war with pirates in our island kingdom.”
“I have heard that,” Prince Blackwell said, still cautious in his replies.
“Since we have reached a point close to a stalemate now, the pirates may strike out for new port cities to raid. It might be in Henge’s best interest to be prepared.”
“You believe Henge may be in danger from pirates?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“I do,” King Gundar said. “They continue to capture new and larger ships. It is only a matter of time before they make the crossing to Henge. They are wont to attack swiftly and brutally any seaside kingdom at hand.”
“They would face a well-trained army should they try such an attack on Henge,” Prince Blackwell said in a confident tone.
King Gundar nodded. “I have heard as much. I wonder if you have ever posed a thought toward an early prevention?”
“You mean seeking out the pirates in a preemptive attack?” Blackwell asked.
“Yes. That is exactly what I mean.” King Gundar smiled.
“We have no fleet of ships,” Blackwell said.
King Gundar continued to smile. “But Sandovia does.
“I fail to take your meaning,” Blackwell said.
“Might it be in Henge’s best interests to sail an army of men on our ships to take out the pirates where they nest to prevent a future attack on your homeland?”
Prince Blackwell smiled. “I think it might be more in Sandovia’s interests for Henge’s army to do so.”
“Certainly it would benefit us as well. For that reason we might offer some financial incentives as well.”
Prince Blackwell’s face took on a stern expression. “You wish to hire my army as mercenaries?”
“That would be one way of looking at it, I suppose. The other would be, as I suggested, a preemptive maneuver on Henge’s part.”
Prince Blackwell had no desire to tell King Gundar how he really felt about the suggestion. They were both guests in King Shabas’s castle and he did not want to cause strife.
“You make an interesting point. I shall put some thought into the matter.” Prince Blackwell noticed Serafina had been close enough to hear the conversation as she settled the twins at the table for tea and bread.
Prince Blackwell turned in his wife’s direction. “I do not believe you have met my wife, Princess Serafina?” he said to King Gundar.
“I have not,” King Gundar said, making a polite bow. “I have heard that you are a sorceress, although I know enough to discount most of what I hear.”
“What you have heard is true in this case. I am a sorceress.” Serafina did not return his bow.
“Fascinating,” he said. “Perhaps you will treat us to a display of your powers while we are here?” He smiled. 
“It hardly seems the occasion,” Serafina said.
“Quite right. Most unfortunate, Queen Shana’s passing. A few more months and she might have witnessed the marriage of her eldest son to our daughter. I see you have daughters of your own.” He looked to the table where Esme and Shalin sat eating bread spread with mango jam.
“Esme and Shalin,” Serafina said.
“Identical twins, it appears,” King Gundar said. “Shall they become sorceresses as their mother?”
Prince Blackwell said, “Not likely,” before Serafina had a chance to reply.

Chapter 21

Manoa

Queen Delphinia and Queen Hilde were joined on the castle terrace by Princess Elka, who invited them indoors for lunch. Elka seemed to have found a new confidence since her engagement to Prince Gallos.
“You seem quite happy to be in Manoa,” Queen Delphinia noted. “I understand you have been sharing your sailing skills with the children here.”
“My mother has been praising me, I suspect,” Elka said with a smile at Queen Hilde. “It is true I have found a use for my abilities, such as they are. We hope to send our new mariners out for a short race to White Cliffs Island while we are here.” Elka blushed slightly. “Prince Gallos has been helping me to arrange it. We will dedicate the race to the memory of Queen Shana. I am so glad I had the opportunity to meet her before she passed away.”
“A very nice tribute. I am sorry to say I never had such an opportunity. Was Queen Shana very ill when you met her?” Delphinia asked.
“If she was, she hid it well. I will miss her.” A tear slipped down her cheek.
Queen Delphinia looked away, surprised that such a bond had been formed so quickly.
 Shalin and Esme circled the long table, their eyes searching. Esme clutched a piece of bread slathered with an orange topping.
When her glance fell on her aunt, she held it up, inviting Queen Delphinia to taste it. “This has mango jam. It is good.”
Delphinia laughed and took a small bite, surprised, herself, at how good it tasted. “Delicious,” she proclaimed to those around her. “These are my nieces, Princess Esme and Princess Shalin. Girls, meet my friends, Queen Hilde and Princess Elka of Sandovia.”
The girls made little curtsies as Princess Elka continued to stare at them. “These are your nieces?”
“Yes, they are my sister’s daughters.  My sister is Princess Serafina of Henge,” Queen Delphinia said, with some reluctance.
“Serafina the Sorceress? But is not she the one who…” Princess Elka stopped short as Delphinia frowned and gave a sharp shake of her head to indicate that Elka should say no more in the twins’ hearing. 
Had Avor told Elka that Serafina had been the one who kidnapped Electra and held her captive for sixteen years? Certainly Delphinia had not told her.
Elka managed to redirect her statement by coughing and continuing. “Is she not the wife of Prince Blackwell?”
Delphinia smiled. “Quite right.”

Esme and Shalin both knew what Elka had meant to say. They could hear the next two words still in her mind. She had meant to say, “Is not she the one who kidnapped Electra?”
Esme knew what the word kidnapped meant. She herself had been kidnapped by the Silent Men. She had been very sad and angry with the Silent Men until they gave her the wolf pups. Then she had begun to like the Silent Men. They sang her songs and cared for her and her pets. She had saved the Silent Men from her mother’s plan to end their lives. She had put different instructions into their minds. She had promised them she would return one day. She wondered if the Silent Men lived nearby.
Shalin knew what the word kidnapped meant as well. She had been so sad and lonely without her sister and without her mother and Electra who had left her behind while they rescued Esme. She felt better when Uncle Phinn gave her flute lessons.
The twins searched each other’s minds for clues to what this strange question might mean. Why would their mother kidnap their sister, Electra? It made no sense. Was that why their Aunt Delphinia shook her head?  To stop the girl from saying something that made no sense?

“This mango jam is new to me,” Queen Delphinia told the twins. “Perhaps we should go to the kitchen and find out how it is made.”
“Yes, yes,” the twins said together.
“Ask your mother if you might accompany me and we shall go at once,” Delphinia said.
As the twins ran off to find their mother, Delphinia turned to her two companions. “They do not know the story of their mother’s crime and as I have become quite fond of them I do not wish to be their means of learning it.”
“I quite understand,” Princess Elka said. “I should have thought before I spoke. Please forgive me.”
“There is nothing to forgive. It is common knowledge and I know it is only a matter of time before they learn the truth.”
Queen Hilde looked back and forth between her daughter and Queen Delphinia. “Not such common knowledge that I have heard it,” she said. “I have no idea what either of you is saying.”
The twins returned with their mother’s permission to visit the kitchen. Delphinia left Elka to tell Queen Hilde the story of Serafina’s betrayal, saying, “I will leave you two to chat. We are off to the kitchen to learn the secret of this amazing jam.”

Manoa’s castle cook was called Pella. She laughed when Delphinia told her they had never tasted anything quite so good and must know the secret of the jam.
Pella gave each of her guests a mango and showed them how to cut through the skin and fold out the golden fruit.
“They grow wild here so they’re a thing you’ll find on any table – rich and poor alike,” Pella said. “Just mash them up with a little cane juice and you have your jam.”
The three ate their fresh mangoes with great gusto and licking of fingers. Delphinia was sure they had forgotten all about anything said on the terrace.
“Are we not silly?” Delphinia asked, giving her fingers a final lick before using the napkin Pella handed her.
“Yes, and that pretty girl was silly too,” Esme said. 
“What pretty girl?” Delphinia asked.
“The girl who asked if Mama kidnapped Electra.”
“I do not remember her saying that,” Delphinia said.
“She did not say it but she thought it,” Shalin said.
Delphinia dropped her napkin and tried to think of nothing as she bent to retrieve it, lest the twins read her mind as well.

Chapter 22

King’s Lake in Fernland

Returning from her disappointing interview with Physician Rothman, Princess Electra was surprised to see smoke coming from her little cottage on King’s Lake. Then she remembered she had told Take the Thief that Esmeralda could stay there if she wished. She gave a polite knock on the door in warning before she opened it.
Esmeralda was asleep on the cot even though it was now after noon. Electra noted that her cottage mate had not bothered to sweep down the cobwebs since moving in. There was a small fire burning in the hearth. She wondered if Take had gathered the wood, quite sure that Esmeralda had not.
“Hello, it is I, Electra,” she called out.
Esmeralda sat up, rubbing her eyes. “Electra? I thought you would likely be feasting at your castle and working your way through gifts from your mother for a few days yet.”
Electra managed a faint smile. Had her parents been in residence that might have proved true.
“My parents are gone. Only Physician Rothman was there to accuse me of endangering the kingdom by carrying smallpox along on my person.”
Esmeralda’s mouth dropped. “He said that to you?”
“Not in so many words, but that was the gist of his welcome.” Electra sat down on a stool. “I have decided to stay here until my parents return. I hope to convince them to allow me to dole out my paste to immunize Fernland’s residents.”
Esmeralda nodded. “I heard the Caliph agreed to try it.”
“Yes. I should go to see if he has any signs of fever yet. Have any of the acting troupe had problems?”
“We all felt a little sick on the ship coming down from Henge, but that could have been seasickness. If it was seasickness though, I don’t know how we will do as ambassadors for Henge on our own ship.”
“It was likely a reaction to the paste. Has Take spoken to the Caliph yet about building a ship for all of you?”
“He said he was going to. I moved in here as soon as he told me I could.” Esmeralda sighed. “I can tell they don’t want me around. They are being too nice to me. Pretending they want me to stay with them there at the theater. I have nowhere to go now.”
Electra knew Esmeralda was being overly dramatic in a bid for sympathy. She did not think Esmeralda was responsible enough to be entrusted with the permanent use of her cottage, yet she did have some sympathy for the girl. “You are always welcome back in the School of Medicine should you choose to make that your career.”
Esmeralda frowned and opted for a haughty expression. “I believe being an ambassador and an actress is not such a small thing. We all have our own quarters in Henge now, you know.”
Electra smiled. “I am glad to hear it. As long as you are here for a time, you can help me dispense with some of these cobwebs.”

After a small meal of turnips and mutton she ate at the Taz workers’ lunchroom, Electra walked down the beach to check on the Caliph. She found him lying down in Laleh’s clinic, frowning, while Laleh encouraged him to drink more broth.
“Is it a reaction to the smallpox paste?” Electra asked.
“I believe so,” Laleh said. “He has a slight rash and a low fever.”
“I will be fine,” the Caliph said. He seemed annoyed to hear the two women discussing him in his presence. “As soon as my fever breaks I will encourage my workers to use your paste. Take the Thief was here to tell me of his similar reaction.”
Electra smiled. “Did Take tell you of his recent appointment to become Ambassador of Henge?”
“He did. I take it he is unsure as to the ramifications of the honor bestowed upon him.” The Caliph managed a wry smile.
“That is often the case with his father’s attempts at generosity,” Electra said.
“I told him we have been ordered by King Geoffrey to go ahead with the building of a sister ship to the Prince Avor and with a third fishing craft, sister to the two that you received at Helsop. We will mark the first for him since we have no buyers as yet. If the funds do not materialize on Prince Blackwell’s return, there is no loss to us. We will simply offer it for sale again as planned.”
“I am sure that put Take’s mind at ease. He was reluctant to offer a down payment on such tentative authority as he had.”
The Caliph reached under his cot and pulled out a scroll with the red wax seal still intact.
“We had this message from a ship this morning. It is addressed to King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia. I thought to carry it on to you at the castle but as you are returned you will save me the trip.” He handed her the message.
Electra drew in a sharp breath. “It is from Prince Avor.”
“Yes, so it appears from the wax seal.”
Electra held it in her hand, wanting so badly to open it, yet realizing here was a case where she might not justify her curiosity in breaking the seal.
“It is addressed to my mother and father,” she said, reluctantly.
“Yes,” the Caliph said, watching to see what she would decide to do.
Electra looked at the Caliph. “Were it addressed to you, would you wish either of your sons to break the seal?”
The Caliph smiled. “I do not believe I wish to make such a comparison.”
Electra stared at the seal for a few more seconds. “It could be a thing that demands a swift answer. I could at least send a summary of its contents on to my parents in Manoa.”
The Caliph nodded.
Electra broke the seal with a fingernail and quickly unfurled the message.

Dear Mother and Father,
You may be pleased to know I am on my long way home at the request of the Great Khan. I and a large escort of soldiers have been entrusted to secure the safe delivery of the Princess Cogatin to her future husband in Hormu.
We will be traveling overland and have a golden tablet to secure safe passage through all of the Great Khan’s conquered territories. It may consume a year or more, but we must take all precautions with the future Queen’s safety.
I hope this message will ease any anxiety you might have for my own safety and that it finds you both in good health.
Yours respectfully,
Avor

Electra placed her hand on her chest. “He is coming home. I believe I will send a copy on to Manoa with the next ship heading south. My parents will be so relieved.”

Chapter 23

Town of Ezina

After forty days trekking through barren desert, Avor and his band of two hundred arrived at a small town called Ezina. Avor thought back to the last time he had slept in a similar village, Khara Khara, homeland of the Great Khan and his people. It had been harder than he would have imagined saying goodbye to his friend Bataar and leaving his ten-man unit in Khara Khara.
He was relieved to be away from the threat of fighting battles that had no meaning for him, but he missed the camaraderie and the discipline of Barburee Army life. He had chosen Ansolve and his family as part of his private allotment of ten and had spent most of the ensuing evenings since leaving Khara Khara at Ansolve’s yurt.
So far they had had little need for the golden tablet, traveling through unpopulated desert, conserving food and water to survive the expanse of the wasteland. From the side of a sand dune, he observed the sprawling village before him. Ezina consisted of rudimentary houses, yurts, grazing herds and spaces set aside for bazaars on market days.

They passed by an area full of camels and horses available for sale or rent to travelers on their way through the wide desert that Avor and his entourage had just traversed.
Next to the camels, Avor dismounted to wander through the marketplace that had smaller animals for sale. He had often seen falcons circling as they journeyed through the desert and was not surprised to find them for sale here in Ezina’s bazaar.
Many of the men in his party seemed eager to buy falcons, calling them the finest hunters of their species. Avor could see that these falcons would have been a very valuable addition to their trek through the desert where game was rare and fresh meat hard to obtain. He noticed even the Princess Cogatin was in line to buy one.
“You are familiar with the training of these birds?” Avor asked her. He had barely spoken with her before now, as she was always in the company of her women servants.
“Yes, I have trained several. This one I will train for my husband, King Argon. She will be my wedding gift to him.”
“Is the training difficult?” Prince Avor asked, considering whether he should buy one for himself.
Princess Cogatin looked at him. 
She is so beautiful, even after our long trek through the desert, Prince Avor mused, wondering if he was being too familiar in speaking with her.
Cogatin smiled. “It is not so difficult. You must make the bird trust you first. You must…”
She said a word in the Barburee tongue that Prince Avor did not recognize.
“Be a friend?” Avor guessed.
Cogatin shrugged. “Perhaps a very firm friend.”
“I think I will buy one. It will be a thing to do in the evenings,” Avor said.
“You must also buy…”
Cogatin began a list of things that were new to Avor. He put up his hand. “I will follow you and buy what you buy if that is permitted.”
Cogatin smiled and nodded.

That evening Avor settled down at Ansolve’s campsite with his new falcon, a leather glove, a lure and a bird-sized hood.
“What have we here?” Ansolve asked. Ansolve was so happy to have been chosen by Avor to accompany him on this journey that it seemed he could not do enough for him. Avor knew he hated his indenture to the Great Khan’s Army even though he and his family had been treated well. Ansolve hoped to get back to his own conquered city of Tamra somehow, even though Avor had already told him Tamra was not on the route their guide had chosen.
Avor held up the wooden cage that held his bird. “This is Gertrude, my new gyrfalcon. I am to talk to her, whistle when I feed her, and keep her near me for the next several weeks, when her training as a hunter will begin,” Avor said.
“And this little hood?”  Ansolve picked up the leather hood and inspected the stitching.
“I am to put that on when she becomes agitated or when it is time to sleep.” Avor reached into the wooden cage with a small piece of chicken and whistled as the bird grabbed it from his gloved fingers.
Ansolve bent down to peer between the wooden slats at Gertrude. “I have heard of such birds, but have not seen them at work. Have you a mentor for the training?”
Avor blushed a little and looked down as he murmured, “Yes, the Princess Cogatin has said she will guide me.”
Ansolve’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. He quickly changed the subject. “A Barburee soldier came by earlier asking for you. He said you were to show the village headman your golden tablet. He said better lodging would be arranged for you once you presented it to the headman.”
“I have no need of better lodging,” Avor said.
“I believe he meant it more as a requirement then a suggestion,” Ansolve said. “It would likely mean better treatment for all two hundred that travel with you.”
“I see,” Avor said, going through his saddle bag to find the gold tablet.

By the time Avor found Ezina’s headman, he had twenty of the Great Khan’s soldiers walking with him to ensure that he followed the proper protocol.
Avor presented the golden tablet to the headman who touched it and then touched his forehead in a formal gesture. He then clapped his hands and instructed his family to prepare a feast for Avor and his two hundred.
The headman insisted that Avor take possession of his house for the remainder of his visit. Avor asked his second-in-command if this was really necessary and his second insisted that it was. It showed proper respect for the Great Khan and his ambassador who carried the all-important golden tablet.
The whole village turned out for the feast. Butchers slaughtered enough animals to feed the large contingent of men and to honor the princess who traveled with them. Avor noticed that Princess Cogatin carried her new falcon with her to the feast. He did not attempt to speak to her as she was surrounded by her women servants, but he did watch how she talked to her new bird and smoothed its feathers with her fingers to keep the smell of her hand always close to the bird.
When he finally retired for the night to the home of the village headman, Avor repeated all of Princess Cogatin’s actions with his own bird. He would have preferred the company of his friend Ansolve and Ansolve’s family, but did not mind being alone for a time.
As he smoothed Gertrude’s feathers with his fingers as Cogatin had done with her falcon, he thought about the next leg of his journey. It was tempting to stay and rest for a time in Ezina, but the safe delivery of Princess Cogatin weighed heavily and the thought of returning home to Fernland seemed suddenly compelling. He realized he had not thought of Princess Elka for many weeks, but he had thought of his parents and the anguish his absence was likely causing them. He decided he and his two hundred should move on tomorrow after buying the necessary supplies.

Chapter 24

Port of Pala

After a month at sea, Muller the Spy, Hilgard the Language Student and Dong Hao, their Chinese friend, sailed into the port of Pala. They had made good time, thanks to good weather and a seaworthy ship.
Muller the Spy walked anxiously back and forth on the deck of the Indus Star as the ship moved closer to the dock. So many decisions to be made here. So many things could go wrong. He tried to channel his scattered thoughts in one direction. Which decision needed to be made first? 
He decided he must first sell some of the goods they had brought from China to earn the money for their overland journey to Taz. He also needed to buy or rent camels and horses to transport his large cargo of white exploding powder. If there was a caravan leaving soon to which he could attach his little group, he did not want to miss the opportunity. It would be safer to travel with a large caravan. He turned to Hilgard, who was gaping at the busy scene awaiting them on the docks.
All manner of vendors and laborers waited close by for the first cargo of the season to arrive from China. Women in brightly colored saris and men in white dhotis swarmed the docks, eager to view the new wares. Seamen looking for a berth stood by, hopeful of employment. Shippers stood ready to barter for cargo space.
Muller nudged Hilgard out of his reverie. “We should split up. Perhaps you and Dong Hao should find the nearest bazaar and try to sell a little of the cloth we have brought. While you are there, try to find out if any caravans are forming that we might travel with. I will stay here and guard our cargo. Perhaps I will ask around about temporary storage space.”
Hilgard did not seem to be in agreement.  Instead of acting on Muller’s instructions, he took a final sweeping glance around the dock area. “See those men loitering about?  They are pretending not to watch the cargo coming off the ship.  I would prefer we stay together until our cargo is secured. Some of those men appear suspicious to me,” Hilgard said, tilting his head in the direction of two men leaning against a piling.
“Yes, that is best,” Dong Hao agreed, coming close to view the situation. “Some of these men have hungry eyes.”
Muller looked around and observed the men who idled around the dock. He thought he must be slipping as a spy not to have noticed himself. He noted how the men’s eyes flicked toward the barrels being stacked up on the dock.
“You are right.  We must first secure our barrels. I will try to find a harbormaster. He will know where we might rent storage,” Muller said.

Muller the Spy headed up the dock area to a wooden building built atop the wharf. The door was open. Something was written above the door but he could not read the script. He probably should have sent Dong Hao rather than coming himself.
“Hello,” he called out from the doorway.
Hello,” said a small dark-skinned man who sat at a desk piled high with scrolls. “Are you picking up messages?”
“No,” Muller said, relieved that the man spoke English, albeit with a thick accent.
“No, I have a cargo just off a ship which I need to store for a few days. Can you direct me to a safe storage area?”
“Yes, I will take you there for a small fee.”
Muller decided the service would be worth a fee. If the man worked here he could likely be trusted.
Muller smiled and held out his hand. “Muller is my name.”
“Parvo at your service,” the man said, shaking hands. “How big a cargo?”
“Twenty barrels,” Muller said.
The man paused. “Wine?”
Muller shook his head. “Fertilizer.”
Parvo smiled. “That is good. Wine is not allowed here.”
Muller was surprised by this information. “No spirits?”
“No spirits of any kind,” Parvo emphasized.
“We will need dry storage. It seems quite humid here,” Muller said.
Parvo smiled. “Now is good weather. To experience real humidity, come back in three months’ time.”
“We plan to continue overland as soon as we can arrange it. We will only need the storage area for a short time. A few days at most.”
Parvo nodded. “I know a place.”

Parvo and Muller walked back along the docks to where Hilgard and Dong Hao waited next to their barrels. A fleet of ships had entered the harbor and the first ship was pulling alongside the dock at the far end. Hilgard began waving his arms in an effort to gain the attention of the seamen on the ship as they glided by.
“What are you doing?” Muller asked Hilgard when he reached the spot on the dock where their cargo waited.
“Do you recognize the writing on that ship?” Hilgard asked.
Muller looked at the foreign script. “No, why would I?”
“That is Taz script and that is a Taz ship,” Hilgard said, pointing at the ship.
Muller looked again. The ship did look familiar. He studied the ships following along behind. Hilgard was right. This was the same Taz fleet that had carried them from Taz to Fernland years ago when they were newly released from the Great Khan’s Army.
“But how can this be?” Muller asked. “What are they doing here so far from Taz?”
“I don’t know,” Hilgard said, “but if they are on their way back to Taz, I believe all our problems are solved.”
Muller looked at Parvo and fished around in his pocket for a silver coin. He handed it over. “It may be that we will not need that storage after all. I will let you know after I speak to the Captain of the ship.”
“You know where to find me,” Parvo said with a wave.

Muller, Hilgard and Dong Hao were waiting as seamen jumped down from the lead ship to secure lines to the dock. The man giving orders in the Taz language looked familiar.
“It is Haddad the Master Shipbuilder, I am sure of it,” Hilgard said with growing excitement.
“Hello the ship’s captain.” Muller shouted. “Permission to come aboard?”
Haddad looked down at the trio of men. “Muller the Spy?” he asked, his face mirroring his disbelief.
“The very same,” Muller said, his face breaking into a smile.
“Permission granted,” Haddad said.

The two Fernland men and Dong Hao scurried up the gangplank as soon as it was lowered. Muller could see that Haddad was as surprised as he to be meeting here in Pala.
Haddad stared at his guests. “How come you to be in Pala?” he finally asked.
“We are on our way to Taz,” Muller said, still smiling.
“You are on your way to Taz,” Haddad repeated. “Surely you know that no trading ship stops at Taz now that we have been conquered by the Great Khan’s Army.”
Muller nodded. “Of course we know that. Our plan was to proceed overland from here to Taz with our cargo. We hoped that once we reached Taz we could prevail upon the Caliph’s generosity to take us from Taz to Fernland. We assumed your fleet of ships would be anchored at Taz.”
“And now you see an opportunity to go by ship all the way to Fernland?”
“We do.” Muller’s smile was so big it took up most of his face.
Haddad shrugged. “Bring your cargo aboard. We are only here long enough to take on food and fresh water.” He paused to observe Muller for a few seconds. “I could use a spy’s opinion on what we have learned during our investigation of China’s naval resources.”
“You have come from China, too?” Muller asked.
Haddad gestured Muller toward his cabin. “Come with me. I can see we have both been without news from home for too long.”

Chapter 25

Port of Pala


While Hilgard and Dong Hao supervised the loading of their barrels onto the Taz ship, Haddad and Muller the Spy went below deck to Muller’s cabin.

The cabin was small but showed the usual Taz attention to detail and workmanship. Every inch of the cabin surround was fitted with carefully constructed cabinets. A small desk, two chairs and a cot completed the furnishings.
Haddad pulled out a sheaf of drawings and unrolled them on his desk, gesturing for Muller to pull up a chair.
“These are some sketches I made of Chinese ships that we observed in passing,” Haddad said.
“Are you building ships for the Chinese Emperor now?” Muller asked.
Haddad laughed. “You have been gone a long time in China, have you not?”
“Almost 2 years now,” Muller said. “We have brought back many of China’s goods for Fernland’s Royal Family.”
“I saw a great many barrels among your goods,” Haddad said.
“Fertilizer,” Muller said, looking at the sketches and eager to change the subject.”
“Fertilizer, of course.” Haddad arched an eyebrow as he studied Muller. “You are not aware, then, of the fact that the Great Khan has sent us on a mission to gather intelligence in China.”
Muller’s jaw dropped. “The Great Khan conscripted you into his army?”
Haddad shrugged. “I hope not, but he gave us no choice on this mission. We were ordered to go and seek out the size and strength of the Chinese Emperor’s Navy. We were to study his ships and devise plans to build ships capable of conquering the Chinese fleet.”
Muller frowned. “Then he plans to conquer China?”
“That is still unclear. There are also rumors that he intends to take a wife or to arrange for one of his sons to take a wife from the Emperor’s family. He does not tell us his plans.”
Muller rested his chin on his knuckles, thinking. “Perhaps he plans to try an alliance, and failing that, a campaign.” He looked up at Haddad. “But he has no sailors in his army. Who would man his ships if you build them?”
“A very good question. I hope it will not be me and my men. There is some hope now that we will all be called back to Fernland soon.”
Muller’s expression turned cautious. “I do not think you can count on that. King Geoffrey has remained adamant that the boat works be shut down once your two years is completed.”
“The two years have come and gone in your absence. But the situation took a turn when young Prince Avor joined the Great Khan’s Army.”
Muller stood up and steadied his hands on Haddad’s desk. “He did what?” he demanded in a loud voice.
“He ran away from home with Bataar and joined the Army which is headed to China as we speak.”
Muller plopped back down in his chair with a thump. “What has King Geoffrey’s response been to this calamity?”
“He has reopened the boat works in an attempt to lure his son back home. Avor was ever against closing it down and King Geoffrey hopes to placate him with this action.”
Muller shook his head. “I have truly been away too long.” He gathered his thoughts but saw no quick solution. “So you will return to Fernland?”
“I believe we will if we see signs that the Great Khan intends to conscript us into his new Navy. In the meantime we will likely begin construction on a ship or two that might be useful in a war with China should it come to pass.”
Muller pulled Haddad’s sketches closer for a look. “These are the ships you observed in China?” he asked.
“Yes, this first has a wedge-shaped bow and is likely used for ramming. It is not built for speed and I believe its primary use is for ramming slow or stationary ships.” He pulled this sketch off the top and put it aside.
“This next to ship is more interesting. It makes use of a paddle wheel. We were not able to look inside one but I imagine it uses a series of gears to turn the paddles from inside by some means. It could be very fast if enough sailors are available to spin the wheel and it might overtake a slow ship. They might then use their exploding arrows to sink their quarry. Quite a formidable innovation.”
Muller cringed a little to hear Haddad speak of exploding arrows in such a casual way. No doubt everyone had now heard of the weapon. He looked again at the sketch with its mill wheel affixed to the stern end of a ship. “This would be vulnerable to a jamming device in the paddle wheel,” he suggested.
“Yes, I had the same thought,” Haddad said. He pulled the sketch of the paddle wheel ship to the side. “This is a castle ship. It has five layered decks and can transport a large number of soldiers. It is also capable of swinging out a long boom that could pin down an enemy ship while archers fire on it from above.”
Muller shook his head. “China has a fearsome collection of ships. I do not see how you could design a ship capable of combating so many specialized craft.”
Haddad nodded. “Just so. It is possible, of course, to build ships of various designs meant to defeat one or another of these. But who would man so many? Certainly not us.”
You might try merely to build a very fast ship, capable of attacking quickly and retreating even more quickly,” Muller suggested.
“Fast ships demand seasoned sailors. I had in mind a design for a different strategy.”
Muller leaned forward, eager to give an opinion. Strategy was his bread and butter. “Tell me,” he said.
“I do not believe the Great Khan intends to train his army in naval warfare. And he could not count on prisoners from conquered nations to fight to their fullest abilities in foreign waters.”
“Quite right,” Muller agreed. “They are horsemen. That is all they know and all they care to know.”
“Exactly.  Thus, I thought to suggest what I call a ‘bridge ship’ to the Great Khan. It would be a ship with a hinged bridge capable of being lowered to allow horsemen on and off when close to land. It could be used to carry away fighting men with their backs to the sea, outnumbered and in need of rescue, or it could be used to sneak men into a port city, on horseback and ready to fight, as soon as hooves touch land. I believe the Great Khan could envision the usefulness of such a ship.”
“Genius, I call it,” Muller said, thumping the desk with his fist. It is just the thing. He would pay a fortune for such a ship.”
Haddad smiled. “Hopefully, such a ship will not need to be built. It is possible we will all be invited back to Fernland. But it never hurts to plan ahead.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Muller said, already planning ahead to a long, carefree voyage, all the way back to Fernland.

Chapter 26

Manoa

As Queen Delphinia set out remnants of satin cloth and colorful ribbons she had purchased at a dockside stall, she wondered if Serafina knew of the twins’ amazing abilities. Surely she must, and yet she had said nothing to Delphinia. Delphinia was determined to fathom the extent of their mind reading abilities today. She had invited them to make doll clothes with her, and Serafina seemed content to allow it.
The twins arrived at Delphinia’s suite in Manoa’s castle promptly at tea time, each one carrying her much-loved doll.
“Come in, my dears,” Delphinia said, delighted to see them both.
Shalin and Esme looked at the piles of satin and ribbon and their eyes lit up with excitement.
“I thought I might draw up a few patterns for you to choose from, then we could select the material for one or two before we have our tea.”
Delphinia took quill in hand and looked up at the ceiling. “I thought perhaps a ball gown or perhaps a sleeping gown to start. She looked at each little girl in turn to see if one might have already read her mind to discover what she had been thinking.
“A ball gown,” Esme said.
Shalin shrugged. “Can it be purple?” she asked, rubbing a bit of purple satin material against her cheek.
“It can be any color you like,” Delphinia said, sketching out a ball gown with a full skirt. “Perhaps a bow in the back?” she asked as she sketched a back view of the dress.
“A red bow,” Esme sang out, pulling a red velvet ribbon from the pile.
Delphinia had been thinking of a matching purple bow, not that Esme would have agreed, even if she had read Delphinia’s mind, but the fact that neither twin made mention of a purple bow seemed significant.
“So you both choose purple for the dress?” Delphinia asked.
Both girls nodded.
“I want a gold bow,” Shalin said, pulling a gold ribbon from the pile.
“This is a good start,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps we should have our tea now, while it is still warm.”
The two girls sat on the floor, still sorting through the ribbons.
“Where is your panther today?” Delphinia asked.
“I told her to stay in our room to keep the wolves from fighting,” Esme said.
“And she understands that command?” Delphinia asked.
“I put a picture in her mind of the wolves curled up asleep,” Esme said, as she held up a blue ribbon next to her purple cloth. She seemed to be considering whether she might change her mind about the red ribbon.
“That is very interesting,” Delphinia said, pouring three cups of weak tea and adding milk and sugar. “Can you put pictures in people’s minds as well?”
Suddenly Delphinia had a picture of Esme’s doll in a purple dress with a blue bow lodged firmly in her mind.
“Do you like that better than the red?” Esme asked.
Delphinia took a deep breath to control her breathing. She smiled at Esme. “Yes, I can see it. The blue is quite nice.” A picture of the dress with a red bow popped next into her mind. “And here is the red bow! It is hard to decide. I believe I am leaning towards the red. Which do you prefer?”
Esme giggled. She appeared delighted with Delphinia’s easy acceptance of the pictures in her mind. “I like the red one best, too.”
Delphinia put a cup down for each girl, then held out a plate of cookies. When they were all settled with their tea and cookies, Delphinia asked a question in a casual voice.
“Do you sometimes speak to one another without words, since you both have this unusual ability to read minds?”
Shalin nodded. “Sometimes, but we usually only see angry thoughts or scared thoughts. They are loud. Otherwise we usually ignore what people think. Mama says it is not polite to eavesdrop.”
“Yes, I agree. Listening to whispers or rumors is impolite and dangerous, because one might hear incorrectly or misunderstand.”
“What is a rumor?” Esme asked.
“When you hear something secondhand. Suppose someone says, ‘I hear so and so acquired a horse, I suppose he means to plow his field now and grow vegetables.’ That person could be very wrong about the whole thing. Perhaps it is not a horse, but a donkey, or perhaps the horse was bought to pull a carriage. It is only a rumor and should not be passed along as fact, you see.”
Esme nodded, although she still looked a little confused. “Do people sometimes think rumors?”
“Oh yes, I imagine they do,” Delphinia said, taking a bite of her cookie.
“Do you know anyone else who can read people’s minds?” Shalin asked.
Delphinia tilted her head. “Some people claim to have the ability, but on close scrutiny most fail to offer proof.”
“What people claim to?” Shalin asked.
“Magicians, sometimes, like Take the Magician, but that is all in fun.”
“Take, our uncle?” Esme asked.
“Yes, I suppose you know him as Uncle Phinn,” Delphinia said. “Have you seen his magic shows?”
Both little girls nodded. They looked at one another and Delphinia could tell a thought had passed between them.
Shalin looked down at the floor and in a very small voice she asked, “Do you know why Uncle Phinn is afraid of Mama?”
Delphinia tried hard to concentrate on her cup of tea so that her thoughts could not be read.  She would not be the one to tell them of their mother’s treachery in kidnapping Electra nor in involving Take the Thief in her plot. “You know that your mother has uncommon abilities as a sorceress. I believe most people fear those kinds of abilities. Take, or rather, your Uncle Phinn, entertains people with his magic but it is all pretend magic done with wires and boxes with secret compartments. Sorcery is a different kind of magic that people fear because they do not understand how it is done.”
The twins seemed to be considering Delphinia’s words. Delphinia decided to head off any more questions about Take and their mother.
“So, we may now cut out our ball gowns and I will show you how we turn the material inside out to begin our stitching.”
“Good,” Esme said, draining her cup quickly.

Chapter 27

Manoa

Serafina and Prince Blackwell walked along the railing of the Manoan Royal Family’s yacht to view the children’s race to White Cliffs Island. They had attended the memorial service for Queen Shana that morning along with all of Manoa. Only royal visitors had been invited aboard the royal yacht. The twins ran ahead showing their dolls with their new ball gowns to anyone who showed an interest.
King Gundar and his wife, Queen Hilde, were already aboard. King Gundar waved the Blackwells over.
“Fine day for a race,” King Gundar noted. “This is my daughter’s idea, you may have heard - teaching the commoner children how to sail. A bit too familiar for my taste, but it seems to be how things are done here in Manoa.”
“Your daughter seems eager to share her talents with others,” Serafina noted.
“I dare say she will become more discriminating once she is Queen,” King Gundar said with a knowing smile. His wife frowned but said nothing.
“I understand this will be a first for White Cliffs Island,” Prince Blackwell said.
“Indeed. I hear the owner is a hermit with some sort of deformity,” King Gundar said.
“I believe he was recently married,” Serafina said.
King Gundar seemed to lose interest in the subject. He leaned closer to Prince Blackwell and said, “Have you given any more thought to my proposal?”
Prince Blackwell cleared his throat. “I do not find your proposal to be in Henge’s best interest at this time.”
King Gundar smiled. “No surprise there. But should you change your mind – the offer stands.”
Prince Blackwell moved away as more people came aboard.
“What offer is he speaking of?” Serafina asked.
“He wants to hire my Army as mercenaries to solve his pirate problem.”
“Why would he think you would care to do such a thing?”
“He claims it is only a matter of time before his pirates go further out to sea looking for new targets, one of which might be Henge. He feels it would be in my best interest to attack them now before they gather strength and numbers.”
“Do you see any truth to that?” Serafina asked.
“Of course not. If the pirates were stupid enough to attack Henge they would be quickly overwhelmed by our…” He lowered his voice to a whisper before continuing. “By our secret weapon.”
Serafina nodded. She looked out into the distance where White Cliffs Island sat, the source of the white powder that made their secret weapon possible. She wondered how much longer it would remain secret.
Esme pulled on Serafina’s sleeve. “There is Aunt Delphinia coming. May we go to play with her?”
Serafina frowned. She did not care for this budding friendship between her sister and her children. They had not ceased talking about their dolls’ new ball gowns. It was so like her sister to seek to instill a love of clothes in all around her. But before long they would be back in Henge and she could begin their lessons in sorcery. She supposed it was an advantage to be on good terms with Delphinia.
“Yes, you may, but only if she invites you to stay with her.”

Shalin and Esme scampered through the royal visitors to their Aunt Delphinia where they promptly put a suggestion into her mind. 
Delphinia looked at the two with a pleased expression. “I suddenly have a notion to invite the two of you to watch the race with me. Is that notion your doing by any chance, my two little minxes?”
Esme and Shalin giggled.
“Mama said we could if you invited us,” Esme said.
“Then consider yourselves invited. I believe I would have thought of it on my own.”
The two girls tried to hide guilty smiles.

A loud horn sounded and the race began. The little sailboats aligned at the docks shoved off and their four-person crews were quick to raise their sails and set a course for White Cliffs Island.
Princess Elka and Prince Gallos sailed along with the children in a large sailboat, ready to fish anyone falling overboard into their larger boat.
Those watching from the royal yacht soon picked their favorites and the race continued amid much yelling and cheering by the royal visitors.
“Look there,” Delphinia said. “That boat in second place is shifting their sail.”
They watched as the boat made a swift change of direction. The sail flapped and failed to catch the breeze. One side of the boat sunk under the waves and the boat began to take on water.
Princess Elka and Prince Gallos quickly adjusted the sails on their larger boat to set a course for the floundering craft.
“I hope Princess Elka gets to the boat in time,” Delphinia said with an anxious expression. “If they continue to take on water, they may sink.” She wondered if she should move the twins to a position where they would not witness such a perilous situation.
All of a sudden water began to flow out of the small boat. People could not believe their eyes. Such a thing was against all laws of nature.
Esme and Shalin nudged one another as they watched the floundering vessel. Before long the interior of the small sailboat was dry.
Elka and Gallos’ boat came alongside the endangered small craft and took its sailors aboard. They tied the vacated boat to their stern where Elka continued to examine it.
Delphinia stared as others aboard began to offer tentative explanations that they, themselves, could not support. She noticed the twins smiling at one another. She could not hide her thoughts, so decided to voice them.
“Did you girls have something to do with what just happened?”
The twins shrugged. They seemed unsure of how such a rescue would be received.
Serafina appeared behind them with a carefully controlled expression.
“Thank your Aunt Delphinia for watching over you. It is time for you to rejoin your father and me now.”
“Thank you,” each twin said as their mother hurried them away.

Chapter 28

White Cliffs Island

Tristan and his blind wife, Rose, waited on the beach to welcome the race participants and visitors to White Cliffs Island.
The children lined up first to shake hands with the owners of White Cliffs. Rose held her new son, Santos, against her chest with one hand and held her other out for each child, congratulating them for finishing the race. The winners received little sailboats in bottles and the other participants received little wooden sailboat pins.
The royal guests were introduced to their hosts by Prince Gallos. When he came to Serafina, he announced her as Princess Serafina of Henge.
Rose took in a quick breath and turned unseeing eyes to Tristan. “Our Serafina?”
“No,” Tristan said, “this Serafina is much younger.”
Rose seemed disappointed, and held Serafina’s hand a bit longer than usual before releasing it.
She felt the small hands of the twins, Esme and Shalin, as they were introduced. “How old are you, Princess Shalin,” she asked.
“Three,” Shalin said, trying to peek at Santos behind his blanket. She put a suggestion in Rose’s mind that she allow the twins a closer look at her baby.
“This is Santos,” Rose said, lowering the child down to what she guessed to be the twins’ height. “He is not yet one year old.”
Esme and Shalin moved in closer to see. They had never seen a baby up close before and were quite fascinated to be older than someone.
Serafina moved her twins along with her hands pressed against their backs.  “We must make room for others,” she said. 
But Shalin sensed there was another reason for her mother’s wish to hurry them past Rose and Santos. Her mother already knew the blind woman and did not want the blind woman to recognize her voice.
 
The race participants were busy running along the beach and through the dense flowering vines that covered the island. The adults continued on to the manor house which was set back from the beach and surrounded by lush gardens.
Serafina gathered the twins for a warning before allowing them to explore the beach area.
“I know you used your powers to move water out of the boat. It was a kindness on your part but not necessary. The children would have been saved by Princess Elka and Prince Gallos. It is good that you did not announce that you were responsible. Remember it is not permitted to use your powers unless we are doing lessons.”
Esme and Shalin nodded. They had expected to be scolded but Shalin wondered if their mother was being too cautious. Their powers did not seem to bother their Aunt Delphinia. Neither child was inclined to say as much. They were both happy to have gotten only a warning.
“May we play on the beach?” Esme asked.
“Yes. But no testing of your water skills,” Serafina warned.
The twins ran off before more restrictions could be put in place.

The royal visitors crowded into Tristan’s library to view his collection of books and his preliminary sketches of flora and fauna indigenous to White Cliffs Island. Everyone seemed to have been warned of Tristan’s port wine stain, the purple pigment that covered half his face. No one made mention of it and everyone appeared interested in the work he had undertaken.
King Gundar beckoned to his daughter as soon as she came into the room.
“I saw you inspecting the sailboat that almost went under,” he said. “Did you find the cause of that weirdness with water moving out of the boat?”
Princess Elka shook her head. “There were no holes on the side of the boat. No tooth marks to signal a shark attack. I cannot think what could have taken place even though I witnessed it with my own eyes.”
Prince Blackwell overheard the conversation and moved closer to Serafina with a smile. “Was it you, My Love, who performed some sort of sorcery trick to save that sinking boat?”
Serafina did not like to hear her sorcery powers labeled as tricks. She was tempted to confront her husband with the truth of his daughters’ powers, but knew he was not yet willing to accept them. “No, I have no such powers through sorcery, but I suspect some great power was involved.”
Prince Blackwell looked uneasy. “There is usually a rational explanation if one looks hard enough,” he persisted.
Tristan stood up and tapped on a bell to attract everyone’s attention. “Thank you all for your interest in my research. I will be sure to send you each a copy of my finished manuscript. But now I know you must all be hungry. Please help yourself to the buffet Henry has prepared in honor of this first Queen Shana’s Memorial race. Rose and I hope it will become an annual event.”
The visitors filed out onto the veranda to exclaim their delight over the lavish buffet. There were island-grown fruit dishes, fish stews and fresh-baked bread. Cakes made with honey and nuts and cinnamon had many asking Henry for his recipes. Rose felt her way along the tables of food, encouraging people to try everything, elaborating on any of the island fruits that were new to them.

Delphinia stopped by an alcove where Serafina and Prince Blackwell had settled with their plates of food.
“I must tell you how much I have enjoyed the company of Esme and Shalin on this trip,” she told Serafina. “They are delightful little girls.”
“I believe they are equally infatuated with their Aunt Delphinia,” Serafina said.
“It is kind of you to say so.” Delphinia paused. “Might it be possible for them to pay us a visit in Fernland?”
Serafina looked at her husband.
Prince Blackwell seemed hesitant. “You know I am not so inclined to make war on my neighbors as our fathers seemed to be. I would rather we find areas of cooperation. I would not be opposed if King Geoffrey were like-minded.”
“I will send him to speak to you,” Delphinia said.

A few minutes later, King Geoffrey strolled by, plate in hand. He stopped at their alcove.
“What is this I hear about an offer of cooperation?”
Prince Blackwell shrugged. “I am not the war monger my father was wont to be. I suppose we are family of a sort now. Delphinia has requested that Esme and Shalin be allowed to visit Fernland.”
King Geoffrey extended his hand for a handshake. “Your daughters would be welcome in Fernland.”

Chapter 29

Village of Helsop

Dagon sat at his desk in the command center, a one room wooden structure, in the village of Helsop. He had received a message from Electra that morning. Electra had written her message three weeks ago, but no one had delivered it since King Geoffrey had forbidden travel to Helsop before he left for Manoa.  One of Henge’s gypsies happened to be in Fernland selling horses and had been given the message to deliver at Helsop’s border on his way back to Henge. Dagon broke the seal and unrolled the little scroll.

Dearest Dagon,
I have had no luck with my attempts to inoculate the residents of Fernland. Physician Rothman refuses to allow it. In Henge I found Serafina and Prince Blackwell gone to Manoa, but Serafina had given the preventive salve to everyone before she left. Here in Fernland I found my mother and father gone as well. I am sorry to report Queen Shana has died and my parents went to Manoa to attend the memorial. I have decided to wait here until they return in hopes of gaining their permission to distribute the smallpox paste to those willing to try it. The Caliph offered himself up to test it and after the usual mild fever and rash, allowed his Taz workers to use it.
Please come and join me here at King’s Lake if you have no pressing business in Helsop. I did not care to stay at the castle in my parents’ absence.
Your Electra

Dagon looked at the walls of his command center and realized he had no pressing business, nor matters of any kind to attend to. No new cases of smallpox had sprung up, the fishermen from the eastern end of Cold Lake had left for home, the men of Helsop were once again able to fish on an ice-free lake and there was a surplus of gold in Helsop’s treasury. He decided he would take a few newly made weapons and go to Henge to sell them, where he could board a ship going on to King’s Lake in Fernland. He went to find Deimos.

He found Deimos at the new mill where he was standing next to a pile of swords, testing the blade of one he had just sharpened.
“Deimos, how goes it, my friend?”
Deimos looked up and smiled. “This new sharpening wheel makes child’s play of sharpening.”
“Yes, now that we seem to have little to do, we have the benefit of time savings.”
“I hope we have new purchase orders soon. We have a surplus of tools and weapons to sell,” Deimos said.
“I plan to go to Fernland by way of Henge. I will take a few weapons with me to sell.”
“Electra is still not returned from Fernland?”
Dagon shook his head. “I got a message today. She wants to give the smallpox salve to residents of Fernland and Physician Rothman will not allow it. She plans to wait until King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia return from Manoa to argue for their permission.”
Deimos lifted his sword from the sharpening wheel. “King Geoffrey actually left Fernland?”
Dagon nodded. “I was surprised as well. He and the Queen went to a memorial for Queen Shana in Manoa.”
“Most unusual. I wonder who he left in charge.”
“I believe I will go and find out. It seems Serafina and Prince Blackwell have left for Manoa as well.”
Deimos’s eyes grew wide. “Do you suppose he left the old King in charge?”
“That is another thing I wish to find out. With King Geoffrey gone and old King Blackwell in charge, can a declaration of war be far behind?”
Deimos looked worried. “Do you think it is safe to go? Might the old King decide to declare war on Helsop as well, now that we have an alliance with Fernland?”
“I do not think Prince Blackwell would have left if he thought war would break out in his absence, but I mean to find out.”
Deimos pursed his lips and shook his head. “I hope you are right.”  He put down his sword. “I will collect a few weapons for you to sell in Henge.”

Dagon made good time on his trip to Henge, arriving at the border the morning of his second travel day. He rode one horse and led two more behind, loaded down with swords, bows and axes that he hoped to sell in Henge. He had just cleared the last outpost guard station and was on his way to the castle when a soldier raced by him and shouted to the guard at the border outpost.
“Pirates attacking at the port! All men report to headquarters.”
Dagon could hardly believe what he had just heard. To his knowledge there had never been a pirate attack at the port in Henge City. He urged his horses ahead in a gallop.
Dagon could see two ships in port when he cleared the last rise before the city. The ships were both in flames from exploding arrows fired by Helsop’s archers on shore. He could see men falling into the water from the burning ships. Some held swords in hand as they jumped overboard. It looked as though the pirates had been taken by surprise with the exploding arrows.
Dagon reached the port to find the brief battle over and the pirates vanquished. A few of the pirates had been able to reach shore, but were now being herded toward the castle, wet and shivering. A larger group of pirates, those in the advance party who had led the attack on shore, were already shackled and left waiting on the docks.
Dagon saw King Blackwell shouting orders and waving his sword about wildly. Dagon approached cautiously and waited for King Blackwell to notice him.
“You there, Dagon, what do you know if this attack?” he demanded in a fierce voice.
“Nothing. I do not believe it is any of Fernland’s doing. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia have been in Manoa this last fortnight for Queen Shana’s Memorial.”
The old King pointed his sword at Dagon. “Pirates, of all things. In Henge. I won’t have it. I will get to the bottom of this.”  He shifted his sword in the direction of Sergeant Smithe. “Put them all in the dungeon. Sink what’s left of their ships.”
“We may not have room for all in our dungeon,” Sergeant Smithe said.
“Throw out whatever prisoners are in there now. Make room or kill those that don’t fit. I won’t have pirates loose in Henge,” King Blackwell said, his face red with rage. He turned back to Dagon.
“Why are you here, then?”
“I have brought weapons to sell,” Dagon said in a pleasant voice.
“See the arms clerk,” King Blackwell said, using his sword for a cane as he moved closer to the docks where the pirate ships continued to burn.

Dagon followed the prisoners to the Army headquarters just outside the castle. He was close enough to see the expressions on the prisoners’ faces. He noticed that the group in shackles was looking at the group rescued from the water with angry faces and holding up their fists in threatening gestures. “Which way to the arms clerk?” he asked a guard who was herding the prisoners through the castle gates.

Chapter 30

Kingdom of Henge

Dagon lay awake with his eyes closed, listening to the gossip swirling around him. Since there had been no invitation from King Blackwell to stay overnight in the castle, Dagon had asked the arms clerk if he could have a bunk in the barracks.
The acquisitions clerk had been happy with the quality of the swords Dagon had brought and had recognized him as Helsop’s headman. He had offered Dagon a bed in the officers’ quarters and agreed to stable his horses until he returned from Fernland.
Two officers argued over the use of their exploding arrows to fend off the pirate attack, as Dagon eavesdropped, feigning sleep.
“I’m telling you, Prince Blackwell would not have allowed it. Keeping the secret was worth more than an easy victory. And now some of those men are saying they were captives of the pirates. They say King Gundar will pay to have them released. If word gets back to King Gundar about those arrows, the secret is out.”
The second officer did not respond for a moment. Dagon opened one eye to catch his reaction to the first officer’s statement. “I don’t think King Blackwell believes them. The other bunch says they were seamen looking for a berth when these men hired them to pretend to be pirates. The King’s not going to release any of them to tell their tales of exploding arrows anytime soon.”
The first officer shook his head. “Be careful where you place your loyalties. As soon as Prince Blackwell gets back, anything King Blackwell says won’t really matter.”
Both officers fell silent and looked around as though suspecting someone might be listening. Dagon closed his one open eye.

When the sleeping quarters finally emptied out, Dagon dressed quickly and left the room. He decided not to stay to eat breakfast in the officers’ mess. Instead, he walked down to the docks to wait for a ship he could book passage on to King’s Lake. He saw a pub with a good view of the harbor and went through the door to the gloomy interior.
“Any chance for a breakfast?” he asked the barkeep.
The barkeep looked at Dagon with a suspicious expression. “Haven’t seen you around before.” He lifted a glass from the bar and wiped it with the towel.
“I’m a trader from Helsop. Just sold a few weapons to the Army and now I’m waiting for passage on to King’s Lake.”
“From Helsop? Heard they’ve got the pox over that way.”
“We did. A fishing boat came in from Cold Lake carrying the disease. Good thing your Princess Serafina came over to show us how to fend off the disease.”
The barkeep seemed to relax a bit. “Might have heard something about that.” He put down his glass. “I’ve got some eggs in the back I could fry up for you.”
“I would appreciate it,” Dagon said.
A pale, emaciated man appeared in the doorway to the tavern. The barkeep turned to him with an angry face. “Quit hanging around my door or I’ll call the Army guards out to put you back where you belong.”
The man quickly moved away.
“Raggedy beggar,” the barkeep mumbled. “Says he was put in the dungeon by mistake. If he was put in the dungeon it was no mistake. More likely a mistake he got out.”
“They let him out?” Dagon asked.
The barkeep shrugged. “Hasn’t anybody gone in lately, ‘til the pirates got here. All was there was a bunch of old prisoners from a war everyone’s forgot about. King Blackwell had all the old prisoners thrown out to make room for these new pirates. Now the old prisoners are hanging around looking for handouts.”
“Where do you suppose those pirates came from?” Dagon asked.
The barkeep appeared to put some thought into his answer. “I wouldn’t hazard a guess. First time we’ve been attacked here in Henge. They didn’t seem to have much of a plan. Just jumped off their ships and set fire to a couple stalls at the bazaar. Grabbed a bit of merchandise and headed back to their ships. Looking to make a fast getaway it appeared. If some soldiers hadn’t been close with their new weapon…” The barkeep lowered his voice as though he were still not sure if he was allowed to speak of the new weapon. “They might have made their escape.”
The barkeep left to fry some eggs and Dagon got up to see where the emaciated man had gone. He looked out the door of the tavern and saw him huddled at the end of the dock, looking out to sea. A trading ship was lowering its sails and turning into the harbor.

Dagon finished his eggs and left money for the barkeep beside his plate. He walked to a stall that was opening alongside the dock and bought bread, cheese and some dried fruit. He moved to the end of the dock, watching the ship as it was rowed alongside. He held out some bread and cheese to the pale man huddled beside him.
The man grabbed the food and stuffed it into his mouth, barely bothering to chew it.
“Best go a little slow at first,” Dagon cautioned.
The man choked a little, but managed to keep the food down.
“Thank you,” the man said. “I have been in the dungeon here but it was a mistake.”
Dagon nodded. “I am not from here. Only looking for passage to King’s Lake.” Dagon did not really want to hear the man’s story, but he knew what it was to go hungry.
“I’m a seaman. I hope to earn my way back to Manoa by hiring on as a crew member.”
“Seems everyone is going to Manoa,” Dagon noted.
The man looked up, interested. “Why is that?”
“I am told their queen, Queen Shana, has died. Many of the Royal Families were invited to her memorial.”
“Queen Shana has died?” The man stopped eating for a moment.
“You knew her?”
“Of course. She is my queen. I come from Manoa.” He took another bite of cheese but chewed with less fervor. “She has been sick for a long time, but still, it is a shock.”
The man seemed moved by the death of his queen. Dagon began to wonder if he might truly have been imprisoned by mistake.
“I had best get in line to buy passage aboard,” Dagon said.
“And I had best wash up a little before I ask for work aboard,” the man said. He smiled and reached out to shake Dagon’s hand. “Sloan is my name,” he said. “And I am grateful for the food.”

Chapter 31

King’s Lake in Fernland

Electra glanced at the clothes Esmeralda had strewn across the floor next to her cot, but left them where they lay. She was tired of asking her new roommate to pick up after herself. She gathered up her own soiled clothes into a bundle and was about to leave to wash them in the lake when Esmeralda returned.
“Is there anything for lunch?” she asked.
“Not unless you brought something,” Electra said in a calm voice. She knew Esmeralda was trying for an angry reaction.
Esmeralda pursed her lips and flung her cloak on to Electra’s cot. “Whoops,” she said with a smile.
“I will be back after a time,” Electra said, stepping around Esmeralda.
“Are you doing a wash?” Esmeralda asked.
“Yes,” Electra said.
“I have a couple of things that could use a rinse,” Esmeralda said.
“Perhaps I will see you down at the beach then,” Electra said, closing the door behind her.
Electra walked down to the flat area where the water was shallow. She knew Esmeralda was trying to cause enough trouble to force Electra to ask her to leave. Then Esmeralda could take the news to Juanita to make her feel guilty. Guilty of  leaving her best friend to marry Take the Thief. Electra shook her head. She would try to give the newlyweds a little more time together before dealing with Esmeralda’s childish behavior.

Electra looked up from her washing to see the Jungle Queen sailing into King’s Lake. It was a large ship that came only once or twice a year. As it came nearer, Electra could see someone waving on board. She stood up to get a better look, then began jumping up and down, waving back. It was Dagon, she was sure of it.
It took a long time for the ship to come to rest and even longer for a shore boat to be lowered. She waited impatiently on shore as the small boat was rowed to a spot near the theater.
Dagon waded ashore and whisked Electra off her feet in a wet hug.
“I never expected you to come by ship,” Electra exclaimed.
“I have nowhere to keep my money so I thought I might as well spend it,” Dagon said, laughing.
Electra laughed and then frowned. “I would invite you to my cottage but Esmeralda is there, and she is looking for an excuse to throw a tantrum. Your arrival would likely qualify.”
“What is the problem?” Dagon asked.
“The problem is her best friend got married and she is feeling sorry for herself,” Electra said.
“I see,” Dagon said. He looked at the theater. “Are the newlyweds around? I have a bit of news for Take the Thief.”
“They are likely there at the theater apartment. What news have you?”
“Let me tell everyone at the same time. It is complicated.”

Dagon knocked on the door of the little apartment attached to the stage of the theater and Juanita opened the door.
“Dagon,” Juanita said, surprised. “When did you arrive?”
“Just now, by ship.” He lifted his jaw in the direction of the anchored Jungle Queen. “I have a bit of news from Henge to pass on to Take.”
Take walked up beside Juanita and opened the door wider. “Come in,” he said. “Is my father making trouble?”
“There was trouble, but not of his making, this time.”

When the four were settled around a small table with cups of tea, Dagon began his story.
“I arrived in Henge in time to see two ships going down in flames in the port of Henge. They had both been sunk by exploding arrows.”
Take sucked in his breath. “On my father’s orders?”
“Yes. Evidently a few men came ashore and they began looting the stalls close to the docks. I believe they planned a quick raid and a fast escape. They were not expecting the exploding arrows.”
“They were pirates, then,” Take said, looking relieved.
“There is some question about that. The group that came ashore to loot say they were hired by the others to impersonate pirates. The other group that stayed on board – those that were not drowned in the harbor – say they were prisoners of the pirates. They say King Gundar will pay their ransom.”
“Strange,” Take said. “Which group does my father believe?”
“Neither at the moment. He has them all locked in the dungeon and does not seem inclined to favor either side.”
Take stood up and looked out the window to where the Jungle Queen lay at anchor. “I suppose the Jungle Queen is going south?”
“Yes. Do you plan to head north to Henge?”
“Yes. Perhaps I can dissuade my father from hanging them all before Prince Blackwell returns from Manoa. I would not like to see him provoke an attack from Sandovia if some of them are telling the truth.”
“Should I tell the others?” Juanita asked, her voice eager. “Do you mean to take the whole acting troupe back to Henge?”
Take wrapped his hand around his chin, thinking. “We may as well all go. There is no work for us here with Queen Delphinia gone.  I need to get a down payment for our ship if we are to secure the one the boat works has under construction.”
Dagon’s mouth dropped open. “You are buying a ship?”
Take gave a harsh laugh. “Who knows what we are about these days. Now that my father is Acting King he saw fit to make our acting troupe goodwill ambassadors with our own ship to transport us from kingdom to kingdom. Needless to say this has not been sanctioned by Prince Blackwell.”
Dagon could not hold back a deep chuckle at Take’s predicament. “Ambassadors, is it? You could start with Helsop. You would not need a ship to pay us a visit.”
Take scowled. “One problem at a time.” He looked at Electra. “Are any ships scheduled to pay a visit soon on their way north?”
Electra shrugged. “Perhaps the Caliph would know.  We could ask him.”

Two days later the Pride of Manoa came into King’s Lake with King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia, Prince Blackwell, Princess Serafina and the twins all aboard.

Chapter 32

King Lake

Electra was so anxious to ask her parents’ permission to begin handing out the pox immunity paste, she persuaded Dagon to row her out to meet the Pride of Manoa as soon as the ship’s anchor hit the water.
Dagon tied their rowboat to the end of the rope ladder and they both scurried up the ladder to the deck where Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey waited with their luggage.
Queen Delphinia rushed to the ladder to welcome her daughter and son-in-law. “My dear, I am so happy and so relieved to see you alive and healthy. We worried the whole time about you both catching the pox.” 
Electra hugged her mother as she spoke. “I have found a way to ward off the pox. I have waited here for you both to return to ask your permission to give the protecting paste to Fernland’s residents.”
Queen Delphinia held her daughter at arm’s length to look into her eyes. “But you did not need to wait. You only needed to confer with Physician Rothman to put your plan in motion.”
Electra frowned. “I did confer with him. He was not in favor of the plan. But he said I might go ahead with it once I had your permission.”
“He had objections?” Queen Delphinia asked, now with a more guarded expression.
“Some objections, but they have proved groundless. I have used the paste on all the Taz workers with the Caliph’s approval and none has fallen seriously ill.”
Delphinia glanced at King Geoffrey. His face remained neutral. Delphinia opened her palm in a halting gesture. “Perhaps we need to discuss this at the castle with Physician Rothman present. I would not want him to think we had discounted his objections without first hearing them.”
Electra was disappointed that her parents were not inclined to trust her opinion above Physician Rothman’s, but she decided to wait until the Caliph was present before arguing further. She saw the twins running toward her and bent down to hug them both. Serafina was close behind them and Electra smiled but was reluctant to hug her foster mother in Delphinia’s presence.
Dagon stepped around the twins to head off the Blackwells. He seemed to fear a confrontation between the two sets of monarchs. He stopped in front of Serafina. “I have some news of Henge that I think you and Prince Blackwell should hear before you continue on to the port of Henge,” he said quietly.
King Geoffrey came closer. “Does your news concern Fernland as well?” he asked.
“I do not believe it does, but it is news you should be apprised of,” Dagon said.
“Perhaps we should all go aboard the barge to discuss this,” King Geoffrey suggested.
If Dagon was surprised that King Geoffrey was willing to invite the Blackwells aboard the Queen Delphinia, he did not show it. “Perhaps we should invite Take as well, as he is now privy to my news.”
“Take the Thief, my father’s bastard son?” Prince Blackwell asked, joining the group. “Has my father done something?”
“Let us a row over to the barge where we will all be able to speak in private. The Pride of Manoa has cargo to unload. It will be in port until the morrow,” King Geoffrey said.

Dagon rowed the group over three at a time to the barge, the Queen Delphinia, and then went back to shore to pick up Take. The others were forced to speculate until Dagon returned. 
Electra refused to tell what she knew of the situation without him. “My knowledge is all second hand. Best to wait and hear it from Dagon,” she insisted.
By the time Take and Dagon returned, Delphinia seemed quite aflutter. “Dagon, I should have asked you to pick up some refreshments from the Taz lunchroom. I realize now I have nothing to offer my guests.”  She turned to those seated around the table in the barge’s grand salon.  “Perhaps one of you would be willing to go ashore and pick up something?”  She looked hopefully at Electra.
Electra thought quickly.  She finally had all those she loved gathered together in one place and they were actually being civil to one another.  There could be no possibility of her missing this momentous occasion. “Of course I would gladly go, but I would not wish to cause further delay on this urgent discussion. I know Dagon would insist on rowing me to shore, were I to volunteer.”
Dagon nodded.  “That goes without saying, of course.”
Delphinia frowned and worried her handkerchief a bit with her fingers before taking a seat.
Dagon took a seat beside Electra and Take sat down next to Queen Delphinia which brought a smile to the queen’s face.
Electra was relieved to see that Juanita had not accompanied Take. She knew that Juanita never declined to offer her own opinion on any matter.
“There may have been a pirate attack on Henge,” Dagon began.
Prince Blackwell rose half out of his seat. “What do you mean – may have been. Either there was or there was not.”
“Certainly there was an attack and it was quickly quelled,” Dagon continued. “Both ships were sunk by exploding arrows. I watched them sink. No one escaped. Many drowned and many were captured.”
Prince Blackwell resumed his seat. “Any casualties on Henge’s side?” he asked.
“I do not believe so. Two groups were captured – those who came ashore to pillage through the stalls along the docks and those still on board who were able to make it ashore before they drowned.”
“I still do not understand your qualifying remark,” Prince Blackwell said.
Dagon cleared his throat before continuing. “The group that came ashore to burn and pillage said they were hired by the second group to pretend to be pirates. The group that stayed aboard claimed to be prisoners of the pirates. They said King Gundar would pay a ransom for their return to Sandovia.”
Prince Blackwell’s face turned red with rage. “King Gundar put them up to this?” he demanded.
“No one knows who is telling the truth. King Blackwell is not inclined to believe any of them.” Dagon sat back in his chair, his news delivered.
Prince Blackwell turned an angry face to his half-brother, Take. “How do you figure into this ruse?”
Take shrugged. “I did not know until Dagon told me, but once I learned of the attack I thought to go north to try to  stop Father from executing all of them before the truth could be found out. You know our father is inclined to impulsive actions.”
Prince Blackwell gave his brother a final suspicious glance before turning back to King Geoffrey. “While we were in Manoa, King Gundar warned me it was only a matter of time before his pirates began to look for new kingdoms to attack. He wanted to rent my army as mercenaries. I am sure he set this up to push me into accepting his offer.” He glowered for a moment, then slammed his fist down on the table. “And now he will know we have exploding arrows.”
“No one escaped to tell him,” Dagon reminded him.
“I cannot believe this of King Gundar,” Queen Delphinia objected. “We should not be so quick to believe the worst.”
King Geoffrey, Prince Blackwell and Dagon all looked at Queen Delphinia with wry expressions. Evidently they were not reluctant to believe the worst.
Princess Serafina tapped a fingernail on the table. She had everyone’s attention before she spoke. “Would it be so poor a strategy to give King Gundar the exploding arrows he needs to rid Sandovia of pirates?” she asked.

Chapter 33

King’s Lake

The Royal Families of Fernland and Henge both sat mute for a moment as they considered King Gundar’s treachery and Princess Serafina’s statement.
Princess Electra was a happy bystander.  For once she did not have a stake in the outcome of a situation and was curious to see how things would unfold.
“Surely you do not condone King Gundar’s actions,” Prince Blackwell said to his wife in a tone of disbelief.
Serafina shrugged. “I am not concerned with his actions. I am concerned with the best interests of Henge.”
“But he has planned this charade to deceive us. He thought to stage a quick raid and escape while he himself basks in Manoa’s warmth.”
“That is true. Yet we are not deceived,” Serafina said in a calm voice.
“But he should not go unpunished for such treachery,” Prince Blackwell declared. “Why do you think it is in Henge’s interest to solve his pirate problems and allow him the gift of our carefully guarded secret weapon?”
Serafina glanced at those seated around her, each in turn. “We have a larger problem named Barburee. If the Great Khan succeeds in winning an alliance with China, he has only our few kingdoms left to complete his world domination. Should he decide to turn his attention West we will need our own alliances with unconquered neighboring kingdoms to stand a chance of containing him.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “I hate to admit it, but there is sense in this argument. Our biggest threat is certainly not one another. It is Barburee.”
Prince Blackwell slowed his breathing. His flushed face still reflected his tightly held rage. “Should we then pretend to believe one group of the pirate captives over another? Ask Gundar for ransoms for his men and execute those he hired to pretend to be pirates?”
Serafina flicked her hand in a gesture of impatience. “It does not matter.  We will free whomever we choose. For our assistance with King Gundar’s problem, we will certainly demand a goodly sum. We will also charge him for the exploding arrows and the archers sent along to use them.” She leaned in close to her husband.  “There is no need to explain the science behind our secret weapon to anyone in Sandovia.”
Prince Blackwell grasped the edge of the table with white knuckles. “But this is precisely what he asked for in Manoa. He wants to rent out my Army. It sickens me to ignore his ridiculous subterfuge and give him exactly what he wants.”
Take the Thief broke the tension with a loud coughing fit. All eyes turned to him. “We do not know what King Blackwell might have already done,” he said in a quavering voice.
Prince Blackwell swept his hand down his face in frustration, then shook his head. “I cannot even guess what he might attempt in my absence. Were there a faster way to return to Henge than by ship, I would surely take it.”
“We have the Prince Avor,” Delphinia said. “It is said to be the fastest ship afloat. You might borrow that.”
King Geoffrey glowered at his wife. “I am sure it would not be faster than the Pride of Manoa,” he said in a pointed tone.
Delphinia faced her husband with an earnest expression. “But it could leave immediately. They would have to wait until morning, otherwise. The Taz seamen could sail it.”
King Geoffrey stared as hard as he could at his wife. Electra knew he was trying desperately to communicate some unspoken message. “But they have already booked their passage and paid for it aboard the Pride of Manoa.”
Take made another croaking sound. “It would be a good opportunity to try out the Prince Avor since King Blackwell has sent me here to order an identical ship to be built for my acting troupe,” he said. The words tumbled out so quickly it took a moment for their content to register with others seated at the table.
“My father did what?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“He has decreed our acting troupe to be goodwill ambassadors and ordered me to purchase a ship from the boat works that will be used to convey us to foreign kingdoms.” Take looked pleased but fearful to have got his message out.
Prince Blackwell took a deep breath and stared at Take. “And have you ordered such a ship?”
“As it happens, such a ship is already taking shape. The Caliph says we may have it as long as no one steps in before we make a down payment—that is, if King Geoffrey approves the purchase.”
King Geoffrey frowned. “This is the first I have heard of it.”
Prince Blackwell seemed to force a calm expression upon his flushed face. “Are there any other edicts my father has deemed necessary in my absence?”
“Not to my knowledge,” Take said, “but I’ve been gone for a few days.”
Prince Blackwell shifted his expression to Dagon still likely seeking an answer to the same question.
Dagon shrugged. “I was only in Henge overnight and spent that night in the Army barracks. I caught the first ship out.”
“Did the Army appear to be assembling for a campaign of any sort?” Prince Blackwell persisted. “At this point I am prepared now to assume the worst.”
Dagon smiled. “I do not believe so, but that was three days ago.”
Prince Blackwell looked at Delphinia. He avoided any eye contact with King Geoffrey. “I thank you for the offer of the Prince Avor and will accept as time seems to be of the essence.”
King Geoffrey frowned but the frown went largely unseen as everyone except Electra avoided looking in his direction.
Queen Delphinia stood up, her eyes alive with preparations. “I must notify the Caliph at once. He will assemble a crew.”  She looked around. “Electra, perhaps you and Dagon could row over to the Caliph’s quarters and tell him what is needed.” She glanced back at her sister. “Could you delay long enough for me to have some food sent down from the castle for your voyage?”
Serafina smiled. “Please do not trouble yourself. We will retrieve our luggage from the Pride of Manoa and take what provisions we need from the galley. We will be ready to leave when the crew of Taz seamen is assembled.
King Geoffrey stood up and rapped on the table to garner everyone’s attention. “I do not believe we have actually decided anything. Are we to work out an alliance that includes King Gundar? For that matter are we even to have an alliance between Henge and Fernland?”
Prince Blackwell rose from his seat as well. “It may be worth considering. Let me see what the situation is in Henge. I hesitate to predict my father’s impulsive tendencies. I will send a message back with your ship as soon as I feel I am once again in command of my kingdom.”
“I will gather my acting troupe to leave with you,” Take said. “I need to settle this business of buying a ship.”
 Serafina picked up the twins from the corner along with their dolls.
 Those headed for Henge left in a rush and Delphinia decided to depart with them. Electra glanced back to see her father sitting alone, shaking his head.

Chapter 34

Castle in Fernland

After a silent ride in the royal carriage back to Fernland’s castle, Dagon jumped out to gather the other members of Take’s acting troupe and find horses for them to make the trip down to King’s Lake without delay. King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and Electra made it to the entrance hall of the castle before the King’s simmering anger at his wife broke through.
“Why would you offer Blackwell the use of our ship, Prince Avor? What were you thinking?” he demanded.
Delphinia held up her hands in surrender. “I thought that would be the polite thing to do. It would make up for our poor treatment of them aboard the Queen Delphinia.”
King Geoffrey threw his head back and stared at the ceiling as though he may have spotted a leak. “The polite thing? What if more pirates or pretend pirates or whatever they have up there in Henge, decide to attack them and we lose the ship?”
Delphinia turned pale. “I should not want anything to happen to the twins. Do you think that is a possibility?”
Geoffrey opened his mouth to speak and then closed it. He looked at his wife, then at Electra, who stood by waiting silently. “I will leave you two to talk. I am sure you have much to discuss.”
Electra held up her hand. “Before you go, I must ask if you received the copies of the two messages I sent to you in Manoa.”
King Geoffrey stared at his daughter with a blank expression. “You sent us copies of messages?”
“Yes. No one was here to receive them so I opened them. I hope that was all right. One was from Muller the Spy and one was from Avor.”
“From Muller?” King Geoffrey said at the same time Queen Delphinia said, “from Avor?”
“Yes,” Electra said, unsure which one she should divulge first. 
“What did Muller’s say?” King Geoffrey demanded.
Electra paused, collecting her thoughts. “I cannot remember the exact words, I left his message at my cottage by the Lake. He said he had a large amount of white powder and planned to carry it by ship as far as Pala, then overland to Taz. He had enough money for the first leg of the journey and goods to sell that might be enough to finance the second. He said he would write again if he needed more money.”
King Geoffrey’s face brightened with the news.  “It is about time. This is good news, but I do not intend to share my white powder with King Gundar. Let Prince Blackwell share his if he decides to go after Sandovia’s pirates.” The King might have been warning unseen visitors for all the concern his wife and daughter displayed.
Queen Delphinia was standing on her tip toes in her excitement. “And the message from Avor? What did he say?”
Electra smiled, happy to be the bearer of good news. “He said he is on his way home.” Electra saw tears of happiness and relief already gathering at the corners of Delphinia’s eyes. “He has been entrusted by the Great Khan with the safekeeping of a future Barburee Queen. He will escort her to the kingdom of her future husband, the King of Hormu. But he says the trip may take a year or more.”
“A year or more?” Delphinia said in a voice that sounded more like a moan. “But this sounds a dangerous mission. What more did he say? What details?”
“I cannot remember. His message is with Muller’s in my cottage. I am sorry. I should have thought to bring it.”
“But why were you staying at the cottage when you have a room here at the castle?” her mother asked.
Electra shrugged. “There was my disagreement with Physician Rothman and the strangeness of being here without the two of you. I felt more comfortable being close to the Caliph.”
“But this is your home. You should never feel ill at ease here. Was your disagreement with Physician Rothman so unsettling?” Delphinia asked.
“It was. I fear for the people of Fernland should the smallpox make an appearance here. I fear for the two of you. I have evidence that the paste works. There is only a slight fever and rash lasting a day or so, and then immunity. As a physician I could not feel more strongly about the matter. I do not think Physician Rothman current in his views.” Electra took a breath and remained resolute.
Queen Delphinia looked at her husband, who stood by, listening closely.
“If I might make a suggestion,” he said, “why not have an invitation to receive the paste sent out with both views summarized. Let each person decide whether or not to try the paste.” 
“And what of the two of you?” Electra asked in a stiff voice. “Which way will you choose?”
Geoffrey and Delphinia glanced at one another. It seemed neither one was ready to declare.
Delphinia reached out to take Electra’s hand. “You say the Caliph tried your paste?”
“He did. And upon finding the results satisfactory, he ordered all his workers to submit themselves as well.”
“Perhaps you could take the royal carriage back to the lake to retrieve the messages,” Delphinia said. “And be sure to bring the Caliph back with you for dinner. We could include his experience with your immunity paste on the circular. Your father and I will give you our decision tonight at dinner. Does that sound satisfactory?” 
“That sounds perfect,” Electra said. “Feel free to invite Physician Rothman to dinner if you wish.” Electra’s tone was still a little defensive.
“That will not be necessary,” King Geoffrey said. “Bring me Muller’s message as soon as you return. I will be in the throne room.”
Queen Delphinia pulled her daughter close as soon as Geoffrey had left. Electra looked at her expectantly.
“I know you have spent some time with Esme and Shalin,” she began. “Have you noticed anything exceptional about them?”
Electra smiled. “Everything about them is exceptional.”
“I mean more than the usual gifts. I mean gifts heretofore unheard of,” Delphinia said.
“Gifts such as the ability to put thoughts in peoples’ minds? Or to call objects to themselves?” Electra asked.
Delphinia nodded. “Exactly like that.” She took a deep breath and put her hand on a chair to steady herself before continuing. “Do you know the extent of their extraordinary powers?” 
Electra watched her mother carefully as she spoke.  She knew too much excitement might bring on a fainting spell. “I am not sure the twins’ powers have reached their full extent. They have the power to move water. They accidentally flooded the castle grounds while trying to aid another child in floating his toy boats.”
Delphinia gasped. “I knew it was them. While in Manoa they pulled water out of a sinking boat to save the children inside from drowning.”
Electra nodded and lowered her voice. “I fear for their safety should this information become common knowledge.” 
“My feelings exactly,” Delphinia said with a sigh. “I have come to love them both.”
Electra smiled and hugged her mother. “I am so happy to hear it. I adore them as well.”
Delphinia took another deep breath. “Go and retrieve Avor’s message. I must hold it in my hands as soon as possible. We will speak more of the twins later. But take Muller’s message to your father first. I know he is anxious to read what Muller has written.”
Electra kissed her mother and ran to the door.

Chapter 35

Port of Taz

As King Geoffrey was reading the message Muller the Spy had written months earlier, Muller himself stood beside Haddad the Shipbuilder on the deck of a Taz ship watching the beautiful white marble city of Taz come into view. They had been many weeks aboard ship and were anxious to make landfall.
Muller saw Haddad’s posture stiffen as more and more women and children gathered at the docks to welcome the fleet home from China.
“Is something wrong?” Muller asked, surprised that Haddad would be upset by such a large welcome.
“When we were ordered to China by the Great Khan, we had hoped to move most of our women and children back to the boat works at Fernland; we did not trust Barburee to look after them properly. But look at this crowd of people here to welcome us.  I do not think any of our families have left for Fernland.”
“They all look healthy,” Muller noted. “But how were they to get to Fernland? Your whole fleet was sent to China.”
“No, our flagship, the Spirit of Taz, was left behind to transport Princess Electra back to Fernland after the Great Khan’s grandchild was born.”
Muller saw that Haddad was assuming the worst – King Geoffrey had refused to shelter the Taz women and children in Fernland. “But if that were the case, surely the Spirit of Taz would be anchored here,” Muller said, worried now that his free transport to Fernland might be slipping away. “We should not leap to conclusions.”
Haddad’s jaw was set in anger, but he said nothing more.

Once ashore, Muller stayed close to Haddad, anxious to determine the fate of the barrels of white powder still aboard the Taz ships. Physician Rabar, Haddad’s brother, found them in the crowd on the docks.
“Where is the Spirit of Taz?” Haddad demanded after a cursory hug.
Physician Rabar looked down, his face a mask of sadness. “It is not a happy story, but come, both of you. We will have some food together as we catch up on one another’s news.”
Muller was relieved to hear he was included in the physician’s invitation.

When they were seated at Physician Rabar’s table, Haddad asked his brother again, “Where is the Spirit of Taz?”
Physician Rabar sighed deeply. “As I said, it is not a happy story. Princess Electra, Father and over two hundred of our women and children started out aboard the Spirit of Taz on their way to Fernland. Many days later, they all returned, walking overland from Venito to Taz.” Rabar held up his hand to stave off his brother’s outrage. “The Spirit of Taz was captured by pirates in Venito and, to my knowledge, it remains there to this day.” 
“All those aboard returned overland?” Haddad emphasized the word ‘all,’ knowing what an arduous trip it must have been.
Rabar smiled. “Yes, all. We have Princes Electra’s gold and Father’s good sense and leadership to thank for that.”
 “The pirates let them go?” Haddad’s face mirrored his disbelief.
“Not exactly,” Rabar continued. “The pirates decided to let them drown as they tried to swim ashore. But the head pirate was worried that Venito’s militia would not tolerate such mass murder, even though the pirates pay the militia to look the other way. Father proposed a plan to the pirate leader. He told them there was a man in Venito he knew who would look after them in exchange for money. He convinced them that Princess Electra could give the man money.”
 “Why did they not simply take her money?” Haddad asked, amazed at this kind of behavior by pirates.
“It was a complicated situation. Electra’s two chaperones, Tandor and Olaf, were ashore, waiting to be picked up by the Spirit of Taz. They held her gold coins for safe keeping.”
“So it was Electra’s fault the Caliph went into Venito to begin with?” Haddad asked, back to an indignant tone.
“Yes, Father sought to do this favor for King Geoffrey as the two men ashore in Venito were thought to have a cache of white powder for Fernland.”
“Always the white powder,” Haddad said with an angry glance at Muller.
“Always,” Rabar agreed. “As it turned out, they had no white powder. The cave that once held the powder had been swept clean, likely by the Great Khan’s men. But they still had the money and Electra managed to turn a small amount into a ransom.”
“So all the women and children were turned loose?”
“More precisely, they escaped before the opportunist could sell them as slaves.”
Haddad’s hand curled into a fist. “How did they manage the overland trip?”
“For that we are in debt to Physician Electra. She held back most of her gold coins and used the money to attach them all to a caravan. She paid the camel pullers for food, blankets and whatever else was needed to bring everyone home.”
Haddad directed an apologetic glance in Muller’s direction, then looked out the open door to the sea beyond. “It seems the next order of business is a visit to Venito to retrieve the Spirit of Taz.”
Rabar smiled. “I assumed you would feel that way. But I believe you should speak first to our Barburee overseers. Have you managed to gather the intelligence on China’s navy the Great Khan requested?”
Haddad nodded. “I have made sketches of the ships we observed in China, which are many and varied. Who is left in charge at the Great Khan’s camp?”
“General Yeke Unegen seems to be in charge. He is an older man, perhaps too old now to be a soldier, and I believe he is second cousin to the Great Khan. He comes sometimes along with our allotment of food to ask if we have had any word from you. I have to admit he has cared well for our families in your absence. It turns out we did not need sanctuary in Fernland after all.”
“I will go and speak to this general. I have some ideas for ships that might be built for the Great Khan, though I hesitate to explain them to a man who has never set foot aboard a ship in his life.”
Physician Rabar smiled and nodded.
“But when I return, we will make plans to attack Venito. I do not intend to leave the Spirit of Taz in the pirates’ keeping one more day than is necessary.”

Muller had listened to this whole exchange between brothers, scarcely daring to breathe.  Now he took a deep breath and said quickly, “I will go with you to Venito.” 
Haddad paused. He seemed to be considering Muller’s request. “You may accompany us. We will send one ship on to Fernland from Venito with you and your barrels of fertilizer.”
Muller stuck a huge spoonful of couscous into his mouth to hide his huge smile. 

Chapter 36

City of Kash

While Queen Delphinia was unrolling Avor’s message scroll, running her finger over her son’s written words, Avor and his band of two hundred were turning onto the famous and well-traveled Silk Road that linked trade between Europe and Asia by an overland route.
Before them lay the sprawling City of Kash, a rich and bustling metropolis situated at an important crossroads, linking northern and southern routes to the Silk Road which ran from east to west.
Prince Avor looked forward to staying at one of the city’s inns but when he presented his golden tablet at the city gate, he and his entourage were escorted to the ruler’s castle with great fanfare. Soldiers rode ahead to clear the way for the Great Khan’s representatives.
They galloped through muddy streets, to a large house surrounded by orchards, vineyards and gardens. The house was not built as a castle, with defensive walls and watch towers, but as a large plantation house where occupants did not fear outside attacks.
Avor and Princess Cogatin were shown into the ruler’s reception area. His name was Sultan Chilgi. He appeared happy to have visitors.
“I am honored by your visit,” Chilgi said, with a slight bow.
Prince Avor and Princess Cogatin were quick to return his bow.
“You have come at an opportune time,” he continued. “Tomorrow we have our annual falconry display. You both must join us at the river.”
Avor and Cogatin bowed again in acceptance of the invitation.
“But for now, you will wish to rest.” The sultan flicked his fingers forward and a servant rushed to their side. “My man will show you to your suites where your retainers will join you. We will dine together and exchange our news after you have rested.”
The house was huge, with many additions to hold guests. Avor was shown to an annex built out into an ornamental garden with species of trees he had never seen before. Some were in blossom and a few hung with exotic fruits. A creek ran through the garden with canals branching off from the stream. It was a beautiful, peaceful place. There were rooms connected to his and some of the two hundred were already filing in. Avor had no idea how it was decided who should stay in the manor house and who should camp outside. One thing he was certain of – it was good to be the bearer of the golden tablet.
Ansolve and his wife, Aliya, had been assigned a room close to his. He had asked them to be keepers of his falcon during his audience with Kash’s ruler. He found them both wandering in the garden, entranced with the beauty of their accommodations. Ansolve held his falcon.
Prince Avor took his falcon onto his wrist and smoothed her feathers.
“There is to be a falconry display tomorrow. I do not think our young bird is yet ready to take part. Perhaps you and Aliya should keep her hooded so she does not become too excited. If you wish to go, that is,” Avor said.
Ansolve looked at his wife. She shook her head. “I believe we will never see a garden so fine as this one again,” Aliya said. “If it is not required that we attend, I believe we would rather stay here.”
Avor nodded. “I will find out. It is indeed a beautiful place. But I believe I am obligated to attend. Perhaps I will learn something of use in my own falcon training enterprise.”

That evening at dinner Prince Avor, Princess Cogatin and many of their retainers sat on cushions at a long board filled with the bounty of Kash and supplemented with delicacies brought in on the many caravans that passed through Kash over the Silk Road. Avor assumed Sultan Chilgi levied a tax on each caravan. That might account for his lavish lifestyle.
Sultan Chilgi held out his hands over the food-laden board. “You must try everything. Ask if you have questions. I am sure some of these foods will be new to you. We are fortunate to live at a crossroads of trade.”
Avor did indeed have many questions about what he was eating, but something about Sultan Chilgi’s hospitality bothered him. He looked over at Princess Cogatin who had also been seated near Kash’s ruler. “Have you any questions?” Avor asked.
The Princess gave a little shake of her head and Avor had a feeling she, also, was hesitant to speak too freely.
Sultan Chilgi leaned back on his cushions in a relaxed manner. “I assume you are coming from Khara Khara, our Barburee homeland?”
“Yes,” Prince Avor said. “We have been many weeks passing through the desert.”
“Yes, our great Govi Desert. An amazing place. Always the Barburee people prefer to wait for a visit to Khara Khara to arrange their marriages. I suppose there are many weddings taking place there?”
Avor nodded. “Yes, many.”
“And who was married? I am sorry I was not able to attend.”
Avor looked again at Princess Cogatin.
She named off a few who had been married from her village. She could have named many more, Avor was sure. She seemed to be reluctant to give Sultan Chilgi too much information. Marriages meant alliances between families and between tribes. A marriage was political as well as personal. She herself was promised to a man she did not know for the well-being of her family and tribe. With her cousin Queen Bolgana’s death, her tribe had suffered a great loss of power and prestige. As soon as Cogatin was married and took Bolgana’s place as Queen, the balance of power would be restored. Her whole tribe was grateful for the former Queen’s dying wish.
Avor continued to try new foods and found almost all delicious. He especially liked the cut noodle dishes and the spiced tea, both staples of Kash, Sultan Chilgi told him.
Chilgi made one last try for information before the dinner ended and the entertainers were brought in. “How many made the journey to Khara Khara this spring?” he asked in a nonchalant manner.
“Many thousands,” Avor said for some reason, though his answer should more correctly have been, many tens of thousands.

Chapter 37

City of Kash

Prince Avor woke up early on the day of the falcon hunt. He wanted to visit the bazaar before it was time to leave with Sultan Chilgi for the site of the hunt.
Avor searched through his saddle bags to find the gold and ruby necklace Bataar had given him for his share of the spoils taken from the bandits they had killed months before. He did not like the idea of keeping goods taken by force and decided to sell the necklace at the bazaar since he had no one to give it to.
He had only a short ride to the bazaar which took up a large part of the city. The bazaar was a maze of stalls with narrow corridors in between. There were all manner of wild animal pelts – Siberian tigers, wolves, foxes, snow leopards – as well as wool and leather. There was every manner of foodstuff – cooked, dried, smoked – as well as fresh.
He stopped to purchase some dried fruit for the road ahead and was surprised to find Princess Cogatin there with some of her lady companions.
“I had thought to buy some dried fruits for the journey,” he said. “I am sure a bazaar this large is not common along the Silk Road.”
Princess Cogatin nodded. “This is one of the best. It sits at a crossroads.”
Avor reached into his pocket and pulled out the gold and ruby necklace. “This was given to me and I have no use for it. Do you know where I might exchange it for coins?”
Princess Cogatin held the necklace up for a closer look. “This is quite a treasure. The jewelry vendors are a few streets over. If you like, I will take it with me. Some of my lady companions wish to go there.” She glanced up at Prince Avor as she held the necklace on her open palm. “Even though you wear the uniform of the Great Khan’s soldiers, the vendors will know you are a foreigner. They will try to give you too little.”
Avor smiled. “Then you should take it. And keep half of what it brings for your service. As I said, I have no use for it.”
Cogatin leaned closer. “You are most generous, but I am honor bound to give you whatever it brings.” She took a quick glance around as though checking for eavesdroppers.  “It was good that you did not divulge the size of the Great Khan’s Army to Sultan Chilgi. My family does not trust him. Even though he is the Great Khan’s nephew and has been given a rich province to rule, he seeks more.”
Avor nodded and mirrored her caution, checking to see that no one stood close enough to hear. He realized the seriousness of this accusation. No one seemed to be interested in their conversation.
“Will you be at the display of falconry?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said. “I have been invited. I must go.”
Avor took a different route back to Sultan Chilgi’s manor house. At a barber’s stall a man with a razor stepped out and asked him if he wanted a shave. Avor was surprised and felt the soft hairs on his chin with equal parts of shock and pride. If he came across a looking glass he would have to observe this new development. He declined the man’s offer and hurried back to the manor house through the busy streets of the bazaar.

At the grounds surrounding the manor house, Avor was shocked to see the number of falcons and handlers assembled there. He had expected a few dozen or perhaps even a hundred, but not the thousands of men and birds preparing to leave for the riverbanks where the hunt would take place.
All manner of conveyances were assembled to transport the yurts that would house this multitude of falconers. The yurts themselves were spectacular. He could see they were unusually large, even folded as they were and pressed into carts. They were covered on the outside with the pelts of tigers and wolves. Beneath the flaps Avor could see the inner lining of soft furs, possibly ermine and sable.
Besides the ever present Barburee horses, there were camels and even elephants saddled with ornate blankets and leather bindings. Two elephants carried a covered platform between them. Men on foot stood ready to beat the undergrowth beside the river to scare up the game that would become the falcons’ prey.
Avor was glad he had kept his own falcon safe in the manor house. This looked to be shaping up as a savage display. He noticed one man dressed in furs holding an eagle on his arm and wondered what prey would befit such a huge bird.
The massive caravan began to move out even as confusion still reigned amongst those thousands gathered. Sultan Chilgi and two of his wives climbed a wooden ladder to sit atop the platform on the backs of the yoked elephants. Food and drinks were handed up after they were settled in on silk cushions.
The elephants moved forward to the blaring of trumpets. Camels and horses followed in their wake. Avor found his horse and fell in with some of his men. They moved in a long line out through the orchards and vineyards to the scrub woods that filled the broad floodplain of the river.
By mid-day they reached the stretch of river where wildlife was most plentiful. The flat plain just at the foot of the mountains contained everything from small burrowing animals to large carnivores.
Avor and his men were summoned forward to be in the company of Sultan Chilgi as yurts were pulled from their carts and set up by servants. Sultan Chilgi came down from his elephant platform and invited Avor and his party to join him for lunch. The beaters were sent far out to the base of the mountains to begin chasing the prey in towards the river.
Avor, honored as the Great Khan’s ambassador and holder of the golden tablet, sat close to the sultan.
“Have you attended a falcon hunt before?” Sultan Chilgi asked.
“Never,” Avor admitted, not hiding his awe at the extravagance of the display.
Sultan Chilgi’s eyes sparkled with anticipation. “Within a few hours, the game will surface. The birds will sense their prey.”
“I noticed some eagles among the falcons,” Avor said. “Are they trained to hunt any particular prey?” 
Sultan Chilgi smiled. “You may have noticed the flocks of sheep as you entered Kash from the East.”
Avor’s expression was thoughtful. Surely the eagles were not trained to kill sheep.
“The eagles are trained to hunt the wolves that hunger after our sheep,” Chilgi said, his eyes alive with excitement. “You will see.”
Avor was not skilled as a hunter. His mother had discouraged hunting as being too dangerous a sport. He was not sure he wanted to witness the impending show of feathered carnage. He thought he might perhaps set his falcon free once they were far from the City of Kash.

Chapter 38

River outside Kash

Prince Avor lay comfortably in his assigned yurt at the end of the first day of the falcon hunt. It had been a barbaric, yet wondrous display. He considered what the day’s events had taught him about the Barburee people.
Those handlers and owners of falcons who had performed well were honored, praised and rewarded. Those whose birds had faltered were ridiculed and scorned. Pity and kindness had no place in Barburee culture. Avor had noted the bloodthirsty excitement in his host’s expressions. Sultan Chilgi made no attempt to hide it. Avor found it distasteful but he recognized it as a useful trait in a soldier.
Avor burrowed deep into his yurt’s ermine lining and wondered at Sultan Chilgi’s taste for this sort of luxury. It was not common for a Barburian to show this love of comfort. Most prided themselves on their ability to withstand hardship and deprivation. He assessed this more prevalent trait as vital to a conquering nation.
Avor could hear a few men still singing around campfires, no doubt slightly inebriated from drinking the fermented mare’s milk they relished. He wondered where his two hundred men had been assigned to sleep and suddenly sat upright, appalled at his ignorance.
Why did he not know? They were more or less under his command. Avor suddenly realized he had been a very poor commander. In the Barburee Army all soldiers were accustomed to training every day under their assigned leaders. He had been assigned to guard the Princess, therefore he was in charge. What was he thinking, allowing Sultan Chilgi to assign any of his men to do anything—especially since Princess Cogatin did not trust Chilgi? 

The next morning Avor found his men camping alongside the river and called them together.
“Men,” he shouted, calling them to attention. “When we leave Kash we will be traveling the Silk Road. We have been charged with an important mission by the Great Khan. We must bring Princess Cogatin to Hormu unharmed. The biggest threat we will encounter along the Silk Road will be attacks from bandits, but we should be ready for every kind of trouble. Beginning today we will form into ten man units as is customary. Every ten will be assigned a leader. Each one-hundred-man unit will have a commander. Those two commanders will report to me. The Princess and her companions will be flanked by soldiers at all times as we travel. Starting today we will train for an hour a day. Those with falcons will train for an additional hour a day. Any questions?”
One man stepped up and stood at attention. “Will we choose our own leaders for the groups of ten?” he asked.
“No,” Avor said. “I will watch your training exercises and after a fortnight I will appoint leaders. I will camp out with a different unit each night until I know each of you by name.”
The men exchanged surprised but approving glances at one another.
“How will we choose our groups of ten?” another soldier asked.
“You may align yourselves into groups of ten. Stay with those you know best when possible. Where there are openings I will try to aid you, but you must be able to work together as a team,” Avor said. “Any other questions?”
“Where shall we train?” a man asked.
“We will start here on this river bank,” Avor said. “Form into your groups of ten and we will begin with a game of ‘slice the tip off the willow branch.’ The winning unit of ten will camp tonight in the ermine lined yurt assigned to me by Sultan Chilgi. I have no further need of it as I will begin tonight to camp with my various units.”
Avor’s orders put the men into a good mood and they were soon busy composing their units and gathering branches for the game. Avor had first witnessed this game as a demonstration of Barburee’s prowess in archery years ago in Fernland. The soldiers would ride at top speed toward a sapling stuck in the ground and shoot an arrow at the tip of the branch. Those lucky enough to sever the tip of the branch would try to catch it before it fell to the ground.
The day’s falcon hunt had not yet started, as the beaters were still closing in on the wildlife along another length of the river. Many people gathered to watch Avor’s two hundred compete against one another to ‘catch the tip.’
Avor did not compete, though he had become a very competent archer and might have done well. Pride in his men’s abilities swept over him and he wondered why it had taken him so long to realize he was in charge. He was, after all, the holder of the golden tablet.
Sultan Chilgi appeared on his elephant platform with several of his wives. They sat on their platform cheering and laughing as the soldiers played their game with skill and determination. A servant sought out Prince Avor and told him Sultan Chilgi had invited him to sit with him on his platform. Avor told him to send his regrets to Sultan Chilgi. He needed to oversee his men’s performance at close range to assess their abilities. He decided if this offended Sultan Chilgi he did not care. He held the golden tablet and his decisions had to be respected.

The eagles had shown their prowess at attacking wolves on the first day of the hunt. Today the gyrfalcons would be flown. Avor watched carefully to see how the keepers handled their birds. Each bird had a small silver tag attached to its leg with the name of its keeper and its owner. If the birds became lost they could easily be returned.
The gyrfalcons were very swift and very deadly, swooping down on small birds and animals with astounding speed and accuracy. Avor knew this display was the result of years of patient training.
The birds were never pets. They were by instinct solitary hunters. The partnership with their keepers was a matter of natural inclinations and survival. Avor decided he would enlist Princess Cogatin’s help in his training program for those who had purchased falcons.

At lunch Sultan Chilgi tried a new tactic to gain information from Avor. “Your men are quite skilled at the game of ‘catch the tip.’ I would be honored if you would arrange a game with some of my soldiers once the falcon hunt is ended”
“Thank you for the invitation but we must leave tomorrow. We are charged with delivering the future Queen to Hormu as you know.”
“But surely you must stay to the end of the falcon hunt,” Sultan Chilgi insisted.
“We are not at liberty to allow time for entertainment, though we have enjoyed our time here and your hospitality. We will certainly tell the Great Khan we were well treated.”
Sultan Chilgi paused, seemingly surprised by Avor’s new manner of speaking. “Where will the Great Khan travel now the spring nuptials are over?” he asked in a casual voice.
“I am not privy to the Great Khan’s plans. I only know my own destination and timetable.”
Sultan Chilgi frowned and stood abruptly. “It is time to begin the afternoon hunt,” he said. He did not invite Avor to join him on his elephant platform.

Chapter 39

Castle at Henge City

After three days aboard the Prince Avor, Take the Thief rushed off the ship and was the first to arrive at Henge’s castle. He had left his acting troupe on board, charged with the task of gathering up their luggage. The Blackwells were similarly involved with the added task of leading the panther and wolves from the Prince Avor without causing any undue disturbance at the docks.
Take found his father holding court in the throne room. He breathed a little easier on seeing that all the prisoners still seemed to be alive.
King Blackwell had donned a fur tunic, a crown and a sword for the event. The prisoners were all shackled to one another, each released only long enough to give his testimony before the King.
King Blackwell gave a brief nod when his son entered the room. He appeared happy to see him but only waved Take to a chair. He appeared to be thoroughly engrossed in the testimony of the prisoner who stood before him.
“Do you deny taking part in the raid on the business stalls at the docks?”
“No, Your Majesty, it was what I was hired to do.”
“And who hired you to do this?”
“Them over there that claims they was our prisoners.” The man turned his head in the direction of the men who had survived drowning by swimming to shore.
“How much were you paid?” King Blackwell asked.
“A gold coin. Same as the others of us that went ashore.”
King Blackwell scowled. “Answer only for yourself. The others will get their turn.” King Blackwell pursed his lips as he considered his next question. “What commands were you given to accomplish here at Henge?” The king leaned forward, his eyes locked on his prisoner.
“We, I mean I, was told to break things up, set a few fires, but not to kill anyone if I could avoid it.”
King Blackwell rested his chin on his thumb for a few seconds. “Why did those who hired you want this done?”
“I do not know, Your Majesty. They did not tell us; I mean, they did not tell me.”
“Where were you when you were hired?” King Blackwell asked.
“I was at a tavern on the waterfront in Sandovia. I’m a seaman. I was looking for work, but it’s hard to find. Not many ships will stop there now because of the pirates.”
“But you yourself have never considered being a pirate?” King Blackwell narrowed his eyes as he fixed the man in a harsh gaze.
The man took a deep breath. “I was close to considerin’ it. That’s why I agreed to pretend to be a pirate.”
King Geoffrey motioned to a guard to take the man back to the line of shackled men and bring the next one forward. Just as he was about to begin his questioning, Prince Blackwell came through the door of the throne room.
“Father, I am so sorry to interrupt these august proceedings, but it is urgent I have a word with you,” he said.
King Blackwell looked annoyed. But since his son had asked so politely, he could hardly decline.
“The court will be adjourned for a brief recess. All of you stay where you are,” King Blackwell ordered.

King Blackwell walked out the door of the throne room with his son, Prince Blackwell. Take the Thief followed them out. The three took chairs at the dining table and were soon joined by Princess Serafina.
“You do not know what has happened here,” King Blackwell said to Prince Blackwell. “Henge has been attacked. It would be best if you let me handle it. I was just getting to the bottom of things. I believe King Gundar of Sandovia may be involved in this attack. I have put our army on alert.”
“Actually I do know,” Prince Blackwell said. “I had a report from Dagon of Helsop.”
King Blackwell frowned. “He should not be interfering in Henge’s business.”
“We have managed to piece together what was behind the attack and you are correct in thinking King Gundar was involved.”
King Blackwell stood up abruptly. “Do not pretend to know more than I do. I was here. You were not. I need to get back to questioning my prisoners.” 
Serafina held up her hand to stop him. “We have already decided to give King Gundar the white powder he needs to solve his pirate problem.”
“You’ve done what?” King Blackwell’s face turned a shade of crimson.
Prince Blackwell intervened. “Calm yourself Father, and let me tell you what happened in Manoa.”
King Blackwell sat back down, reluctantly. “Something happened in Manoa?”
Prince Blackwell nodded. “King Gundar tried to hire out my Army as mercenaries to solve his pirate problem. He hinted that it was only a matter of time before Sandovia’s pirates attacked Henge.”
King Blackwell flinched a little when his son said ‘my Army.’ After a short pause, he said, “We must attack Sandovia without delay.”
“That was my first response as well,” Prince Blackwell said. “But then calmer heads prevailed.”
“What nonsense is this? This situation calls for action, not calm. There is no excuse for Gundar’s behavior. Did he really believe us so gullible?”
Serafina spoke up again. “It is a measure of his own ineptitude that he did think us so gullible. He is probably more deserving of our pity and our revenge.”
King Blackwell scowled. “Pitiful or not, he will die for this ruse.”
“He is not worth the trouble,” Serafina argued. “I believe he could only be useful as Henge’s pawn and that is what he would become if we solve his pirate problem.”
The crimson color began to drain from King Blackwell’s face and a puzzled expression took its place. “I fail to see how he would be useful as a pawn.”.
“Do you see Sandovia as a bigger threat than Barburee?”
King Blackwell smacked his lips in disgust. “No, of course not, but Gundar has sought to deceive us and Barburee has turned its attention eastward, away from us.”
“The Great Khan seeks to rule the world. It is only a matter of time before he conquers China and turns again in our direction,” Serafina said.
King Blackwell opened his mouth to refute her, but seemed unable to find a solid argument to advance. “So what is it you propose to do?” he asked, looking at Prince Blackwell, rather than Serafina.
“We thought we might offer to sell him some exploding arrows. Might as well profit in some manner,” Prince Blackwell said with a shrug.
“Sell him our secret weapon?” King Blackwell gasped. “Surely you jest?”
“He is not clever enough to produce exploding arrows of his own accord and that would at least keep him from making Helsop wealthy with his continuing orders for conventional weapons,” Prince Blackwell said in consoling tone.
King Blackwell shook his head. “It is not in my nature to let a crime go unpunished.”
“I know, Father,” Prince Blackwell said. He did not add the words that all knew he could have added—but I am back in command now.

Chapter 40

Castle at Henge

Take the Thief accompanied his father back to the throne room. King Blackwell was in a foul mood and Take decided this was not the time to bring up the matter of the down payment on his ship.
King Blackwell stepped up to sit on his former throne. He looked down on his prisoners, each one caught in the act of attacking Henge, therefore deserving of the death penalty. Even worse, in his estimation, they had witnessed the power of Henge’s secret weapon, the exploding arrows. He cleared his throat with a loud rasping noise.
“I have decided to forgo further testimony. Since no person in Henge suffered bodily harm, I will show undeserved leniency. All prisoners will be set free on this one condition. You will leave Henge within twenty-four hours. If you have no money for passage by ship, you will leave overland. Anyone of you still here in Henge after this one day grace period will be executed. Have I made myself clear?”
The prisoners appeared both surprised and anxious over the King’s decision. They began to discuss their various strategies for a quick departure while their shackles were being removed. As soon as they were all freed of their chains, King Blackwell stood up and banged his cane on the base of the throne. All eyes turned to him.
“Get out,” he bellowed.
 The prisoners ran for the doors.

As the throne room cleared of soldiers, guards and prisoners, Take walked over to stand by his father.
“I would like to show you the ship that brought us here,” Take said.
King Blackwell glanced at Take with an angry expression. “Why would I care what ship you came on?”
“It was built at the boat works at King’s Lake. They are building a twin to it now. The new one might do as a ship for our new assignment as traveling ambassadors.”
King Blackwell stared at Take for a moment as though trying to comprehend his words. Then understanding came into his eyes. “I see. A ship. Yes.” He paused a moment to consider. “Yes. Let us go and take it for a run. It would do me good to get away from the castle for a bit.”

Take and his father walked down to the docks at a leisurely pace.
“It’s too bad Ambrose arrived when he did,” King Blackwell grumbled, calling Prince Blackwell by his given name.  “A few more days and I would have had our army aboard ships to invade Sandovia. I would’ve taken over their castle first and cleared out their pirates second. Would have had it all sewn up by the time Gundar got back from Manoa to find his kingdom in ruins. Bad timing, I’d call it that Ambrose got back here when he did.”
“I have no doubt your plan would have succeeded,” Take said.
“No doubt at all,” King Blackwell said. His spirits seemed to lift with the thought of it.
“You certainly put a scare into those prisoners with your twenty-four hour deadline,” Take noted.
King Blackwell thumped his cane on the ground and smiled. “I did, didn’t I? Meant every word, too.”
“There’s the ship,” Take said, pointing to the harbor ahead. “It’s a small ship, but very fast. It’s called the Prince Avor.”
King Blackwell stopped suddenly. “The Prince Avor? Whose ship is this?”
“I suppose it is King Geoffrey’s ship,” Take said.
“My two sons sailed here on a ship owned by King Geoffrey? Did you steal it?”
“No,” Take said, alarmed by his father’s reaction. “He let us take it so we could get here faster after he heard about the pirate attack.”
King Blackwell’s expression was irate. “What were you all doing talking to Geoffrey about Henge?”
“Prince Blackwell’s family and Geoffrey’s family came into King’s Lake on the same boat, the Pride of Manoa. Dagon was waiting on shore. He told them about the pirate attack in Henge as soon as their ship anchored.”
King Blackwell spit out his fury on the side of the road. “Dagon again. I should have put him in the dungeon along with the prisoners.” He resumed walking, quiet for a time. “And King Geoffrey actually offered the use of his ship?”
“I believe it was actually Queen Delphinia who offered it. I don’t think King Geoffrey was in favor of the idea. In fact he looked a little cross with his wife.”
King Blackwell smirked. “Let’s take the ship out for a sail. See what she can do in the open sea.”

Back at the castle, Serafina was busy unpacking. She took the twins to the kitchen and asked Cook if they might stay with her for a time.
“My two little helpers? ‘A course they can stay,” Cook said with enthusiasm. “I’ve got naught to do now the dungeon has emptied out. Been cookin’ nonstop since we took in that bunch a pirates. Even with just bread and water it was lots of trips down them slippery steps to the dungeon.”
“So you are back to a handful of prisoners in the dungeon now?” Serafina asked.
“Not even a finger full. The old King emptied out the cells the day them pirates attacked ta make room fer the new prisoners.”
Serafina paused. “What did he do with the old prisoners?”
“Same as today. Told ‘em to get out. Two of them was so old they only got as far as the back door. I’ve been given’ ‘em scraps and handouts as they’ve no place ta go now.”
“What about the one called Sloan?” Serafina asked. 
“That one? He didn’t waste no time gettin’ out. He took off fast. Headed down ta the docks, I think. I haven’t seen him around since.”
Serafina left quickly to find Prince Blackwell.

Prince Blackwell was in his office, straightening his desk when Serafina walked in.
“I must leave for Manoa at once,” she said.
“What?” her husband bellowed. “Why?”
“I never told you about a man named Sloan,” she said. “I had him in the dungeon and now it appears he has been set free by your father. He was my man in charge of our white powder enterprise on White Cliffs Island. He was siphoning off extra profits for himself so I tricked him into returning to Henge with me. He knows too much and I am sure he is headed back to Manoa.”
“Perhaps we should send a unit to apprehend him,” Blackwell said.
“This is best done quietly but swiftly. I know what he looks like.”
Prince Blackwell shook his head. “But we have only now returned.”
“I know. But it cannot be helped. I must find him before he tells King Shabas what he knows of our operation there.”
“Then I will come with you.”
“Better you stay and keep your father from declaring war on Sandovia.” Serafina cautioned as she rushed out of the office.

Chapter 41

Port of Venito

As the Taz fleet approached the port city of Venito, Muller the Spy knocked on the door of Captain Haddad’s cabin.
“Come in,” Haddad’s voice called out.
Muller opened the cabin door and found Haddad seated at his desk, pouring over a nautical chart with his brother, Physician Rabar, at his side.
“We are planning our strategy,” Haddad said, glancing up at Muller.
“Your strategy for attacking the pirates in Venito?” Muller asked.
Haddad nodded. “We have decided to send one ship into the harbor, as bait. I want to be sure we are attacked by the pirates. If they see the whole fleet come in, they will hide rather than attack.”
Physician Rabar seemed to agree. “We need to bring out both their ships, their own small ship and our captured Spirit of Taz.”
Muller moved closer and put down the box he was carrying.
“What is this,” Haddad asked, looking at the box.
“I have brought you some packets of explosives that can be attached to your arrows. Since you all seem to know about them already and I have the white powder needed to ignite them, I thought I might as well do my part to defeat these pirates. They have captured Fernland’s Princess once and that cannot be tolerated.”
“You know how to use these?” Haddad asked, examining the packets.
Muller tilted his head. “I am not much of an archer, but I spent some time with the Great Khan’s Army as you know. I learned how to make the explosive packets.”
“Will you teach us how to make them?” Haddad asked.
“No. Not without King Geoffrey’s permission. They are supposed to be a secret weapon. Perhaps he will allow it, but I am taking a chance of losing my position as Chief Spy by doing even this much.”
“I understand,” Haddad said. “We appreciate it.”
“What if they send out only the Spirit of Taz to attack us? Surely you do not want to sink your own flag ship,” Muller said.
“No. We will only use your explosives on their small ship. If we have to, we will go to their cave hideout and fight them there to retrieve our ship. But if they attack with their pirate ship, we will not hesitate to sink them,” Haddad said.
“When will the remainder of the Taz fleet join the fight,” Muller asked.
“Once we have engaged the pirates, the other ships in our fleet will seal off the mouth of the harbor to prevent any pirates from escaping. The fleet will come to our aid if I signal for help.”
“We three from Fernland stand ready to help, though my two companions, Hilgard and Dong Hao, are not trained as soldiers.”
Haddad arched an eyebrow. “I think we can manage without further assistance.”

Haddad’s ship sailed slowly into the mouth of the harbor. The rest of the fleet hung back, out of sight from anyone on the docks.
The Taz ship slowly rounded the harbor before readying the anchor, almost as though they were expecting trouble – playing the role of a reluctant visitor to Venito. Most of the men stayed below decks, only a skeleton crew manned the sails.
The Spirit of Taz raced out from behind an island flying a black pirate flag. Behind it sailed the pirates’ smaller ship, ready to cut off any retreat attempted by the Taz ship.
The pirates on the Spirit of Taz threw out grappling hooks as soon as they came alongside the Taz ship, anxious to pull in their prize. The waiting Taz seamen streamed up onto the deck from their hiding place below. Seeing this, the pirates seemed to have second thoughts and attempted to throw off their grappling hooks but it was too late. The Taz men were already jumping across to board the Spirit of Taz with swords in hand.
Those aboard the second pirate ship came closer to help their brethren pirates when they saw that the fight had turned against them. As the smaller pirate ship left its place at the mouth of the harbor, the entire Taz fleet sailed into the port.
Haddad watched until the small pirate ship was within archery range and signaled to his men to fire the exploding arrows. Muller the Spy lit the fuses and the Taz archers released their deadly weapons.
The five exploding arrows all hit their marks and the small pirate ship exploded into fragments of hull and masts. The men aboard who were not killed outright when the ship exploded, went down with what was left of their ship.
When the pirates aboard the Spirit of Taz saw what had happened to their second ship, they quickly raised their hands in surrender.
Haddad’s men were not inclined to take prisoners.
“Let them swim to shore if they are able,” Physician Rabar said. “That is the choice they proposed for our women and children.”
Haddad nodded and shouted out to the captured pirates, “Leave your weapons and clothes behind. We give you the chance to live if you can make it to shore. If we hear of any more pirate attacks coming out of Venito, we will return. And if we return, we will show no mercy.”
Physician Rabar looked closely at one pirate. “That pirate is wearing the Princess Electra’s cloak,” he told his brother.
The pirate wearing the cloak seemed reluctant to take Haddad’s offer to swim for shore. Perhaps he had never learned how to swim.
“Take off that cloak,” Haddad commanded.
The pirate shrugged off the cloak, his face contorted with rage.
Haddad picked him up by his shirt and through him overboard.
Physician Rabar picked up the cloak and felt along the hem at the bottom of the lining. He smiled. “It is here, just as Father said. “It is the ring the pirates took from Electra. I can feel it through the cloth.”

The Taz seamen redistributed themselves to make a suitable crew to man the newly rescued Spirit of Taz. Haddad took command of their flagship and soon had the ship cleaned and repaired of the pirates’ neglect. That evening they celebrated their victory with extra rations and a raid on the pirates’ cave to make sure there were no more hidden ships.
As they sailed out of Venito’s harbor, Physician Rabar showed Muller the Spy Electra’s cloak and told him the story of their flagship’s capture. “Princess Electra pushed the ring through a hole in the pocket of her cloak so the pirates would not find it, but the pirate leader took a fancy to her cloak. The richness of the cloak was enough to convince the pirate leader that Electra may have been wealthy enough to bring in a ransom. The cloak was pivotal in gaining the captured women and children’s freedom.
Muller was impressed with Electra’s resourcefulness. “I am sure she will be grateful for the return of her ring and her cloak,” he said. “As will King Geoffrey be,” he added with a twinkle in his eyes. “If favors are to be extracted, the moment you return the ring might be a fortuitous time to ask.”
Haddad, who had been listening to his brother’s story, tilted his head in agreement.  “I, for one, am counting on it.  I have decided to bring the whole of the Taz fleet to Fernland, in case King Geoffrey is of a mind to reopen the boat works at full capacity.”

Chapter 42

Kingdom of Fernland

Princess Electra, Dagon, King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and the Caliph sat around the breakfast table going over their options.
“Certainly it is better to have King Gundar as an ally, rather than an enemy, but I think it does set a bad precedent to ignore such an insidious attack. That ruse was akin to blackmail,” King Geoffrey said.
“King Gundar has been pivotal in building Helsop’s prosperity,” Dagon noted. “If he gains possession of the exploding arrows, I doubt his weapons orders will continue on the same scale as before. It will be a loss for Helsop.”
Electra shrugged. “It is likely he is out of gold in any case, and that is why he resorted to such a desperate plan.”
Dagon looked at Electra, nodding his agreement. “I dare say you are correct. I have heard rumors to that effect.”
The Caliph smiled. “Sadly, I have learned that an ally only remains an ally as long as it is in his best interest.”
King Geoffrey tapped his plate with his knife. “Exactly,” he said. “What we must decide is whether or not it is in our best interests to have Sandovia as an ally.”
“Would King Gundar come to your aid if you were attacked by Barburee,” the Caliph asked.
“The Great Khan would not attack Fernland,” Delphinia exclaimed. “Our son travels as a soldier of the Great Khan.”
They all fell silent as they considered the unique position Prince Avor had put them in.
“He does seem to have an important commission to carry out,” Electra mused aloud, remembering what Avor had said in his letter.
King Geoffrey frowned. “I do not see Avor’s friendship with Bataar as an asset to Fernland and I never will. I hope he comes to his senses and leaves that employ soon. But the question of King Gundar as a possible ally remains.”
Dagon held out his hand, his fingers spread wide. “I think it best to share our secret weapon now, in friendship. If we do not it is only a matter of time before Gundar learns of it from another source and then our advantage is lost. He may actually be correct in saying the pirates may turn in this direction. I have experienced one pirate attack and it is not a thing I would wish on a friend.”
“No matter what we decide, I believe Serafina means to sell King Gundar this secret weapon,” Delphinia said.
The others considered this.
“Henge seems to be in a position to sell their white powder,” King Geoffrey said. “They must have a source of it there in Henge.”
Everyone looked at Princess Electra. She jerked back in surprise. “She certainly does not talk to me about Henge’s weapons. I do not know where she gets her white powder. She had something similar to create little explosions when she was making a living as a sorceress. But I think she purchased it from ships coming into port at Lands End.”
“But you did know about the twins’ extraordinary powers, did you not?” King Geoffrey asked in an accusatory voice.
Princess Electra looked down at her folded hands. “Yes, I did.” She raised her eyes in defiance. “But I love the twins. I kept the information to myself in an effort to protect them. It was not an accident that Esme was kidnapped by fanatics. They witnessed her calling powers and decided she was their reincarnated goddess.”
Delphinia looked alarmed. “Why did they not take Shalin as well?”
“Shalin remembered her mother’s instructions not to use her calling powers around strangers,” Electra said, her father’s accusations still rankling. “I suppose it was Esme who slipped and showed her powers to you as well?” She stared at her mother.
“It was both,” Delphinia said, “and it was not a slip. I accepted their powers as normal gifts and did my best to make them comfortable with their gifts.” Delphinia put her hand over Electra’s. “You see, I love the twins as you do. And I believe they have come to love me. I would do nothing to hurt them or to endanger them. I hope you believe me.”
Electra’s smile was one of relief and gratitude. “It warms my heart to hear you say it. I fear for their safety and they have become very precious to me.”
King Geoffrey coughed and broke the mood. “I would caution you both about becoming too attached. These are Prince Blackwell’s children we are talking about, and any new relationship between Fernland and Henge is not a thing to be jumping into for the love of two little girls.”
Dagon drummed his fingers on the table. “Prince Blackwell did seem to be making friendly overtures. Do you suppose there is some hidden agenda behind his new attitude?”
King Geoffrey turned his head to one side and then the other as though he had a stiff neck. “I would guess he is in favor of turning King Gundar’s gold away from Helsop and into Henge’s coffers for a start.”
Dagon nodded. “Blackwell’s actions toward Helsop have always been along those lines.”
Princess Electra waited a few seconds and decided the discussion was at an end. “I hope to spend the day giving out the smallpox paste to Fernland’s residents. Were you able to speak to Physician Rothman last night?”
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia exchanged furtive glances.
Queen Delphinia patted Electra’s hand. “I am afraid Physician Rothman is still not in favor of the plan, my dear.”
“But you could order it,” Electra urged. “The Caliph ordered his men to inoculate themselves after he underwent the treatment himself.” Electra stared pointedly at her father.
King Geoffrey sat up straighter. “I am not in the habit of ordering Fernland’s citizens to undergo experimental procedures. The best we can do is send around a circular citing your arguments in favor and Physician Rothman’s arguments against. We will let each person make up his own mind on the matter.”
Electra frowned. “And what have you and Mother decided after hearing both arguments?”
“I find this to be a crucial time for Fernland,” King Geoffrey said. “I do not think it wise for me to be even slightly impaired by fever until this business with Henge and King Gundar is settled.”
Queen Delphinia hesitated. “I hate to go against Physician Rothman’s advice. After all, it is what he is hired to give.”
Princess Electra’s eyes narrowed in anger.
“But, in this case, I will,” Delphinia continued. “I trust your opinion.”
Princess Electra’s face brightened. “You will not be sorry,” she promised.

Chapter 43

King’s Lake in Fernland

Electra found Laleh at the lunch room set up for the Taz workers at King’s Lake. They hugged one another and settled in to catch up on one another’s news.
“It is a great source of worry to Grandfather that we have no ship to make trips back to Taz,” Laleh said.
Laleh was the Caliph’s granddaughter. Her father, Haddad the Shipbuilder, had gone with the Taz fleet to China and neither she nor the Caliph had any idea when the fleet would return from that long voyage – or even if they would return.
Electra shared Laleh’s worries. She wondered what Muller the Spy would do when he arrived in Taz, only to find that there was no ship there to take him on to Fernland.
“Muller the Spy was hoping to bring his white powder back to Fernland on one of Taz’s ships. He has been gone so long he did not know the Great Khan sent the whole fleet to China,” Electra said.
Laleh shook her head slowly. “We knew it meant trouble for us when the Great Khan invited us to live in Taz and build ships for him. He treats anyone connected to him as his own property.”
“Your father is a resourceful man. I am sure he will find a way to bring the fleet back safely,” Electra said in a soothing voice. She looked out at the lake, where no ships were currently moored. “As soon as the Prince Avor returns, you might borrow it to make a trip to check on things in Taz.”
“Grandfather would never ask such a favor. He does not want us to be seen as a burden in King Geoffrey’s eyes.”
Electra nodded. “I understand. But my parents are also desperate for any news of my brother, Prince Avor. Such news might be found in Taz.”
Laleh tilted her head, considering this approach. “There might be an opportunity in that.”
Electra shrugged, eager to change the subject to her hopes for inoculating Fernland’s citizens. “I do not want to interfere with your duties here, but I could use your help if you are free of patients for a time.”
Laleh laughed. “I suspected as much. As it happens, everyone here at King’s Lake seems to be in good health. What help do you need?”
“I must go door to door arguing my case for use of the smallpox paste. Even worse, I must tell each person that the King’s own physician is not in favor of the idea. He finds it too much of a risk since there is usually a slight reaction involved in its use. I thought you might vouch for its success among the Taz workers and your endorsement might sway them in favor of my stance.”
“Your father insisted on this?” Laleh appeared surprised.
Electra took a deep breath that resembled a sigh. “Yes, both my mother and father, though my mother reluctantly agreed to try it on herself. Their faith in my opinions as a physician is far from absolute.”
Laleh dipped her chin in a gesture of understanding. “Family is always reluctant to believe. I will be happy to accompany you.”

Electra and Laleh rode back to the castle to begin their campaign for use of the smallpox paste.
“We may as well begin with Angelica,” Electra said. “She lives close by. I owe her a visit anyway. We have heard from her husband and I doubt my father has bothered to inform her.”
Electra and Laleh left their horses at the stables and crossed the short distance to Muller and Angelica’s cottage.

Angelica opened the door and her face broke into a big smile. “Electra! It has been so long since I have had a visitor! Please come in.”
Electra hugged her old friend from the gypsy camp. “This is Laleh,” Electra said, standing aside to make the introduction.  “She was a student of mine and is now in charge of the medical needs of the Taz workers down at King’s Lake.”
Angelica pulled Laleh inside and hugged her as well. “You are both so welcome.” A little boy appeared in the doorway from the bedroom.
“This cannot be Nicu,” Electra exclaimed. “Already walking?”
Angelica laughed. “I told you it had been too long since you last visited. Not only is he walking, he has even said a few words.” She turned to her son and knelt down to his level. “Nicu, come and say hello to Electra. She was the first person to meet you as you came into this world.”
The little boy turned his big brown eyes toward Electra. He was a very handsome child, with a bronze complexion and curly black hair. Electra hid her face behind her hands, then said, “Where am I?”
Nicu laughed and imitated her actions.
“You are delightful, Nicu,” Electra said. She looked at Angelica and tapped her head with the heel of her hand. “I should have brought him a present.”
Angelica waved her hand in an upward motion. “My father spoils him enough as it is. He is always bringing him some feather or flower or teaching him to sing and dance.”
Electra’s face turned cautious. “Has Shandor changed his habits?” Even though she chose not to mention his drinking problem in Laleh’s presence, Angelica would know what she meant.
Angelica shook her head. “No, he still has a weakness for wine, but he knows if he shows up too drunk I will ask him to leave. Nicu adores him so I am reluctant to be too stringent. That may change when Muller finally returns.”
“That is one of the reasons I am here,” Electra said. “There has been a message from Muller.”
Angelica’s hands flew to her face. “Truly? What does he say?” Her body stiffened with suspense.
“Perhaps we should sit down,” Electra said.
Angelica grew pale.
“No, no, it is not bad news,” Electra quickly added. “He is headed home.”
Angelica sat down. “It has been so long. I had begun to fear…” She did not finish her thought.
Electra and Laleh sat down on opposite sides of the fireplace. “His message was sent to King Geoffrey. He said he was leaving China on a ship. He plans to sail to a place called Pala. From there he will continue overland to Taz, where he hopes to find passage on a ship bound for Fernland. Of course the message was sent some time ago.”
“Have you any idea when he will arrive?” Angelica asked.
“No, I do not know the distances involved, but the important thing is, he is on his way. His mission has been accomplished.”
“He has the, ah, cargo he sought?” 
Electra smiled. She knew Angelica was afraid to say anything about the exploding powder in Laleh’s presence. “Yes, I am sure King Geoffrey will be very grateful.”
Angelica scooped Nicu onto her lap. “Your papa is coming home, my love,” she said, kissing his cheeks until he squirmed to be set back down. “You said that was one of the reasons you came to visit. What was the other?”
Electra pulled the jar of smallpox paste from her medicine bag. “I hope to inoculate you and Nicu from contracting smallpox by giving you each a bit of this paste to smear inside your nostrils, but first I am required to tell you Physician Rothman’s reservations. Laleh is here to vouch for the safety of the treatment among the Taz workmen.”
Angelica looked at Electra with apprehension and pulled Nicu closer as she sat back to listen.

Chapter 44

King’s Lake in Fernland

Back at King’s Lake after several days going door to door in Fernland, Electra and Laleh counted the records of those who had agreed to use the immunizing salve treatment. The numbers were low. Only a small percentage of Fernlanders had accepted Electra’s arguments and no wonder, given the constraints she was forced to work under. Even Angelica, who had trusted her to be midwife when Nicu was born, had refused the salve. She argued that if she became sick from the salve, there was no one to care for Nicu. Electra told her she would care for Nicu, but Angelica said she would prefer to wait for her husband’s return.
Electra closed the book of patient names and glanced at Laleh who was laying out strips of cloth for bandages. “I believe we have done all we can. The Fernland people do not know me well. They prefer to put their trust in Physician Rothman and who can blame them? My own father has refused treatment.”
Laleh looked up from her work. “They will change their minds if the pox shows its face here,” she said.
Electra sighed. “I will leave a good supply of the paste for you. They have been told to come to you if they change their minds.”
“Thank you for treating all of us here at King’s Lake,” Laleh said.
Electra shrugged. “Your grandfather knows I was taught all I know by his own son, Physician Rabar.”
Laleh smiled. “My Uncle Rabar says he learned as much from you as you did from him.”
“He is only being kind to say so.”
Laleh stood up. “Would you like some tea?”
“I would.” Electra put her book of patient names in her medicine bag. “I suppose Dagon and I will be leaving soon. He is anxious to return to Helsop and I have done all I can do here for the time being.”
“I will miss you,” Laleh said. “I miss the other students at the School of Medicine, too. I hope someday to return for a time. I know there is more I could learn.”
“We would be happy to have you back. Do you think your father would allow it?”
Laleh took a moment to gather her thoughts. “I feel as though the decision would be mine to make, now he is gone these many months to China.” She sighed as she looked out the window to the lake. “I confess it would bring me great joy to hear his dictates once more.”
Electra patted Laleh’s hand. “Do not give up hope. Your Father, Haddad, is a capable man. I am sure he will return, likely more dictatorial than ever.”
Laleh laughed and dropped tea leaves into a pot.

As Electra left the shipbuilders’ settlement, she saw the Pride of Manoa entering King’s Lake. It was unusual to see this ship return so soon. Usually the Pride of Manoa stopped at Fernland on its way to Henge which was its most northern port of call. Then it turned south, but frequently bypassed King’s Lake on its return voyage to Manoa. She continued watching as the ship anchored offshore.
A few passengers stood at the railing, looking out at the settlement on the shores of King’s Lake. One of the passengers hoisted up a small child to see over the rail. Then a second child was lifted up. Electra shaded her eyes to see better. There was no doubt. She waved to Serafina, Esme and Shalin. They recognized her. They began waving back with enthusiasm.
Electra waited onshore until the shore boat arrived with her foster mother and sisters. She splashed into the water to lift Shalin from the small boat. Serafina, holding Esme, stepped out and they all hugged one another, soaking their shoes and the hems of their skirts.
“I am so happy and surprised to see you all again so soon. I expected you would be busy dealing with your pirate attack for some time,” Electra said. Then she was struck by a thought. “Why did you not return in the Prince Avor?” She hoped the ship named for her brother had not come to harm.
“I must go on to Manoa. Another matter has come up,” Serafina said in that vague manner that was usually a sign indicating further questions would not be appreciated.
“You must come to the cottage while the ship is in port,” Electra said. “Is all well in Henge?”
Serafina pursed her lips. “My father-in-law is not happy. He would have preferred a swift and bloody resolution to the faux pirate raid. But Prince Blackwell has his own reasons for placating King Gundar.”
Electra guessed that Prince Blackwell would prefer King Gundar’s gold find its way into Henge’s coffers rather than Helsop’s, but she kept that observation to herself. “I have stayed on here trying to give the immunizing salve to the citizens of Fernland, but for the most part they have declined to accept it. It is good you arrived today as I plan to return to Helsop tomorrow.”
Serafina arched an eyebrow. “Would you like some company in Helsop for a time?”
Electra tilted her head, confused. Serafina had just told her they were on their way to Manoa. Then she looked down at the faces of the twins. “You mean Esme and Shalin?”
“Yes, I thought to take them with me rather than leave them in Henge, but since you are here…, it would make my business in Manoa easier were I to go alone.”
“I would love a visit with Esme and Shalin.” She knelt down at the twins’ level. “Would you girls like to go with me to Helsop? I know Little Dagon would be so happy to see you both.”
Esme and Shalin looked at one another and grinned. Little Dagon, Dagon’s nephew, was their best friend. They both nodded.
“Wonderful,” Electra said. “Have you brought Ebony the Panther and the wolves?”
“Yes, they are on board,” Serafina said. “Let me go and tell the oarsman to bring them ashore.” Serafina paused. “On second thought, perhaps I will go back to the ship with him to retrieve them. We do not want an incident on the Pride of Manoa.”
Electra wondered what sort of incident Serafina anticipated, but knowing how protective the animals were, she deemed it more politic not to ask.
“We will wait for you at the cottage,” Electra said, taking each of the twins by the hand.

Chapter 45

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra and the twins waved goodbye to Serafina as the Pride of Manoa sailed out of King’s Lake. The captain had stopped here at Serafina’s request and was anxious to make up lost time.
“Would you like to pay a visit to your Aunt Delphinia and see her castle?” Electra asked the twins.
“Yes,” they both said. They began to rummage through the bag of clothes Serafina had hastily flung onshore.
“What are you looking for?” Electra asked.
Both little girls looked up with sad faces. Shalin put the word in Electra’s mind as Esme said it out loud. “Dolls.”
“Did your mother forget?” Electra said, realizing she should have said “our” mother. This was going to be difficult. She needed to refer to Delphinia as an aunt and remember that she was supposed to be their sister, not their cousin.
Esme and Shalin both nodded. Electra hoped the girls had not become so attached to their dolls that they would have trouble sleeping without them. She remembered the nursery Delphinia had shown her. It had been her own nursery, where she had been abducted as an infant almost 20 years ago. There had been dolls there, and a dollhouse, likely never used.
“I believe your Aunt Delphinia has some dolls. Perhaps you would like to play with them?”
The two little faces brightened.
“If we leave now, we will be in time for lunch. Aunt Delphinia almost always has something good for lunch.”
The three, along with the two wolves and Ebony the Panther, set off for Fernland’s castle.

Queen Delphinia clapped her hands together, surprised and delighted with her visitors. “How have the twins come to be here?” She kneeled to gather them both into her arms.
“Serafina came into King’s Lake on the Pride of Manoa. They made an unscheduled stop at her request. She asked if I might watch them while she journeys to Manoa.”
“But we have all just returned from Manoa,” Delphinia said.
“I know. Her reasons for going were not given. I will take the twins back to Helsop with me and she will collect them from me when she returns.”
Delphinia’s face fell. “You are not thinking of leaving soon, are you?”
Electra shrugged. “I have done all I can here. Not many were agreeable to using the paste I brought to make them immune to smallpox.”
“But we could have so much fun together here in Fernland.” Delphinia patted the twins’ heads with a fondness that bordered on desperation. “We could make more doll clothes.”
“Ah,” Electra said, “I wondered why they were so distraught at finding their dolls missing from their luggage. You have made doll clothes together before?”
“We had such nice afternoons together in Manoa, drinking tea and designing clothes,” Delphinia said. “But if your dolls have gone missing we will have to go to the market to buy new ones.”
“I thought perhaps they might play with those I saw in my, I mean, the castle’s nursery,” Electra said.
Delphinia shook her head. “No, they must have new ones and they will be presents from me, so they will not forget their Aunt Delphinia. We will go after lunch.”

King Geoffrey and Dagon were already waiting in the Royal Family’s dining room when Delphinia, Electra and the twins arrived. Electra could tell something was amiss as soon as she entered the room. Dagon sat staring straight ahead with a stunned look on his face.
“Has something happened?” Electra asked. “News from Helsop?”
Dagon managed to compose his features. “No, nothing at all.” He managed a smile, then looked curiously at the twins. “Serafina is here?”
King Geoffrey looked alarmed. “What has happened?” he demanded, echoing Electra’s question.
“Nothing of concern,” Delphinia said. “Serafina is returning to Manoa for some reason and has left the twins in Electra’s care.”
“Is her return something to do with the pirate attack on Henge?” King Geoffrey’s body tensed in anticipation. 
“We do not know,” Electra said. “She only said a matter has come up. It was evident she did not wish to say more.” Electra turned her attention back to Dagon, wondering what had left him in such a state of shock.
Dagon assumed a casual air. “Your father has asked if we might delay our departure to Helsop for a bit,” he said.
Delphinia seemed delighted. Electra felt apprehensive.
“Why,” Electra asked.
Dagon turned to King Geoffrey. He appeared to be deferring to the king for an explanation. 
King Geoffrey cleared his throat. “It occurred to me on our trip to Manoa that your mother and I do rather less in the way of travel than other monarchs.”
Electra blanched a little and hoped the twins did not realize who King Geoffrey was speaking to when he said “your mother”.
King Geoffrey continued, likely unaware of any slip of the tongue. “We may need to cultivate stronger ties with some of our neighboring kingdoms now that the threat of Barburee has become a concern. With Avor gone I have no one to leave in charge when I am absent from Fernland. I thought I might school Dagon here in some of my duties, should I have need of a substitute to rule in my stead for short periods of time.”
Electra felt a little miffed that her father had not even considered his daughter as a temporary replacement, but quickly put that thought aside. She certainly did not want the job in any case. She wondered if Dagon felt flattered or appalled. The only expression she recognized on his face was shock.
Electra kept her expression neutral and looked at her husband. “And shall we stay then?”
Dagon seemed incapable of speech. Luckily, a servant entered with their lunch at that moment.
Delphinia waved the servant in. “What an inspired idea. Of course you must all stay. I have so many ideas for wonderful activities we might share with Esme and Shalin. We will begin this very day with a trip to the market for dolls and fabrics. I know so many games we might play.” She looked at Dagon and King Geoffrey. “You two go about the business of holding court. Electra and I will fill our days with entertaining our young visitors.” She leveled an adoring glance at Shalin and Esme.

Chapter 46

Kingdom of Fernland

Esme and Shalin were delighted with their new dolls which had actual faces, carved from wood. As they played with the newly outfitted dolls on Electra’s bed, the two wolves paced the floor, sniffing the air and nudging the door with their noses.
Electra watched the two wolves with empathy. She, too, was eager to find a reason to escape the castle’s confines and walk into the forest. She wanted to check on some of the areas she knew to harbor several of the plants she needed to replenish her supplies. Fernland had a warmer, wetter climate and a wider array of flora than Helsop, which sat high on a plateau to the North. She wondered what sort of excuse might be deemed acceptable to Delphinia.
Delphinia picked that moment to open the door to Electra’s bedroom. The two wolves rushed through the door as soon as it was open.
Delphinia held onto the door to keep from being bowled over.
“What has gotten into those wolves? she said, startled.
“I believe they are longing for a walk in the forest,” Electra said.
Esme and Shalin perked up at Electra’s words.
“May we go?” Shalin asked.
“We should go,” Esme added.
Electra said nothing, but looked hopefully at her mother.
“I do not know,” Delphinia said. “That sounds a dangerous idea.”
“We could ask for an escort,” Electra suggested.
“Yes, I suppose we might. But I have a special lunch planned.” Delphinia saw the disappointed faces of the twins.
“Perhaps we could pack it up as the picnic,” Electra suggested. She knew her mother did not like to disappoint the twins. Since the gift of their dolls, they had looked up to her as their hero.
Delphinia sighed. “A picnic? That does sound a treat. We could take a few servants and a few guards along. Yes, I believe a picnic would be just the thing for this sunny day.”
Esme hugged her wolves. Everyone rushed to and fro, changing into hiking clothes and making preparations for the picnic outing.

It was not the quiet expedition Electra had hoped for, but they were, at least, out of the castle and walking in the forest. The wolves and Ebony were leashed at Queen Delphinia’s insistence. Two royal guardsmen led the way and two packhorses followed with their lunch and all the cutlery, blankets and accoutrements that Queen Delphinia thought necessary. Three servants brought up the rear.
Electra pointed out various herbs along the path and told her mother and the twins what they were used for. Her audience listened politely but showed little real interest.
The wolves strained at their leashes and were handed over to the guards for safekeeping. The wolves were fully grown now, both males, both strong and large from plentiful food. They seemed eager to explore on their own and the guards were hard pressed to keep hold of their leashes.
They found a sunny clearing for their picnic spot and the servants who had come along began to spread out blankets and plates. Esme and Shalin played near a stream, throwing rocks into the water.
“May we throw sticks for the wolves?” Esme asked.
Electra looked at Delphinia. “I think it would be good for the wolves to chase some sticks,” she said. “They seem to have an excess of energy.”
Delphinia shrugged. “Whatever you think best. I do not pretend to know much about the care of wolves.”
Electra unhooked the leashes from their collars and threw out sticks for them to retrieve. They both leapt to a running start and returned quickly, dropping the sticks at Electra’s feet. Electra handed the sticks to the twins and they both threw them across the stream. The wolves dashed through the shallow water to retrieve them.
Electra and Delphinia turned their attention to preparations for the picnic.
“I had Chef Christo prepare some cakes for dessert as a special treat for the twins,” Delphinia whispered in Electra’s ear. “And I brought along a child’s tea set so that they could invite their new dolls for lunch.”
“The twins will not want to leave Fernland when the time comes,” Electra stated. “I am sure no one has ever pampered them as you do.”
Delphinia smiled. “I do so enjoy having children to pamper once again. Do you think Serafina might allow them to visit me?”
“I think she might. She seems reluctant to leave them in their father’s care.” Electra realized too late she should never have made such a comment.
“Oh? And why do you suppose that is?” Delphinia was quick to ask.
Electra was saved from answering by the shout of a palace guardsman.
Electra and Delphinia turned to find the twins running across the dry gravel of the stream bed. The stream had somehow become blocked by two large boulders and a space in between where water had ceased to flow. The obstructed water was quickly rising up behind the boulders and threatening to overflow the banks of the stream.
Electra ran to follow the stunned guardsmen across the dry stream bed. Delphinia ordered the servants to pick up the picnic before the rising water began to flood into the clearing. Then she ran after Electra.

Electra caught up to the twins at the bottom of the low hill. They all watched as the two wolves ran up the hill to join a lone wolf near the summit. The solitary wolf looked thin and shabby. Electra guessed it was a female, due to its smaller size. She must have lost the others of her wolf pack somehow.
The twins had stopped chasing the wolves.
“They promise they will come back,” Esme said. She seemed sad to see them go and looked as though she might be considering joining them.
“They want to stay with this hungry wolf for a while?” Electra asked in a gentle voice.
Both twins nodded. Electra knew they could communicate with the animals through pictures in their minds.
“The other wolf needs them,” Shalin said, as though that settled the question.
Electra noticed a palace guardsman raising his bow and arrow in the wolves’ direction.
“No,” she shouted.
He turned to her. “That one is a wild wolf,” he said.
“It is all right. Let her be,” Electra ordered.
The guardsman eyed the twins with a suspicious expression. “How did they stop the stream flowing?” he asked.
“The wolves must have dislodged some boulders,” Electra said. She quickly ushered the twins away in the direction of the stream. “Take away the imaginary boulder as quickly as you can,” she whispered to Shalin. “It is best if the soldiers do not know of your powers with water. We do not want them asking you for favors.”
Delphinia seemed too overwrought by all that had happened to try to analyze it. She hugged the twins tightly and had to wipe away tears with her handkerchief. “I was so worried you might come to harm,” she said between sniffles.

Chapter 47

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey and Dagon walked together to the throne room for his first lesson as a royal intern.
“Meetings all day, today,” King Geoffrey grumbled.
Dagon did not know what to expect from this brief apprenticeship on the duties of a king. As Headman of Helsop he was commander of the militia. That job would likely fall to the Captain of the Palace Guard here in Fernland, although King Geoffrey was titular commander-in-chief of the Guard here in Fernland as well.
“Who are you meeting with?” Dagon asked.
“First groups are farmers and herders; always a competition for land rights with those two groups.”
Dagon nodded. There were neither farmers nor sheepherders in Helsop. He did not feel qualified to offer an opinion on their concerns.

The petitioners waited at the base of the throne. King Geoffrey took his seat on the throne and gestured for Dagon to sit beside him on the smaller throne where Prince Avor had oft times sat.
“I am sure you all know my son-in-law, Headman Dagon of Helsop,” King Geoffrey began. “He will sit in for me at times when I am called away from Fernland – until Prince Avor returns from his sojourn in the East.”
This comment caused a buzz of whispers among those gathered to plead their cases.
King Geoffrey brought down his staff with a thump and the room grew quiet. He nodded to his chamberlain who unrolled a scroll and began to read.
“Squire Roland contends that fields devoted to farming which have been left fallow to regenerate are being invaded by grazing herds which do not have rights to the land.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “And the response of the herders?” He looked at his chamberlain.
“Speaking for the herdsmen, the Honorable Herder Dempsey says his herds have been subject to attacks by wolves of late and as a result, his sheep have refused to graze on the rolling hills that is their usual grazing area.”

King Geoffrey looked at Dagon. “Have you a suggestion as to how this dispute might be settled?” He seemed to be asking as a courtesy, not really expecting an opinion.
Dagon was surprised to realize he did have an opinion. “I have noticed an increase in the number of wolves as well,” he said. “I believe you may have a poaching problem. Usually the number of deer in the forests keep the wolf population in balance. You might consider increasing fines for poaching deer in Fernland’s forests.”
King Geoffrey could not hide his surprise. “You keep track of my wolf population?”
Dagon laughed. “I was actually the intended meal of an emaciated wolf pack last winter.”
King Geoffrey turned back to the farmers and herders gathered at the foot of his throne. “The fines for poaching deer in the King’s forest are hereby doubled. Anyone caught taking a deer without permission will be sent to the dungeon forthwith.”
The farmers and herders gathered there let out a small gasp. Several of the farmers tried to hide guilty expressions and quickly exited the throne room.

The next person to approach the throne was the King’s reeve.
“This is Scully the Reeve,” King Geoffrey said to Dagon. “He is in charge of the King’s staff.” He looked at his reeve with a friendly expression. “What have you to report Reeve Scully?”
“Your staff is happy to have your Majesty back in Fernland,” Reeve Scully said with a bow. “Mack the Candle Maker has requested to give over his position to his son James who has been his apprentice these many years.”
“Has Mack taken ill?” King Geoffrey asked.
“He has suffered a stroke. He is still able to do a bit of work, but feels he cannot do the heavy work.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “Permission granted. We welcome James, son of Mack the Candle Maker, to our staff,” King Geoffrey said.
Reeve Scully rolled on down his scroll. “Our bottler, Simon, declares his last shipment of bottles arrived broken in their crates. He will not have enough bottles to preserve the wine at harvest time if he does not order a new shipment forthwith.”
“Who was responsible for the broken bottles?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Simon does not know. The ship’s captain claims they must have been broken before they came aboard, but the bottle maker at Lands End claims the bottles were fine when they were loaded aboard.”
King Geoffrey looked at Dagon for an opinion.
Dagon shrugged.
King Geoffrey pursed his lips while he considered his judgment. “Have the crates of broken bottles returned to Lands End. Send a message to the bottle maker saying we hold him responsible for improper crating. If he wants to take his dispute to court to hold the ship’s captain responsible, that is his right. Tell him we expect the bottles to be replaced. If not, we will employ another bottle maker. We will need his answer on receipt of this message.”
Dagon looked at the long line of petitioners outside the door of the throne room as Simon the Bottler left. He stifled a yawn.

Two hours later, the last of the petitioners left the throne room. King Geoffrey stood up and stretched his back.
“I expected a bigger crowd than this after being gone so long in Manoa,” King Geoffrey said. “What did you think of your first day at court?”
Dagon cranked his head back and forth realizing his neck was stiff from sitting at attention so long.
“I felt out of my depth. I have some experience at negotiating but none at passing judgments.”
“But you are a headman. Surely you must pass judgments from time to time.”
“I give orders. That is different. We in Helsop have so little in the way of goods, there is not much to argue over.” He smiled at his little joke, but King Geoffrey did not.
“Next up is a meet with the Captain of the Palace Guard. That should be more in line with your usual duties,” King Geoffrey said with some enthusiasm.
Dagon stiffened a bit. He hoped the Captain of the Guard would not turn out to be one of the men he had taken prisoner when he burned the bridge over Kings River a few years back. He wished Prince Avor might soon decide to return to Fernland and reclaim his small throne.

Chapter 48

Takla Desert

Prince Avor and his band of two hundred rode along a portion of the Silk Road that was comprised mostly of high desert. Water was scarce between oases and the temperature dropped precipitously as soon as the sun set.
They slowed as they approached an oasis that appeared to be unoccupied. It was only mid-day, but Avor signaled a halt. He would camp here for a day or two to allow the horses time to graze and rest.
The men began setting up their yurts and Avor set out to explore the campsite. He led his horse to the spring-fed pond nestled into a grove of aspen trees. Some movement in a tree caught his eye and he dropped the reins of his horse to move through the shrubbery surrounding the tree.
He heard a sharp intake of breath coming from the leaves of the tree.
 “Come down, I know you are there,” Avor ordered in the Barburee tongue.
He saw a small face emerge among the leaves. It looked to be a boy, perhaps twelve years of age. He could have been of Barburee descent but looked more likely to be Chinese.
The boy spoke to him in a language he could not understand.
Avor gestured for the boy to come down from the tree.
The boy shimmied down the tree trunk and stood before him with lowered eyes.
Avor took the boy’s arm and led him back to the edge of the pond where more of his men were gathering to water their horses.
“Does anyone speak Chinese?” Avor asked in the Barburee tongue.
The men looked at the boy with interest, but only one came forward. He spoke to the boy in a foreign tongue but the boy spoke a dialect that was unknown to him.
“Find Ansolve,” Avor ordered the soldier. “Bring him here.”
A few minutes later his friend, Ansolve, came running. “You sent for me?” he said.
“I found this boy hiding in a tree. Can you speak his tongue?”
Ansolve tried several Chinese dialects and finally the boy smiled with excitement and began to speak in a rush of words.
After a few minutes, Avor interrupted and asked Ansolve what the boy was saying.
“He is from a province in the south of China,” Ansolve began. “He and his father joined a caravan several weeks ago because they were all cloth merchants. It was his father’s first time on the Silk Road and he wanted the others to show him the best markets for his goods.”
“What happened to his father?” Avor said, looking around.
“All were killed,” Ansolve said. “Two days ago bandits attacked and took everything – their goods, their camels, their supplies. He says he buried his father and the others in the soft sand because he had nothing left to dig their graves with. He would like to make better graves for them.”
Avor looked at the boy who stood stoically before him, staring out at a sand dune nearby.
“How old is he?” Avor asked.
Ansolve spoke a few words to the boy, then turned to Avor. “He is fourteen. He is small for his age. He says the bandits did not find him because his father told him to hide in the tree. He is ashamed that he did not die with his father.”
Avor said, “Tell him there is no shame in following a father’s orders,” realizing as he said the words that he was hardly following his own father’s orders. “Tell him we will find the bandits and restore his father’s goods to him.”
The boy looked up hopefully as Avor’s words were translated, then hung his head as he murmured a reply.
“He says he no longer has a caravan to travel with. He says he will stay here and await death.”
“He will travel with us until we find another caravan to take charge of him,” Avor said. “Ask him which direction the bandits went.”
“He says they went south, but there were many – perhaps fifty.”

Avor called a meeting of ten of his unit leaders. They ate lunch together outside Avor’s yurt. Avor pointed south as he spoke. “We will go out this afternoon with trackers to see if we can pick up a trail,” Avor said. “I mean to wipe clean this band of thieves. The cloth and camels we take from them will go to those who hunt them down with the exception of the goods that belonged to the boy’s father. Those goods will be restored to the boy. Any questions?” Avor ended.
His soldiers no doubt questioned his order that the boy’s goods be restored to him, but no one spoke up. They all seemed eager for a fight. They had been training every day for an hour or more and were now accustomed to obeying Avor’s orders.

After lunch Avor rode out with a few scouts and once they were past the soft sand that did not hold tracks well in the face of strong winds, they picked up the trail easily. They returned to camp to pack what supplies they needed for a few days. The bandits had a two days’ start, but likely made their camp not far from the heavily traveled Silk Road.

The next morning Avor and one hundred of his escort left at sunrise, quickly taking up the trail of the thieves. By evening, they spotted the thieves’ hideaway.
The tracks led to a line of weathered hills, cut by sandstorms to grotesque shapes. They debated whether to wait until morning to attack and decided against it. The darkness might favor the bandits, who knew the area and its hiding places, but since they were outnumbered two to one, the bandits stood little chance of prevailing.
Avor and his men advanced slowly, hidden by the long shadows of the skeletal hills.

Camp fires were already throwing off the aroma of cooked meat when the Barburee soldiers galloped into the bandits’ encampment. If the thieves had posted a lookout, that lookout had failed in his duties. The bandits were taken by surprise and those few who managed to draw their bows were quickly dispatched.
A few bandits tried to surrender but the Barburee soldiers were not of a mind to take prisoners. When the bandits were disposed of, the soldiers set about dividing their amassed wealth and found enough to make for a hearty victory celebration.
Avor could see that his soldiers now held him in high regard and he began to wonder if he had, in fact, become a true Barburee commander. He clung to his one aberration—that of returning the boy’s goods to him. He ordered that all bolts of cloth be collected for review by the Chinese boy who waited back at the oasis and hoped that this bit of mercy separated him somewhat from his soldiers.

Chapter 49

Port at Lands End

Serafina looked out at Lands End as the Pride of Manoa maneuvered its way to the dock. She noticed something familiar in the posture of a man who slouched near a piling close to the pier. When he looked up, his thin face grew hopeful, watching intently, as the Pride of Manoa closed on the dock. She was sure the slouching man was Sloan, the very man she was hunting.
It was doubtful that Sloan had the coin necessary for passage south to Manoa. He looked as though he might be starving. He likely hoped to work his way from here back home to Manoa. She considered her options. Perhaps it would not be necessary to kill the man.
Seamen leapt from the ship to the dock, eager to tie up and begin the work of loading and unloading. If the captain saw fit, he might allow a half day’s shore leave for his crew. Serafina watched with interest as Sloan stepped forward to welcome some of the crew. Evidently he was friends with some of the men aboard ship. She quickly revised her plan to take this into account.
Standing at the ship’s rail, she watched a scenario unfold just as she expected it would. Two of the Pride of Manoa’s crew approached the captain with their friend, Sloan, in tow. A conversation took place and the captain nodded his assent as the two seamen slapped Sloan on the back in a welcoming gesture.
Serafina strolled in the direction of the gathered men. As she passed by, the captain doffed his hat and made a slight bow. “Your Highness Princess Serafina, good day. Will you be going ashore?”
“I thought I might check the offerings at the market.” She paused and looked in Sloan’s direction. “I might need a man to carry a few purchases if you have one to spare.”
The captain lifted his head to follow her gaze. “You may take our new man, freshly hired, if you like.” 
Sloan’s jaw had dropped at hearing the words “Princess Serafina.” His head whipped around sharply and he stared at Serafina for an instant before bowing in her direction.  “My pleasure,” he said.
Serafina smiled at the man as though meeting him for the first time. She was confident he would not recognize her as the old grey-haired woman who had enticed him to Henge with the promise of a better position.  “I shall be glad of your assistance,” she said. “Shall we disembark then?”
Sloan nodded and followed her down the gangplank.
“What is your name,” Serafina asked.
“I am called Sloan,” he said.
Serafina stopped short. “But surely you are not the same Sloan who poisoned my Aunt Serafina?”
“What? Never!” Sloan said, turning pale.
“Were you recently set free from the dungeon in Henge?” Serafina asked, pretending a suspicious countenance.
“I… I was wrongfully imprisoned there, yes. But I did not poison your aunt. Are you telling me she is dead?”
“Of course she is dead. She returned home from Manoa to help with my children and no sooner had she arrived than she fell to the floor, gasping for breath. She managed to say only one word and that word was “Sloan.”
“But, that explains it, do you not see? She was about to show me to my new quarters. She brought me from Manoa to oversee her fertilizer distribution. She must have had a heart attack. Her last thought was for my welfare.” Sloan paused as he considered how this might have happened. “I tried to tell the soldiers I did not belong in the dungeon. No one would believe me.”
Serafina regarded Sloan with pretended suspicion. “If what you say is true we may have done you an injustice. But my aunt was very dear to me. I was named for her. You say you worked for her. I will defer judgment until we reach Manoa. There I will be able to confirm your story as truth or lie. I have recently made the acquaintance of Rose and Tristan of White Cliffs Island. They will be able to confirm or deny what you say.”
“But this is welcome news. Rose and Tristan know the truth of it. Your aunt was very dear to me as well. We spent many happy days fishing near White Cliffs Island. And she trusted me with the mining of the guano.” He did not add that he abused that trust and let greed lead him astray. “I am very sorry that she no longer lives.”
“We shall see,” Serafina said. “In the meantime I will not place my trust in you. You may return to your duties aboard ship. I will hire another if I have need of help ashore.”
“I understand,” Sloan said. “I look forward to clearing my good name as soon as possible.”
“What is the job you were promised?” Serafina asked.
“I was to manage the whole of your aunt’s fertilizer distribution,” he said. “She sought to enlarge her operation.”
Serafina nodded. “I am afraid, even if your name is cleared, I will not be able to duplicate her offer. I have not the time to devote to such an enterprise as she envisioned.”
Sloan put his hands up in a mock surrender. “Do not give the matter of moment’s thought. I have decided I am not fitted for such a climate as Henge offers. I have signed aboard the Pride of Manoa as a seaman and will honor that employment for the foreseeable future.”
“As you will then, but I shall ask that you be held aboard ship until your story can be verified,” Serafina said.
Sloan nodded and quickly hurried back to begin his duties aboard ship.

Serafina browsed through the shops clustered close to the docks and purchased two books to add to her collection. One was a book of herbal remedies that she thought she might give to Electra for her birthday and the other a book of astrological science. She had some regrets about allowing Sloan his freedom but thought he might be useful in establishing her rights to White Cliffs’ guano beds as the elder Serafina’s beneficiary.
When the ship’s horn blasted out the call for ‘all aboard’, Serafina strolled back to the Pride of Manoa and up the gangplank with the other passengers. Sloan was nowhere in sight as she descended below decks to find a porter and order a meal brought to her cabin. Within minutes the ship was underway.

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Manoa

Two weeks later, after disembarking in Manoa, Serafina walked up the hill to the inn where she had stayed several times previously, disguised as an old woman. Now, as Princess Serafina of Henge, she entered the inn as a stranger. Rollo, the Innkeeper, looked up from his place beside the board of keys and smiled.
“Welcome,” he said. “Are you here for a room or a lunch or both?”
“A room, I believe,” Serafina said, looking around as though the inn were new to her. “My Aunt Serafina said she always stayed here when she visited Manoa.”
“Your aunt is Serafina?” The innkeeper’s smile grew more genuine. “I know her well. Has she come with you?”
“No, I am sorry to say she has died.”
The innkeeper’s face fell into an expression of sincere sorrow. “She was a kind and generous lady. I always looked forward to her visits. Liked to fish, she did, and was right good at it too. Many an evening we shared her catch of the day.”
“It makes me miss her all the more to hear such stories. I am her namesake – Princess Serafina of Henge.” Serafina held out her hand for a handshake.
The innkeeper touched her hand, but drew back in an awkward bow. “Princess Serafina? I never knew your aunt was a Royal.”
Serafina smiled. “She did not think of herself as one. She preferred to live life without titles and I respected her all the more for it.”
“Are you sure you want to stay here?” The innkeeper asked. “I know you would be welcome to stay at the castle, even though our Queen Shana has passed. Our new Queen-to-be from Sandovia is staying until the wedding and she has taken over the hostess duties.”
“Yes, of course, Princess Elka. I have met her. I must pay a courtesy visit, but for now the inn will suffice. I have business on White Cliffs Island.”
The innkeeper nodded. “Aye, like your aunt. Was the time no one was allowed there, but now it seems they’ve put out the welcome mat. I expect you could sail from here on any of the rental boats, or you could send a message and they would likely send out a boat for you, you being the niece of Serafina and all.”
Serafina pulled out a coin for her room but the innkeeper waved it away. “Let me do this courtesy for you in your aunt’s memory,” he said.
“You are most generous. I will pick up my key later. I may as well arrange for a visit to White Cliffs this afternoon.”
“If you go to White Cliffs, they’ll likely insist you stay the night. Such is the regard they held for your aunt. But I’ll keep your room ready just in case,” Rollo said.

Serafina was not pleased to hear Tristan was now allowing visitors to his island. He was a generous type and might easily allow all comers access to the island’s guano reserves, now that he had come to terms with others seeing his facial defect. She would need to put a stop to that as soon as possible. She stopped at the first boat rental stall she found.
“I would like to buy passage to White Cliffs Island,” she told a dark-haired man applying a coat of varnish to one of his boats.
“Aye, I can take you there, but I can nay promise they’ll allow you ashore. Are you known to the folks there?” the man asked.
“They knew my Aunt Serafina. I have come to tell them she has died.”
“Oh, all right then. Are you ready to leave?”
“Yes,” she said, handing him a coin.
“Welcome aboard then,” he said, gesturing toward a second boat with dry paint.

Two guards, well known to Serafina in her guise as an old lady, met the boat at the beach closest to the manor house. “You will need permission to come ashore. State your business here,” one ordered.
“I believe you knew my Aunt Serafina who held a guano concession here,” Serafina said. “I have come to notify Tristan and Rose of her death.”
The guards seemed properly shaken by the news.
“I am sorry to hear of it,” one said as he helped Serafina from the boat. He continued up the path to the manor house alongside Serafina. “Perhaps I had best break the news to Tristan and Rose about your Aunt Serafina. This will come as a blow to them.”
The guard went ahead into the manor house and a few minutes later Tristan and Rose, holding her baby, Santos, appeared together on the veranda.
“Is it true then?” Tristan asked, his voice breaking. Rose, already sobbing, stood beside him.
Tristan looked closer at his visitor, shading his eyes from the sun. “But we have met before – at the children’s boat race. You bear her name.”
“Yes, I am her niece and her heir. I am sorry to bring such sad news. It seems she had already died when I met you here, but I did not learn of it until I returned to Henge.”
“Please come in,” Rose said, trying to gain control of her voice. “Did Serafina ever speak of us?”
Serafina stepped up onto the veranda. “Aunt Serafina loved you both. She loved Manoa as well.  I felt guilty being the reason for pulling her back to Henge. But she always came to my aid when I needed her. My children are healthy now, thanks to her care while I was ill.”
“She was ever the soul of generosity,” Rose said, sniffling.
“And this is your son, I remember—little Santos. May I hold him?” She gently took the baby from his mother and rocked him in her arms. “How my aunt would have loved to see him. He is perfect. I meant to tell Aunt Serafina about him as soon as I returned to Henge, but never had the chance.”
Tristan beamed with pride at her comments. “How did Serafina come to die? I hope it was from natural causes and not some sort of mischief,” he said.
“Actually others thought it mischief at the time. She fell to the floor shortly after arriving back in Henge and said only one word before she died.”
“What word?” Rose stood stiff with anxiety.
“Sloan,” was the word she uttered. Soldiers found she had brought a man with her named Sloan. They believed her poisoned and put him in the dungeon. But now I have spoken to the man and he says he worked for her and she brought him back to Henge to aid in her fertilizer distribution. He said you could verify his story.”
Tristan nodded. “He was her man, it is true, though some of his actions were suspect.”
“In what way?” Serafina asked.
“He was to have been the sole miner here on White Cliffs, but replaced himself with two other men, although at the time, he had no authority to do so.”
Serafina pursed her lips, thoughtful. “Are the two men still working here?”
“Yes, they are. They have never given us reason to worry. I believe your aunt was satisfied with their work.”
“Then perhaps their work might continue. I hope to carry out my aunt’s work with fertilizer distribution. Our soil in Henge is thin and poor and the growing season short. The fertilizer makes crops possible that would otherwise never make it to harvest. I know that was her intent in naming me her heir.”
Tristan looked away. “I suppose it might continue on to some extent. We have farmers here in Manoa, as well, who have asked to share in our resources.”
“Of course, it must continue on, if that was Serafina’s wish,” Rose said adamantly.
Tristan smiled. “Your aunt was instrumental in bringing Rose and I together. We will both be ever grateful for that.” He took the baby back from Serafina. “But please, come inside. We must share some stories of your aunt while you are here.”

Chapter 51

Kingdom of Manoa

Serafina could hardly argue for a monopoly of White Cliffs’ guano while she was getting it for free. With Rose’s support, she was able to continue her own operation in Aunt Serafina’s memory. It was enough for now. As she sailed from White Cliffs Island back to Manoa she considered her next errand. She needed to arrange a private meeting with King Gundar. She knew he was still here in Manoa.  She had seen his ship anchored off shore.
Serafina took her key from Rollo the Innkeeper.
Rollo leaned close to speak in a soft voice, even though no one was close enough to hear. “I am surprised to see you back; I thought Tristan and Rose would want to bend your ear a bit longer about your Aunt Serafina.”
Serafina smiled. “They did their best. Unfortunately, my time here is limited. I must leave with the Pride of Manoa to return to my children.”
“You should bring them next time you come for a visit. Our young Princess could teach them to sail.”
“They would enjoy that. I will bring them when I come again.”
“Will you have dinner here tonight?”
“I do not know. I must go out again after I change to more formal wear. I need to pay a social call on the castle. It is an expected convention when royalty visits.”
“I am sure they will be happy to see you at the castle, but they are quite informal, I’ve heard. We often see them taking their meals on their veranda.”
Serafina laughed. “If you see me then, on the veranda, you will know I will not have need of dinner.”
Rollo laughed with her as he handed her the key to her room.

Serafina was, in fact, a guest at dinner on the veranda of the castle that evening. King Shabas, Prince Gallo, and Princess Elka welcomed her to their home. King Gundar seemed especially eager to hear the news from Henge.
After dinner Serafina asked King Gundar if she might speak privately with him.
“It is a warm evening,” he said. “Why do we not take a stroll through the village?”
“That would be perfect. You might walk with me back to the inn where I have taken a room for the night.”
“Why stay there? You are welcome to stay here at the castle,” King Gundar said with a magnanimous expression.
“Thank you,” Serafina said, “but I must rise early to leave with the Pride of Manoa. I have much to do back at Henge.”
King Gundar shrugged. “It is not trouble there that calls you back, I trust,” he said in a relaxed tone.
Serafina knew he would try to deny any connection to the pirate raid. He must have ordered the attack before he left Sandovia to bring his daughter to Manoa.
“No. No trouble,” Serafina said as they passed out the door of the castle.
King Gundar pursed his lips, troubled himself by her denial of trouble. “Why did you wish to speak to me alone?” he asked, still trying to feign nonchalance.
“I thought you might wish to have news of the outcome of your failed pirate raid,” Serafina said with equal nonchalance.
King Gundar stopped at the gate at the castle wall and scowled. “What is this nonsense?” he demanded.
“It did not go as planned,” Serafina said as she slipped through the gate.
King Gundar grabbed her arm and spun her around. “What are you saying?” His face was flushed with anger.
Serafina glanced at the hand that gripped her arm. “Do I need to summon a guard?” Her voice was cool and controlled.
King Gundar dropped his hand from her arm. “I do not like what you are implying.”
“I am not implying, I am clearly stating facts. Your ships were sunk. Your men captured. They confessed their parts in the scheme.”
King Gundar wiped his forehead where beads of sweat had formed.
“I have no idea what you are talking about.”
“Then I will continue to explain. Prince Blackwell and his father, who was in charge when the so-called pirates attacked, wanted to send out the Army in ships to lay waste to Sandovia and kill or kidnap your son, who was left in charge in your absence.”
King Gundar turned pale. “What have you done?”
“I convinced them to take a different tack.” Serafina waited while King Gundar slowed his breathing.
“If you have harmed my son, Thord, I will kill you where you stand,” he said.
“I doubt you could,” Serafina said in a cold voice, “but the fact that you have made the threat does not bode well for our friendship.”
Gundar made a rough swipe at the sweat on his forehead. “Will you continue to speak in riddles?”
Serafina raised her hand and King Gundar flinched.
“I understand why you engineered the supposed pirate raid. It shows some initiative on your part and I do admire initiative. You have squandered Sandovia’s wealth on ineffective weapons to fight your pirates and you are desperate for help. You thought this ruse might convince Prince Blackwell to rent out his army to Sandovia to rid you of your pirates. It was not inconceivable that such a plan might work.”
King Gundar’s face wavered between hope and fear. “Have you attacked my son?”
“No. We have no wish to conquer your kingdom. We would prefer to have you as an ally. So we have decided to help you with your problem.”
King Gundar’s mouth dropped. “Please, just tell me what you are saying.”
“We have weapons that make yours obsolete. We will sell them to you. Your men will tell you about them when you return to Sandovia. They are the weapons that made short work of your pirate ships. You may have the use of these weapons at a price we will determine.”
“And what do you want in return?”
“As I said, we need you as an ally. It is only a matter of time before the Great Khan of Barburee turns his military machine in our direction.”
“My son, Thord, is safe?”
“Your son is safe – for now.”
“I did not really intend to kill you. It was a statement made in anger,” King Gundar said.
“Of course,” Serafina said, her eyes as dark and cold as the North Sea.

Chapter 52

Kingdom of Fernland

Dagon and Electra spent a rare moment together, one ascending and one descending the stairs of Fernland’s castle.
“I am on my way to the kitchen,” Electra said. “The twins have been making a surprise under Chef Cristo’s supervision. I believe their concoction will be accompanied by tea for mother and me.”
“I envy you,” Dagon said. “I am to review the Palace Guard with your father. It is some sort of monthly custom.” Dagon put his hand on Electra’s arm to slow her decent down the stairs. “Is it possible we might have forgotten some pressing obligation that requires our immediate return to Helsop? I do not know how much more of this apprenticeship to understudy as Fernland’s ruler I can tolerate.”
Electra laughed. “I will put some thought into the matter. I am myself at the breaking point where high teas and dress making parties are concerned.”

Electra continued down the stairs to the kitchen where she was intercepted by Queen Delphinia coming out of the kitchen holding each of the twins by a hand.
“We have news from our outpost at the river’s mouth. They have signaled a large fleet approaching the estuary. We think it may be the whole of the Taz fleet returning from China. We must go at once to King’s Lake to meet them.”
Electra was glad of the news. She had worried over the fate of the Taz seamen, sent to China against their will to spy for the Great Khan. “Do you think Muller the Spy might be with them?” she asked.
Delphinia hesitated. “In his message, he did say he would try to come by ship from Taz. I confess I am more excited by the possibility that Avor might be aboard, though I know that is wishful thinking on my part. It is too soon to expect Avor home.”
“We will soon know,” Electra said. “Shall I fetch Dagon? He just went upstairs to change clothes for a review of the Palace Guard.”
“Yes, tell him the review is cancelled. I have called for the royal carriage and Geoffrey will be along as soon as he notifies the Captain of the Guard. We will wait for you in the carriage.” Delphinia looked down at Esme and Shalin. “As soon as we return from the lake we will show Electra what you both have made in the kitchen. Will that be acceptable?” She kissed each little hand she held in turn.
Shalin and Esme giggled as they nodded, and Electra’s mind fixed on a picture of a frosted cake with a bow made of icing on top. One of the twins had been unable to wait to share the secret and had put a picture directly into her mind.

Electra, Dagon, Delphinia, Geoffrey, Shalin and Esme settled into the royal carriage and took off with a jolt.
“Will Mama be on the ship?” Shalin asked.
“I do not think this is your Mama’s ship,” Delphinia replied. “There are many ships, a fleet, actually. We suspect they are our friends from Taz.”
“Mama left on the Pride of Manoa,” Esme said, eager to share this possibly important information.
“Yes, she did. And it is likely she will return on the same ship. We must tell our men at the outpost to send up a special smoke signal when that ship is sighted,” Delphinia said.
Esme nodded, happy with her contribution.

They reached King’s Lake before the fleet arrived.  Electra encouraged the twins to play in the sand on the beach as they waited for the first ship in the fleet to make its approach through the estuary into King’s Lake. The Caliph and Laleh walked down the beach from the Taz encampment to join them.
Electra’s mouth dropped open as the first ship in the fleet appeared at the edge of King’s Lake. “But that is the Spirit of Taz. How can…” She stopped mid-sentence, fearing a pirate attack before she realized what must have happened. The returning Taz fleet must have stopped in Venito long enough to reclaim their stolen flag ship. She doubted the pirates would have given it up willingly.
“I believe that is Physician Rabar, waving from the deck,” Electra said.
Laleh let out a little shriek.  “And my father! I see him.”
“And there is Muller the Spy beside him,” King Geoffrey said, his voice betraying a rare note of excitement.
“Haddad the Shipbuilder is pointing to something,” Dagon said, waving to the men aboard.
“What is that,” Delphinia asked. “It looks as if he is holding up a cloak.”
Electra’s hand flew to her mouth. “It is the cloak the pirates in Venito stole from me. They have rescued the Spirit of Taz and my cloak as well. Perhaps my ring is still in it.”

Shore boats were lowered and the first group to come ashore included Muller the Spy, Hilgard the Language Student, his Chinese friend Dong Hao, Haddad the Master Shipbuilder and Physician Rabar.
Haddad and Rabar greeted the Caliph and Laleh, while Muller the Spy splashed through the shallow water to reach King Geoffrey. 
“It is good to have you home,” King Geoffrey said. The sweep of his glance included Hilgard the Language Student and Dong Hao, still exiting their row boat.”
“It is very good to be home,” Muller said with a slight bow. “We have returned bearing gifts.” His eyes twinkled with delight.
“You mean you have brought the…” King Geoffrey’s voice lowered to a whisper. “The white powder?”
“Barrels and barrels of it,” Muller announced proudly.
“You have done well,” King Geoffrey said.
“You must be our guest of honor at dinner tonight,” Delphinia announced. “And your wife as well,” she added.
King Geoffrey’s lips twitched with a slight frown but he quickly changed it to a smile. “This is indeed an occasion worthy of a celebration.”
Muller stepped aside as Haddad the Shipbuilder walked up to the Royal Family with Electra’s cloak draped over his arm.
“Welcome back, Haddad,” Electra said, trying to restrain herself from hugging the man.
“I believe this belongs to you.” He held out the cloak and Electra took it from him. “Is it still there?”
Haddad knew she was referring to the gold ring Dagon had given to her on her wedding day. “We did not take the liberty of finding out, but there is a small hard lump near the hem.”
Electra felt around the hem until she located the lump and worked it back up inside the cloak’s lining to a pocket. She reached in through the hole in the pocket and drew the ring out.
She held it up for Dagon to see. “Thank you so much,” she said to Haddad. “I hope you sustained no injuries in retrieving it,” she added.
“I confess we were equally concerned with retrieving our flagship, and the answer is no – we sustained no injuries, though the same may not be said for the pirates of Venito.”
Esme and Shalin crowded around Electra to see what she was holding. Shalin recognized the ring from Electra’s wedding.
“That is the ring with the spells,” she told her sister, Esme.
An amazed Electra knelt down to Shalin’s level, holding out the gold ring. “You can see the spells?” she asked.
“Yes, they are written on the ring,” Shalin replied.
“What do they say?” Electra asked in a hushed voice.
“I do not know,” Shalin said. “I have not learned how to read yet.”
Electra laughed and hugged the twins to her. “Of course you have not,” she said. “How silly of me to ask.”

Chapter 53

Kingdom of Fernland

A few days after the arrival of the Taz fleet, King Geoffrey and Dagon were joined in the throne room by Muller the Spy, the Caliph and Haddad the Shipbuilder for a conference. They sat at the round table at the base of the throne for this informal gathering. Muller the Spy and Dagon had been briefed as to the meeting’s agenda, but Haddad and the Caliph had not been informed about the reasons for the summons. 
King Geoffrey got right to the point. He looked at Haddad and asked, “What is your opinion on this business with China? Is the Great Khan planning a war or an alliance with the Chinese?”
Haddad took a moment to consider his answer. “I believe there is little difference. Either way, the Great Khan means to take over China. We were sent to study the various ships of the Chinese fleet and submit plans for ships capable of prevailing against them. If he pays us to build such ships, I will have no doubt that he plans to attack on all fronts. I do not believe he would use Barburee soldiers to man such ships as his men cannot conceive of waging war other than from horseback. It worries me that the Great Khan may have plans to coerce our Taz seamen to man his warships.”
King Geoffrey grimaced at Haddad’s words. “I see.” He paused and glanced at his chief spy. “And what was your experience in China, Muller? Did the citizenry there foresee a war with Barburee?”
Muller closed his eyes as he gathered his thoughts. “As a trader, I was able to pick up rumors and gossip. Hilgard and Dong Hao were very helpful with their ability to translate local dialects. My impression was one of unease among the populace. I believe they’ve found rumors of a possible alliance with Barburee unwelcome news. They believe Barburee to be uncivilized and a possible marriage between a Chinese princess and a Barburee general to be unthinkable. I believe it will likely come down to war if the Great Khan has his sights set on China.”
King Geoffrey nodded and turned back to face the Caliph. “We here in Fernland might be in a position to offer a new agreement of sanctuary in light of these new events in China. We have received a message from Prince Avor. He is on his way home, though he is charged with dropping off a Barburee Princess on the way. I would like him to find the boat works up and running when he returns. I also have need of a large ship now that we have opened up trade with China. Quite a large ship – perhaps a bit larger than the King Gundar, capable of conveying cargo to and from China.” He leveled his gaze first at the Caliph and then at Haddad the Shipbuilder. “Would you be interested in fashioning a new agreement with Fernland for the length of time it takes to build such a ship?”
Haddad looked at his father, the Caliph, with raised eyebrows.
The Caliph straightened his collar and tweaked his posture. With a very straight back, he began his speech. “Most illustrious and wise King Geoffrey: My mind soars to follow your most lofty insights. We of Taz are honored to be your friends and allies at this critical time in the history of nations. You have seized the most crucial facts and woven them into the best possible solutions for both our peoples. It would of course be our honor to serve Fernland’s monarch in any way possible. But this plan would indeed also be of benefit to the Taz people, keeping us occupied here in Fernland so as to rob the Great Khan of the ability to engage us for his own ends. Most ingenious. I commend you on the brilliance of your plan. We will build you a ship to exceed all others.”
King Geoffrey pursed his lips, wondering if this were truly the end of the Caliph’s flowery speech.  His feats of oratory often lasted much longer and included even more flattery. When it seemed no more was to follow, King Geoffrey cleared his throat. “Yes. Perhaps you might work on some preliminary drawings and we could meet again tomorrow at the boat works to pen a final agreement.”

Dagon left the meeting to find Electra and give her the news about the sanctuary agreement with Taz. He found her in her room with the twins and Ebony the Panther. Esme was cutting out paper dolls while Shalin worked on a drawing.
Electra looked up at him with an amazed expression. She was holding the gold ring he had given her as a wedding gift.
“You are still stunned to have your ring back from the pirates?” he asked.
Electra shook her head. “I am amazed at its history. Look here.” She held up a piece of paper. “This is the script Shalin can see encrypted on the ring. There are layers of spells in a language none of us understands. It may be a very ancient language.”
Dagon felt a little quiver of superstitious unease. “Do you think it is safe to wear?”
“I suppose so. The spells are shrouded in magic. Only Shalin can see them.”
“I can see them,” Esme objected.
“Yes, of course,” Electra said, running her hand down Esme’s dark hair. “Only Shalin and Esme.”
“I have good news,” Dagon said, relieved to change the subject. “King Geoffrey has offered sanctuary to all of Taz once again.”
“He has?” Electra stood up. “But this is wonderful news. When will this take place?”
“We will hammer out the final agreement tomorrow at King’s Lake. I imagine they will act on it quickly. The Caliph does not want to be forced to build ships for Barburee, nor does he want his men conscripted into the Great Khan’s Navy. Likely most of the ship builders will stay here and the Caliph will send the fleet back to Taz to pick up the families that remain there.”
“I would like to think Fa…” she stopped and coughed. “I mean, I would hope King Geoffrey is doing this with the welfare of Taz in mind, but I believe luring Avor home to stay is foremost in his mind,” Electra said.
Dagon knew she had narrowly avoided saying Father in the twins’ hearing, but tried not to dwell on the thought lest the twins read his mind. “He did mention he wanted the boat works up and running when Avor returns.” 
“Avor’s return might rob you of your current role as the King’s understudy,” Electra said with a grin.
“Then let us hope for Avor’s quick return.” Dagon returned her grin.

Chapter 54

King’s Lake in Fernland

King Geoffrey and Dagon made a tour of the boat works before meeting with the Caliph and Haddad to forge a new agreement of sanctuary. Already the Taz men were hard at work enlarging and fortifying the frame mainstays at the boat works to contain a new and larger ship.
“I believe I may consider importing silk and spices along with the white powder once this new ship is built,” Geoffrey said to Dagon. “It seems there is now a great demand for silk here in Fernland.”
Dagon grinned, knowing Delphinia was foremost in the group demanding silk. “Is this silk not quite costly?”
“It is highway robbery if you ask me, but that only seems to make it more desirable.” Geoffrey frowned.
“It looks as though the Caliph intends to proceed quickly with the construction of the new ship. It is fortunate you have all the materials at hand to build such a ship,” Dagon commented.
“Yes, we are fortunate to have the forests that provide the wood for such an enterprise. I only worry that a new offer of sanctuary will lead to hope on their part for a permanent stay in Fernland,” Geoffrey added.
Dagon looked out over the lake, thinking. “China is a powerful nation, or so I hear. It is possible the Great Khan will be defeated and the Taz people able to reclaim their city.”
“It is also possible the Great Khan will defeat China, bring in new ship builders to replace the Taz men and leave them with no city to return to,” Geoffrey stated.
“Giving them a place to hide from the Great Khan’s conscription into his new Navy might be the thing that turns the odds in China’s favor. It could be Fernland’s contribution to Barburee’s defeat,” Dagon said.
“There is that possibility,” King Geoffrey said, appearing to ponder his decision. He looked up again at the skeleton of the twin to the Prince Avor, the new ship which had been lately reserved for Take the Thief. He shook his head. “With our scant knowledge, there is no way to predict the outcome. I do see a ship capable of carrying large cargos to be in Fernland’s best interests in the long run. I will grant sanctuary for the time it takes to build such a ship. Then we shall see.”

King Geoffrey and the Caliph were in the midst of signing a new agreement when a royal guardsmen knocked at the door of the Taz ship builders’ lunchroom.
“What is it?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Begging your pardon, Sire, but the Pride of Manoa has arrived carrying Princess Serafina. She has requested an audience with Your Majesty.”
“With me? Is she not here to pick up her children?”
“She specifically asked to speak to you, Your Majesty.”
King Geoffrey frowned and glanced at Dagon who gave a little shrug to show he had no clue as to why she would want to speak to him.
The Caliph bowed and asked in a polite tone, “Would you prefer to speak in private?” It was obvious he was reluctant to leave when they were so close to signing an agreement of sanctuary.
“You may as well stay until she tells us what this is about,” King Geoffrey said.
Dagon guessed his father-in-law was actually reluctant to face Serafina alone.
Serafina entered wearing her sorceress’s black cloak. She nodded to the men gathered around the lunchroom table and took a seat there herself.
“I have come from a meeting with King Gundar in Manoa,” she began.
“He is still in Manoa?” King Geoffrey said.
“I believe he intends to stay until the wedding. He seems to have made himself quite at home in King Shabas’s castle.”
“Did you mention the pirate raid on Henge?” Geoffrey asked, showing more interest now.
“I told him we knew it was a raid of faux-pirates sent by himself in an effort to turn Prince Blackwell’s favor toward his ill-conceived plot to hire out Henge’s army. I also told him old King Blackwell had insisted on sending our army to Sandovia to overthrow the acting King – Gundar’s son, Thord.”
King Geoffrey’s eyes grew wide and he leaned forward. “What did he say?”
“He threatened to kill me, of course.”
King Geoffrey sat back, gathering himself. “And yet you are here,” he observed.
“As I told him, I am not so easy to kill.” Serafina smiled. “I have worked out an agreement whereby Henge will sell him the explosive packets containing the white powder at a very substantial price. I did not agree to show him how the packets were made or to reveal the science behind their manufacture. I daresay these packets will soon solve his pirate problem and leave him beholden to Henge should we have need of another ally in the face of a Barburee threat.”
“And he was agreeable to your solution?”
“I believe he was grateful that we spared his son’s life and his kingdom.”
“No doubt.” King Geoffrey seemed uneasy, as though waiting for the sound of a second shoe falling. “I appreciate your telling me of this resolution, though I am not sure what prompted you to do so.”
“I noticed a great many barrels being offloaded from the Taz ships anchored in King’s Lake. With such a supply of their contents you might be tempted to offer your own wares at a price lower than what we in Henge are demanding as a punishment of sorts for King Gundar’s ill-advised raid. I would not like to see that happen – nor would Prince Blackwell.”
“Ah, I begin to see where we in Fernland fit into your plan. I assure you we have no thought of sharing our new wares at any price. The contents of the barrels were too difficult to come by.” King Geoffrey hesitated. “How do you know what is in the barrels?”
“I noticed the ease with which the men lifted them. Too light for wine. Something more dry and powdery, I suspect.” She smiled an enigmatic smile.
King Geoffrey nodded. “I believe Electra and Delphinia have taken your daughters for a walk in the forest. I could send a guardsman to fetch them if you like.”
“No need. The Pride of Manoa will be here several hours, loading. I will go myself to fetch them at the castle when they return.” She looked at the Caliph. “Your entire fleet looks to be in port.”
The Caliph nodded with an ingratiating smile. “We are ever at the service of our good friend King Geoffrey.”
Serafina glanced at the unsigned document partially covered by the Caliph’s right hand. “Then I will leave you to your service.” She rose from her chair in a swirl of black cloth and walked out of the lunchroom.

Chapter 55

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra, Delphinia and the twins paused at the foot of the stairs leading to the castle’s second floor. Electra held an armful of herbs and plants she had collected during their foray into Fernland’s forest.
“Shall I send someone to bring water for a bath?” Delphinia asked.
Electra looked at Esme and Shalin. They were both muddy and tired from their hike. Electra dripped muddy water from the greens in her arms. Only Delphinia seemed to have taken care to remain fairly clean.
“A bath would be much appreciated,” Electra said.
Delphinia nodded and looked at the twins. “I am sorry you did not see your wolves today,” she said. “I know you had hoped they might return to you”.
Esme looked up with a solemn expression. “I saw them,” she said, “in my mind.”
Delphinia glanced at Electra for understanding.
Electra smiled at Esme. “Did they send a picture to your mind?” She asked in a gentle voice.
“Yes,” Esme said. “They had rabbits to eat.”
“That is good,” Electra said. “We would not want them to go hungry.”
Esme shook her head. “They do not want to come back yet.” Her voice held a hint of sadness.
Electra knelt down to meet Esme’s eyes. “They need to stay with the female wolf for now. Perhaps later they will come back. They know you live in Henge. They can find their way to you there.”
Esme looked at Electra with a hopeful expression. “Do you think they will?”
“Yes, I think they will, even if it is only for a visit.”
Esme smiled and the thought seemed to energize her. She ran to the top of the stairs and on to Electra’s room.
“I will send someone with hot water,” Delphinia said. “I believe I will have a bath myself before dinner.” She walked toward the kitchen as Electra and Shalin followed Esme up the stairs to Electra’s room.

Serafina sat on Electra’s bed, holding Esme beside her as she looked at the sheet of paper Shalin had marked with what she could see of the ring’s spells.
“Mother,” Electra exclaimed as Shalin ran to sit beside Serafina.
Serafina drew both her twins onto her lap. “It looks as though you have been in the forest,” she said, giving them each a gentle squeeze.
“The wolves have gone off with a female wolf,” Esme said.
“Have they?” Serafina said.
“Electra says they will come back for a visit,” Esme added in a tentative voice, as if desirous of a second opinion.
Serafina raised her eyebrows. “Then we must look forward to their visit.”
Esme did not appear satisfied with this answer. “Do you think they will come back?” She emphasized the word, you.
“It is possible. Perhaps they will bring their pups to show them to you.”
“You think they will have pups?” Esme said with wide eyes.
“I think that is why they chose to follow the female wolf,” Serafina said.
Esme stayed quiet, perhaps considering this new revelation.
Serafina picked up the paper she had laid aside on the bed. “What are these markings from?”
Electra dropped her arm full of herbs in the corner of the room. She glanced at Shalin and found her bright with anticipation at her mother’s interest in her work.
Electra held up her gold ring. “My ring was returned to me by the Taz seamen. Shalin can see spells written on it. She did not know what the markings meant but she was able to draw them on that paper.”
Serafina nodded. “Nicely done, Shalin,” she said. “I recognize the script. It is a very ancient language. I would have to go back to read what is known of the script to be able to translate it. But there is one character…” She picked up the paper and pointed to a series of triangular lines that looked a little like  double fletched arrows. “This character is familiar to me. It is used in many ancient spells.”
Electra moved closer and took the paper from her, studying the character closely. “What does it mean?”
“It signifies death,” Serafina said, in a voice that held a mild interest.
Electra looked at her ring with some trepidation.
Serafina took the ring from Electra. “How were the Taz seamen able to return your ring?”
“The Taz men stopped at Venito and took back their flagship from the pirates. One of the pirates still had my cloak with the ring lodged in the lining near the hem. No one had discovered it.”
“How very fortunate,” Serafina said.
Electra lifted her eyes from her ring. Her mind buzzed with half-formed questions. “Do you know where the people lived who used the script? Do you know how old it might be? You believe there are many layers of spells?”
Serafina laughed. “The ring seems to have captured your interest. In answer to your first question, I do know. They lived not far from Taz, across the great inland sea, thousands of years ago.”
“Thousands of years?” Electra echoed. “Imagine. Were they very different from us?”
“Evidently they valued gold rings much as we do,” Serafina said with a grin.
“How soon might you know the whole meaning of the spells?” Electra asked.
Serafina shrugged. “Why not come with me to Henge? We can study the meaning of the spells together in my library.”
“I would like that very much,” Electra said. “When will you leave?”
“Now,” Serafina said. “The Pride of Manoa sails soon. We cannot tarry.”
“There are baths coming,” Electra said. “Will there be time for that?”
“No. You can bathe aboard ship.”
“I must find Dagon and tell Delphinia,” Electra said.
“Dagon is still at King’s Lake. I just left him there. Let us go and tell Delphinia.” Serafina looked at her twins. “You must thank your Aunt Delphinia for your time here.”
The twins jumped down from the bed, eager to comply. They scurried around gathering up their new dolls and doll clothes.
“Delphinia has become very attached to the twins,” Electra said. “She will be sad to see them leave.”
“It seems we have become allies of a sort—Henge, Fernland and Helsop. I suppose we have King Gundar’s ill-conceived attack to thank for that. I suspect the twins will see more of their aunt.”

They found Delphinia directing a line of servants with buckets of water.
“Serafina! Have you just arrived from Manoa?” Delphinia asked.
“I arrived mid-day. I have been waiting in Electra’s room for your return. We must hasten to leave with the Pride of Manoa.”
Delphinia’s expression turned gloomy. “But surely you could wait for the next ship going north. The twins are hungry and tired from our adventure in the forest.”
“Already we are gone too long from Henge. My father-in-law is eager to find any excuse to invade Sandovia.”
Delphinia sighed. “Electra and I shall miss them.”
“I fear I must go as well,” Electra said. “And Dagon with me. There is no more I can do here to guard against an outbreak of smallpox.”
“But what of Geoffrey’s plans for Dagon?” Delphinia argued.
“I am sure Dagon appreciates the King’s trust in him, but he has duties at Helsop as well. Going by ship will be easier for us.”
Delphinia appeared defeated. “I will call for the royal carriage. We might at least ride together to King’s Lake.”

Chapter 56

Kingdom of Henge

When Electra, Dagon, Serafina and the twins arrived back in Henge, they found Prince Blackwell in a temper over his father’s latest folly. After hugs between Blackwell and his family, Serafina asked the reason for his disquiet.
Blackwell’s mouth turned down in a sour expression. “Father and Take the Thief spend all their time sailing the Prince Avor around the bay, making plans to put on elaborate shows in foreign kingdoms. I believe Father has finally lost what was left of his mind.”
Serafina raised her hand in a questioning gesture. “He has no plans to invade Sandovia?”
“Thankfully, he has forgotten about Sandovia, though I leaned toward supporting his efforts in that direction. I am curious to see what King Gundar will do when some of his pretend pirates make it back to Sandovia and tell him the result of his failed attack.”
Serafina gave a slight shake of her head. “King Gundar is still in Manoa. He has decided to stay until his daughter’s wedding. I spoke to him while I was there.”
“You did?” Prince Blackwell’s expression turned cautious.  “What did you tell him?”
“I told him we knew what he was about and that he narrowly escaped losing both his son and his kingdom.”
Prince Blackwell raised his eyebrows. “And his reaction?”
“Fear, anger, relief. He will buy packets of our explosive powders at inflated prices to solve his pirate problem. He will not be given the science behind their making and he will remain in our debt.”
Prince Blackwell nodded. “He cannot be trusted now. He will look for an opportunity to inflict harm to assuage his shame.”
“You are correct. He will. But we will be watching. It gave him some comfort when I pointed out our need to band together against the Barburee threat.”
Prince Blackwell made a dismissive motion with his hand. “Enough of King Gundar.” He smiled. “It is good to have all of you home.” He turned to acknowledge the presence of Electra and Dagon. “Will you stay for a visit or are you passing through on your way to Helsop?”
“We will stay for only one night with your permission,” Dagon said. “We have been too long in Fernland with no news of Helsop.”
“Come with me then,” Prince Blackwell said to Dagon. “I want your advice on a mill wheel I am considering. I know these two,” he nodded at Serafina and Electra, “will be closeted away together as always when Electra comes to visit.”

Serafina wasted no time escorting Electra and the twins to her library. They entered a cold room that smelled of parchment and mildew. Clay tablets covered some of the shelves. Other shelves, crisscrossed with wooden dividers, held rolled scrolls, tied with leather cords. A third section held parchment books. In the center was a long rectangular table with benches on either side.
Electra sat on a bench and reached into her bag, taking out the book Serafina had loaned her.
“Here is the book you gave me that has a likeness of my ring.” She turned to the page that held a colored image of her ring with the seven small sapphires embedded in the gold band. “The triangular script you have translated in part looks to be the same script used in the spells.”
“It is the same,” Serafina said. “A scholar of ancient scripts sold me this book. He helped me translate a bit. He also sold me these scrolls.” Serafina pulled down two scrolls from a shelf and carefully unrolled the fragile coils of papyrus, patting them flat on the table.
“These are written in old Latin – a language familiar to me. They contain translations of the ancient cuneiform words. These ancient words were originally inscribed as little indentations on clay tablets.”
Serafina turned back to the library shelves and took down a clay tablet. “See how the little triangular shapes were pressed into the clay?”
Esme and Shalin ran their fingers over the rough indentations in the clay tablet.
“This tablet may be four or five thousand years old,” Serafina continued. “At that time few people could read or write. A written word seemed a magic thing. A voice set down for eternity.”
Electra nodded. “A written word likely held the power of a spell.”
“Yes, I believe it did, to many,” Serafina said. She reached into her bag and brought out the drawing Shalin had made of the spells she saw written on the ring. “We need only match the markings Shalin has drawn to their Latin translations on these scrolls and we will have the meaning of the first spell.”
Electra pointed to one little group of triangles. “This is the one you know to signify death?” she asked with a slight shiver.
“Yes,” Serafina said. “Let us hope the remainder of the spell to be more auspicious.”
They set to work with enthusiasm. Shalin was the first to find a match.
“Here is one,” Shalin said, pointing to a group of triangles on the scroll.
Esme crawled up on the table to have a better view.
“You are correct,” Serafina said, moving closer to see the Latin translation. “This word means star people or gods or sky people. This fits my theory that the ring may have belonged to an astrologer.”
Electra found the next word and recognized the Old Latin translation. “This means to study?” She looked to Serafina for confirmation.
Serafina beamed at her foster daughter. “Very good.”

It took another hour to finish the translation of the first spell. “By careful study of the stars, death may be thwarted.”
“What a gallant notion,” Electra said, “though surely impossible.”
Serafina arched an eyebrow and turned to the twins.
 “Can either of you see beneath the first spell to the second layer?” Serafina asked the twins.
“No, the first spell covers it, but I know there are words beneath,” Shalin said.
“How can you know that,” Electra asked.
Shalin shrugged.  “I just feel it.”
Serafina nodded in a knowing way. “You sense it. We will find a way to see beneath the first spell.”
“Perhaps I should leave the ring with you so you might work on uncovering its message,” Electra suggested.
Serafina shook her head. “No, keep the ring to give yourself a reason to return. We will look forward to your next visit.”
 “I am so grateful,” Electra said. “Now I do not fear to wear this ring. Perhaps someday I will have the opportunity to visit the place where the ring originated.”
“I should like to see this place as well,” Serafina said. “I have no doubt this ring has more stories to tell.”

The next morning Electra and Dagon said their goodbyes and headed off toward Helsop on the horses Dagon had left behind at the stables when he passed through on his way to Fernland. 
“It will be so good to be back home,” Electra said.
“Yes, I did not expect to be gone so long,” Dagon replied.
Electra grinned.  “Will you not miss your sessions hearing disputes at Fernland’s royal court?”
“Let us hope King Geoffrey finds no need of an acting king before Avor returns home,” Dagon said, shaking his head. “And let us hope Helsop remains too insignificant to merit a king,” he added a few seconds later.
Electra laughed and they both flicked their reins to urge their horses to Helsop at a faster clip.














