Princess Electra Book 8  The Fish Book

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2016 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Copyright ©-2016 by Robert Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Robert Maske

Smashwords edition 2016

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske


Princess Electra Book 8  The Fish Book

Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

Princess Electra closed the worn door of the ramshackle clinic after releasing her last patient and headed for the school of medicine, when her husband, Dagon, rode up astride one horse and leading another.
“Any more patients today?” he asked.	
“No, now that spring has finally shown its face, even my last arthritis patient has left me,” Electra said with a smile.
“Are you teaching this morning?”
“No, Isa has taken over my tincture class and Vesta is teaching contagious diseases.”
“Good,” Dagon said, tossing her the reins of the horse he was leading. “Come with me. I am going up to Cold Lake to take out the racing boat. It may be the ice has broken up enough to take our fishing boats out of dry dock.”
Electra clapped her hands in excitement. “Truly? It is still early in spring for the breakup.”
“It was a mild winter. It is possible we might have fresh fish for dinner.”
Electra did not bother to tell her students where she was going. She had many students now who had been with her for years and had learned enough to begin their own careers as physicians. They would not miss her if she took a few hours off to join Dagon in his excursion. She swung herself up into the saddle and they turned north.

A half hour’s ride through great jagged rocks, scrubby short trees and an ever closer view of Helsop’s glacier took them to the shore of Cold Lake – an enormous body of water that stretched east into uncharted rivers and lands. Huge chunks of ice bobbed about and the great rumbling noises of cracking ice filled the air.
“It is still quite dangerous out there, but I think we can navigate around the big chunks in a small boat,” Dagon said.
They pulled the tarp off the small racing boat that Prince Avor, Electra’s brother, had given them for a wedding present. It seemed they were always too busy to spend time sailing the small craft and there were no other boats to race against anyway. Their two fishing boats, gifts from Electra’s parents, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland, were not made for racing. They were work boats and had made all the difference in keeping the village of Helsop fed.
“Could we push some chunks of ice aside to make a path for the fishing boats?” Electra asked.
“We likely could, if the ice floes are as free-floating as they seem,” Dagon cautioned.
Electra knew they needed to be sure.  It was not an easy task to take the fishing boats in and out of the water. It required teams of horses and a good deal of manpower.
“We still have dried fish, but supplies are running low,” Electra said.
Dagon nodded. Everyone kept a close eye on the supply of dried fish during the winter months. The village had lost many to starvation before the fishing boats arrived.
They dragged the small racing boat across a sandy stretch of beach and Electra stepped in as it hit the water. Dagon gave a final push and jumped in as the lake took the boat’s weight.
“I want to go out a ways and make sure all the chunks of ice are free-floating,” Dagon said. He nudged a chunk of ice away with his oar as they drifted out onto the lake.
“Can we go out to Seal Point and see if the seals are there?” Electra asked.
“Yes, of course.” Dagon laughed. “Perhaps we should have brought a picnic.”
Dagon continued to nudge aside chunks of ice as he rowed carefully. He did not dare to put up the sail, even though there was a fresh breeze blowing—the wind could easily blow them into an iceberg.

They reached Seal Point but found the beach deserted. Electra pulled her woolen jacket closer around her. Dagon, wearing a canvas jacket, leather boots and breeches, jumped into the icy cold shallow water and pulled the boat ashore.
“Your feet will freeze,” Electra chided. “We did not need to come ashore.”
Dagon pointed his chin at something ashore and Electra followed his gaze. “Someone has been camping here,” he said.
Electra jumped from the boat onto the gravelly shore to look closer. She saw a small fire pit and a cleared area where a tent had likely been pitched.
“Was it someone from Helsop?” she asked. “How could anyone else have traveled here over a frozen lake?”
Dagon reached down to feel the ashes. “Cold,” he said. “They could have walked in or skated in, I suppose – but from where?”
Electra and Dagon both knew there were three likely possibilities.
The first and most frightening possibility was Vagan pirates; they had attacked Helsop several years ago and been soundly defeated thanks to the neighboring Army of Henge.
“It could not have been the Vagans,” Electra hurried to say. “They always come in mass and always in their long boats.”
“It could have been the fishermen from Thebes,” Dagon said. “Even though we have forbidden them to fish in Helsop’s part of Cold Lake, they know we have weapons unfamiliar to them. They would like to find out the secret of our exploding arrows and could have sent a spy for that purpose.”
“For that matter, the Vagans could have sent a spy as well,” Electra agreed. “Those who survived the attack watched their boats sink after exploding arrows splintered the hulls.”
They both shook their heads at the same time. “You think it more likely the Silent Men, do you not?” Electra asked.
Dagon nodded. “Not even a frozen lake can deter men bent on a religious quest.”
Electra stared out at the ice-littered blue lake as she considered. The Silent Men believed in reincarnation. They had witnessed the extraordinary powers of Electra’s four-year-old cousin, Esme, and believed that she was their reincarnated goddess. Already they had kidnapped the child once and taken her to their hilltop sanctuary far away.
Electra had gone with the sorceress Serafina, Esme’s mother, and they had succeeded in bringing back the kidnapped child. Bereft at the loss of their goddess, the Silent Men had sent two of their sect the year before, back to Helsop, most likely to find their little goddess once again. Unfortunately, the two men had contracted smallpox and died shortly after arriving in Helsop, so no one was really sure what their mission had been.
Electra took a deep breath. “I suppose we should warn Serafina.”
Dagon shook his head. “We do not know for a fact that it was the Silent Men. It would have been an incredible feat to arrive here over a frozen lake. Let me ask around in the village first. Someone may have been camping here for some innocent reason.”

Chapter 2

Village of Helsop

At lunch Electra joined her best friend, Isa, and one of her senior students, Vesta, to go over the schedule for the next week’s classes.
“Many of our students are now able to teach classes on the making of tinctures,” Vesta said. She stopped to make sure she had Electra’s full attention before continuing. “I have been thinking for some time now that I should begin to look for work outside the village.”
Electra knew Vesta, a smallpox survivor, felt her pockmarked face lessened her chances of marriage. She likely saw finding employment an eventual necessity.
“Helsop is your home,” Electra argued.
“Yes,” Isa added, “You should not feel compelled to find work outside.”
“How many physicians does one village need?” Vesta asked.
Electra worried her lower lip with her teeth as she considered Vesta’s question. Of course she knew this day must come for her students but now that it had come, she felt uneasy about sending them out into a world new to them and far from Helsop.
“You make a good point,” she said, finally. “Are there others who feel as you do?”
“Yes,” Vesta said. “Many of us have been here three years or more. We are ready to begin work as physicians.” Vesta looked out the window of the dining area at Helsop’s glacier. “We have considered sending out a circular to surrounding kingdoms to see if any might be in need of a physician.”
“I suppose that might work,” Electra said. “Fernland has Physician Rothman but he seldom leaves the castle. They have a few midwives and a dentist, but no other physicians. I would not like to see you go alone. Perhaps you could advertise as teams – one herbalist and one injury specialist.”
“I think that is a good idea” Isa said. “It could prove lonely otherwise. But what would Physician Rothman say to such competition for patients in Fernland?”
“Physician Rothman may not like the idea,” Electra said, “especially if he thinks I am behind it. He has never forgiven me for refusing to intern under his tutelage.”
“Perhaps we should try further afield than Fernland,” Vesta said. “Perhaps Lands End?”
Electra took a deep breath. “I grew up near Lands End in Chase Bound. I have not been back since I left at age sixteen.”
Vesta tilted her head. “I know you were raised by Serafina, but I did not know you lived in Chase Bound.”
“It is a long story,” Electra said. “Most here know of it but those of you who migrated from Hammer Haven may not have heard the story. Serafina is really my aunt though she continues to call me her daughter. Serafina kidnapped me because she was angry with my parents. Serafina was engaged to marry my father and he broke the engagement to marry Delphinia instead. Queen Delphinia, Serafina’s younger sister is my real mother. Serafina took me to Lands End to avoid detection.”
“I am surprised Delphinia has forgiven Serafina,” Vesta said.
“I doubt she has, but my mother loves Serafina’s daughters, Esme and Shalin. They are her nieces and they are very dear to her. My mother and Serafina have come to a truce of sorts.”
Isa brought the conversation back to the issue at hand. “We could make up circulars and send them out with traders, now spring is here and the roads are passable.” 
“Or I could take them myself,” Electra said. “I could go by ship if I made the shorter trip to Henge first.” She held up the gold ring with small sapphires embedded in it that Dagon had given her as a wedding gift. “I would like to see Serafina and the twins again. They have promised to make another try at discovering the spells hidden in my ring.”
Isa gave a little shiver. “Are you sure you wish to know?”
Electra shrugged. “The top-most spell was only a message written in an ancient language. “By careful study of the stars, death may be thwarted.”
“What if the spell beneath it gives powers to the one who wears the ring?” Isa asked.
“I have worn it for two years now and have not been aware of any special powers,” Electra said with a smile. “Are you superstitious?”
“A little, I suppose, when it comes to rings with hidden spells.” Isa blushed.
Electra turned to look at Vesta. “What if I were to travel on to Lands End and found the villagers there in need of such a medical team? Would you want to relocate so far from Helsop?”
Vesta went quiet for a moment, looking down at her clasped hands. “Yes, I would be willing. It is time.”

Electra was working on an advertising circular when Dagon found her hours later at the school of medicine.
“Dagon, Dagon,” Coco screeched as he walked through the door.
Electra and Dagon laughed at the imitation of Electra’s voice.
“Surely I do not screech like that,” Electra said.
“Only when you are very excited to see me,” Dagon replied, still laughing. He sat down across the table from her. “What are you working on?”
Electra sighed. “Some of my students are ready to begin their careers. I plan to take advertising circulars to Fernland and Lands End.”
“Why not just send them along with our traders? A few are planning to leave soon with tools and weapons we have made over the winter. We have an order to deliver to your father in Fernland.”
“I feel this is something I must do myself. I would not want to send my students to a place I had not checked on personally.”
“I suppose you plan to go by way of Henge?”
A guilty expression flitted over Electra’s face. “Yes, you have found me out. I want to stop and visit with Serafina and the twins along the way.”
“I expected that you were overdue for a visit. Would you like me to accompany you as far as Henge?”
Electra’s guilty expression was replaced with one of curiosity. “Why only as far as Henge?”
Dagon smiled. “I am not anxious to take up my lessons in kingship at Fernland under your father’s supervision. I am content to be Headman of Helsop.”
Electra’s hand flew to her mouth to stifle a giggle. “I had forgotten you were in training to be acting king when father has need to travel outside Fernland. I suppose there is that danger unless my brother has returned from his service in the Great Khan’s Army.”
“It is not a chance I am willing to take,” Dagon said. “I plan to delay my next trip to Fernland until I am sure your brother has returned.”
Dagon’s eyes twinkled with amusement; nevertheless, Electra knew that these training sessions--considered by her father an honor bestowed on Dagon--were, in truth, a source of vexation to her husband.
“My father will be disappointed,” Electra teased. “But on a more serious note, have you found anyone in Helsop who could account for the abandoned campsite we found this morning?”
Dagon shook his head. “Deimos and I searched along the shoreline for anything left behind. We found some marks that might have been made by a sled pulled ashore not far from the site. Any sled marks left on the ice vanished when the ice began to break up on the lake.” Dagon stopped for a moment to consider. “I suppose you might tell Serafina that much. She will likely conclude it is the Silent Men come to reclaim their goddess and it is possible she would be right in her assumption.”
“I will tell her. It might be better you send a guard with me to Henge. Helsop’s headman might be needed here when the mystery visitor is unveiled.”
“I hope not, but it is worrisome.” Dagon stood up. “Enough of suppositions. I have come to fetch you for dinner. The rumor is there is fish stew at the mess tent.”
Electra stood up as well. “Good. I am famished.”

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

Before leaving Helsop for Henge, Electra put Isa in charge of the school of medicine and the clinic.  Dagon assigned Tandor to be Electra’s bodyguard for the duration of her trip to Lands End and back.
Tandor had been Electra’s usual guard over the last four years and the two had formed a friendship of sorts, feeling comfortable in each other’s presence.  For the past two days, they had ridden on horseback at an unhurried pace, stopping often for short breaks and once beside a rocky outcrop on the trail to lay out their blankets and sleep through the night.  As they approached Henge’s castle, Electra broke the companionable silence.
“Will you stay in the barracks as usual?”
“Yes,” Tandor said, “unless you think it prudent to keep me close for some reason.”
“No, I have nothing to fear from the Blackwells.”
Tandor nodded in reply, a man of few words.

When they arrived at the castle gate, her foster-mother, Serafina, and her four-year-old twin daughters, Esme and Shalin, were there to greet them.
“You were sighted coming over the pass,” Serafina said.
After hugs and words of welcome, Serafina, Esme and Shalin walked with their visitors up the rise to the castle. Tandor took the bridles of the two horses and veered off to the army barracks with a silent wave.
“You should have sent a message,” Serafina said. “I might have been gone.”
“I hoped you would be here, but as it happens, Henge is only the first stop on my own journey,” Electra said, drawing out a few circulars from her bag. She handed one to Serafina.
“What is this?” Serafina read through one of the circulars and smiled. “You have a surplus of physicians in Helsop?”
“We do. A healthier village you will not find.” Electra laughed. “After years of study, some of my older students want to look into the possibilities for employment outside Helsop.”
Serafina considered this statement for a moment. “Prince Blackwell’s Army has its own medical unit and would likely not be receptive to a female physician. However, the remainder of the village might be capable of supporting one. I will see if there is any interest in a village clinic. But more of business later. For now you must tell me all your news.”

Electra joined the Blackwells for lunch. Besides Serafina, Esme and Shalin, four other Blackwells sat at the long dining table.  Already sipping tea were Old King Blackwell and his son, Prince Blackwell.  Prince Blackwell now ruled Henge after his father sustained a severe war injury and stepped down from power. Newcomers to the family, Phinn the Ambassador and his wife, Juanita, sat to the right of the old king.  Phinn, who was newly found to be a Blackwell, after years living on his own known as Take the Thief, was the illegitimate son of the old king. His presence in the family still seemed tenuous in the eyes of all but the old king who had been overjoyed to find him after so many years.
The twins demanded news of their friends in Helsop, namely Little Dagon and Timor. Electra was happy to give a report.
“Timor is apprenticed to his father, Olaf,” Electra told the girls. “He has begun to learn the art of making arrows. Little Dagon, now five years old, often stops to see me at the clinic. He asks about you both and wants to know if any visits are planned.”
Esme and Shalin giggled and an unspoken thought seemed to pass between them.
Electra took a breath and hesitated before making her next statement. “We found a campsite at Cold Lake just after the ice broke. It seems someone not of our village had been staying there.”
Prince Blackwell and Serafina both leveled suspicious glances at Electra. Electra surmised they had both jumped to the conclusion it must be the Silent Men come to seek their lost goddess, Esme, hoping to find her once again at Helsop.
“Any clues as to who it might have been?” Prince Blackwell asked in a voice pretending nonchalance.
“It could have been someone coming over the ice,” Electra said, “but that would have entailed a dangerous journey and great commitment.” Electra kept her tone neutral. “With the breaking of the ice, no trail was visible.”
Serafina’s eyes turned a blue gray color as she considered the possibilities.
Electra recognized that blue gray color from her many years living in Lands End as Serafina’s daughter.  It was the color her foster mother’s eyes turned when she was plotting something or solving a puzzle.
 “I had an unexpected visitor as well – about a week ago,” Serafina announced to those seated around her.
“You did?” Prince Blackwell said. “This is the first I have heard of it.”
Old King Blackwell looked up from his plate, evidently finding this last comment of interest. “Now you know how I feel. No one bothers to tell me anything that goes on around here either.”
Take the Thief, now known as Phinn the Ambassador, smiled at his father. “You know that is not true, Father. I and my acting troupe are your own personal intelligence agency.”
Old King Blackwell shrugged. “Did any of you know about this visitor?”
“No,” Phinn admitted.
Everyone looked at Serafina, waiting for an explanation.
Serafina pushed her plate aside and pressed her fingers to her lips. “I thought little of it at the time, but now…” She shrugged. “He was a scholar from the Province of Urum.”
“Where is Urum?” Prince Blackwell demanded.
Serafina turned from Prince Blackwell to Electra. “It is a province not far from Kisher, where your ring was made.”
“I have never heard of Kisher, or Urum,” Prince Blackwell said, clearly irritated that his wife had turned her attention from him to Electra.
“It was a city in ancient times, thousands of years ago,” Serafina told her husband.
“Why was this scholar here in Henge?” Old King Blackwell asked.
“He had heard I collected ancient clay tablets from that region. He deals with some of the same sellers I buy from. He wanted to see my library.”
Everyone was quiet while they considered this information.
“You think he has an interest in my ring?” Electra broke the silence..
“I am sure he does, though he did not mention it. It would stand to reason he would be interested in an ancient ring that comes from his province.”
Electra looked down at her ring. “I hoped we might decipher the words still hidden in my ring while I am here. Now I wonder if I should even consider it to be my ring.”
“Of course it is your ring,” Serafina said. “But the scholar may have traveled here for reasons other than my library. And your ring may be one of those reasons.”
“We thought our mysterious camper likely to be one or more of the Silent Men, still obsessed with finding their goddess, but now I am not so sure,” Electra said.
“I will have this man brought in for questioning,” Prince Blackwell said.
“He has done nothing wrong as yet,” Electra said, in a tone that held mild reproof. 
Prince Blackwell frowned at Electra. “Then he will not mind answering my questions.”
“He will have moved on,” Serafina said. “But we might send a message to Dagon in Helsop to be on the watch for him.”
 Electra was not surprised that no one at the table bothered to ask Serafina how she could be sure the scholar would no longer be in Henge.  They all knew she had powers of insight beyond their understanding and was seldom wrong about such things.

That afternoon, Serafina, Electra and the twins gathered in Serafina’s library. Serafina took down the ancient texts that held translations of the cuneiform writing embedded in Electra’s ring.
“I have thought of a method by which we might see beneath the first layer to the second hidden layer,” Serafina said.
Electra looked at the twins with a cautious expression. Only the twins, with their exceptional abilities, were able to sense the presence of the hidden spells embedded as ancient words on the surface of the ring. 
“Do you believe it is safe?” Electra asked Serafina. “We are in unknown waters here. We do not know what might happen if we look beneath the first layer. Perhaps the Scholar from Urum knows something. To be safe we might find him and speak to him first.”
“I believe he does know something of the ring,” Serafina said. “The fact that he said nothing when he had the chance and instead slipped away to Helsop to camp secretly at Cold Lake makes him unworthy of trust. Better we should go to Urum ourselves to investigate than ask for his advice. In my opinion, the arrival of this scholar speaks to the importance of your ring. Why not try ourselves, first, to unlock its secrets?”
Electra found herself nodding in agreement against her better judgment.

Chapter 4

Castle at Henge

In her private library Serafina sat across the table from Esme and Shalin. They both looked back with eager faces. Electra, sitting next to Serafina, wondered about the wisdom of what they were going to attempt.
Serafina clicked a fingernail atop the clay tablet in front of her. “I have an idea which might work to bring the second layer of spells into view.” She turned to face Electra. “May I have your ring?”
Electra slipped the hammered gold ring with small embedded sapphires off her finger and placed it in Serafina’s hand. Neither she nor Serafina could see the written words embedded on the ring. Only the twins, with their unusual powers, could discern them and they could see only the top layer.
Serafina held the ring in her palm close to the excited faces of Esme and Shalin. “I thought perhaps you, Esme, could call the topmost layer of writing to the side of the ring and hold it there, allowing Shalin to see the characters on the layer beneath.” Serafina closed her hand around the ring. “Would you like to try?”
Esme raised herself higher on her bench by tucking her legs beneath her. “Yes, Mama, I want to try,” she said with enthusiasm.
Serafina turned her attention to Shalin. “Shalin, if you are able to see the layer beneath when Esme holds the top layer aside with her calling power, would you like to write down the symbols you see so that we might then translate them?”
Shalin gave an emphatic nod.
“Very well,” Serafina said, sliding paper, ink and quill in front of Shalin. “Let us begin.”
Electra leaned across the table, the better to see whatever was about to unfold.
Serafina set the ring down in front of the twins.
Esme stared hard at the ring. She tilted her head first one way and then the other.
“You are doing it Es,” Shalin proclaimed. “I saw the words move.”
Serafina put a finger to her lips and made a shushing sound. “Let Esme concentrate.”
Shalin leaned in closer to the ring, ready to grasp its secrets the second the new spell came into view. The top layer must have slid a bit, because Shalin was quickly marking down the first symbol as it came into view.
“Perhaps you should rest, Esme, while we decipher the first symbol,” Serafina said.
“No, I can do it,” Esme said in a sharp tone.
Everyone stayed quiet while Esme pressed her lips together in concentration.
Shalin continued to write as more symbols came into view.
Finally Esme sat back on her heels and smiled. “I made the top layer slide back in place. It is still embedded.”
Electra stared at Esme. “Do you mean the top spell might have slid away from the ring permanently?”
“I think so,” Esme said. “But I kept it attached.”
Electra took a deep breath. “I wonder at your powers but I also question the wisdom of what we are about here.”
Serafina smiled. “Nothing ventured, nothing gained.” 
Electra knew this favorite of her foster mother’s sayings was apt to lead to trouble eventually.

For the next two hours, they set about deciphering the symbols Shalin had drawn.
“I found one,” Shalin said, pointing to a symbol on a parchment scroll written beside its translation into Old Latin. “What does it mean?”
Serafina looked at the word ‘ligare’ in Old Latin.  “It means ‘to bind’ or ‘to tie’ in Old Latin. It will depend on its context but could mean to put together.”
More symbols, little angular marks that would have been pressed into clay tablets thousands of years ago when the act of writing was in its infancy, were gradually paired with their Old Latin translations.
Different pairings and variations in assembly of the translated words were tested.
“We definitely have the seven sisters, which is another name for the Pleiades constellation,” Electra said. “That certainly makes sense. The ring itself is dotted with sapphires in the shape of the constellation, even though two stones have fallen out.”
Serafina nodded. “My best guess is a sentence. ‘Follow the seven sisters constellation closely as it travels through the sky.’ But the word ‘closely’ is not quite strong enough. It might be more like ‘bind yourself to the Pleiades as it travels through the sky’.”
Electra nodded. “Or it could be speaking of the ring itself since it represents the constellation. It could be telling the wearer to be sure to wear the ring as she studies the sky.”
Serafina nodded and smiled. “It could be as you say. We know that ancient astrologers saw the Pleiades constellation as an aid to wisdom.”
Electra was silent for a moment. “Do you really think your visiting scholar might have come all this way searching for this ring?”
“I do. Certainly it has great historical significance,” Serafina said. “The fact that it contains spells layered within that were put there by means beyond our understanding would only serve to enhance its value.” She looked down at the ring and then at Electra. “How many people know you have this ring?”
Electra shrugged. “All of Helsop, any of those who came to our wedding, all of the Taz boat builders. Likely thousands of people, many of whom are traders or seafarers.”
“It would not then be difficult for some scholar to trace the ring back to you in Helsop.”
“I would guess not,” Electra said. “If someone were to make a good case for ownership, I suppose I might be inclined to return it.”
“Someone thousands of years old?” Serafina asked with a twinkle in her eyes.
Electra laughed. The ring had been found at the bottom of a lake far from its birthplace and then bought and sold twice before coming to her. It was true the original owner would be thousands of years old by now if such a thing were possible. “I do begin to feel more and more that I am not entitled to be the wearer of this ring. Perhaps we should try to track down this mysterious scholar.”
“Or perhaps we should accompany Phinn and his acting troupe on the Kingdom of Henge for a performance in the Province of Urum,” Serafina said.
The eyes of two little twins grew wide as the idea of this adventure blossomed before them.
“You are suggesting we journey all the way to Urum?” Electra asked.
Serafina shrugged. “You could deliver a good many circulars along the way,” she said. “And as I always say…”  At this point all three of her avid listeners chimed in together, “Nothing ventured, nothing gained.”

Chapter 5

Castle at Henge

Electra was awake before dawn in her room at Henge’s castle. She had slept poorly, wondering if she should undertake this long voyage aboard the Kingdom of Henge without first talking it over with Dagon. Staring up at the wooden ceiling, her thoughts took flight. 
How could I justify such a dangerous and unnecessary journey to my husband? I could simply give the ring to Serafina if she is intent on going. I would then be free to journey on to Fernland and Lands End as planned. The sad truth is I want desperately to go.  I am as immature and excited as Shalin and Esme at the thought of a great adventure. And I am curious as a cat to learn the secrets of my ring.
In the east, the sky was beginning to turn a delicate shade of pink. She slipped out of her room, down the stairs and out the big wooden door of the castle to the army barracks. She knew Tandor would eventually make his way to breakfast in the officers’ mess. 
Electra peeked in and found a few men eating. Tandor sat alone at a corner table. The officers breakfasting there looked up briefly as she walked past. She sat down across from Tandor.
“Good morning,” she said, trying for a breezy tone.
Tandor seemed surprised to see her here. “Good morning,” he responded. “Are you ready to leave for Fernland?”
“There has been a change of plans,” Electra said. “I will be accompanying Serafina and the twins on the Kingdom of Henge when it sets sail. We will travel first to Fernland with Phinn and his acting troupe to put on a performance there. So I am come to give you leave to return to Helsop. There will be no need for you to accompany me to Fernland.” Electra’s attempt at a sincere tone sounded counterfeit even to her own ears.
Tandor paused, his fork suspended in air, as he considered this. “Will you go on to Lands End from there?”
“We will go on to the next place where Phinn and his acting troupe are scheduled to perform. Since I am only giving out my circulars, it really does not matter where we go. It means free transportation for me on Henge’s ship which is always welcome.”
A suspicious expression settled over Tandor’s face. “I believe Dagon will expect a less ambiguous account on my return to Helsop.”
“Yes, I am sure he will. However, that is what I know at present. I will of course send a more detailed itinerary to him in a message once we are ready to leave Fernland.” Electra looked at Tandor’s breakfast plate to avoid looking into his eyes.
“Perhaps I should go along on the ship to Fernland. Then I will be able to carry news of your new itinerary back to Dagon myself.”
Electra took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Tandor suspected she was trying to be rid of him, and he was correct. He probably also suspected she was undertaking a voyage Dagon would never sanction. “I can see your point. Perhaps that would be best. I will arrange it with Serafina.”
“Thank you,” Tandor said. The stiffness seemed to leave his shoulders and his lips curved into a smile. “Will you join me for breakfast?”
“No,” Electra said. “I had best join the Blackwells for breakfast.” She stood up. “I will send word as soon as I know when we will set sail.”

Electra walked back to the castle slowly. Her first errand had certainly not gone as planned. She did not know what she might have told Dagon in a message from Fernland, and she would likely not be able to persuade Tandor to return to Helsop without knowing where the Kingdom of Henge was bound for. Tandor would be much more concerned with Dagon’s disapproval than he was with Electra’s attempts at dismissal. Tandor’s orders were to protect her and he took his orders seriously.

Old King Blackwell sat alone at the dining table when Electra joined him.
“Good to see another early riser,” the old King said. “Where have you been so early outside the castle?”
“Just bringing my guard, Tandor, up to date on my plans. He will be accompanying me on the Kingdom of Henge when she sails.”
“You are going with the acting troupe?”
Electra realized too late that Serafina had not yet informed her family of her proposed trip. “Ah… perhaps, if their first stop will be Fernland. I want to give out some of my circulars there.”
“Their first stop will be Sandovia,” the old King said. “They may look like actors but, trust me, they are spies, and I want to know what that sly fox, King Gundar, is up to. We took care of his pirate problem and he didn’t even have the decency to invite us to his daughter’s wedding in Manoa—not that we would have gone anyway.” He banged his knife on the table and looked at the closed door to the kitchen.
Electra looked over to the staircase, hoping someone would come down to interrupt this conversation. She heard a door open. “I think someone is coming down.”
“I hope it is someone with food,” Blackwell said, banging his knife again against the pitted wood table.

Within a few minutes, Serafina, Prince Blackwell, the twins, Phinn and Juanita were all seated around the dining table. Cook came through the door to the kitchen, bearing tea and fruit.
“You weren’t planning to stop at Fernland on your way to Sandovia, were you?” old King Blackwell asked his son, Phinn.
Phinn looked up. “We could, I suppose,” he said.
“Good,” Serafina said, before the old King could speak.
“Good, why?” the old King asked.
Now Prince Blackwell was looking up from his tea as well, obviously interested to hear his wife’s response.
Serafina glanced at Phinn. “Electra, the twins and I would like to come along,” she said. “It is a brand new ship. I think it fitting that I should introduce its purpose as a goodwill envoy to our neighboring kingdoms.”
Prince Blackwell’s mouth hung open. “Where did you get such a ridiculous idea? Is it not enough that we are sending people to entertain them? For free? Why should you go along?”
“Perhaps it should not be free. Perhaps I should extract some sort of trade negotiation in return for such entertainment.”
Prince Blackwell stared at his wife. “Like what?”
Serafina shrugged. “That is why it is important I be there. To see what they may have to offer.”
Old King Blackwell tapped his cup with his knife to gain everyone’s attention. “We already know what they have to offer.” He winked at Phinn. “Their secrets. In case you have forgotten, Phinn and his acting troupe have a mission to accomplish and that is to ferret out information wherever they go. The performances he gives are only a cover for his real purpose.”
“Exactly,” Serafina said, “and any king worth his salt will realize that. No one offers something for nothing. However, if I negotiate some sort of trade in return for the entertainment, they will not be suspicious of the acting troupe’s ulterior motives.”
Prince Blackwell took a moment to work through his wife’s argument. “I have been against this goodwill ambassador idea from the beginning, and now even more so,” he said finally, shaking his head.
Serafina laid her hand atop her husband’s hand. “I see this as an opportunity on many levels. I promise you will not be disappointed with the results.”
“Humph,” Prince Blackwell responded. “I am already disappointed, and quite sure this is not necessary.”
“Have I ever been wrong?” Serafina asked.
Prince Blackwell leveled a malevolent frown at Serafina, his father and Phinn in that order. “There is always a first time.”

Chapter 6 

Kingdom of Fernland

After a day and a half at sea, the Kingdom of Henge, sailed into Fernland’s estuary with fourteen passengers aboard: Electra, Tandor, Serafina, Shalin, Esme and the nine members of Phinn’s acting troupe. Electra had not visited her parents, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia, Fernland’s monarchs, since autumn of last year. The harsh snowy winters on Helsop’s high plateau made travel in and out of the village much too dangerous. 
Electra stood beside Serafina at the ship’s rail, pulling her cloak tighter around her in the cool breeze.
“Is this the first time the Kingdom of Henge has sailed to Fernland since Prince Blackwell purchased it?” Electra asked.
Serafina kept her eyes on the wind-rippled water below. “Yes, but they are familiar with the ship since it was built here,” she said.
“It is a twin to the Prince Avor, is it not?” Electra asked.
“Yes. I believe Prince Blackwell only allowed the purchase of the ship to keep peace with his father, who wanted the ship for Phinn, but he will soon find it useful to have such a vessel. As I do,” Serafina added with a gleam in her eyes.
“My father seems to feel the same,” Electra said, pointing in the direction of the giant scaffolding holding the huge ribs of her father’s future ship, the King Geoffrey. There is his future ship under construction up on the stays.”
Serafina smiled. “Is there a contest to see who has biggest ship that I am unaware of?”
Electra laughed. “I believe there may be. Father suggested that his ship ought to be somewhat bigger than the King Gundar. The King Gundar is the largest ship to set anchor in King’s Lake to date.”
Serafina shook her head at the irony. “A large ship for a man who seldom travels.”
“I believe he and my mother journeyed to Manoa for Elka’s wedding last summer,” Electra said. “I was inclined to go as well, but Dagon said no.  He thought it best that we remain neutral in the dispute between Elka’s father, King Gundar, and Prince Blackwell. That meant finding an excuse to avoid attending the wedding.”
Serafina brushed her long black wind-blown hair from her eyes. “King Gundar would not be above an attempt to assassinate Prince Blackwell. We foiled his scheme to scare us with the supposed pirate attack on our port last year, and then we charged him outrageously for our exploding arrows. Though the arrows did solve his pirate problem in Sandovia, he was humiliated because we turned the tables on him and took away his control. Now that he is in our debt and under our heel, he will assuredly look for a way to retaliate.”
Electra stared at Serafina. “I think perhaps Dagon was wise in keeping Helsop out of the controversy.”

The twins ran up to stand beside their mother and Electra as their ship entered King’s Lake. They were dressed alike in leather tunics and green wool capes.  Each one carried a small, but bulging pouch.
“Will we see Aunt Delphinia while we are here?” Esme asked.
“Yes, we will see her. Did you bring your dolls?” Electra asked, glancing at their leather pouches.
Both twins nodded eagerly.
Electra knew the twins loved their Aunt Delphinia. They had become fast friends after traveling together aboard the Pride of Manoa, where Delphinia had made clothes for their dolls and taught them how to sew. “I am sure your Aunt Delphinia will be glad to see you both as well,” she said.
“We brought some cloth,” Shalin said.
Electra smiled. “It is always good to be prepared.”
“Aunt Delphinia will be sad that Ebony could not come,” Esme said.
Electra knew that her mother would not be at all sad. She was afraid of wild animals and would actually be relieved that Serafina had forbidden the twins from bringing their beloved black panther along on this trip. She tried to block out these thoughts that had come, unbidden, before the twins might read the thoughts in her mind.  “Of course,” she said quickly, “but you can assure your Aunt Delphinia that Ebony is left in Cook’s good hands and will be well cared for.”

Phinn the Ambassador came up on deck but veered away in the opposite direction when he saw Serafina standing at the railing.
Electra knew he still feared Serafina in spite of now being part of her family. It was an old story, now shared by everyone but the four-year-old twins.  Everyone who loved the twins took care to marshal their thoughts around the still-impressionable girls. But the truth was their mother had forced Phinn to steal Electra from her cradle some twenty years before and Phinn had never trusted Serafina or forgiven her for making him complicit in her crime.
Electra walked over to Phinn, who had lived his life here in Fernland as Take the Thief, before learning he was old King Blackwell’s illegitimate son.
“Will you be putting on a performance here in Fernland?” Electra asked.
Phinn shrugged. “It is up to Serafina, I suppose. Our troupe had planned to sail directly to Sandovia before she invited herself along.”
“I am sure my mother would love it if you did decide to perform,” Electra said. “The boat workers would as well. Your theatre here at King’s Lake still lies vacant.”
Phinn nodded in agreement. “Yes, I know our performances here in Fernland were greatly appreciated.  We had a good enough life living and performing here, though all of us in the acting troupe have now become quite spoiled by our free accommodations in Henge.”
“Look,” Electra said. “Here comes the royal carriage making the turn into King’s Lake. I knew my mother would want to welcome you herself.”
“Will she not be more eager to welcome you?” Phinn asked.
“I did not have time to send her a message telling her of my arrival. She will be surprised and not overly pleased to see me aboard Henge’s ship.”
“I thought relations between your mother and Serafina had begun to warm a bit,” Phinn said.
“My mother will always hate her sister for kidnapping me.  But her love for her two nieces has overcome her distain for their mother.”
They watched as the carriage pulled up to the beach and the door opened. Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stepped down wearing the red and gold colors of Fernland. Shielding their eyes from the sun, they both looked out and became very animated. No doubt they had recognized the twins and Electra standing at the railing.

Electra, Serafina and the twins were aboard the first boat to shore. As they reached shallow water, Electra jumped from the boat and waded ashore to hug her mother and father.
“But how have you come to be aboard Take the Thief’s new ship?” Delphinia asked, forgetting that Take the Thief was now called Phinn the Ambassador.
“I have come to hand out circulars,” Electra said. “We have graduates at the school of medicine ready to begin their careers as physicians.”
“I see,” Delphinia said, looking a bit nervously at King Geoffrey. “Then you did not come as a result of receiving my message.”
No,” Electra said. “You sent a message?”
King Geoffrey cleared his throat and met her eyes. “We have received a message from your brother.”
Electra’s mouth fell open in surprise. Prince Avor had run away from home two years ago to travel with the Great Khan’s Army. The last they had heard from him, months ago, he had been on a mission from the Great Khan himself to deliver a Barburee princess to her new husband, the King of Hormu. It was a journey from one edge of the Great Khan’s territory to the other, a journey that might take years.
“What did he say,” Electra asked, holding her breath.
“He was near to completing his mission and intended to go back to Taz after the wedding took place.”
“So he might be in Taz as we speak?”
Queen Delphinia glanced at her husband before answering. “We were hoping you might be willing to go to Taz to find out.”

Chapter 7

Oasis at Maru

For many months now Prince Avor and his honor guard of two hundred Barburee soldiers had been escorting the Princess Cogatin, betrothed of King Argon, along the Silk Road to the Kingdom of Hormu.
As they rode down the steep incline that marked the end of the high desert plateau, they could see the walled city of Maru in the distance. It stood out as a green patch in a wide barren desert plain.
Avor lifted his hand to signal a stop as the last of his band reached the floor of the desert. He was dressed as his men in a barbed leather tunic with a curved leather cap atop his head. He rode back to where the Princess Cogatin sat astride her dun-colored Barburee horse, surrounded by her attendants.
Princess Cogatin lifted her chin in acknowledgment as Avor rode closer. She was dressed in a dark blue wool robe, ornately decorated with beads and fur, with a red silk sash tied around her midriff. Her black hair was fashioned to frame her face in a style that mimicked the curved horns of a ram
With a slight bow from his saddle, Avor addressed Princess Cogatin formally in the Barburee language.  “Your Highness, the caravansary of Maru is directly ahead. It is possible we will find your future husband, King Argon, in residence there. Is it your wish to ride with me to the gate, or would you prefer a contingent of soldiers ride ahead to advise the king of our arrival?”
The future queen considered this and spoke briefly to one of her lady companions before answering. Then she bent down to lift a gyrfalcon from its cage at the side of her saddle. The large brown bird, speckled black on its wings, settled on to the leather armband circling Cogatin’s forearm. She had trained the bird to hunt and meant to give it to her new husband as a wedding gift. 
“I will ride with you to the gate,” she said in a firm voice. She held her head high as she urged her horse forward with her knees, in the Barburee fashion.
With the Great Khan’s golden tablet in hand, Avor rode beside the future queen to the gate of the walled city. Their horses smelled the water and needed no urging to keep up a brisk pace.
At the gate of the walled oasis, one guard watched from a tower, and another stood at attention beside the entrance, watching the contingent approach. When Avor arrived, the guard took the golden tablet from his hand and read it carefully. The golden tablet guaranteed its carrier and all with him, safe passage and the Great Khan’s hospitality throughout the Khan’s vast territories. The guard saluted smartly and opened the gate.
“Is King Argon in residence?” Prince Avor asked.
The guard opened his mouth, then closed it without replying. His expression revealed his worried state. “I will take you to his son, Minab,” the guard said without meeting Prince Avor’s eyes.
“If the king is in residence, we would prefer to see him first,” Prince Avor said. “I am escort to his betrothed, the Princess Cogatin.”
The guard shuffled his feet before replying. “Yes, Minab will know the answers you seek,” he said, swinging up onto the saddle of the horse tethered next to him.
 “He is being evasive,” Avor whispered to Cogatin. “What do you wish to do?”
Cogatin shrugged. “I suppose we had best see Prince Minab.”
Prince Avor realized suddenly that the guard had not referred to the king’s son as Prince Minab. He had only called him Minab. Avor wondered for a moment if there had been some sort of revolt and King Argon was no longer in power here. He was about to caution Cogatin, but she was already riding ahead, following the guard. He hurried to catch up.
The Maru Oasis was a huge city, filled with caravans and traders. The marketplace bustled with sellers and buyers from many lands. Avor heard tongues both familiar and foreign as they rode past tables laden with bright colored silks and jewels encased in silver and gold. The smell of cooked food and spices wafted through the air. As they neared the large spring-fed lake that was the life blood of the oasis, they saw another city spread out before them—a city of yurts, erected close to the lake.
Avor could see that a fierce battle had recently taken place here. A former palace now lay in rubble. They rode through the burned wood and slabs of marble slowly, guiding their horses around the debris, on their way to the yurts.
The guard stopped at a large yurt and shouted a greeting. A young man came to the door of the yurt. Speaking too softly to be overheard, the guard stood near the young man who seemed uneasy and glanced several times at Avor and Cogatin as he listened. Finally, the man came out of the yurt and bowed before Avor and Cogatin.
“I am Minab, son of King Argon. I am very sorry to inform you that my father has died. He won a great victory here, over the Persians, but the battle took its toll. We are presently without a king as word of our situation has not yet produced a decision from the Great Khan as to who should succeed him. I humbly apologize for the situation this presents to you both.”
Avor looked at Cogatin as she stared at Minab. Since she did not speak, Avor decided it was up to him to say something.
“Who is in charge in the meantime?” he asked.
Minab touched his head and his heart in a gesture of contrition. “I have assumed command at the urging of our generals,” he said. “But I am a commander without authority until we hear the Great Khan’s pleasure.”
“Will you excuse me while I have a word in private with the Princess?” Avor asked, glancing at Cogatin, who still had not uttered a word.
Cogatin gave Avor a dazed look and then seemed to regain her poise. 
“Certainly,” Minab said.
Avor and Cogatin both dismounted and moved a few feet away. “Any thoughts on what you might wish to do?” Avor asked in a hushed tone.
Cogatin gave her head a shake, perhaps trying to dislodge a coherent thought. Finally, she began to speak. “The promise to choose a new bride from my family was made by King Argon—a promise made to his wife on her deathbed. That pledge died with King Argon. The new king is not bound by that pledge. Even if it is Minab, as seems likely, he is free to choose his own wife. Minab may already have a wife.”
Avor nodded. He saw his plan to leave for Fernland once he delivered the new queen slowly dissolving. He would surely be honor bound to return Cogatin to her homeland in Khara Khara – a journey which would likely take another two years.
“I believe Minab would offer to take you as his second wife if he is already married. But that may not be an offer you would wish to accept,” Avor said, sneaking a glance at Minab. He seemed a handsome enough fellow, dressed in his thick leather Barburee armor, perhaps a few years older than Cogatin.
Cogatin’s eyes shifted to glance again at Minab, though her head did not move.
Minab, looking mainly at his feet, glanced in their direction from time to time.
“I believe we should stay here at the oasis until we know more,” Prince Avor said.
“Yes, I agree,” Cogatin said. She shifted the weight of her gyrfalcon to rest on her left arm. “Should I make a gift of the bird to Minab?” she whispered.
“I think we should wait a bit,” Avor said. “Would you like me to take the bird from you? Your arm must be quite weary.”
Cogatin lifted her chin in the proud manner of a Barburee Princess. “Certainly not,” she said. “She is my bird and I will keep her until I present her as a gift to my husband, whoever he turns out to be.”

Chapter 8

Village of Helsop

Dagon, Headman of Helsop’s militia, had sent out a patrol to search for any trace of the mysterious camper on Cold Lake.  He suspected their unknown visitor had already moved on, but the Vagan threat was such that it did not pay to take chances.  Dagon was sitting in his one-room command center, talking over the matter with Deimos, his second in command, when a messenger from Henge arrived.
“Come in,” he said to the Henge soldier who stood in the open doorway holding a rolled-up scroll.
“I carry a message for you from the Princess Electra,” the soldier spoke in a formal voice.
“Let us have it then,” Dagon said, leaning back in his chair.
Deimos took the scroll and passed it on to Dagon.
Dagon broke the wax seal and flattened the parchment out on his small wooden desk.  He read through it quickly once and then more slowly a second time.
“Thank you,” he said, looking up at the soldier. “Feel free to visit our mess tent for a meal and some rest before you start back to Henge. There will be no reply.”
As soon as the soldier left, Dagon leaned forward and turned the scroll around so that Deimos could read it.
When Deimos looked up, Dagon took the scroll back and read it a third time.

My Dear Dagon,
I have been offered free passage on the new ship, the Kingdom of Henge, by Serafina.  Serafina, the twins, Tandor and I will accompany Phinn the Ambassador and his Acting Troupe to Fernland.  There I will hand out my circulars while Phinn and the troupe put on a play.  Serafina wanted to come along as did the twins.  I look forward to an extended visit as we travel south.
I am writing especially to inform you of a recent visitor to Henge that may have some bearing on our mysterious camper at Cold Lake.  A scholar from the District of Urum paid a visit to Serafina as they share an interest in ancient manuscripts.  He asked to see her library.  It seems the District of Urum is a stone’s throw from the ancient city of Kisher where writing was invented and my ring was crafted, thousands of years ago.  Serafina thinks it is too much of a coincidence even though he made no mention of my ring.  For my part, I do not know what to think, but if he circled north on leaving Henge, he could be our mysterious camper.  To my knowledge, he has committed no crime and if he is our camper, he may only have a scholar’s interest in the ring.
I will write again with my itinerary before we leave Fernland.  There is a possibility two or more of my students could establish a clinic in Henge.
With Affection,
Your Electra

“Do you think it too much of a coincidence?” Deimos asked Dagon.
“Yes, I do.” Dagon said. “That is a long way to travel to see a library.” 
Deimos read the letter again. “I have not heard of a foreign scholar here in Helsop, though we do have traders arriving daily now spring is come.”
            “Let us take a walk through the village and meet a few of these new traders,” Dagon said, heading for the door.

Dagon and Deimos went first to see Dorian the Swordmaker.  They found him at his blacksmith’s forge, enveloped in a cloud of white smoke.
“How goes the trade in swords?” Dagon asked as they waved their way through the white cloud.
Dorian took the blade he worked from its water bath and tested the sharpness with his thumb.
“Business is good as always,” he said.  “I have sold or promised all my winter’s stock and have stopped taking new orders.  I’ve begun sending traders on to our immigrant blacksmiths from Hammer Haven in Helsop’s new sector.”
“Have you noticed any traders with unusual foreign accents?” Deimos asked.
“Yes, a few,” Dorian said.  “It seems our reputation as weapons makers has expanded.  At this rate our own traders will have aught to trade when they head south.”  Dorian wiped his face with his sleeve.
“We are looking for someone who has come a long way,” Dagon said.  “From an area around the Great Sea.  His accent may sound a little like that of the men from Taz, but that is only a guess.”
Dorian set his newly crafted blade upon a circle of wood that served as a stool and leaned backward to stretch his back muscles.  “You might check with some of the Hammer Haven immigrants, perhaps Steig or Lars the Trader.  Lars is always talking with newcomers.  He speaks many tongues and makes use of that ability to open new markets for himself.  Lars is quite the opportunist.”

Dagon and Deimos refused Dorian’s offer of a drink and headed north to the area of Helsop where the Hammer Haven refugees had built their homes and forges, using recycled wood and iron from captured Vagan ships. 
They found Lars the Trader laughing with a group of men outside his trading post.
“Dagon, Deimos,” he called out, “come meet my new friends from Africa.”
The three turbaned men in rust colored gowns clasped their hands together and made short bows in Dagon’s direction.
Dagon returned a bow and ventured out in English.  “I am pleased to meet you. I am Dagon, and this is my friend Deimos.”
The three men turned to Lars for a translation.
Lars nodded as he listened to the Africans’ response.  “They say they are pleased to be here where we make superior swords and tools,” he said with a big smile.
“Are they interested in jewelry as well?” Dagon asked.
Lars tilted his head, thrown off by the unexpected question, which he dutifully translated, then smiled again.
“Yes, as it happens, they are. They have precious gems as well as hand-crafted jewelry to sell or to exchange for swords and knives.”
“Are they looking to buy any rings?” Deimos asked.
Lars’ face took on an even more puzzled expression.  “You have rings to sell?”
“No, but we are looking for any traders who might have expressed an interest in buying rings,” Dagon said.
Lars opened his mouth, then seemed to think better of whatever question he had in mind and turned to his visitors.  He translated Dagon’s question about traders interested in rings to the turbaned men, nodding encouragement as they answered.
“They say they showed their rings to a stranger they met on their way up from Fernland.  He looked at them and thought they were very fine, but said they were not the sort he sought.”
Dagon and Deimos shared a glance before Dagon asked, “Do they know where this stranger is now?”
Dagon waited impatiently while Lars translated his question and the visitors conferred among themselves.
“They say he may still be at the school of medicine.  He had a bit of frostbite on his feet and said he was going to stop in there for some salve.”
Dagon and Deimos turned and ran south toward the school of medicine without waiting to say goodbye.

Chapter 9

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra, Serafina and the twins accompanied Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey in the royal carriage on the short trip from King’s Lake to Fernland’s castle.
Electra and Serafina each held one of the twins on her lap. Electra could feel Esme’s excitement at seeing her Aunt Delphinia. She could barely sit still.
“This is a fortunate coincidence,” Delphinia began, “your arrival here just a day after we received word from Avor. I dared to hope you might agree to meet him in Taz.” She looked at Electra with a hopeful expression. “You could sail there on the Prince Avor.”
“The Kingdom of Henge is headed in that direction, as it happens,” Serafina interrupted.
Delphinia turned her face sharply to look at her sister. “It is? Phinn and his acting troupe are going to entertain in Taz?”
“We may stop in Taz,” Serafina said.
“I had no idea the acting troupe entertained so far afield,” Delphinia said. She turned back to Electra. “Did you intend to distribute your circulars along the Great Sea?”
Electra glanced at Serafina, wondering how much her foster mother intended to reveal of their real mission. “It seems a good opportunity,” she said.
Delphinia’s expression showed her confusion. She turned to Serafina. “So you intend to accompany Phinn and his actors on this ambitious tour?” She smiled at Shalin, still sitting on her mother’s lap. “And the twins as well?”
“Shalin sometimes plays her flute in these performances,” Serafina said, avoiding a direct answer.
Delphinia shook her head as though to clear it. “I see,” she said, though it was clear to Electra that she did not understand at all why Serafina would undertake such a prolonged journey for the sake of a four-year-old’s musical talents.
Delphinia tried another approach. “Of course if you were to journey aboard the Prince Avor, you could go directly to Taz with no stops along the way and then return with Avor as soon as he arrives in Taz. I think that could save a lot of time and allow the acting troupe the freedom to make as many stops along the way as needed. A much better solution, I believe.”
Serafina shrugged. “However, fewer opportunities to deliver circulars.”
They both looked at Electra for her decision.
Electra took a deep breath and smiled at her mother. “Delivering the circulars is the purpose of my voyage, after all. And as you say, Avor may not as yet have arrived in Taz.”
Delphinia did not appear ready to acquiesce. “I believe some of the Taz men are planning a trip to Taz soon, is that not so?” she asked, turning to involve King Geoffrey in the discussion.
King Geoffrey nodded. “I have asked the Caliph to join us for lunch today. My guardsmen have noticed a number of shore boats loading supplies aboard the Spirit of Taz. I intend to question him about it.”
Esme seemed unable to stay quiet any longer. “We have brought some cloth for you to see,” she said to Delphinia in a voice steeped in anticipation.
Delphinia laughed. “Exactly what I had hoped to hear.” She patted Esme’s hand. “Do you know the type of cloth you have?”
“Satin,” Esme blurted out. “Red satin.”
“Red satin!” Delphinia’s voice echoed Esme’s enthusiasm. “Perfect for making small ball gowns.”
“Yes,” Esme said, clapping her hands together.

In the great dining hall of Fernland’s castle, Electra was surprised to see Ambassador Phinn and his wife, Juanita, among the invited guests for lunch. Another surprise guest was Laleh, the Caliph’s granddaughter. The Caliph’s son, Haddad the Shipbuilder, was there as well, sitting beside his father. These were guests not normally included in the queen’s formal dinner invitations.
King Geoffrey cleared his throat as the second course, a thick soup, was served. “How goes work on the new ship?” he asked, looking in the direction of the Caliph and his son.
“Work proceeds apace on the King Geoffrey,” the Caliph said. “We have delays as trees selected for planks are felled and must now cover greater portage distances, but we are still a bit ahead of schedule.”
Everyone was surprised at this concise report, as the Caliph’s remarks usually included a good deal of amplification as well as imaginative flattery.
King Geoffrey was forced to swallow quickly, no doubt caught off guard by the Caliph’s parsimonious remarks. “My Captain of the Guard thought you might be planning a trip of some sort as he noticed some of your shore boats carrying provisions to the Spirit of Taz.”
The Caliph smiled. “Your Captain of the Guard is to be complimented on his astute observation. It is true. We have been issued a decree by the Great Khan. As you know, a decree by the Great Khan is not a thing to be ignored. My son, Haddad, has been ordered to build a fleet of bridge ships to be used in the Great Khan’s ongoing war with China. Though we do not support the Great Khan’s ambitions in that conflict—indeed, we have a faint hope that the Great Khan’s territory might shrink to the point where the City of Taz might once again belong to us, its previous owners—we find ourselves unable to refuse the Great Khan’s command.”
King Geoffrey might have finished his soup while the Caliph said the obvious, but taking no chances this time, he had left it to grow cold while he waited his turn to speak. “This sounds a long project. What of the ship you are building for Fernland?”
“Haddad’s son, Javed, will be left in charge. The framework is completed. Javed is quite capable of supervising the work that remains,” the Caliph said. “But as you say, ours will be a lengthy sojourn in Taz. The bulk of our work force will be leaving along with Haddad.”
Delphinia looked up at the Caliph. “I am so sorry your family will again be split between two homes. As it happens, our own absent son, Avor, is due to return to Taz soon. He has been two long years with the Great Khan’s Army and has now taken the opportunity to make his escape. Might we count on your son, Haddad to provide him passage home on one of your ships?”
The Caliph glanced at his son, Haddad, seated beside him. “It would, of course, be our honor to do so.”
Delphinia turned to Phinn the Ambassador. “And Phinn, how we have missed you and the entertainment you provide. I am sure you would not mind hastening your arrival in Taz as much as your schedule allows, ensuring that Electra is there to augment her brother’s speedy return home.”
Phinn looked up, surprised, no doubt, to be a part of Delphinia’s plan. “I…” He glanced at Serafina. “We have no fixed itinerary. Certainly we will do what we are able.”
“Good,” Delphinia stated. “Then all is arranged. Avor will return by one means or another.”

Chapter 10

Village of Helsop

Dagon and Deimos stopped running at the door to the school of medicine and took a moment to catch their breath.
Opening the door, Dagon looked into the dining area where most of the school’s classes were held.
“Dagon, Dagon,” Coco called out, mimicking Electra’s voice. Dagon had heard the parrot’s imitation too many times to be fooled. He knew Electra must be in Fernland by now.
A dozen students sat around the table, sorting through a variety of herbs that were still caked with mud, freshly harvested from the forest. The students looked up with curious expressions as the two men entered the room.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Dagon said. “We were told a man with frostbitten feet might be here.”
Isa, Dagon’s sister, stood up and came to meet them near the door. “He was here. Vesta took him to the clinic to treat his frostbite. Is he in some kind of trouble?”
“Too soon to tell,” Dagon said, as he and Deimos both turned and raced back through the open door.
Moments later, Dagon and Deimos rushed into the clinic, startling Vesta, who sloshed the wash pan of hot water she carried. “What has happened?” she asked, setting the wash pan down carefully.
“Sorry to alarm you,” Dagon said, looking past her to the young man seated on a cot behind her. He was slight of build with dark curly hair, cut short.  He looked to be no more than twenty years old. “We wish to have a few words with your patient if possible.”
Vesta tested the temperature of the water with her finger and spoke to her patient. “The water is still too hot. Allow it to cool to a comfortable temperature and then immerse your feet in the wash pan. I will be in the chart room in the back if you have need of me.”
Vesta left with a warning glance at Dagon and Deimos. Dagon knew all the students at the school of medicine were taught to put the needs of their patients first. That meant no interference from visitors.
Dagon and Deimos sat on the cot across from the man who may have been their mysterious camper at Cold Lake. He was most certainly the trader asking around about rings, as his frostbitten feet testified.
“I am Headman Dagon, and this is Deimos, second in command.”
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance. I am Soheil the Scholar.” He offered his hand and Dagon reached over to shake it.
“I understand you have an interest in buying rings.”
Soheil’s eyes widened a bit. “You have rings to sell?”
“No, but I wonder if you can tell me more about the type of ring you seek,” Dagon said.
Soheil reached down and stuck his finger in the water. He withdrew it but did not put his feet in as yet. “I am a scholar of antiquities. I specialize in rings with historical significance. Do you know of any rings that might meet these criteria?”
“I may. Are you looking for anything in particular?”
“In ancient times my people were astrologers. Rings made to be worn by astrologers are still especially revered.”
“How might one know if her ring was made to be worn by an astrologer?” Dagon asked.
Soheil breathed out the breath he had been holding when he heard the words, “her ring.” “I think perhaps you already know the ring I seek.”
“Will you describe it?” Deimos asked.
“It is hammered gold with seven small sapphires in the configuration of the Pleiades constellation,” Soheil said, looking Deimos in the eyes.
“And you heard such a ring is here in Helsop?” Dagon asked.
“I heard Princess Electra is here and that she now wears the ring.”
“And where did you hear this?” Dagon asked.
“From a trader at Lands End.”
“Have you been camping on Cold Lake?” Dagon asked.
“Yes, for a few days.”
“Why did you not come the shorter route from Henge after visiting Serafina?”
Soheil put his palms out in surrender. “It seems you know all there is to know about me. I will tell you the truth. I stopped first in the Gypsy Camp in Henge as gypsies often have interesting old coins and baubles to sell. They warned me that too much interest in Princess Electra could land one in Henge’s dungeon. 
Soheil looked closely at Dagon and Deimos to see if they agreed that such caution was necessary when visiting Henge. Seeing a small nod from Dagon, he continued. “You see, I heard from a bookseller at Land’s End that Princess Serafina had a good library of ancient manuscripts so I visited her at the castle but was careful not to mention Princess Electra or the ring. I have no interest in a stay in anyone’s dungeon. And I admit to taking a roundabout route to Helsop as I did not want to attract the notice of the border guards. My plan was to circle around and arrive at Helsop as a trader from the south. I did not know it would be so cold at the lake.” He wiggled his toes which were white from frostbite and tested the water temperature again with his finger.
“Why did you not announce your intentions and describe the ring you sought as soon as you arrived in Helsop?” Dagon asked.
Soheil blushed. “I should have. But to be honest, there is no way I could hope to afford such a treasure. You have no idea how long and hard we have sought after that ring. Buying it for a price that would cover the value of the gold and the gems in the ring was my only hope. Its historical significance makes it priceless. I would have been a hero to my fellow scholars had I returned with the ring.”
“I see. What exactly is the history of the ring?” Dagon asked.
Soheil lowered his chin and frowned, obviously reluctant to tell more of the ring’s true worth. “The ring is thousands of years old. It was crafted by a people long gone now who lived beyond the Great Sea in the ancient city of Kisher. They were an advanced people who first gave the world the gift of written words—men of science who watched the stars. Our first scientists. They knew secrets that are now lost to the world. Some of those secrets may be hidden in the ring.”
Dagon and Deimos sat on the edge of the cot, fascinated with Soheil’s tale.
Soheil pulled the wash pan closer and tested it one final time before immersing his feet in the warm water. He looked up at Dagon.
“Is there any chance of my purchasing the ring with my limited funds now that you know it’s true worth?”
Dagon did not answer Soheil’s question. Instead he asked one of his own. “How many other people are looking for this ring?”

Chapter 11

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra sat at the breakfast table in Fernland’s castle with Queen Delphinia, Princess Serafina and the twins. The dishes had been cleared and King Geoffrey had excused himself earlier claiming urgent matters of business. Electra suspected he did not wish to linger in the presence of his wife and the woman he had jilted two decades earlier.
The twins brought out their pieces of satin for their Aunt Delphinia’s inspection.
“I came across a new design recently that you may find of interest,” Delphinia said to her eager nieces. “It involves an insert of a contrasting color down the front of the skirt.” She made a little sketch of the dress design on a scrap of parchment. “What do you think?” she asked.
The twins set to work holding up pieces of satin, side-by-side, to determine which colors worked well together.
Serafina stood up. “May I leave the twins with you for a time?” she asked her sister. “I need to return to King’s Lake to make preparations to set sail for Taz.”
Delphinia looked up. “Certainly,” she said, returning her attention quickly to the task at hand.
A few minutes after Serafina left, Electra stood up as well. “I need to send a message to Dagon. He supposed I was only traveling as far as Lands End to hand out my circulars.”
Delphinia reached across the table to take Electra’s hand. “Geoffrey and I so appreciate your doing this for us. Do you think Dagon will be upset with us for asking this favor of you?”
“No, I am sure not,” Electra said, although she felt a little guilty for not admitting that she herself planned going even farther than Taz, and had yet to inform Dagon of her own subterfuge. “We all wish Avor home as soon as possible.” This much at least was true. Dagon had no desire to be King Geoffrey’s replacement should her father need to absent himself for any reason.
“It almost seems a dream after these many months,” Delphinia said, “to have our son back home.” She held a piece of red satin to her cheek, then smiled and set it down with a thoughtful expression. “Are you quite sure you would not rather journey on the Prince Avor where the crew would be yours to command? Many of the Taz men are returning there now to build the Great Khan’s ships. It would be no problem to gather a crew.”
“Thank you, but as you, I enjoy the company of Esme and Shalin.”
Delphinia hugged her two nieces to her and kissed the tops of two silky-haired heads. “I do indeed enjoy having them here. I am sorry Avor’s message has made for a short visit. I hope perhaps you might all stay longer on your return from entertaining in foreign ports.” She looked down at her two nieces. “And we will look forward to seeing both of you acting in one of Phinn’s wonderful plays when you return. We will have much to celebrate.”
“After I send off my message and distribute a few circulars, I will stop by to say farewell,” Electra said.
“Nonsense,” Delphinia said. “We will all ride together in the royal carriage to King’s Lake where we will give you a proper sendoff.”

Electra sat at a small desk in her room at the castle, quill in hand, as she composed her message.

My Dearest Dagon,
I suppose you have received the urgent message sent to Helsop by my parents by now. Avor seems on the final leg of his long journey and should be in Taz soon. As you may imagine, my parents are very excited by this news and have asked Phinn if he might change his itinerary and journey to Taz where we could pick up Avor and bring him home.
Phinn and Serafina have agreed to do this as have I. I hope this will meet with your approval. We may be a little delayed in our return if Avor has not yet reached Taz.
I considered sending Tandor back to Helsop with this message but doubt that he would go. He takes his role as my guardian very seriously, so I will ask him to accompany me.
With affection,
Your Electra

Electra knew Dagon would see this attempt to act in a way to meet with his approval as the token gesture it was. He would not want her to go to Taz under any circumstances. Of that she was certain. Nevertheless, her parents’ plea had given her a viable excuse to go to Taz, if not all the way to Kisher.
Message in hand, Electra walked through the marketplace, dropping off circulars at stands along the way to the drawbridge where a few palace guards always waited, ready to carry messages at the King’s command.
The gate sentry recognized Electra as a member of the royal family. “I will send the scroll along immediately to one of the guardsmen.”
 She thought for a moment before responding.  “There is no need to rush.  In fact, why not wait until you have a second message going to Helsop. Then you can deliver them both in the same trip.”
“As you wish, Your Majesty,” the sentry said.
Electra pushed her guilt at delaying the message aside and walked back through the marketplace to the barracks of the palace guard. Tandor always chose to stay at the barracks when visiting Fernland.
“Would you send word to Tandor that I need to speak to him?” she asked one of the soldiers standing outside the door to the barracks.
The soldier looked at her curiously. He did not recognize her.
“I am Princess Electra. Tandor is my guardian. He is a guest at your barracks.”
The soldier seemed embarrassed not to have recognized a member of the royal family. He saluted smartly.
“Immediately, Your Majesty.” He turned and walked briskly through the door, calling out, “Tandor, have we a Tandor within?”
Tandor came out a few minutes later. “Are we leaving?” he asked.
Electra steadied her features. “We are leaving for Taz as it happens. We are to meet Prince Avor there and transport him back to Fernland.” She let out a breath. “It is a long story. Perhaps you could gather your belongings and I will explain all to you on the way back to the castle.”

A few hours later, a great crowd was gathered on the beach at King’s Lake. Phinn and his acting troupe along with Electra, Tandor, Serafina and the twins, were ready to embark on the Kingdom of Henge. Many of the Taz men were ready to sail on the Spirit of Taz. Electra was interested to see Laleh, her former student, among those departing.
“You are returning to Taz?” Electra asked
“My father insisted I go with him to Taz. I argued to stay as there is no one to replace me here as physician,” Laleh said.
“But who will take care of injuries in your absence?”
Laleh shrugged. “I have an assistant who will do what she is able.”
Electra withdrew a circular from her bag.
Laleh read it and rushed to take it to the Caliph.
The Caliph approached a few minutes later, holding the circular. “Do you think one of your graduates would be able to take Laleh’s place here at King’s Lake?” he asked.
“Most assuredly,” Electra said. “You have only to send a message to Dagon requesting it. You might mention one student in particular. Her name is Vesta and she may wish to bring another student with her. They could stay in my cottage here at the lake.”
The Caliph smiled. “I will most certainly send for them,” he said with a bow. “Fair weather to you on your journey.”
“And to your family as well,” Electra said, happy to have found a place for Vesta in Fernland.

An hour later, goodbyes said and provisions stored, those aboard the Kingdom of Henge waved their goodbyes as those ashore waved back, shouting their hopes for a speedy return.

Chapter 12

Village of Helsop

Dagon walked through the village from his cottage to militia headquarters considering the message he had received the night before from Fernland. It had been addressed to Electra, but he had no qualms about breaking the seal since Electra was now in Fernland herself and would know of the news directly from King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia. Prince Avor was coming home, the message stated. He was glad to hear the news as it would solve his own predicament as King Geoffrey’s chosen stand-in.
He would likely have gone with Electra to Fernland since King Geoffrey had requested they both come immediately, but now that Electra was already in Fernland, he decided to wait to see if she would send for him. He did not want to leave Helsop before he knew more about the intentions of Soheil the Scholar.
Deimos was waiting at militia headquarters when Dagon arrived.
“Any new revelations from our scholar?” Dagon asked.
Deimos shook his head. “He seems content to stay here in Helsop until Princess Electra returns. I have a guard posted outside his tent to advise him that he is not free to leave as yet, should he take a notion to do so, but for now he shows no signs of wishing to leave.”
“Do you believe he is telling the truth when he says no one else is looking for the ring to his knowledge?” Dagon asked.
Deimos shrugged. “I would guess there are not many learned enough to appreciate its historical significance. Serafina knows, of course, but she is not likely to tell anyone other than Electra.”
 Dagon nodded. “She did not mention the ring to Soheil. Of course, neither did he mention his quest for the ring to Serafina.” Dagon thought for a moment. “We should ask him if he knows how the ring came to be at the bottom of Cold Lake these thousands of years later where the fishermen of Thebes River found it in their nets.”
Deimos brightened a little at the mention of this mystery. “Yes, we should. If it were only recently arrived in Cold Lake, it is more likely whoever took it there is desperate to find it.”

Dagon and Deimos walked through the village on their way to the tent assigned to Soheil.  They approached the drawbridge to Helsop’s castle.
Dagon and Electra were reluctant to take up residence in the newly finished castle.  They still shared Dagon’s small cottage, feeling the castle keep would seem too large for just the two of them.
All of Helsop were very proud of their castle, nonetheless, and used it for drying and storing fish for the village.
“I thought we might move our fishing boats out to the lake sometime this week,” Dagon said. “Have you checked our supply of preserved fish of late?”
“No,” Deimos said. “Shall we take a look?”
They veered off to cross the drawbridge and walked between the high walls surrounding the castle.  The smell of fish filled the courtyard.
Dagon checked the barrels of salted fish while Deimos looked over the racks of dried fish.
“Not much left on the racks,” Deimos reported. “Another week’s worth, perhaps.”
“The same for the salted,” Dagon said. “We had best schedule a boat shifting day tomorrow.”
“Yes, it is time,” Deimos said with a smile. “We survived another winter.”
Dagon nodded. “Now we shall see what challenges Spring has to offer.”

“Hello the scholar,” Dagon called outside Soheil’s tent.
Soheil stepped outside the tent flap. “I was just on my way to the mess tent in hopes of finding some breakfast,” Soheil said.
“We will accompany you,” Dagon said in a friendly tone. “We have thought of another question we would like to ask.”

The three men sat on a bench inside the tent, eating a breakfast of fish and bread.
“One of our traders found the ring you seek in a fishing village near the River Thebes. The fishermen had brought it up from the bottom of Cold Lake. He had held onto it for some time, waiting for a buyer with enough money to cover the value of the gold and jewels. The trader paid his price and then sold it to me. No one knows how the ring came to be at the bottom of Cold Lake or how long it may have lain there.”
“In Cold Lake? The same lake where I pitched my tent?  Was it found close to here?” Soheil asked.
“No, very far from here. The other end of Cold Lake, a fortnight’s sail from here. Have you any idea how or when it came to be there?”
Soheil shook his head. “When Kisher was overrun by invaders from the South, many of the learned men struck off in different directions, taking their knowledge of astrology with them. Eventually the city died out and was used as a stopping place for nomadic groups. This would have been some fifteen hundred years ago. The ring might have been carried north on the hand of an astrologer or found by nomads and carried north or sold in their migrations.”
Dagon frowned. It seemed that mystery would not be solved. “Do you know who made the ring and first wore it?”
“We have no definite records, but it was very old when the first picture of it was made. Many think Melchar, King Jush’s chief astrologer and advisor, may have made it or commissioned it.” Soheil’s eyes grew wide with excitement as he spoke.
Dagon cut a piece of fish, speared it with his knife and tipped it into his mouth, chewing as he thought.
“I can see why you wish to recover it,” he said.
“Do you think Princess Electra might consider selling it to me?” Soheil asked in a soft voice.
“She might, if she felt you had a justified claim to it.” He watched hope grow in Soheil’s face. “But it may be some time before she returns from delivering her circulars. She may go on to Lands End if she has no luck in Fernland. We should be hearing something from her soon.”

Chapter 13

Oasis of Maru

Avor stepped outside his yurt at the edge of the lake. The perfume of date palm blossoms filled the air around the oasis. Avor stretched and splashed some lake water on his face. Today marked day twenty of Maru’s wait for a message naming the new King of Hormu. Perhaps today would be the day that determined his fate for the next two years—a long journey back to Khara Khara or a return to his home in Fernland.
Princess Cogatin and her attendants had taken up residence in a group of yurts further down the shore. Avor recognized her slender form at the lake’s edge. She watched the sky as her gyrfalcon circled above, its feathers glowing in the rising sun.
From the yurt beside Avor’s, Ansolve’s wife, Aliya emerged with a bucket to draw water from the lake.
Both Aliya and Ansolve had been drafted into the Great Khan’s army after their city was conquered by Barburee. Their parents had been executed.  Only Ansolve’s work as an engineer and crossbow maker had saved the pair.
Avor spent a lot of time in Ansolves’s yurt learning the craft of crossbow construction.  It was a weapon he hoped to introduce into Fernland when he finally returned home.
Aliya smiled at Avor. “Come for breakfast,” she said. “We have fresh eggs from the market.”
Avor nodded. “Thank you. I will be along in a few minutes.” He ducked back into his yurt to bring out the caged gyrfalcon Cogatin had helped him to train.
He held out his wrist as he removed the bird’s hood and the bird hopped on. He had not given the bird a name. Cogatin had been rigid in her belief that the birds were not to be treated as pets – only as hunting companions.
He walked with the bird down the beach to where Cogatin stood, watching her own bird circle overhead.
“Good morning, Princess,” he said. “Any news?”
“Not as yet,” she said.
“I see Minab has taken an interest in falconry.”
Cogatin glanced over to where Minab stood, supposedly watering his horse at the lake while watching the bird circle.
“He does seem interested,” she said. “He comes often to watch.”  Her face remained a closed mask.
Avor studied her face.  He would have expected nothing less.  Barburee royalty did not typically reveal their feelings in their facial expressions, but she had to be encouraged by Minab’s apparent interest in her activities. She must know that such attention was indicative of a strong attraction.
Avor untied a leather thong on his wrist and lifted his arm to allow his bird to fly free.
“My men tell me he has no wife as yet.”
“My ladies tell me the same,” Cogatin said.
In comfortable silence, they watched their birds fly for a few minutes. Then Avor took out a piece of meat he had tied to a string and swung it in a high arc. His bird dove down swiftly and plucked it from the air.
After allowing the bird a few bites, Avor gently placed it on his wrist and secured it to his armband.
“Your bird has a good eye,” Cogatin said.
Avor nodded. “She does.”
“You have trained her well.”
“If I am a good trainer, it is because I, myself, had a good teacher in the art of falconry,” Avor said with a smile.
Cogatin’s lips curved up slightly at the compliment.

Avor walked back to Ansolve’s yurt. Inside, Aliya sat on the floor of the yurt feeding tiny bites of egg to her young son.
Ansolve sat cross-legged near the fire, sanding a bow. His face had a slight Oriental cast, but looked more Persian than a typical Barburee soldier would. He gestured for Avor to sit down beside him.
“Any news?” Ansolve asked.
“None as yet. It has only been twenty days,” Avor said.
“If Minab is chosen, will we return to Khara Khara to rejoin the Army?” Ansolve asked.
“I will go to Taz and then on to Fernland for a visit, if I am allowed,” Avor said.
Ansolve’s expression turned hopeful. “Could you take us with you?”
Avor shrugged. “If it were allowed.”
Ansolve frowned “And if it were not allowed, would you allow us to escape and return to Tamra?”
“Your city is Barburee’s now. If you returned you would likely be killed.”
Ansolve threw the bow down with an angry oath.
Avor said nothing. He could empathize with Ansolve’s anger. He was not sure himself if he would be allowed to leave the Great Khan’s Army even though he had never officially become a part of it. He was only a fellow traveler with his friend Bataar, who happened to be the Great Khan’s son.

After breakfast, Avor wandered through the bazaar and bought a new carving knife good for working wood. He had learned how to make crossbows from Ansolve and would soon be able to re-create the fearsome weapon on his own.
The marketplace stilled as a Barburee soldier rode through carrying a leather satchel on his shoulder, the mark of one of the Great Khan’s messengers.
One by one, the traders in the marketplace ceased their business dealings to discuss the likelihood that this messenger carried the long-awaited decision as to who would succeed Argon as king.
The sound of a trumpet announcing the arrival of a messenger from the Great Khan alerted those inside their yurts.  A crowd began to gather close to Minab’s yurt.
 Minab himself stood at attention outside his yurt as the messenger reined in to an abrupt halt, slid off his horse and handed a rolled message to Minab.
A few Barburee generals pushed through the crowd to Minab’s yurt as the young man silently scanned the message from the Great Khan. 
Minab looked up and nodded at the closest general, holding out the message. “You may inform the people,” he said, with a solemn expression.
The general held up the message and addressed the gathered crowd in a loud voice. “Men of Barburee, bow before your new king – King Minab of Hormu Province.”
King Minab held up his hands for silence.  “I hereby declare tomorrow to be a day of celebration.  We will have feasting, horse racing and wrestling. We give thanks for the Great Khan’s attention to our province.”

That night Avor stopped by Cogatin’s yurt. She came to the open flap.
“It appears our long wait has ended,” she said.
“Has the new king asked you to be his wife?” Avor asked.
“Not as yet,” she said, “but I believe he may. We shall know tomorrow.”
Avor nodded. “Until tomorrow then.” He walked back to his chosen place by the lake. It was a beautiful spot, surrounded by date palms, lit golden by the setting sun. Tomorrow he would either be on his way back to Khara Khara or back to Fernland by way of Taz.

Chapter 14

Oasis at Maura

The next morning Avor saw King Minab standing outside Cogatin’s yurt with two horses, his own dun-colored Barburee horse, and the second, a rare white Barburee horse with its saddle trimmed in jewels. Avor knew that this simple act was the Barburee equivalent of a marriage proposal.
Cogatin came to the yurt’s opening dressed rather more regally than usual in a blue silk square-necked robe laced with pearls. Her hair was done up into black wings. The two exchanged a few words and Cogatin went back into her tent. She reemerged with her falcon in its cage and presented it to King Minab. He took the bird along with a leather armband and brought the white horse forward.
Cogatin admired the horse, brushing out the long mane with her fingers and running her hand over the jewels on the saddle horn. She mounted the horse and they rode the short distance to King Minab’s yurt. Entering the yurt together would seal the marriage contract.
Avor felt a pang of loss, watching as they entered the yurt hand in hand. After all these months Cogatin’s safety was no longer his responsibility.  He tried to rein in his feelings but could not seem to shake off a vague emptiness.

Avor watched from a distance as Barburee soldiers and foreign traders celebrated. Horse races took place outside the gates of the city and wrestling matches were held at a flat patch near the lake. Anyone lucky enough to be visiting Maru on that day was invited to attend, as were all of Avor’s two hundred men. He watched as guests consumed their fill of free food and fermented mare’s milk. Many were tipsy by afternoon, but he was quite sober and began making plans to leave.

That evening Avor called a meeting of all twenty captains of his ten-man units as well as the two leaders of each one-hundred man unit.
“I will not be returning with you to Khara Khara,” he began. “I need to pay a visit to my own kingdom of Fernland. It has been my great honor to serve the Great Khan on this mission to deliver the new Queen of Hormu to the new king. You have all done well in your service to the Great Khan,” he added, though they had not been called upon to make many sacrifices along the way, thanks to the golden tablet.
“I will now hand over the golden tablet to our two commanders of one hundred. You may carry it jointly through the lands you will traverse on your way to rejoin the Great Khan’s Army. It has been my great pleasure to serve beside you these many months.” He paused, wondering if there was anything he was forgetting. “Have you any questions?”
One of his commanders of one hundred asked, “When should we leave?”
“You may decide that among yourselves. I suppose you might confer with King Minab to be sure nothing else is required of you here, but other than that courtesy, I see no reason for you to delay.”
The other commander of one hundred asked, “Will you not require an escort on your way to your kingdom?”
Prince Avor considered this and realized he did not know the way to Taz from here. He had already decided he would take Ansolve and his family with him to Taz, where he would ask General Unegen’s permission to take him on to Fernland, but Ansolve would not know the way to Taz either.
“It would be helpful to have a man who is familiar with the routes from here to Taz and also the languages along the way. From Taz I plan to go by ship to Fernland.”
The commander frowned, probably at the idea of going anywhere on a conveyance other than horseback. One man was selected from among his one hundred. “Noyon will go with you,” he said.
Noyon did not look too happy to have been chosen and would likely have been better off traveling with whoever was in possession of the golden tablet, but he did not complain.
Avor gathered up his few belongings and went to find Ansolve.
At Ansolve’s yurt, Avor found Aliya bathing her son to ready him for bed.
“Where is Ansolve?” he asked.
Aliya turned her face away. Then she looked up with a plaintive expression. “He may have gone to sell some of his arrows in the marketplace.”
Avor knew as well as Aliya that this was an act punishable by death. The arrows Ansolve made were the property of the Great Khan.
“I will find him,” Avor said. He could make no promises. If one of the Barburee officers saw Ansolve committing such a crime, there was nothing he could do to save him. “Say nothing to anyone else.”
Avor ran to the marketplace. He found Ansolve talking to a weapons dealer. He still had the leather quiver full of arrows slung over his shoulder.
“Ansolve, there you are,” he said, stepping between Ansolve and the weapons dealer. “You must come quickly. Something has happened.”
With these vague words, he drew his friend away from the market.
“Is it Aliya?” Ansolve asked.
“No, it is you, my friend,” Avor said. “Have you tired of living?”
Ansolve blushed. “Aliya told you. I was only making inquiries. I had not decided.”
“Even inquiries could prove fatal,” Avor said.
Ansolve looked at the ground. “You are leaving. I can’t go back to the Khan’s Army.”
“You will be coming with me to Taz,” Avor said. “I just made the announcement that I would be leaving and no one questioned it. You were one of my personal picks to accompany me. If you simply come along I do not think anyone will object. They are sending Noyon along with me as a guide.”
Ansolve’s eyes grew wide. “Aliya and my son too?”
“Of course.”
Ansolve smiled and clasped Avor shoulder. “Thank you.”
“Remember, say nothing. Simply pack your things and be ready to leave at dawn as though it is to be expected.” Avor was quiet for a moment. “I have one favor to ask of you.”
“Anything,” Ansolve said.

That night Avor packed up all the accessories for his gyrfalcon and with Ansolve’s help, wrote a note to Princess Cogatin.

To the Queen of Hormu
Please accept this bird as a wedding gift from your faithful escort and falconry student,
Prince Avor

“Leave it with one of her lady attendants,” Avor said. “She will see that the Queen receives it.”

The next morning at dawn, Avor, Noyon and Ansolve’s family slipped out of the oasis without saying goodbye to anyone.


Chapter 15

Port City of Taz

Electra was glad to see the city of Taz come into view. She had felt a little seasick on this voyage although she had not suffered from the ship’s motion on previous voyages. She felt anxious to put her feet on dry land once again.
 Of the other passengers aboard the Kingdom of Henge, only four—Tandor, Phinn, Bear and Smiles—had been to Taz before. All those aboard stood at the railing to view the beautiful city of white marble buildings and lush gardens.
“It is a lovely port,” Electra said, joining Serafina at the rail.
“I have not seen its like,” Serafina said.
“You can see why the Taz people still hold out hope of reclaiming it as their own,” Electra said.
Serafina nodded. “Indeed.” Serafina lifted Esme up to the railing to allow her a better view. “We seem to be the only ship in the harbor.”
Electra picked up Shalin and sat her on the railing alongside Esme while still holding her tightly. “This is a fast ship. Like its sister ship it was built for speed. The Taz fleet should be along within a day or two.”
“Perhaps you should go ashore first and see if your brother is here,” Serafina said.
“Yes, that would be best. I am known here. It is hard to predict how the Barburee soldiers would react to strangers,” Electra agreed.
“Where are the Barburee soldiers? I see no sign of life in the city other than the bubbling water fountains.”
“They live beyond the walls of the city in their yurts. It is their preference. They keep their sheep and horses close by, as well as other livestock.”
As they spoke they saw a few riders come through the rear opening in the city’s wall. They galloped up to the edge of the water and stopped there, shading their eyes to study the small ship that had dared to enter their harbor.
“I had best go quickly and try to find a translator,” Electra said. “I will ask for people I know, such as Magsa or Odval. That should put their minds to rest.”
A shore boat was lowered and Electra climbed down to sit beside the Henge seaman who was chosen to row her ashore. “Do you speak English?” she asked with a hopeful expression.
“Little, little. No much,” he said.
“It is no matter,” she said. “They will know me.”

As soon as she stepped ashore she said, “English?”
This got no reaction, though one of the men seemed to recognize her.
“Odval? Magsa?” She made a rocking motion with her arms as though she were rocking an infant. “Monge?”
The soldier who recognized her smiled and said something to the soldier beside him. That man slid off his horse and pointed to the horse with his hand.
Electra mounted the horse and rode through the city beside the man who seemed to know her. She stopped at Magsa’s yurt and the soldier left her there.
“Hello,” she called out “Magsa, are you here?”
From the yurt next to Magsa, Electra heard voices. That was the yurt of Odval, Bataar’s wife. Magsa stepped out, holding Monge in her arms.
“Electra, you come visit Monge?” she asked.
“What a big boy he has become,” Electra said, holding out her arms to see if Monge would come to her.
Monge looked away and snuggled deeper into Magsa’s chest. Magsa laughed. “You come visit Odval?”
“Of course I will say hello if you will translate, but I have really come to see if my brother, Avor, has returned to Taz as yet.”
“Not see brother. Come, see Odval.”
Electra walked through the flap of the yurt where Odval squatted before a small fire, roasting pieces of mutton. She looked up and gave a long greeting in her own language, ignoring as usual the fact that Electra could not understand her.
Magsa translated. “She heard us talking. She says why you look here when brother with Great Khan in China?”
“The Great Khan sent Avor to accompany the future wife of the King of Hormu to her new home. He plans to come here and head back to Fernland after he has delivered her safely.”
A long conversation ensued between Magsa and Odval. Electra began to wonder if they had both forgotten she was still here with them.
Finally Magsa turned back to Electra. “King of Hormu is die. Who is send to marry?”
“He died?” Electra was shocked. What would happen to Avor now? What would happen to the woman he was sent to escort? Electra tried to remember if her brother had mentioned the name of the woman chosen to marry the king. No name came to mind.
“I do not know the name of the woman chosen to marry the king. What will happen to her now?”
Magsa shrugged. “Maybe marry new king?” She spoke again at length to Odval. This seemed to be a topic of intense interest to the two women.
Electra decided she might be here all day if she did not interrupt.
“Do you know where Physician Rabar is? I did not see anyone in the city when we arrived.”
“May be look for plants some time?” Magsa shrugged again.
Odval asked a question which Magsa translated. “You stay? Wait for brother?”
That was a good question, Electra thought. Should she ask permission to bring her shipmates ashore? Would they be allowed to wait in the vacant houses of Taz?
“I do not know yet. I should speak to Physician Rabar.” Electra decided it would be wise to leave at once before Odval thought of some charm or hex she might want Electra to make for her. Odval had demanded such charms many times in the past. “I will try to stop by later.” She made a hasty exit and mounted the horse that had been loaned to her. 
She rode out to the edge of the broad meadow where Barburee herds grazed, to an area she knew Rabar frequented. She found him there on his knees, pulling a plant from the ground.
“Physician Rabar, hello.”
Rabar stood up, surprised to see his former apprentice.
“Electra? When did you arrive? Is the Taz fleet here?”
“Not yet but they are on their way. Almost all the Taz workers are returning to build the Great Khan’s bridge ships.”
“Yes, I knew they had been summoned,” he said with a worried expression. Then his face brightened as he turned his full attention to his former medical student. “I am delighted to see you, but surely you did not come this distance just to visit me.”
“I have been sent to fetch my brother but he is not yet arrived and now I fear he may be delayed.”
Electra told him a short version of her brother’s assignment, then noticed from the position of the sun in the sky that she had been gone some time.
“I must go to tell my shipmates what has happened. We may decide to leave for a time and return later to check again.” With those words, she swung herself up into the saddle and rode at a gallop back to where the shore boat waited to ferry her back to the ship.

Chapter 16

Port City of Taz

Electra arrived back at the Kingdom of Henge to find Take the Thief, or rather, Phinn the Ambassador, pacing the deck. He helped her over the railing as she climbed aboard from the rope ladder hanging over the side.
“We were beginning to worry,” Phinn said. 
Electra knew he had once been required to come to Taz to join the Great Khan’s Army and likely did not relish the idea of falling into such a situation again. It was not surprising that Phinn would worry about anyone who went ashore here in Barburee territory.
“I found my old mentor, Physician Rabar, but Avor has not yet arrived,” she said.
Phinn frowned. “We can’t wait forever. What if Prince Avor has decided to go overland to Fernland instead?”
Electra was quiet for a moment, thinking. Phinn still did not know that she planned to go on to Kisher with Serafina. They could only go as far as the eastern border of the Great Sea in a ship the size of the Kingdom of Henge. The remainder of the trip to Kisher would be along rivers in small boats or overland on foot or horseback. Could she justify asking Phinn to wait aboard the Kingdom of Henge while she and Serafina went on their unscheduled odyssey? Serafina would probably not hesitate to ask that of him but it felt wrong to Electra.
“Perhaps we could wait here until the Taz fleet arrives. They could not be more than a day or two behind us.”
“Why? What difference will their arrival make?” Phinn asked.
Instead of answering, Electra said, “Let me just have a word with Serafina. Is she below deck?”
“No, she went ashore with the twins,” Phinn said
“She went ashore?” Electra shuddered to think what trouble her foster mother might cause ashore in a Barburee city.
“Yes. Tandor rowed her ashore. He wanted to check on you.”
Electra shook her head in frustration. “She is not known here. It could be dangerous. I had best go after her.”
“Would you like me to row you ashore?” Phinn asked.
 “I would appreciate it,” Electra said.

Electra and Phinn found Tandor, Serafina and the twins taking a tour of the gardens in Taz. The twins were quite taken with the colorful flowers and the bubbling water fountains. Serafina smiled when Electra and Phinn caught up to them.
 “The architecture here is quite remarkable,” Serafina said. “I am surprised the Barburee invaders have not taken up occupancy here in the city.”
Electra looked to the opening in the wall that surrounded the city. “They prefer to live in their yurts close to their herds, ready to move on at a moment’s notice.” Electra pointed toward the opening in the wall. “They are camped just outside the walls of the city. It is not a safe place for strangers.”
“Then I must become acquainted,” Serafina said.
Electra grimaced. “It may not be safe. In fact it is most certainly dangerous. They have little tolerance for visitors”
“Have you found Prince Avor?” Serafina asked.
“He has not arrived as yet. I fear he may be delayed. King Argon has died and the promised bride Avor is escorting now has no king to marry. I do not know what Avor will do. I suppose he and the princess will have to await new orders from the Great Khan. It may take some time.”
Electra looked out to sea. “I would feel more comfortable staying aboard ship until the Taz fleet arrives. Right now there are very few people living in the city. We are sure to be noticed and questioned. I do not want to say we are here to take Prince Avor home, as he may not yet be officially discharged from the Great Khan’s Army.”
“Why would we say that?” Serafina asked. “We are here to put on a show and you are here to give out circulars.”
Electra’s eyes opened wide, as did Phinn’s.
“You want us to put on a show for the Barburee soldiers camped outside the city?” Phinn asked.
“Why not? Perhaps we might gather a bit of intelligence while we are here,” Serafina said.
Phinn’s eyes seemed to beseech Electra for help.
“I am sure the Taz fleet will be here in a day or so,” Electra said. You could perhaps put on a show for them. We could invite the soldiers left here as well, though I do not know if they would come. The Barburee soldiers know me and they know Tandor. We have been guests here before.” Electra tried to calm Phinn’s fears but actually shared his fears for the most part.

Physician Rabar stopped by the makeshift stage the actors were erecting. “Are you going to put on a play?” he asked.
Phinn shrugged. “It was Serafina’s idea.”
“Where is Electra?” Rabar asked.
Phinn thrust his chin in the direction of the Caliph’s house. “I think they plan to stay in the rooms they were given the last time Electra was here.”
Rabar nodded and walked away in that direction.

 He found Electra sitting in the garden watching as Esme and Shalin played near a fountain.
“Phinn the Ambassador is erecting a stage,” he said.
“I know.” She threw up her hands in a gesture of surrender. “I do not know what to do. Serafina wants me to go with her to Kisher, the place where my ring was made thousands of years ago. It seems one or more persons have been following the trail of the ring. It has spells embedded in it that we have yet to completely uncover.” She leaned in closer and held up her hand with the ring on her third finger. “This may have been the ring of an ancient and powerful astrologer.” 
She pulled the ring from her finger and handed it to Physician Rabar. “It may have great significance to the descendants of those who first fashioned it. Serafina thinks we need to find out more about the ring and why those who follow it are willing to travel long distances to find it.”
Physician Rabar held the ring close to his eyes to study it. “I have never seen work exactly like this before. Judging by the purity of the gold, I would agree that it is ancient and likely was made for someone very rich and powerful.” He handed the ring back to Electra. “Kisher, you say. I have heard of this ancient city. It is inland from where the Great Sea reaches its eastern boundary.”
“Yes, that is another problem. We will have to separate from our ship to go inland from the Great Sea. It could be a prolonged trip.”
“You will pass by Pergama. Have you heard of it?”
“Pergama? I do not believe so. What do you know of it?”
“It was once a great center of medicine. I have always wanted to go there to see what is left of it if anything. Perhaps I should journey there with you.”
Electra felt great relief at Rabar’s words. “I would be so grateful. Neither Serafina nor I know the languages of the kingdoms we will be traversing.” 
She stopped for a moment and looked around to make sure no one was listening. “Phinn the Ambassador and his troupe do not know what Serafina and I have planned.”
Physician Rabar looked to the cloudless blue sky as he thought. “Perhaps when the fleet arrives, Haddad will be grateful for the entertainment provided by Phinn and his acting troupe. We may prevail upon him to use one of our ships to drop us off at the edge of the Great Sea. That would leave Phinn free to go his own way.”
Electra clasped her hands to her chest as her expression softened. “I feel that your plan has some chance of success whereas our plan, if one could even call it a plan to simply set out for Kisher, seemed unrealistic at best. I cannot thank you enough.”
“You were my apprentice. I can hardly allow you to go off on a dangerous mission without me.” 
Rabar’s smile reflected his own relief in being asked to accompany her. The realization of how much he cared about her safety brought tears to Electra’s eyes.

Chapter 17

City of Taz

The next day, the Taz fleet sailed into the port of Taz and thousands of men, women and children took up residency, many in the homes that they had occupied before the Barburee army invaded. The Barburee people did not know that the shipbuilders they had hired from Fernland’s boat works were the same people who had fled during the night several years ago as Barburee soldiers tunneled under the walls of the city of Taz.
Haddad the Shipbuilder came by to investigate the new construction in Taz and was surprised to see Phinn the Ambassador erecting a stage within the walls of his former city. “What are you doing?” Haddad asked in a blunt fashion.
Phinn shrugged. “Serafina said we should put on a show for your boat workers and the Barburee soldiers camped outside the walls.”
“Why?” Haddad asked.
Phinn pursed his lips, as though trying to think of a plausible reason. “It is what we were sent to do, after all. I mean, not here in Taz, but in foreign kingdoms. We are supposed to spread goodwill on Henge’s behalf.”
Haddad squinted his eyes as though trying to solve a riddle. “Again, I am forced to ask, why? Why would Prince Blackwell want our goodwill, or Barburee’s, for that matter?”
Phinn had certainly sought Haddad’s goodwill when the boat builders had been in charge of constructing the theater for the acting troupe in Fernland many years ago. The actors had brought the Taz builders sweet rolls on a daily basis to try to speed up the building process. But here, now, where the boat builders were working on a contract for the Great Khan, it was obvious that Henge had nothing to gain from the boat builders, who were no longer even the owners of their conquered city.
Phinn shrugged again. “Come to our play or not as you choose. It is free.”
Haddad considered Phinn again with a suspicious expression before tilting his head and allowing a smile to transform his face. “If it is free, we will all, of course, be there.”
Electra and Physician Rabar walked up to join Phinn and Haddad.
“Did you know about this play?” Haddad asked his brother, Rabar.
Rabar nodded. “We hoped you might enjoy the play enough to grant a small favor.”
Haddad’s eyebrows lifted. “Aha! Now this unexpected treat begins to make sense.” He centered his attention on Electra. “Is it you who asks the favor?”
Rabar brought his brother’s attention back in his direction with a wave of his hand. “It is both of us. Electra and Serafina plan to go on an excursion inland of the Great Sea’s eastern boundary. They will be passing through Pergama, a place of fabled medical import that I have always wished to visit. Electra was kind enough to invite me along and I suggested we might borrow one of the fleet’s ships for a short time to take us to the sea’s edge. This would free up Phinn and his acting troupe to get back to his scheduled goodwill stops.”
Phinn leaned closer, digesting Rabar’s words. “This is the first I have heard of this trip inland. Whose idea is this?” He gave Electra an accusing look. “Does Prince Blackwell know what you have planned?”
“I am sure Serafina must have told him,” Electra said in an unconvincing tone of voice.
“This sounds somewhat dangerous to me,” Phinn said. “Will Tandor be going with you?”
“I have not actually told Tandor as yet,” Electra said, not meeting Phinn’s eyes. “He will likely choose to go.”
“I’ll just bet he will,” Phinn said, his manner becoming heated. “He won’t want to go back to Helsop to face Dagon without you, just like I won’t want to go back to Henge to face Prince Blackwell without Serafina and the twins.”
“You have many kingdoms to visit and entertain. I am sure we will return to Henge before you do,” Electra said.
“And if we take the Kingdom of Henge to Sandovia, how do you propose to get back to Henge?” Phinn asked.
Electra looked at Rabar and then at Haddad. “We need to delay our return until Prince Avor gets here in any case. He has been delayed by King Argon’s untimely death. By the time he arrives, one of the Taz fleet may be ready to make a return trip to Fernland. They still have to oversee the work on King Geoffrey’s new ship at King’s Lake.” She cast a hopeful glance in Haddad’s direction.
Rabar also glanced at his brother. “It might be a politic gesture to be the one who delivers Prince Avor back to his parents in Fernland.”
Haddad nodded. “That would not be a problem. We would be grateful for the opportunity to gain King Geoffrey’s goodwill. We plan to go back to Fernland intermittently as we work on the Great Khan’s ships and to return to our Fernland homes for an indefinite stay as soon as the ships are finished – before the Khan can draft us on as his Navy to sail his new ships to China.”
Electra smiled. “There then. It is all settled.”
“It may be settled in your mind,” Phinn said,” but it is far from settled in mine. What about this notion of Serafina’s that we are to extract some sort of return from the kingdoms where we perform? I thought she wanted to be a part of any interaction. Is she aware of all we are agreed to here?”
“I will go and ask her this very moment,” Electra stated decisively, happy to have an excuse to leave this tricky bit of negotiating.

Electra found Serafina dismantling one of Taz’s bubbling fountains as the twins watched.
“What are you doing?” Electra asked,
Serafina looked up and smiled. “I wanted to see how these fountains worked,” she said. “Most ingenious. I should like to erect one in Henge’s arboretum. Do you think Barburee might sell it to me?”
“No,” Electra said, horrified. She was sure those left in charge in Barburee would not care one way or another, but the Taz boat builders and their families would be greatly insulted if Serafina were to take away one of the fountains they had constructed with their own hands. “I have just asked Rabar for a favor and I would not want to do something now that might offend him – like taking away a fountain.”
“What favor?” Serafina asked, replacing the rock she had just removed.
“We do not know how long it will take us to reach Kisher, nor do we know the languages of the kingdoms we will be passing through on our way there. I do not like to leave Phinn and his ship waiting for us on the edge of the Great Sea indefinitely.”
 Electra tried to arrange her features into a more cheerful expression, hoping her news would be received in kind. “Rabar would like to accompany us. He will be useful as a translator. And Haddad, Captain of the Fleet, has agreed to loan us a ship to take us to the sea’s eastern edge so that Phinn might go on to Sandovia without us.”
Serafina shrugged and looked back wistfully at the fountain. “As you wish, though you need not feel responsible for inconveniencing Phinn the Ambassador. He serves at the pleasure of Prince Blackwell.”
Electra breathed a sigh of relief.

Chapter 18

Port City of Taz

Phinn the Ambassador called his acting troupe together at the site of his unfinished stage. “Leave what you are working on for a few minutes,” he called out. “We need to decide on what kind of play we will be performing tomorrow.”
Smiles and Bear left off their work in the rigging behind the black curtain. Juanita and Esmeralda interrupted their dance rehearsal. Angie, Peaches and Trixie left their pile of costumes behind and Tom finished hammering a nail into the floor of the stage. They all gathered around Phinn.
“It looks as though we will have many Taz ship builders in the audience and an unknown number of Barburee soldiers. I can’t imagine two groups that have less in common,” Phinn said with a frown.
“Everybody likes fairies,” Peaches suggested.
Smiles pursed his lips. “I don’t know for certain if these Barburee folks ever heard ‘a fairies.”
“We could put the fairies on horseback,” Bear suggested, laughing at his own joke.
“Not a bad suggestion,” Phinn said, taking it seriously.
“The fairies could come in by ship and then ride off on horses,” Tom agreed.
“I wasn’t serious,” Bear said, looking at his fellow actors as if they were crazy.
Angie stood up for her husband, Tom, by saying, “It’s not easy finding what horsemen and ship builders would both take to.”
They all kept quiet for a moment, trying to think of some connection.
“Everyone likes magic,” Juanita volunteered.
Phinn remembered the time he and his troupe had entertained the Barburee ambassadors in Fernland. They had liked his magic show so much they had insisted that Phinn, Bear and Smiles return with them to join the Barburee Army as magicians. Phinn looked at Bear and Smiles and could tell by their pale faces that they remembered as well.
“I believe the Barburee soldiers see magic as a form of sorcery,” Phinn said to his wife. “We had a bad experience with Barburee before you and Esmeralda joined the acting troupe.”
“What happened?” Juanita asked.
“The Great Khan’s son, Bataar, ordered us to join the Barburee army and use our magic to fix their exploding arrows. “
“Did you?” Esmeralda asked. “Fix them, I mean?”
“Actually, we did,” Phinn said. “But not with magic. Bear figured out why they were exploding early. They were careless with their powder and it was exploding in the air. But that is all in the past. We need to entertain them without arousing their superstitions.”
“Everybody likes food,” Trixie said.
Phinn nodded slowly.
“Everybody likes dancing girls,” Esmeralda added.
“Everybody likes music,” Smiles said.
Juanita waved her hands in a ‘stop’ motion. “We’re going about this all wrong,” she said. “We’re here to tell them about Henge. Don’t forget, we are royal ambassadors now.”
Phinn arched an eyebrow. Was his wife claiming to be an ambassador for Henge’s Royal Family or was she claiming to be one of the Royal Family. That last possibility could prove dangerous. He chose not to ask for clarification. “Yes, I see what you are saying. We should give them a picture of life in Henge. Good idea. Any suggestions for how we do this?”
The actors were quiet for a moment.
“The army is real important in Henge,” Esmeralda said. “Should we have soldiers?”
Several actors shook their heads.
 “We don’t want Barburee thinking we’re here to start a war,” Bear said.
“We got the twins for children,” Angie said. “We could maybe show them a day in a typical family’s life. Maybe like a feast day. How we celebrate. What food and songs and all.”
“Yeah, said Peaches. “May Day. I love May Day with its Maypole and all.”
“I like it,” Phinn said. “We could have dancers and egg rolls and happy music.”
“An’ we won’t need costumes,” Trixie said.  “We can just wear our best clothes.”
“Like as not, these ‘ere shipbuilders’ll have something we can use fer a maypole,” Smiles said.
“I will write up the script and we’ll have a first run through after supper,” Phinn said.

The day of the play, many Taz families came, expecting flying fairies and tricks of illusion. A few Barburee soldiers brought their families, curious to see who these newcomers were and why they had come. Magsa, Odval and Monge were among the attending Barburee families.
The acting troupe began their play with a family scene, laying out their best clothes, painting eggs, and gathering up musical instruments to take to the May Day celebration.
The curtains closed and opened to a new scene composed of a brightly beribboned Maypole, jugglers, acrobats, puppeteers, musicians, street vendors and the same family, now visitors to the celebration. The little twin girls took streamers and danced around the Maypole to joyful music, pointing at the various performers at the street fair as they circled the pole.
It was a happy celebration and the audience seemed to enjoy it, although the Taz families were noticeably perplexed, no doubt wondering about the absence of the usual magic tricks.

After the performance, Magsa, Odval and Monge, now a toddler, approached the actors who were gathered in front of their stage.
Magsa tapped Phinn on the shoulder to draw his attention.
Phinn turned with a smile.
“Magsa pointed to her mistress, Odval. “Odval want to know why children go in circle around pole,” she said.
Odval stood next to Magsa, holding her son, Monge, by the hand.
Phinn considered the question for a moment before answering. “It is our custom to dance a welcome to the summer months. The May Tree is decorated with ribbons and flowers and the children dance around it just for the joy of doing so. You have no similar celebration to welcome the summer months in Barburee?” he asked.
Magsa translated Phinn’s reply and listened to a lengthy comment from Odval.
“Odval say tell you we have big summer games. Horse racing, buzkashi, wrestling. Odval say you come back for games. See real celebration.”
Phinn nodded, accepting this as an invitation given in thanks for their performance.  He actually believed Odval’s comments were more likely a disparagement of Henge’s timorous May Day tradition. Now that she had pointed this out, his thoughts moved ahead to their coming performance in Sandovia.  Perhaps they should concentrate on a performance with a little more muscle. It would not do to appear timid in the presence of Sandovia’s contentious King Gundar.

The next morning the Acting Troupe set out for Sandovia in the Kingdom of Henge after saying goodbye to Electra, Tandor, Physician Rabar, Serafina and the twins who were bound for the eastern shore of the Great Sea in Haddad’s impressive flagship, the Spirit of Taz.

Chapter 19

Eastern Edge of the Great Sea

After several days at sea, Electra was beginning to feel a bit better, her seasickness having abated somewhat as they neared the eastern boundary of the Great Sea. Her plan to free Phinn and the acting troupe from responsibility for this foray into unknown territories had worked. She was now on a Taz ship along with Tandor, Serafina, the twins and, most important, Physician Rabar. Rabar knew the general route they must take and most of the foreign languages they would encounter along the way. She began to feel less anxious. An emotion more like excitement settled over her as she stared out over the ship’s rail at the port nestled below a high cliff that grew ever nearer.
Esme and Shalin joined her at the rail.
“Will we go ashore here?” Shalin asked.
“Yes,” Electra said. “I believe we will climb to the top of that cliff. Do you see the pillars up there?”
“I do,” Esme shouted. “They are white.”
“Yes, they are. They are very old. Physician Rabar says it was once a great city of healing named Pergama. But now it is in ruins.”
Physician Rabar heard his name mentioned and came to stand with them.
Esme looked up at him. “Did you live there when it was a great city of healing?” she asked.
Rabar laughed. “No, I am not that old. It is many hundreds of years old. It has been conquered and changed hands many times since sick people traveled here, hopeful of a cure.”
“Were they cured?” Shalin asked.
“Sometimes. It is said they slept in a room full of snakes and their cure came to them in dreams.”
Serafina had joined them silently, as she was wont to do. Electra and Rabar were startled when she spoke. “I have read that their high rate of cures was the result of turning away those with incurable diseases.”
Rabar nodded. “I have read that as well. But they did institute many advances in medicine. And the waters of a spring that rises there may have had curative properties.”
“They are also famous for their astrologers and the making of parchment,” Serafina said.
Rabar studied Serafina for a moment. “I can see you are very well read. Electra has told me she learned many of her herbal cures from you. Do you still practice medicine?”
“I am a sorceress. I dabble in many sciences,” Serafina said.
“Will you join us on our tour of the ruins?” Rabar asked.
“Of course,” Serafina said.
“It may be an arduous climb for you and the twins,” Rabar cautioned.
Serafina smiled. “We will manage.”

Two hours later, Rabar, Serafina, the twins, Electra and Tandor set foot in the port at the end of the Great Sea. It was not a market day. Most of the waterfront stalls were vacant and theirs was the only ship anchored there. The Taz crew had been given leave to come ashore, but most stayed aboard ship as there was little to see but ruins.
Sitting in front of a small house, dressed in dark robes and white turbans, two men watched the newcomers. One of the men hailed them in a language Rabar understood, while the other man walked back inside the house.
Rabar answered him and then turned to his companions to translate. “He asks if we are here to see the ruins. He offers to be our guide.”
“What did you tell him?” Electra asked.
“He is looking for a paid position. I told him we would not need a guide.”
The man who had gone into the little house came back out with a basket full of clay sculptures. He held up a clay foot and spoke rapidly.
Physician Rabar laughed. “He says he has clay effigies for whatever part of the body ails us. We put a clay sculpture under our pillow at night and in the morning that part will be healed.”
“Will that work?” Esme asked Electra.
“I do not think so,” Electra replied. “But it is not a thing I have tried. Perhaps if my feet are sore after climbing up the cliff I will purchase one and find out.”
They continued through the port area and found a trail that seemed to curve up in the direction of the cliff. As they started up, Electra saw that the two men were still following them.
The day was warm with a light sea breeze blowing. It was a perfect day for a hike. The trail turned and jackknifed up the side of the cliff, sometimes offering glimpses of the ruins above. They stopped to have a drink of water from a spring.
The two men caught up to them. They began to speak to Rabar.
Rabar smiled. “They say they know the secret entrance to the spring of cures. They want to know if one or more of us are sick. They will take us to the healing waters for a small fee.”
Rabar stopped to listen again, then nodded. “They say if we have no money, they will be willing to trade something for the secret entrance to the healing waters.”
“They want you to trade Tandor’s sword,” Esme said.
The men seemed surprised by Esme’s words, but quickly covered their expressions.
“That is a good guess,” Serafina said, “since you saw them looking at Tandor’s sword.” Her stern expression left Esme biting her lower lip as she realized she had broken the rule once again by reading the man’s intent in his mind before he had spoken the words.
Esme looked away, but probably not quickly enough. The man now seemed focused on the little girl. He held out his hand in a magnanimous gesture and said a few words.
Rabar seemed concerned, as did Tandor. “He says he will show us the secret spring free of charge as we are very nice people and he would not want to see anyone of us sick from a disease the healing waters could easily cure.”
Tandor’s hand rested on the hilt of his sword. “Tell them we are all quite healthy and have no need of healing waters, nor a guide.” Tandor regarded the would-be guides with a steely gaze.
Rabar spoke to them in a kind voice and the two men turned away and walked down the trail.
As they neared a new switch back in the trail Electra could see that they had only continued a short way down the path to the port. They were talking excitedly to one another now at the end of a switch back.
“I believe they still mean to follow us,” Electra said to Serafina.
Serafina did not bother to look behind her to verify Electra’s words. “I know,” she said. “Ignore them.”

Chapter 20

Ruins of Pergama

As the little group of travelers cleared the last rise in their steep trek up the cliff side, the ruins of Pergama spread out before them.
“This must have been the temple,” Physician Rabar said, pointing to the marble columns before them. Some were broken, some left almost intact. Nothing else remained of the once famous temple to their god of healing.
Electra looked past the remains of the temple to the bricked foundations of other structures. “This was once a whole city.” Her voice was full of wonder.
“It was a metropolis,” Rabar said. “People traveled here from many lands.”
Serafina looked up at the blue sky so close overhead. “A good place from which to view the stars as well.”
“Yes,” Rabar agreed. “Astrology was an important part of it.”
Shalin and Esme came running back with excited expressions. “There is a theater bigger than the one at King’s Lake,” Esme shouted. She took Electra’s hand and pulled her in the direction of their discovery.
Electra laughed and allowed herself to be pulled along down a grassy slope. She stopped at the upper edge of a steep bowl-shaped outdoor theater with the rows of seats carved into the hillside.
Rabar, Tandor and Serafina caught up to them.
“It is enormous,” Tandor said.
Rabar nodded in agreement. “It is said to have accommodated ten thousand.”
The twins were already exploring the top rows of seats.
Electra moved closer to Serafina. “Do you think the twins are in danger from those men who followed us?”
“I think they knew enough English to recognize the word ‘sword,’” Serafina said.
“It would be a leap to think they realized Esme could read their minds,” Electra said.
“They want to know more about us,” Serafina said.
“Yes, that is my impression as well. We might do well to return to our ship and disembark in another port before continuing our journey inland,” Electra said.
Serafina gave a little toss of her hair. “They would do well to discontinue following us.”
Rabar joined them. “I believe I have located the healing spring,” he said. “There is a well at what must have been the middle of their healing center.”
“No secret entrance?” asked Electra with a smile.
“Our would-be guides will no doubt be disappointed. I mean to take a drink. You might wish to observe me for a time afterwards before following suit,” Rabar said.
Serafina waved at the twins, gesturing for them to follow.

They walked to the center of a large complex of dismantled buildings. A circle of bricks surrounded an upwelling of spring water.
Rabar lowered a cup into the water, smelled it, dipped the tip of his tongue into it, then took a few sips.
“Excellent,” he proclaimed. He held out his cup to any who wanted to try it.
Serafina took the cup, swirled the water around slowly, smelled it and poured a little into the palm of her hand. Then she took a sip and nodded. “Free of impurities,” she said.
They all had their fill of the sweet water which tasted especially good after their arduous climb.
“I should have brought containers to carry some back to the ship,” Rabar said. “It may indeed have curative powers.”
They located the long tunnel entrance to the healing center and the area which must have been the library, where so many scrolls on the art of healing had once resided.
“It is difficult to know if we have made any real advances in the healing arts when so much of ancient knowledge has been lost to wars and vandalism,” Rabar complained.
They walked through time, viewing the remains of different cultures, each conquered in turn leaving only broken pillars, arches, walls, tunnels and alters to mark what had once been busy thoroughfares.
“Look at this altar,” Electra remarked. “It is still mostly intact.” She ran her hand over the costly white marble of the altar’s face. “Whose do you suppose it was?”
Rabar walked up the marble steps to look more closely at the remains of a statue. “An ancient god, no doubt,” he said. “There were many.”
The twins were drawn to exploring the tunnels that still remained. Shalin emerged with a pottery fragment lightly etched in script. She handed it to Serafina.
Serafina looked at the fragment and returned it to Shalin. “Put it in your pocket and we will translate the markings when we are back in Henge.”
Shalin seemed pleased to be allowed to keep her souvenir. “Shall we try to find more?”
Serafina looked at the position of the sun in the sky which seemed close overhead from atop the cliff. “We should start back soon if we are to reach our ship by dusk.”
Electra followed her gaze. “I hate to leave. There is still so much to see here.”
“Perhaps we might visit again on our way back from Kisher,” Rabar said.
Electra nodded. “If we return on a market day, we may find some vendors selling bits of the ruins they have found here.”
Rabar looked out to the blue green sea they had traversed. “We could go inland from here, but I think it wise to sail south to a larger port city. If we find a port that connects to a river, we will be able to hire a small boat to navigate the first leg of our journey to Kisher. What say you?” he asked, looking at Electra and Serafina in turn.
Even though his opinion had not been called for, Tandor stepped closer. “I believe it would be safer to join a caravan if we are able. We are too few to prevail against a band of raiders and too many to go unnoticed.”
Rabar nodded. “That seems a good suggestion.” He waited to see what Serafina would say, as they all knew somehow that her decision would prevail in the end.
Instead Serafina only shrugged. “One never knows what lies ahead. Let us sail on to the next port and see what it has to offer.” She smiled a slight, enigmatic smile. “I suspect we will reach Kisher one way or another.” 

As they made their way down the steep path, they caught glimpses of their two followers, but the two made no further effort to sell their wares or their services.

Two of the Taz seamen waited with small shore boats to ferry their group back to the ship. As they set sail for the next port, the two spurned guides waved to those aboard ship.
That night Electra slept peacefully with no hint of the seasickness that had lately plagued her. She wondered if the healing spring waters of Pergama were having an effect.
Then a thought came unbidden. What if it were something other than seasickness? She wondered what her husband was doing at that moment back in Helsop.

Chapter 21

Village of Helsop

Dagon joined Soheil the Scholar and Lars the Trader in the mess tent for breakfast.
“Welcome Headman Dagon,” said the always affable trader. “We have been discussing the trade goods flowing in and out of Urum Province where this fine gentleman resides.”
“Are you thinking of traveling so far as Urum?” Dagon asked.
“Perhaps. I would like a chance at intersecting with the major caravan routes. I believe our tools and weapons might bring a good price if bartered for the luxury goods coming from the East.”
Dagon laughed. “Would you be bringing these luxury goods back to Helsop?”
Lars lifted his chin. “You laugh, but there is money now in Helsop. And yes, I believe some luxury goods might sell here now.” A little smile turned up the corners of his mouth. “And do not forget that Fernland and Queen Delphinia lie on my route back to Helsop.”
Dagon nodded slowly in a thoughtful manner. “That is true, though your opportunity in Fernland may be short-lived. Once their new ship, the King Geoffrey, is launched, it will begin making trips to China and you will be faced with competition to sell any luxury goods.”
“Hmmm, this is true.” Lars turned to Soheil the Scholar. “Perhaps I will go with you when you return to Urum. I could surely make one trip east before the King Geoffrey is launched.”
Soheil turned from Lars to Dagon with a searching expression. “My return to Urum awaits Electra’s return to Henge. Have we any idea when that might be?”
Dagon took in a slow breath before answering. “In truth, I wish I knew.”
Their conversation was interrupted by a messenger approaching their bench with a rolled scroll. The messenger appeared to be one of the Taz ship builders—he wore the dark green tunic and trousers that constituted their normal work clothes.  The man did not speak, but only held the scroll out to Dagon.
“For me?” Dagon asked.
“You Dagon?” The messenger said with a thick accent.
Dagon nodded and accepted the scroll. After breaking the green wax seal, he unrolled the parchment. It was signed by the Caliph. He read the long message slowly.

To My Friend Headman Dagon in Helsop,
Greetings to you all in Helsop. 
We, the Taz remnant here at King’s Lake, salute you.
We have recently been honored by a visit from your most excellent wife, the Princess Electra. She has further honored us with the opportunity of hiring one or two of her cherished pupils to take over responsibilities for medical care needed by anyone of us who may become sick or injured at King’s Lake.
Electra suggested I mention a particular student named Vesta in this regard. We would be forever in your debt were it possible that this fine student be allowed to assist us here at the lake. Electra further offered that this student and perhaps a second student might take up residence at her cottage here at King’s Lake.
Be assured we will take all precautions to protect the honor and safety of these esteemed students during their stay here.
With enthusiasm and hope for this prospect, I remain,
Your faithful servant
Caliph of Taz

Dagon smiled at the flowery language in the message and decided he would keep it to show to Electra when she returned home. She truly loved and admired the old Caliph and would treasure such a memento from him. He looked up at his breakfast companions.
“It appears I may be making a trip to Fernland.”
“Perhaps we could accompany you,” Lars said, glancing at Soheil to include him.
Dagon was about to say that Soheil would not be allowed to leave Helsop until Electra returned, when a second messenger arrived.  This one was a Palace Guardsman from Fernland.
“Two messages for Headman Dagon,” the guardsman said.
“These circulars seem to be a great success,” Dagon said, reaching for the messages.
The first message was short but explosive.  He read it over silently. 

My Dearest Dagon,
I suppose you have received the urgent message from my parents by now. Avor seems on the final leg of his long journey and should be in Taz soon. As you may imagine, my parents are very excited by this news and have asked Phinn if he might change his itinerary and journey to Taz where we could pick up Avor and bring him home.
Phinn and Serafina have agreed to do this as have I. I hope this will meet with your approval. We may be a little delayed in our return if Avor has not yet reached Taz.
I considered sending Tandor back to Helsop with this message but doubt that he would go. He takes his role as my guardian very seriously, so I will ask him to accompany me.
With affection,
Your Electra

Dagon tried to contain his anger. There was no reason for Electra to go all the way to Taz. Whatever was she thinking? What were her parents thinking? Avor did not need his sister there to bring him back to Fernland.
He set the first message aside and tore open the second.  It was a brief message from King Geoffrey asking that Dagon add five bows to his previous order.
Dagon stood up. “It now appears I may be traveling somewhat further than Fernland. I need to speak to a few of the students at the school of medicine. I will let you know my travel plans after that.”

Dagon opened the door to the school of medicine slowly, wondering if Coco the Parrot would announce his entry as usual in Electra’s voice. He was not disappointed.
“Dagon, Dagon,” the parrot screeched.
All eyes of those students gathered around the dining table turned to the opening door.
Dagon walked in, smiling a greeting at the gathered students.
“I wondered if I might have a word with Vesta.”  He held the Caliph’s message in his hand.
Vesta stood up, looking a little flustered to be singled out for the headman’s attention. “Shall I dismiss the class?” she asked.
“No, that is not necessary.” Dagon saw all the students staring in his direction and realized no work would be accomplished as long as he stood at the door. “Perhaps we could speak in the clinic,” he said.
“Certainly,” Vesta said, a little more confident now, no doubt thinking this must be some medical matter.
They both walked the short distance to the clinic without speaking. Once inside, Dagon took a seat on a cot. There were no patients in the clinic so all the cots were empty. Vesta sat on a cot across from him.
“I suppose the best way to begin is to let you read this message I just received from the Caliph at King’s Lake in Fernland.” He handed her the scroll.
Vesta’s fingers shook a little as she unrolled the scroll and began to read. Her face became more animated as she read. By the time she handed the scroll back to Dagon, she was smiling.
“Are you interested in accepting the Caliph’s offer?” he asked.
“I am,” she said, her voice emphatic.
“And would you like to find a second student to serve with you?”
“I know several who would like to go. Especially to Fernland.”
Dagon had not realized that Fernland held such an allure, though he likely should have. After all, no one worried about having enough to eat there, and the prospect of her own house on the lake must have been equally inviting.
“I will leave the choice of a companion student to your own choosing,” he said.
“Shall we leave at once?” Vesta asked.
“If you like,” Dagon said. “I thought I might accompany you to Fernland myself.” He did not add that he actually planned to go all the way to Taz. “In fact, there may be three of us to accompany you and your chosen assistant. Could you be ready to leave at dawn tomorrow?”
A wide smile transformed Vesta’s usually solemn face. “Most assuredly.”

Chapter 22

Road between Helsop and Fernland

The group heading from Helsop to Fernland had almost reached caravan status. There were three carts filled with tools and weapons that Lars the trader had accumulated over the winter months, along with King Geoffrey’s order of saws, shovels, nails and bows. Another cart held the tents, the few belongings of the two new physicians, and the medical supplies that Dagon’s sister, Isa, had seen fit to send along.
Dagon and Lars rode horses while Soheil the Scholar, Vesta and Ingrid rode beside the drivers of the carts. The drivers were all Helsop militia men who would drive the carts back to Helsop once they were unloaded at King’s Lake.
At noon they stopped for lunch just inside the tree line at the base of the plateau.
“Bad news,” Lars said, sitting down beside Dagon on a fallen tree trunk. “A wheel on one of my carts is cracked. If we try to go on without repairing it, the crack will rupture.”
Dagon frowned. “At least we are still close enough to Helsop to send someone back for a new wheel.”
“Already done,” Lars said. “We can leave the cart to be repaired and go on without it if you want.”
Dagon shook his head. “It is best we stay together. We will camp here for tonight and make an early start tomorrow.

The broken wheel delayed their arrival in Fernland. By the time the travelers reached the first outpost of Fernland’s royal guard on the third day, it was apparent they would not reach the castle before sundown when the drawbridge was pulled up for the night. 
Dagon waved to Lars and the trader spurred his horse forward to catch up.
“Shall we look for campsite?” Lars asked.
Dagon mulled the decision over for a moment. “We have a full moon. I would prefer to go on to King’s Lake since that is where we are headed in any case. We can drop off our two physicians and make a courtesy call on the castle tomorrow. In fact that is a better plan all around. We can check to see if any ships anchored at the lake are heading in the direction of the Great Sea.”
“I will tell the cart drivers,” Lars said, turning his horse.

Just as they were passing the turnoff for the castle, a group of palace guard soldiers rode out to meet them.
The Captain of the Guard saluted Dagon.
“You were sighted at the outpost. His Majesty King Geoffrey has instructed us to delay the raising of the bridge until your group is within the castle grounds. You will please follow us and we will escort you inside.”
Dagon sighed. “Yes, of course,” he said. “Very generous of His Majesty.”

They arrived at the steps of the castle a few minutes later. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were waiting at the bottom of the steps.
“How good of you to come all this way after our summons,” Queen Delphinia said. “But did you not receive Electra’s message saying she intended to leave at once for Taz to meet Avor there?”
“I did,” Dagon said, managing to contain his anger at their arrogance in asking his wife to go. “I also received a message from the Caliph asking for two of Electra’s students to begin work as physicians at King’s Lake. I am escorting Vesta and Ingrid to their new employment. I thought I would install them there first and visit here at the castle tomorrow, but how considerate of you to leave the drawbridge down for us to visit here first.”
King Geoffrey looked a little embarrassed to have interfered with Dagon’s plan but Queen Delphinia seemed delighted to have them all as guests.
“But of course you must spend the night here. We would not want you traveling at night. It is much too dangerous. And you have brought goods to trade?” Delphinia looked at their wagons with interest.
“One of our new Hammer Haven cousins, Lars the Trader, decided to travel with us. He intends to go on to the Great Sea to trade the goods he has collected over the winter. His carts contain mostly tools and weapons.” Dagon pointed to the third cart. “That one holds Fernland’s order of tools and bows as well.” 
King Geoffrey tilted his head in the direction of the carts. “I might be interested in having a look at all of them,” he said.
“And I might be interested in placing an order,” Delphinia said. “But no more talk of business now. Come in, all of you. You must be tired and hungry.”

Dagon decided to send the cart drivers to the Palace Guard barracks, but ushered the others into the castle where they were assigned rooms and advised to dress for dinner.
Vesta and Ingrid looked a little awestruck by the splendor of Fernland’s castle and stayed close to one another, whispering in each other’s ears as they were led up the stairs to their room.
Lars was his genial self, sensing an opportunity to make a profit on Delphinia’s possible order of luxury goods. He seemed to take all things in his stride.
Soheil the Scholar just seemed bewildered. “You know these people?” he asked Dagon as they walked to their rooms.
“I am their son-in-law, as it happens,” Dagon said.
“Outstanding!” Soheil said. “So this is Princess Electra’s birthplace?”
“Yes.” Dagon was not in a mood to listen to praise for Fernland’s grandeur.
Soheil had an expression that seemed to reflect amazement at how she had ended up in a village like Helsop. “But it was you who gave her the ring,” he stopped to verify.
“Yes,” Dagon said, with growing irritation. “Lars sold it to me. It was a wedding present.”
Soheil seemed to sense Dagon’s irritation and kept his amazement in check. “Nice of your in-laws to invite us all to stay.”
Dagon said nothing in reply.

The dinner proved to be a great success. The guests were all very appreciative of the feast set before them and both Lars and Soheil kept the gathering entertained with stories from their past.
“I do not know when I have enjoyed myself more,” Delphinia exclaimed. “Dagon, your friends are a delight. I do wish we had some news from Electra or Avor to give you, but so far we have heard nothing from Taz.”
“I had thought to perhaps accompany Lars and Soheil as far as Taz to hear news first-hand,” Dagon said, trying to keep his voice as free from accusation as possible.
King Geoffrey’s eyes opened wide on hearing this. “You had?”
“Yes. We can wait at King’s Lake for a ship going in that direction. All seems quiet in Helsop and I have left Deimos in charge until I return.”
“But you must take our ship, the Prince Avor, in that case,” Queen Delphinia said without bothering to consult King Geoffrey first.
Dagon looked to his father-in-law to see what he thought of this suggestion.
“I suppose that would be possible, King Geoffrey said. “All of the Taz fleet has returned to Taz to build bridge ships for the Great Khan. But there are still a fair number of Taz seamen here working on our new ship, the King Geoffrey. We should be able to put together a crew from those men who are left.”
Lars and Soheil looked hopefully at Dagon. Free passage to Taz would be an incredible windfall to both men.
“In that case, I can hardly refuse,” Dagon said.
“Wonderful,” Queen Delphinia said. “I know we can depend on you to send us word on Avor’s whereabouts.”

Chapter 23

Fernland’s Castle

Before dawn, feet could be heard running up and down the halls of Fernland’s castle. Queen Delphinia was already in the kitchen giving instructions to Chef Cristo.
“Everyone will be anxious to leave for King’s Lake. They will need to speak to the Caliph about arranging a crew for the Prince Avor, or perhaps I should send word to the Caliph myself. We will need to arrange supplies for the journey. They are going all the way to Taz, you know. Likely Avor will decide to return home on the ship that bears his name.” Delphinia stopped to take a breath. “But here I am prattling on about things that are not your concern.”
Cristo gave his queen a patient smile. “Your concerns are, of course, my concerns,” he said.
“What would I do without you, Cristo. No one else appreciates the value of making arrangements as you do. But now we must speak of breakfast. I thought we had best use the dining hall. But all courses served at once, I think. A quick meal, then all of us on to King’s Lake.”
“All of us?” Cristo asked.
Delphinia smiled. “I would like to send one meal with them that is not ship fare. Could you make a sort of picnic lunch for them to take along? It would be up to you whether you choose to stay here or to join us to hand it to them personally as they leave from King’s Lake.”
“I would be honored to go along and hand it to them personally.”
“You are a jewel, Cristo,” Delphinia said.

Vesta and Ingrid looked out their castle window at the bustling courtyard below.
“Is this all a dream?” Ingrid said. “The two of us staying here as guests at the castle? It surely is a very different experience from being prisoners in a castle as we were in Hammer Haven.”
Vesta nodded. She and Ingrid had grown up together in Hammer Haven, poor but happy, the daughters of blacksmiths and tool makers. They had been friends all their lives. When the Vagans sailed in to conquer Hammer Haven, the families of the two girls had been killed and both of them put to work in the castle kitchen. They had been just fourteen then – Ingrid short and stout, Vesta taller, slender and bearing the pox scars of the disease that had almost killed her six years earlier. They had been grateful they were seen as too young or too plain to catch the roving eyes of their Vagan conquerors.
Vesta tingled with excitement. “If anyone had told me four years ago that I would become a physician and spend a night as a guest in a beautiful castle, I would have laughed,” she said. “What do you suppose Electra’s cottage at the lake will be like?”
“She is a princess. It should be quite nice,” Ingrid speculated.
“And these Taz people. Shipbuilders. We will have to learn their language.”
“Perhaps some of them have learned English. They have been here several years,” Ingrid said.
“Yes, I know the one who built the new dining table for the school of medicine spoke English, but he spoke to his men in another language,” Vesta said.
“That was Laleh’s father. Laleh spoke English,” Ingrid said.
“Yes, but she has gone to Taz. That is the reason we were hired. We will be replacing her,” Vesta said.
“I know,” Ingrid said. “Even though I liked Laleh when she was at the school of medicine, I hope she does not hurry back. I think I am going to like working in Fernland very much.”
Vesta laughed as she gave a final glance around the room. She picked up her packed bag and said, “I feel as you. It still seems a dream come true.”

Dagon had his hands full, organizing the move to the ship and giving instructions to the cart drivers.
“As soon as the Prince Avor sets sail you may return to Helsop. Report to Deimos; tell him we will likely be gone two months or more. I will try to send him a message from Taz but I do not know if I will be able to find a ship going this way to carry it. He will be headman until I return.”
The three gathered cart drivers listened carefully to their militia leader. “Any other messages?” Otto asked Dagon.
“Tell Dorian everything you tell Deimos and also tell him we will look to his son, Tandor’s, safe return.”

The group arrived in King’s Lake about mid-day. Their first stop was Electra’s vacant cottage.
Dagon watched as Vesta and Ingrid toured the small one-room cottage. It included a stone fireplace, a tiny kitchen, a sleeping area and a walled garden in back.
The two young women clasped hands tightly, giddy with joy.
“This is perfect,” Vesta said, smiling at Dagon.
The Caliph came to the open door of the cottage and knocked politely. “May we come in?” He stepped inside to reveal his grandson, Javed, standing behind him.
“Please do,” Dagon said. “Vesta, Ingrid, this is your employer, the Caliph and his grandson, Javed. I believe you may have met Javed’s father, Haddad. And of course you knew Laleh from the school of medicine. Javed is Laleh’s brother.”
The Caliph gave a little bow. “We are honored to have you here as our physicians. You will want to call on one of us anytime you need a translator. We are the only two here at present who speak English.”
“We hope to learn your language as soon as possible,” Vesta said. “And we are the honored ones to be in your employ.”
The Caliph seemed a bit taken aback by Vesta’s humility. He looked at Dagon. “You have given us a gift beyond measure in these two treasured healers.”
Dagon nodded. “They are indeed two of Electra’s best students.” He noticed the two physicians casting shy glances in Javed’s direction. “Now then, you are moved in,” he said to Vesta, “I will leave you with your new people and see to arranging for a crew to sail the Prince Avor.”
“Have you any men to spare to make up a crew to sail the Prince Avor to Taz?” Dagon asked the Caliph.
“Queen Delphinia has already sent word of your upcoming voyage. Come with me and I will introduce you to your crew members. They are all very familiar with navigating to Taz.”

Dagon found his new crew men already busy loading supplies aboard the Prince Avor.
“Have you any messages for your family in Taz?” Dagon asked the Caliph.
“You may tell Haddad that work proceeds apace on the great ship, the King Geoffrey. And tell my son, Physician Rabar, that it has been too long since he visited here at King’s Lake. Perhaps he will return with you for a visit.”
“I will relay the message and offer any additional incentives I might think of,” Dagon replied.
The Caliph smiled. “You and your wife are good friends to Taz.”
“I will tell Electra you have said so,” Dagon said.

By midafternoon, the Prince Avor was ready to set sail. Dagon waved from the railing to King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia on shore. He held the picnic basket up high in thanks to Cristo who raised a fist in return. Lars the Trader and Soheil the Scholar stood beside Dagon at the rail, waving enthusiastically to the people on shore they had only just met, but who had treated them so kindly.

Chapter 24

Plains of Hormu

Prince Avor, Ansolve and his family and their guide, Noyon, came out of the desert to miles of low plains spread out to the sea. Even though it was spring, the air was hot and sultry. What must it be like in summer, Avor wondered.

As they passed through this land of streams and palms on their way to the port city of Hormu, Avor saw the land through the eyes of its new queen, Cogatin. She would find Hormu too hot, being used to the cool climate of Khara Khara. The palm trees and colorful songbirds would be new to her. After so many months of guarding the Barburee princess, it was hard for him to put her from his mind. He smiled at himself as he remembered it was just such a fixation with another beautiful girl, Princess Elka of Sandovia, which had resulted in his leaving Fernland to join the Great Khan’s Army. He resolved to abandon all future fixations on beautiful women.
They passed orchards and farm lands, farmers harvesting their spring grains and merchants pulling carts on their way to market. He began to catch brief scents of the sea beyond. His guide, Noyon, had told him they could take a ship to cross the gulf or they could go around the long body of water on horseback.

As they rode into Hormu’s port city, they could see signs of great wealth. This was a hub of trade from many directions. Vendors swarmed around them, the aroma of spices and pack animals was overwhelming. They passed a walled palace, ornate with carved marble screens. This would be King Minab’s palace when he deemed Barburee’s newest desert conquest secure enough to leave. Again, a notion swept over him. Cogatin would not like it. She was used to the open grasslands and clean air of the north. But that was no longer his worry.
“Let us head for the docks,” Avor said to Noyon, “We will ask after a ship to save us time crossing to the other side.”
Noyon frowned as Avor knew he would. No Barburee soldier would willingly travel by sea rather than horseback. Noyon said nothing as he was not trained to offer his opinion to a superior officer.

They rode when they could, but some areas were so congested with vendor stalls and swarming customers, they were forced to dismount and thread carefully through the crowds.
At one stall, Ansolve’s wife, Aliya, gasped and pointed to a bolt of cloth. “Spun gold,” she said in awe. Avor nodded and Ansolve hurried his wife along, no doubt because he had no money to buy anything. 
Avor thought briefly about buying Aliya or her young son some trinket but decided against it, thinking it might be perceived as an insult, pointing out Ansolve’s inability to provide for his own family.

They reached the docks and found a good number of ships tied up there.
“If we are able to secure passage it will save us several days travel,” Avor said to his companions. He did not add that it would get them out of this intolerable heat as well, but he supposed he did not need to mention that.
Most of the ships were of an unfamiliar design. Avor assumed they were ships made here in Hormu and decided as long as he was here, he might as well visit the boat works. After all, that would soon be his job once again in Fernland, overseeing the boat works at King’s Lake.
At Avor’s request, Noyon asked around until he found a man to guide them to the boat works north of the city.
They arrived at the large construction area where Hormu’s boats were crafted. Noyon spoke to the foreman there and must have impressed him with Avor’s importance as the man gave Avor his full attention. He began a methodical tour which left Avor speechless.
In Avor’s view, these boats were rubbish. The province of Hormu had neither iron ore nor any traders who carried iron to sell. As a result the planks were stitched together with twine made from the bark of a nut. The foreman made a point of maintaining that the twine did not rust from its immersion in the seawater as iron did and was therefore a superior binding. Avor judged that he could tear the planks apart with his bare hands.
There was no pitch available to seal the seams so none was used. Instead they were rubbed with fish oil.
The ships had no decks. They were only hulls for cargo, covered by a canvas tarp that was deemed strong enough to stand the weight of horses.
Avor nodded politely and thanked the foreman for the tour. As soon as they were outside the boat works, Avor turned to Noyon and said, “We will continue north around the gulf. Perhaps we can find a campsite close to the water where we can catch a sea breeze.”
Noyon nodded. Though he did not smile, Avor could tell he was happy with the decision.

That evening they camped outside a tiny fishing village.
“What did you think of the Hormu boats?” he asked Ansolve.
“They are all right if one has no fear of drowning,” Ansolve said with a wry smile.
Avor laughed. “That was my impression as well. He flicked a small branch into their campfire with his boot. “When I return to Fernland I will take up my old job as overseer of the workers at our shipyard in Fernland.”
“That was your job before you joined the Great Khan’s Army?” Ansolve asked. “I thought your father was the King of Fernland.”
“He is. But I did not enjoy my lessons in kingship and my days spent listening to disputes in court, so he sent me to spy on the immigrants who made boats at our lake port.”
“Then you are experienced in the craft of shipbuilding,” Ansolve said.
“Yes, enough to know good ships when I see them.”
“And this will be your life’s work then? Shipbuilding?”
“I enjoy it, but these years in the Great Khan’s Army have taught me the value of a well-trained militia.”
“But surely Fernland has such a body of soldiers.”
Avor laughed. “Our last minister of war died before I was born and has never been replaced.”
“And Fernland has never been attacked?” Ansolve asked.
“Not in recent times, though we have raised armies of draftees when the need arose.” Avor felt his face growing warm as he thought of his own failed attempt to infiltrate his father’s army, only to be captured and thus force his father into an unwanted alliance as a ransom.
“I suppose you will become King of Fernland someday. Then you will be able to appoint your own minister of war if you choose,” Ansolve said.
Avor nodded in an absent way, but his thoughts had already turned to a new direction. Perhaps he might be able to contribute to Fernland’s defenses even now. After all, he was recently in command of two hundred and he had learned a thing or two in the process. A few ideas came to mind as he banked the campfire for the night and said, “I think I will turn in early. I have some things to think about.”

Chapter 25

Offshore near Antok

The Spirit of Taz lay at anchor, offshore, near the city of Antok. Physician Rabar gave final orders to the crew in the Taz language while Electra, Tandor, Serafina and the twins picked up their luggage, waiting to be rowed ashore on small boats.
Rabar turned to those gathered at the rail, ready to descend the rope ladder down to the shore boats.
“I have told the crew to return to Taz. We will be left to our own devices from this point on. I do not know what route we will take back to Taz, but there should be many routes available. Are any of you having second thoughts about going on to Kisher?”
Electra was having many second thoughts, but chose not to voice them. They had come this far, it would be unseemly to turn back now.
They all shook their heads, even Tandor, which surprised Electra, as she thought he might make a final attempt to dissuade her from this foolishness.
They exited the shore boats on a rocky outcrop that was slippery and dangerous with large waves splashing around them. According to Rabar, they were close to a road that would take them the short way to the river city of Antok, a bustling hub on several major trading routes.
Tandor and Rabar stationed themselves firmly on the rocky outcrop and helped to pull up the twins and Electra. Serafina climbed up on her own, declining any help.
They scurried up the rise above the rocks, holding onto bushes and vines, handing their luggage up carefully to those above. When they cleared the ridge top they could see off to the Onto River in the distance and to the great city of Antok, situated on both sides of the river.
“There is the road that will take us to Antok,” Rabar said, pointing to a wide cobbled road less than a mile away. “It is an exceptional road, built by Romans.”

Once they reached the road, they make good time, seeing the city grow ever closer.
The road was well-traveled; there were horses and farmers pulling carts, families in their best clothes, likely going to the city for some event, soldiers, lines of camels loaded with goods, pulled along by men in colorful garments. There were people in all manner of dress, speaking many languages. It may have been a market day or perhaps every day was a market day in Antok.
They arrived in the city late in the afternoon. Rabar gathered them together, trying to gain their attention – no easy task as there was so much to see. It was the largest city Electra had ever visited. Palaces and monuments surrounded them, some in ruins, others, very much in use with guards and gates surrounding them. Many conquerors had been through Antok and each had left his mark.
Rabar raised his voice above the background noise of the marketplace. “I will find us a place to stay the night first, then I will make inquiries about transportation to Kisher. I believe a combination of travel by caravan, and travel by riverboat would be best.”
Everyone nodded, realizing of all the languages swirling around them, English was not one of them. Serafina reached into her bag and drew out two gold coins which she handed to Rabar. He reached for them quickly and put them in the pocket of his tunic, looking around to see who might have been watching.
“It is not safe to show too many signs of wealth here. There are many opportunists about,” he warned. “I will leave you here while I make my inquiries. There is much to see in the marketplace, but do not wander too far afield. I do not want to lose track of you. I shall try to return with news of our lodging within an hour.”
Everyone promised to stay close. Electra looked at Serafina and said, “I will watch Shalin if you will keep an eye on Esme.”
Serafina took Esme’s hand.
Tandor said, “My job is to watch Electra.”
Serafina laughed and teased, “That will be a great relief to me.”
Electra wrinkled her nose at her foster mother.
“And I will keep one eye firmly fixed on you.”
In good spirits they all began to take in the delights of the marketplace. Shalin was fascinated by a table full of illuminated manuscripts and scrolls. The bright paintings were meticulously fashioned--a tedious job that must have taken years to produce.
“What are they?” Shalin asked.
“I would imagine they are works about various gods. There are many different religions represented here, I would guess.”
“Are they expensive?” Shalin asked, fingering the few coins she had in the pocket of her dress.
“Very likely. I do not know the languages here so I cannot ask.”
Electra was sure they were too expensive for Shalin’s meager stash and decided to direct the child’s attention elsewhere. “Look, Esme has found a stall that sells birds.”
They joined Serafina and Esme at a stall full of brightly colored caged birds. Some sang out in sweet calls to one another. Some sat dejected and quiet in their wooden prisons.
“May I buy one?” Esme asked her mother. She stuck her finger through the wooden bars of a birdcage to attract the attention of a yellow canary.
“No, we already have too much to carry and many miles yet to travel. Perhaps when we are on our way home.”
Esme moved on sadly, but quickly perked up at a stall that sold bolts of silk cloth. “Look Mama, we should buy some silk for Aunt Delphinia.” Esme stood on her tiptoes to run her fingers over the smooth material.
The silk vendor spoke rapidly to his potential customers in a language that none of them could understand. He tried other languages without success. Finally he began to pull out coins from his robe, showing them which coins would be needed to purchase his various wares.
The little group moved on to a stall that sold dried fruits. Here Serafina managed to barter in signals and facial expressions until agreement was reached for the purchase of several tins of dried figs and various nuts.
While they were stowing their purchases in various parts of their luggage, Rabar returned, smiling.
“I have managed to find good accommodations at a reasonable price. We will stay in a tavern near the caravansary. They have rooms upstairs and the price includes two meals per day. We should be able to arrange to connect with a caravan going east within a short time.”
Electra was about to compliment her mentor on his fast work in finding accommodations when the ground began to move under her feet. People all around her were screaming and running. She may have been one of them.

Chapter 26

City of Antok

Cracks appeared in the cobblestone market square of Antok. A trellised brick wall that provided shade to the market stalls began to crumble. Bricks flew through the air as the ground swayed around Electra and her group of travelers. She tried to walk over the roiling pavement to shield the twins, but stopped when she saw what they were doing.
Shalin and Esme had their arms stretched out in front of them. Their palms were out in a gesture denoting “halt.” Bricks falling down from above were being redirected to fall harmlessly in a circle around them. A great marble column, collapsing in their direction, changed course in midair to fall inward instead of outward.
A richly attired boy, perhaps ten years old, fell to the ground to shield the young child beside him, likely his younger brother. He watched in amazement as bricks headed toward him suddenly changed direction and fell beside him instead.
Tandor was trying to get to Electra, but the shaking ground kept him off-balance. Serafina, knocked over by the first jolt, crawled closer to the twins but did not interfere with their actions. Physician Rabar looked around anxiously, likely surprised that as yet, no one near him seemed to be injured.
Seconds later—seconds that seemed like hours—the shaking stopped. The seller of fruits and nuts came out from beneath his collapsed stall and looked around fearfully.
“Is everyone unharmed?” Rabar asked.
A chorus of “yeses” answered him.
The boy who had dropped to the ground to shield a child came closer, holding the younger child by the hand.
“I am Soldad de Medich and this is my brother, Tome.” He made a formal bow as he swung his embroidered cap in a downward arc. “We are in your debt.”
Electra was surprised to hear someone speaking English. “You speak our language?”
Soldad made another slight bow. “I am from a family that trades by ship. We must learn many languages.” He nodded at the twins. “I believe you have saved our lives. My father will wish to reward your kindness.”
Serafina dusted herself off and stood up. “That will not be necessary,” she said. “I am sure it was only good fortune that saved you.”
Soldad shook his head. “I may be young but I have witnessed extraordinary things in my travels with my father. Yet today, I have witnessed a thing beyond explanation.”
Electra judged the boy to be sincere in his thanks and certain of the miracle he had witnessed. She decided to trust him. She leaned close to him and said in a low voice, “Then you will understand, in this case, the less said the better.”
The boy’s eyes grew wide as he digested her words. He nodded, then drew his fingers across his lips to indicate with his gesture that his lips were sealed. He leaned in close to Electra’s ear. “Behind me, there stands a group of camel pullers. Some may have borne witness to this thing of which we dare not speak.”
Electra glanced behind her and saw the group he spoke of. They were checking themselves for injury and their camels and wares for damages. Some were looking around, wary of more falling buildings.
Electra was jolted out of her inaction when Rabar announced, “I must go and check for injuries. There will be many.”
“I will come with you,” Electra said. “Will you wait here?” she asked Serafina.
“No, we will come as well,” she said, taking each twin by a hand.
Tandor scooped up their luggage and gave a final look around the ruined market square before following.

They spent the remainder of the day and night tending to the injured, and helping to pull survivors from mounds of rubble. Serafina allowed the twins to lift slabs of marble and rock to rescue victims when no one was watching. They stopped when aftershocks threatened, then went back to work by torchlight.
As dawn broke, the need for sleep overtook them. They made their way back to the tavern Rabar had reserved for them, hoping it was still standing. It was not. The tavern lay in a heap of lumber and the tavern keeper lay dead beneath the pile.
They laid out blankets beside the caravansary, which was still largely intact, and fell down upon their makeshift beds to sleep until afternoon.

Two more days and nights were spent in a similar manner. When it looked as though the only thing left to do was bury the dead, Rabar said, “I believe we should find a caravan to join before they all leave. Most have already left, fearful of more aftershocks. There is no market for luxury goods in a city devastated by earthquake.”
“I agree,” Serafina said. “Can you arrange passage?”
“Why do we not all go to arrange passage,” Rabar said. “The ground still quakes at intervals. I do not wish us to become separated.”
They all walked together into the cavernous rooms of the caravansary where camels and pack animals as well as their pullers and merchants were housed while visiting the city.
Rabar spoke to the first group he happened on. They were turbaned and robed in traditional Persian garb.
Rabar shook his head. “They are going north, not east,” he said.
The next group of men and camels looked to be from China, some in their warm weather gauzy outfits. Rabar tried a few languages, but they could not understand him. They pointed to a tunnel beside them.
The little group walked through the tunnel and Rabar found a group of men who were dressed in green tunics similar to his own. He stopped for a moment and turned to his companions. “These men are familiar to me. They are from Venito. I have traded with them and once considered them my friends. But I no longer trust them. However, we may not have much choice. Most caravans have already left. What do you wish to do? I am sure they will allow us to join them for a price.”
Serafina lifted her chin in a defiant manner. “I am sure they have more to fear from us then we have to fear from them. Insist that we each have a horse to ride and that they carry enough extra food to get us to the banks of the Euphrates River. Let them know I am a sorceress and would not take kindly to any duplicity on their part.”
Rabar opened his mouth to speak, then closed it, seeing the coldness in her blue gray eyes. “As you wish then, it may be our only option in any case.”
Rabar approached the men in a friendly way and was received in kind. Some of them leveled suspicious glances in Serafina’s direction as the deal was struck. They closed their agreement with formal bows and the exchange of one gold coin.
Rabar returned to his companions with a cautious expression. “They say they will leave at dawn, but I think it would be best if we stayed here for the night. They may decide to take the gold coin I gave them as a down payment and leave without us otherwise.”
The little group took out their blankets and the dried figs and nuts Serafina had purchased at the marketplace and settled down at the edge of the tunnel to wait.

Chapter 27

City of Antok

An aftershock woke those sleeping in the caravansary of Antok. By the height of their burned down candle, Electra judged the time to be around four in the morning.
“We may as well have some breakfast and be ready to leave at dawn,” she said to Serafina, who slept beside her.
Electra searched through her supplies and happened on a container of oat flakes that could be cooked with water.
Physician Rabar, still dressed from the night before, came by to check on them. “Is everyone well?” he asked, holding his candle so as to view their faces.
Electra smiled. “Well shaken,” she quipped. “I have found some oat grain that we could make for gruel.”
Rabar nodded. “We passed a trench from the viaduct. If it still holds water I will bring some.”
Tandor came into the candle’s light. “I have some kindling. We can make a small fire.”
Before long Tandor had a fire going and Electra heated a kettle of water for tea and cereal. The twins had slept through the aftershock and Serafina left them to sleep until breakfast was ready.
Tandor bundled and tied some dry reeds to make a torch which he stuck in a rocky crevice of the wall. Serafina woke the twins and the little group sat around the fire with cups of tea and bowls of gruel, making plans by torchlight.
Rabar held up five fingers. “I estimate five days travel to reach Carmish on the Euphrates River. From there we can go by boat to Mari. From Mari it should be a short trip, perhaps a day or two, to the ruins of Kisher,” he said.
“The earthquake may have been more severe in other regions close by,” Serafina cautioned. “We may find more devastation, the further we travel.”
“We will meet fleeing refugees along the road if that is the case,” Tandor said.
“Yes we should be prepared to encounter them,” Serafina said.
“We will do what we can to help,” Electra said.
An uncomfortable silence followed Electra’s words.
Electra looked around at her friends. “What are you not saying?” she asked.
Physician Rabar replied in a gentle voice. “Frightened people are often not thinking rationally. We must help if we are able, but we must also be prepared to defend ourselves.”
Electra’s mouth felt dry. She took a sip of tea. “Yes, of course. You must think me quite naïve. I think it of myself. But we have no weapons other than Tandor’s sword.”
“On the contrary,” Serafina said. “We have powerful weapons, should the need arise.”
Electra looked at Serafina’s steady mien, then at Esme and Shalin beside her, both small versions of their mother. She let out a long breath and nodded. “I am doubly naïve. We are certainly not without whatever weapons we might need.”
Glimmers of light were making their way into the caravansary. The little group assembled their bags and went to join their caravan.

The Venito men tried to gentle their pack animals. Both horses and camels were still skittish from the last aftershock and their handlers were having a difficult time loading them with trade goods.
One of the Venito men who knew Physician Rabar came forward leading four horses. He spoke to Rabar while pointing at the animals.
Rabar turned to Serafina to translate. “He says the twins are too young to ride alone. We should take turns riding double with them.”
Serafina gave the Venito man a cold stare. “Tell him the twins are experienced riders. They will each require a horse, as was our original bargain.”
Rabar went back to his negotiations. “He will give them one horse to ride together. He says he needs the other animals to carry the additional supplies our presence has forced upon them.”
Serafina gave the man a chilly smile. “Six horses. As a reward for his compliance I will use my sorcery to protect his camels from going lame as might well happen should he decide to further delay us with his futile arguments.”
Physician Rabar translated Serafina’s response with a bland expression. The Venito trader flashed a venomous expression in Serafina’s direction, but he left and returned with two more horses.
“The white horse has something wrong with his back leg,” Esme whispered to her mother. “He is in pain.”
More negotiations followed and the white horse was exchanged for a dun-colored Barburee horse, which still looked half wild and had no saddle.
“I like him,” Esme said. “He will let me ride him.”

With agreement on the horses reached, the group loaded their luggage to hang from their saddles and waited until the camel pullers were ready to lead the way. They weaved carefully through tunnels and the few remaining caravans in the gray cavern light and emerged into blinding sunlight coming over the eastern horizon.
Electra stayed close to Esme until she was sure the Barburee horse was content to carry a small rider. “Can you tell from your horse’s thoughts if he has been ridden before?” Electra asked.
Esme nodded. “Yes, I can tell. He has not been ridden. I think they plan to sell him. They found him roaming free. He was with other wild horses driven in by men who captured them, but the earthquake broke their enclosure and freed them. He is afraid, but he trusts me.”
“As well he should,” Electra said. She rode forward to check on Shalin.
“How is your horse?” she asked.
Shalin ran her small hand over the horse’s mane. “He is still frightened from the earthquake but he likes me because I am not so heavy as a man.”
Electra smiled. “A very smart horse. And are you yourself frightened?”
Shalin laughed. “No. I want to see the ruins of Kisher. Perhaps I will find more clay pieces with ancient writings.”
“We will search together. Perhaps we will find a chip that tells us who my ring was made to serve.”
Shalin’s face brightened. “Do you think we might?”
Electra laughed. “No, but one can always hope.”

They continued on until midday when they stopped near a stream to have lunch. Tandor took off his sword to relax.  “It appears only soldiers are traveling west,” he said.  “We passed two small groups riding fast on their way to Antok.”
“Yes,” Serafina said. “Antok must have been the most severely affected.”
“This is good news,” Physician Rabar said.  “This means we will likely have no trouble securing a boat to take us down the Euphrates.”
Electra felt tired after her morning’s ride and leaned back to lie in the grass next to the stream.  “An absence of trouble would be most welcome,” she said. In an unconscious gesture, she placed her hands over her abdomen.

Chapter 28

Kingdom of Sandovia

After a fortnight at sea, Phinn the Ambassador and his acting troupe arrived in Sandovia on the Kingdom of Henge. They had sailed the last few days over large swells. Most aboard were seasick and all aboard were relieved to see land at last.
The Kingdom of Sandovia was a barren, rocky, wind-swept group of islands. The ship’s crew had visited once before, bringing the exploding arrows that had solved King Gundar’s pirate problem, but the acting troupe had not been aboard for that mission. General Tribold had sold the weapons to King Gundar’s naval officers, given them a short course on how the arrows were to be used, and left with the bulk of King Gundar’s treasury.
Phinn did not know how he would be received by King Gundar. There was no affection between Prince Blackwell and King Gundar. The fact that King Gundar had started the trouble by sending fake pirates to raid Henge’s waterfront marketplace did not endear him to either Prince Blackwell or Princess Serafina. Phinn’s father, old King Blackwell, had been enraged by the attack and planned to attack Sandovia in turn. Only Serafina’s good sense in convincing her husband to charge Sandovia outrageously for Henge’s exploding arrows, thereby solving Gundar’s pirate problem, had prevented a war between the two nations.
Phinn saw the great ship, the King Gundar, at anchor in Sandovia’s port and tried to think of the best way to approach the taciturn monarch. Phinn’s wife, Juanita, joined him at the ship’s rail.
“Seems like a desolate place to live, doesn’t it? No wonder King Gundar spends so much time with his daughter in Manoa.”
“I wish he was in Manoa now,” Phinn said. “He probably knows I am one of the old King’s sons. I’m sure those fake pirates he sent to try to scare my brother into helping him go after Sandovia’s pirates must have told him I was there at their trial.”
“Do you think he might take us all hostage?” Juanita asked, seeming a little shaken by the thought.
Phinn put his arm around his wife’s shoulders. “No, I don’t think so. We only sold him enough exploding arrows to sink the dozen or so pirate ships that plagued him. He doesn’t know how to make the arrows and he knows he would be easily defeated by Prince Blackwell if he was resentful enough to try such a thing.”
“He should be a little less hostile when he sees we have come to entertain him.”
“Maybe,” Phinn said, his tone thoughtful. “But I think Serafina was right about people being suspicious of getting something for nothing. We should tell him we might be in the market for coal in the near future. I believe that is about all they have to export here.”
“Henge has plenty of wood for fuel. We don’t need his coal,” Juanita said.
“Perhaps he does not know that.”
Juanita shrugged. “How do you suggest we go about our role as spies here?”
Phinn pursed his lips. “They speak English here. We should be able to mill about their marketplace, listening to the gossip. I don’t imagine they have any secret conspiracies going. Now that they are free of pirates, they should be doing well with their coal exports.”
“Shall we report to King Gundar first? Let him know we are here?” Juanita asked.
“Let’s go to the marketplace first. Even if we are being watched by Gundar’s spies, it would make sense that we need supplies after a long sea voyage. We might get some ideas for what kind of show they would like.” He lowered his voice to a whisper, “Or we might pick up some of Gundar’s secrets.”

The actors were rowed ashore by members of the crew. Phinn gave the crewmembers shore leave and their wages, though he doubted there would be much to buy in such a desolate place. In this, he would soon be proved wrong.
As soon as they entered Sandovia’s marketplace, located along the outer walls of King Gundar’s castle, they were astonished to see fresh fruits and vegetables for sale. There were also flowers and spices, tropical birds and many others surprises.
One stall owner selling mangos and jams welcomed the travelers heartily.
“You picked a good day to arrive,” he said. “Only yesterday the great ship King Gundar sailed into port with another load of goods from Manoa. Smartest thing our King ever did—marrying his daughter to Prince Gallos of Manoa.”
Phinn had never seen a mango before. “Are these good?” he asked.
The shopkeeper smiled and pulled out a small knife. “I love seeing the expression on a customer’s face the first time he tries one.” He cut off a slice of mango and handed it to Juanita, then another to Phinn.
Phinn had never tasted anything so delicious. “I’ll take a dozen,” he said.
The shopkeeper laughed. “Never fails. This lot’ll be gone by dusk.”
“Make it two dozen,” Phinn said. “So will the king be here for long?”
“King Gundar?” The man laughed again. “King Gundar isn’t here. He hardly ever deigns to grace us with his presence anymore. Just sends his big ships back and forth. Coal and silver going out, and all the delights of Manoa coming in. I’d venture King Gundar is making a healthy profit while he dips his toes in the warm water of Manoa.”
Phinn didn’t bother to hide his surprise. “So Prince Thord is in control of Sandovia now?”
The shopkeeper shrugged. “Could be, I suppose. We don’t see much of him either. Likes to stay put in ‘is castle, he does.”

Phinn and Juanita caught up with other members of the acting troupe and handed out mangos as they traded gossip overheard in the marketplace.
Trixie was caught between wanting to eat her mango and wanting to share her ‘intelligence.’ “They’re lovin’ fairies here, I can tell ya that fer sure. Got little bitty clay ones fer sale and all kinda stories to go with ‘em.” She stopped to wipe her mouth free of mango juice with the back of her hand.
“These are great,” Bear said, licking mango juice from his fingers. “You shoulda bought the lot ‘a them. Lotsa miners here, workin’ the coal deposits, but there’s a trade in silver as well.  They make some fancy stuff outa silver—quite a few shops carry them.”
“Any talk of conspiracies or plans for attacking Henge?” Phinn asked.
Angie spoke up. “Tom an’ me tole ‘em right out we was actors from Henge an’ they just looked at us like we was some kinda heroes.  Said—‘you was the ones took out our pirates.’  One even gave us each a free glass ‘a ale.”
Tom nodded in agreement.
Smiles patted Tom on the back and his big hand sent Tom swaying to catch his balance. Smiles caught Tom by the top of his tunic to steady him. “They all like actor folk here. Specially after I tole ‘em we got flying fairies in our show.  We’ll need ta find a big open space cause everbody’s gonna wanna come.”

Chapter 29

Kingdom of Sandovia

Phinn was relieved to hear that King Gundar was not in residence. He knew King Gundar often left his eldest son, Prince Thord, in charge. Because of this, no one in Henge had ever met Prince Thord. He never seemed able to get out of Sandovia to visit any other kingdoms. Phinn hoped Thord had not inherited his father’s prickly manner.
Turning to his fellow actors, Phinn said, “I suppose I had best pay a visit to Sandovia’s castle and ask Prince Thord’s permission to put on a performance here.”
No one volunteered to go with him. He looked at his wife. “Juanita, would you like to see the castle?”
“I would.” She looked up at what little she could see of the castle behind the high walls surrounding it. “Do you think it’s safe? Should we have a plan in case we don’t come back out?”
Phinn turned to view the castle behind him. “If we end up in the dungeon, there’s not much hope of a rescue.”
“We could dig a tunnel,” Tom said in a sincere tone of voice.
“Thanks,” Phinn said, smiling at Tom. “I’m sure we will be treated as guests. But if we don’t come out by sundown, you should take the Kingdom of Henge back to Henge and tell old King Blackwell what happened. He will know what to do.”
“Aye, he’ll know fer sure,” Bear said. “He’ll be sendin’ the whole a Henge’s army over here ta take over Sandovia like he wanted to as soon as he saw what ole Gundar was up ta with ‘is fake pirate raid.”
“And I’m sure Prince Thord knows that,” Phinn said. “So I don’t think we have anything to worry about.”
Phinn took a deep breath, held Juanita’s hand in his, and started for the castle gate.
“We’ll be right here waiting,” Tom called after them.
Phinn gave a little backwards wave and continued on to the heavily guarded gate.

“We would like to see Prince Thord,” Phinn said to the soldier stationed at the entrance gate.
“What is your business with the Prince?” the guard asked.
“We are ambassadors from the Kingdom of Henge. I am Phinn and this is my wife, Juanita.”
Juanita gave the guard her most sincere smile.
“Is the Prince expecting you?” the guard asked.
“No,” Phinn said. “We have brought an acting troupe. We are goodwill ambassadors. We have come to put on a play for the king and whoever else he chooses to invite – even up to all his subjects.”
The soldier allowed his surprise to creep into his expression. “You wish to entertain His Majesty with a play?”
“Yes,” Phinn said.
The soldier seemed to have a moment of indecision. Then he called out to a man behind him. “Sven, take over here while I deliver a message to Prince Thord.”
Sven saluted and moved up to take the first soldier’s place at the gate.

A few minutes later the first soldier returned and motioned to Phinn and Juanita to come through the gate.
“Come with me,” he said. “His Majesty will see you.”
They followed the soldier through the castle grounds, which consisted of a large open patch of bare earth and many outbuildings, some of which appeared to be barracks for soldiers. A few soldiers were engaged in mock fights beside the castle walls. Some fought with wooden swords and a few wore armor and parried with real weapons.
Phinn and Juanita were led to the door of the castle where they were placed in the care of an older man wearing a monocle and holding a parchment filled with names.
“I am Selwig, minister to King Gundar. I understand you wish to put on a performance for Prince Thord?”
“That is correct,” Phinn said.
“And you represent the Kingdom of Henge?”
“We do,” Phinn said, with a friendly nod that was almost a bow. “I am Phinn and this is my wife, Juanita.”
“Welcome to Sandovia,” Selwig said, adding their names to his list. “His Majesty is most anxious to meet you.”
Phinn let out a breath he had not realized he had been holding. “As we are anxious to meet His Majesty, of course,” Phinn said, falling quickly into his role as ambassador.
They followed Selwig down a drafty hallway, their steps echoing on the stone floor. The castle seemed a solid building for defense purposes but completely devoid of any ornamentation. It was a dreary place compared even to Henge castle’s utilitarian design.
Selwig pulled open a tall wooden door banded with iron strips to reveal Sandovia’s throne room. A single wooden throne sat at the far end of the large open space. No one was sitting on the throne.
A slight young man rushed forward, his hand out and a smile on his face. Phinn took the offered hand and shook it.
“I am Prince Thord,” the young man said. “Might you be the magician who entertained at Princess Electra’s wedding?”
“Yes, I am Phinn, now Goodwill Ambassador for the Kingdom of Henge. And this is my wife and fellow actor, Juanita.”
“I knew it.” The Prince’s smile grew even larger. “My sister and brother never ceased talking about you and your acting troupe. And you really want to put on a play for us? Even after that unfortunate incident at Henge’s harbor?”
Phinn put up his hand. “That incident is behind us. We are allies now. It is our mission to spread goodwill.”
“I only wish my family were here as well to see your performance. Unfortunately, they are all presently in Manoa.”
“No matter,” Phinn said. “We are honored to perform before Sandovia’s Crown Prince and your guests.”
“Everyone will want to come. How much will you charge?” the prince asked.
Phinn had an instant of clarity as he wrestled with his conscience. He felt Juanita’s hand tighten on his own and knew she was considering the same temptation. However, his conscience won out. “Completely free,” he said. “Goodwill is its own reward.”
“In that case, we had best move your performance outside the castle gates,” Prince Thord said. “There will be too many people to fit inside the castle walls.” He thought for a moment. “Let me come with you to the marketplace. I am anxious to meet the other members of your troupe. We can explore the harbor area together for a site that meets your needs. I believe you will find the Sandovian people an appreciative audience.”
“I am already overwhelmed with your gracious welcome,” Phinn said, being totally honest for once in his life.

Chapter 30

Kingdom of Sandovia

 Prince Thord, Phinn and Juanita walked through the gate in the castle wall to find Tom waiting in the same spot, true to his word. The other actors were not far off, browsing the marketplace, but within shouting distance. They heard Tom shout a welcome and gathered quickly around Phinn.
“Everyone,” Phinn said, “I want you to meet Prince Thord, who is looking forward to our play and wants to meet everyone in the troupe.” Phinn began to point out each actor in turn. “Here we have Smiles, who, as you can see, has the strength to man the ropes behind the curtain. This is Bear, who is a master of disguises and his wife, the lovely Peaches.”
Prince Thord stepped forward to begin shaking hands as Phinn continued. “Then we have Trixie and Angie, costume designers and flying fairies, Tom who is Angie’s husband and my oldest friend. And last but not least, we have Esmeralda, a talented dancer and my wife’s best friend.
Esmeralda tossed her long dark hair and put on her most flagrant smile before taking the Prince’s hand to hold it as she spoke. “Sandovia is fortunate to have such a gallant Prince at its helm.”
Prince Thord’s cheeks flushed a rosy pink. “You are too kind,” he said, trying to hide his embarrassment.
“On the contrary,” Esmeralda said. “It is not often we humble actors are treated with such generosity of spirit.”
The other actors stared at Esmeralda, amazed at her brazen flirtation. Phinn knew Esmeralda still chafed at her single status, feeling Juanita had deserted her when she married Phinn. Esmeralda despaired openly and dramatically of ever finding her own successful husband. Phinn hoped she would not go too far overboard in her efforts to find a man and embarrass them all. To his surprise, Prince Thord seemed enchanted with Esmeralda’s advances.
“If that is the case,” Thord said, “I must make up for the omissions of these predecessors you speak about. Please tell me if there is anything we in Sandovia can do to make your stay here more pleasant.”
Phinn noticed his wife’s mouth was hanging open and gave her a gentle nudge.
Juanita seemed released from her trance and quickly closed her mouth.
Phinn cleared his throat to catch the attention of his other dazed friends. “The Prince has agreed to walk with us down to the harbor area to see where we might set up our stage to accommodate a large audience.”
They began to walk down toward the bay where many ships lay at anchor. Esmeralda, standing close to the Prince, seemed to stumble a little as she moved forward. The Prince was quick to take her arm to steady her. She flashed another bright smile in his direction and then held onto his arm as she walked. “Thank you,” she said. “I still have my sea legs, it seems. It always takes a bit of time to begin to walk straight, once we hit land.”
“I know exactly what you speak of,” the Prince said in a genial voice. “We are a seafaring people, but the transition back to land is ever a challenge.”
“Is this really happening?” Juanita whispered to Phinn.
“It appears so,” Phinn whispered back. “I suppose anything is possible.”
“In spite of her faults, she is still my best friend. I don’t want to see her make a fool of herself. And I don’t want to see her get hurt.”
Phinn shook his head. “Of the two of them, I don’t know who the bigger fool is.”

The group settled on a large slanting open space with a good view of the bay. The slight slant would allow Sandovians a good view of the stage which would be erected at the bottom of the sloping sand, just above the shoreline.
Phinn looked around to advise Prince Thord of his decision and found him chatting amiably with Esmeralda.
“I believe we have made a decision, if it meets with your approval,” Phinn said to Prince Thord. “We will rope off the area over there that slopes down to the bay. It will offer a view to all, even a large crowd.”
“Yes, I can see that should work well,” Thord said. “We will assign workers to help with the building of the stage.”
“That is very generous of you. We are not accustomed to having help but we are appreciative and certainly will not turn it down.”
“The Prince is going to show me Sandovia’s blowhole,” Juanita said in an excited voice.
Prince Thord nodded. “It is one of Sandovia’s natural wonders. Perhaps you would all like to come along to view it.”
Phinn was about to accept the invitation when he noticed the slight shake of Esmeralda’s head and the silent plea in her eyes. “We certainly would, but perhaps after our performance. We have a great many things to see to at the moment. But you two must go on ahead. I can see Esmeralda does not want to delay in seeing such a sight.”
“Very well then,” Prince Thord said. “It is not far – just around the bend. As soon as we return I will arrange for some helpers for you.”
“Excellent,” Phinn said. “Enjoy your expedition.”
Esmeralda, standing beside the Prince, mouthed a silent thank you to Phinn before taking the Prince’s arm.

“Where are they going?” Juanita asked Phinn as she watched Esmeralda and Thord walk toward a cove.
“To see Sandovia’s famous blowhole.”
Juanita watched them as they rounded a bend in the cove. “I would never have believed it if I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes. Esmeralda has found herself a prince.”
“Let’s just wait and see,” Phinn said. “There’s no time to worry about it now. We have a stage to build, a script to write and a play to put on.”

The little group of actors – minus Esmeralda—gathered at a group of rocks sticking out of the sand at the water’s edge to discuss their script.
“There’s no way we can put on a play here an’ not have a bunch ‘a fairies,” Trixie said. “They love ‘em here.” Her hand unfolded to reveal a small silver fairy figurine she had purchased at the market.
“An’ they got a lota miners here,” Tom said.  “So maybe we could have a story ‘bout miners.”
“Good ideas,” Phinn said.  “What else?”
“Seafarin’ folk,” Angie said.  “Might not be a good idea ta have pirates seein’ as they just got rid ‘a theirs, but they got lots ‘a traders goin’ out on ships.”
“An’ silversmiths,” Peaches said, taking a small silver ship from her bag.
“Good,” Phinn said. “That gives us plenty to work with. “Maybe some miners hammer through a cave wall to find a sunny land full of flowers and fairies and treasure chests full of silver.”
“Or maybe they bring in their coal an’ it magically turns into silver in this ‘ere fairyland,” Bear said.  “Bit ‘a magic never hurts.”
“This could be our finest show ever,” Juanita said. “You’d best find a place for some Gypsy dancing, though. I have a feeling Esmeralda is going to want to show off a bit.”
The giggles of the other actors soon turned into raucous laughter.
“Enough,” Phinn said, trying to calm his own spasms of laughter. “We have work to do.”

Chapter 31

Outside Carmish on the Euphrates River

Electra looked over the flat floodplain of the Euphrates River valley and could see the silver ribbon of river in the distance. Being spring, the river was in flood and running many feet higher than normal, swollen with snowmelt.
Serafina joined her on the small rise to look down at the wide river. “We should reach the river tomorrow,” she said.
Electra stretched her back, stiff after a long day’s ride on horseback. This was her fourth full day in the saddle and she looked forward to another means of transport.
“I would welcome a boat ride,” Electra said.
Serafina nodded. “I am sure you would. Too much travel on horseback is not good for a baby.”
Electra was shocked into momentary silence. She had just begun to wonder if she might be with child. It had been many weeks since she had last bled. “You think I am pregnant?” she finally managed.
“Of course. You are a physician. Surely you must know yourself.”
Electra smiled. “I thought it possible. But sometimes stress…” Her sentence went unfinished as her smile grew wider. “I had hoped…” Tears of joy gathered at the corners of Electra’s eyes. “I wish Dagon were here. He would be so happy.” She wiped the tears from her eyes. “But how did you know?”
Serafina shrugged. “The signs are there to see. A slight widening of the nostrils, tightness in the breast, and,” she smiled, “a great deal of seasickness.”
Electra laughed at herself. “Yes, I suppose that should have been my first clue. I do not give myself high marks as a physician.”
“It is good we go now to find the history of your ring. Soon you will have other demands on your time.”
Electra clasped her hands to her heart. “May it be so. It is a thing I have hoped for.”
The twins rushed up to join them, holding handfuls of dates.
“We are making camp here,” Esme said. “There are dates here.”
“Tandor found these,” Shalin said, holding up her hand. “Do you want some?”
Electra suddenly realized she was famished. “Thank you. These are exactly what I crave.”

They awoke the next morning to a sense of excitement in camp. This would be their final day traveling with a caravan. At Carmish the traders would continue east on to Hara while Electra and her group would head south, down the Euphrates River as soon as they could hire a boat.
Electra splashed water from a spring onto her face and arms. She heard angry voices nearby and stood up to see where they came from.
Physician Rabar held one of the traders by the arm as he shouted in a language Electra did not understand. The trader held a purse in his hand. Electra recognized it as Serafina’s.
Rabar gestured with his free hand as he continued to hold the trader’s arm tightly with his other hand. Finally the trader dropped the purse and stomped off, his face red with rage.
Electra waited a moment before approaching Rabar. “What happened?” she asked in a quiet voice.
Rabar picked up the purse and swatted the dust from it.
“That man is a fool and a thief. He claimed he was only going to take a few more coins from Serafina’s purse to cover his expenses.”
“But you did not believe him?”
“No, of course not. He meant to steal the money and hope it would not be missed until after we parted company. He had pebbles in his pockets to replace the weight of the coins.”
“Should we not turn him over to the authorities?”
Rabar shook his head. “He would lose his hand. Then his family would surely starve.”
Electra nodded. “It might be best not to inform Serafina. She might do something worse.”
Rabar grimaced. He held out the purse. “Do you think you could replace this without her knowing?”
“I think so. She is making breakfast for the twins.”
Electra took the purse and made a long detour to approach their horses and packs from behind. She could see Serafina by the campfire, dishing out cups of gruel to Esme and Shalin. She carefully opened Serafina’s pack and slipped the purse inside, before walking to the campfire.
Putting on a cheerful expression, Electra sat down on a flat rock near Shalin. “By afternoon we should be on our way down the Euphrates.”
“May I take my horse?” Esme asked.
“No,” Serafina said. “These will be small riverboats. Too small to carry a horse.”
Esme arranged her mouth into a pout, but did not argue.
Electra stood up to look down the rise to where the camels were tethered. “We had best finish up quickly. The men are already loading up the camels.”
Tandor came up to the fire and scooped a cup of gruel from the kettle. “What was that shouting about? I saw Rabar arguing with one of the Venito men.”
“Just a misunderstanding about how much they should be paid for adding us to their caravan. Rabar straightened it out,” Electra said.
Tandor lifted the cup to his lips and slid gruel into his mouth. “It is good he is along to keep them to their agreement. I believe they are opportunists,” he said between gulps of gruel.
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “We are fortunate to have him with us.”

By afternoon, they reached the city of Carmish. The city had been well fortified at one time with thick double walls that now stood as remnants of stacked bricks. Newer structures and corrals built to hold livestock ringed the old inner-city.
The Venito traders decided to continue on as soon as they had resupplied their food and water. As they turned east, Electra could hear angry shouts once again.
“What are they angry about now?” Electra asked Rabar.
Rabar stood still, listening to the shouts. “It seems several of their camels have come up lame,” he said.
Electra turned to see what Serafina was doing, sure that she was somehow responsible.
Serafina was already walking along the banks of the Euphrates, pointing out boats and rafts to Tandor. She turned and beckoned to Electra and Rabar to join her.
Electra whispered to Rabar. “She must have known all along that they were trying to steal from her. I am sure this is her doing.”
“What you say may be true, but we have a little to gain by the accusation.”
Electra knew he was right. She let out a long sigh. “Let us go and see what she has found to take us down the river.”

Within an hour they were on their way downriver on a wooden raft held aloft by inflated goat skins. Floating with the strong current they passed conical structures made of mud along the banks, small boats made of papyrus reeds and many rafts similar to their own. Their next destination would be the ancient city of Mari.

Chapter 32

On the Great River

Electra sat atop their raft, scanning the riverbanks for wildlife. They had seen foxes, wild boar, antelopes and water buffalo. Their poler, the owner of the raft, who navigated the river through the use of his pole, was named Abu. He kept up a running dialogue with Physician Rabar, which Rabar translated to his fellow passengers when Abu stopped to take a breath.
Rabar cleared his throat and spat into the river. “Abu says the Great River, whose spine we traverse, walks at night when no one can see.”
“It walks at night?” Electra repeated with a confused expression.
Rabar shrugged. “He may be saying it changes course, as rivers do, over time. He says the river is in love with the sun, so it walks to the east to greet his love when she awakes in the morning.”
“Our friend Abu is quite the poet,” Electra said.
Rabar smiled. “He says the river has left Mari behind in its love for the sun.”
Serafina seemed interested by this last remark. “Mari is on the western bank of the Euphrates.”
“Yes,” Rabar said. “It is possible we will not find Mari where we had hoped. I know it was once contemporary with Kisher – a very ancient city, some four thousand years old. Even then it lay somewhat to the west of the Euphrates. The city’s builders constructed a canal to bring in water for irrigation and ships for trade. They were among the first to smelt copper and bronze and they wanted customers for their products.”
“They invented the wheel,” Serafina said.
Rabar’s eyebrows lifted in surprise. “I did not know that,” he said. “I see you have studied the ancient city in great detail.”
“I have. It is one of my pastimes. Mari and Kisher have a long history of alliances and disputes.”
“Please tell me more,” Rabar said. “I fancy myself an amateur historian but there is much I do not know.”
“Much can happen over four thousand years,” Serafina said, as she gazed out over the wide river. “I believe, from my study of Latin scrolls, that Mari has been conquered and rebuilt many times. Not only by Romans and Phoenicians of whom we still speak, but by other great nations which have risen for a time only to fall into obscurity. Mari is a city that has seen great changes. All along this river we travel back through time to the beginnings of civilization.”
Rabar was silent for a moment, contemplating.
Electra broke the silence. “But surely the remains of Mari will still be visible, just as they were at Pergama.”
Abu pulled in a fish from a line they had been dragging. He laughed and spoke to Rabar.
Rabar nodded as he translated. “He says we will have fish tonight when we stop to sleep. He says we will shop tomorrow at a great souk.”
“What is a souk?” Esme asked.
“A souk is an Arab market place,” Rabar said. “We will find out there what has become of Mari.”

They stopped the next day at the city of Hiri. Abu tied the raft to a tree at the water’s edge and announced to Rabar that he had relatives here.
Rabar held up a hand to collect the attention of those around him.  “Abu says we will be here for two nights while he visits his relatives.”
Everyone jumped off the raft and took the short walk to the souk.
“I will find a place where we might spend our two nights and see what I can find out about the ruins of Mari,” Rabar said.

After a fruitful afternoon of shopping, Rabar led them to the apartment he had found. They would have beds and access to a well for bathing.
“This is wonderful,” Electra said, inspecting their accommodations. “How I have longed for a bath.”
They brought buckets full of water from the well, heated some to a warm temperature and took turns bathing in a big bronze tub.
Electra felt much revived after her bath and sat in front of their fireplace with Tandor and Rabar to dry her hair.
“How did you find this wonderful place?”
“Abu knew of it. He told me how to find it,” Rabar said.
“Is Abu from here?” Tandor asked.
“I think he might be. But he lives on the river, taking travelers up and down.”
“Did you find anything more of Mari’s fate?” Electra asked.
Rabar’s face brightened. “I have found a man who will take us there. He is a nomad. We will need to travel by camel. He says there is not much left to see. It is covered in silt now from many hundreds of floods. But some treasure hunters dig there, looking for precious metals.” He looked off towards the room that held the bathing tub. “I thought I would wait until we are all together to ask if I should hire the guide.”
Electra followed his gaze. “Serafina is still bathing the twins. She will likely want to go.”
At that moment two very excited and clean little girls rushed into the room, laughing.
“We made the water stand up,” Esme said, giggling.
“Shush,” Shalin said, looking behind her with a guilty expression.
Serafina came through the door, her hair wrapped in a towel.
“The twins have made quite a lake of the bathing room, but I believe there is still enough water left in the tub for the two of you,” she said.
Tandor stood up. “Whatever you decide is fine with me. I believe I will take advantage of the tub while there is still some water left.”
Serafina stood near the fire. “What are we to decide?”
“I have a guide, an Arab nomad, who has offered to take us to the remains of Mari,” Rabar said.
“Then we must go. We have the day, tomorrow, to spend as we wish.”
“I will send word to him,” Rabar said.

They started out the next morning at dawn, each on a camel with their nomadic guide in the lead. After traveling ten or more miles through arid desert, the guide stopped and pointed.
Rabar translated his words. “There is Mari under all that mud and silt. He says he will take us to a place he knows where some of his people have found clay tablets and small bronze statues, but he cannot promise that we will be as lucky.”
They only had a few hours to dig if they were to return to Hiri before dark so they began at once to tunnel through the layers of silt that covered the ancient city.

Looking out at the sun’s arc in the sky, Tandor said, “We must start back if we mean to arrive before dark.”
“Wait, I have something,” Shalin shouted. She was working quickly to free the metal object that showed as a bump in the clay around her small fingers.
Serafina went to help her, using a knife to dig around the object.
It looked to be a metal figurine. Tandor leaned down and with a jerk pulled it free from its grave. He gave it to Shalin.
Shalin handed the figurine to her mother. “What is it?”
Chipping away at the mud with her knife, Serafina said, “It is a bronze piece. Possibly an idol of some kind. You were very fortunate to find it.” She returned the small statue to the child’s hands.
Shalin hugged the little bronze piece to her chest. “May I keep it?” she asked.
“Of course. You found it,” Serafina said.
Their guide gestured to them to mount their camels. They were soon off at a brisk pace back to Hiri.

Chapter 33

Kingdom of Sandovia

On the beach in Sandovia, the sun had set and torches lit the temporary stage set up near the water at the foot of a sloping rectangle of sand.  There was a chill in the air and the audience had come prepared with blankets and flasks of various spirits to warm them inside and out.
Phinn and the acting troupe were ready to begin. They all had opening night jitters. The beach area was filled to capacity – all of Sandovia must have turned out to see this play.
“Me harness is chafin’ somethin’ fierce,” Trixie said.
“Let me stuff in this piece ‘a silk,” Angie said, holding up a scarf.
“How do I look?” Peaches asked her husband, flapping her fairy wings.
“Like a fairy Queen,” Bear said, attempting a hug that would not harm her delicate blue appendages.
“I think we should start,” Phinn said. “The waves are too loud behind us for me to introduce us, so I’ll just begin with the flute and you fairies can fly in.” He turned to Smiles, stationed behind the black curtain. “Ready with the ropes?” he asked.
“All ready. Steady on,” Smiles called out. He had a network of ropes strapped to his vest and a black cable in each hand.
“All right – here we go,” Phinn yelled as he stepped onto the stage to the roar of the audience on the sandy slope.
The thin notes from Phinn’s flute were blown over the crowd by the wind coming off the water. Three fairies flew above the stage and gracefully dropped down to land on brightly colored toadstools. They seemed to hear something that frightened them and quickly flew away as a gypsy man and two gypsy women walked on stage carrying large burlap sacks.
The gypsies looked around the toadstools, obviously searching for something and not finding it. The gypsy man took out a mouth organ, leaned back on a toadstool and played some lively gypsy music while the two gypsy women danced sinuously among the toadstools.
Many in the audience rose to their feet, eager to witness this outstanding performance and a few scuffles broke out among those behind, whose views they were blocking. Soldiers with swords drawn held them up in a threatening manner and the scuffles quickly ceased.
A black box was discovered and the excited gypsies soon found they were able to put lumps of coal into the box where they were magically transformed into pieces of silver.
As the gypsies left to find more lumps of coal, the fairies returned, this time with the Fairy King who put a spell on the box to make it invisible.
The gypsies returned, angry that their black box was gone and angry at the fairies who flew just out of reach. The Gypsy man made a lasso and was able to snag the foot of one of the fairies and pull her down to the ground.
The captured fairy sat crying until the gypsies took pity and began to dance again to cheer her up.
The fairy joined them in their dance and showed the gypsies where the invisible box lay. She touched it and it turned black again. The gypsies were able to turn another bag of coal into silver before the Fairy King entered carrying flower wine.
The gypsies drank the wine and were soon tipsy and falling asleep. The Fairy King turned the silver back into coal, except for one lump which he left behind with the sleeping gypsies. Then the fairies danced to the music of a flute, hopping from toadstool to toadstool and spinning pirouettes in the air.
The stage went dark as the audience cheered and called for more. Torches lit the stage once more and the actors did a final dance on stage to the delight of the crowd.
Phinn and the actors stood smiling on stage as members of the audience lunged forward. Only the soldiers with their drawn swords kept the enthusiastic crowd from rushing the stage.
“I believe they liked us, perhaps too much,” Juanita said to her husband.
“They are starved for entertainment here,” Phinn said.

Prince Thord came on stage to thank the actors personally. No one missed noting that he shook everyone’s hand with the exception of Esmeralda’s. When he reached Esmeralda he held out both hands and she fell into his embrace.
“Well done,” he exclaimed. “I have never seen such outstanding dancing before. Wherever did you learn it?”
Esmeralda shrugged in a demure fashion. “I am so glad you liked it.”
“Liked it? I was overwhelmed by it. If only my family had been here to witness your skill.”
A slight audible grown escaped from Phinn’s lips. He stepped closer to Prince Thord and Esmeralda.
“When do you expect your father back?” he asked in what he hoped was a casual voice.
“Any day now,” Prince Thord said. “In fact he has acquired a second ship from the profits of his trade both in coal and produce. This is all thanks to Henge and your help in ridding us of our pirate curse. Surely you will stay and put on a second performance when he returns?”
Phinn noted that Prince Thord still held one of Esmeralda’s hands as he spoke.
“Unfortunately we have other commitments.”
Esmeralda looked at Phinn in a threatening way. “What commitments?” she asked.
“As you know we have left Princess Serafina beyond the Great Sea, and then there is Prince Avor on his way back to Taz…” He broke off with a vague wave of his hand.
Esmeralda looked as though she wanted to argue the point, but Juanita stepped up to shake Prince Thord’s hand.
“We were so honored to perform before Your Majesty but we should not keep you too long. I am sure you have important duties to get back to.”
After shaking Juanita’s hand, Prince Thord looked up to see the giant, Smiles, coming toward him holding out his giant hand to be shaken.
Esmeralda stepped closer to Phinn and whispered an angry sentence. “Why are you interfering?”
“We will talk later,” he said.
“I intend to be busy later,” Esmeralda snapped.
One of the soldiers stepped up to the stage to speak with Prince Thord. His words were drowned out by the sound of the waves, but his gesture out to sea turned everyone’s gaze in that direction.
A small black speck seemed to be moving over the dark water.
“That could be my father’s ship,” Prince Thord said aloud.
“We should leave at dawn,” Phinn said quietly to Juanita. “I don’t want King Gundar to see what seems to be developing between his son and Esmeralda. We are supposed to be goodwill ambassadors and I do not intend to be the cause of new hostilities. Find some ruse to get Esmeralda back on the ship. Drug her if you have to.”

Chapter 34

City of Basri

Avor, Noyon, Ansolve and his family stopped to view the city of Basri rising up out of the floodplain. It looked to be heavily fortified with watchtowers and soldiers’ barracks. Avor could see it was strategically important, located at the point where the Euphrates River emptied into the sea.
Avor slowed his horse to walk beside his fellow Barburee soldier and guide, Noyon.
“Noyon, is this city before us part of the Great Khan’s empire?” he asked.
“Not yet,” Noyon answered with a predatory smile.
“You think the Great Khan means to take it soon?” Avor asked.
Noyon pointed to the watchtowers and the huge army barracks built on the highest part of the city. “They seem to think so,” he said with the same grin.
“Perhaps it would not be wise to enter the city in our Barburee uniforms,” Avor continued in the Barburee language.
Noyon jerked his chin at the city in a dismissive gesture.
“Perhaps it would not be wise for them to interfere with our journey.”
Avor judged Noyon correct in this statement. It was usual for the Great Khan to send envoys in ahead of his army to petition for a city’s surrender. His little group  would likely be perceived as such envoys here and treated with respect.
Avor nodded and smiled. “I believe you are destined to be head of a hundred before long, Noyon; you are very wise.”
They rode into the city with heads held high and people quickly cleared a path before them.
Hot and humid in early summer, the city of Basri was crisscrossed with canals and marshlands. The great Euphrates River branched out into a network of streams before meeting the sea.
Noyon was familiar with the Persian tongue spoken here and quickly found them lodging for the night. They stayed on the upper level of a caravansary where they could take advantage of cool breezes under the stars. Their horses were stabled beneath them.
Avor asked Noyon to procure a blank scroll and quill from the caravansary warden.
“I want to send a message on to Fernland before we reach Taz. Will the message find transport from here?” he asked.
“Yes,” Noyon said. “It will travel by caravan to the Great Sea and from there by ship to Fernland.”
“Good,” Avor said.

Noyon brought him scroll and pen, then excused himself to see to the horses. Ansolve went with his wife and son to the bazaar to buy food for the next leg of their journey. Avor was left alone to put his thoughts in order. I have been gone from home more than two years. Once I reach Taz what do I want to do? I could stay in the Great Khan’s Army. I have delivered Cogatin to her new husband as the Great Khan ordered. I could send word to him asking for a new assignment but that would be tantamount to officially joining his Army. There would be no turning back from that.
He ran his fingers through his hair. That was not what he wanted for a future. Surely his future lay in Fernland – but he felt himself a soldier now – not a ship builder’s apprentice. Nor was he interested in managing disputes at his father’s side in Fernland’s Royal Court.
He twirled the quill in his fingers as he stared at the blank scroll before him. Then he dipped his feather in ink and began to write.

Esteemed Father and Mother,
I know it has been many months since I last wrote of my mission to bring the Princess Cogatin to her new kingdom on the western edge of the Great Khan’s empire. It was a long journey without any news to report. Now that task has been accomplished and, being this far west, I have set my present course on arriving in Taz within the next month.
Once in Taz I will have the choice of returning to Fernland or accepting another command from the Great Khan. I, of course, hope to visit Fernland to see you both, but find myself set in the ways of a soldier.
Think you I might be of use in that capacity in Fernland? I know, Father, that you have done away with the office of Minister of War, but I feel some employment along those lines might be the only employment I am now fitted for.
I could envision an increase in the Palace Guard to allow for a small standing army and a change of direction at the boat works to encompass a small navy. After my years of service with the Great Khan I see the value of maintaining such a body of armed forces.
Though I do not think we need fear any hostilities from Barburee – indeed the Great Khan avowed himself grateful for Fernland’s friendship – I have seen in my travels how many great kingdoms have been overtaken again and again by various invaders. I now believe it necessary to mount a strong defense before such a situation develops.
Please send word to me in Taz of your thoughts on these matters.
I remain your faithful son,
Avor

Avor read the message over and decided it would have to do. He did not have another scroll and had managed to put down the gist of his thinking.
Ansolve and his wife, Aliya, returned to their rooftop lodging with food for dinner and clean clothes. “There are public baths here,” Aliya said, her expression alive with excitement. “For one night we will not smell of horses.”
Avor smiled. “No trouble because of your uniform?” he asked Ansolve.
“I believe people were a little afraid of me,” Ansolve said. “They gave us very good prices at the bazaar.” He fished around in his tunic and brought out the money he had left from what Avor had given him.
“Will we be staying here long?” Aliya asked. 
“No,” Avor said.  “I think we will push on to Taz. Once we reach Taz we will all have to make decisions as to what we do next.”
Ansolve lowered his voice and looked around to make sure Noyon was not behind him. “Is there any chance that I could take my family back home?”
“I do not think so,” Avor said. “You are a soldier in the Great Khan’s Army now.” Avor was quiet for a moment as he thought. “I might be able to make a case to the general in charge at Taz that I need you to accompany me to Fernland – if I do in fact return to Fernland.” 
Ansolve’s eyes widened. “Then tell me what I can do to make sure you choose Fernland.”

Chapter 35

City of Taz

From the deck of the Prince Avor, Dagon, Soheil the Scholar and Lars the Trader stared out at the white marble city of Taz.
“I was not expecting such a beautiful city,” Lars the Trader said.
“Nor was I,” Dagon said. “No wonder the Taz workers want it back.”
“I see no evidence of its being a conquered city,” Soheil the Scholar said. “The buildings all remain intact.” He pointed to a large scaffolding ramp. “They are building a ship.”
“Yes, most of the Taz workers have returned here to build ships for the Great Khan,” Dagon said. “Only enough remain in Fernland to complete the building of King Geoffrey’s new ship.”
“But where is the Barburee Army?” Soheil asked. “Surely they would leave a contingent of soldiers behind to keep watch over the boat builders.”
Dagon nodded. “According to Electra, the Barburee soldiers prefer to stay housed in their yurts. They are set up beyond the wall that encloses the city.”
“Good,” Soheil said. “I would rather not see them if it can be avoided. Everyone in the Province of Urum believes it is only a matter of time before Barburee sends envoys demanding our surrender or our death. Which we should choose is fiercely debated.”
Dagon’s expression mirrored his alarm. “How close are they now to your province?”
“Across a narrow body of water. These ships the Taz men are building may provide the means to attack us,” Soheil said.
“I believe the Great Khan intends these ships to be used in his takeover of China,” Dagon said. “Perhaps your province is safe for now.”
“Should we make our presence known to the soldiers beyond the wall?” Lars asked.
“They will likely come out to check on us,” Dagon said. “I will go first to find Haddad the Shipbuilder. I know him and he speaks English. He can tell us where Electra is staying and whether or not Avor is here.”
The Prince Avor closed in on the harbor and the ship’s anchor splashed into the sea. The Taz captain, who spoke no English, gestured to the shore boat.
Dagon nodded to affirm they would be going ashore.

Dagon, Soheil and Lars rowed ashore and headed for the great wooden framework built to contain the Great Khan’s first ship. They found Haddad the Shipbuilder up on the scaffolding directing his men in the placement of a large rib for the ship’s hull.
“Hello Haddad of Taz,” Dagon shouted.
Haddad looked down from his high perch. He called out a few more words to his men in the Taz language and then began to make his way down the scaffolding.
Haddad brushed sawdust from his work pants and shook Dagon’s hand. After introductions were made Haddad asked, “Is everything all right in Fernland? Is my father well?”
“Yes, to my knowledge everyone is fine there. I have come looking for Princess Electra.”
“I see,” Haddad said. “She is not here.”
“She came with Phinn the Ambassador aboard the Kingdom of Henge,” Dagon said. “They must have arrived by now.”
“Yes, certainly they arrived but Prince Avor was not here. They decided to go on to Pergama. My brother, Rabar went with them.”
“Where is Pergama and why would they go there?” Dagon asked.
“I believe they wanted to see the ruins there and in fact they did, but then they went further. I lent them the Spirit of Taz to take them there and they were left ashore close to the city of Antok.”
“What happened to the ship they arrived on, the Kingdom of Henge?” Dagon asked.
“That ship went on to Sandovia with the acting troupe aboard. After they put on a play here in Taz.”
Dagon could feel anger rising within his chest and tried to keep his tone civil. “So, Electra and Physician Rabar have gone to this city called Antok. Do you know why and when they might return?”
“Not only Electra and Rabar, but Princess Serafina, her two daughters and a guard called Tandor, went as well. And to answer your question, no, I do not know why they were going to Antok or when they will return. They sent the Spirit of Taz back, telling the Captain not to wait for them as they were heading inland and might be gone a long time.”
Dagon’s eyes bored into Haddad’s. “Were you not curious as to where your brother might be taking a group of women and children?”
“I had the impression he was going along against his better judgment because he did not want to see them go off on their own without a guide.” Haddad kept his gaze steady and slightly accusing.
Dagon’s anger slipped away to be replaced by confusion. “Do you think they were going to try to find Prince Avor?”
“I do not think so,” Haddad said. “They mentioned that they might as well go since Avor had been delayed.”
“What was the delay?” Dagon asked.
“He was escorting a Barburee Princess to Hormu to marry the King of Hormu but when they arrived in Hormu they learned the king had died. The Barburee soldiers stationed here were very eager for information when they learned what had happened.”
As if on cue, two Barburee soldiers rode up on horses and slid off their saddles in front of Haddad.
After listening to the soldiers, Haddad turned to Dagon.
“They want to know who you are and what is the nature of your visit here?”
“You may tell them I am Electra’s husband and I have come to transport her home.” He paused and asked in a low voice, “Is Bataar, Son of the Great Khan in residence?”
“No, he is with the Great Khan on his way to China.”
Dagon knew Bataar was not his friend, and had in fact sent assassins to kill Dagon, but Bataar was a friend to Electra, who had saved his life after he sustained great injuries. Electra had also come to be with Bataar’s wife when she gave birth to Bataar’s son. “In that case you may tell him I also know Bataar and have arrived in the ship that bears the name Prince Avor, named for the man who escorted the Princess to Hormu on the Great Khan’s orders.”
Haddad erased the slight smile creasing his face as he turned back to speak to the Barburee soldiers.
When Haddad spoke to Dagon the smile was back. “They ask if you wish to visit with Bataar’s wife who is still here in Taz.”
Dagon felt a brief moment of panic. He knew Bataar’s wife, Odval. For a brief time she had attended Electra’s school of medicine. She was self-centered and intensely inquisitive. “Thank him but tell him we must be moving on without delay as we need to find the Princess Electra as soon as possible. No, change that to ‘we must join the Princess Electra without delay.’ I do not want them thinking I need their help to find her.”
Haddad nodded and relayed the message.

Chapter 36

Marshlands

Since leaving the desert area around Hiri, the air had turned sultry. Tributaries of the river spread out into marshlands crisscrossed with canals.
Electra sat cross-legged on the raft watching Esme and Shalin as they leaned over the side to splash water on each other.
“We have stopped moving,” Electra said.
Physician Rabar nodded. “We may have drifted into a canal and lost the current.” He posed a question to Abu in the Persian tongue.
“He says the river branches out here and it is difficult to stay in the current during flood. All the world is underwater.”
Electra smiled at Abu’s tendency to exaggerate. “Can he bring us back to the river with his pole?” she asked.
“He is going to put up his sail. He says we may catch a breeze.”
Electra wet her finger with her tongue and held it in the air. “I do not feel a breeze.”
They continued to float with little forward movement. Tandor put his arm over his eyes and stretched out to take a nap. Serafina read from a Roman scroll she had purchased in Hiri’s souk. Electra watched the river banks and the sky for wildlife. Two vultures circled overhead. Something had died in the marsh.
Esme reached into the water for a turtle. “Look Mama,” she said, “a baby turtle.”
Serafina looked up. “Yes.” She reached out to take it from Esme. “It is a softshell turtle. You may keep it for a few minutes, then you must return it to the river. Be careful what you pull from the water. There are vipers here. Very poisonous.” She handed the turtle back to Esme.
Rabar listened to Abu for a moment, then shook his head.
“What did he say?” Electra asked.
“He wants to make a soup of the turtle,” Rabar said.
“I see. Look, there is a stork on her nest,” she said to distract the twins from dwelling on Abu’s request.
A small boat slid into their canal as two men poled their way past Abu’s raft.
Abu called out to them, and they shouted back, pointing in the direction they were headed.
 “Do you know what they are saying?” Electra asked.
Rabar nodded. “Abu asked them if they knew in which direction the main branch of the river lies. They say they are going there. It lies to the east.”
“Should we offer to help Abu pole in that direction? Electra asked. “We might stay here indefinitely if we do not do something to move along.”
Rabar shrugged. “Abu would be insulted. He is the captain of the raft. I think he expects to pick up a breeze.”
Shalin turned to listen to their conversation, then whispered something in her sister’s ear.
Esme picked up the turtle she had been watching as it crawled over her stomach and placed it back in the water. They watched it sink below the surface and then use its little legs to set a course toward the bank.
The twins continued to whisper as they lay on their stomachs with their hands making circles in the water.

A few minutes later the slack sail on the raft billowed out. A west breeze blew over them and the raft began to move.
Electra raised her hands gratefully to feel the moving air. “I see Abu was right to conserve his strength. Here is the hoped-for breeze.”
They floated along at a good clip and before long they overtook the small boat with the two men using their poles to push themselves forward.
They hailed Abu aboard his raft first with smiles then with confused expressions. A shouted conversation ensued for a short time until the raft was too far ahead to allow the two men to be heard.
“What were they shouting?” Electra asked.
Rabar’s face held an odd expression. “They said how are we sailing forward when there is no wind.”
Electra immediately turned to look at the twins. They were giggling together but stopped when Electra’s thoughts reached them.
They looked at her with innocent faces but could read her unspoken thoughts clearly.
It was one or both of you, was it not? You have learned to move the air to make a breeze.
Esme pointed to Shalin.
Electra nodded but said nothing.
Serafina looked up from her reading. “Enough,” she said. “You both know the rules.”
The sail deflated quickly, but the raft continued to move. It appeared they had picked up a current.
“What has happened?” Rabar asked.
Electra, with her back to Serafina mouthed the word ‘later’.
Rabar gave a slight nod and made no further comment.

That night, after they had tied up at the riverbank to go ashore and build a fire, Rabar took a bucket to the river to bring back water to boil. Electra followed him.
“What happened back there that no one wishes to speak about?” Rabar asked.
“As you know the twins have unusual powers,” Electra said. “You saw them at work in Antok when they moved stones and pillars from atop earthquake victims. They have the power to direct the course of water and now it appears they have the power to move the air as well. It was Shalin who made the breeze that moved our raft.”
Rabar nodded. “It is as I suspected. Serafina told them to stop.”
“Yes. They are not allowed to use their powers under normal circumstances. Serafina fears they will be kidnapped if unscrupulous people see what they are able to do. In fact, Esme has already been kidnapped once by a religious sect who believed she was their reincarnated goddess.”
“The two men on the boat saw that we moved with a wind they could not discern,” he said.
“Yes, but I would imagine they would attribute such a thing to many other causes before deciding it was the work of two small girls.”
“We shall soon see,” Rabar said. He pointed up the river where the two men on the boat were still laboring with their poles to catch up to them.
The two men waved and poled their way into shore to tie up alongside Abu’s raft.
A long conversation followed between Rabar and the two men.
“They want to look at the raft,” he said.
“I will go and fetch Abu,” Electra said.

When Electra returned with Abu the two men were already checking the raft for any secret means of conveyance.
Rabar translated to Electra while the two men questioned Abu.
“Abu says he believes it was the river spirits rewarding him for his work and love for this river these many years.”
Electra smiled. “Did that satisfy them?”
“I think so, but Abu has invited them to share a dinner with us. We shall see what questions they ask,” Rabar said.

Chapter 37

City of Basri

Avor and his friends set out from the city of Basri only to find their way blocked in every direction by a web of offshoots from the Euphrates River.
Noyon looked out at the glistening floodplain. “The river is in spate,” he said. “We would do best to backtrack and find a caravan route.”
“Should we head back to Basri?” Avor asked.
Noyon frowned. “The closest caravansary would be the city of Naj. It’s a two-day ride to the north when the river is low. We may be halfway there now, but the normal routes are flooded. Our light will only last another hour or so. We should begin looking for a place to camp.”
As they moved on slowly along ever narrowing riverbanks, Avor began to think they would have to sleep in their saddles when darkness finally overtook them. He rode up an incline to get a better view and stopped.
Avor blinked in the fading light, unsure of what he saw below him. It was a lake dotted with floating homes made of bundles of reeds. He rode down the incline to the lake’s edge and peered into the gathering dusk. A man standing at the edge of a small island that held a reed house noticed Avor and waved to him. Avor waved back.
Ansolve, Aliya and her son along with Noyon, joined Avor at the lakefront.
“Floating houses?” Ansolve said, his voice reflecting his surprise.
“It appears so.” Avor turned to Noyon. “Do you know who these people are?”
Noyon shook his head. “We have not scouted this region thoroughly. They do not appear to have any defenses.”
The man who had waved to Avor reappeared now at the side of his house in a small boat. He poled himself the short distance to the side of the lake and spoke to them.
Avor glanced at Noyon first, then Ansolve, to see if either understood the man’s language. 
Ansolve shrugged and Noyon said, “I do not recognize the language but a few words are familiar. I believe he is inviting us to come onto his boat.”
“I think it would only hold two of us,” Avor said. “Noyon, you and I will go. Perhaps if he has room, we can offer him money to put us up for the night.”
Avor and Noyon stepped carefully into the small craft. Avor could tell Noyon was nervous about traveling by boat.
“I believe the lake is quite shallow,” Avor said. “See how his pole hits the bottom quickly?”
Noyon shrugged and seemed to relax a bit.
The man poled his way to one of the reed houses not far from his own similar house. The man gestured for them to go into the house.
Avor and Noyon jumped onto the small island made of heaped mud and reeds. The island lurched a bit and Noyon grabbed for the wall of the house. They did indeed seem to be afloat on the lake.
The house was skillfully constructed of a framework of bundled and tied reeds, with a woven latticework of reeds to complete the floor and walls. It actually seemed quite comfortable and spacious.
“This would be much better than sleeping in our saddles,” Avor said. “I will offer him money.”
Noyon seemed unsure of whether this would be better than sleeping in his saddle. “There are only reeds for the horses to eat.”
This was true. The same reeds that had been bundled together to form houses, grew in profusion along the banks of the canals and the narrow paths they had traversed all day.
“They seemed content to eat reeds along the way. There is a little grass as well,” Avor said.
“It could be a trap. We wear the uniforms of Barburee. We are feared in all of Persia.”
“He does not seem hostile or afraid. I think we could rest here in safety.”
Noyon shrugged. “You are the Great Khan’s choice.”
Avor took this to mean he was still in charge and the decision was his to make. He fished in the pocket of his tunic and came up with a few coins of various metals. He replaced the gold coins and walked out the door of the reed house with two silver coins. It was quite dark by now and he held the coins out to the man who sat quietly in his boat.
The man looked into Avor’s open hand and shook his head. He made a series of gestures that Avor could not decipher, then poled away from the island.
A few minutes later the man came back, his boat carrying Ansolve, Aliya and their son.
Ansolve and his family scrambled onto the island, feeling their way in the dark.
“Are we staying the night?” Aliya asked in a hopeful voice.
“Yes, though our host refused payment,” Avor said. “Did you tie up the horses?”
“No,” Ansolve said. “We unsaddled them and hobbled them so they could move enough to forage. I brought a bag with some food.” He held up the bag so that Avor could see it in the dim moonlight.
They settled themselves in the largest room of the three room reed house and were preparing to eat the dried fish and fruit that Ansolve had brought when they felt a bump as something pushed against their island. Noyon already had his hand on the hilt of his knife as Avor stood up to see what had caused the slight movement.
Avor looked out to see the same man holding up a lantern and a bowl of some kind. Avor carefully slid from his reed house to the mud island beneath. The man held out the lantern and the bowl, indicating with the lift of his chin that Avor should take them.
The lantern was welcome and so was the bowl that smelled of meat and spices.
Avor again tried to give coins to the man but the man held up his hand, palm out, in a stop gesture. With a slight bow, Avor accepted the lantern and the bowl. The man nodded and pushed away with his pole.
When Avor came back inside the house carrying the lantern and bowl he found Noyon just to the side of the doorway, holding his unsheathed knife tightly in his hand.
 Noyon looked at the steaming bowl of food in the lantern’s light and put his knife back in it sheath. He smiled. “These people we will leave unharmed.”
Avor smiled back. “I have never seen the like. He refused money for the food as well.”
Sitting around the lantern that night, with full stomachs, they marveled at this floating city they had discovered set amid streams, marshes, lakes and canals.

Chapter 38

Antok

Headman Dagon, Lars the Trader and Soheil the Scholar arrived in Antok to find the city in a state of chaos. The residents were fearful, most dressed in mourning clothes.
Soheil spoke the languages of this region so he took over the questioning. The story he translated to his companions was one of devastation.
“They have had a strong earth tremor here. Many were killed, more were injured, their houses crumbled, food is scarce and their aqueducts are broken. Now they are mainly dependent on water from the Onco River or wells. There have been more tremors following the first event which transpired a fortnight ago.”
Dagon put his hand to his chest to still the rapid beating of his heart. “Electra may have been here then. Is there a hospital where the injured were taken?”
Soheil spoke to the shopkeeper before him – one of the few still doing business in the ruined market square.
“He says the hospital was destroyed. The injured are cared for by their families, if they still have family left.” Soheil continued to listen as the seller of cloth and dried fruit spoke. “He says he was lucky. He was trapped beneath a marble slab and two little angels rescued him by lifting the heavy slab from his body. Then a woman with the two angels set his broken leg.”
They all looked at the man’s broken leg now encased in splints and tied with pieces of cloth.
Dagon, listening intently, put his hand on Soheil’s shoulder. “Ask him how old he would judge the two little angels to be.”
“He says they looked to be about four years old, but they were likely not human, as no one could have lifted such a heavy slab.”
“And the woman who set his leg? Did she say her name? Did she wear a gold ring with blue sapphires?”
Soheil listened to the man who seemed eager to relay all that had happened to him that fateful day.
“He says she did not tell him her name. She spoke a different language. But she did wear such a ring. He noted it as she worked on his leg. He wants to know who she is and if she is an angel too.”
“Tell him she is my wife, who I am seeking to find. Ask him if he knows where she is now,” Dagon said.
Soheil shook his head. “He says he saw her and her friends helping others for a few days and then she was gone. They may have left with a caravan.”
“Is there anything else he can tell us?”
“He says we may take some of his dried fruit even though it is now very precious. He says your wife and her angels saved his life.”
Dagon took a bit of dried fruit but insisted on paying the man, thanking him, through Soheil’s translations, for the information.
They walked through the city, asking directions to the caravansary as they went along. They passed through incredible devastation. Some of the broken walls and columns were old already, overgrown with vines or partially covered in dirt. But much was clearly new, houses with walls partially gone, revealing furniture still inside. Walls crumbled with survivors still going through the rubble, looking for the bodies of their loved ones. Many temples and ancient altars lay in tatters, old ruins overlaid with new chunks of marble.
“It is difficult to take in so much destruction,” Dagon said. “Have there been many earth tremors in this city or is some of this the result of wars?”
“Both,” Soheil said. “This city has been conquered by many, including the Greeks, the Romans and the Persians. The Turks are now in control but perhaps not for long. There are rumors of new armies forming. Perhaps even some from your part of the world.”
“Not to my knowledge,” Dagon said. “We seem preoccupied with our own small disputes.”
Lars the Trader spoke up. “Is there a Vagan threat?”
Soheil shook his head. “I do not think so. Who are the Vagans?”
“River pirates. The worst kind of scum,” Lars said.
“I will ask around when we are closer to the province of Urum. It is difficult to know whom to trust here in a city where the whole world meets.”
They found the caravansary and Soheil made inquiries about a group that included two little twin girls, deciding that such children might make the group memorable.
No one there knew about any group that had been there a fortnight ago as they had all arrived more recently and did not intend to stay long, finding the city in shambles and food scarce.
Soheil asked if any of them would be heading east. He found one group of Persians who were on their way to Carmish, the next stop on the caravan route.
Soheil took Lars and Dagon aside, where they could not be overheard, even though no one there spoke English. “I believe we should join this caravan going east to Carmish. They are leaving now and we could accompany them for a reasonable price. It would be safer and faster than going on our own. They have extra animals that we could ride.”
Lars shrugged. He had been forced to leave his tools and weapons aboard the Prince Avor, as there had been no safe way to transfer them from the ship to the rocky shore where they landed.
“It does not matter to me where we go or when as I have no stock to trade. I will be learning new routes wherever we go and I have some coins to buy a few things for Queen Delphinia along the way.”
“This place, Carmish,” Dagon said, “this would be the next most likely spot to go if one were headed downriver?”
Soheil nodded. “Yes, for them to take the chance of landing on the cliffs west of Antok, it would appear the Euphrates is their destination. Do you think Electra means to take the ring back to the place where it was made? Perhaps all the way to Kisher?”
Dagon pursed his lips as he thought. “I do not know but it seems likely the ring and its secrets are somehow involved. Perhaps the twins were able to decipher hidden spells that made its return necessary. I really do not know what to think.”
Soheil gave Dagon a curious look. “Who are these little girls that the shopkeeper described as angels? I saw Serafina’s daughters in passing when I stopped at the castle in Henge, but they seemed ordinary little girls to me. First they are capable of lifting heavy slabs of marble and now they may have decoded hidden spells in the astrologer’s ring?”
“Forget I said anything,” Dagon said. “It is enough that their mother is a sorceress and may have instigated this journey for her own purposes.” He changed the subject quickly. “I believe you are correct. We should join this caravan that is ready to leave for Carmish.”

Chapter 39

Outside Kisher

Electra and her group of travelers were closing in on the ancient city of Kisher. The two men poling their small boat who had questioned the selective breeze which had filled Abu’s sail were still with them, two days later, and now acted as their guides. Hailing from a nearby city called Sip, they were familiar with all the tributaries and canals along the Euphrates. They claimed it was now possible to reach Kisher by water due to an exceptionally broad flood.
Mid-morning of the second day the two men from Sip waved at Abu in his raft and gestured to their right. A small village sat on the riverbanks there.
“Is that Kisher?” Electra asked.
Rabar nodded. “They say it is.”
Serafina looked up from her reading to take in the village.
Tandor stretched his arms above his head and sat up, repositioning his sword on his belt.
The twins stood up, edging close to the side of the raft to see.
“Come away from the edge,” Serafina said to her daughters. “We will be there soon enough.”
Electra knew the excitement the twins felt. They had been so many days on the raft. So many more days on ships or horses, and now their destination was in sight. Will it hold the answers to our questions? Will Kisher finally unlock the secrets of my ring?
It looked as though the two men from Sip planned to accompany them into the city of Kisher. Whether they had meant to go there all along or whether they were still suspicious of the breeze brought by the river spirits, Electra did not know, but she would guess the latter.

Abu poled his raft to the riverbank and tied up around tall stalks of papyrus. Rabar negotiated a final price for Abu’s services since he had been able to bring them all the way to Kisher rather than a point a few miles to the west.
Pocketing the money, Abu kept Rabar listening for a few more minutes.
 “Abu plans to go on from here to the river’s end where he will dismantle his raft and load it aboard a camel for the trip back to Carmish,” Rabar said. “He says we should try to retain the services of the two men from Sip. They know people here and could likely find us transport by boat back to the nearest caravansary. He is sure caravans no longer stop here in Kisher.”
Serafina nodded. “I think that is a good plan. Perhaps you could ask the men from Sip if they know of someone here in Kisher who speaks English.”
Rabar hailed the two men from Sip who had tied up alongside Abu’s raft. They all left their vessels and met on the riverbank.
Rabar negotiated a price for three pole boats to carry them back to the nearest caravansary when their business here was finished. He relayed Serafina’s question and the two men nodded enthusiastically.
Rabar turned back to his little group. “He says the bookseller knows all languages. They will show us the way.”
They passed by the remains of a huge ziggurat.
“This temple is very old,” Rabar said. “It is so old no one remembers its former uses.”
The building must have been huge. It showed traces of great ramps leading up to various levels of crumbling bricks. The four flat-topped levels may have roofed interior spaces, but the collapse was such that it was hard to judge.
“Stargazing platforms,” Serafina said with an air of certainty. “The star watchers probably lived inside.”
Rabar shaded his eyes as he looked at the ruins. “It seems as good a guess as any,” he said.
The crumbling walls of the ancient city now enclosed a small population of people living in modest dwellings. The surrounding lands were well-irrigated and there were produce stalls set up in a central square.
The two men from Sip led them to the door of a small shop.
“They say they will be in the marketplace having dinner when we are finished,” Rabar said.
They entered the shop and found it larger than it appeared from the outside. It was very deep with doors and curtains blocking off various areas, perhaps the shop owner’s living areas.
A small dark-haired man with quick movements and intelligent piercing eyes came forward to greet them.
“Do you speak English?” Serafina asked.
He smiled and gave a short bow. “I am called Abram and am privileged to know your beautiful language,” he said with an accent that did indeed make English seem a beautiful language.
Serafina wasted no time getting right to the point. “We seek knowledge of ancient astrology in this region and of gems crafted here thousands of years ago.”
Abram spread his arms wide to take in the totality of his shop. “I have all knowledge assembled for your pleasure. I have the ancient Babylonian incantation bowls, I have the magic papyrus, I have protective amulets in gold, silver, bronze, leather, and I have the healing roots, the bells, stones, cords and coins engraved with the spells from our best astrologers. Spells to protect, to cure, to curse, to find love. Spells that bind demons, magical gems. I have books, scrolls, parchment texts and tablets that reveal the secrets of the stars.”
Abram stopped to take a breath and Serafina held up her hand in a ‘hold’ gesture.
“Perhaps you have some ancient clay tablets of cuneiform writing that pertain to astrology?”
Abram smiled. “Ah, wise lady. I sense you are a scholar. You will follow me, please. I will take you to the special area that houses my most rare treasures while your companions browse amongst the wares.”
Serafina followed Abram through a door to another area of the shop. A smell of decaying parchment wafted out from the open door.  
Electra and her companions spread out to take in the wonders of the shop.
Tandor headed for a wall where several inscribed shields hung.
The twins stopped at a table that held a variety of bells, each inscribed with words which might have been spells. They began to ring each one in turn.
Electra heard Rabar laughing and turned to find him amongst the incantation bowls, reading the words inscribed inside a small bowl.
“Is it a jest written on the bowl?” she asked.
“I find it a jest, though I do not think it is meant as one.”
“What does it say?” she asked, peering at the bowl which seemed about the size to hold a morning’s gruel.
“It is a recipe to cure gout.” He smiled, then translated the words inscribed in the center of the bowl.
“Dig around the holy plant that is henbane, when the moon is in Aquarius or Pisces, before sunset without touching the root. Dig with those two fingers of the left hand – the thumb and the forefinger – and say: ‘I tell you holy plant, tomorrow I will call you to the house of…’” Rabar stopped reading for a moment and pointed to the bowl. “Here there is a blank space where a name can be inscribed.”
Electra smiled and said, “Please continue. This is most instructive.”
Rabar stifled his laughter and continued to read. “So that you will stop the rheumatic flux of the feet in this person. By the god who founded the earth and stopped the sea in spite of the influx of rising rivers, take the spirit of the mother Earth and her powers and dry up the flux of that person. On the next day, before sunrise, take the bone of any dead creature…”
Electra was giggling when Serafina and Abram returned.
“Could you show Abram your ring?” Serafina asked.
Electra held out her hand and Abram studied the ring carefully.
“Yes,” he said. “Yes, perhaps.”
With these few words Serafina and Abram once again disappeared behind the same door.

Chapter 40

Kisher

Electra continued to browse Abram’s remarkable collection of scrolls, books and charms. She noticed a book half-concealed on the floor by a curtain that separated a private area from the shop. The cover had no words, only a symbol for a fish, an oval juxtaposed with a triangle.
Pulling the book free of the curtain, she held it for a moment, wondering if it was an item to be sold or one of Abram’s personal collection. She opened the book and saw writing that seemed vaguely familiar. Not Latin, but something she had seen before.
She caught Physician Rabar’s eye and held up the book.
Rabar replaced the incantation bowl he had been studying and came to her side. “What have you found?”
“I am not sure, but I hope it is a book on fishing. Now that we have our fishing boats in Helsop, we have a steady supply of fish which I hope to sustain. Anything to do with fishing­­—the preservation of fish, fish recipes – all would be valuable knowledge.”
Rabar examined the script. “I am certain it is Greek, but it seems an older version of Greek than is familiar to me. I can speak the Greek tongue but my ability with written Greek is limited. It is a language I have always hoped to learn in its written form. Many famous Greek physicians contributed to the medical knowledge I studied in my youth.”
“Would you recognize the word for fish if you saw it?” Electra asked.
Rabar thought for a moment. “Yes, he said. “I believe I would.”
He flipped through a few pages, then pointed to a word. “I believe this is the word for fishermen.”
“I must buy this book. I hope it is for sale. I found it partially hidden behind the curtain.”
“You will soon have your answer,” Rabar said, looking over Electra’s head. “Here comes Abram now with Serafina.”
Serafina walked toward them holding two clay tablets with cuneiform indentations. 
Electra set the fish book on the table beside her, anxious to find out what they had learned of the origin of her ring.
Serafina’s face showed a rare excitement. “We have found another mention of the ring in Kisher’s history,” she said. “It may be a binding ring and without a doubt it was made for an ancient astrologer.” She pointed to a word on the clay tablet. “The proof is written here on this tablet.”
Serafina continued in an instructive tone of voice. “A binding ring is made with many enhancements. After much refinement it is placed in a sacred vessel made of a magnetic stone, around written or incised words. The words, or spells, are enclosed by the infinite circle of the ring as the spells are drawn and bound within it to become the servants of the ring’s owner.”
“But I am not really the owner,” Electra said.
Serafina shook her head. “Such a ring may choose its owner in the sense that only a person who already has the qualities that the ring enhances would be compatible with the ring,” Serafina said.
“Then I suppose the ring would seek out another astrologer, would it not?”
“Perhaps,” Serafina said. “It is also possible that one’s occupation is not so important as qualities such as discernment or empathy. I believe we will know more when we are able to see more of the spells bound to it.”
Abram spoke up. “I am sure you have no wish to trade such a ring for something as mundane as money, but I would be delighted to purchase it, as, I am sure, would our resident astrologers.”
Electra was surprised. “There are still astrologers living here?” 
“Certainly,” Abram said. “They provide me with many of the items I have for sale here. Though they are still watchers of the night sky, astrology is not such a full time occupation as it once was here in Kisher. They earn a little money by doing horoscopes and more by writing astrological wisdom and spells on amulets for our customers.”
Electra looked at Serafina. “We should certainly go to visit these astrologers.”
Abram nodded.  “They would be most anxious to meet you and to see your ring. Right now they are likely asleep since they stay awake all night, but once the sun goes down they will awaken. They live close by the ziggurat. You likely saw it on your way here.”
“Yes, we did see it.  It must have been a marvel in its time,” Electra said.
Abram smiled.  “We are fortunate to have even the remains after thousands of years.”
“I have a few more things I would like to buy while I am here,” Serafina said, glancing at the mound of clay tablets she had gathered so far.
Picking up the fish book she had laid on the table, Electra said, “I have a book I would like to purchase.” 
Abram’s eyes grew wide and he glanced around furtively, as though enemies might have just entered his shop. “Where did you get that book?” he asked. “That book is not for sale.”
“I found it on the floor, there by the curtain,” Electra said.
“It must have fallen from inside,” Abram said, reaching for the book.
“I really would like to buy it. Fishing is very important to me,” Electra said, clutching the book tighter in her hands.
“What makes you think it is a book on fishing?” Abram asked. Then he tapped his head lightly with the palm of his hand. “Of course, the fish symbol on the cover.” He shook his head. “I am sorry to disappoint you. It is not a book on fishing. It is…” He stopped and looked around again before continuing in a soft voice. “It may be a book about a great healer and teacher who lived long ago.”
Electra was surprised by this new information and blurted out, “But this is a coincidence. It happens I am myself a healer and a teacher.”
Abram took a deep breath. “Do you read Greek?”
“No, but my mentor Physician Rabar has just informed me it is a language that I, as a healer, should learn.” She still held tightly to the book, more convinced by the minute that it was a book she needed.
Abram bit his lower lip as he looked at the book in Electra’s hands. “I must tell you that this book could prove dangerous to you. It is a book that has been banned in this area. If it were noticed by someone who is literate and holds power here, you might even be detained and arrested.”
“I could buy a cloth satchel to cover it and pack it deep within my luggage,” Electra said.
Abram still looked unsure. Then his face began to relax. “Your ring may have been worn by one of the astrologers who traveled to the birthplace of the very man this book eulogizes. Perhaps you are meant to have this book. Perhaps your ring has led you here. Who am I to say?” He waved his hand in a dismissive way. “Take the book and read it with my compliments.”
“But you must allow me to pay for it.”
“No, it is yours as a gift. And if anyone should ask where you bought it, tell them it was a gift from a stranger.”

Electra found a cloth satchel to conceal her new book. Serafina bought an armload of clay tablets. Tandor bought a shield, even though he did not know what was written on it. Rabar bought an incantation bowl, though not the one that proposed to cure gout. The twins each purchased a tiny bell.
As soon as they had all their new purchases stowed away they left to meet the two men from Sip in the square. They had just enough time to eat a quick meal before dusk.

Chapter 41

Kisher


After an evening meal of fish and couscous, Rabar arranged for an early morning departure with the men from Sip. The travelers left their luggage with their new guides and walked back to the ziggurat to find the astrologers. In the gathering darkness, a line of palm trees formed a black lace silhouette along the crumpled mound of the former ziggurat. 
Physician Rabar pointed to a cottage with a flat roof, where dark-robed men lined up to ascend the ladder to the roof. “That must be their dwelling,” he said.
“Will you ask if we might speak with them?” Serafina said.
Rabar approached the men, pointing back to his group as he spoke to them in their language.
The men seemed cordial and smiled back at the group of travelers. After speaking with Rabar they continued to climb the ladder one at a time.
Rabar returned to his companions. “They will be happy to talk to us if we would like to come up on the roof with them. They cannot miss the rising stars and planets, but they will be able to converse as they watch the sky.”
The little group followed the astrologers up to their perch on the rooftop one by one and lay down on their backs to view the stars as the astrologers did.
“How unusual it is to begin one’s work as the sun goes down,” Electra said.
Though she had not meant this as a comment to be translated, Rabar decided to relay it to the astrologers.
He listened to their reply and stopped for a moment to consider their response. “They say it is not the sun that descends, but our planet which turns away from the sun.”
Electra gave Rabar a confused look. “Do you think you heard them correctly?”
“Yes, though it is a hard concept to grasp.”
Serafina pointed out various constellations in the sky to Esme and Shalin. “Ask them what they make of the Pleiades constellation sitting in opposition to the moon.” 
From her foster mother’s tone of voice, Electra guessed this to be some sort of test question.
Rabar translated. One of the older astrologers sat up to look more closely at Serafina. He answered with a grin, nodding with apparent appreciation at Serafina’s question.
Rabar turned to Serafina. “He says all will be well in the kingdom. He wants to know if you are an astrologer.”
“Tell him it is one of my interests.”
Rabar relayed the man’s response. “He wishes to know what you discern from the hired man becoming visible on the first of the month?”
“The rains will come as usual,” Serafina said, smiling.
Rabar said, “He likes you. He says you are a good omen. He will take you on as a student if you like.”
Serafina sat up. “Ask him what he knows of ancient rings made here in Kisher for astrologers to wear.”
Rabar sat up as well and posed the question. “He says this was a center for learning in ancient times. The art of metal plating was born here. Some of the ancient methods have been lost to time. He has no doubt that many rings were crafted here – some to be worn by astrologers.”
“Ask if he might take a look at Electra’s ring,” Serafina said.
Electra slipped the ring from her finger to show it to the white-bearded astrologer. Even by starlight she could see the astrologer’s eyes grow wide as he studied the ring.
Rabar relayed the man’s excited words. “He says this ring was certainly made here. It may have been made for Melchar, himself, the most famous of all the ancient astrologer priests. He believes the ring has come home. He saw it in the stars. Now the ring must stay here where it belongs.” Rabar took a breath, barely able to keep up with the excited man’s statements.
Rabar held up his hand to slow the astrologer’s remarks. “He says they would buy the ring from you if they had a fortune but they do not. But the stars will shine on you and bring you good fortune all your lives if you do this thing which is right. If you fail to do this thing which has been ordained, misfortune will surely follow you all your days.”
Electra put the ring back on her finger and moved closer to Serafina. “Perhaps I should give them the ring. I do not really believe everything he says, but I can see the ring is very important to them. I feel he may be right. Perhaps the ring does belong here where it was first crafted.”
Shalin moved closer to Electra and whispered in her ear. “He means to steal the ring if you do not give it to him.”
Electra stiffened at Shalin’s warning. She turned to Serafina. “You heard what Shalin whispered?”
Serafina nodded. “It does not take one who reads minds to see that he means to have the ring no matter what he must do to make that happen.”
Electra frowned. “I am not sure I wish to give the ring to someone who is prepared to steal it.”
Serafina shrugged. “The ring came to you. It is your decision. I do not think he will give us any more information on the ring’s history. He might think such information would make you more inclined to keep it.”
Electra shook her head. “Then I suppose we are finished here. After coming so far. It seems a shame, and yet we might have predicted such an outcome.” 
She moved back to sit beside Rabar. “Tell him we are in the habit of sleeping at night and so we must leave now.” She paused to think before continuing. “Tell him I will think about it tonight. I will give him my answer at sunrise.”
Rabar made their excuses and they waited while Electra climbed first down the ladder. Tandor was the last one to climb down, holding the hilt of his sword in a casual manner as the others descended.

Even though it was now quite dark, they could see shadows moving around them.
“I think the astrologers are following us,” Tandor whispered.
 They went back to the square and found the two men from Sip gathering their supplies to return to their pole boats.
“Might we make a start tonight?” Rabar asked them.
The men shrugged as they spoke.
“The boats are packed and ready for an early departure,” Rabar said. “They can pull out a short distance from shore but after that they will need to wait for sunrise to see where to stab their poles. We will need to sleep aboard the boats if we leave now. They think it would be better to delay departure until sunrise.”
Dark shadows moved in at the edges of the square. Tandor drew his sword.
“We must leave now, and quickly,” Rabar told the men from Sip.
Serafina picked up Shalin and Electra took Esme. Rabar took up their luggage and Tandor ran backwards, behind them, ready to fend off any attackers.

Chapter 42

Floating City on Lake

Prince Avor and his little group woke up in their floating reed house, well rested and refreshed. Avor stepped out of his house and splashed water in his face, wondering if he might strip to wash his clothes. He saw others exiting their houses to wash and shout back and forth to their neighbors. A few were already aboard their pole boats, harvesting papyrus.
The man who had given them their reed guest house was poling his way to their house with another bowl of food. With gestures, Avor invited the man inside to eat with them.
The man made a gesture of assent and stepped ashore with his bowl.
When they were all seated in a circle around the bowl of cooked grains with pieces of fish and fruit, Noyon attempted to speak to the man, hoping that he would recognize some of his words.
“We are on our way to Naj,” Noyon said.
The man smiled and pointed to the Northwest. “Naj,” he repeated.
Noyon nodded, encouraged, and continued. “The Euphrates is very high. We have been unable to get through on horses.”
“Euphrates,” the man repeated and spread his arms wide to indicate that the river was all around them.
Noyon took a bite of fish and grimaced. “Fish,” he grumbled as he swallowed the food he loathed. He followed it with a handful of grains. “The mud is treacherous for the horses even in shallow water.”
The man looked at Noyon with a blank expression.
“Mori,” Noyon said, accompanying the word with the perfect imitation of a horse’s neigh followed by another familiar snorting and chuffing noise.
The man smiled. “Mori,” he repeated the Barburee word for horses, pointing to the riverbank where they had left their horses.
Noyon nodded. “Mori.” Then he walked his fingers along the floor, repeating the word until he reached the bowl before him where he stopped his fingers, pointed to the bowl, and said “Naj.”
The man nodded slowly and repeated, “Mori, Naj.”
Noyon nodded enthusiastically and circled his hand to include everyone.
The man raised his eyebrows and pointed to himself, then the bowl, and said, “Naj?”
Avor realized the man thought Noyon was asking him to go to Naj with them. “He is asking if you want him to go,” Avor said to Noyon.
Noyon shrugged. “That was not my intention but if he knows a way to get the horses through these floodwaters, he would certainly be welcome. Perhaps he would take money to be our guide.”
Avor once again pulled out several coins, opened his palm to the man and said, “Naj?”
The man shook his head and stood up. He said a few words to Noyon which Noyon did not understand. Avor and Noyon followed him out to his boat wondering if he would offer to pole them back to the bank. The man smiled and left.
Avor and Noyon walked back inside.
“Does everyone know how to swim?” Avor asked.
Everyone nodded except Noyon who only frowned at the question.
“We might have to commandeer his boat the next time he shows up with food,” Avor said, only half in jest.
Within a few minutes the man returned with a bulging sack of supplies. He gestured for two of them to come aboard by holding up two fingers.
Avor selected Ansolve, his wife and son to go ashore first. Avor and Noyon went next, along with their meager supplies. On the narrow riverbank they found the horses grazing in a green patch of papyrus and herded them back to where their saddles lay.
As they prepared to leave, they noticed the man was still standing by his boat with his large sack. The man pointed to himself and then to the horses.
“He means to come with us,” Avor said. “He refused payment but he still intends to lead us to Naj.”
“Do you think he knows how to ride?” Noyon asked with a dubious expression.
Avor shrugged. “We could try it, but perhaps not on this narrow bank. He can ride with me for now. I will go first and allow him to direct us.”
Avor and Noyon helped the man onto his horse, putting him in front where he could see the way clearly. Avor hopped on behind him. “Naj,” he said in a loud voice.
“Naj,” the man repeated.
Avor rode slowly along the narrow strip of land between the lake on one side and a canal on the other. When the strip of land petered out the man directed him into the shallow water. Avor feared the mud would mire the horses, but the water remained shallow and they soon came to another spit of land that took them in a northerly direction.
Avor began to breathe a little easier. They walked over dry land for most of the morning, only entering flooded plains for brief stretches.
At midday they stopped and made lunch under a forest of date palms. The man pulled food from his large sack. Sweet dates fresh from the trees made the meal memorable.
After lunch, their guide directed them a bit to the northwest, with vague gestures and words that remained unknown. They kept to a steady pace until sunset, when the man began to wave his hand in the direction from which they had come.
“I think he intends to leave us at this point,” Avor said.
The man made his intentions crystal-clear when he began to draw a map in the dirt. He first made a point to indicate where they were as he poked a stick in the ground and spread his arms to indicate their surroundings. Then he made another hole in the ground which he pronounced Naj. He joined the two points with a line that went first west, then north.
Avor mimicked his movements to show that he understood. First west, then north to Naj.
The man nodded and handed Avor his sack which was still quite full.
Avor shook his hand and tried to hand the food back. The man refused to take it. He turned away and started walking back to the south.
Avor hoped the man knew people in the area who could loan him a boat to return to his lake.
“I have never seen such hospitality,” Avor said.
Noyon nodded. “The Great Khan shall hear of this.”
They decided to spend the night where they were, near a bend in the Great River, and leave for Naj at daybreak.

Chapter 43

On the Euphrates River


The men from Sip led their three-boat flotilla southeast rather than northwest – the direction their passengers intended to go.
Slouched in the well of her small craft, Electra breathed in ragged breaths after running away from the astrologers. “Why are our guides taking us downriver?” she asked Rabar
“Our polers need to catch the current to take us away quickly. Hopefully the astrologers have no boats to follow.”
A bitter tone crept into Electra’s voice. “I thought to give them the ring since it meant so much to them, but I did not like the idea of giving it to men ready to steal to have what they lusted after.”
“I would have felt the same,” Rabar said in a gentle voice. “This will not delay us by much. Our guides say there is a small caravansary at Naj where caravans going to and from Arabia stop to rest and replenish supplies. They say Naj was once an important city but now the Great River has left it behind. The branch of the river that once ran through their city has changed course and now they can only reach it by water when the river is in spate.”
“What shall we do if the astrologers follow us?” Electra asked. “I do not want anyone’s death or injuries on my heart.”
Rabar was quiet for a moment. “You have a physician’s heart, as do I. We have taken a vow. I cannot answer that question for you.”
Electra looked out over the dark water, trying to see the other two boats. They had all run for the water and jumped into the waiting boats when the astrologers, dressed in black to make themselves shadows in the night, had closed in around them. She and Rabar had jumped in one boat, Serafina and the twins in another. Tandor had made sure he was in the last boat to leave, ready to fend off any attack from the rear.
She thought she could see the outline of a boat to their starboard side, but was not sure. Sound carried a long way over water and she did not want to chance calling out to them in case they were being pursued. 
 “We may as well sleep,” Rabar said. These men from Sip look to the stars to navigate the current. We should be in Naj by morning.”
“Yes, I will try to sleep,” Electra said. She slid her feet across the narrow width of the boat and scrunched her body into the scant space. It was impossible to find a comfortable position. 
Looking up at the dome of stars overhead, Electra picked out the few constellations she knew by sight. She thought about the astrologers and their frenzy to possess the ring. What powers did they imagine the ring might offer them? Were they correct in their thinking? Did they really just want a valuable ring, worth much for its gold content? Did they plan to sell it? Were they seeking wealth? Power? Honor? Secrets held by the stars overhead? She held the ring close to her face. “Are you a blessing or curse?” she murmured softly.
Electra thought about the two spells Shalin had seen written on the ring. By careful study of the stars, death may be thwarted. Follow the seven sisters constellation closely as it travels through the sky. She wondered if those two spells would have meant something to the astrologers. Finally she shook her head. The puzzle is not mine to solve. I am quite sure of that.

Electra drifted into a fitful sleep and awoke to find the sky turning light above.
She sat up and groaned. It seemed every part of her body ached from her cramped sleep. She felt her abdomen, worried for the child she carried. No harm must come to it for her foolishness in refusing to give up her ring.
The men from Sip shouted to one another from their boats and began to pole to the west, out of the current. Within an hour they reached the once great city which was now a village, isolated along a dirt road, its former glory covered in layers of silt.
The village had a small walled-in caravansary. After paying the boat polers and extending their thanks for a quick departure from Kisher, the group headed for the caravansary. They had no animals, but they wanted to be ready, should a caravan heading north come through.

The caravansary, an enclosed courtyard, housed a kitchen of sorts built into the wall. Electra looked around the small space. “We will be able to cook a meal over the fire pit,” she said. 
“There is water in the cistern,” Serafina said, walking toward a place in the wall where sleeping alcoves had been hollowed out.
 “Do you think we were followed?” Electra asked, as she began to unpack their supplies.
“Yes, of course. Their hunger for the ring is great,” Serafina said.
Electra sighed. “I would rather give it to them then see anyone hurt.”
Serafina look surprised. “You would give a valuable ring to thieves? Willingly?”
“Perhaps not willingly, but yes, to avoid bloodshed.”
“There will be no bloodshed,” Serafina said as she sprinkled oak flakes into a pot of boiling water.
“What do you mean?”
“I will conjure a force field along the riverbank. If they try to attack us, I will force them back into the river to drown.”
Electra was struck dumb by Serafina’s certainty in her ability to perform such a feat, and her evident lack of concern for the lives of the astrologers. She struggled to find words that would stop Serafina from putting such a plan into action without giving offense.
“I believe the ring itself will tell me what I should do if the astrologers should follow us, still convinced the ring is rightfully theirs.”
Serafina raised an eyebrow, then shrugged. “I think I will go into the village to buy some milk for the twins. Perhaps some eggs as well. Do you want to come with me?”
“No, I will stay here and finish the gruel. I am sure no one slept well during the night. Perhaps with full stomachs we might all take naps.”
Electra watched Serafina as she walked away, hoping she would head toward the village rather than the riverbank. She was relieved to see the sorceress turn toward the village. 
The twins were asleep in an alcove. She and Serafina had carried them, still slumbering, from the boat.
She kissed each little girl to wake her. “Are you hungry?” she asked.
Shalin stretched and sat up.
“Did the thieves take your ring?” she asked.
“No, I still have it,” Electra said, holding her hand out so that Shalin could see the ring still on her finger.
“Good,” Shalin said. “I still have more spells to find in it.”
Electra smiled. “The ring speaks to you. Perhaps you are the one who should wear it.”
Shalin’s eyes grew wide. “It is your ring.”
“I know, I am only teasing you,” Electra said. “Do not worry about the ring. For now, breakfast is more important.”
Shalin and Esme followed Electra from their beds, along the wall that passed the tall narrow door of the enclosure on their way to the built-in kitchen. As they drew abreast of the tall door, Esme looked out and pointed. “Look, more boats are coming.”

Chapter 44

Village of Naj


Electra knew at once it was the astrologers, come to take her ring. They still wore the black outfits that had blended with the shadows in the night. Now, in daylight, against the blue floodwaters, they stood out like ravens in a summer sky.
Pulling the twins closer, she searched for a safe place to hide them. Looking frantically around the empty enclosure, she realized there were no hiding places.
“Stay behind me,” she ordered, walking through the tall camel gate.
She decided she would simply throw the ring to them and tell them to go in peace. More worrisome than surrendering her ring, was where Tandor and Serafina might be and what acts of violence they might attempt to thwart these persistent thieves.
The astrologers dragged their boats ashore. As they jumped from their boats, they drew long curved knives from beneath their cumber bunds.
Something moved at the corner of her eye. She whipped her head around to see Tandor running toward the astrologers, sword drawn.
“No,” she shouted. “I will give them what they want, do not attack them.”
Tandor, frowning with reluctance, lowered his sword and stopped running, but he did not return the sword to its sheath. He appeared to be watching something behind Electra’s back.
Electra turned to see Serafina. She had placed her market purchases at her feet. With arms raised, fingers spread wide, and her face lifted to the sky, she began to chant.
The astrologers advanced slowly toward Electra. They paid no attention to Serafina and her chants, likely not aware of the danger coming from that quarter. All their attention was focused on Electra and her ring. The gold on her finger flashed in the rising sun.
“Serafina, stop. Look, I am giving them the ring.”
She took off her ring and held it up for all to see. 
Serafina stopped chanting. She watched to see if Electra would carry through on her words.
The astrologers had closed to within twenty feet when Electra gave the heavy ring a mighty throw into the armed mob. One of the younger men, likely an apprentice, caught the ring in midair.
“Take it and act in a way to honor the ring. Leave us in peace,” Electra shouted.
The astrologers huddled around the young man who had caught the ring. The white-bearded older man, who appeared to be their leader, paused to make a formal bow in Electra’s direction before turning back to the boats.
When they reached their boats, the white-bearded man held out his hand to the young man who had caught the ring. The young man placed the ring reverently in his master’s hand and backed away.
Just as the white-bearded man was about to put the ring on his finger, the shiny gold band leapt from his hand and sailed through the air like a glistening hummingbird, into the waiting, upraised hand of Shalin.
Electra had not even been aware that the child had moved from behind her to stand beside her.
Electra did not shout out her frustration at what Shalin had done. She knew in Shalin’s four-year-old code of right and wrong that the astrologers should not be allowed to take something that was not theirs to take. Serafina had raised the twins to be fearless, so the deadly curved knives of the astrologers would likely not be a factor in Shalin’s thinking.
The astrologers stood frozen in place for a few seconds, trying to make sense of what had happened. They were likely guessing the ring had been tied to an invisible thread or some such plausible explanation. Now they were regrouping for a second, more determined, assault.
As they edged forward with their drawn knives, Electra heard the sound of galloping horses, coming in fast from the south. She turned to see three Barburee soldiers riding at full speed, heading straight for the astrologers.
Electra grabbed both little girls into her arms and ran back to the illusory safety of the caravansary walls.
The three Barburee soldiers skidded to a stop at the water’s edge. The astrologers had already managed to launch their boats and were a few feet from shore, poling as if their lives depended on it, as of course, they did.

The Barburee soldiers looked around for someone who could explain what had happened here. They might have picked off most of the astrologers with their arrows, but Avor had not given the command to do so. It was not the practice of Barburee soldiers to involve themselves in local disputes which did not affect the Great Khan.
Avor dismounted and walked closer to the woman who had not moved. She looked familiar.
“Serafina?” he said, dumbfounded.
“Prince Avor,” she said, smiling, “What a timely visit you have arranged.”
“He looked around and recognized Tandor, his sister’s bodyguard, coming toward him, finally sheathing his sword.
“Tandor? You are here in Naj as well? Is my sister here?”
“Yes, I saw her run with the twins back to the caravansary.”
Avor promptly turned away from Serafina. He did not think twice about whether or not this might be perceived as rude. He hated Serafina. She had tried to kill him when he was fourteen years old and had come looking to find his long-lost sister.
He found Electra trying to comfort two shaken, tearful little girls. He wondered for a second if they might be his sister’s children. He had been gone for more than two years. But these were older, he guessed. Then he remembered that Serafina had twin daughters. They had been flower girls at Electra’s wedding.
“Electra?” he said.
Electra turned to see her younger brother, now become a fully grown man, and not only a man, but a weathered Barburee soldier with a short beard.
“Avor? Is that you? It is you!” She ran to throw her arms around him and he found himself hugging her in return.
When they broke apart, Avor stepped back and asked, “Would you mind telling me what is going on here? Should we be going after those men in black?”

Chapter 45

Village of Naj

Electra shook herself back to reality after spending several seconds marveling at her younger brother’s transformation. Should he and his soldiers be going after those men in black, he had asked. She looked again at her brother’s relaxed but curious features. His stance reminded her of someone. With a shiver of dread she realized who it was. Her brother’s manner reminded her of Bataar, son of the Great Khan. ’Going after’ was no doubt a euphemism for hunting down and killing. Her younger brother had become a trained killer.
“No, certainly not,” she said too loudly. Controlling her voice, she continued. “They wanted to buy my ring. I was afraid Serafina might try to kill them so I got rid of them quickly.”
Avor tilted his head in a familiar Barburee fashion. “They had scimitars drawn and ready,” he noted.
“Yes, well, that business is finished now.”
Avor looked down at his sister’s hand. “I do not see your ring.”
Electra looked down at her hand and was surprised to see he was right. Then she remembered that Shalin still had it.
“I have given it to Shalin.”
“You gave your wedding ring to Shalin?”
“It is a long story.”
“I should like to hear it,” he said, still persisting in his new deep voice.
Electra sighed. If she was to save the lives of the astrologers, she had best make it a long enough story to give them time to escape.
“As you will. Come and have some tea and I will tell all.”
“I have no need of tea. The gist of the tale will be sufficient.”
Did her brother want to hunt down and kill someone?
Electra nodded. “Fine. It turns out my ring was made in this region thousands of years ago.” She purposely left out the name of the city, Kisher. It would be too easy to find the men with that bit of information. “A scholar came to Henge trying to find it. He must have heard from someone, probably a trader, that I had it. The ring is the ring of an ancient astrologer and is thought to have magical powers. We came here to try to find out more about the ring and why it was so sought after. We made the mistake of asking those men in black what they knew of the ring’s history. They said it was made here and they felt they should be the rightful owners of the ring. I actually agreed with them to a point and said I would consider their request. But when I decided not to give it to them, they followed me here, deciding it would be an easy thing to take it by force.” She smiled. “Luckily you came along and dissuaded them of that notion.”
“And then you decided to give it to Shalin?” Avor still held that inscrutable expression that Electra found infuriating.
“Yes. She has unusual powers. She can see hidden spells written on the ring.”
Avor smiled. “And you believe a child can see spells that you yourself cannot see?”
Electra, thoroughly irritated now, began to see through the sophisticated shell to the younger brother she used to tease. “Would you like to see a small demonstration of Shalin’s powers?”
Avor shrugged, but Electra sensed a crack in his composure. His eyes searched the shaded walls for the child. “She has no doubt been trained as a sorceress by her mother,” he said.
Electra looked around to see where the twins had gone. She saw them back in the sleeping alcove, peering out at Prince Avor.
“Shalin, please come and meet my brother, Prince Avor.”
Shalin came out from the alcove and walked toward them, followed by Esme.
“I want to show Avor how you managed to save my ring from the thieves. He will not believe me, otherwise.”
Shalin came to Electra, still holding the ring tight in her hand. She opened her hand to give it to Electra.
Electra took the ring and held it out to Avor. “Take this and hold it in your open palm.”
Avor took it and did as she asked, though she could tell his patience was wearing thin. His mouth tightened with annoyance.
“Shalin, call the ring back to you.”
Shalin looked uncertain.
“It is all right. I will tell your mother I asked you to do it.” Shalin raised her hand and the ring flew from Avor’s hand into hers.
Avor’s mouth fell open and his eyes grew wide. “How did she do that?”
Electra ignored her brother and spoke to Shalin. “Since you have saved the ring from the thieves, I have decided you should keep it. I will ask Mother if she approves and if she does, the ring is yours.”
Shalin shook her head. “I cannot take your ring.”
“We will let Mother decide.”
Electra knew Avor would not like to hear his sister calling Serafina her mother. And she realized too late that she had introduced Avor as her brother, which would make him the twins’ brother as well. How quickly things become complicated when a lie is told. She would worry about all that later.
Serafina came in through the door of the caravansary with Physician Rabar at that moment and Electra was grateful for the interruption.
“Prince Avor,” Rabar said in a jubilant voice. “How you have grown from the young man we knew at the boat works. I understand you arrived just in time to prevent a quarrel.”
Electra hoped he would not elaborate on that understatement.
 “Have you completed your mission then, and your service to the Great Khan’s Army?” Rabar continued.
Avor smiled at the heartfelt welcome. “Yes, the Princess Cogatin has been delivered to her new husband, King Minab of Hormu.”
“Outstanding. Then you are now free to return to Fernland?”
“Perhaps. I will need to report in to General Unegen in Taz. My position with the Great Khan’s Army was never made clear. I am still not sure if I was his guest or one of his soldiers. Probably both. But since I completed my mission successfully I suppose I am free now to choose my direction.”
“And have you chosen?” Serafina asked.
Avor looked at Serafina with that same Barburee coolness that Electra found intolerable. “I am weighing my options.”
“What does that mean?” Electra asked. “Surely you plan to return to Fernland. That is your home.” Electra grimaced at her outburst. The twins must be thoroughly confused by now.
Avor merely shrugged by way of reply.
Shalin, who had been listening intently to this baffling conversation, had no doubt been waiting for a lull where she might inject the question burning within.
Looking up at her mother she said, “Electra says I am to keep her ring since I saved it from the thieves.”
Serafina’s eyebrow raised in a question as she looked to Electra for confirmation.
“Yes, I have given it to her.  I no longer wish to keep a ring which shows such an obvious affinity for Shalin.” With a sinking heart, Electra saw Esme’s expression of disappointment and rejection. She wanted to pick up Esme and tell her that she should have an equal share in the ring, but realized it was too late for that.

Chapter 46

Village of Naj

Electra looked at her family and close friends gathered around her. She wanted to hug them all, relieved they had survived the attempted attack by the astrologers and overjoyed to be reunited with Avor. Instead she seemed to be causing discord and distress every time she opened her mouth. She resolved to say nothing more for as long as possible.
Avor saw Noyon and Ansolve milling about at the tall camel gate and motioned them to come inside.
“These are my fellow soldiers, Ansolve and Noyon. Ansolve is a master crossbow maker who was drafted into the army after his city was conquered. Noyon was in my honor guard of two hundred.”
Tandor, who had no doubt been keeping an eye on the Barburee soldiers, followed the two inside the enclosure.
“What is a crossbow?” he asked.
“It is a fearsome weapon,” Avor said. “Ansolve has taught me how to make them and I will be making one as soon as I have the time.”
Rabar interrupted. “We saw a woman and her baby out there. Is she part of your group?” 
“Yes, they are Ansolve’s wife and child. They are traveling with us.” He spoke to Ansolve in another language and the soldier left quickly.
Avor looked around at the caravansary. “Are you waiting for a caravan?”
Rabar smiled. “We haven’t really had time to form a plan. We were too busy escaping from the astrologers.”
Electra decided she had stayed silent long enough. She did not want Avor to hear a full account of their escape. “Yes, we will surely join a caravan if one comes through. We were able to float downriver on a raft, but going up river is another matter. A caravan seems the safest choice.”
“You could ride with us if we can find enough horses or camels,” Avor said.
“I might be able to help in that regard,” Rabar said. “I missed all the excitement this morning helping to deliver a breech birth. I was out on a morning stroll when I heard the woman’s cries. She is the blacksmith’s wife and her husband feels he is in my debt.”
“He has horses?” Serafina asked.
“I believe he does. I saw a corral.”
“Let us go and inquire,” Serafina said.
Rabar and Serafina left to make their inquiries.
Electra took a deep breath, resolving to mend fences. “I am making breakfast. I see Serafina has brought eggs which we can add to the menu. Is everyone hungry?”
Avor translated Electra’s question to Noyon who nodded in reply. Ansolve returned with his wife and child and Avor introduced them. Although Ansolve’s wife, Aliya, spoke no English she appeared anxious to help Electra with the cooking.
Electra showed Aliya the kitchen and left to find Esme. She took the child aside to speak to her. “You were very kind to allow your sister to have the ring, even though she was disobeying orders when she called the ring out of the astrologer’s hand.”
Esme seemed a bit mollified to see that Electra understood how unjust her gift to Shalin had been, but she said nothing.
Electra continued. “I believe your great kindness should be rewarded. When we reach Antok, if Mother will allow it, I want to buy a bird for you, or any other pet you choose. Would you allow me to do that?”
Esme smiled and nodded. Then she moved closer, shifting her eyes in Avor’s direction. She whispered, “Is Avor my brother, too?”
Electra closed her eyes. She could no longer maintain this lie. “No, but he is your cousin. I am your sister because your mother raised me from the time I was born, but the mother who gave birth to me was Delphinia. That is why I am both your sister and Avor’s sister.”
This explanation seemed to satisfy Esme and she ran to tell Shalin about this new turn of events.
Electra found Aliya already cracking eggs into a skillet over the stone fire pit. She wished she could talk to this young woman who seemed to be about her own age. It must have been terrible to find herself in a conquered city and her husband forced into joining the army of their conqueror. The toddler was hanging on to his mother’s tunic, peeking out at Electra. She gave him two wooden spoons to play with, then had to borrow one back to stir fresh water into the overcooked gruel.
Avor came to see what she was cooking.
“We have gruel and eggs. Perhaps Rabar will come back with something more, now that we have guests,” she said.
“Any food will be welcome,” he said.
“I suppose as soldiers you are used to doing without,” she said.
“Actually, while traveling across Barburee territory, we were treated as royalty. I was given a golden tablet to carry which ordered everyone in the Great Khan’s cities to give us whatever we needed.”
“What was that about your two hundred?”
“I was escorting a Barburee Princess, so a large honor guard was required. I was assigned two hundred men.”
Electra stopped stirring. “You were in charge of two hundred Barburee soldiers?”
“Yes.”
Electra shook her head slowly. “You really are a Barburee soldier now. I cannot bear to think what Mother will do if you do not return to Fernland.”
Avor stiffened a bit. “Are we talking about your mother who is Queen of Fernland now?”
Electra pursed her lips in irritation. “Of course we are. Serafina has told the twins I am their sister. I did not want to confuse them, but I have just now told Esme that Serafina is really my foster mother.” She turned to face her brother. “Esme was disappointed to learn you were her cousin, not her brother.”
“She was?” His surprise was genuine. “She wanted a brother who is a Barburee soldier?”
“Of course. In her eyes, you are a hero.”
“Why? That business of the astrologers?”
Electra sighed. “You really have no idea how imposing you appear, do you?”
“I guess not,” he said. “But good to know. Perhaps I can merely stare down enemies in the future.”
Electra laughed. “Perhaps you can.”

Rabar and Serafina returned with fruit and news.
“We have horses,” Rabar announced. “The blacksmith sold us six at a very good price. We should be able to sell them back in Antok for at least as much.”
“And how had you planned to travel from Antok to Taz?” Avor asked.
“Hopefully, by ship,” Rabar said, “but if not from Antok, then surely from Pergama.”
“Noyon will not approve,” Avor said. “He is our guide and he does not like to travel over water.”
“It would be much faster by ship,” Electra said.
“Is that how you arrived?” Avor asked.
“Yes, Haddad lent us the Spirit of Taz to take us as far as Antok.”
“All the way from Fernland?” Avor asked.
“No,” Rabar interjected. “All the fleet is back in Taz now – we are under orders from the Great Khan to build bridge ships for his takeover of China.”
“It is war then? With China?” Avor asked.
“You may know more than we do on that matter,” Rabar said. “But it looks as though he is planning for such a campaign – by land and by sea as well.”
Avor nodded slowly and stared into the distance. “I see.”
Rabar brought the discussion back to their situation. “The blacksmith says we should head first for Dura. From there the roads back to Antok are well-traveled, and free of floodwaters.”

Chapter 47

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey sat at the round table at the base of his throne speaking to his closest advisor, Muller the Spy.
“Another day in court, over and done,” King Geoffrey said, wiping his face with a handkerchief. The weather had turned quite warm and even inside the thick rock walls of the castle there was little relief from the heat.
“Relatively few disputes to settle,” Muller noted.
“Everyone is too hot to bother filing a petition,” Geoffrey said. “How goes work on our new ship?”
Muller smiled. “The Taz boat builders assured me the King Geoffrey will be ready to slide down the stays within two months. They wish to know if Your Majesty would like to hold some sort of ceremony to commemorate the event.”
“Hmmm, that is the sort of thing Queen Delphinia lives for. I dare say she will want to organize something. I will speak to her about it.”
“And the ship itself,” Muller continued. “Have you any plans for its first voyage?”
King Geoffrey pursed his lips as he considered. “I had thought to send it immediately to China to bring back more of the white exploding powder, but now it seems we have no threat of war from any of our neighbors. How much of the fifty barrels you brought back last year are still in storage?”
“Almost all of it,” Muller said. “Only the best archers are allowed to practice with exploding arrows, and they are only allowed three packets a day.”
King Geoffrey breathed out loudly through his nose. “I hesitate to send a new ship to China without knowing what the situation between the Great Khan and the Chinese Emperor is right now. Does anyone know if they are actually at war?”
Muller shook his head. “We know the Great Khan has ordered our Taz boat builders to build bridge ships for him so he must be planning to go to war.”
“What do we know of these bridge ships?” Geoffrey asked.
“Haddad the Shipbuilder showed me his plans on our way back from China last year. They are ships with an upright ramp in the center that can be lowered down to allow mounted soldiers to ride across it on to land or to ride from land back onto the ship as needed. The ship will provide transport only.”
King Geoffrey nodded. Every time he thought of the Great Khan’s Army, he wondered if his son, Prince Avor, was in danger. “Have we had any word from Dagon yet? It was probably a mistake to send him off in the Prince Avor. He has no experience as a sailor.”
“No, nothing as yet, but if he is in Taz, he may have to wait to send a message until one of the Taz ships pays us a visit. I am told other ships fear to stop there while the Great Khan has control of the port.”
A Royal Guardsman approached them quietly. “Pardon my interruption. We have a message for Your Majesty from an overland trader,” he said.
“Bring it here,” King Geoffrey said. “Perhaps we have misjudged Dagon’s resourcefulness.”
The guardsman handed the scroll to the king, saluted smartly and turned to go.
King Geoffrey unrolled the message, looked at the signature at the bottom and promptly called the messenger back. “Who did you say brought this message?”
“A group of traders from the east. They said they had been ordered by Barburee soldiers to bring the message  to Fernland.”
“Are these traders still here?”
“Yes, Your Highness. They were on their way to our marketplace, I believe.”
“Find them and bring them to me. This message is from Prince Avor.”
“At once, Your Highness,” the soldier said.
“Is he in Taz?” Muller asked.
King Geoffrey raised his hand to hold off Muller’s question. “I haven’t read the message yet.”
As King Geoffrey read his son’s words he was alternately relieved and angry. “Pompous young pup,” he muttered, halfway through.
Muller was almost off his chair in anticipation, waiting for King Geoffrey to finish reading the message.
“It is an ultimatum from my own son.” King Geoffrey began to read the letter aloud.

Esteemed Father and Mother,
I know it has been many months since I last wrote of my mission to bring the Princess Cogatin to her new kingdom on the western edge of the Great Khan’s empire. It was a long journey without any news to report. Now that task has been accomplished and, being this far west, I have set my present course on arriving in Taz within the next month.
Once in Taz I will have the choice of returning to Fernland or accepting another command from the Great Khan. I, of course, hope to visit Fernland to see you both, but find myself set in the ways of a soldier.
Think you I might be of use in that capacity in Fernland? I know, Father that you have done away with the office of Minister of War, but I feel some employment along those lines might be the only employment I am now fitted for.
I could envision an increase in the Palace Guard to allow for a small standing army and a change of direction at the boat works to encompass a small navy. After my years of service with the Great Khan I see the value of maintaining such a body of armed forces.
Though I do not think we need fear any hostilities from Barburee – indeed the Great Khan avowed himself grateful for Fernland’s friendship – I have seen in my travels how many great kingdoms have been overtaken again and again by various invaders. I now believe it necessary to mount a strong defense before such a situation develops.
Please send word to me in Taz of your thoughts on these matters.
I remain your faithful son,
Avor

King Geoffrey looked up at Muller.
“I see what you mean,” Muller said. “Do you really think he might await orders from the Great Khan if you do not make him Minister of War?”
“I do not know,” King Geoffrey said. “But one thing I do know without a doubt. Once Queen Delphinia reads this letter I will have no choice but to consent to his demands.”
Muller nodded and stayed silent

The guardsman who had delivered the message reappeared with a frightened trader in tow. He wore the colorful silks of a Persian trader.
“Who gave you this message to deliver?” King Geoffrey demanded. “Was it a young man wearing a Barburee uniform who looked to be from Fernland?”
“No,” the man said in a thick accent. “It was a Barburee soldier, but he was an older man, a general, I think.”
“Very well,” King Geoffrey said. “I thank you for your service.” He looked at his guardsman. “See that this trader is given a gold coin from our treasury.”
When they had left, King Geoffrey stood up. “You are dismissed,” he said to Muller. “Have a messenger standby while I notify Queen Delphinia that we have a new Minister of War.”

Chapter 48

Port of Taz

Phinn the Ambassador and his wife, Juanita, looked out as the beautiful white marble city of Taz came into view. They had made a hasty departure from Sandovia a fortnight ago, fearing what would happen when King Gundar found out his son had become romantically involved with Esmeralda, an untitled actress.
“Is Esmeralda still refusing to come out of her cabin?” Phinn asked.
“She says we tricked her,” Juanita said.
“We did,” Phinn said. “We told her Prince Thord wanted to see our ship and got her to come with us.”
Juanita nodded. “She is convinced he was about to ask her to stay in Sandovia and become his wife.”
“Doesn’t she realize how much trouble that would cause if it were true?”
“She doesn’t care. She says we are just jealous of her good fortune. She says she will find a way back to Sandovia even if she has to swim all the way there.”
“How can she believe King Gundar would allow the Crown Prince of Sandovia to marry a commoner?”
Juanita shrugged. “You are a king’s son and you married me.”
Phinn chose not to address that fact.  Instead, he said, “We might all lose our jobs as goodwill ambassadors if we allowed something like this to happen.”
“I don’t know,” Juanita said. “Maybe we should have stayed out of it – just stood aside and let the chips fall where they would.”
“You might tell her, if Prince Thord really wants to marry her, he knows where to find her,” Phinn said in a sullen voice.
Juanita’s head jerked up sharply. “Do you think he might go to Henge looking for her?”
“It is possible I suppose.” Phinn shrugged. “Is she eating anything?”
“I don’t know. She may have some food in her cabin, but she hasn’t been going to the galley. I asked the cook.”
“Would she talk to me?”
“Probably through the cabin door, but she won’t open the door and let you in. She says she doesn’t trust us. We would likely throw her into the sea to be rid of her.”
Phinn sighed. Then his face brightened. You were both students at the school of medicine while Laleh was there, weren’t you?”
“Yes, why?”
“She is here now, in Taz. I saw her when we were here putting on our May Day play.”
“Why should we care if she is here?” Juanita asked.
“Perhaps she would talk to Laleh. Mayhap Laleh could take her something to eat.”
“Yes, that might work. Laleh is a good healer. She has a good bedside manner,” Juanita said. “She must take after her Uncle Rabar.”
The Kingdom of Henge slowed as the crew lowered the sails. They heard the great rock anchor splash down over the side. The ship slowly came to a stop.
“Do you think Prince Avor will be here?” Juanita asked.
“I am more interested in whether or not Serafina and the twins are here,” Phinn said. “I don’t want to return to Henge without them.”

Phinn and Juanita rowed to shore as soon as the small boat was lowered. “If we don’t find anyone who speaks English, we can just keep saying ‘Laleh’ until someone takes us to her,” Phinn said.

They saw Haddad atop the stays working on the ribs of their first bridge ship. It was a large ship, capable of carrying a long ramp against its mast, although the ramp had not yet been constructed.
Haddad saw them and waved but he did not leave his work to come down and speak to them. 
They saw two boys playing with sticks, holding them like swords to spar with each other.
“Laleh?” Phinn said to the boys.
One of the boys made an answer that Phinn did not understand.
“Laleh?” Phinn said again, pointing in random directions.
The boy laughed and motioned Phinn and Juanita to follow him. He led them to the square building that housed the clinic, then ran back to join his friend.
Phinn looked in through the open door. Laleh was having tea with another woman. Juanita ducked around him and went in.
“Hello Laleh,” she said.
“Juanita, you are back. And Phinn as well. We enjoyed your play. Are you here to put on another?”
“That depends. Has Serafina returned? Or Avor?”
“No, nor Uncle Rabar either. We have had no word from them. Would you like to join us for tea? This is my mother, Sofia. She speaks a little English, but not well.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Juanita said. “We would love to join you.”

When Juanita and Phinn were settled with tea, bread and jam, they began to catch up on news.
“We have been to Sandovia,” Phinn said, “we put on a play there that was well received.”
“Your May Day play?” Laleh asked.
Phinn laughed. “No. Since there were no Barburee soldiers there, we reverted to flying fairies and magic.”
Laleh nodded. “I thought the May Day theme was a little on the safe side for your group. What did you fear from Barburee?”
“It was because we were magicians that Bataar drafted three of us into the Great Khan’s Army a few years ago. He wanted us to use our magic powers to fix his exploding arrows.”
Laleh looked at Phinn with a thoughtful expression. “I suppose it was lucky for Taz that Bataar drafted you. If it had not been for your warning that the Barburee Army was tunneling in under our city, all our men would have been slaughtered.”
“Fate has a strange way of working things out, doesn’t it?” Phinn said.
“Will you stay here until Electra and Serafina return?” Laleh asked.
“Yes, and perhaps we will wait for Avor’s return as well. Queen Delphinia was quite insistent that we bring him home.”
“If you have to leave before Avor returns, he could always go home on Dagon’s ship,” Laleh said.
Phinn blinked, thinking he must have misunderstood. “Dagon has a ship?”
“It is not his ship, I suppose. It is the Prince Avor, Fernland’s ship. He came here looking for Electra and Prince Avor.”
Phinn was dumbfounded. “Dagon came here alone? I mean without Queen Delphinia or King Geoffrey?”
Laleh laughed. “Not alone. He had a small crew of Taz seamen and he had a trader and a scholar with him.”
“Where is he? I didn’t see his ship,” Phinn said.
“He went on to Antok where Electra and her group were dropped off.”
Phinn looked at Juanita. “I suppose we should just wait here. They will all have to return to Taz eventually.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” Juanita said. Then she smiled her most genuine smile at Laleh. “In the meantime, we have a small problem that we hoped you might help us with. You remember my friend Esmeralda, of course.”
“Of course. How is Esmeralda?”
“Actually she could use some healing help just now. Are you free to accompany us back to our ship for a short visit?”
“I suppose, though the clinic is open today.”
“This shouldn’t take long,” Juanita said. “We can explain on the way to the ship. Just a misunderstanding, really.” She stood up as did Phinn. 
Laleh said a few words to her mother in the Taz language before following them out the door.

Chapter 49

On a Raft on the Euphrates River

Dagon, Soheil the Scholar and Lars the Trader sat together on a raft that Soheil had rented in Carmish. No one at the caravansary in Carmish remembered two little twins traveling with a group of two men and two women.
Soheil assured Dagon that they would have taken a raft down river to get to Kisher. He was just as certain that by now they would either be still in Kisher or on their way back by caravan.
“I see little hope of finding them,” Dagon said. “I had no idea there could be such a confusing place as this. So many languages, so many different cultures, so many different routes to take. How do people live like this?”
“It is not so confusing when one grows up in such a place. The Euphrates is the easiest way to travel downstream. And when the river is in spate, new avenues open up. But going against the current is another matter. To go north one must travel between or around the streams. There are several caravan routes with stops along the way. It is true that we could miss one another, passing on different routes, but if we go to a crossroads and wait, we will likely find them as they pass through. Dura is such a place. I think we have the best chance of meeting if we go to Dura.”
Dagon nodded. “Your reasoning is sound, but it still seems a gamble.”
Soheil shrugged. “As is all in life.”
Dagon looked out at the passing riverbanks. The weather was hot and sultry. He longed for the clean cool air of Helsop. He did not like the idea of losing control and depending on others to make decisions. But in a place where he did not know the land or the languages, he had little choice but to defer to Soheil’s advice.
“We will wait in Dura for a week. If we do not find Electra by then, we will return to Taz and wait there,” he said with some finality in his voice.
“Yes, that seems a good compromise,” Soheil said.
Lars the Trader spoke up. “What is this place Dura like? What sort of goods will we find there?”
So far Lars had only bought small items that he could carry on his person – jewelry and spices. He had seen a bolt of red silk brocade in Antok that he hoped to purchase on his way back. He was sure Queen Delphinia would pay a good price for it.
“Dura is an ancient city,” Soheil began.
As far as Dagon could see, every city they had passed through was an ancient city. He listened, interested to know what they would find when they arrived, but overwhelmed with all the facts Soheil seemed to have stored in his head.
“It lies on a high desert escarpment at the edge of the Euphrates. A good defensive position. Built over a thousand years ago, its roots are covered by shifting sands. It was conquered by Greeks, then Parthians, then Romans, then Persians.”
Dagon felt his eyelids drooping as Soheil droned on, but came back to full wakefulness as Soheil described a battle that had taken place a few hundred years ago.
“The Persians were well known for undermining strong Roman walls by tunneling underneath them, thus causing the walls to collapse downwards. To combat this ploy, the Romans strengthened their walls against the Persian siege by filling in the streets and buildings beside the exposed walls.
“When they saw the Persians were digging under a corner tower, they started digging their own tunnel to intercept them.”
Now Dagon was sitting up, listening intently.
“But unknown to the Roman soldiers, the Persians had already dug more tunnels and offshoots under another tower. The Romans intercepted the first tunnel and attacked, but the Persians were able to fall back into a second tunnel and hide. When the Romans went back up on their side of the wall, they sealed that tunnel so no Persians could get through but by that time another tunnel caused a corner tower to collapse, dragging the attached walls down with it.
Soheil seemed grateful to have his companions’ attention and continued with great drama. “Now the Persians began building a ramp to distract the Roman soldiers from the breech, while more Persians were scrambling over the sunken wall. The Romans were soon overwhelmed and the city taken.”
“And now what is left?” Lars asked.
“Now it is a caravan stop, but more a village than a city if you discount what lies beneath it.”
“And the merchandise sold there?” Lars asked for a second time.
“It is a crossroads from the east, north and south,” Soheil said. “You will find tea, spices, luxury goods as well as camels, horses, furs, fish from the Euphrates, grains and papyrus from the flood plains of the river. One might find anything at Dura.”
That evening at dusk they reached Dura and paid their poler for the use of his raft.
Dagon looked up at the ruins of the encampment that had once been a Roman fortress and could still see evidence of tunneling into the side of the raised plateau. The village itself sat below the raised fortress on the bank of the Euphrates. It was a small, walled settlement located at the edge of a barren, sweltering desert. He could see a small caravan of about twenty camels going through the high gates of the south wall. He took a hopeful breath and walked quickly to intercept it.

The small caravan did not include the passenger Dagon hoped to find. Although Dagon was disappointed, Lars seemed excited to meet and speak with the new arrivals. Soheil went along to translate for Lars, and Dagon was left to explore the village on his own.
He entered the marketplace and passed by one table with spices spread out across the top and another with blank scrolls made of papyrus leaves. He stopped at a stall selling bracelets, necklaces and rings.
He looked at the rings with some anger at first. It was a ring that was responsible for this separation from his wife and this voyage that had brought him to a part of the world he neither liked nor understood.
Then he had a thought. What if Electra decided to sell her ring to Soheil, or more probably give the ring to him after deciding it belonged here where it was first crafted?  Perhaps he should encourage such an action by purchasing a new ring to take its place.
He lifted a few rings in the palm of his hand to have a better look. They seemed very nice, gold and silver rings, some inset with gemstones. The proprietor of this stall spoke to him in a language he could not understand. The man seemed to be trying several languages without success.
Dagon made a series of gestures meant to say he would be back. He left to find Soheil.

Soheil had negotiated a good price for Lars on a string of pearls at a stand specializing in treasures brought up from the sea.
“Could you come and negotiate a price for me on a new ring for Electra?” he asked the scholar.
Soheil’s face lit up with an understanding of what this implied. “You think she might sell me her ring?”
“I make no promises,” Dagon said.
“I understand,” Soheil said, “but one can hope.”
At the ring stand, Soheil began to negotiate.
“This one is quite nice,” Soheil said, picking up an ornately carved ring. “It is very old and valuable – pure gold. He offers a good price.”
“I do not want an old ring. No history. I want one freshly minted.” Dagon said.
They walked away with a newly crafted blue sapphire enclosed in a gold band. The sapphire was the clear blue color of Electra’s eyes.

Chapter 50

Village of Dura

On the way to Dura, the three Barburee soldiers, Avor, Ansolve and Noyon,  kept up what was likely to them a leisurely pace. To others, Electra included, it was a grueling slog.  She marveled at how Aliya, her child hanging close to her chest in a shawl, was able to keep up. By the end of each day, Electra found herself weak with exhaustion. Noyon predicted they would reach Dura today. She fervently hoped this would prove true.
A shout went up from those leading their little caravan. Dura had been sighted. Electra stood up in her stirrups to view a raised escarpment beside the river. It looked as though the structure atop the plateau was half buried in dirt.
As they neared the walled village at the base of the escarpment, Electra saw a man standing at the gate, shielding his eyes from the sun, watching them as they approached as though he were waiting for someone.
Something about the posture, the stance, seemed familiar. He stands like Dagon, she thought. I must be missing him very much to be imagining I see his stance in strangers.
The closer they got, the more he looked like Dagon. The man smiled and began running towards her. It was Dagon, but how could this be?  She urged her horse to move faster.
She almost fell off her horse in her rush to dismount. Dagon caught her and swept her into an embrace.
“Dagon? But how?” She found herself laughing and crying at the same time.
Avor slid gracefully from his horse to stand beside his sister. “Has the whole world come to the Euphrates?” he asked.
Dagon looked at Avor without recognizing him. “Do I know you?” he asked.
“I stayed with you in Helsop for a time, albeit in your stockade. After a while I was elevated to the status of a tent.”
Dagon squinted at the Barburee soldier who was obviously not one of the soldiers he had kept prisoner for attempting to assassinate him. This man was from the west. Then the truth donned. “Avor? Prince Avor? Is it you?”
Avor laughed and held out his hand. 
The two men shook hands and smiled to find one another in such unlikely circumstances. Soon everyone was dismounted and exchanging greetings. Introductions were made and they realized they were clogging the entry gate. They all moved into the walled village to continue their reunion.
Electra finally calmed down enough to demand an explanation but had so many questions she stumbled over the first. “But how – you here? I mean why? I mean…”
Dagon pulled her close to his chest, holding one hand against her back and the other cupped around her hair.
“Soheil assured me all caravans going north on this side of the Euphrates would stop here eventually. Although I admit I doubted such conviction myself, it has happened as he predicted,” Dagon said.
Electra pushed against him to step back and look at his face. “Who is Soheil?”
“Soheil the Scholar. It turns out he was our mystery camper at Cold Lake. He would like very much to speak to you about your ring.” Dagon looked down at his wife’s hand and saw the ring was gone.
“You sold your ring in Kisher?”
“No, I gave it to Shalin. She saved it from the Kisher astrologers.”
Dagon regarded Electra with a confusion that was not unusual between the two. He knew from past experience it would be useless to try to rush his wife’s story. “Are you hungry? Perhaps we could find some tea and lunch in the marketplace.”
Electra smiled and took his hand. “I am famished and I have things I need to tell you.”
Dagon tried to frown as he formed his next thought, but was unsuccessful. He was too happy to see Electra. “Perhaps you might begin by telling me how a trip to deliver employment circulars turned into a trip past the Great Sea and down a river to Kisher.”
Electra felt herself blushing but raised her chin in spite of her embarrassment. She said, “I have more important things than that to discuss.”
“Please tell me these important matters do not involve remaining in this hot barren land. I have never before realized how fortunate we are to live in Helsop.”
Electra laughed. “No, we will continue to live in Helsop.” She stopped for a second but could not hold back her news any longer. “And so will our child.”
Dagon jerked to a stop. “Our child?”
Electra patted her abdomen. “Our child.”
Dagon tested a small smile to begin with. “I had begun to fear…” He did not finish his sentence. They had been married two years now. He had never spoken of wanting children nor had Electra, but both had assumed it would happen eventually.
“When?” he asked almost in a whisper.
“After harvest,” Electra said. “Did I hear you mention lunch?”
Dagon hugged her again and seemed reluctant to let her go. Finally, he took a step back. “Not lunch only. A celebration. Pick whatever catches your eye from the marketplace to eat and we will buy the lot of it.”

They had great mounds of food piled up on the table by the time others joined them. The feast included delicacies brought by caravans from throughout the world.
Dagon saw Electra’s ring hanging from a string around Shalin’s neck. That reminded him of what he had in his pocket. He brought out the ring he had purchased and presented it to Electra. “I bought this ring to replace the one I thought you might feel compelled to give away. It is newly made and I have been assured there are no previous owners.”
Electra laughed and gave Dagon a kiss on the cheek. “I love it.”
Soheil the Scholar and Lars the Trader approached the table in time to see Electra slip her new ring on her finger.
Dagon waved the two men closer. Electra was surprised to see Lars the Trader here, but had become accustomed to such surprises in the last few days.
“Lars you know of course, and this other young man is Soheil the Scholar, who comes from the Province of Urum and has acted as our guide. Soheil, meet Electra, my wife and mother of our future child.”
Soheil raised an eyebrow. “Are congratulations in order?”
Electra smiled and gave a slight nod. “I am pleased to meet you at last.”
Soheil looked down the table and checked his smile when he saw Serafina tracking him with a cold stare. 
“You might have saved us all a great deal of trouble had you been more forthcoming when we first met,” she said.
“I most humbly apologize, Your Majesty,” he said. “I was led to believe any mention of an interest in finding Princess Electra might buy me occupancy in Henge’s dungeon.”
And who led you to believe such a thing?” Serafina asked.
“I do not believe the person gave a name,” Soheil said.
Electra hoped to head off any unpleasantness at this happy occasion. She pulled Soheil’s attention away from Serafina by waving him to a seat across from her.
“It seems you have found me at last,” she said.
“But perhaps too late for the question I intended to ask,” he said, looking at the new ring on her finger.

Chapter 51

Village of Dura

“Please, sit with us and tell us what you know of Shalin’s ring,” Electra said to Soheil the Scholar.
Soheil sat down across the table from Electra. “Shalin?” he said. “You found a buyer for your ring?”
Electra laughed. “Shalin,” she said, leaning in to see down the table. “Come closer and show this man your ring. He has traveled all the way to Helsop and back to see it.”
Shalin came to sit on Electra’s lap. She took the string holding the ring from around her neck and held it out. “It is Electra’s ring but she gave it to me,” she said.
Soheil’s hand shook as he reached to touch the ring. He stared at it for a moment, then smiled at Shalin. “You are most fortunate,” he said. “It is a treasure.”
“Do you know who it originally belonged to?” Electra asked. “Do you know what its purpose was?”
“The world was a very different place three thousand years ago – though the Euphrates was here even then. It was inhabited by an advanced race of people after a great flood. They invented the wheel, and the written word, and the plating of metals. They dug canals and grew crops. They were scientists who studied the stars for guidance.”
Electra could feel Shalin’s little body become motionless as the child listened to the scholar’s words.
“The people’s first king was called King Jush. It was rumored he descended from the sky. He always consulted his astrologers before making any decision. There was a famous astrologer called Melchar. He may have been one of King Jush’s advisors. Pictures of the ring were made much later. But the ring may have been passed down from one chief astrologer to the next. The ring may have belonged to Melchar himself. After so many years we have only guesses, but we do know the ring is very ancient.”
“I can see why it holds so much value for your people,” Electra said.
Shalin whispered a few words into Electra’s ear. “Should we tell him about the spells?” she asked.
Electra was silent while Shalin read her thoughts. No, that information should be kept secret. Electra smiled at Soheil. “A group of astrologers from Kisher tried to take the ring by force. Shalin and I both thought the ring should not be left in the hands of would-be thieves.”
Dagon stopped eating. “What happened to these thieves?” he asked.
“They were scared away when Avor and his two fellow soldiers rode into Naj,” Electra said.
“Did he kill them?” Dagon asked. He looked down the table to see if Avor was still there, but he was not.
“No,” Electra said. “I asked him not to follow them. They were already back on their boats, trying to get away.”
Dagon frowned. “He should have followed them.”
Soheil interrupted. “I know this group of astrologers. They are not usually prone to taking what is not theirs. They probably felt they had some right to the ring.” He sighed deeply before continuing. “Astrologers no longer hold the power they once did. Perhaps they thought such a ring might restore them to their former status. I am glad you spared their lives. I am sure they regret their actions.”
Dagon was still looking around, likely searching for Avor or Tandor.
Electra put her hand on his arm. “It is as Soheil says. They tried to make a case for ownership. I was inclined to give it to them but then,” she stopped short of saying Shalin had read their thoughts. “Then I decided not to,” she said with finality.
Soheil smiled at Shalin. “What are your plans for the ring?” he asked. “Or should I ask your mother?”
Shalin shrugged. “It is a gift from my sister. I plan to keep it.”
Soheil showed his confusion. He had met Electra’s mother, Queen Delphinia. He knew Electra was not Shalin’s sister.
Electra was glad she had already explained this tricky situation to the twins.
Shalin smiled as she read the scholar’s mind. “Electra is my foster sister,” she said.
“I see,” Soheil said, and watched with sad eyes as Shalin once again draped the string that held the ring around her neck and jumped down from Electra’s lap to go back to where her mother sat.
Electra took pity on this disappointed scholar and said, “If she tires of the ring and decides to sell it, we will send word to you in Urum.”
Soheil nodded in a distracted manner as his eyes followed Shalin.
“We must make preparations to return to our ship,” Dagon said. “It seems our business here is finished.”
“What ship?” Electra asked. “How did you cross the Great Sea?”
“King Geoffrey allowed us his ship, the Prince Avor, along with a crew made up of Taz seamen. They are waiting for us outside Antok.” He smiled. “The people of Antok remember you very fondly, by the way. Some thought the twins were small angels sent to save them.”
Electra nodded. “We were there when the earthquake shook the city. It was a disaster. Many died.” She stared out at nothing, remembering, then gave her head a small shake. “But back to the ship. I am surprised at my father’s generosity. Then you must have stopped first at Taz?”
“Yes. One of the Taz crewmen who dropped you off near the road to Antok came along on the Prince Avor to show us the way.”
“We must find Avor. He does not know Fernland has a ship that bears his name,” Electra said.
“Yes, I would like to speak to Avor as well,” Dagon said.
Electra’s eyes flashed with anger. “You must not scold him for letting the astrologers escape. He did not know who any of us were when he happened on to the attempted theft. He already walks and talks like a Barburee soldier and has not decided whether or not to leave the Great Khan’s employ. I do not want my brother thinking his destiny is killing those who displease him.”
Dagon frowned, but nodded his agreement.

They found Avor with Ansolve and Noyon, inspecting knives at a table in the marketplace.
Electra picked up a knife and handed it to Avor to get his attention. “Did you know Dagon sailed to the edge of the Great Sea on a ship that bears your name?” Electra asked.
“There is a ship called Avor?” he asked.
“The Prince Avor,” Electra corrected. “Father had it built and named after you.”
Avor appeared dumbfounded for a second. “When did this happen?” he finally asked.
“Soon after you left. We will be sailing back to Taz on it,” Electra said.
Dagon interrupted. “But first I need to buy two horses if Lars and I are to join you on the way to Antok.”
“You will sail with us to Taz on the Prince Avor, will you not?” Electra asked her brother.
“Yes, I suppose we could. Though Noyon will not like it. He always finds excuses to travel by any means other than horseback.”
Electra put her hand on Avor’s shoulder. “We must convince him. Rabar says we will be able to sell our horses in Antok for as much as we paid,” Electra said.
“I am sure that is true,” Dagon said. “We came through Antok on our way here. They are desperate for horses there. Many wish to leave the city and others want to buy horses to help to remove earthquake debris and rebuild their houses.”
“We can make the decision when we reach Antok,” Avor said.

The idea that they would soon be on their way home seemed to set everyone in motion. For Soheil the Scholar, going home meant heading south toward Urum. He arranged to take a raft downriver and everyone came to see him off. 
“I am sorry you traveled so far and must return empty handed,” Electra said.
“I have seen the ring and touched it. That in itself is memorable. And you know I will remain a willing buyer if Shalin should ever decide to sell it.”
“Safe trip to you, Soheil,” Lars said.  “I may come this way again with wares to sell and news to report.”
“You would be most welcome,” Soheil said.
They waved goodbye as the poler pushed off and the raft caught the current.

The remaining travelers decided they would make an early start the next day. Lars and Dagon left to buy horses. The rest of the group lingered in the marketplace, buying last-minute items for their journey. 
Rabar called Electra over to a bookseller’s table. “Here is a codex that translates Latin into Greek. Since you already know some Latin this would help you to translate the book on healing and fishermen that you bought in Kisher.”
Electra was delighted. “Thank you for finding this. And you are right – I must buy this book.”
Rabar helped her to negotiate a fair price and Electra tucked the book into her duffel bag beside the book with the fish symbol on its cover.

Chapter 52

Port City of Taz

Laleh knocked softly on the door to Esmeralda’s cabin aboard the Kingdom of Henge. Juanita stood behind Laleh with a plate of food from the ship’s galley and Phinn stood behind his wife wearing a worried expression.
“Who is it?” Esmeralda called out.
“It is Laleh, your old friend from the school of medicine. I have brought you some food. Phinn and Juanita are here with me. May I come in and visit?”
“Only you. Not those other two back-stabbers.”
Esmeralda opened the door a crack and peered out.
Juanita handed Laleh the plate of food and took a step back.
Esmeralda opened the door wider and pulled Laleh through with the plate of food, then slammed the cabin door shut.
Phinn and Juanita moved close to the door and put their ears against the wood to hear what was said.
“Do you hear anything?” Juanita whispered.
“Just eating noises,” Phinn whispered back. “She must be very hungry.”
After a few minutes of chewing and swallowing sounds, they heard Esmeralda’s voice. “Thank you for the food. I would have starved before I took anything from those traitors.”
“What did they do?” Laleh asked.
“Didn’t they tell you?”
“No, only that you were despondent about having to leave Sandovia.”
“Ha! That was a lie. I did not have to leave. The Crown Prince of Sandovia was in love with me. He was going to ask me to be his wife. I am sure he was. They kidnapped me to make sure that didn’t happen. They lied to me to get me back on the ship so they could leave in the middle of the night.”
“Why would they do such a thing?” Laleh asked.
“Who knows? They don’t want me to be happy.”
“Did you love the Crown Prince?”
Esmeralda stopped to consider the question. “He will be King of Sandovia one day. He is very nice and he likes to watch me dance.”
“And you would be happy living in Sandovia?”
Esmeralda shrugged. “I would be living in the castle.”
“I do not suppose you would miss putting on plays or the acting troupe, since they have gone out of their way to make you unhappy.”
“No, I wouldn’t. Maybe some of them aren’t so bad, but I suppose being a queen would take up a lot of my time.”
“Yes, I imagine you would be arranging entertainment for royal visitors. Was the castle quite magnificent?”
“I only saw it from the outside. It was sort of barren. But I guess I could brighten things up a bit.”
“It sounds a wonderful life. Much better than traveling around the world putting on plays,” Laleh said.
“Yes,” Esmeralda agreed.
“I believe Phinn intends to stay here in Taz until Serafina and the twins arrive. Do you remember any of your training from the school of medicine?”
“Yes, I guess. Why, is someone sick?”
“I am in charge of the clinic here in Taz. If you like, you could come and help me in the clinic while you are here. I know that you do not wish to stay with these people who have treated you so badly.”
Esmeralda took only a moment to decide. “Yes, I will come with you now. Just give me a moment to pack my clothes.”
Phinn and Juanita stepped away from the door, grinning at one another, and hurried up to the deck. “Laleh is quite the magician herself,” Phinn said as they stood behind the bundled sail to watch while Esmeralda left the ship with Laleh.
“She knew exactly what questions to ask to make Esmeralda come to her senses. Can you imagine her creeping around that drafty castle, trying to avoid King Gundar and his wife? I wish I had thought to ask her those same questions,” Juanita said.
“Have you ever thought what it would be like to be Queen of Henge when father goes on one of his rampages and says he is ousting Prince Blackwell?”
“Not really,” Juanita said. “But now that I think about it, it might not be so bad.” She grinned and Phinn gave her a playful slap on her backside.
“Don’t even think about it.”
When Laleh and Esmeralda were aboard the small row boat, heading to shore, Phinn said, “Now that problem is on its way to being solved, we should think about what we will do here while we wait for Serafina and the twins to get back. We won’t have to worry about Prince Avor. Dagon can take care of transporting him back to Fernland.”
“Our temporary stage is still set up,” Juanita said. “We could practice for another play.”
“That was my thinking as well,” Phinn said. “If we make a few changes we could put on the same play we performed in Sandovia when we get to Fernland.”
“Yes, and in Fernland, we could recruit Shandor and his fiddle to join in.”
Phinn held up his index finger, ready to make a point. “Perhaps, we could make a new arrangement with Shandor. We could stop and pick him up in Fernland on our way to foreign ports if he is willing. No one plays gypsy music like Shandor. If he’s not too far gone in his drinking, that is.”

The crew had gone ashore to visit Taz and the acting troupe soon joined them ashore to repair their temporary stage next to the boat works, leaving the Kingdom of Henge quite deserted in the harbor.

Finding their temporary stage still intact, the actors gathered around Phinn to rework their Sandovian script.
Bear said, “Won’t be needin’ the coal in Fernland where they likely never seen the inside of a coal mine. Not much of a loss ta my way a thinkin’, anyways. Sooty stuff gets inta everything.”
“Nor the silver, neither,” Trixie said. “No silver mines here nor in Fernland.”
“We need a different sort of treasure for Fernland,” Phinn said. “What do they consider valuable?”
Angie laughed. “If we’re talkin’ ‘bout Queen Delphinia, it could be lotsa silk fer clothes.”
Phinn nodded. “Actually what she’d like to see popping out of a treasure chest would be her son, Prince Avor.”
“Wouldn’t that be somethin’?” Tom said. “Ya think he’d do it?”
They all shook their heads. “Never in a million years,” Phinn said.
At that moment, Esmeralda showed up. She looked a little sheepish but tossed her long black hair and said, “What are you all staring at? I’m still a member of the acting troupe, aren’t I?”
“Yes, yes,” came several surprised but happy voices.
“Yes, of course you are,” Juanita said, giving her oldest friend a big hug.

Chapter 53

City of Antok

 Electra and her fellow travelers, now swollen to an impressive group of thirteen, with the addition of Dagon and Lars the Trader, entered the city of Antok.  On seeing the Barburee uniforms of Avor, Ansolve and Noyon, the residents of the city quickly scattered.
The group dismounted to discuss the threat their appearance seemed to pose.
Rabar spoke up first. “I should have anticipated this. They are afraid of your uniforms,” he said to Prince Avor. “Barburee has been making inroads into these territories of late. They do not know that the Great Khan’s focus has turned to China in the east. There are afraid you may be the tip of the spear, ready to invade.”
Avor shook his head, relieved that Noyon could not understand what they were saying. “Noyon would never agree to our abandoning our uniforms,” Avor said. “Perhaps the three of us should wait outside the city while you sell the horses. Noyon will likely not agree to sell his horse anyway. I am not even sure I can convince him to bring his horse on board the ship.”
Dagon raised a hand. “There is no way we can move his horse to the ship. We will be leaving from a rocky outcrop that is dangerous even to shore boats. The waves there are large and powerful.”
Avor worried his bottom lip with his teeth. “Perhaps the five of us should continue on overland.”
“No,” Electra said. “You must come with us.”
“Why?” Avor said.
Electra could not think of a reason that would bear up to her brother’s scrutiny. “Because we have only now all found one another. Let Noyon go on alone if he must.”
“Barburee soldiers do not abandon one another,” Avor said. “Until I report to General Yeke Unegen in Taz, I am still under the Great Khan’s orders.”
Electra closed her eyes for a moment. “Then we must convince Noyon to sell his horse.” She looked at Serafina, hoping she would have a solution.
Serafina raised an eyebrow. “The horse might become sick or lame.”
Avor glared at Serafina. “That is very unlikely and I hope it will remain so.”
Lars the Trader coughed gently to gain everyone’s attention. “The horse might be traded for something of value to a soldier.”
“What has more value than a horse?” Avor asked.
Lars looked at Tandor, who instinctively grasped the hilt of his sword in a protective gesture.
Lars shook his head. “No, I would never suggest a man sell his weapon. But I have swords made by the same man who made Tandor’s sword. On the ship I have swords made by Tandor’s father, Dorian the sword maker, the best in the world. I would be willing to trade one of my swords to Noyon for his horse which I could then sell in Antok’s marketplace.”
“I think that could work,” Avor said. “I have seen Noyon looking at Tandor’s sword with envy.”
No one had looked at Noyon during this conversation, trusting that he understood no English. Avor glanced at his fellow soldier now and saw that Noyon was scanning the marketplace, likely making his own evaluation of this new city.
Avor spoke to Noyon in the Barburee language. Before long they struck a deal.
Noyon asked to look more closely at Tandor’s sword so Tandor held it out flat with both hands, an expression of great pride in his gesture.
Noyon took the sword, testing its weight, balance and sharpness, then handed the reins of his horse to Lars, and the sword back to Tandor.
Avor listened to a few more words from Noyon and translated. “He will make the trade, although he must find the sword on the ship to be of the same quality as Tandor’s. We will wait here while the rest of you go further into the city to make the sale. He says it would be a good idea to ask that whoever buys the horses, allows us to ride them to the cove where the ship is anchored before taking possession of their purchase. That way, if the ship is not there, we will still have our mounts.”
“This Noyon is a wise person,” Rabar noted.
Avor nodded. “He does not miss much.”

The three Barburee soldiers and Ansolve’s wife and child stayed under the shade of a tree at the edge of the city while the others rode into the city taking all the horses with them.
As they passed through the ruined marketplace, people began to call out to them.
“What are they saying?” Electra asked Rabar.
“They say the little angels are back. I think they are talking about Shalin and Esme. They remember we are the ones who treated their wounds after the earthquake.”
“Let us sell the horses quickly,” Serafina said.
Lars the Trader said, “We should go to the caravansary. There will be people there looking to leave the city.”
“That is a good idea,” Dagon said. “We should get a fair price and agreement to Noyon’s terms at the caravansary.”
On the way to the caravansary, other residents made offers to rent the horses to help pull away the broken slabs of timber and walls left from the earthquake.
Serafina declined. “We have no time for such favors,” she said.
At the caravansary they found a good many people huddled inside, surrounded by their possessions, looking to leave this shaking city for good and ever.
Lars shouted out, “Horses for sale” in several languages and a crowd quickly formed around them.
Between Lars and Rabar, a very good deal was struck and three caravan traders became the new owners. Electra was sure they meant to make a profit on these new animals from Antok residents now desperate to leave the devastated city.
They rode back to where they had left the Barburee soldiers waiting in the shade of the tree.
The caravan traders drew to a stop and shouted in an excited tirade at Rabar.
Rabar spoke to them in a reassuring tone of voice.
Electra was sure it was the Barburee uniforms that had worried them.
“They think the Barburee soldiers will kill them and keep the horses,” Rabar said.
Electra spoke up. “Tell them they can bring their entire caravan to the cove where we will find our ship waiting if they do not believe us,” Electra said.

And so the traders with their long caravan of camels and camel pullers rode to the edge of the sea, where the Prince Avor still waited, anchored just beyond the crashing waves.
The caravan traders quickly paid their money, took possession of their new horses and turned back to Antok.
Dagon looked out to sea and waved his arms to catch the eyes of the Taz crew aboard the Prince Avor.
Electra glanced quickly at Noyon. He squared his shoulders and lifted his chin as he watched the Taz seamen lower the shore boats.

The Taz seamen manned their small boats successfully through the crashing waves. 
“Go first with Noyon, before he changes his mind,” Electra whispered to Avor.
Avor got into the first boat to land and called out to Noyon to join him.  They shoved off quickly and the Taz oarsman wasted no time rowing back into the waves.  He timed his attack on the gathering wave to miss the worst of its force and soon Avor and Noyon were beyond the breakers.
Within an hour, all were on board, the sails raised and the ship on its way back to Taz.

Chapter 54

Port of Taz

After five days at sea, the Prince Avor was within sight of Taz.
Everyone was relieved to be back in familiar surroundings, albeit now a port held by Barburee.
Electra and Dagon had taken advantage of their ship travel to relax and catch up on one another’s adventures.
“You had one success at least, on your circulars,” Dagon said. “Vesta and
Ingrid are now living in your cottage at King’s Lake and serving at Rabar’s old clinic. The Caliph seems very impressed with them. They plan to learn the Taz language as soon as possible.”
Electra stretched out on their narrow bunk and rubbed her abdomen. “They were both very good students. They should do well there. Though learning the language might prove difficult without a proper tutor.”
“I think the Caliph’s grandson, Javed, might make himself available to tutor them,” Dagon said with a smile in his voice.
Electra sat up. “Javed? What makes you think so?”
“Just a few glances I noticed between the two girls and Javed.”
Electra was skeptical. “I believe Vesta is resigned to living a solitary life.”
“She may find that unnecessary,” Dagon said, only half in jest.
Electra looked up at the plank ceiling of their cabin. “I feel the ship slowing. Could we be in Taz already?”
“It is a fast ship. We had best get up on deck and see,” Dagon said.
They both threw on clothes and raced up the ladder to the deck.
The white marble city glowed in the early morning sunlight. They were the last in the group to arrive on deck. Esme and Shalin ran to greet them.
“The Kingdom of Henge is here,” Esme shouted, pointing. 
Electra turned to where the child pointed. The sister ship to the Prince Avor bobbed in the current, to all appearances, unmanned.
“Phinn must have decided to come back here after Sandovia,” Electra said.
“Taz seems a popular place,” Dagon noted.
“Will Phinn put on another play?” Esme asked.
“I do not know. We had best go ashore to find out,” Electra said.
Esme and Shalin ran back to Serafina to give her this new information.
“The last time we were here, Phinn put on a performance and the twins played the part of town girls in the May Day scene,” Electra explained to Dagon.
Lars the Trader joined them. “Do you think I would have any luck selling some of my stock here?” he asked.
“I know the Barburee soldiers would want to buy your weapons, but I hate the idea of our adding to their armaments,” Dagon said.
Lars nodded. “It is a dilemma, isn’t it?” Perhaps the shipbuilders would make better customers. If not for weapons, tools.”
“They would likely buy both,” Dagon said. “You might offer them your wares first, before resorting to Barburee.”
“Is that a rash on your arm?” Electra asked the trader, leaning closer to inspect his forearm.
“Aye, it is that – a heat rash. I always get one when I travel in hot climes. I was raised in colder country.”
“I believe Rabar used up our supply of balms on earthquake victims in Antok. You should visit the clinic here. Laleh works there. She will have something for it.”

They all went ashore by twos and threes to visit the white marble city.
Electra saw Avor and his companions heading for the yurts outside the city to report to General Unegen. 
The twins were pulling their mother in the direction of Phinn’s makeshift stage while Rabar veered off in the direction of Haddad’s first bridge ship, still under construction.
Tandor joined Dagon and Electra while Lars headed off to the clinic.

Lars walked through the door of the clinic and was surprised to see a familiar face that was not Laleh’s.  “I was told to look for Laleh here,” he said.
“She has gone over to check on the boat builders. I told her I would stay until she returns,” Esmeralda said. “You look familiar. Do I know you?”
“I think you do. Were you not once a student at the school of medicine in Helsop?”
“I was, and you are the trader from Hammer Haven aren’t you?”
“Lars,” he said holding out his hand to shake hers. “You live here now?”
Esmeralda laughed. “Not likely. I am in Phinn’s acting troupe. I’m only here until Laleh gets back. Then I’m going over to the stage. We are rehearsing a play to put on in Fernland.” She paused. “Did you come overland?”
“No,” Lars said. “I have come with Dagon on the ship the Prince Avor. We found both Princess Electra and Prince Avor on the Euphrates River and brought them back to Taz.”
Esmeralda’s mouth fell open. “What a trek you have made. You must tell me more about your journey.” She stopped talking long enough to notice his arms. “But I am not doing my job here properly. Have you come about your rash?”
Lars shrugged. “I am used to it, but if you have something to relieve the itch, it would be appreciated.”
“I have just the thing,” Esmeralda said, searching a nearby shelf for the salve she needed.
She took his arm and held it while she smeared on the white creamy salve.
Lars watched her carefully as she moved her fingers over his arms. “Perhaps I might walk with you to your rehearsal,” he said. “I would love to stay and watch if that is allowed.”
Esmeralda blushed a bit but managed a smile. “We would be honored. I hope you can tell me something of your time exploring the Euphrates on the way.”
Lars sat down on the grass near Serafina and the twins while Phinn and his actors went over the new scenes they had added to the play they had performed in Sandovia. The trader leaned forward precipitously when Esmeralda and Juanita rehearsed one of their dance routines.

After the rehearsal Phinn came out to welcome the twins and Serafina back to Taz.
“We decided to come back here after Sandovia to make sure you had a way back to Henge,” he said to Serafina. “Would you like to set sail at once or do you have plans to stay a time in Taz?”
Serafina shrugged. “We are only guests aboard your ambassador ship. We will go when you go.”
Phinn eyebrows lifted in an expression of surprise at Serafina’s words, but he answered as though he might believe such an outrageous lie. Everyone knew Serafina held the real power.  “We had thought to perform next in Fernland, though of course if you are in a hurry to return to Henge…”
“No hurry,” Serafina said. “Why not put on a play here as well? Esme and Shalin are anxious to resume their acting careers.”
Phinn tried to hide his doubt about what her real motives might be by turning and nodding a welcome to Lars the Trader. “Did you enjoy the rehearsal?” he asked.
“Very much,” Lars said. “I have some pulleys aboard ship that might be of service in your flying scenes.”
“I would very much like to see them.  Why don’t we go now and take a look,” Phinn said.

Chapter 55

Port of Taz

Electra saw her brother coming back through the rear gate to the city and ran to intercept him.
“Did you speak to General Unegen?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said.
“And?” she said. She was sure he must know how anxious she was to find out if he had been released from the Great Khan’s army.
“And he gave me a message from our parents.” Avor took a scroll from his tunic. The seal had already been broken.
“Allow me a guess. They say they want you to come home to Fernland as soon as possible.” It was not really a guess. They both knew having their children in Fernland was always foremost in their parents’ minds.
Avor smiled and handed the scroll to her. She read it over quickly.

Avor, my son,
Your mother and I were very glad to finally have word from you. Knowing you are still alive has brought great joy to your mother.
Although I see no need to maintain a standing army and find such an expense difficult to justify, I will accede to your wishes. You will be King one day and all of Fernland will rely on your decisions, so you might as well begin now to see the results of such decisions. You are hereby appointed Fernland’s new Minister of War and you will have control of the boat works for as long as you deem it necessary to have foreign workmen in Fernland’s employ.
I hope these appointments meet your conditions and you will make arrangements for a speedy return. There should be a total of three ships available for your journey back to Fernland. The Prince Avor, the Kingdom of Henge and the Spirit of Taz.
With salutations from all in Fernland,
Your father
King Geoffrey

Electra looked up. “You asked to be made Minister of War?”
Avor nodded.
“I suppose you plan to have an army that is a match to Prince Blackwell’s army in Henge?”
Avor smiled. “Right now I only hope to match Dagon’s militia in Helsop. We have been too long in Fernland relying on a small Palace Guard and a compulsory draft in times of conflict.”
Electra shrugged. “I suppose you are right. For a kingdom the size of Fernland, an army is likely a good precaution.” She looked at her brother closely. “Then you will go back? You will sail with us on the ship that bears your name?”
“Yes. General Unegen seemed to assume I would want to return to Fernland now that my mission is completed. He even allowed me to keep Ansolve and his family with me. It seems they are to be a parting gift.”
“And what of Noyon?”
“He will wait here for further orders.”
“Shall we leave at once?” Electra asked.
“I think tomorrow will be soon enough. I have promised our Taz crew time to visit with their kin here in Taz. I also want to spend some time with Haddad. We need to make plans for the boat works once he has fulfilled his obligation to the Great Khan for a fleet of bridge ships.”
“Tomorrow then. At dawn?” Electra asked.
“Yes. Tomorrow at dawn.”
Electra put her hand on her brother’s shoulder. “I am so relieved. I could not face Mother if we were to return without you.”
“I am sure my return will be a poor second to the news you carry,” Avor said with a smile.
“What news?” Electra asked.
“A grandchild.”
Electra’s hand fell to her abdomen. “Do you think she will be pleased?”
“Surely you jest. It will be cause for a celebration the likes of which Fernland has yet to behold.”
Electra walked with Avor to the boat works where she saw Dagon, watching the boat builders at work. Avor swung up into the stays and began chatting and laughing with the Taz workers in their language as though they had never been separated.
Electra stayed beside Dagon. “Avor will return to Fernland with us. Father has agreed in a message to make him the new Minister of War,” she told her husband.
“Minister of War?” Dagon repeated with some surprise. “Is this a thing Avor requested?”
“Yes, after reading the letter I would judge it more along the lines of a demand. He wants to build a small army, he says, at least large enough to match Helsop’s militia.”
“Is he planning to attack Helsop?” Dagon asked in a tone that sounded equal parts serious and in jest.
“I think he is unable to quit being a soldier,” Electra said, “even though the Great Khan has released him from duty.”
Dagon nodded. “I can tell he is much changed from when he left Fernland as a lovesick young man two years ago.”
“He wants to leave for Fernland tomorrow at dawn. We should tell the others.”
“Some may not be coming with us,” Dagon said. “Serafina and the twins may want to return with Phinn on the Kingdom of Henge. And for some reason, Lars the Trader wants to transfer to Henge’s ship as well. He has been helping Phinn with his backstage cables, setting up a series of pulleys to allow Smiles to fly more fairies at one time.”
“He has? What of all his merchandise aboard the Prince Avor?”
“He sold most of it to Haddad, except for the luxury items. Those he is saving to sell to Queen Delphinia in Fernland.”
“The Kingdom of Henge will be stopping in Fernland?”
“Yes. Evidently Serafina suggested it. Phinn plans to put on a play there.”
“This is very curious. Let us go over to the stage. They are rehearsing there. I wonder if Serafina is up to something.”

They found Serafina watching as the twins rehearsed their part in the play.
“We will be leaving tomorrow at dawn on the Prince Avor to take my brother home,” Electra said to Serafina. “Will you come with us?”
“No,” Serafina said. “The twins and I have moved to the Kingdom of Henge.”
Electra put her fingers against her mouth for a moment, as a look of concern stole over her face. “I still have not purchased the pet I promised to Esme. I could perhaps buy her a lamb here in Taz. Perhaps a black one to replace the one she had to leave behind at the Silent Men’s sanctuary.”
Serafina frowned at the mention of the Silent Men. “We will be stopping in Fernland. Phinn plans to put on a performance there, as well as one here tonight. You might find something suitable in Fernland’s marketplace for Esme.”
“Why put on a play here in Taz?” Electra asked. “Does Henge seek the boat workers’ goodwill?”
“Actually, we do. I suggested to Haddad the Master Shipbuilder that Henge would see it as a sign of goodwill on their part, were they to disassemble one of their fountains here and load it onto our ship. In return we are pleased to put on another of our acting troupe’s outstanding performances.”
Electra laughed. “I should have known you would not give up on your wish to have a fountain for Henge.”
Serafina’s lips curved up into a small smile. “Yes, you should have.”

That evening, the area around the stage was full of Taz ship builders and their families. Very few Barburee soldiers came, no doubt disappointed with the last performance from the acting troupe.
A new part had been added for the twins, who flew smoothly through the air with ease on Lars’ new system of pulleys. They were fairy children out to practice their flying skills without their family’s permission.
After the show Electra and Dagon went up on the stage to congratulate the actors.
“I was amazed at your aerial feats,” Electra said to Esme and Shalin.
“Lars had my wires,” Esme said.
“Smiles had mine,” Shalin said.
Electra looked at Lars. “Your new system of pulleys is quite extraordinary.”
Esmeralda joined their group. “Isn’t he amazing?” she asked.
Electra was caught off guard. “Who? Lars?”
“Yes, of course Lars,” Esmeralda said. “Who else could have figured out all those cables?” She looked up at the trader with pride.
“Ah, I suppose no one,” Electra said. She glanced at Lars. “Are you thinking of joining the acting troupe?”
Lars shrugged. “If they will have me, I suppose I could do both – sell my wares from port to port and also work the pulleys.”
“Phinn would be lucky to have you,” Esmeralda said.
“Yes,” Electra said. “It sounds a perfect arrangement.” She looked at Dagon to see how he felt about losing one of Helsop’s best traders.
“We should best be heading back to the ship,” Dagon said. “We leave at dawn for Fernland.”


Chapter 56

Kingdom of Fernland

The voyage from Taz to Fernland took two weeks.  Those aboard were fortunate to have fair winds and calm seas the whole way. Though no race had been mentioned, the crew of Taz seamen aboard the Prince Avor seemed intent on outdistancing the Henge seamen aboard the Kingdom of Henge. After a fortnight at sea, the Henge ship was a small dot on the horizon while the Prince Avor prepared to enter Fernland’s estuary, the last leg of their journey back to King’s Lake.
Princess Electra was elated to be accompanying her brother back to Fernland. She could already envision the smile on her mother’s face when she saw her son after a two-year absence. She was also anxious to see how her two former students, Vesta and Ingrid, were faring at their new jobs in King’s Lake. And, of course, she was anxious to tell her parents they would soon have a grandchild.
Prince Avor joined her at the ship’s rail. He looked out at the passing forest as if seeing it anew. Then he grasped the rail tightly and craned his neck to see over the trees. “Is that Father’s new ship?”
The mammoth ribs loomed into view just above the tops of the trees. “Yes. Did Haddad not tell you about it?” Electra asked.
“He did, but he neglected to tell me it was the biggest ship ever built.”
Electra laughed. “Father wanted it to be bigger than the King Gundar.”
“He certainly succeeded in that.”
Dagon and Tandor walked toward them, still deep in conversation about something. They stopped talking when they noticed Prince Avor. Electra suspected they had been talking about the army Avor hoped to establish in Fernland.
“I am sure our parents will be waiting on the beach,” Electra said to Avor. “I saw the outpost soldiers sending up smoke signals as we entered the estuary.”
Dagon took a place beside Avor at the rail. “How is it, being back in Fernland again after such a long absence?” he asked Avor in a friendly manner.
“I seem to be seeing it through new eyes,” Avor said in a serious tone.
Dagon nodded. “It is nothing like the barren floodplains of the Euphrates. I believe both Fernland and Helsop fortunate to be somewhat isolated from the great crossroads of the world.”
“We cannot count on a continuing isolation,” Avor said.
Dagon stayed silent, wondering if Avor had more to say on the subject, but it appeared he did not.
“Look,” Electra shouted, as they emerged from the estuary into King’s Lake. “There is the royal carriage.” She began to wave. Two figures at the lake’s edge waved back.

Avor and Electra were in the first shore boat to reach the beach. Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey were so close to the water they had to step back to allow the small boat to be pulled ashore.
Delphinia clasped her hands together tightly.
“Electra, my dear and Avor, is that really you? You left Fernland a boy and have returned a man! My dears, how I have missed you.”
Delphinia hugged her son as tears of joy ran down her face, unchecked. Then she freed one arm to include Electra in her hug. After another minute she stepped back to look at Avor. “How you have grown.” She touched his face. “And you have a beard.”
King Geoffrey shook Avor’s hand and then pulled him into a hug. “It is good to have you home, Son.”
“It is good to be home,” Avor said.
The shore boat was returning with Ansolve, his wife and son aboard. Avor turned and pointed. “Here comes my first army recruit. Ansolve is a master crossbow maker. He and his family will be making their home in Fernland now.”
King Geoffrey furrowed his brow, but said nothing until Ansolve stepped from the boat. “Welcome to Fernland,” he said, extending his hand.
Ansolve shook hands with the king and smiled when Avor translated the words of welcome.
“He does not speak English?” Geoffrey asked. “Is he a Barburee soldier?”
“More like a freed Barburee prisoner,” Avor said.
Delphinia smiled at Aliya and fussed a bit over her young son.
Next to reach shore were Dagon and Tandor. Delphinia welcomed them as well, saying, “I knew we could depend on you Dagon, to bring Electra and Avor home safely.”
“The loan of the ship was a big help,” Dagon said, giving in to Delphinia’s hug.
“So the others have gone on to Henge?” Geoffrey asked.
“No, actually they are stopping here too. They are a bit behind us in the Kingdom of Henge. I believe Phinn means to put on a performance here in Fernland,” Dagon said.
“Wonderful,” Delphinia said. “We have so much to celebrate.”
Avor looked at Electra with a grin.
Electra frowned, but the frown quickly turned into a smile. “Actually there is one more thing to celebrate. You are both soon to be grandparents.”
Delphinia was quiet for a moment, then she seemed to figure out what Electra had just said. “You mean you…, you are having a baby? You and Dagon?”
“Yes.”
“This is too much,” Delphinia said, brushing away fresh tears. “I think I might die of happiness.”
“Please, no,” Electra said, laughing. “I may soon need your help.”
“Oh, my dears. I must sit down. Come and sit in the carriage with me while we wait for the Kingdom of Henge to arrive.”
Since no smoke signals had been sighted as yet, they decided to go to the castle so that the carriage could be emptied and returned to King’s Lake when Phinn, Serafina and the twins arrived. Dagon elected to ride up front with the driver and Tandor left to borrow horses from the Taz stables for himself and Ansolve’s family.
“You must tell us everything,” Delphinia said to Avor.
“Give the boy some rest,” Geoffrey said. “There will be time enough now. For two years of stories, we should allow at least an evening.”
“And when shall we become grandparents?” Delphinia asked.
“After harvest, I estimate,” Electra said.
Delphinia turned to her husband. “Two days. I think we should declare a two-day celebration. One for Avor’s return and one for Electra’s good news. And we will have Phinn, at last, to entertain.”
“Whatever you say, my dear,” King Geoffrey said. “Whatever you say.”

Chapter 57

Kingdom of Fernland

On Queen Delphinia’s orders, if the Kingdom of Henge had not entered the estuary by an hour before lunch, the driver was to return to the castle with the Caliph and the two new physicians, Vesta and Ingrid. They made a fairly large group of eleven for lunch, but were still able to fit into the royal family’s private dining room on the second floor, which Delphinia preferred for small groups.
Electra welcomed her two students with smiles and hugs. When they were all seated, Electra was about to begin questioning her former students when King Geoffrey tapped on his glass to gather everyone’s attention. “We want to welcome everyone here and especially Prince Avor who has returned from two years as a soldier to become our new Minister of War and Chief Advisor to the boat works. Have you anything you would like to say, Son?”
Avor seemed surprised by this invitation to speak. He still had not changed clothes and made quite an incomprehensible figure. A man dressed as a Barburee soldier, now become Fernland’s Minister of war. Nevertheless he stood up to begin, focusing his attention on the Caliph
 “I am pleased to see you here Caliph, as most of my work will now be based at King’s Lake and we will be working closely together. I mean to recruit a small standing army which will be stationed at King’s Lake as that is both the gateway to Fernland from King’s Road and the port of entry for ships coming into Fernland by sea. We will be drilling and practicing maneuvers on the beaches and in the forests around the lake. In time that body of soldiers will be increased to include a small navy as well. The boat works, of course, will become an integral part of our new navy.” He took a seat to signal the conclusion of his remarks.
Everyone was amazed at the extent of Avor’s vision. Electra could imagine those gathered calculating in their minds how long Avor had been gone and what his age now would be. He had grown taller, broader, and spoke with authority. At eighteen years of age, her younger brother had truly become a man.
King Geoffrey, who had looked at his son with an expression of incredulity while listening to his speech, seemed to find his own voice at last.
“Yes, thank you, Son, for that concise summary. I can see we have much more to discuss in the future.”
Avor smiled and Electra was sure his smile was contrived to mimic Bataar’s cocky smile of supreme confidence.
“Vesta and Ingrid,” Electra interjected in a chatty tone of voice, “I am so proud to see two of my graduates now become physicians in their own right. How goes your work at King’s Lake?”
Vesta looked around shyly, no doubt hesitant to say too much in the presence of such powerful people. “We have delivered two babies since arriving and tended a few wounds. Luckily, the Taz boat builders are very safety conscious. We are trying to learn the language as soon as possible in the hope of providing wellness classes to the residents.”
The Caliph nodded and beamed at the two girls. “Vesta and Ingrid have been wonderful additions to our small camp. We appreciate their efforts to become part of our community and enrich our lives with double and triple healthfulness.”
Delphinia looked around the group. “We have had some wonderful news from our daughter Electra. It seems King Geoffrey and I are to be grandparents soon after harvest.”
Exclamations and congratulations broke out from around the table.
“And I have more good news,” Delphinia said “King Geoffrey has decreed two days of celebration in Fernland to honor Prince Avor’s return and Electra’s good tidings. We are told Phinn and his acting troupe will soon arrive to put on a performance at King’s Lake as part of the celebration. We will be sending out circulars to all the countryside as soon as their ship, the Kingdom of Henge, arrives.”
The luncheon speeches concluded, the group fell to eating and speaking quietly to those sitting in close proximity.

When the Kingdom of Henge was finally sighted, Queen Delphinia and Princess Electra rode out in the royal carriage to welcome their visitors as they sailed into King’s Lake.
Serafina and the twins came ashore first. Delphinia greeted the twins with exuberant hugs while Electra greeted Serafina with a sincere, but brief embrace.
“We lost sight of the Prince Avor,” Serafina said.
“Yes,” Electra said. “I do not know why, but I believe our crew thought they were in some kind of race.”
Serafina smiled. “Had we known, we might have participated.”
Phinn and Juanita jumped off the next shore boat to land and Delphinia stepped closer to greet them.
“Phinn and Juanita. How happy we are to see you. You have come at the perfect time. We are to have two days of celebration to commemorate Avor’s safe return and Electra’s good news. Please tell me you will stay and perform for us.”
“Of course,” Phinn said. “We are at your service and we have a new production tailor-made for Fernland.”
Delphinia put her hands to her chest. “What jewels you are. I fear we are at capacity in the royal carriage, but if you would care to wait here, I will send the carriage back for you as soon as we are delivered to the castle.”
Phinn and Juanita looked at one another for a moment before Phinn accepted. “That would be most helpful. In the meantime we can unload some of our props to the theater.”
“Perfect. Would an afternoon performance tomorrow be too soon?”
Phinn shook his head. “No. Tomorrow afternoon would be perfect. We will do a run-through this afternoon.”
“This is so exciting,” Delphinia said. “You must come tonight for dinner. The carriage will be at your disposal for the rest of the day.”
“Should we bring Lars the Trader with us tonight?” Phinn asked.  “He has made some purchases on your behalf.”
“Lars the Trader is here with new merchandise as well? I am overwhelmed with good news. Tell him to fill the carriage if need be,” Delphinia said.

When Electra, Serafina and the twins were seated in the carriage on their way back to Fernland’s castle, Electra took Esme’s hand.
“Have you thought about what kind of pet you might like to have? I have not forgotten my promise to you. This afternoon we will go to Fernland’s marketplace and find something suitable.”
Esme broke out in a smile.” I thought perhaps a talking bird like Coco or a kitten.”
“Both those sound good choices,” Electra said with a glance at Serafina, hoping she would agree.
Serafina nodded, whether at Electra’s words or her own thoughts was difficult to discern as her next words were unexpected.
“As soon as we arrive at the castle I need to speak to King Geoffrey.”

Chapter 58

Kingdom of Fernland

When they reached the castle, Electra took charge of the twins, Delphinia headed for the kitchen to speak to Cristo and Serafina was escorted to the throne room where Dagon, Avor and King Geoffrey were deep into a discussion that at times sounded more like an argument.
“I do not see the need to act so precipitously,” King Geoffrey was saying when the page announced the arrival of Princess Serafina.
Dagon watched King Geoffrey and Prince Avor tense up on hearing Serafina’s name announced.
“I trust I am not interrupting anything of importance,” Serafina said without seeming apologetic in the least, as she swept into the room.
All three men remained silent for a moment. Then King Geoffrey said, “Welcome to Fernland, Serafina. What brings you to our throne room?”
Serafina appeared satisfied with this brief welcome. “Henge’s acting troupe has come to perform for Fernland free from charge in the spirit of goodwill. If you would like to act in kind there is a thing I might suggest.”
“And what might that be?” King Geoffrey asked, somewhat hesitantly.
“Phinn, our Ambassador, has just returned from a performance in Sandovia and took note of a few developments there that he brought to my attention.” She fixed her gaze on King Geoffrey before continuing.
“As you will remember, last year, King Gundar devised a faux pirate raid on the port in Henge City. It was a ploy he hoped might incline Prince Blackwell toward helping to solve Sandovia’s pirate problem.”
Avor showed his surprise. Dagon and King Geoffrey simply nodded, waiting silently for her to get to the point.
“Our decision was to refrain from retaliating with an armed invasion in favor of selling Gundar white powder from Henge’s stores at very high prices, thus keeping Sandovia poor and in our debt. It now seems our efforts in that area were short-lived.”
The three men leaned in closer, listening intently. 
“Phinn reports that King Gundar is now using his ships to bring in fruit, grains and spices from Manoa to be sold in Sandovia’s marketplace. Because Sandovia is now able to export coal and silver with no interference from pirates, the citizenry are able to afford such goods. King Gundar is growing wealthy once again.”
“I do not see how King Gundar’s prosperity affects Fernland,” King Geoffrey said.
“I believe this surplus of funds will soon lead King Gundar to seek an alternate source of white powder, thus enabling him to make his own exploding arrows. The fact that Fernland has an excess of white powder is not a closely held secret. I have no doubt that before long, Gundar’s second son, Prince Oswald, will arrive in Fernland, hoping to buy white powder from you at attractive prices.”
Before King Geoffrey could respond, Prince Avor stood up. “I can assure you, in my new capacity as Minister of War, that Fernland’s supply of white powder is not now nor will it ever be, available for purchase by anyone.”
Serafina showed a brief expression of surprise and took a quick glance in King Geoffrey’s direction, perhaps to see if he was in agreement with his son.
Dagon saw in King Geoffrey’s face only shock at Avor’s effrontery in presuming to answer for the king.
“I see,” Serafina said, standing. “I will leave you gentlemen to resume your work.”

Electra and the twins were watching two kittens, one black and one white, tussle with one another on Electra’s bed when Serafina walked into the room.
“Did you find King Geoffrey?”
“Yes, everything went as planned,” Serafina said.
Electra decided not to pursue the subject. “Meet Snow and Midnight,” she said, pointing to each of the two kittens in turn.
“Ebony will like them,” Esme said to her mother.
Electra hoped Ebony would like them as very small panthers and not as snacks, but quickly put that thought from of her mind, before such a thought could be read by either of the two little mind-readers beside her.

The next morning all of Fernland was busy making picnic lunches to take to King’s Lake where they would stake out spots on the grassy hillside to watch Phinn’s latest triumph of smoke and mirrors. The whole of the royal family and their closest friends left early from the castle to view progress on the King Geoffrey at the boat works, before the show commenced.
“The ship is huge,” Prince Avor said.  “What do you plan to do with it?” he asked his father.
Electra listened for his reply, wondering herself what his plans were.
“I had planned to send it back and forth to China carrying wool, leather and wood products one way and luxury goods and white powder the other.  But Serafina was right when she guessed we now have a surplus of the exploding powder.”
“I believe there is no such thing as a surplus of white powder,” Avor said. “Once the Great Khan gains control of China, as he surely will, he will cut off any exporting of the powder.  We should stockpile as much as possible before that happens.”
King Geoffrey looked askance at his son, perhaps wondering if this were truly his son or just some war-mongering impersonator.

Later in the day, watching the show with her family surrounding her, Electra was amazed at the difference Lars’ pulley systems made in the ability of the actors to fly and swoop over the stage. Shandor was there to entertain with his fiddle and the sound of real Gypsy music accompanied the inspired dancing of Juanita and Esmeralda. As the play concluded, the magic black box, decorated as a treasure chest, revealed a replica of the ship, the King Geoffrey, in miniature.
After the play, Fernland’s residents were treated to free cups of ale which prompted many toasts to the royal family’s health.
The afternoon celebration at King’s Lake continued on at the castle with a formal dinner in the Great Hall. All the cast of Phinn’s play was there along with all of King Geoffrey’s ministers and guests.
Electra was interested to note that Lars the Trader changed seats to be next to Esmeralda. She turned to Dagon to whisper, “I think there is a romance brewing between Lars and Esmeralda.”
“Not likely,” Dagon said. “Lars is always on the road.”
“If he were to fall in with the acting troupe, he would have free transportation by sea,” Electra said.
Dagon pursed his lips and nodded. “You may be right. He does seem to be trying hard to impress Esmeralda with stories of his adventures.”
“Would he be a great loss to Helsop?”
“He would still buy goods from us to sell on his travels,” Dagon said.
“Then I hope we are right. He knew just what to buy for Mother. She bought the whole lot of his luxury goods.”
“Yes, he is a good businessman. It was he who sold me the ring that has been the cause of so much trouble.” Dagon smiled to take the sting from his words.
“I hope I have not consigned trouble to Shalin by giving it to her,” Electra said.
“It has given us many stories to tell our future child.”
“Yes, it has,” she agreed.
“Will you miss wearing such a treasure?”
“No, I love my new ring, I have my new ring, a new child for our family growing within me and a Fish Book from Kisher.” She smiled. “It is enough.”
Dagon laughed. “When we return to Helsop, if it has survived our absence, perhaps we should make plans to move into the castle. Our cottage is really too small even for one more.”
Electra stopped to think. “You may be right. I suppose it would be the perfect time to make such a move.” She smiled up at him. “Will you then become King Dagon?”
“I will not. I am quite relieved to be free of even your father’s burden of making me Acting King during his absences. Now that job will fall to Avor.”
“How was your meeting with Father and Minister of War, Avor, the new victim for the role of Acting King?”
“Tense? Strained? I sense trouble ahead and am glad we will be leaving soon for Helsop. Speaking of that, when do you plan to leave?”
“I am already quite fatigued from an excess of entertainment. I believe we must stay a few days at least but after that, the sooner the better. I am most anxious to head back to Helsop.”
“I will tell Tandor he may leave when he wishes. He can tell those in Helsop we will follow shortly.”

Two days later, Electra and Dagon sat ready to depart for Helsop in Fernland’s royal carriage. Queen Delphinia refused to even listen to any talk of their riding to Helsop on horseback. Electra had to promise she would return for a longer stay at harvest time before they were allowed to take their leave. 
Dagon knocked on the roof of the carriage and the driver sang out “Hi up,” to set the horses in motion.
“Until harvest,” Electra called out.
“Until harvest,” Delphinia shouted back.
Delphinia, Geoffrey and Avor waved at the departing carriage and Electra rested her head on Dagon’s shoulder.
“It will be good to see Helsop again,” Electra said.
Dagon kissed the top of Electra’s head.  “Better than good. I now believe us both blessed to live in such a perfect place.”




