Puzzled (The Rena Files #2)

By Lyza Ledo 

Copyright 2012 Lyza Ledo

Smashwords Edition
Dedication
To my little Booger,
 No one said you were allowed to grow up!
Love, Lyza
Acknowledgements
Thanks Kasey, for another great job
At PWL Editing.
Chapter 1: Now Where Were We?
So it’s four months later, and I know you are all wondering what could possibly make me come back for another story. Like I could even attempt to have something as interesting happen so soon. I’m not going to lie life was good. It’s August and the Fillmore case is officially closed. It closed in July to be exact, and yes Cait, Randy, and Josh were found guilty of all charges. Randy and Josh were sent off to the state prison, and lucky Cait won her guilty by reason of insanity plea, leaving her in a state mental institution located in Philadelphia. 
On a brighter note however, my parents were back in town at least for the next two weeks. They are considering this their annual vacation. Aunt Krystal is currently on a cruise with her new boyfriend, Dr. Todd, at least that’s what I’ve started calling him. Leaving me alone with my parentals, it hasn’t been this way since I was twelve.
 Dave is doing well, too. He’s gotten himself a girlfriend, finally and I have to admit I really like her. Her name’s Whitney. She’s cute, a much better selection than me or Caitlin. This girl is actually sweet and normal. He needs a little normal after what he’s been through.  But I know the question burning your thoughts is… yes I’m still with Jesse. Close the book if you like now, but if you do you’ll miss a great story, honest.
On a sadder note, after everything that happened with the Fillmores they ended up moving back to Virginia where they were originally from. It was disappointing to know Daisy wouldn’t be around anymore. She really was a sweet kid, I had tried to spend as much time with her as possible, after what happened, but once she moved, there really wasn’t much else for me to do. I guess I tried to wrap myself up in my work. Not that I actually worked. I volunteer or intern whatever you want to call it at the local police department.
 My godfather happens to be the Lieutenant of the Walterville police department, and got me a nice internship of answering phones five days a week at the WPD station. My parents insisted I take the opportunity and all the opportunities Joe, my godfather, offered if I really wanted to be in the crime fighting business. 
See my parents are starting to pressure me into deciding what I want to do with the rest of my life being that I will be a senior in high school this year. Sigh! Honestly, I have no clue what I plan on doing as long as I’m around Jesse when I do it. I’ll be fine. It’s not like I can tell my parents that though. So I’ve tossed up Criminology, Psychology, and Chemistry. Needless to say, everyone expects me to do the Crim thing, since my parents happen to be pretty awesome detectives, Rebecca and Rich Solis when not playing doting parents to me are usually traveling about helping the police, FBI, and any other organization that hires them to solve unsolvable cases. 
It’s August now. The sun is bright and hot in the summer sky. There is exactly one month until school starts, and I’m not necessarily looking forward to school again. The last few months of the last school year were not the most memorable for me. It was whispers and gossip after Caitlin and company were shipped away and everyone knew it was me. Let’s just say people parted like the red sea when I was around. I felt like an alien, and I don’t see that changing this year. I can survive though, Jesse and David are all the friends a girl could possibly need.

~~~
Work today was more boring than usual. Living in the suburbs means there is not necessarily a lot of crime out here. It’s even rarer to get an actual case that might be a challenge. None have crossed my desk since I’ve been here, making my job beyond boring. Seventy percent of the time I just watch the clock waiting to leave. I leave at four everyday just to meet Jesse, sometimes Dave and Whitney, at the Scoop which happens to be conveniently located across the street from the police station. The Scoop is the retro diner Jesse’s parents own and run. Jesse works there full time in the summer and even puts a lot of hours in during the school year. 
 I walk over there every day and Jesse usually drives me home or we go through with whatever plans we have for that night. I bet you’re wondering geez is this chick ever going to get her own car? Well the good news is I got my license last month and a decent car from my parents, a Mazda M3 that happens to be a pretty kick ass lime green. Although it’s a fun color, it’s not very subtle, especially in a detective’s profession, but I can think about that in the future. I haven’t really driven much because of my car pooling summer job but it will be different once school starts, at least I hope. 
Back to the point, work is done and I’m heading over to the Scoop to meet my handsome boyfriend as he gets off work. I walked in and headed to the counter where I usually waited for Jesse to finish up, his mom was working the counter today, must have been busy. “Hey Rena, how was your day, sweetheart?” Mrs. Harris said happily. She was a very pretty older woman, with mahogany brown hair and matching eyes. She also had the kindest smile and seemed to be one of the tallest women I’ve ever met topping out at a whopping 5’9.
 “Good, uneventful, Mrs. Harris, how was the crowd today?”
 “Oh today was very busy.” She said brightly as she went to the soda machine when she returned she had a wicked smile in place. “So I have a proposition for you, Ren.” 
“Yes, Mrs. Harris?” I asked inquiringly as she placed a diet coke in front of me. When I first started meeting Jesse at work I’d happily order the best drink on the menu: the Strawberry Milkshake, but the quick refills and the long amount of sitting I did. Well let’s just say I didn’t want to expand my waistline. So I was strictly drinking diet instead.
 “Jenny’s boyfriend is coming for dinner tonight and he’s staying the week…I was hoping you would come to dinner tonight to keep Jesse in check.”
 “In check?” I said with a chuckle.
 “Well he always gets overprotective when Jenny introduces a new boyfriend. I thought you could probably keep him from interrogating the poor guy.” She said conspiringly as she leaned a bit over the counter when she saw Jesse finishing up at a table.
 I had to laugh at that, “No problem, Mrs. Harris, when is dinner?” 
“Six thirty, okay?” She asked looking a bit worried. Like I could ever say no to that invitation?
 “I’ll be there.” I said as Jesse walked behind the counter. His cargo shorts, white apron, and a stained white tee shirt only added to his already sexy persona.
 “Mom, you shouldn’t be socializing, there are customers waiting.” Jesse said with one of his many heart stopping smiles showing.
 “I get it,” she said as she rolled her eyes and walked to two men that had just sat down at the long counter.
“Hey beautiful,” Jesse said as he kissed me quickly on the lips, “I’m finishing up with one more table and then I am all yours.”
 “Good,” I said. 
“What are our plans for tonight?” He asked as he took off his apron and started cleaning off the counter in front of me. 
“Um dinner at your house then I don’t know what.” I said still sipping my diet coke. 
“Mom invited you to dinner?” Jesse said, a knowing smile spread across his gorgeous face. Jesse Harris was something else, it was always scary to know how perfect he was and that he was all mine. He was so handsome he was actually beautiful, at least in my eyes and the female student body at Walterville High. He had recently cut his hair so it was in a short cropped style that was barely longer than a few inches. It was so dark brown, it was almost black. Before it had a slight wave to it but now it was too short to notice. 
I still think he missed his hair. He used to always nervously run a hand through his hair. Now, it was too short for that and he would start to attempt to push his hand through his hair and find it wasn’t there, so he sort of slid a hand over his almost military style cut. It made me laugh when I noticed it.
However, the biggest thing that I couldn’t get over with Jesse were his ocean blue eyes. They were crystal clear and the brightest blue I had ever seen and I could see everything in his eyes at least when he wanted me to. When he was angry his eyes went a shade darker and it seemed like a thunderstorm raged over the water. Needless to say, I didn’t like Jesse angry. The rest of him was chiseled and masculine. He was taller than me, but most people were and had a relatively muscular build that he maintained after he dropped football from his extracurricular activities. His jaw was firm, his smile was effortless, and I never really figured out, why the hell he was with me. 
“To make sure you behave.” I added.
 “Of course I’ll behave.” Jesse said pretending to be insulted. 
“Your mom says you interrogated her other boyfriends.” I retorted, Jesse thought about it for a moment, the memories obviously making him smile, despite his best efforts to hide it.
“That was the past.” He threw back as he came out from behind the counter, “They should be done.” Jesse said as he walked to the lone table he was manning. 
I finished my drink and waited as Jesse finished with his table. The table sat several girls from our school. I had seen them before, they always flirted with Jesse when he was their waiter, I wasn’t jealous, who wouldn’t flirt with him? It was part of his job and I accepted it. Knowing I used to sort of do the same thing, okay maybe not. I just blushed like an apple whenever he came around and acknowledged me for a millisecond. 
“All done, I guess we’ll take you home to change?” Jesse asked as he stepped behind the counter again. 
“Yeah, that works,” I said as I stood up from my stool and grabbed my purse. We walked out of the diner hand and hand and that made everything better. 
“You seem happy, anything interesting happen at work?” He asked as we headed towards his black sedan.
 “No, always boring.” I said as I thought about the lack of interest I had in this job lately.
 “That’s not reassuring.” Jesse said as he stopped before his car and touched my face, “I guess you will never want to work in Walterville, when you are a famous detective.” Jesse said with a devilish grin.
 “I don’t know about all that, Jess.” I said hoping we weren’t going to have a let’s plan our future conversation, too. Jesse’s fingers were brushing across my cheeks, I knew I was blushing. I always did when he touched me. 
He kissed me softly, “I just think you need to stop avoiding it, Ren, there’s only a year left.” I nodded, as Jesse moved away from me and into the driver’s side of his Corolla. 
“What do you think I should wear tonight?” I asked as Jesse drove off towards my house. 
“I don’t know what about that new skirt you just bought?” he said with a teasing look on his face.
 “The floral one?” I asked thinking about my wardrobe.
 “Yeah, I think that’s hot.” Jesse replied enthusiastically.
 “I’m not supposed to be hot; it’s dinner with your parents.”
 Jesse smiled, “It never hurts,” he said with a sly grin.
 “Just drive,” I said casually trying to shake off thoughts of the last time we had some alone time. It was too long. 
We pulled up to my house, and Jesse followed me in, “Are your parents here?” Jesse asked as I unlocked the door. 
 “Doesn’t look like it.” I said looking for their car and not finding it.
 “Good,” Jesse said pulling me into his arms for a long kiss. 
I pushed the door opened, and pulled away from Jesse, “Mom, Dad?”
 No one answered, “Great,” Jesse said a devilish grin crossing his face and making my heart pound faster.
 “You know I have to get ready.” I said pulling away from him only slightly.
 “Just for a little…ten minutes?” he said as he pulled me towards the couch with him. Can you really blame me for not saying no? How many chances do you get alone to make out with your boyfriend? The answer was we don’t get much alone time…ever!
Jesse pulled me beside him, kissing my neck, shoulders, and lips. His kisses were like fire against my skin, I pulled his face towards me and our lips met again. Something I was never tired of was the way Jesse kissed me. It was always exhilarating and made me fall more and more in love with him each time. If you could be addicted to someone I was seriously on the road to being addicted to Jesse Harris.
“I wish we had more moments like this.” Jesse whispered barely taking his mouth from mine. I didn’t say anything, I just enjoyed his kisses.
 “Rena?” and there was the mood killer, my mother. “Are you home?” She shouted, I pushed Jesse off of me. 
“Yeah mom, me and Jesse.” I said and then heard her start treading down the stairs as Jesse and I stood and moved away from the sofa. 
“Jesse, I haven’t seen you in days.” Rebecca said as she came towards him for a hug. 
“Where is dad?” I asked as she focused her attention on Jesse. 
“Went to dinner with Joe.” She said finally shifting her gaze from my boyfriend, “I think you two should stay for dinner.” My mother announced as she walked into the kitchen. From the heat rushing to my cheeks and the way Jesse was rubbing his hand over his barely haired head, my mom’s knowing smile wasn’t a surprise at all.  
 “Actually I’m heading to Jesse’s house for dinner with his parents, we’re here so I can change.” I said as I started up the stairs to my room. 
“Jesse, you thirsty?” My mom asked barely acknowledging what I had said. 
“No thanks, Mrs. Solis.” Jesse replied back tersely. He looked a little embarrassed; I probably looked like a lobster with the amount of humiliation rushing through my head.
 “Please call me Rebecca, Jesse.” My mom sweetly retorted as she came back into the living room. 
I went upstairs leaving Jesse to handle my mother, who obviously loved him. I shifted through my closet for my new skirt and a decent top. I headed downstairs to see if my outfit would pass Jessie’s inspection before I found a pair of shoes, “Jess, what shoes?”
 He looked at me a moment, absorbing the outfit, he approved, “What about the black strappy ones?” he remarked.
 “The flats?” I asked and he nodded in agreement.
 “I guess” I said as I went upstairs to find them. I walked downstairs after I finished primping my makeup and accessories.  
“You look beautiful.” Jesse said as he kissed me quickly on my mouth since my mother was out of the room again. 
“Thanks. Ready to go?” I asked. He nodded in agreement.

 Chapter 2: Nice to Meet You
We pulled up in front of Jesse’s house, a new two story colonial with the white picket fence and the bright red front door, and every gardeners’ dream vegetable garden settled neatly at the side of the house. It was very reminiscent of one of those perfect American Dream homes that were everywhere in the 1950s. To be honest it was a lot nicer than mine. I get that my parents had more important things to do then upkeep a house, and granted they never thought they would be as busy as they were, but it still left me feeling nervous to come to his house, for that reason alone.  The other reason being that his family was so normal it kind of frightened me. “Ready?” Jesse asked as we stepped out of his car. 
“Aren’t I always?” I said as I made sure my skirt was flat.
 “I really like that skirt.” Jesse whispered into my ear as he grabbed my hand, his other hand snaking around my waist.
 “You would.” I said as I slapped away his hand from my waist. “Let’s just go in. Isn’t almost getting caught once today enough?” I said and he stopped trying to kiss me. He opened his front door, the hall was empty. 
“Mom, Dad?” Jesse shouted as he walked through the front doors.
“Kitchen!” I heard his dad yell. We walked through the long hallway into the kitchen. His parents were sitting across from his sister and who I assumed to be her boyfriend. 
“Hi Mr. and Mrs. Harris, Jenny.” I said as I took a seat beside Jesse.
 “Rena, Jesse this is Chris, Chris this is my brother and his girlfriend” Jenny said making introductions. 
“So Chris how long have you known Jen?” Jesse asked, I gave him a little nudge reminding him why I was there.
 “Behave.” I whispered, Jesse rolled his eyes and mumbled a disgruntled “Never mind.”
“Well maybe we should have dinner.” Jesse’s dad said as he stood and walked towards the kitchen. Jesse’s dad looked almost identical to him. Dark hair and piercing blue eyes nearly identical to his son’s. They had the same build and height, not that any of the Harris’ were short. Mrs. Harris and Jenny were 5’9, taller than most women and much taller than me. They just happened to have darker features the dark hair and dark chocolate brown eyes. Jesse was a younger twin to his father.  
I stood up and followed Jesse into the formal dining room with Jenny and Chris. “So Chris do you go to school with Jen?” I asked as we took our seats and waited for the Harris’s to get the food.
He looked up, “Um, yeah, we go to U. Penn together. I actually just transferred there this year.” Chris said, his voice wasn’t particularly strong, it sounded small compared to his size, but he was probably just nervous. I looked at him for moment, absorbing his odd appearance. He didn’t seem like Jenny’s type but he was handsome in a weird way. He wore designer dark rimmed glasses, with dark blue eyes shining smartly behind them, and had light brown hair that almost looked blond at the ends to finish off his look. He had a rounded face that made him look younger than he actually was, too. He was about as tall as Jesse, making him high enough to tower over Jen’s above average stature. He did have a quality that I could only describe as nerdy, maybe it was his pale complexion or his seemingly thin frame but he didn’t really come off as the type perky Jennifer Harris would go for. Jen and Jesse were all American kids. In high school Jen was on the soccer team, basketball team, and of course was an honor student. She was as well known as Caitlin, but Jen was probably more liked and respected.  
“Jen, have you taken Chris to the Scoop yet?” I asked directing my attention to Jesse’s sister, instead of interrogating the nervous guy myself.
 “Um, no, I think that’s the plan for tomorrow, you guys busy?” she asked. 
“I only work there all week of course I want to go there on a Saturday.” Jesse said while pouring himself some water from a glass pitcher already stationed at the table.
“Jess.” I admonished.
“What I’m kidding, whenever you want to go, Jen.” He said easing back into his chair, looking like he was one of those actors casually sprawled on a chair for a magazine cover. Yum!
Jesse’s parents came back in the room with dinner, it went awkwardly quiet. The way it usually did when parents enter a party or something. Dinner was delicious as always, Jesse’s family had major cooking genes, all of them could cook. It wasn’t even fair. 
When dinner finally ended, Jesse asked if I wanted to take a walk around the nearby park before he took me home. This was Jesse’s usual strategy to get alone time, which necessarily I didn’t mind especially since it was still light out. Thank you, Daylight Savings Time. We walked out of his house. 
“So what do you think of Chris?” I asked as Jesse grabbed my hand, when we started down the walkway.
 “He’s okay I guess…kind of weird.” He said with a shrug.
 “Really? Seemed pretty normal to me. Don’t think he’s Jen’s type though.” I said as we got closer to the park.
 “Do you want to watch the sunset?” he asked hoping to change the topic to a more romantically friendly one.
 “Yeah, I’d like that.” I said as we looked for our usual bench in the park that directly faced the sunset. Jesse and I sat here on a regular basis, mostly just to talk. It was a great view of the town too, another bonus was the park was always deserted even though it was summertime. There was nothing interesting for kids in this park, compared to the new park two blocks away. Lastly, it was and would always be the place where my world shifted. This was the exact bench where Jesse and I had shared our first kiss. 
We sat staring at the view, Jesse’s arms around me as he held me close and watched. Since he is a guy I thought he would get tired of watching the sun set but he said he liked how much I enjoyed it more than actually watching it. “So how do you rate this summer?” I looked at him, it was an odd question, he just smiled waiting for my response. “From one to ten.”
 “Seriously?” I asked knowing he was always serious when he gave me that expectant look.
 “Seriously.” He said, his expression unchanging.
 “Ten.” I said with a smile.
 “And why is that?” Jesse said with a knowing grin.
“I have a great internship and best friend, and the weather has been so nice lately.”
 “Hey!” He said a little insulted.
“Let me finish…and I have this guy that likes to sit here with me and watch sunsets…when he could be kissing me, but he’s a gent.” I said as I moved in and pressed my lips to his. 
“Glad to know I’m still that important.” Jesse said mocking the fact that he wasn’t the first thing I mentioned. “I wish we had more time together.” Jesse said as he stopped kissing me and stood up from our romantic park bench.
 “We see each other every day.” I said as I stood to start heading back towards his house.
 “I know but there is always someone else there…I just want a real date.” He said pulling my hand into his again.
 “Then why don’t we have a real date? You and me tomorrow, romantic dinner, movie?” I asked knowing he was liking the idea by his brightening expression.
 “Sounds nice. What about Jen and Chris?” He asked, his face dampened with thoughts of getting out of plans with his sister.
“We can reschedule.” I said kissing him one last time before we started walking to his car. Jesse dropped me off, disappointedly nothing else happened. 
I walked into my house to hear my parents on the phone with…Krystal? “Is that Aunt Krys?”I asked as I walked into the house.
 “Oh good, Krys, Rena is home.” I took the phone from my mom.
 “Hey, Aunt Krys, how’s the cruise?” I asked, her voice making me miss her even though she’d only been gone for a few days.
“Great, we are having so much fun! You should talk your parents into taking you on one, Rena. You would love it.” Krys was excited and distracted all at the same time I noticed as she whispered something to Todd, who was apparently close by. 
“I love you, Aunt Krys, go have more fun, I’m giving the phone back to mom.”
 “Okay,” she said sounding disappointed. I felt bad for not talking longer, but I was tired. It was nine thirty and I just wanted to fall asleep, watching TV. I was turning into to an old lady at sixteen. What teenage girl went to bed at nine thirty on a Friday night during the summer?
 “Hey dad,” I said as I handed the phone back to my mother, “How was dinner?”
 “Good the usual. So Jesse was here?” He asked pointedly searching for information on my face. I really hated having detective parents sometimes, especially when they probed your expression for answers instead of outright asking you. It made it really difficult to hide anything. Believe me I’d know. 
“Yeah, why?” I said hoping to actually talk about this instead of letting him ask me another question that would undoubtedly make me turn into a tomato.
“I think it’s time you invite Jesse to dinner at our house sometime, Ren.” He said instead, completely throwing me off. 
 “Dad, we don’t cook.” I said, as I rolled my eyes, he didn’t like that I spent more time at Jesse’s house than my own. It was understandable, particularly since my parents weren’t always in town.
“What about Sunday?” He asked, ignoring my last comment completely. 
“We usually hang out with Dave and Whit on Sunday.” I said hoping he’d let it go. 
 “Well all four of you can come over.” He said it like it was the obvious solution to my problem. Not a complete nightmare. 
 “Dad,” I complained, trying to be firm in my beliefs, but he looked at me with those sad puppy brown eyes, and I couldn’t deny him. “Ugh I’ll talk to Dave maybe we can have lunch instead.” I said as I started up the stairs to my room, feeling utterly defeated.
My first call was actually to Jesse, he was surprised too. “Not tired of me yet?” He snidely remarked when he answered. 
 “Do you love me?” I asked, praying he didn’t feel as put off as I did by him having dinner here.
 “Of course why?” He asked suspiciously.
 “My dad wants you to come over for dinner Sunday.” I replied nervously.
 “Did you tell him we had plans with Dave and Whitney?” he asked, absolutely calm and rational, like he always was, no matter the circumstance.
“Yup.” I quickly retorted.
“And?” He said pressing me for more information.
“I said I would try to reschedule with them.” I said, hoping he would pick up that I was desperately in need for him to come up with a better solution. 
 “Well did you ask Dave and Whit?” he asked.
 “No, I was going to call Dave when I hung up with you.” I said depressed.
 “I’m fine with it.” He replied nonchalantly.
 “Really?” I said kind of stunned.
 “What’s wrong?” He asked reading my surprise even over the phone. He was almost as perceptive as my parents sometimes. 
 “I just thought it would be weird.” I added, thinking it was obvious.
“I like your parents when I was dating…. Um before when I had dinner there.” He said quickly changing his phrasing when he almost mentioned her. Jesse had been trying to forget about the whole two years he dated Caitlin. I never forgot, but that wasn’t something he needed to know.  We as a couple were beyond what happened with him and Caitlin. We were together and that was more important, but it still bothered me a bit she used to be my best friend after all. Old habits die hard.
“Okay then, I’ll call Dave and text you with the decision.” I said, now feeling completely defeated.
“Okay I love you, Ren, good night.” He said, instantly raising my dampened spirits.
 “Yeah I love you too, Jess.” I said, wondering how the hell he could love me but thankful that he did all at the same time. I don’t know how those three words could hold so much power but from Jesse that was my kryptonite. I always felt at complete peace no matter what when he told me he loved me. The world could be crumbling around me and I would be blissfully happy knowing he loved me.
Chapter 3: Getting to Know You
Next, I dialed David. “What’s up Ren?” Was how Dave decided to answer the phone. Did anyone say hello anymore?
“Do me a huge favor!” I said hoping to sound excessively pitiful.
 “Oh god what?” He replied back.
 “It’s not that bad.” I said insulted from his worried response, “Can we reschedule Sunday dinner to lunch?” I asked.
“Um I guess why?” He said casually not caring nearly as much as I did about the conversation. He actually sounded like he wasn’t even paying attention and was doing something else. Jerk!
 “The parentals want to have Jesse over for dinner.” I groaned.
He just laughed, “Nice.”
 “Shut up.” I retorted angrily.
 “Do you think they are going to interrogate him?” He asked, sounding like he was paying more attention to the conversation and putting more anxiety in my head than I already had.
“Dave!” I cried.
“What? He’s not just your friend anymore. Your dad probably wants to know what Jesse wants with his daughter.” He added teasingly.
 “Oh god…I hope that isn’t true.” I complained.
 “I think it is.” He said not hiding his enjoyment of our conversation.
 “Dave…I hate you.” I said, the dread settling in my stomach like a ball of lead. I was looking forward to Sunday less by the minute.
 “No, you don’t.” He replied happily.
 “Thanks about rescheduling you guys can choose the place then.” I said, preparing to end our conversation.
 “All right, talk to you tomorrow?” he said concluding as well.
 “Yup, see you then.” I said as I hung up. I hadn’t even thought of what Dave had said beforehand. I was so screwed come Sunday.   
After a quick text to Jesse I turned on the television, hoping to catch some well deserved z’s. Following everything that happened this past year, I was still having this recurring dream or nightmare is a more accurate word. It freaked the hell out of me every time I had it but for some odd reason I had it every night this week. Leaving me totally drained from no sleep. 
It was the weirdest thing though. It always started with me in the woods of the cemetery that the Fillmore girls were buried in. I was walking alone through the woods going towards the small stream at the bottom of the hill. Everyone would be trying to stop me from going over the hill like, Rose, Violet, Dave, Whitney. Even Josh and Randy were trying to stop me from going over the hill, but I always ignored them. I walked and walked for what seemed like ages the people just telling me to turn around for my own good. I never listened. I would struggle away from them and I’d walked to the stream to see two sweaty bodies intertwined together by this massive oak tree, a few feet from the stream. The first few times, I didn’t know who the two people obviously engrossed in their own activities were but after the last few times their images were clearer and clearer. It was Caitlin and Jesse. Weird? Scary? Creepy? Disturbing? I don’t know but it always made me jump back into alertness halting me from sleeping for the rest of the night.
Tonight would be different, though. No more of this absurd dream, I didn’t even know what it meant. It was so out there I didn’t dare to mention it to anyone. After I first saw that it was Jesse and Caitlin, I just thought it had to do with the fact that I hated to think they actually were in a relationship, where they “loved” each other, that it bothered me more than I cared to admit. I know it bothered me but did it bother me enough to not be in a relationship with Jesse? The one guy I’ve liked since I first saw. I didn’t think so but my subconscious was trying to tell me something.
 Next, I thought it was my mind’s way of saying Jesse was cheating but that was insane. So that hypothesis was dropped as quickly as it started. He did spend most of his time with me already and if he wasn’t with me he was usually working. He couldn’t, right?
 I think the thing that bothered me most was the words in the dream not necessarily the dream, Caitlin would always turn and look at me, “I am Jesse’s first love…his first!” She would say this with a wicked look on her face and then get back to the inappropriate things she was doing with my boyfriend. I think that was the problem and I needed to forget about that. Jesse was my boyfriend now, we are supposed to forget about everything else that happened before each other, no matter how deranged the past was. At least this is what I told myself as I prepared to go to bed. This was my new mantra and nothing would prevent me from one night of good sleep I deserved it.

~~~
I fell asleep that night without interruptions. I woke up the next morning to my parents talking. Yay me for getting woken up at nine am. I walked down the stairs, “Why are you guys up so early?” I said as I saw them watching the news, the Philadelphia News, I should clarify.
“They found a body on the highway in Walterville today.” My mom said walking back into the living room and offered me a cup of coffee. I promptly declined, I didn’t drink coffee. People say it stunts your growth, and I most definitely do not need to be stunted any more than I already am. Even though every time I told my dad that he laughed, and said I’m not growing anymore even if I was stretched. I was topping out at a whopping 5’1. Go me!  
“Have they ID’d it yet?” I asked starting to pay attention to the news anchors.
 “They think it might be a missing U. Penn student.” My dad muttered as he focused on the TV. The thing with detective parents…they were really into the news. So into it, that it was normally what was on the television the majority of the day.  I watched for a few more minutes and decided I needed to be productive. I wanted to eat breakfast, clean my room, and look nice when Jesse picked me up for lunch with his sister and her boyfriend. 
While I was eating, my mom asked if I had any plans and she listened as I rattled off my plans with Jesse, “Dinner just the two of you?” she said with a small smile on her face.
 “We never really get to hang out alone, so Jesse said we were having a date tonight.” I said liking the idea more and more as I thought about it. It had been a long time since we had gone anywhere alone, that wasn’t the Scoop.
 “Well have fun.” My mom said as she went back into the living room. 

~~~
I cleaned faster than I thought possible and was ready ten minutes before Jesse said he would pick me up. He knocked and I opened the door before anyone else attempted to answer it. Thankfully, my parents had gone back upstairs.
“Wow, you look beautiful.” Jesse said as he looked past me to see if my parents were around, then he kissed me like he hadn’t seen me in months. “I guess we should be heading out.” Jesse said reluctantly as he looked back at his sister and Chris in his car.
 “Yeah, let’s go,” I said grabbing my purse that was dangling from a hook near the door.
“Did Dave get back with a place to eat?” He asked as we walked down the driveway.
 “Yeah, Whit wants to go to the Scoop.” I said, rolling my eyes.
 “Why does she like that place so much?” Jesse said with a knowing grin.
 “I don’t know…maybe she has a thing with one of the waiters.” I said as seriously as I could, which wasn’t much considering the poorly suppressed smile that came to my face, Jesse just laughed.
 “Yeah that is totally it. Maybe we should give Dave a heads up.” Jesse said as he got into the driver’s seat and I followed into the surprisingly empty passenger’s side. 
 “So Chris you are in for a treat…this place is like the coolest place to eat in town.”
 “No, it’s not.” Jen said a little embarrassed.
 “Don’t be modest your parents run a great diner.” I said as I turned around in my seat and Jesse headed for the place we went to the most, The Scoop. 

~~~
“It’s retro” Chris said surprised. He took in the exterior as we walked in. It was retro it had that old school diner feel that always made it feel charming. The light blues and silver around the exterior and interior were reminiscent of something in Grease. Missy was standing at the hostess booth looking bored. One hand propped up her head and a few strands of her blond hair fell into her face from her messy ponytail.
“Four?” she asked, standing up fully, and continued to mostly pay attention to Jesse. I had told Jesse that Missy had a thing for him but he didn’t believe me, he was oblivious sometimes. I mean he had to be to not know I had a crush on him for three years. We took a booth close to the counter and ordered. 
 “So Chris, do you like Philly?” Jesse asked trying to be as un-accusing as a little brother could be.
 “It’s cool, different but I like it.” Chris said simply. He seemed nice, he was just a man of few words it appeared. It was understandable my father was very similar. He said what he meant and that was it.
“So Jen how’d you guys meet?” I asked knowing it was the question Jesse was dying to ask, but knew it was too inquisitive a question for him. 
“Oh a frat party at U. Penn. Maybe five months ago?” Jen said looking at Chris for confirmation. 
“Wow, so you haven’t known each other long? Did you start dating right away?” I asked pressing the issue knowing Jesse would appreciate it greatly. Jen smiled at this question.
 “Actually Chris didn’t want a girlfriend when we met, so we were just friends.” She said not caring to elaborate. 
 “I asked you out like a month later.” Chris added defensively. They were cute together and he was nice. That was probably the reason Jen liked him so much. We talked back and forth for two hours before Jesse announced we had a movie to see. 
That was our next stop, the mall with the local movie theater. “I can’t wait to see this movie.” I said as we headed into the mall hand and hand.
 “Of course you do it’s a chick flick.” He complained.
 “Shut up no it isn’t…it’s a comedy.” I said defensive of my movie choice.
 “With chicks.” He retorted. 
 “No, it’s about two guys, jerk.” I said as we walked towards the concession stand. 
“Want anything?” He asked, slowing down for me.
 “Not if we have dinner plans.” I said oddly excited that we were alone for once.
 “Yeah, we do.” He said with a devilish grin, “I planned everything.” We took our seats in the theater and cuddled together as the movie started. 

~~~
“Tell me you didn’t like that?” I said as we left the restaurant.
 “Dinner was better than the movie.” Jesse said with a carefree smile. Man, he was sexy today. He had a hint of a shadow from not shaving today and it just added to the perfection that was my boyfriend. 
 “Don’t lie you enjoyed the movie.” I said shocked, that he was openly disregarding his constant laughter during the movie.
 “It was okay.” He said with a nonchalant shrug.
 “You were so into it…it’s okay I won’t tell.” I said as we walked towards his black Toyota. As we got into the car he finally admitted he enjoyed the movie, because I was right. We pulled up to my house, too soon.
 “I guess this is good night, babe.” Jesse said as he was walking me to my door.
 “Why don’t we watch a movie or something?” I said hoping he wouldn’t leave, it was only eight on a Saturday. Come on, throw a girl a bone! This was not the way I wanted tonight to end.
 “We just saw one.” He said giving me an unconvinced look. 
 “Jess.” I said moving in closer hoping to persuade him.
 “I know it’s early but what else is there to do?” He said but abruptly shut up when I kissed him.
“Lots.” I said still staying close, so he wouldn’t change his mind.
He smiled, “You really want your parents to hate me?” He said in a pained voice not matching his seductive eyes.
 “Why would you say that?” I asked, feigning confusion by his comment.
 “They are always on the verge of catching us here.” He said brushing the hair away from my face and his hand remaining on my cheek.
 “Come in.” I said as I pulled him towards my porch.
 “Only for a little.” He said as he followed me to my front door. 
My parents were sitting in the living room watching the news again, “News again? You know we get like two hundred other channels?” I said as I walked through the door, with Jesse right behind me. 
“They identified the dead girl.” My mom said as she quickly looked over, registered Jesse’s presence, and turned back towards the TV. 
“Yeah, so why are you still watching?” I asked.
“She was missing for two days before they found her.” My mom replied in disbelief.
 I looked over at Jesse, he was watching the news now too. Geez, is this the part of the detective gene I missed? “Yeah, I still don’t get what is so interesting.” I said confused why everyone cared so much, people died every day. 
“She was found in Walterville but had never been here before.” My dad said practically reading my questioning thoughts.
 “So the killer dropped her body the first chance he got.” I said with a shrug as I sat on the empty love seat not facing the television. Jesse sat beside me, turning slightly to continue watching. 
“You know stuff like this rarely happens in Walterville.” Jess said leaning back and throwing his arm over my shoulders. 
“So how was your night?” My mom said as she eyed us curiously.
 “Good, we were just going to watch a movie but since the news is so enthralling I guess we can do something else.”
 “Oh sweetie, we can watch upstairs.” My mom said standing abruptly and pushing my father up the stairs. 
“But this TV is bigger, Becca.”My dad started in protest.
 “It’s just the news,” she huffed and quickly continued up the stairs with my father. What do you do when that happens? Laugh was my answer. At least I had parents who tried to consider my privacy even if they were going to drill me the next day.
“Smooth,” Jesse said as he walked towards the shelves of DVDs we had. “What are you in the mood for?” He asked as he looked through the titles we had.
 “Your choice, I chose the movie.” I said as I went to the sofa facing the TV. The sofas were still too firm for my liking. They were new after all the blood on the last sofa , courtesy of Jesse, Randy, and Josh it was pretty totaled.  My parents decided there was no salvaging the worn in couches and we had gotten a new set shortly after they returned. They were nicer than the last set, they were chocolate brown with crimson throw pillows. Maybe to hide the blood stains for next time. I was praying there would never be a next time.
 “Action?” Jesse asked still at the DVD shelf.  I shrugged, what did I care as long as Jesse was sitting next to me, not paying attention to the movie. He threw in the DVD and sat beside me shoving some of the pillows aside. My mom did get a little pillow happy when she was decorating. “I love this movie.” Jesse added as he swung his arm over my shoulders again.
 “How much do you love this movie?” I said as I pulled him towards me for another kiss.
 “See what I mean?” He said smiling, “You just want to get me in trouble, Solis.”
 “I do not.” I said starting to kiss his neck.
 “Stop, Ren.” Jess said moving away from me but hopefully not really meaning it. I looked at him hurt. This wasn’t how I planned for the night to go.
 “Aw Jess, they aren’t going to come downstairs, my mom trusts us.” I said hoping to sway him slightly.
 “Yeah, and I’d like to keep it that way.” Jesse said still not convinced. 
“Kissing is not going to get us into trouble.” I said moving closer to him again.
 He exhaled deeply, “You are trouble.” He said as he started kissing me this time. We didn’t stop until the movie ended to my relief. This is all I actually wanted when I wanted a night out with Jesse. Just a chance to kiss, I know teenage hormones are vicious. He left after the movie, not that we watched it or anything. My parents never stepped out of their room that night which was great, and led to my saying I told you so before Jesse left the house.
Chapter 4: Content
I went to bed that night perfectly content with life. I woke up the next morning completely rested after a nightmare free night, again. It was starting to look like everything was resolving itself. Maybe the nightmare wasn’t going to come back again. I had worked out the problem it was over. Life was finally starting to look like something that resembled normalcy.
“So tell me how your night was?” My mom asked as I walked into the kitchen for a pop tart.
 “Mom that’s weird.” I snapped back.
 “What? I want to know.” She said not really seeming like my mother but more like Krystal when she was trying to buddy up to me.
 “We went to a movie and dinner last night. It was nice.” I said simply.
 “So are you two in love?” Why did my mom have to ask questions like this? I’m sure Jesse’s parents never asked him stuff like this. 
I rolled my eyes. “Mom…it’s been four months.” I said blatantly trying to evade her question.
 “So I knew I loved your father when I saw him.” I rolled my eyes again. She always said stuff like that.
“Okay, mom, yeah I think I do, happy?” I said, hoping she didn’t press for more.
 “You think? Has he said I love you?” She said moving towards me.
 “Mom, it’s too early for an interrogation, can we hold out until after breakfast?” I said still trying to unwrap my meal and being unsuccessful.
“What did you watch last night?” Was her last question, and boy did she get me with that one.
 “Um, an action movie.” I said hoping she didn’t catch the fact that I had no clue what we watched. 
“Which one?” She shot back quickly, damn she noticed.
“The one with Mel Gibson.” I said hoping she would drop it.
 “What did you think?” She continued.
“Mom!” I said knowing my face was burning as red as an apple.
 “Just making sure we went upstairs for a good reason.” She said with a wink.
 “That is weird, mom.” I said as I finally took my first bite of pop tart.
 “You guys only kiss right?” My mom asked worry crossing her face for only a fraction of a second.
 “Yes, mom now bye.” I said as I walked into the living room. 
My phone rang, “Rena?” Joe’s deep voice asked and he didn’t sound at all happy.
 “Hi Joe…. Anything I can do for you on this lovely Sunday?”
 “Can you work till noon today?” he asked the authoritative tone he saved for work coming through clearly.
 “Um sure… I just have to switch some things around.” I quickly dressed, told my parents where I was going, and headed to the station.

~~~
“Good you have two options, go to the morgue with me to take notes or answer phones.” He said as I walked into the building.
 “Morgue.” I said without a second thought.
 “I thought you would say that, Susan has a weak stomach.” Joe said with conspiratorial grin on his face, I nodded and followed him to his patrol car. Joe Vasquez reminded me of my dad in a lot of ways. Besides having similar dark features and being close in age. Joe and my dad had the same outlook on life. There wasn’t much to say when you needed to be out there making it better. They both in their own way I guess were making the world better. They both were also really on my case about making adult decisions and not being rash and getting into situations that could get me murdered. 
“What are we going to the morgue for?” I asked actually curious.
 “The college student…well there seems to be a similar case in Philly so I have to look for anything that can link the murders.” He said not willing to share any more information. 
 “Is it only the two?” I asked my curiosity growing. Finally something was actually happening in this town!
 “It could be two or more all over the state we are not sure.” He said and a flash of distress crossed his dark features. There was something he wasn’t telling me I was thinking this case was a lot bigger than he was letting on. Is it wrong to feel the adrenaline pump start?
 “So is this a serial killer?” I asked sure I had cracked why he was so worried. 
 “No, not yet there’s only two bodies that have been matched, if this one is the same guy, however, this will make him a serial killer.” 
“Wow,” I said as I texted Dave and Jesse that lunch had to be moved to one. 
We arrived at the Walterville morgue; it was a relatively normal building for it to house dead people and all. We walked into a surprisingly bright lobby, windows everywhere, Lt. Vasquez talked to the man at the front desk, who eyeballed me oddly but escorted us to the Medical Examiner’s office.
 Dr. Cummings was the medical examiner. He was a short man that was only a few inches taller than me. He was balding and reminded me of that guy who played a rat in Harry Potter. Random I know. “Nice to see you, Lt. Vasquez.” He said sounding different than I expected, he had a strong oddly deep voice for such a small man.
“Dr. Cummings this is my assistant Rena Solis, we just want to examine the body and gather some notes, is that okay?” 
“Not at all, she looks young though.” He said obviously eyeing me as well.
 “She is well trained.” Joe added, hoping to get me passed the gray flapping doors now in front of us. 
“Okay if you say so…I hope she isn’t a fainter.” Dr. Cummings remarked as we went into what I assumed was the actual morgue. He looked at a few drawers than opened one with a body covered by a white sheet resting on the metal slab. It was very reminiscent of all those television shows in the morgue. I didn’t expect it to be like that. “Parents identified her today.” Cummings remarked and I started writing fervently and turned on a voice recorder. Why I kept writing I have no clue but it did keep me occupied and not questioning the acrid smell of a few day old dead body. 
He uncovered the body, “Sarah Martin, nineteen, college student, appears to have been dead for only a few days.” Cummings said, “Autopsy revealed: contusions to the head, arms, ribs, and legs, probably attacked and abused when she was kidnapped.”
 “Any telling marks? Are they all before she died?” Vasquez said walking closer to the body for further observation. I stayed back. I wasn’t even comfortable with looking much less getting closer to that awful smell that was floating around the room, even more so when he pulled out the body. I had Goosebumps as soon as the doctor slid the metal slab out into view and they made the tiny hairs on my arms stand to attention as the doctor started moving her around.
 “That’s what it looks like except this one.” He said and then pointed to one on her arm, “The assailant probably caused this when he was disposing of the body.” Cummings continued, I stayed focused on my notepad writing as much as I could knowing the recording would be a lot more useful. “She appears to have been sexually assaulted when she was alive as well. We sent evidence to see if there was any DNA already. No fingerprints were on the body, only cause of death that we have identified is blunt force trauma to the head.” Dr. Cummings said, pulling the body out further.
 “Philly P.D. says their bodies all had a brand on their neck, a tattoo, I guess of a puzzle piece.” Vasquez remarked.
Dr. Cummings lifted Sarah’s head, “Like that?” he said pointing to a blue puzzle piece behind her neck. The piece was colored in mostly except for an empty area on the lower left side. My Goosebumps returned almost instantly. This was the freakiest thing I had ever seen.
“Like that.” Joe said with a sigh. This was not good. Even I knew this was spelling out a lot of trouble in the near future. 
 I pulled out the police camera and took a Polaroid of the image. I took another picture of the contusion that supposedly caused her death. I stepped back again and started writing again as they conversed over possible murder weapons or telling marks in her bruises. We finally left and boy was I grateful the smell of death is not very pleasant, but I was relieved I hadn’t fainted like Dr. Cummings thought I would.
“So what do you think?” Joe said as we got into the car.
 “Serial killer…what is up with the puzzle piece?” I said clearly confused and curious about its meaning.
 “I guess it is like a calling card, or the way he remembers them.” He said simply. His voice however had gone into work mode. This case was bothering him and he was letting it show.
 “Is it drawn on?” I asked, I wasn’t really sure I was understanding the purpose of something like that. I mean wouldn’t it be dumb to leave something so noticeable on all your victims? The police could so easily link all the dead bodies together like they were now.  
“It looks like it but I don’t know if it adds up to anything or if we put them all together we will have something.” He said and then exhaled deeply trying to stay calm and collected before we returned to the police station.
 “That’s interesting. I don’t know how far you will get with only three victims though.” I said thinking what would a serial killer really want to spell out to the public. 
“Yeah, well let’s hope we catch this guy before we put the puzzle together.” Joe said, his voice still strained, “See you tomorrow, Rena.” He said as he parked at the police station. 
“That was interesting. Thanks for inviting me, Joe.” I said as I went over to Susan to give her my notepad, pictures, and recording. “Bye, Susan.” I said as I walked outside to see, Dave and Whitney walking to the Scoop. 
“I must have great timing.” I said as I startled them when I touched their shoulders.
 “Hey Ren, were you working?” Dave asked curiously.
 “Yup. You know being an employed member of society means sometimes you have to come in on the weekends to work the big cases.” I said as we walked into the Scoop. Jesse was already there sitting at the counter looking as dreamy as usual. He smiled as he walked over and put his arms around me. 
“My working girl, anything interesting happen?” Jesse said as we took seats at a booth towards the back of the large diner. 
“Went to the morgue and saw that dead girl from the news yesterday.” I said as I started to sip my strawberry milkshake, our waiter had just brought. 
“That’s cool, I guess there is finally some action going on over there now.” Jesse said resting his hand on mine. 
“The college girl case?” Dave said surprised, “Why would they take you?”
 “Joe wanted me to go, and Susan has a weak stomach.” I said with a shrug.
“It’s the morgue, who really wants to go when they don’t have to?” Whitney added, noticeably disgusted. I liked Dave and Whitney together, they had a lot in common. Whitney was pretty. She had dark brown hair that was short to just above her shoulders and was usually pin straight, she had similar hazel eyes to Dave and they both played soccer. It’s how they met. She was taller than me, of course everyone was. She had a very thin frame probably from all the soccer she played. They got along well together and the four of us got along well too, miraculously. It was odd the whole double date idea, but it was working for us. She fit in like she was always there with us and I liked her a lot. I was happy for Dave. He deserved to have some luck in the girl department for a change. 
“I’m starved even after that.” I said, seeing our waiter coming with our food order.
 “It probably smelled awful.” Whit said as her nose wrinkled in distaste just thinking about it.
 “It was terrible…but guess what.” I said almost slapping myself for forgetting, “Apparently this is the work of some professional.” I said quietly leaning forward so everyone could hear me. “They say there are two bodies in Philly with the same characteristics.” I said starting on my burger and fries.
“So it’s a serial killer?” Dave said disbelievingly as he started on his own meal not looking like this was hampering his appetite. 
“Not yet, they have to prove that this one is the third victim which I’m sure they will have no trouble doing.” I said adding ketchup to my fries and starting on those.
 “Why is that?” Jesse asked inquisitively. 
 “Can’t say that is strictly police only info.” I said shoving a fry into my mouth, “So how was your weekend, guys?” I said looking across to Dave and Whitney. We sat there for an hour talking back and forth from school, to jobs, to movies. I liked that even though I barely knew Whitney she fit into the weird thing I had with Jesse and Dave perfectly. I needed more girlfriends and she was a great start.
I drove home as Jesse followed, he wanted me to help him find something decent to wear for dinner with my parents. He was more nervous then he let on.  “You know what you are wearing is fine.” I said as I got into the passenger side of his car. 
“Ren, I should look better than I normally do.” He complained.
 “Jess, you look great all the time, you really don’t have to change.” I retorted reassuringly.
 “You always change before we go to dinner at my house.” He said defensively.
 “Yeah, but we eat in that fancy dining room.” I shot back.
 “We are eating in your dining room.” He said stating the obvious which I hadn’t thought about. Ugh, this idea was really getting worse the more I thought about it.
 “Okay, but I’m telling you your outfit is fine.” He was wearing a pair of jeans and a plain white tee, yeah it was casual but it was strictly Jesse. I didn’t want him to change.
 We pulled up to his house, “Mom, Dad, Jen?” he bellowed and then waited for a response for several seconds. 
 “Upstairs.” Jen shouted. Jen and Chris were the only ones there, he knocked on Jen’s door probably just to snoop, it was nosy little brother behavior. I couldn’t help but laugh at his overprotective behavior. It was nice to know he felt that way about all girls, he unknowingly was a chivalrous knight.
“Jen?” Jesse said at her bedroom door. Jen came to the door and opened it slightly, eying him angrily and then smiling when she saw me, “I’m having dinner at Ren’s. Tell mom and dad.” He said trying to look over her head and see what was going on in her room. 
“Where are you going now?” She said with a knowing smile on her face.
 “To find something to wear, we are going to be a lot more PG than you two, believe me.” Jesse said as he took my hand and we walked into his room. I threw a wave to Jen before Jesse practically dragged me away and she just laughed
Chapter 5: This?
I had never been in Jesse’s room before. It was nice and surprisingly clean for a guy’s room. The walls were painted a dark gray and all the furniture was either black or a sleek silver. I walked over to his queen sized bed in the center of the room and sat down, “This place is huge.” I said looking around and absorbing every detail.
 “Um thanks.” Jesse said as he headed towards his walk in closet. He had a television and several game systems attached on a black shelf with games, CDs, and DVDs, surrounding them. There were two chaises by the television I only then noticed. I walked over finding it more appropriate to sit there then on his bed. “I like you better on my bed.” Jesse said with a teasing smile. He walked into his closet and came out several minutes later.  I walked away from the chaise and looked at the shirts and pants he threw across his bed.
 “I don’t know I like the blue and the green one.” I said observing his shirt choices.
 “White, black, and red are out.” he said grabbing the shirts, I nodded in agreement, he went back into his closet, “Which pants?” 
“Those or those?” I muttered looking back and forth and not really noticing a difference between the two sets of khakis in front of me. 
“I think I can take it from here.” He said apparently noticing my distress as he grabbed a pair of khakis and the green shirt and returned them to his closet. “We still have time.” He whispered as he walked towards me. He stopped in front of me, just a few inches separating us. 
“What do you think your sister is doing?” I asked suddenly feeling shy that we were alone in his room.
 “Mood killer.” He grumbled as he sat closely beside me on his surprisingly massive bed.
 “I’m sorry. Do you think they think we are doing something?” I asked trying to get rid of the unease I was feeling. 
Jesse shrugged, “I don’t know what she thinks and I really don’t want to know what she is doing.” Jesse said as he placed his tan, and rather large hands to either cheek, cupping my face, and kissed me. We kissed for a little too long but who was I to deny myself those hot kisses he gave me that radiated throughout my body, or to resist his strong arms around my waist, pulling me closer to him. 

~~~

“I think I’m converted. Making out in bed is so much better than a couch or a bench.” I said several minutes later, as Jesse laid beside me brushing his fingertips across my cheek.  
“I know what you mean.” He said, “We can do this more often.” Jesse said hopeful I’d take him up on his offer. I sat up, I was feeling uncomfortable again, a knot building in my stomach. I should have known this would lead to problems. 
 “Jess, I just think that being up here alone can lead to stuff.” I said hoping not to sound childish and failing miserably.
 “Yeah, stuff you aren’t ready for I get that, Ren, and we don’t have to go any further than we just did.” He said, placing his hands on my shoulders as he sat up beside me. I couldn’t figure out why he wasn’t annoyed with me. I felt like I was being a baby about this situation, but he kept reassuring me everything was alright, perfect even.
 “I just don’t want to lead you on when I’m not ready.” I said feeling incredibly stupid. He smiled, a wide smile that made my pulse race faster, and my cheeks burn. 
“You are most definitely not leading me on.” He said throwing an arm over my shoulder and pulling me close to him for a one armed hug. 
“Do you hate me?” I asked feeling terrible to be having this conversation again.
 “Why would I hate you?” He asked still not letting me go.
 “Because of …” I said, stopping because I really didn’t want to finish that sentence.
 “Rena, I love you and if I have to wait till we are married to do anything with you, I will be happy.” He said reassuringly. He was too good to be true sometimes and this was one of those moments. I couldn’t believe it sometimes, it felt like a fantasy that I needed to wake up from soon. I mean this is the twenty-first century. According to every television show about teenagers, everyone was having sex! So why wasn’t I? Because I’m a chicken and I’m not afraid to admit it.
 “Do you really believe that?” I asked curiously.
 “Yup, I don’t care how long you want us to wait I will still be here….waiting” He said as he fell back onto his bed. When he said the word waiting, he always knew how to lighten a situation with melodramatics. 
“You know if you were with anyone else you wouldn’t have to wait.” I said as I sank onto the bed beside him, his arm instinctively wrapping around me and pulling me closer until my head rested on his chest.
“I don’t care because I only want to be with you.” He said as he lifted my chin to place another kiss on my lips.
 “I’m going to change so we can get ready to leave.” He said as he stood up and walked towards his bathroom.
I hated this conversation between me and Jesse. It always reminded me how inexperienced I was and how experienced he was. Jesse was this popular football player that had multiple girlfriends and did not have to worry about being told no particularly from Caitlin, which I knew too well. I quickly shook that image from my thoughts. 
He was my first real boyfriend, sure I supposedly went out with Dave but the fact that it only lasted three days doesn’t really make it a relationship. How can a girl not be intimidated when that’s what she’s going up against. I loved Jesse, but was I ready to be that close to a person that knew what he was doing and would finally know how clueless I really was? That was my real fear, I guess. I hoped that he never figured out how inexperienced I was because I think I would have died of embarrassment. Literally.
Jesse walked out well dressed, of course, several minutes later. I stood up and started towards the door but stopped to look him over. His blue shirt made his ocean blue eyes stand out even more than they already did.  His eyes practically glowed like when the sun shimmered on the ocean, the beautiful island ocean water that was the only thing I could compare his eyes to. His tan skin was comparable to the warm sand. He was as refreshing as a day on the beach with just a glance. Back to what he was wearing, I thought shifting my attention back to what he was wearing. The shirt fit well stretching across his wide chest and still muscular arms. “Where are you going?” Jesse asked as he came over and kissed me gently, “I like you here.” He said barely suppressing a smile. I chuckled. 
“Well, we don’t want to be late, do we?” I said not helping but laughing at the devilish look on his face.
 “We won’t be.” He said pulling my waist towards him. He placed his perfect lips against mine, sharing a moment but I wasn’t feeling it anymore. Our talk had utterly crushed anymore romantic thoughts I had for the day.“Ren, what’s up?” He said, apparently detecting my detachment.
 “What do you mean?” I said trying to avoid his probing gaze.
 “Are you uncomfortable about what we talked about?” He said pushing my chin up so I’d have to look up at him. He knew me too well, it was nearly impossible to lie to those eyes.
 “No, why would I be uncomfortable?” I said still trying to avoid his penetrating stare. 
“That’s why you ran back into your shell when I said it.” Jesse said looking at me intently, “Rena, you don’t want to talk about it but eventually we have to. You should at least tell me where you stand.” He said sounding serious. He was being very careful with his words so he wouldn’t upset me further.
 “Like I want to wait till we are married?” I said a bit angrily.
 “If that’s what you want I’d like to know that.” Jesse said still trying to be loving and tender. I pulled away from him and sat on the bed again. Why was he pushing this? I didn’t want to have this conversation. Why didn’t he just drop it like he did before?
“Jess…I don’t want to wait to be married but I don’t know if I will be ready before that…I just don’t know if I can.” I said staring down at the dark hard wood floor around his room, avoiding his eyes at all costs.
 “Well, we can wait. You aren’t ready.” He said pulling me firmly into his arms. My face pressed to his hard chest. “What are you afraid of, seriously, because I don’t think it’s actually doing it?” I groaned, this conversation was not making me feel any better. Why didn’t it just end?
“Can we not talk about this today?” I said trying to get past him to his door. He stopped me of course.
 “I think this is the perfect time to talk about it.” Jesse said holding my waist so I couldn’t get any further than a few feet away from him.
“Well, Jess, you’ve actually done stuff I’m…” I started.
 “Yeah, I know but it’s different with you.” He said looking at me with complete seriousness etched into his expression.
 “What do you mean?” I said not really understanding what he meant. 
“Rena, I’ve known you for almost four years, you didn’t date much and I’m pretty sure you have a good idea what Cait and I were doing for two years being her best friend and all, but just remember that I love you and that nothing means as much to me as you.” He said closing the short distance between us. “I get that you are not ready and I will never push you.” Jesse finished as he pulled me towards him and kissed me softly. His one hand was still firmly holding my waist and his other, gently caressing my cheek.
 “Thanks for understanding.” I whispered barely able to catch my breath before he kissed me again but only for a short moment and then he smiled.
 “Glad, I could figure it out.” He said with a small smile. We walked towards his bedroom door and left shortly after.
We pulled up to my house, I was finally feeling better, having everything out in the open was oddly calming. I was so comfortable I told Jesse about my freaky Caitlin dream. His hypothesis was that it was my mind’s way of dealing with something I wasn’t talking about and I shouldn’t have the nightmare again. I hoped he was right.
“Mom, Dad?” I said as I walked into the house.
 “Kitchen.” I heard my mom shout. We walked into the kitchen and saw my parents setting up, next door in the dining room. It was like a small feast. Were they just expecting Jesse? 
“Wow guys, all this for him?” I said pointing to Jesse, he let out a small chuckle. 
“Very funny, this is just a nice family dinner.” My mom said trying to conceal the smile she wanted to show. 
We sat down at the table, my mother at one end and my father at the other end, Jesse and I sat beside each other. It felt so official and unlike all the dinners I was accustomed to when my parents were home. We normally just sat with takeout in front of the TV. “So what did you have to do at work today?” My mom asked as we passed around entrees. 
“It was about the college girl’s murder.” I started and I told them mostly everything I learned from the morgue, leaving out the bits about the puzzle piece and the creepy conversation Joe and I had about it afterwards.
“Well tomorrow will be interesting then if Joe is going to take you around.” My dad replied between bites.
 “No, I think today was just a onetime thing.” I added as I continued eating what my mother had made, steak fajitas, one of her specialties. 
“So Jesse,” my dad started. 
“Dad,” I said trying to interrupt.
 “How is your family?” My dad finished.
 “They are good it’s been busy at the diner lately. We’ve all been pretty much living at the diner, we are there so much.” Jesse replied happily.
 “Oh yeah, we haven’t been in a while, Becky and I will have to check it out,” my dad said as he started on a new fajita. 
“You’ll love it.” I interjected. “It’s as good as it’s always been, just better waiters.” My parents smiled and threw out several dates they would consider going to The Scoop.
“So what did you guys see at the movies last night?” My mom asked, not directing her question to either of us. 
“We saw Due date.” Jesse said starting another fajita himself. 
“Oh how was it?” she continued.
“Okay, more of a movie for Rena.” He said with a small smile. 
“It was a guy movie I swear.” I said defensively, he just laughed softly.
 “Whatever you say.” He retorted.
 “What else did you guys watch last night?” She said pressing on with the conversation, much to my disdain.
 “The Patriot,” Jesse said without a second thought.
 “Love that movie!” My dad added a little too enthusiastically. My dad isn’t normally an enthused person unless it regards his favorite movies or a case, so it was startling to see his response but not surprising.
 “Yeah, it’s one of my favorites too.” Jesse said.
 “Rena, you’ve seen that movie so many times and you couldn’t remember what it was called?” My mom asked dubiously. 
 “It was early at least I remembered it was a Mel Gibson movie.” I said trying to hide the blushing of my cheeks. 
“I guess,” my mom said ignoring my burning cheeks. “Did you enjoy it, Jesse?” my mom added turning her attention from me, thankfully.
 “Um yeah it’s one of my favorite movies.” He said nervous as to where this conversation was going, I was just as nervous. 
“When did you leave last night?” She shot back almost instantly. I could tell she was getting into interrogation mode. I hoped she snapped out of it soon before I died of embarrassment.
“Um around ten.” He said starting on his next fajita.  We talked for about twenty more minutes and then my dad suggested having dessert. 
“I’m so full.” I said leaning back into my chair. 
“What’s for dessert?” Jesse said obviously interested in the prospect.
 “Cherry pie,” my mother added, “I made it earlier today.” She continued as she stood and brought in the pie and small plates. After dessert, my parents decided they would go to their room. Suspicious, I think so, but I wasn’t going to complain.
 Chapter 6: Familiar
“Well, this is not familiar.” Jesse said mockingly as he started another movie. 
“It’s weird that they just leave.” I said looking up at the empty staircase. 
“Maybe they have a camera in the living room.” Jesse said with a chuckle.
 “No, they wouldn’t.” I said looking around for any hidden camera spaces.
 “Relax it’s a joke your parents just trust you.” Jesse said wrapping his arm around me, pulling me firmly towards his side. Wasn’t I the one saying this the night before?
“I guess.” I said snuggling closer to him. 
“But just in case we are watching Harry Potter, in case your mom asks.” Jesse added with a teasing smile.
 “Hilarious.” I said looking at Jesse’s smiling face and trying to be angry and failing miserably. 
“She’s where you get all that fight.” Jesse said, as he lightly kissed my forehead as I laid my head on his chest. 
“I guess.” Was all I replied back, feeling unconvinced.
~~~
The next morning, work was a lot busier than it had been the entire summer. I may have actually enjoyed it. If there weren’t cops going back and forth with Philly cops. I was dizzy watching the, now revolving, front door.
 Joe had to hold a meeting with a couple of top guys in the Philly Police Department that I luckily got to sit in on first thing that morning to talk about the newly dubbed Sorority Killer. That was probably the best part of the day. Everyone discussed the bodies they had found and how they linked together. All three girls had different puzzle pieces drawn onto their necks, but no one knew why. The girls were all similar looking and all went to school in Philadelphia where they were sorority members. Get it… sorority killer? But after that all the similarities ended. I didn’t see why there needed to be more; except what made them so special that a serial killer killed them?
 After sitting in on the meeting I had to start answering phones again, people were going berserk. There were dozens of ludicrous anonymous calls. I left a little late but Jesse didn’t seem to mind since he usually made me wait, anyways. 
I walked into The Scoop as I always did, Jesse was still running around with orders. They seemed to really get good business in the summer. I sat at the counter, and saw Jesse wiz by me. He stopped a few moments later, as he brought me a diet coke. “Hi,” I said, “Busy day?” 
 “You have no idea, you?” he said simply, as he eyed a finished order sitting in the kitchen window.
“It’s insane over there, too.” I said throwing a glance at the police station next door. “When are you done?” I asked.
“Half hour?” He asked and I shrugged in response and settled into my stool, “You’re amazing.” Jesse said as he kissed me quickly and grabbed the ready order and bolted. I watched him for a little but that got old quickly. I had spent many school days when we weren’t together watching him. I was finally getting tired of it. 
Missy walked over to me then, “Want another diet coke?” She asked a smile on her pretty face. 
“Thanks I’m good, Missy” I said as I smiled back at her. 
 “Okay” she said sounding exhausted too and walked to another set of customers sitting close by. 
“All finished.” Jesse said as he came around the counter again, a grin plastered on his face.
 “Good, I think my butt is going numb sitting here.” I said with a teasing smile.
 “Well, we can fix that.” Jesse replied as he started to grab his stuff to leave. “Want to hang out at my house today?” Jesse hinted as we walked outside to his car. 
“I guess we don’t have anything else planned.” I added with a shrug as we got into Jesse’s black Toyota Corolla.
 “What do you want to watch?” Jesse asked as we sat in his family room nestled close together.
 “Let’s channel surf.” I said simply. I had no clue what was on at five besides the news, which was a permanent fixture at this hour in my house.
 “Whatever you want.” Jesse said as he started flipping through channels. It really was pointless to have so many channels and not have anything to watch. That was until the news came on, my regularly scheduled programming.
 “Turn it back.” I said as I saw the headline, “There was another body.” I said falling back into my seat, “Geez, this is starting to really sound like a serial killer.” I said already absorbing what the news anchor was describing. Another body was found in one of the local parks here in Walterville.
  “It appears there may be a link between this murder and the last body found in Walterville just this weekend. Police believe the two murders are related and there may be more that have not been linked by police. There is no description available for this assailant but it is believed to be the work of a serial killer from Philadelphia dubbed, the Sorority Killer. The last body has not yet been identified, however she appears to be the same age and body type of the last three victims, related to the Sorority Killer.”
 “Holy shit! There really is a serial killer.” I said in disbelief.
 “It’s crazy. Do you think he came from Philly or he’s from Walterville?” Jesse asked as a joke but that was one of the worse thoughts he could have possibly had. Fear actually gripped me.
 “That’s not funny.” I said giving him a nasty look while mentally trying to calm myself down. People in Walterville would have noticed someone like this sooner, this was a small town.
 “Look, Ren, at least the police are taking care of it.” Jesse said making a lot of sense, but still not reassuring me or calming the growing apprehension I felt about this guy hitting so close to home.
 “Yeah, but…” I said trying to vocalize how I was feeling and failing.
 “No.” he said firmly not wanting to hear the outlandish scheme he thought I was devising.
 “You don’t even know what I’m going to ask.” I said defensively.
 “You think you should start researching it and help.” He said matter-of-factly.
 “I could help if I had to.” I replied evenly. “But--”
 “You do help by helping Joe.” Jesse said in complete seriousness. 
 “But…” I started to disagree but was quickly shut down again.
 “No.” Jesse said firmly.
 “Jess.” I said frustrated.
 “No, Rena, this isn’t some inexperienced high school students this is a serial killer. Leave it alone.” He said still keeping that rigid tone with me. This was frustrating I didn’t even plan to snoop but now that he brought it up, it was sounding practical. Okay not practical, but I could help without having to go face to face with the guy. I’d work behind the scenes now that Joe was always so close. 
  “Jess, I wouldn’t even have to do anything, really. I could ask around maybe ask Jen and Chris some questions about what they heard.” I said, trying to show him how indirect I could be. I didn’t understand how I had went from frightened to proving to Jesse that I wasn’t just some high school student and could handle a legitimate case. Here I was, doing it. I guess that is what anger will do to a girl like me.
 “Why don’t you tell Joe to do that?” Jesse said starting to surf through channels again, only a little more agitated, judging from how he was pressing the remote buttons.
“Jesse,” I said irritably. He was so frustrating sometimes. It was a good idea and Joe would get so much credit if I helped. 
“Rena, I’m serious, leave it alone you are not a detective or a cop, this guy whoever he is, is really dangerous.” Jesse said the annoyance emerging in his voice.
 “Everything okay?” Chris said from behind us, making me jump from his quiet entrance. Was the dude a ninja? Sneaking up on people like that?
 “Yeah, everything is fine, didn’t hear you come in.” I said as I told him to come sit down with us and watch TV.
 “Just sounded like you guys were arguing over something.” Chris said coolly, while taking a moment to observe our expressions. Odd? I think so. 
 “No, nothing she’s just really stubborn.” Jesse said as he stopped changing channels and finally found something he was interested in watching.
“Chris, did you hear there was another murder down in the park today.” I said ignoring Jesse’s verbal jab at me moments earlier.
 “No actually…is that normal here?” Chris asked inquiringly.
 “No, murders are rare in a small place like this.” I said in response and he seemed to look relieved when I said that.
 “What are they saying about it? There were two right?” Chris said next and completely confused me for a moment. I thought he didn’t hear about it until we told him? I shrugged it off he had to have heard something while in Philly. It was probably a very big story.
  “Yeah, they are saying it’s this serial killer from Philadelphia.” I said appreciative that someone wanted to hear me out on this because my boyfriend was certainly not interested.  
“Serial Killer?” Chris said the worry in his voice said he hadn’t even known about anything in Philly. 
“Yeah, they called him the Sorority Killer.” I added trying to inform Chris about everything he had missed. He did not look happy to know there was someone hunting down college girls, where he was going to school. 
“Downtown and I didn’t even know?” he added incredulously, he looked like he couldn’t even believe it. It was really ludicrous actually, “Does Jen know?” Chris asked. I couldn’t help but approve of how cute it was that he was worried about his girlfriend. “I think I should tell her to not go anywhere alone and stuff.” Chris said nervously leaving the room a few moments later.
“He seems to really care about your sister.” I said hoping Jesse would get over his exasperation with me and cuddle closer to me again. 
“Yeah, and if you care about me at all, Ren, you will give up this suicide mission.” He said evenly, I sighed loudly. Was this really worth a fight?
 “What happened to the guy that followed along with my wacky schemes to catch the bad guy?” I said wistfully, reminiscing about how we bonded trying to solve the Fillmore case, only a few months earlier. 
“First of all you never made any crazy schemes, they always found us and second of all this is you looking for trouble that you cannot handle.” Jesse said his tone neutral, no hint of the frustration he was feeling showing in his tone or expression.
 I guess he was right, “Fine it’s dropped.” I said, feeling upset all over again.
 “If you really think the cops need help ask your parents.” He replied back ignoring my animosity. I looked at him, a smile across my face. That was one of the single most brilliant things Jesse had ever said to me.
 “That’s a great idea, I knew there was a reason I loved you.” I said as I snuggled close to him. 
“So you are going to talk to your parents? And leave it alone?” He asked not really convinced with my rapid change of heart.
“Yup and I’m not going to touch the case unless I’m at work or helping them.” I said hoping he would see how genuine I was trying to be. I was going to keep my word, at least I was going to try and keep my word.  
~~~
The rest of the night was uneventful. Actually, the next few days were uneventful. Thursday morning sitting at work, the Sorority killer case was starting to cool down since they still couldn’t identify the last girl, but she was definitely one of his victims having the same puzzle piece on the back of her neck as the other girls. The puzzle piece was something no one knew about unless they were working the case. My parents didn’t even know about it and I had been telling them a lot to convince them to offer their services to Joe. They refused saying Joe had it under control, I wasn’t that convinced but I said I wouldn’t touch it, so I didn’t.  
I was back on phone duty, and it was nowhere near as exciting as the past few days were when the Philly PD was here. “Walterville Police, how may I help you?” I said in the most professional voice I could muster.
 “Rena?” said a familiar voice.
 “Jen?” I asked surprised.
“Rena, I know the girl.” She choked out her voice was shaky and hoarse, most likely from crying. 
 “What girl?” I asked worried about her.
“I saw a sketch on the news. I know the last victim of that killer guy.” She sobbed into the phone. 
 “Jen, would you be willing to identify the body?” I said trying to motion for Joe to come over to my desk, or any cop for that matter.
 “I can be there in five minutes.” She sniffled. 
 “Okay.” I said as I hung up. I ran to Joe’s office as soon as the phone was down. “I think we have an I.D. on the last body.” I said panting at his door frame. He looked at me for a moment probably to gage whether I was joking or not. “I’m serious, Jen Harris is on her way here.”
 “Jen Harris?” He asked. 
“She called and said she recognized the sketch on the television and she is willing to I.D. the body.” I said walking into his office and taking a seat. 
 “Did you get a name?” Joe said excitedly as he jumped up from his desk. 
“No, I just told her to get here.” I said leaning into the uncomfortable vinyl covered chair. 
 “Well I guess I’m going to the morgue, are you coming?” He asked walking out his office door.
“Me? Can I?” I asked surprised, jumping out of the chair I had just plopped into.
 “You can go as my assistant or the moral support Jen may need if she knows the victim.” Joe said as he started towards the police desks in the station.
 “I’ll go.” I said hoping he wouldn’t change his mind.
 “Good, go get Dundy and Liu, for legal reasons we need three cops present.”
 “Yes, sir.” I said as I scrambled off to find the two detectives.
 
 Chapter 7: I know her
Jen arrived shortly after. She looked like a frightened kitten, with big red round eyes obviously from crying, “Jen,” I said as I walked towards her. She was with Chris, he probably drove from the look of Jen, she shouldn’t have been driving. Joe saw her too and was on his way towards her. I went to grab cups of coffee for her and Chris as Joe showed her the picture again and she gave him a name.
 “Liz Ardmore,” was the new victim’s name. 
“We will need you to go to the morgue to make sure it is her, if you don’t mind?” Joe said trying to be as delicate as a police officer could be, which isn’t much. 
“No problem. You know ever since I saw the sketch I’ve been calling her and nothing and she hasn’t texted me for weeks which is not like her.” Jen said the tears starting to roll down her red blotched cheeks again, “I should have known something was wrong.” She said and the sobs started again, it was too painful to watch. 
We pulled up to the morgue and followed Lt. Vasquez to Dr. Cummings’ office. He told him why he was here and Jen, Joe, Dundy, Liu and, and I went into the actual morgue while Chris waited outside in the lobby. “This is Jane Doe, does your friend have any specific characteristics so we know for sure it is her.” Dr. Cummings said his attention completely focused on Jen.
 Jen nodded, “She has three holes in each ear, a belly and nose piercing, and she also has a beauty mark on her palm.” Jen said starting to cry again. Dr. Cummings pulled open the slab with Liz’s body. He examined her ears, nose, and belly, than as if to keep us in suspense, he checked her palm. It was Liz Ardmore.
 “It looks to be that you are correct, Miss. Harris.” Dr. Cummings said showing the cops her palm, I took a few pictures and we were done just like that. Jen never stopped crying after she knew it was Liz.
 “I should call her parents.” She choked out as we walked to where Chris was waiting for us.
 “Maybe I should.” I said trying to console her knowing it was futile. 
 “No, I should tell them.” Jen said sounding a little better. Joe came up behind me and scared the ever living out of me.
“Ms. Harris, would you mind if we asked you a few questions about Ms. Ardmore and if possible can we have her parents’ phone number.”
 She nodded, “No problem, what do you want to know?” She tried to say only it was hard to make out her words between the sobs. It sounded something like, no…sob… prob…sob…lem…wha…what…sob..ddo…you…sob….wa…want…to…sob…know. 
“Did Miss Ardmore attend school with you?” He started, his professional cop persona taking over completely.  
“Yeah, we were going to be juniors. She was twenty if that was your next question.” She said looking up at him, her sobs had subsided and she was easier to understand.
 “Okay, were there any boyfriends or enemies Liz may have had?” he continued.
“No, Liz was a great girl…no boyfriends she enjoyed her singleness too much to have a boyfriend and she was well liked.” She said her voice not as choked anymore either, just raspy from all the crying she had been doing today.
 “Any guys she was well acquainted with?” he probed.
She shook her head, “Um there were a few she kept in touch with… I don’t know their full names…but there was Dennis, he was in a frat I don’t remember which, there was Ricky, I don’t know much about him, Brian, was a guy that lived in our apartment building. There was someone else but I never caught his name or met him for that matter.” Jen said still trying to focus on the last boy’s name. “Anything else?” She asked, the tears had finally stopped completely. “Here’s the number.” She added as she stood up to leave holding out a piece of paper to Lt. Vasquez.
 “Actually one more.” Joe said as he walked towards her. “Do you know any of the other girls from the other murders?”
 “I’m not sure. Do you have their names?” Jen said turning to face Joe again.
 “Sure there was Liz, Fiona Wilks, Ashley Regan, and Sarah Martin.” Joe rattled off for her. 
Jen’s face crumbled again, as she collapsed onto the bench inside the lobby of the morgue. “I knew them all…we were all in the same sorority but…but Ashley and Fiona went to Drexel.” Jen was fighting the tears this time. “So, do you think it is someone we all know?” Jen asked her face a mask of inner turmoil and regret.
 “It could be he or she may also have strong ties to the sorority.” Joe amended, hoping to ease her mind.
 “Do you have any more questions, Lt. Vasquez? I’d really like to go home.” She said in a voice that was no louder than a whisper.
“Go home.” Joe advised. I walked her and Chris outside but decided it would be best to go back to work. “Well, she was helpful.” Joe said as we got into the patrol car.
 “That’s it? Joe, she’s in trouble.” He looked at me with a bemused expression on his face.
 “Everyone around her is dying and this guy is in Walterville, what if he is after her?” I said actually shaken myself by what we had just learned.
“I don’t think so.” He said calmly.
 “Why not?” I practically shouted in disbelief.
“I think that just might be coincidence.” He said with a shrug.
 “That she knew every victim? That she happens to be in Walterville, where the murderer has mysteriously moved? That’s too many coincidences, Joe.” I said trying to calm myself down and remain thinking rationally.
“Actually, that makes her sound like a suspect.” Joe said eyeing my reaction.
 “Are you serious? She was distraught…and she couldn’t have done it.” I said growing more upset despite my best efforts.
 “And why is that?” He said with a knowing smile, he was having me figure out his crime, I couldn’t believe it.
 “She’s been in town all summer.” I said breathing roughly, from my increasing heart rate and corresponding frustration.
 “So she’s innocent. What about that guy she was with is he from around here?” he asked innocently.
 “Chris? He’s from school with her he’s only been here a week.” I gasped as I said the last part, “You don’t think?” I said trying to shake the image of Chris killing Liz out of my head. My imagination was on overdrive, with just the suggestion.
 “He couldn’t. How would he have gotten Liz if he’s been here that whole time?” I asked curiously.
 “Then he seems innocent.” Joe said quickly, “But he seems a lot more suspicious than Jen…I think I will put that protective detail on her now.” Joe finished with a proud look on his aging features, as we pulled up to the police station. 
“Thanks,” I said as I went into the building to quickly grab my purse and leave. 
“Jess, we really need to go.” I said as he told me to wait a half hour again.
 “What’s the hurry?” He asked while grabbing an order.
 “I just want to check on your sister.” He looked at me oddly, not buying what I was saying, even thought it was mostly the truth.
 “Is she okay?” He said, a flash of worry crossing his face for just an instant.
 “She’s fine but she identified the Jane Doe today and she was taking it really hard.” I said trying to whisper and sound urgent to further pressure him to leave, it wasn’t convincing. 
“Chris is with her and I can’t rush I have customers, Ren.” I sighed and stared at my half empty drink. 
“Go.” I said rather disappointed. Honestly, I wasn’t that worried about Jen and how she was feeling. I was worried that she was dating a serial killer, but I couldn’t tell Jesse that here.  What the hell was I planning on doing any way, confronting him? He didn’t look like the murdering type but neither did most killers. Ted Bundy was charismatic and attractive, yet he was a serial killer, a really sick one at that. As you can tell I wasn’t making myself feel better about Chris, but Jesse did finish earlier than he said he would much to my relief.
~~~
“Thank, god” I said as we pulled up to Jesse’s house. 
“Rena, you can’t go in there accusing Chris of anything.” Jesse said, making his frustration and disapproval clear. 
 “But Jess it’s him.” I said still trying to convince him.
 “No, Ren, it’s suspicious but he’s innocent until proven guilty.”
 I sighed, “Seriously?” I wished I never told Jesse on the car ride about my theory.
 “Do you want me to take you home instead?” Jesse said sensing my aggravation.
 “What’s the point of being here?” I said a bit too harshly.
 “Thanks, Ren, it’s nice to know you care.” Jesse said angrily as he pulled out of his driveway.
 “You know I didn’t mean it like that.” I said wanting to kick myself for making such an idiotic statement.
 “That’s not how it sounded.” He threw back angrily. 
“Jess, I’m just worried about you guys, you are housing a serial killer.”
 “You have no proof, Rena, why do you have to be like this?” He shouted as he slammed a hand on the steering wheel.
 “I’m sorry, it’s just…” I said not really finding my voice. 
  “No, Rena, drop it.” He said noticeably still upset.
 “But...” 
 “Rena.” He all but growled.
 “Jess, can you at least…”
 “Drop it!” he said his voice teeming with irritation. 
I tried to blink back the tears in my eyes but it wasn’t working, “I’m done, I’m sorry.” I said as I looked out the window trying to hide my now flowing tears from him.
 “Aw Rena, I didn’t mean to yell.” He said his voice softening dramatically, “But you can’t go accusing people of murder like what you were planning to do to Chris.”
 “I get it.” I whispered, hoping he wouldn’t hear the hoarseness in my voice.
 “I understand that you think he’s guilty but don’t persecute the guy you have no actual proof he did it.” 
 “Will you believe me if I get proof?” I said turning to face him forgetting about my tear soaked cheeks. 
He looked at me for a moment, “I’m such a dick.” He said turning to face the road again. His face hardened into a stoic mask.
 “Why?” 
“You’re crying, I didn’t want to make you cry.” He said that soft, soothing tone returning. 
 “It’s not your fault.” I said quickly drying my cheeks.
 “Yeah, if I didn’t yell at you, you wouldn’t have cried.” He said with a grim look. 
“Jess, I’m just frustrated, that’s all. It’s not just you, it’s everything, this whole thing has had me a mess.” I said feeling the tears well up again. I really wasn’t crying because he yelled at me, I felt bad for making him so angry. Why couldn’t I just listen. Why was I so damn stubborn.
He parked in front of my house, “I don’t want us to leave it like this.” Jesse said turning to face me, “Rena, I love you and this is a dangerous accusation you are making. If he is the serial killer; he is going to come after you like Cait did but he’s going to be able to do what Cait couldn’t, he’s experienced. If Chris didn’t do it and you accuse him of it you are going to ruin his life.” Jesse said evenly facing me.
 “I understand, I’ll drop it for now.” I said, trying to take his serious words to heart, he was right, after all.
“For now?” he asked, a trace of irritation in his eyes.
“If I find proof, Jesse…” I said firmly. I don’t know why I felt so strongly it was Chris but every fiber in my body told me I was right. Weren’t detectives supposed to follow their instincts?
 “You will give it to the cops, please don’t get involved in this.” Jesse said touching my waterlogged cheek. 
“Why not?” I said annoyed that he wasn’t being as supportive as he was before.
 “Because I love you, I don’t want to see you hurt again.” His words were so sweet and genuine, I had to take them to heart.
 “Okay,” I choked out. He made me cry again.
“Don’t cry,” he said wiping the tears from both my cheeks with his thumbs. 
“I get it, I don’t want you to get hurt, either.” I said, even though my voice was shaky. 
“I’m glad you see where I’m coming from, Ren.” Jesse said as he kissed me softly, sweetly, lovingly.


 Chapter 8: Hurt
 I walked into the house happy no one was home, I needed to be alone today. I just wanted to think and stop crying. I don’t know why I wanted to be involved in this case so badly, but I wanted in. I was going to fight it now, but that damn detective gene was vicious. My curiosity had exponentially increased when I figured out the Filmore murders. I guess I was going to be just like my parents whether I wanted to or not, I couldn’t fight the curiosity anymore. 
I tried to keep myself busy but I couldn’t after an hour of chores, I sat at my computer and googled Chris’s name. Guess what I found? A whole lot of nothing, the boy didn’t even have a Facebook. I couldn’t find anything on the guy it was so disappointing. 
My parents arrived home a little after seven and were surprised to see me alone. “Where’s Jesse?” My mom asked worry was obvious in her voice.
 “I just needed to do some chores and stuff.” I said finishing on my laptop.
 “Rena,” my mom said knowing I wasn’t saying something. 
“So there was a break in the case today.” I said exhausted from the emotional roller coaster my curiosity had put me through. 
“Oh, Joe said that Jen Harris identified the last body and knew all the other victims.” My dad added. 
“Yeah, well I’m just worried that Jen is next.” I said trying to hide the shakiness of my voice. 
“He said you were worried, he put a protective detail on her, she will be fine.”
 I looked at him, “You guys really talk.” I said.
 “Well, he also wanted to get my opinion on this Chris kid.” Dad added as he sat on the sofa beside me. 
“What are you looking at?” My dad asked as I closed the computer. 
“Nothing just Facebook. Do you think he did it?” I asked, my dad just shrugged in response.
 “It’s pretty circumstantial they may have to wait for the killer to strike again to be sure.”  I nodded, and walked to my room. I sat awake until two in the morning reading articles on the murders; I really was obsessed, for no reason, besides my building curiosity. I fell asleep, and it was terrible. I tossed and turned not being able to ignore the terrible images my overly active imagination made of the murders. 
“You look like hell.” Jesse said when he picked me up that morning.
 “I feel like hell.” I said groggily.
 “What’s wrong?”
 “I couldn’t sleep.” 
“Nightmares again?” He asked worriedly.
 I looked at him, “Actually it was a new nightmare.”
 “The sorority killer?” 
I nodded, “How did you know that?” I asked confused.
 “Ren, I know you and you are not letting up on this case until it’s solved much to my disappointment.” 
“I think I need to tell Joe that I don’t want to be involved in this case anymore.”
 “You don’t want to do that.” Jesse said showing some sympathy to my worries.
 “I’m obsessing and I need to stop. You’re right I could get hurt or worse killed. I’d like to graduate from high school before anything like that happens.” I said, ignoring the small smile on Jesse’s face. “That is not funny.” I said defensively.
 “You just want to make it past high school?” He said his smile still present.
 “Shut up.” I said giving him a light shove.  
We pulled up to the front of the Police station and I started heading over to work. “Good morning.” Susan said as she saw me walk to my desk beside hers. “What happened to you?” she said a little taken back by the exhaustion apparently written all over my face. 
“Couldn’t sleep, geez do I look that bad?” I asked pulling out a compact.
 “No, you are just always so bright and cheery, it’s surprising when you are not.” She said reassuringly.
 “Thanks.” I said not sure if I should be offended or not.  The day dragged on a little slowly between no new information on the Sorority Killer and nothing but an attempted shoplifting at the local Walgreens happened this beautiful Thursday. I shifted my mind to menial tasks like organizing and updating files. Exhausted I went to The Scoop after work and ordered a Root Beer Float, I needed the sugar. 
“Rena?” Whitney said as she sat beside me at the front counter.
 “Hey Whit, what brings you here?” I asked turning to face her.
 “Oh I’m just waiting for Dave.” She sighed softly when she said Dave’s name, she really had it bad for him. It was beyond adorable. “Can I ask you something, Ren?” Whit said after her diet coke arrived courtesy of some random waiter. 
“Sure, shoot.” I said as I started gulping too quickly on my drink and felt a brain freeze. I tried to shake it off and listen to Whitney. 
“Well I just…you’re Dave’s best friend… I was wondering if …” she stopped and looked down at her drink.
 “What is it?” I asked hoping to sound like a reassuring and caring friend. 
“I just think there might be someone else…has he mentioned anyone?” Whitney said in all seriousness. I looked at her in disbelief. Dave seeing someone else? There was no way that was possible. 
“Um… he hasn’t mentioned anything…he really likes you, Whit. Did something happen to make you worry?” I asked actually tuning to face her again. Her eyebrows were scrunched together in thought she had a scowl that made her usually sweet face seemed lost.
“No, not exactly, but it’s just a feeling.” She said avoiding my gaze now.
 “Well, maybe you should…” but I was cut off when I saw Dave enter the diner and walk towards us. 
“Hey, Dave.” I said as he sat down beside Whitney. “What’s up?” I said as I pushed my empty cup away from me. 
“Good, stranger, too busy to call me anymore?” He added with a smirk. He kissed Whitney on the cheek and I tried to give them some time for hellos. That’s when I noticed I hadn’t seen Jesse yet. I looked around and didn’t see him anywhere. “Where’s Jess?” Dave asked almost reading my mind.
 “I don’t know, I haven’t seen him yet.” I said pulling out my cell phone, to text him. Just as I was about to hit send Jesse walked out of the kitchen with a tray of drinks.
 “Two root beer floats and a diet coke.” Jesse said as he stood before us placing the drinks. 
“Where were you?” I asked relieved to have another float.
 “Working in the kitchen today, but I’m done now.” Jesse said as he sat beside me, “So what’s the meeting for?” Jesse asked as he noticed Dave and Whitney. 
“Just a random meeting…me and Whit were talking about….”
 “About this crazy murderer.” Whitney said hoping to save me but only further stressing my relationship with Jesse. 
“Yeah.” I murmured and looked over at my drink. Jesse was drinking it, quickly too. “Hey I thought that was mine?” I said trying to sound angry.
 “You weren’t drinking fast enough, babe.” He said as he kissed my cheek and let go of my float. 
“So what are your plans today, guys?” I asked turning to continue my conversation with Dave and Whitney. 
“Well today is our three month anniversary, we were going to catch a movie and dinner at the mall.” Dave said as he stood up with Whitney. Dave placed a tip on the counter since Jesse never made us pay now, it was sort of frustrating. “We have to go if we want to make our movie,” Dave continued. We said our goodbyes and then it was just me and Jesse.
“What do you want to do tonight?” Jesse asked as he finished off my root beer float.
 “I don’t care…but I know you don’t trust me at your house.” I said pointedly.
 Jesse eyed me, “Were you really talking about the killer to Whitney?”
 “No, we were talking about Dave actually…I knew you were angry about that.”
 “I’m not angry.” Jesse said trying to sound normal. 
“You are.” I finished. 
“What did she ask about Dave?” He said blatantly changing the topic.
 “It’s weird…she thinks Dave might be cheating on her.” I said still in disbelief.
 “Dave? Yeah, right.” Jesse said moving behind the counter to clean our mess.  
“He has before but I really think he’s into Whitney.” I said trying to figure it out. 
Jesse eyed me for a second, “Do you think he is?” He asked.
 “No, but I think I’m going to call him tonight and make sure.”
 “Ren, I don’t know if you should get in between them.”
 “Jess, it’s the same thing when I was with Dave, she doesn’t have a Jesse to warn her.” 
“So you are going to make sure she doesn’t get her heart broken.” He asked a teasing expression on his face.
 “Exactly.” I said as I stood and walked to Jesse’s car with him. 
“How about my house, today? My parents won’t be home until eight they told us to order pizza tonight.”
 “If you trust me to be in your house.” I added, still slightly resentful of how protective Jesse was being about Chris. He didn’t even know this guy. 
“As long as you behave.” Jesse said with a smile as he started driving towards his house.
 “Honest I will. Work is done.” I said trying to believe the words I was saying. 
We pulled up in front of Jesse’s house and walked in it was oddly quiet, or I was really paranoid. “Jen, Chris, you home?” Jesse yelled as he started up the staircase.
 There was no response, “Maybe they left?” I said as Jesse came back down the stairs.
 “Let me check the garage.” Jesse said as he opened a door before the dining room. “Yeah, they’re gone, wonder where?” Jesse said as he pulled out his phone, “Let me text her and then we can do whatever.” Jesse said as he punched in keys on his phone.
 “What now? Family room…my room…your choice.” Jesse said with a wicked smile across his face. 
“Oh, you are loving this.” I said as Jesse pulled me towards him.
 “Time is ticking, what is it going to be?” Jesse said as he began to brush kisses down my neck. This was not fair, how can anyone say no to that?
 “You are not making this easy.” I muttered, as I pushed him towards the staircase. 
“Thank, god.” Jesse said as he raced up the stairs. He pulled me into his room.
 “Jess, you forgive me right?” I said trying to verify whether he had forgotten about yesterday or was just being a horny teenage boy.
 “Not now, Ren.” Jesse muttered as he pulled me towards his bed. There was my answer, horny teenage boy. 
“Jess,” I said firmly as I pulled away from him, he groaned.
 “Do you like when we fight or something?” He snapped angrily.
“No, I just want to make sure you understand I’m doing what you asked me to do. It’s taking all my might to not snoop and it’s because I love you.” I said focusing on Jesse’s face, preparing myself for an unhappy reaction.

 Chapter 9: Suspicious
 He just sighed, “Rena, I love you too…thank you.” He said as he pulled me into his arms but only for a hug. “Do you want to look around before they get back?” Jesse said as he started for the door. 
I couldn’t help but be excited, “Can we?” I said with a smile as I walked with him out of his room.
“They won’t be back for another hour or so. They went to the movies.” Jesse said as he read the text message I assumed was from his sister. 
“Does your sister lock her door?” I asked as I walked towards her room.
 “I think you might find more in the guest room.” Jesse said as he pulled me in the other direction. 
“Okay,” I said quickly following behind him. He opened the door cautiously.
 “Chris?” Jesse said before we went inside.
“He’s not here, I thought.” I said as I looked at him confused.
 “He isn’t but you never know if they come home or something.” Jesse said with a shrug as he walked into the room. Chris’s standard black suitcase was on top of a large comfy armchair. Clothes were thrown around the room. Jesse and I separated and started looking around the room. First, we looked through his suitcase and found nothing incriminating. “I’m going to check his bathroom.” Jesse said as he walked through another door. 
I walked to the desk where Chris’s laptop was placed. I opened the computer praying there were no passwords. To my dismay it was password protected and I couldn’t crack it. I tried everything. I tried his name, Jen’s name, I tried it backwards, I tried birthdays and anything else he mentioned when I talked to him, but I couldn’t crack it and I wasn’t lucky enough for Chris to have a hint. I stared at his locked computer screen willing myself to think of something effective. “Find anything?” Jesse asked as he walked back into the room, towards me.
 “No, I can’t unlock his computer.” I said frustrated.
 “What did you try?” Jesse said as he looked at the screen from behind me. I rattled off the list of passwords I tried, and that’s when it hit me... puzzles. The Sorority Killer, if it was him, has an obsession with puzzles. 
“One more.” I said as I typed in my last option.  Guess what happened next?
It opened, “You opened it. What did you type in?”
 “Puzzle.”
 “Puzzle?” Jesse said sounding confused.
 “It’s him I’m positive.” I said looking at the desktop. It was a picture of Chris and Jen, hugging. Under different circumstances, this would have made me like the guy a lot more, now I was just praying I didn’t confront him when he came back with Jen.
“Where did you get puzzle from?” Jesse asked again.
 I turned around, “You can’t tell anyone about this Jess…but the police aren’t releasing this fact.” 
“Okay, what is it?” He said shifting to meet my eyes.
 “All the victims have a puzzle piece drawn on the back of their necks.”
 “So only something like that would be important to the Sorority Killer?” Jesse replied. I nodded. “Oh shit!” Jesse said as he sat on the edge of the bed trying to absorb this new information. 
“Do you know how much time we have left?” I asked.
 “No, I can find out.” Jesse said as he pulled out his phone to text his sister. “I’ll tell her we want to order pizza and if she will be home soon so we can wait for her.”
 “Okay,” I said as I started shifting through files and histories on Chris’s computer.
 “Half hour,” Jesse said as he stood behind me again and watched the computer over my shoulder. 
“There’s nothing here.” I said frustrated, “All his internet histories, recycle bin, all empty. No pictures, and no journals.”
 “I think we’re done.” Jesse said as he logged off the laptop and pulled me to my feet. There was nothing in there, I couldn’t believe it.  I turned around to make sure everything was as we left it and then we walked out closing the door behind us. “So do you still think it’s him?” Jess asked as we walked back into his room. I fell onto his bed.
 “I have no clue…but that password is a serious red flag.”
 “I don’t know, maybe he just like’s puzzles or something?” Jesse said as he sat beside me on his bed. 
“I guess. I really don’t know anymore…I was sure we would find something.” I said still feeling disgruntled about the lack of evidence we found.
 “There was nothing in his luggage, bathroom, or computer, the guy’s clean; can we drop this now?” Jesse said pulling me closer to him. This time I didn’t fight, he was right, and I needed a distraction to get my mind off how wrong I was. 
“I guess we can kiss till your sister gets home.” I said coyly as I moved closer to him.
 “Who said I wanted to kiss you?” Jesse said with a wide smile came across his face as he brushed the long strands of hair away from my face.
 “You do, I know it.” I said not helping it but smiling back. He pulled me into his arms and kissed me gently and I felt like I could float away at that moment. Nothing else mattered but Jesse’s lips on mine. Nothing could ever trump the emotions that swelled my heart when we were together. His arms wrapped around me, pulling me closer towards him. Jesse’s hands moved from my waist under my shirt. He was not moving towards my bra just rubbing my back and stomach, it felt amazing. His warm hands touching my skin. He started kissing my mouth again, his kisses deeper and longer. At that moment I considered maybe I could get past Jesse’s past. “I love you.” He whispered as he started kissing my neck.
 “I love you too.” I said and then I heard the door slam close. 
“Damn,” Jesse said as he sat up. “It’s Jen.” 
 “Are you sure?” I said sitting up and readjusting my spaghetti straps.
 “Yeah.” 
“Let’s just order the pizza and then we can come back up here.” Jesse said still not moving away from me. He smiled, kissed me again, and stood up, to walk to his door.
 “Hey Jen.” Jesse yelled down the staircase as we came downstairs.
“Hey lovebirds, you know if you keep sneaking off to your room I just might have to tell mom.” Jen said with a teasing smirk.
 “Yeah, okay.” Jesse started. “Don’t forget Jen that I know what you are doing is so much worse.” Jesse retorted not too nicely as he grabbed the pizza menu and walked over to me. “What would you like?”
 “Anything is fine with me, pick whatever.” I said as I walked into the family room.
 “Pizza, okay?” Jesse said following me into the room. 
“Sure anything you guys want.” I said as I turned on the television. 
Jen ordered and Jess came in to “watch TV” with me. “Forty minutes,” Jesse said as he leaned in close and started kissing my neck.
 “Jess.” I said trying to shift away from his eager mouth.
 “What?” he said softly, still kissing me.
 “Your sister is in the next room.”
 “And?”
 “It’s weird.” 
“It wasn’t weird a couple days ago.”
 “Jess, we were in your bedroom and she was in hers.” 
He stopped kissing me, “Fine I’m done…just tell me what you want me to do, master.” Jesse said bowing his head towards me.
 “Thanks, Jess.” I said ignoring his childish remark.
 “You know I’m kidding.” He said as he threw his arm over my shoulder and grabbed the remote from my hand. 

~~~
“What do you mean, you are not sure? I know you were there.” I heard Jen say from upstairs. 
“Did you hear that?” I asked Jesse as he was paying for the pizza.
 “People fight.” Jesse said as he started walking towards the kitchen, “Jen, pizza is here.” Jess shouted as he walked into the kitchen. I quickly followed. It was seven thirty and all I had in the last seven hours was a root beer float. Jesse pulled out a couple of paper plates and plastic cups for the soda. Jen walked downstairs, her face stressed. It looked like she had been crying but her eyes weren’t red.
 “You okay, Jen?” I asked as she sat beside me. 
“Yeah…don’t I look fine?” Jen said looking at me strangely. She dropped her gaze when Chris came into the room.  That was weird to say the least. 
Chris sat down across from Jen and he looked at her but remained quiet. It was an awkward silence that neither Jesse nor I were enjoying, “So what movie did you see?” Jesse asked hoping to spark a conversation.
 “Black Swan,” Jen muttered as she picked at her pizza.
 “What did you think?” I asked.
 “It was okay…I thought it would be more about ballet.” Jen remarked.
 “It was more thriller than anything, really freaky though.” Chris added. 
“I guess we shouldn’t see it then.” I said talking to Jesse.
 “It wasn’t bad, just not what I expected.” Jen said regaining her composure, her voice was more than a whisper. We talked a little longer but all I noticed was how Chris and Jen were not talking to each other. What happened?
Jesse drove me home after dinner, “What do you think they are arguing about?” I asked as he started reversing out of his driveway. 
“I don’t know.” Jesse replied curtly as he turned onto his street.
 “What do you think it was? Is it about them? Do you think Jen found something suspicious?” 
“Ren, listen to yourself.” Jesse said as he made another turn. “ Ugh, I don’t know but I guess I can listen out for anything interesting.” Jesse continued. 
“Why are you helping me all of a sudden?” I asked with well placed suspicion. 
 “Well, after checking Chris’s computer…I think you might be right.” 
“But, why did you let me go into his room?”
 “I thought there wouldn’t be anything and you would drop it.” That plan didn’t work out so well. 
“Well, what are we going to do now?” I asked as Jesse still tried to remain focused on his driving. 
“We wait.” He added plainly.
 “Wait? But…”
 “You don’t know anything, Ren…. We have to wait for him to do something else.” He said cutting me off.
 “Well, you’ve certainly given him the chance leaving him with Jen.” I said not too nicely.
 “That’s not funny.” Jesse said his face completely serious as he glanced towards me.
 “Okay I’m sorry, but I don’t trust the guy, Jess.”
 “Yeah, I can see that.” Jesse said as he parked in front of my house. 
“Just keep your eyes open. I don’t want anything to happen to you or Jen.” I said before I got out of his car. He pulled me back into the car.
 “Nothing is going to happen.” Jesse said optimistically as he kissed my mouth, firmly.
 “Goodnight,” Jesse said as he let go of my shoulders. I walked to my front door and saw my parents in the kitchen. 
 Chapter 10: Changing
“Hungry?” My mom asked as I walked towards them. 
“No, ate at Jesse’s.”
 “Oh well there is dessert if you’d like in the fridge.” My dad added as he continued to eat the pasta on his plate.
 “Thanks, not now, maybe later.” I said as I started walking towards the living room.
 “Is everything okay, honey?” My mom said before I reached the living room. 
“Yeah, I just feel like something is wrong.” My parents looked at me as soon as I finished the sentence.
 “Did something happen?” My mom said walking towards me, “Are you okay?”
 “I’m fine, I just said that wrong. It’s just work. That case is really bothering me.” I said hoping honesty would get me bonus points. 
“Rena, Joe is doing all he can to catch this guy. Don’t let it bother you.”
 I nodded, “You’re right I’m being emotional.” I said as I sat on the love seat and flicked through channels on the television and continued the conversation.
“If you want to talk about it, Rena, it’s okay.” My mom added sweetly. She looked over at my father sharing an unspoken conversation.
 “No, I’m fine thanks, mom.” I said as I focused my attention on the show, which I can’t even remember now because my phone started to ring.
“Hello?” 
“Hey, Ren.” Dave’s smooth voice boomed into the phone.
 “Hey Dave, what’s up?” I said as I started walking towards the stairs with my phone.
 “Nothing. What about you?” He added.
 “Nothing interesting, but can I ask you something?”
 “Sure what’s going on?” David said his voice a little worried. Based on past experiences, I knew Dave always expected the worse when I said that statement. 
 “We’re best friends, right?” I asked already feeling awkward about what I was going to say.
“Yeah, Ren, what’s going on?” He asked suspiciously. 
 “Well I talked to Whitney today and she got this idea that there might be someone else.” 
“Like I’m cheating on her?” Dave said his voice incredulous.
 “Are you?” I asked.
“Rena, why would I do that?” He said sounding hurt.
“I don’t know. I thought you really liked her but you have done it in the past.”
 “Did you tell her that?” Dave asked his anger making an appearance. 
“No, she said something was not right lately. That is all and she wanted to know if there was someone else.”
 “You told her there isn’t?”
 “I told her I would check it out for her.”
 “Well, there isn’t anyone else.” Dave said his voice terse. 
“So why did you call?” I asked, hoping to get past his anger towards me.
 “Just to tell my friend I had a good date but I can talk to someone else.”
 “David,” I said sounding a little whiney. “I’m sorry I just wanted to help ease her mind. She was distraught.” I said.
 “Yeah, well that could have been put to my attention sooner, Ren.” He said, still sounding upset.
 “I’m sorry. How was dinner?” 
“Everything went well. The movie was good, dinner was slow but it was a nice restaurant.”
 “Makes up for it.” I added.
 “Yeah, that’s what Whit said.” He said sounding happier.
 “Sounds great, Dave…Anything else you want to add?” He hesitated for a moment.
 “No, that’s it.” He said quietly.
 “Oh, okay.” I said. We talked a few minutes longer and hung up. 
I laid in my bed, the Sorority Killer never far from my mind. I eventually dozed off into an uncomfortable sleep to wake up at three am. Why did I wake up? I had no clue but it was even harder to go back to sleep afterwards. I woke up feeling worse than I did the day before. 
When I went into work that morning it was chaotic. People were running around. It was simply a madhouse. “Rena!” Joe shouted from across the room.
 “Yes?” I said as I walked towards him.
 “Did you hear what happened?”
 “No sir?”
 “There was another attack.” Joe said shifting through a pile of papers in his hands.
 “The Sorority Killer?” I said in disbelief.
“I believe so but we have to go see her.”
 “The morgue again?” I said solemnly.
 “No, she’s in the hospital he didn’t kill her.”
 “What?” I asked confused, “Then why do you think it’s him?” 
“We are not sure we have to go check her neck.” Joe said eyeing me for a moment, “You okay today?” 
“I’m fine, so are you taking Susan?” I asked hoping I’d get a ticket out of the frenzy of the police department. 
“I was planning on taking you, but I can ask Susan if you’d rather not.” Joe said showing a small smile.
 “No! I’m ready, whenever you are.” I said trying to shake off my exhaustion, which was easy with the building buzz in the station. 
We walked to the police cruiser. “So do you have a name for the victim?” I asked as I made sure I had everything I needed. 
“Melissa Rollins.”
 “Does she go to college in Philly?” I asked, thinking it was the most obvious question to ask.
 “No, actually she just graduated from Walterville High, she worked at The Scoop. Do you know her?” Joe said hoping for something positive.
 “Melissa? I don’t think I do.” I said trying to think of all the waiters I met.
 “She goes by Missy I think one of the officers said.” Joe added.
 “Missy?” I said surprised, “I know her. How bad is she hurt?” I whispered still stunned by the news. 
“She has no permanent damage from what I’ve heard just bruises and lacerations.” Joe said as he pulled into the county hospital parking lot.
 “Do you really think it was him?” I said wanting to really know the truth.
 “I don’t know. She matches most of the description besides actually being in college.” 
“I hope for once we are wrong, Joe.” I said as we walked towards the hospital.
There were two officers stationed outside of Missy’s hospital room. Joe nodded to them and walked into the room. 
“Good morning, everyone.” Joe said smiling at the crowd. I looked around surprised; there was Mrs. Harris, Jesse, Mr. and Mrs. Rollins, and Missy in the bed eating cherry Jell-O. What was he doing here? I stopped myself from voicing the question. I couldn’t ask now because I was supposed to be working. I looked over at him, he smiled but didn’t say a word. “Mr. and Mrs. Rollins, if you don’t mind we’d like to talk to Missy about what happened to her.” Joe said, walking towards her parents. I walked over to Missy, she smiled sadly and didn’t say a word either. Was I missing something?  I stood quietly waiting for Joe to clear the room. “Thank you. It won’t take long at all if you’d wait in the waiting room. I will have Rena tell you when we are finished.” 
Joe closed the door after everyone left the room and I pulled up two chairs to her bed. “Missy, do you mind if I call you that?” Joe asked as he sat in one of the chairs I moved. 
“It’s fine.” She said not bothering to look at either of us.
 “Have you showered since the incident?” 
“They haven’t let me they were waiting for you, Lt. Vasquez.” She added matter-of-factly. One thing was certain this girl did not sound traumatized she actually sounded annoyed.
 “Well, will you turn your head to the right for us.” Joe asked.
 “Why?” she added quite snidely.
“Because we are trying to link your attack to the Sorority Killer.” Joe said not showing as much sympathy as he had before. Her eyes widened, that got her attention. She turned her head and there it was a puzzle piece, just like the others.  I couldn’t suppress the gasp that escaped my mouth.
 “Is something wrong?” She asked worry seeping into her voice. That tough facade she had been projecting was starting to show cracks.
“Can I take a picture, Missy?” I asked my voice shaken. 
“Okay,” she said sounding like a scared puppy now. I snapped the photo and caught it after the Polaroid camera dispensed the photo. “Can I see it?” She whispered to me.
 “Um,” I said looking over to Joe for approval. He nodded and I handed her the developed photograph. 
“What does it mean?”
 “It means this was the Sorority Killer.” Joe said.
 “I’d like for you to tell us what happened last night, Missy.” 
“Okay.” She whispered as she handed me back the picture.
 “Do you mind if Rena records this for evidence?” Joe added before his questions.
 “Go right ahead.” Missy said her voice becoming stronger. I set up the recorder on her bedside and took my seat between Missy and Joe. 
“Did you happen to see who assaulted you?” Joe was being blunt.
 “No…he had a ski mask on…but it didn’t cover his eyes.” She said looking up when she finished.
 “What color were his eyes? Do you know his race?” 
“Blue…bright blue eyes…he was white…and he was tall too.”
 “Do you have a guess at how tall?”
 “Um at least six feet maybe taller?” Missy said her voice sort of making the statement sound like a question at the end.
 “Okay did he have anything on his arms, hands, legs?”
 “He was wearing black from head to toe and gloves.” 
“How did you come across him?” 
“I was walking down the street towards my house from my friend’s house, she lives a few houses down. I noticed him walking behind me almost instantly after I left Candace’s house. I just started walking faster. I didn’t think he was going to attack me. I started to cut across my lawn and he tackled me. Can you believe that?” We nodded and waited as she continued the story, “Well I was going to scream, I was on my lawn, my parents were home they would hear me, but he covered my mouth and said if I screamed he’d kill me. He pulled me off the ground still covering my mouth.” She said pointing to the bruises along her jaw. “He pulled me along into that park by my house and pushed me to the ground. I screamed and he punched me.” She said showing us more bruises on her right cheek. “I think I passed out. I woke up and he was…you know,” she said her eyes welling up with fresh tears, “He was raping me.” She said through choked sobs. I stood and rubbed her shoulders.
 “If you don’t want to talk anymore we can stop.” I said as she started to compose herself.
 “No, I want him caught.” She said still talking through the tears. “Well he did that and I started fighting when I woke up, but he didn’t let go until he was ready.” She said in a small voice. “He slapped me around a little more and even banged my head against the bench he had put me on. I was crying loudly and I think someone heard me because he bolted.”
I turned off the recorder and moved back to my seat beside Joe. “Have the doctors been in here for a rape kit?” Joe asked.
 “Yes, it was the first thing they did.” Missy said still sounding miserable.
 “Do you want me to get her family?” I asked as I stood up. 
“Yeah, I’m just going to talk to the officers outside her room. Missy, I’m going to tell the officers to not let anyone into the room that is not your immediate family or not in the waiting room.” Joe said as he walked towards the door. 
“Okay.” Was all she whispered back. I started collecting the recorder and camera and started putting them away. 
“I’m sorry about what happened, Missy.” I said sincerely meaning it. No one should have to go through what she went through.
 “Thanks,” she muttered back not even bothering to look up at me.
I walked to the waiting room a few feet away from Missy’s room. “You guys can go back into Missy’s room, Lt. Vasquez is finished.” Everyone stood and started walking to Missy’s room except Jesse.
 He walked towards me, “What’s going on…is she?”
 “What are you doing here?” I asked, ignoring his question. 
“I drove my mother.”
 “Why are you still here?” I asked trying to control the jealousy that was rising within me. He wasn’t interested in Missy, I told myself trying to be rational.
“Rena, this isn’t the place for you to be acting like this. She’s my friend.”
 “Really?” I said annoyed with him.
 “Yes, she is. I don’t understand why you are jealous she was attacked and you know who did it!” Jesse said stepping closer and whispering the last part so only I heard. 
“I can’t divulge that information.” I said turning my face to his frustrated glare.
 “I already know I saw her neck.” Jesse said still too close to me when I was angry.
 “It’s him,” he said further stepping into my space. I moved back. 
“I can’t talk about this, Jess.” 
He was annoyed and it showed, “Look I get that you are jealous of Missy but Ren seriously she was attacked by a monster and all you want to do is fight with me.” 
“I’m not fighting with you. I’m not telling you what you want to know.” 
“Damn it, Rena!” Jesse said, shoving one of the chairs beside me. 
“Jesse, I’m not mad but I am working and I can’t tell you what is going on…at least not now.” I said trying to calm him down.
 “But…” he said halfheartedly. 
“I can talk after work.”
 “Actually let’s not.” Jesse said looking at me. Actually it seemed like he was looking through me when he was speaking. His eyes were hard and dark with disdain for me.
 “What are you saying?” I said not believing he was this mad because I was doing my job. 
 “I really don’t want to see you right now.” Jesse said evenly.
 “What…what did I do?” I said still stunned.
“I ask for one thing and you can’t even tell me that.” Jesse said, the anger was evident on his face.
 “Jess, that’s not fair.” I said, knowing I wasn’t hiding how upset I was.
 “Life’s not fair.” He said with a huff. I felt the stinging of tears in my eyes and I fought them with all my might. 
“It’s my job.” I said the rage growing within me. He didn’t say anything he just looked at me. “What am I supposed to do?” 
“I don’t want anything from you.” He said the resentment obvious and heart shattering. 
“So I guess this is….” I couldn’t finish the words and he didn’t try either, he just glared at me. I had to turn and walk away staring at those eyes. Those haunting blue eyes that made my heart leap had just helped in crushing my heart. I walked over to Joe who was getting the medical records on Missy.
 Chapter 11: Hurt
“Can I wait in the car, Joe?” I asked holding out my hands for the keys. He looked at me and must have noticed my crumbling façade because he handed me the keys without question. 
I walked to the car taking deep breaths the entire time. I could not cry I was working. I tried to think of something else, anything else, but I couldn’t, I just thought of Jesse’s face. How upset he was. The look in his eyes as he ended things, had me bursting at the seams. 
 We were broken up. How was I supposed to handle this? I opened the door and sank into the car and the tears came rushing down against my wishes. They were like streams steadily trailing down my face. I looked around for something to wipe my face only to find Dunkin Donuts napkins in the glove compartment. How stereotypical of a cop.
 I started to clean my face up using the side mirror. It wasn’t working my skin was blotchy from all the tears and my nose was still runny and glowing red. This was probably the worst situation ever. I looked over to the hospital doors hoping Joe wasn’t coming out, but I saw something worse. Jesse was walking towards me. Hell, why hadn’t I planned an escape route. He knocked on the car window. His expression was a mix between sad, hurt, and determination. 
“Can we talk?” Jesse said his voice soft but serious. I turned away, I didn’t want him to see me like this and I didn’t want to talk anymore. “Rena, I know you are there you can’t hide.” I turned my head hoping he would just go away, he didn’t. “Fine I guess I will just talk.” I really couldn’t take another conversation with him. I lowered the window.
 “How about let’s not talk. I really can’t handle this right now, Jess. Just give me a chance to register this alone.” I said trying to sound as composed as possible but I knew I probably failed. I raised the window again and leaned my head against the head rest and closed my eyes, hoping he would go away. He stood there for a few minutes without saying a word, but he did eventually leave without talking to me.
Joe came out shortly after Jesse left. I didn’t care what Joe saw I just needed to be away from here. “What happened in there, Solis?” He asked, apparently assessing the situation. I had a small pile of crumbled napkins on my lap and probably the saddest looking face possible, with my red nose, eyes, and tear stained cheeks. It was safe to say I was a miserable pile of grief. 
“Sorry, it was just a little personal.” I said still sniffling.
 “I can drop you off at home, if you are not up for the day.”
 “Thank you, Joe.” I said suppressing the urge to start crying again. 
“We’ll pick up your stuff and I want you to get some rest, Rena. You look like you need it.” He said in that fatherly tone, he reserved for me when he was extremely worried. I nodded and tried to hide my face from his inquisitive stare. It was nearly impossible.
He pulled up to my house, “Feel better I hope to see you Monday.” Joe said as I got out of the cruiser. 
I walked into the house to my stunned parents, “Honey, what’s wrong? Why are you home so early?” My mom said actually standing when I walked through the door.
 “I’m fine, I’m just tired.” I mumbled as I rushed up the stairs to my room. I slammed my door and it felt like everything I held back was coming down. The tears, the sobs, the aching pain. I didn’t even realize I was holding back until it came out. Breaking up was not supposed to be this painful. If it was why did people do it so regularly? This was not a fun feeling and to top it off my mom was knocking on my door. 
“Sweetheart, I know something is wrong do you want to talk?” Her tone clearly worried and motherly. 
 “Not right now, mom.” I said trying to not sound like the crying heap I was. 
“I’m really worried about you.” My mom said and I had to open the door. “Oh,” was all my mom said when she saw me, she pulled me in for a hug. “What happened?” She asked stroking my back as she moved towards my bed to sit down. 
“I…we…broke up.” Was all I could make come out, because even though I thought it was impossible I started crying harder.
 “Oh sweetie, things happen I’m sure everything will work out.” She said still trying to keep me close to her and soothe me.
 “I’d really like to be alone, mom.” I said looking up at her, tears still running down my face. Her face was covered in concern.
 “Maybe I should call Dave? Would you be more comfortable talking to him?” I looked at her surprised she would say something like that. “Okay, I’m going to call him, I’m sure he will be here quickly.” My mom said as she moved our hands from the embrace.
 “Thank you.” I whispered as she started walking towards my door.
 “No problem, sweetheart.” She said as she quickly hugged me again and went to call Dave and bring me large quantities of comfort food.
My mother was true to her word, Dave arrived about ten minutes later. He burst into my room without even a knock. “Dude, have you ever heard of a knock?” I said laying on my back in bed staring into space. 
“What happened?” Was all he could muster out. The concern was obvious, I must look like crap. 
“Oh Dave, I really don’t want to talk about it.” I said sitting up so he could sit beside me. 
“Ren, you guys broke up?” He said incredulously. I nodded, fresh tears started falling. “Tell me about it.” Was all he added as he put his arm over my shoulders, pulling me into a one armed hug.
 “Dave, I don’t even know what I did.” I said trying to make sense through the sobs.
 “Start from the beginning.” He said soothingly.
“I was at the hospital with Joe interviewing the new victim and Jesse was in her room.” 
“Is it Jen?” Dave asked surprised for a moment. 
“No, but I can’t say who. Anyways, they all went to the waiting room and we interviewed her. Then I went to tell them they could go back in but Jesse wanted to talk to me.”
 “Okay.” He said waiting for me to continue with my story.
 “He asked me if I knew who attacked her. I told him I couldn’t discuss it now and that we could talk later.” I stopped to wipe my cheeks but started again quickly, wanting to get it all off my chest. “And he said I needed to stop being jealous and I told him I would tell him after work.” I looked at Dave to gage his expression but there wasn’t any. “He was mad but I couldn’t tell him there with people around and Joe was so close by. I was jealous but I wasn’t that jealous.” I said, the sobs slowly departing. “He just looked furious but he didn’t say much. I asked if we could meet and talk about it later but he said let’s not. What does that mean?” I said looking over at Dave, wanting his opinion. I just wanted him to tell me I was wrong and everything was still peachy between me and Jesse despite what I said. I really wanted him to tell me I was overreacting, weird but true.
 “That doesn’t mean you are broken up.” Dave said hoping to reassure me. I looked at him, appreciating his unwavering positivity.
 “Then I asked, what do you mean do you want us to be over? But I didn’t say over, I couldn’t bring myself to say that to him. He didn’t say a word to me, if he wanted us to be together he would have said something, right?” I said the tears completely subsiding. 
“No, I think your right, what happened next?” Dave asked, and dashed all my hopes that I was overreacting.
 “I was in disbelief that this was happening I walked away. I couldn’t look at him. I waited in the police cruiser for Joe to finish, but Jesse came out before that.”
 “So you did talk?” Dave said his voice seemed slightly hopeful. 
“No, I couldn’t talk to him. I told him to go away.” I said starting to feel like a bigger idiot for doing that.
 “And he did?” Dave asked surprised, “He never listened before.” David whispered probably thinking I couldn’t hear him. 
“Dave, so what do you think?” I hoped he would tell me something reassuring, something positive I wasn’t seeing, boy was I wrong.
 “It sounds like you guys had a really big fight. I think you need to talk before you say it’s over, Ren, but at this moment I think it looks like you ended things.”
 I was crestfallen, “I ended? But he was the one-”
 “It’s okay just call him and talk, he wants to talk.” Dave said softly, comfortingly.
 “How do you know that? He hasn’t even called me.” 
“You told him to go away, he’s respecting your wishes.” I thought about it for a few moments he was probably right. Was I really being that irrational? “Rena, are you feeling better? You don’t have to talk to him if you are not ready.” Dave said as he let go of my shoulders and laid on my bed. “I’ll call Whitney if you don’t want to be alone tonight. You guys could have a sleepover and get to know each other better. She’ll probably be better at girl talk than me.” He added hoping to make me feel better. 
“No, I think I’m okay,” I said, and Dave sat back up to look at me.
 “You are not okay.” He said touching my chin directing my face to his.
 “Dave…I…” but I didn’t finish that sentence. He kissed me, I pushed him away. 
“What the Hell!” was all I could say, He looked embarrassed. “Dave, I just told you, your girlfriend thought you were cheating on her and you do that?”
 “I’m sorry…but…” he said his face showing his conflict.
 “But?” I said angrily.
“I thought you wanted me to.” Was what he said in the softest of voices.
 “Dave, I like Whitney. I would never want that for her.” Dave looked down.
 “Should I tell her?” He said in the most pained tone I had ever heard.
 “Yeah, and you better tell her I pushed you away.” He laughed softly.
 “Do you really think we are good together?” Dave asked looking at me like he was the broken one. 
“You guys are perfect together. She loves you. Don’t you love her?”
 “I do but…I…Rena, I still love you.” He said completely serious. Was this let’s-see- how-many-times-we-could-upset-Rena day or something? What kind of twilight zone world did I enter today? 
“Dave, I love you too but it’s different, you know that.” I said touching his shoulder, “You’re my best friend. I’ve been through hell and back with you but it’s not the same as with Whitney.” I said hoping to not sound mean.
 “How do you know that?” Dave said looking at me intently.
 “Because, like for example, the way you look at Whitney. You have this nervous excitement when you’re with her.The world is right on its axis when you are together.” I said hoping he’d understand my ramblings.
 “Yeah, but that doesn’t mean I love her.” He said unconvincingly. 
 “But you don’t have that with me, but I have that with Jesse.” I said trying to not dwell on the fact that I had to use his name. 
“So?” I shoved him slightly for his dense response.
 “Why are you so clueless, Dave?” I finished.
 “I get it. I do.” Dave said recovering from my apparently not so light shove. “You’re right and since you are giving such great advice I think you need to follow it and call Jesse.”
 I rolled my eyes, “Dave, but…” 
“But, nothing. You still care about him and some stupid fight isn’t worth giving up your relationship on.” Dave said returning to his caring friend mode.
 “Who said you could use my own words against me?” I said falling back onto my bed.
 “What are you afraid of?” Dave asked, taunting me.  
Which made me think, what am I afraid of? I love Jesse and Dave was right why didn’t I want to call him? I was scared. Really scared. All I could picture was Jesse’s startlingly blue eyes looking at me, emotionless. How does one turn off their emotions because I think it is a skill I’m lacking. “You’re right, Dave, I’ll call him.”


Chapter 12: When?
 “When?” he asked, not letting me off the hook so easily.
“Soon.” I said.
 “How about now?” Dave offered, he was really pushing this.
 “Why?”
 “Because you will be happier once you make up.  There is no reason for you to be miserable in your room on a Friday night.” 
“Dave,” I groaned as he grabbed my cell phone and started looking for Jesse’s phone number. “Stop!” I said trying to grab the phone from his hands and failing miserably. He called and handed me the phone as it began to ring. “But…”
 “Do it and don’t hang up. I’m going to grab something to drink. Want anything?” I shook my head and Dave left my room, the phone was still ringing. 
“Hello?”
 “Hi Jess, listen I’m sorry about what happened I was overreacting, I should have been…”
 “What are you talking about, Ren?” Jesse said.
“About this morning.” I said offended that he seemed to have forgotten.
 “No, I mean why are you apologizing I was the jerk. You were working and I was being stupid. It was irrational for me to try and drill you for information like that.”  This was going better than I thought. “I’m sorry, Ren.” Jesse finished, “Can you forgive me?”
 “Of course, I could never stay mad at you.” I said feeling more relieved than I had all day. 
“Can I see you then?” Jesse said, raising the amount of joy I thought I would never feel again. 
“That’s great, half hour?” I replied happily.
 “I’ll pick you up.” 
 “Okay,” I said as I hung up the phone. Dave peeked his head into my room.
“All better?” He said handing me a can of soda. 
“All better.” I said with a smile.
 “See I told you it would work out.” I nodded and started going through my closet. “What are you doing?” He asked as he walked further in to my room.
 “He should be here in a half hour, I need to change.”
 “Is that my cue to leave?” Dave said a little hurt. 
“No,” I quickly said. “Stay. Talk to me. We never get to talk.”
 “We’ve been talking for an hour.” Dave said as he sat back on my bed.
 “Yeah, but we just talked about me and Whitney. There is so much more going on with you than that…How’s work?” I said having trouble finding something to wear. 
“What do you think of this?” I said holding up a skirt and tank top. 
“Fine,” Dave said, “Work is good. Not interesting, but good. You know we started fixing motorcycles too?” 
“Really? Why would your dad do that?”
 “Well, business is kind of slow if you’re not selling and fixing bicycles so we started fixing motorcycles and my dad said if it picks up he might start selling them too.”
 “Sounds busy to me.” I said walking towards my bathroom. I changed quickly and walked out. David whistled low, a sure sign it was a good outfit. “Thanks,” I said going to my closet again digging for shoes. One of these days I was going to have to clean my closet so I could actually find something. “At least your dad let you go to soccer camp and stuff.”
 “I guess this summer was better than most.” He said with a nonchalant lift of his shoulders.
 “I’d say you were probably starting every game and you met Whit, too.”
 “Yeah,” Dave said with a smile, “It was just like that.” He added mockingly.
 “Oh shut up.” I sat beside him and started drinking my coke. “Seriously, are you alright, Dave?” 
“Yeah I’m just. Do you think Whit will be mad when I tell her about what I did?” This again? It was really uncomfortable the first time but if I had to drag it out with him again I would. 
“Yeah, she’ll be mad but don’t forget to mention how bad you feel and it was a mistake.” He nodded.
 “Do you think she’ll break up with me?”
 “I don’t know. I hope not. Just emphasize how this made you realize you love her…girls love that sappy stuff.” I said with a reassuring smile.
 “So is that how Jesse got you with all that ‘sappy’ stuff?” Dave said with a wicked grin. 
“Shut up.” I retorted thinking about it for a second.
It was sort of true. Follow your heart…three words I would always associate with the exact moment I fell completely in love with Jesse Harris. 
I smiled thinking about the memory. “I’d take that as a yes.” Dave said with a knowing chuckle.
 “It wasn’t like that.” I said snidely.
“Then what were you thinking about?” He intuitively asked.
“Something Jesse said.” I replied, there was no reason to lie.
 “That was ‘sappy’?” Dave said making air quotations with his fingers when he said the word sappy.
 “No, it’s what he said to me when I first started talking to you. We were at lunch with you.”
 “Oh I remember that.” Dave said, rolling his eyes, “You brought him to lunch so we wouldn’t get back together.” 
“Well, instead of saying you’re a creep, don’t go back out with him…”
 “Which is a very Jesse answer.” Dave interjected.
“Yeah, I know. He just said follow your heart.”
 “Follow your heart?” Dave said with an incredulous chuckle. “Sorry, Ren, but that was a hell of a sappy thing to say.”
 “I knew I shouldn’t have told you.” I said pushing him.
 “Seriously he said that though?” Dave said confused, “I thought he liked you then? 
“He did.”
“Then he should have bashed me until he knew he would have you.” 
“Do you really think that was necessary?” I said looking at him teasingly.
 “No, you were obsessed with him. You were going to be with him no matter what.” He said with a nonchalant shrug. I was surprised by that. 
“No, it would have been different if…”
 “Caitlin was still your best friend?” Dave added, knowing I hated to talk about her. “Yeah.” I added softly.
 “I don’t know. I just think you two would have made it work somehow. You guys just gravitated to each other.” Dave said thinking about his words.
 “Really?” I said surprised by his philosophical take on the situation.
 “Well, I’m going to head to Whitney’s if we have nothing left to say.” Dave said abruptly cutting off the conversation and standing. I walked out with him, gave him a hug and he was off to beg for forgiveness. Forgiveness, I really think he deserved.
So I was alone to think about this crazy day that I was hoping would melt away when Jesse arrived and he did eventually come. Only he was late and I was starting to get pretty pissed about this. He knocked on the door a little nervously, I was mad, he needed to be nervous. “Half hour?” Was all I said as I walked towards his car.
 “Sorry, Ren, I should have called but it was hard getting away from the hospital.”
 “You’re two hours late. You couldn’t find ten seconds to text me that?” I said still angry about everything.
 “I’m sorry,” was all he said as he started the car. “Rena…” 
“What is it that you couldn’t have left? Why are you so mysteriously close to Missy?” I said not even knowing where I was going or what I was thinking sparking a new fight. The only thing is he didn’t fight back like I expected.
 “Our families are close that’s all. I’ve known her since I was in diapers.”
 “But you guys aren’t that close.” I said confused, because I rarely saw them even converse. 
“Well I was really close with Missy for most of my life. She was a great friend but it cooled off when…” he stopped, took a deep breath and continued “when I started dating Caitlin they hated each other.” I thought for a moment I couldn’t remember Missy before when I had gone to The Scoop with Caitlin.
 “Oh,” I said feeling like a royal jerk. 
“It’s not your fault you didn’t know.” Jesse said as he touched my hand and just as quickly moved it. 
“I feel terrible.” I said slumping further into the passenger seat.
 “It’s not your fault. It’s something I should have told you before.” He said with a quick glance at me.
 “No, you didn’t have to it wasn’t any of my business.” I said trying to extricate myself from further embarrassment or from unnecessarily overreacting. 
He looked at me for a long moment, “Why do you think that?”
 “Um…well because you are allowed to have your own friends. I don’t need to know everyone you hang out with.” He laughed softly.
 “You don’t believe that.” He said one eyebrow raised, making him too adorable to stay angry with. 
 “Sort of.” To be honest, I wanted to know everything but that could also be the detective in me, not the good girlfriend.
 “I think you are full of it.” Jesse said with a teasing smile.
 “Why?” I said a little hurt.
 “Um, because you always want to know everything.” He was still smiling, he knew me way too well. “You have every right to know everything, Ren, you’re my girlfriend. I don’t want to hide anything from you.”
There was pang of guilt with that statement and I remembered I had to tell him what happened with Dave today. “I agree we should know everything.” 
He looked at me for a second, “Are you saying there is stuff I don’t know about you?” Jesse said, his face not as happy and teasing as it was before.
 “Sort of,” I said uncomfortably shifting in my seat.
 “What?” His smile completely gone from his face.
 “Why don’t we start with you and Missy, before I go.”
 “Rena.” That’s all it took, him to say my name and I sang like a canary. 
I started to cry. I couldn’t even believe I had any tears left but here they were. “Well, Dave was at my house today and he was consoling me about our breakup and he…he sort of kissed me, but I pushed him away and then we talked it over. It’s never going to happen again I swear.” I said through the tears and that’s when I looked over at Jesse for the first time. He looked pissed. “That’s all that happened, he’s never going to do it again.” I said hoping he wasn’t going to do anything rash, considering how angry he looked. 
“God, he couldn’t even wait he pounced while you were crying.” Jesse said, the tight set of his jaw giving away his frustration. 
“Jess, it wasn’t like that.” I said hoping to calm him. 
 “I thought he was my friend.” Jesse said still fuming.
 “He is and that’s why he felt like such a jerk. It was an accident. He wants us to be together he’s the reason I called you…” Jesse still didn’t look happy. 
“He kissed you.” He said still focused on that one part. 
 “It was nothing! I pushed him away.” I said hurt he wasn’t hearing that part. “You hate me.” I said starting to cry again, only a lot quieter than the last time. He still noticed and brushed the tears off my cheeks. He parked then at his house. 
“Why are we here? I can’t go in looking like this.” I said wiping at my face.
 “Relax only Jen and Chris are here and they are probably in Jen’s room.” I nodded and he pulled me into the house. 

~~~
“Are you mad?” I said as Jesse closed his bedroom door behind us. 
“Yeah, I’m mad.” Jesse said in more than a whisper. He was so close to me, his fingers grazed my waterlogged cheeks.
“I’m so sorry.” I said looking down avoiding his strikingly honest eyes. 
“It’s not your fault, I really can’t blame Dave either…he does love you.” Jess said with a sigh. I looked up.
 “No, he doesn’t love me he loves Whitney.” I said knowing it was the only truth, and he needed to believe it.
 “Yeah, than why did he kiss you?” Jesse said.
 “He was confused, that’s why it’s never going to happen again because he realized how much he loves her.”
 “Okay.” Jesse said not too convinced but a little more confused.
 “You see when I pushed him away, we started talking and…and he was scared.”
 “You are a great friend.” He said with a lot less agitation in his tone. He almost sounded like he was joking, but he still looked too serious for that. 
 “You aren’t mad at him?” I asked hoping I had smoothed things over. 
“No, but if he does it again we are going to have a problem.” Jesse said as he sat on his bed beside me.
 Chapter 13: Everything
“Your turn,” I said snuggling closer towards him.
He sighed, “Okay, what do you want to know?” 
“Everything,” I said.
 “That’s not vague at all.” He said with a smile. A genuine smile, making me know he really was feeling better about the whole David fiasco.
 “Start at the beginning with Missy.”
 “Okay, well our mothers are best friends so I’ve known Missy my whole life. That’s why my mom won’t fire her even though she’s a terrible waitress. We have been really close for a really long time she was the first girl I kissed.” Jesse said with a small smile, which didn’t help my growing jealousy. “But you have nothing to be jealous about.” Jesse added kissing me quickly. “I think I was like nine or ten.  Anyways, we were best friends until being best friends with a girl became awkward. That was around the same time I started hanging out more with Josh and the other football guys I played with. 
Around fourteen, I started helping my parents at the diner, Missy had already been working there for about a year because she’s a year older than me. We started hanging out again.” Jesse stopped to gage my expression, “We tried the whole dating thing and it was terrible.” I knew I looked stunned. I felt stunned. This was a bomb I never even suspected, “Don’t be jealous it was like a month and it was really weird.” Jesse said with a smile.
 “I’m not jealous,” I replied tersely even though we both knew I was jealous. He put his arm over my shoulders and we were lying on the bed as our usual arrangement.
 “You’re so cute when you’re jealous.” He said with a chuckle as he kissed the tip of my nose.
 “That’s not funny.” I said hurt.
 “Okay, back to the story. We were dating when I met Caitlin, since you know Caitlin you know that didn’t stop her from shamelessly flirting with me at The Scoop.”
 “While Missy was watching?” I said horrified that I missed all of that, even though I was there. Clearly, I only saw what I wanted to see and that was only Jesse, unfortunately.
 “Yeah, we argued about it constantly and we eventually broke up. So Caitlin was around and her flirting didn’t stop. I eventually just asked her out but you knew that already.” He said with a smile. He was talking about what I had said to him to convince him to date Caitlin. I was a fool back then. 
“Yeah, and I know the rest.”
 “Do you?” He asked looking at me intently.
 “Well you dated, she cheated on you, you guys broke up.”
 “Yeah, but she was so different from the Caitlin you knew. When we were together Cait was always around with a new person she loved to make me jealous. Don’t even ask me why. I’m not a jealous person, so it took a lot to make me jealous, but she did it.”
 “Hence, why she went to The Scoop with her conquests.” I said, understanding finally coming to me.
 “Yeah and that pissed Missy off beyond reason. She couldn’t understand why I was with her. She said Cait constantly cheated on me and rubbed it in my face.”
 “She had a point.” I said dubiously.
 “Yeah, but at the time the guys she brought were my friends. I didn’t think they would do that to me, they knew we were together. I just thought she was hanging with them you know until Josh.” I nodded knowing exactly what he meant. 
“Missy didn’t talk to me for about a year until I broke up with Caitlin.”
 “Okay, I mean I’m sure she felt bad about what happened.”
 “Yeah, she did and she kind of wanted to start back up…I didn’t.”
 “Why not?” I asked in incredulity.
“I thought it was time to be alone. I quit football and focused on other stuff. My school work, the diner, I tried to salvage our friendship after I told her we weren’t going to go out again.”
 “Was she mad?” I asked genuinely interested. 
 “She was pissed didn’t talk to me for a few months. We started talking again right before I started talking to you.” He said with a grin.
 “She didn’t like that?”
 “I guess she’s a little jealous but there is nothing she can hate about you. When I started liking you she noticed instantly. She started saying stuff like, you know she’s always with that guy, it’s probably her boyfriend and then she went on the whole Caitlin is your friend and you are probably just as terrible as her. I defended you of course. I knew you for years and the one thing I was sure about was you and Caitlin were nothing alike. She continued to talk to me but she knew she was losing the battle particularly when we started to hang out together alone. Missy doesn’t hate you but she’s a little jealous.” He said with a shrug.
“So that is why you were there today?” 
“Yup, I had to go.” 
“I understand.” I said as I kissed his cheek and moved to lie back on his chest. 
“So what did you find out about Missy’s case?” Jesse said after several moments of blissful silence.
 “Not much besides the puzzle piece, we had no reason to believe it’s the sorority killer. She gave us no description besides he’s white with blue eyes and tall.”
 Jesse sighed, “So you are still at a dead end?”
 “Yeah, Joe was worried sick this guy is going to come back and finish the job.”
 Jesse sat up slightly, uncomfortable about what I was saying.
 “That’s why he beefed up security?” He asked in alarm.
I nodded, “He won’t be able to get to her with all those cops there, but they did cancel Jen’s detail to put extra security on Missy.” 
“I hope you’re right.” Jesse said. 
“I know you are worried but Joe is going to find this guy. He’s starting to slip up. It’s only a matter of time before they find him.” I said looking up at Jesse, hoping he believed me.
 “Are you not on the case anymore?” Jesse said with a devilish grin. 
“My boyfriend was worried about me doing my own investigation, so I called it quits.” 
“Really and when did this change of heart occur. Before or after we searched a bedroom and a computer?” He said still smiling.
 “Do you want me to keep looking into it?” I asked unsure of where he was going with this. 
“Maybe we should just keep our eyes on Chris for a little while.” Jesse said not smiling anymore. 
“Did he leave last night?” 
“I don’t know I was asleep around midnight.”
 “Oh well just keep an eye on him, okay.” He nodded still looking distressed. “Jess, if Joe doesn’t find him we will, I promise, Missy is going to be safe.” I said looking into those startling blue depths of his.
 “I think dating a Solis was the best idea I’ve ever had.” He said with a small smile.
 I scoffed, “Jerk you are just dating me because my parents are detectives.”
 “No, but it’s a definite bonus,” he said still smiling broadly, making my heart beat at a much faster tempo. 
“So everything is good between us?” Jesse said as we fell into another silence.
 “We are perfect.” I said kissing him on those deliciously full lips. 
“Good,” he added then deepened the kiss. I felt the jolts of excitement run through me, as his hands moved down my body. Everything was perfect again. We were making out like hormonal teenagers should be until there was a knock on Jesse’s door. I fixed my shirt and skirt hoping I looked decent if it was his parents. Jesse opened the door, it was only Jen, much to my relief.
 “Hey guys um, we are going to visit Missy before visitation is over do you want to go?” Jen said looking quickly at me but focusing on Jesse. 
“I’ve been there all day, Jen. I was planning on going again tomorrow.” She nodded and I noticed she looked a little sad.
 “What’s wrong?” I asked from across the room.
 “Oh nothing, just this whole thing is scaring me.” She said quietly.
 “Are you going with Chris?” Jesse asked.
 “Yeah,” she replied. Jesse breathed deeply, something he did when he was going to lie. “Then you should be safe.” 
“You’re right.” She said. “Behave you two. Mom said they will be home after eight. How about you guys not be up here when they get here.” Jen said with a wink as she walked to the staircase. 
“You know it’s a wonder Jen didn’t know you were lying.” I said leaning back onto the headboard. 
“Why do you say that?” Jesse said with a smile as he walked towards the bed.  
“You always do that when you are about to lie.” I said matter-of-factly.
 “What is it I do?” He said still smiling, climbing in his bed closer to me.
 “You take a deep breath and then say the lie.” I said.
 “I don’t always do that.” Jesse said a little surprised.
 “Yes, you do it every time.” I said giggling as he starting kissing my arm and moving towards my neck. 
“Do you really think she is safe with him?” I asked unknowingly killing the mood, he sighed. 
“I think so. I mean wouldn’t he have hurt her already if he planned on doing so.”
 “Or maybe he’s using her as a cover.” Jesse looked at me to elaborate, “Like so he doesn’t come off completely creepy he needed a girlfriend to say he is a normal person and have an alibi.” 
“Do you think she knows?”
 I shook my head, “Did you see how scared she was, there was no way she knows, she wouldn’t be with him.” I said pulling Jesse closer to me, instead of hovering over me. “I hope we are right.”
 “Relax,” I said kissing him quickly after. 
“You hungry?” Jesse asked ignoring the moment we were supposed to be having. I sighed loudly, “Or not,” he added with a smile.
 “I’m kind of hungry.” I said as Jesse moved from on top of me and sat up again.
 “Let’s eat something we have two hours.” He said kissing my forehead. I sat up beside him and started to strap my sandals on my feet. “I don’t know if I told you, you look beautiful.” He said looking me over quickly as he said it. It made me proud that I had changed before he came over. He pulled me to my feet and we started down to the kitchen. 
Jesse opened the fridge, examining what was available. “We have leftovers is that okay?” I nodded and Jesse threw some food into the microwave. I sat at the counter watching.  He leaned over the counter and kissed me. “I kind of like this alone time we’ve had lately.” Jesse said walking towards me.
 “Yeah it’s kind of nice.”
 “Kind of?” He said smiling.
 “It’s great.” I said.
 “I think this is the happiest I’ve ever been.” Jesse said absently running his fingers through my hair. I looked at him in shock, like he didn’t even realize what he said. 
“The happiest you’ve ever been?” I said surprised.
 He nodded, “I love you, Ren, nothing else makes me happy.” He said looking at me inquisitively. “Don’t you feel the same way?” 
“Of course I do, I just never thought you would say that.” I said still surprised by his admission.
 “Why not?” He asked, working his charms on me again with that sexy smile of his. 
“Because you have had so many other…” knowing where I was going he cut me off.
 “But I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you.” He said as he stood up, he leaned in close to me and then abruptly left to tend to the beeping microwave. 
I had nothing to complain about that night, and the weekend went well. I spent time with Jesse, we visited Missy, and we had our usual dinner and movie on Saturday the only odd thing about the weekend was Dave and Whitney cancelled on us. 
Dave had reassured me that they were still together they just were trying to work on them, this weekend. I understood what he meant. I had spent the entire weekend even more attached to Jesse than I normally was. Yeah, maybe we were a little obsessed with each other but it was the summer and we were in love. Was it really such a bad thing? 
“Rena?” My mom said as I walked into the house after spending the entire day with Jesse. 
“Yeah, mom?”
 “So it’s safe to say you guys are back together?” she said teasingly. 
“Yeah, it was just a misunderstanding.” I said sitting beside her on the couch. “Where’s dad?”
 “Went to bed.” 
“So early?”
 “He was tired” was her only reply. I gave her a suspicious look. 

Chapter 14: Not this
 “I know you two are serious so I think we should have the talk.” I gulped it was kind of obvious, but I didn’t care I really didn’t want to have this conversation…again.
 “Mom, we don’t have to talk about this.” I said, standing and trying to evade the topic. She pulled me down beside her.
“I know Krystal told me you two have talked about this, but I would feel better if we talked about it.” I was so going to be in agony during this. “You’re a woman and Jesse is a man, you both have needs.”
 “Oh mom please, I know all this.” I said totally uncomfortable with the future of this conversation. 
“If you don’t want to talk about it now we can talk about it when Jesse is here, next time.” I shut up and sat back on the sofa. “Okay, so it may seem like you are in love and nothing will ever change but you have your whole life in front of you. If he really loves he won’t mind waiting until you are married. I like Jesse but I also know, Caitlin wasn’t the most virtuous girl on the block.” I rolled my eyes. My mom was always trying to use what she thought was hip lingo and failed miserably. Girl on the block? 
 “Oh mom, can we really not talk about this.” I said pained. I knew where this was going and I did not like it.
 “So I’m assuming a handsome boy like that isn’t a…”
 “Mom.” This was absolute torture. 
“Here’s the story mom, we are not having sex and we are not planning to, is that what you want to hear?” I asked hoping she would stop this dreadful conversation.
 “Is it true?” she asked, a bit taken aback by my admission.
 “Yes, mom.”
 “Okay, than we should talk about protection.” She said getting back to business.
  I groaned, “Mom, I know about all of this Krystal tortured me enough believe me.”
 “Okay, what did she say?”
 “She said abstinence is the best way to not get pregnant but if I do have sex I should use condoms and I should tell her so I can go on the pill and stuff. She even made me touch a condom and put it on a banana. She was worse than Sex Ed.” I said thinking back to that dreadful day in the kitchen, right before I went out with Dave.
 My mom smiled, “Krystal is going to be a great mom one day.” I had to smile at that. It was true and the least embarrassing thing she had said all night.
 “Yeah, she’s awesome, and you don’t have to talk about this with me it’s been covered.” 
“I guess so, just be careful.”
 “Mom, thanks, I love you for trying but you have nothing to worry about.” 
“You are just so…” she said with a shake to her voice. I hoped she wasn’t go to get all motherly and cry because I was ‘growing up’.
 “Oh mom, don’t cry.” I said knowing me being an adult was scaring her more than it was scaring me. I pulled her in for a hug.
“You know you are going to college next year.” She said. How could I forget that?  
“I know that, mom, but I won’t be far, Philly is like forty five minutes away.” I said hoping to cheer her up. 
“Maybe you could live at home then?” She said a lot more cheerfully than she looked.
 “No, mom we talked about this I want the whole college experience.” She looked like a hurt child. Sometimes it really did seem like Aunt Krystal was the older sister. “I love you, mom, good night, I have work tomorrow.” She nodded and let me go without another word.
I went to my room and had to call Jesse, I mean what happened to me was insane, right? “You aren’t sick of me yet?” He said jokingly.
 “Nice way to answer the phone.” I replied.
“What’s up?” 
“You are never going to believe what my mom just did.” I said plopping onto my bed. 
“What?”
 “She gave me ‘the talk’…it was so painful.” All Jesse could do was laugh, seriously, he was practically howling with laughter.
 “What did she say?” He said finally ending the long bout of laughter. 
“Oh you know, I get that you are in love but if he really loves you he will wait until marriage and you are too handsome to be a virgin etc.”
 “She thinks I’m going to deflower her daughter?” he said starting to laugh all over again.
 “Hey that’s my mom.” I said defensively. 
 “At least she thinks I’m handsome.” Jesse said and I instantly knew he was smiling. 
“You know I thought it was awkward when Krystal talked to me but it is so much worse when you actually have a boyfriend they expect you to do stuff with.”
 “Krystal, gave you the talk too?” He could not hide his amusement. 
“Yeah, but she made it sound like she was giving a class not like ‘the talk’ you know what I mean?”
 “No, not really I never got the talk.” Jesse said the laughter finally subsiding.
 “Lucky! If you really want I can get my mom to give you one.”
 “I think I’ll pass on that. Besides they would be too late.”
 That’s the first time he actually admitted he wasn’t a virgin to me and can I tell you I didn’t want to talk anymore. All I could muster was an “Oh.” 
Of course he noticed that, “Ren, you knew that.”
 “I know but…” I trailed off not really finishing what I was saying or knowing where I was going. In Jesse’s words I had run back into my shell with the mention of his past, a past I was fully and begrudgingly aware of.
“I told you it doesn’t matter I’ll never pressure you and… and…” 
“And what?” I said annoyed that he was looking for something to say.
 “With you it will be different; I promise I will wait the next century if that’s what you want.” He said.
 “Liar.”
 “I’m not a liar.” Jesse said his happy mood returning.
 I laughed, “You are a liar but thanks.”
 “I wish you’d believed me every time I say that but I guess you’re just a little dense.”
 “I’m not dense and I believe you I guess it’s just hard when you…” 
“Forget about it. All that matters is you.” He said firmly. It must have soothed me because our conversation was a lot happier afterwards and we hung up a few minutes later and I went to bed. 
Is it weird to think that recurring dreams have a mind of their own, because I think mine do. I woke up around five after having a dream I hadn’t had in two weeks. I thought it was over and then my mom mentions sex and then I see Caitlin with my boyfriend again. I need help! I think there is something seriously wrong with me. Why would I dream that if I was normal? 
Anyways, it’s Monday and I’m still tired. Great! Jesse picked me up as per our usual arrangement, “Geez are you waking up with the sun?”
 “Thanks Jess, that’s exactly what I want you to say to me first thing in the morning.” I grumbled sliding into his dark sedan’s passenger seat. 
“You just look so tired.” He said worridly. 
 “I am.” I complained.
“Why?”
 “I had the dream again.” 
“The grave one?”
 I nodded, “It was just probably because of the conversation we had.”  
“I guess,” Jesse replied not reassuringly.
“But now I feel like the walking dead.”
 “You’re still beautiful, baby.” Jesse said as he kissed my cheek and took off.



 Chapter 15: Prep
I got to work finding it just as chaotic as I left it last week. “Good to see you back.” Joe said as I took a seat at my tiny desk. “So there was nothing interesting about this weekend but we have been trying to I.D. this guy.”
 “Any leads?” I asked genuinely curious.
 “Not one with a criminal record.”
 “Has Missy given you anything else?”
 “No, she doesn’t remember much. We showed her the criminal photos, no match.”
 I nodded, “Anything specific you want me to do today?” 
“Man the phones, you seem to be the lucky one with that…oh hold my calls. I have a meeting with the Philly P.D. today.”
 “Yes, sir.” I said as I switched my phone lines and waited… and waited.  It was an uneventful day. No one of interest called and no one with an ounce of sanity seemed to call either.
I left and visited The Scoop after work. Jesse was working but his mom wasn’t there. Apparently Missy was being released today. “Do you have to go to the Rollins’ house tonight?” I asked sitting at the counter watching Jesse prep to leave.
 “Sort of, we are going over there for dinner, want to come?” 
“No, I don’t think Missy would like that.” 
 “Chris is coming.” Jesse offered.
 “Yeah but she doesn’t hate Chris.” I retorted.
 “She could.” Jesse added, I looked at him oddly. “You know if he was the one that…”
 “On second thought…has she met Chris?” 
“At The Scoop.”
 “I’ll go.”
 “Great, want to change?” 
“Yes,” I said standing to walk with Jesse out of the diner. 
We pulled up to my house, “Are you coming in?” I asked while Jesse was still sitting in his car. 
“Yeah,” Jesse said finally getting out. 
“My mom will think you don’t like her if you don’t go in.” I said grabbing his arm. I walked upstairs leaving Jesse alone. I quickly found a summer dress to wear and some new strappy sandals. I walked downstairs to see Jesse still alone. “You see my parents?”
 “Nope, I called and nothing.” Jesse said with that mischievous smile of his making my heart pound with joy and excitement.
 “Weird, I wonder where they are?” I asked actually interested in where they were.
 “I don’t know. You look great.” Jesse said pulling me towards him, and kissing me so gently I barely felt his lips brush mine. 
“Ready?” I nodded recovering from that tender moment that had just passed by so quickly. “Great,” Jesse said as he grabbed my hand and we headed for the door. “I have to change but then it’s off to dinner.” I nodded and for the first time I was nervous about what was going to happen. 
We went to Jesse’s house for him to change next. “Mom? Dad?” Jesse shouted as we walked into the house, “No answer they probably already left.” Jesse said gesturing for me to go to his room.
 “You know you are going to get me in trouble one day.” I said following him to his room, without a second thought.
 “That’s the plan.” He said closing the door behind him as we were both in his room.
“Go get changed.” I said shoving his hands away from my waist. 
“Fine,” Jesse said walking to his closet. I saw him pull his shirt off and throw it into a nearby basket. Damn, even his back was sexy. I felt my cheeks burning with embarrassment so I turned and walked towards his windows. He had a great view from his room. I assumed his bedroom was above the kitchen because there was a small pond near the kitchen that you could see perfectly from Jesse’s bedroom. It was the cutest accent to the outside yard, I always enjoyed just watching the small fountain spew water and see the brightly colored fish swimming around without a care in the world. 
I heard Jesse leave his closet and walk to his bathroom to change. Jesse was wearing jeans and a polo, and that wasn’t hiding the rippling biceps I wanted to hold. “How do I look?”
 “Like we shouldn’t be alone here.” I said trying to stop being that horny teenager again. We left for the party shortly after completely behaving ourselves. 
We pulled up to the Rollins house there were multiple cars in the driveway and on the street. “Geez, is this a party?” I said getting out of Jesse’s car.
 “It looks that way.” Jesse said grabbing my hand as we went into the house.  
It certainly was a party. I hadn’t seen that many people in one place since Junior Prom. We started looking for Jesse’s parents and sister as soon as we got there. Everyone there looked to be around Missy’s age probably friends from school. We wrangled through the crowd and even grabbed sodas as we made our way towards the Harris’s. Jen and Chris were deep in conversation with Missy and a guy that looked oddly like Chris, so we started talking to Jesse’s parents. 
“Rena, I didn’t know Jesse was bringing you. That’s a lovely dress, sweetheart.”
 “Thanks Mrs. Harris, so how is Missy?” I asked not really being as charming as I should have been. 
“She’s good, feeling a lot better. She seemed happy today when Wesley arrived.”
 “Wesley?” Jesse asked confused and then looking at the guy beside Missy recognition dawned on his handsome features.
 “Well Jess, did you know they got back together?” Mrs. Harris said leaning closer to us as she said it. 
“Linda…” Jesse’s father said as he heard her start to gossip.
 “Oh shush.” She said as she turned her back to us. 
“I thought they broke up in the beginning of the year?” Jesse said keeping his mom focused on the story.
 “Yeah, but here he is and they have been inseparable all day.” She said with a smile.
 “Is that Wesley?” I asked looking at the guy beside Missy.
 “Yeah,” All three Harris’s replied in unison. 
“Is he from around here?” I asked not really being able to remember him from anywhere. 
“He graduated the year before he goes to school in Philly.” Jesse said taking a sip of his soda as he said it and his mother agreed. 
“I think we should say hi,” I said pulling Jesse’s arm, closer to them. 
“Why?” Jesse asked confused. 
“They look alike.” I whispered.
 “Who?” he said not catching my drift.
 “Chris and Wes.”
 “Yeah, so?” He said still completely dense to what I was saying.
“Maybe it’s Wes. How long has he been in town?” I asked trying to think of seeing him around and failing miserably. 
“Do you think he could have been the one….” I nodded. We walked over and said our hellos. Missy for once did not seem as hostile towards me as she normally was. The six of us chatted quickly. I absorbed every detail I could about Wesley Strom, a freshmen at Temple, still suspicious. He had the same eyes as Chris as well as the same complexion. I was hoping it was just a coincidence and Philadelphia wasn’t cloning its college guys or something. 
Jesse and I walked away looking for somewhere to talk, we went to the kitchen, “So what do you think about him?”  I asked leaning against the granite countertop. 
“He’s less suspicious than…” 
“Yeah, but he fits all the characteristics too and he has a motive to attack…you know.” 
“Yeah, that is a little more suspicious. I wonder why he’s only been home for the last week.”
 “Yeah me too,” I said thinking about what we knew about Wes. The blue eyed stranger that just magically appeared in town to sweep Missy back off her feet. Jen walked into the kitchen.
 “Hey guys, they started serving dinner.” Jen said her expression, glum and a little too sad for a party.
 “Something wrong, Jen?” I asked walking towards her. She was obviously in distress.
 “No…it’s…I’m just being emotional.” She said shrugging it off.
 “You can talk to us.” Jesse said walking closer to his sister and giving her a reassuring shoulder squeeze.
 “Well this whole killer thing has been freaking me out. I feel like he’s waiting for me.” Jen said with a sad chuckle following her remark. My heart was breaking, just thinking about everything she must have on her mind. It was a wonder she wasn’t locked away in her room, waiting for them to find the guy that was murdering her friends.
“Jen, nothing is going to happen to you.” Jesse said reaching over and hugging her.
 “Chris thinks I’m paranoid, but am I really when four of my sorority sisters were killed and a family friend was attacked.” She said looking at Jesse with glassy eyes. She was barely holding up the strong façade she had been trying to hold up for the last few weeks.
“No, I think you have every right to be scared, hell, I’m scared.” I said stepping closer to her.
 “So have you guys gotten a suspect?” She asked after letting go of Jesse’s embrace. 
“Nothing yet, it’s been a hard case to crack.” I said hoping I wasn’t saying too much. 
“Yeah, I bet,” was what she replied back when Chris walked into the room.
 “There you are.” He said a look of relief covering his usually blank face. 
“Yeah, we were just talking about the murders.” I said knowing it was a bad idea but wanting to see his reaction. 
“Jen, you are going to scare them if you keep talking about how you think you’re next.” Chris admonished as he put a hand around her waist and kissed her forehead. He authentically looked worried about Jen’s well being.  
 “She has a point.” I said stepping closer to Jen. “She’s right. Why is everything happening around her? I feel like he might be playing with her.” Jen let out a little whimper. I wanted to stop but this was probably the only chance I would get to see Chris’ reaction to Jen’s worries.
“You can’t be serious?” Chris said looking at Jesse for some backup. 
“Ren, let up, you’re scaring Jen.” Jesse said walking towards me.
 “It’s just interesting that’s all.” I said and turned around to grab my soda. 
Jen and Chris walked out without another word. I knew I had gotten to Chris, he was mad, but I couldn’t think about that when Jen was so scared.
 Chapter 16: Stories
 “What was that?” Jesse hissed at me when the room cleared. 
“What? I wanted to see what he thought.” I said defensively. 
“Do you have a death wish?” he retorted irately.
“No, I don’t.” I snapped back angrily.
 “Well, why would you mess with him, he’s killed people.” Jesse said closer to me so no one would overhear. 
“It was the only way to see…” I stopped talking when I noticed Jesse’s furious glare. “Fine, I’m done.” I said, raising my hands in surrender. I backed out of the kitchen and into the massive crowd. Jesse quickly grabbed my arm and pulled me to the side.
 “Like hell you are leaving my sight after that.” I sighed and we walked to the buffet table now filled with food. 
“Hi guys,” I heard her but Jesse didn’t.
 “Hey Whit, are you here with Dave?” I said as merrily as I could muster.
 “Yeah, I’ve known Missy awhile.” I nodded, while she stood beside me and started to put food on her plate. 
“How’s everything been?” I asked hoping she still liked me and wasn’t just waiting for the right moment to punch me.
 “Oh it’s been good,” she said still focusing on her plate. “Can I talk to you without Jesse?” She said and actually looked at me when she said it. I was shocked and instantly in fear of what she planned on telling me. 
“Sure, just give me a sec.” I turned to Jess and whispered that Whit wanted to talk to me about what happened, and he walked off without a word looking for Dave, probably, hopefully.
We finished adding large quantities of food to our plates and we walked back to the still deserted kitchen. 
“So what’s up?” I asked praying I was wrong, I wish.  
“So Dave told me what happened on Friday.” I gulped trying to push down the piece of chicken now lodged in my throat. It worked and stalled Whitney for a few moments. 
“What did he say?” I asked hoping to sound nonchalant.
“You guys kissed, actually he kissed you.” I really didn’t want to be having this conversation again. 
“Whit, it was an accident. He was confused but he knows better now.” I said hoping something I said would reach her. She didn’t even seem angry; she seemed hurt. 
“I trusted you both.” She whispered, clearly still upset by what happened.
 “I know I pushed him away when he did it and I told him he should tell you.”
 “Yeah, he told me that too.” She whispered back. 
“He loves you.” I said, trying to put conviction in those words for Dave and my sakes.
“Really? Because if he did he wouldn’t be kissing you.” Whitney said a bit heatedly.
 I moved towards her hoping she wouldn’t punch me when I did it. “He didn’t know what he was feeling. Dave’s not the greatest with girls.”
 “Then how does he get along so well with you and tell you all this stuff.” I noticed the jabs she verbally took at me but she was hurting I let it slide. 
 “I’m his best friend, he doesn’t think of me as some girl and you are different and he doesn’t want to mess that up.” I said almost pleadingly. 
 “Well that’s too late.” She said coolly.
 “Whitney, he’s sorry, more than you can even imagine.”
 “Why did he do it?”
 “I don’t know but it was just a lapse in judgment that he will gladly try and make up for.” I said with a reassuring smile.
 “You guys are too close.” She said a small smile on her face.
 “I’m sorry.” I said confused.
 “No, it’s not that bad. I just feel like one day you two are going to realize how much better you are together.” She said avoiding my gaze as she said it.
 “Believe me that will never happen.” I said firmly.
 “Why is that?” She asked legitimate curiosity showing.
 “Because we tried that before believe me we are much better only as friends.”
 “Okay, and you’re still with Jesse?” she asked hopefully.
 “Yes, we are together and even if we weren’t I would never go after Dave, especially if you were still dating him.” 
“Thanks, I actually feel better. Maybe I should forgive him.” She said with a small smile.
 “You should.” I said not helping myself but laughing. 
We walked back into the party looking for our respective others talking in a corner. “And how was the girl talk?” Jesse said with a knowing smirk.
 “Good,” I replied as he pulled me towards him by my waist. 
“What about you two?” I asked knowing it was the first time they had talked since Dave had kissed me. 
“Nothing serious, just how you really do the stupidest things sometimes.” Dave added with a chuckle. 
“You told him?” I said feeling a little hurt.
 “Of course. You have a death wish.” Jesse said seriously. 
“Ren, what you are doing is stupid, you need to leave it alone.” I rolled my eyes, it was signature David material. Whitney was looking at us confused.
“Whit, how about you and Dave talk.” I said simply and she seemed happier by that and pulled him off.
“Why did you tell him?” I asked upset.
 “Because you are being stupid. What did she want to know?” 
“She wanted to know what happened you know,” I said not wanting to bring it up again. 
“When I found Dave, he looked afraid to see me like I was going to hurt him.” Jesse said with a devilish smile.
 “Did you?” I said worried about what his answer might be.
“No, I get it this time, but I don’t want it happening again.” He said with a shrug.
 “Agreed,” I said. “You really are too good for me.” I added absently.
 “Why do you think that?” He said amused by my statement, if the closed mouth grin, he was showing was any indication.
 “Oh never mind, it’s not important.” He smiled, it’s hard to defend yourself against that smile I thought not even wanting to take my eyes off his handsome features. “You forgive me, protect me, trust me, and never think I’m crazy.” I said helplessly smiling, he touched my cheek.
 “Glad to know you think so highly of me,” he said as he kissed my cheek.
~~~
“So I haven’t been able to find Chris and Jen.” I said walking up to Jesse as the party was getting close to ending. 
“They left.” Jesse said with an uncaring shrug.
 “And you couldn’t tell me that?” I said in disbelief.
 “I didn’t know that’s what you were doing.” I pushed him, but he didn’t even budge. It was like trying to move a brick wall.
“When did they leave?”
 “About twenty minutes ago.” He said, still too casual for my liking.
 “Where?” 
“Home. Jen said she wasn’t feeling well.” I nodded, she was having a hard time with everything and Chris didn’t seem like the most sympathetic boyfriend. How could he be when he was a cold blooded murderer? 
 “So what did you learn about Wes?” I asked leaning in closer, to my boyfriend.
 “Nothing interesting, he doesn’t even go to school with Jen or the other school.”
 “So he’s not looking like a good suspect anymore?” 
“Not really, but he does have a lot of motive towards Missy. They just got back together while she was in the hospital.” 
“Lucky him.”
 “Yeah.” Jesse added drily.
 “Are you jealous?” I asked a little surprised.
 “No, just suspicious.”
 “You know you are starting to sound like me.” I said taking his hand and walking towards his parents. We said our ceremonious goodbyes to everyone and left. 
“I think we should try to hang around Jen more.” I said as we got into the car.
 “Why?”
 “I’m worried about her. She’s really taking this hard, Jess.” I said looking at him, hoping he was gauging my sincerity.
“This has nothing to do with Chris?” He inquired.
“No, she’s not safe but more importantly, she’s hurting.”
 “How about we get dinner together tomorrow?” I asked hoping he’d be on board with my idea.
 “Yeah, she really wants to hang out with her little brother and his girlfriend.
“Jess, just ask.” I said grabbing his hand, hoping to further persuade him but I didn’t seem to have the same persuasion he had over me. 
“We need to watch out for her.” Jess nodded in agreement as we pulled up to my house. “See you tomorrow.” I said kissing him quickly before getting out of the car. 
“Mom, Dad?” It was eleven maybe they were asleep already. I looked outside their car was there. I went to bed without a word from either of them.
~~~
Work was as uneventful as before. Apparently the police had hit a dead end with the case, nothing was working out. They didn’t even have any suspects. It looked like Joe wasn’t divulging the fact that he was snooping on Chris until he was absolutely certain. “Want to make a coffee run with me?” Joe asked during the middle of the day. 
“Sure,” I said grabbing my purse and following him. 
“So are you close with Jen Harris?” He asked in attempted coolness. Attempted being the important word.
 “Why?” I said confused. Joe just looked at me and waited for me to continue. “She’s Jesse’s sister I see her but we aren’t best friends.” 
“Is her boyfriend still in town?” He continued cutting the pretense and asking the questions like the cop he was. He had a detached aggression when he was in interrogation mode that only worked for someone like Joseph Vasquez.
“Yeah, I think he was staying another week because he was worried about Jen.”
 “How is she doing?” He asked a touch of caring entering into his tone.
 “Been better. She’s taking the deaths hard.”
 “Have you seen Melissa?” 
“Yeah, she seems better.” 
“That’s good to hear.” Joe said and then went quiet. It was weird. He didn’t say anything else until we got back to the police station. “Have a good day, kid,” he said as he sauntered back into his office, with a cup of coffee in hand already improving his mood exponentially. 
Chapter 17: Errands?
Work continued as uneventful as the rest of the day. I walked over to The Scoop to find Jen pulling a shift herself. “Wow, they have you working now?” 
“Yeah, covering for Missy.” Jen said cleaning the countertop. 
“Where’s Chris?” I said taking up my usual stool at the counter.
“Had to run some errands in Philly.” She said casually while continuing her task. 
“Is he coming back?”
 “Yeah, tomorrow.” Jen said.
 “Well, I think a girl’s night might be in order.”
 “That’s sweet, Ren, but you don’t have to.” I sighed. This was going to be harder than I thought.
 “At least go to the mall with me and Jesse.” I said sipping the diet coke, Jen put in front of me.
 “Stay busy don’t wallow at home.” I tried.
She smiled, “If you guys don’t mind me tagging along.”
 “It’s no problem.” I said as Jesse came over and kissed my forehead and went behind the counter. 
“How long do you guys need?”
 “Guys?” Jesse said confused.
 “The three of us are going to the mall today.” I said with a smile. 
“Oh,” Jesse said curtly. “Ten minutes.”
 “I can do that too.” Jen said when she came out of the kitchen. 
“Great.” I said happily.
We left after and can I tell you it was an awkwardly silent ride to the mall.  Once we got there it seemed to get better. We grabbed smoothies and headed for a department store. “So are you shopping for anything in particular, Ren?”  Jen asked as she walked beside me and Jesse.
“A new wardrobe for my senior year might be in order.” I said hoping she might buy the excuse. 
“You know I would have helped you.” Jess said grabbing my hand as we entered the juniors department. 
“Yeah, but your help includes ‘you look hot’ and ‘that’s ugly’ there is a wide range that you are missing.” I said.
 “Sometimes a girl just needs another girl’s opinion.” Jen said with satisfaction.
 “Exactly.” I said as we started looking through racks of clothing. Jen had pulled out a few things and so had I. 
We walked over to the dressing rooms. “You know guys this is really sweet.” Jen said as she handed me the multiple outfits she had picked out. 
“What is?” I asked as I grabbed a number from the dressing room lady. The three of us walked into the back well not Jesse they stopped him. “I’ll show you if Jen likes it.” I said as I kissed him and walked towards an open room. 
“I know you guys are just trying to keep me busy so I don’t think about all the bad stuff that’s been happening. Did Chris put you up to this?” I wanted to laugh, yeah like Chris actually cared. 
“No, Jesse and I have just been worried about you. It’s got to be hard to deal with everything you’ve been through.” I closed the door behind me and started trying on the first outfit. It was a little too snug.
“So since it’s just us, how the hell did you guys hook up?” Jen asked after I came out in the second outfit. Her face was curious and happy. She hadn’t looked happy in a while. I felt reassured that Jesse and I were doing the right thing by keeping her busy.
“Really long story. I don’t want to bore you.” I said as I looked in the mirror, she shook her head and I headed back into the tiny dressing room for another change. 
 “Well give me the juicy stuff.” She pushed.
“We were friends, I had a really bad fight with Cait.  We became good friends. Cait was pissed. She turned out to be insane and we just kind of fell into place in between that.” 
 “Geez…I couldn’t believe what happened when my mom was telling it to me.” Jen said, “What happened to this town?” She asked.
 “I don’t know I think it was just a weird year. So what about you? Tell me about you and Chris’s first date.”
 “Oh god!” Jen said with a laugh. “I don’t know if you want to hear such a boring story.”
 “Of course I do.” I said as I came out in a flowery dress. 
“I like that.” Jen said.
 “Great, be back in a sec and you can tell me the story.” She nodded and I walked over to where Jesse was patiently waiting. “What do you think?”
 “To not sound like myself…I like it.” He said coolly. I smiled on his face as he liked back in the husband seats in front of the dressing room.
 “Good,” I said as I kissed his cheek.
 “How many more?” He complained.
“A couple.” I said coyly.
“You know this is less fun when Jen is picking out your clothes.” He grumbled.
 “Oh relax, we are almost done.” I said as I walked back into the dressing rooms. 
“I think this is a keeper.” I said before I walked back into my dressing room.
 “So do you still want to hear that story?” Jen said, after a long silence.
 “Yes, go ahead.”
 “Well, Chris is not my normal type but there was just something about him I liked. When he asked me out I was so excited. I have to say it was a really weird date though.”
 “This is going to be good.” I said as I tried to slide into a barely there jean skirt Jen had picked out. 
“Yeah, he’s part of the AV club and well all those computer problems and stuff all go to him. Since he’s like one of the top tech guys, he gets the key to the AV room which happens to be in the basement of the library. So on our first date he set up a romantic dinner down there and he set up a projector and we watched a movie. Sweet, right?”
 “Sweet, but a basement?” I said already not liking this outfit. 
I walked out and was given an instant thumbs down on the outfit. I walked back into the dressing room. “Yeah, it was weird and it really wasn’t the most romantic looking place. It kind of looked like dungeon and it didn’t smell the best, kind of moldy like no one ever goes down there.”
 “I’m hoping your second date went a little better.” I said casually.
 “It was more traditional, went to a concert.” She replied happily.
 “Sounds like fun.” 
“Yeah, that was a lot better, I told him how much the basement creeped me out so he never took me back.” 
“Sounds like a good boyfriend.” I said as I tried on the last outfit, a frilly skirt and plain short sleeve top. “What do you think?”
 “I like that too.”
 “I think Jesse will too.” I said as I walked towards him.
 “That one’s my favorite.” Jess said as he walked towards us.
 “Good it’s the last one.” I said as I went back to change. 
I bought four outfits and then we decided food was in order. For everything that happened Jen wasn’t bad company to have around. 
Besides their looks, Jen and Jesse were obviously related. They always went from serious to joking in a matter of seconds, and could never hide their laughter. I really hoped I was wrong about Chris, because frankly Jen didn’t deserve the hurt. When does a person suffer too much? Because I think Jen had filled her quota for a lifetime. She only deserved sunshine and rainbows from here on.
I was dropped off first since they lived together I got that, I was just a little regretful that I didn’t get to spend any alone time with Jesse. I walked into the house shopping bags in hand. “Hey sweetie, what’s that?” 
“Went shopping with Jen, school clothes.” I said as I started lugging the bags to my room. 
“Hungry?” My mom shouted after I entered my room.
 “No, just ate.” I called out.
“Okay,” she shouted back and went back to the book she was reading. “Oh one more thing, Krystal called, she misses you give her a call when you get a chance.”
 “Sure thing, mom.” I said as I started hanging the brand new purchases in my still messy closet. 
When I finished cleaning up a little I thought it was time to give my favorite aunt some necessary love, after all it was weird not having her around all the time. “Hi, Aunt Krys.”
 “Rena, I’ve missed you so much!” She said enthusiastically into the phone.
 “Me too, you guys are coming back this week right?”
 “Yup Sunday, I’m dying to see everyone.”
 “Yeah, I feel like it’s been forever since I saw you.”
 “So I have news?” She said barely suppressing her excitement.
“What?” I asked my interest becoming heightened.
 “Todd proposed!” she screeched into the phone. 
“Oh my god already?” I said stunned. Seriously I had every reason to be shocked. I had been seeing Jesse longer than they had been together yet they were getting married. 
“We plan on at least a year long engagement, but I’d really like for you to be my Maid of Honor, sweetie.”
 “Me?” I said stunned.
 “Yeah, your mom, never thought she would be young enough for something like that and she insists and I do too that you are the perfect option.”
 “You’re like my daughter and I couldn’t go through such a big day without you.” I started to cry and from Krystal’s voice she was too.
 “I love you, Krys, and I’d love to be your Maid of Honor.” She screamed into the phone, it was so Krystal to make me deaf through a phone call. 
“We are going to start preparing when we get home.” She added blissfully.
“Okay,” I said with a chuckle.
 “So how have your parents been?” She asked, changing from blissful to calm in the blink of an eye.
 “Extremely normal.” I groaned. 
She laughed, “Isn’t that a good thing?”
 “No, I miss my kick butt always fighting crime parents, when they aren’t working they are so normal.”
 “I’m guessing everything is good then?” She said not hiding the chuckle.
 “Yeah, great.”
 “Jesse? Dave and Whitney?”
 “They are all good, me and Jess had some problems but we are good now.”
 “That’s good, your mother was telling me that she thought you two broke up. I was ready to swim back to you.” She said sounding a lot more serious all of a sudden.
 “Thanks, Aunt Krys but it wasn’t serious, we worked it out later that day.” I said smiling at her caring words. It was so like Krystal to say or even think something like that.
 “What happened?” 
“I was just being a little jealous.” I said not really wanting to tell her the full story and how I had conveniently gotten involved in another murder case. 
“I’m really happy now, Ren, I know it seems like we are rushing things but I’ve never been this happy.”
 “I can tell Todd is a great guy and you deserve to have your own family.”
 “Thanks, Sweetie.” She said sounding like she was on the verge of crying again.
 “And it sucks things will change but I’m only home for one more year so it’s kind of perfect. You will have that perfect life you always wanted.”
 “Aw, Ren, you know I’m going to miss you when you are away at school?”
 “Yeah, I’m going to miss you too.” 
We ended our call shortly after and I had to tell my mom the good news about being Krystal’s Maid of Honor. She knew of course, and was thrilled that I had accepted Krystal’s offer. After another few moments of chatting with my mom and possible wedding ideas, I needed to catch some shut eye. 
In my room for the first time thinking about everything, I was scared. How did everything change so fast? I was about to share the only person I never really had to, Krystal was actually doing her own thing and I was going to miss her. I thought about her upcoming nuptials till I fell asleep, but at least there weren’t any other weird dreams, invading this happy time. 
“She’s getting married.” I said as I got into Jesse’s Toyota to head to work. 
“Who?” 
“Krystal. Todd proposed on the cruise.” 
“Wow, how long have they been together?”
 “Three months.” 
“Three months?” Jesse was a little surprised.
 “They are planning a long engagement and get this Krys wants me to be her Maid of Honor.” 
“That’s great, Ren.”
 “What’s wrong?” I asked looking at Jesse’s tired appearance for the first time.
 “Nothing’s wrong just Jen was upset last night.”
 “Why?” I asked worried something had happened.
 “Her and Chris had a huge fight, she didn’t tell me much about it but she was up crying a while.”
 “That sucks, you think they broke up?”
 “I have no clue, my mom was staying home with her this morning maybe she’ll talk to her.” 
“Hopefully.” I said as we pulled up to the front of the police station. I thought it over. If they broke up that meant Jen wasn’t on his radar anymore. Maybe he would stay in Philly and not leave anymore dead bodies in Walterville.
“I’ll see you later.” I said as I give him a hug and kissed him quickly before I walked into the police station.  
“Hey Susan,” I said as I sat at my desk and started cleaning up a little. 
“Hey sweetie, you seem happy.” Susan added with a friendly smile.
“Having a good day for once.” I said with a smile, I couldn’t hide. After all the bad crap that was happening and even if everyone wasn’t as happy as me I couldn’t help but be happy today. Krystal was getting married. Jen was free of Chris and it was going to be a slow day.
“Good Morning, Walterville Police.” I said answering the phone on my desk.
 “She’s missing.” A frantic voice sobbed into the phone.
 “Okay Miss, who is missing and how long has she been missing?” I said putting on my serious voice. 
“This is Ann Rollins, my daughter Melissa is missing. She hasn’t come home.”
 “When did she leave?” I asked pulling out a pad of paper and a pen.
 “Last night around nine with her boyfriend, Wesley.” 
“Okay, Mrs. Rollins we will be having a set officers over there immediately to look for any clues. Do you have Wesley’s address?” 
 “Yes, 409 Clearview Street.”
 “Mrs. Rollins, do you know if your daughter just spent the night at Wesley’s?” I asked, thinking it was a seemingly innocuous question. Boy, did I regret that.
 “Have you met my daughter? She is a woman of value.” Blah. Blah. Blah. Morals. Blah. Blah. Blah. 
“I was just asking a necessary question, Mrs. Rollins, why do you believe she is missing?” I said quickly cutting short her rant on values.
 “She was supposed to start work three hours ago and she hasn’t shown and she didn’t call. It’s not like her.”
 “Okay Mrs. Rollins expect a police car there in a few, if not call back.” I said as I hung up the phone. 
I walked to Joe’s office. “Mrs. Rollins called, she believes Melissa is missing.”
 “How long?” He asked jumping up from his desk.
 “Twelve hours.”
 “Last person she was with?”
 “Wesley, her boyfriend. Lieutenant before you start the man hunt…” I said following him out of his room, he was taking this seriously. “I think she may have just spent the night at her boyfriend’s house and she is oversleeping and hasn’t gotten to work yet.” 
Joe stopped and, “Why do you say that?” He said with a smile.
 “Because she went on a date with her boyfriend last night, it’s only been twelve hours and her mother made the call because she hasn’t showed up to work yet. I’m almost positive she’s at his apartment on 409 Clearview street, probably sleeping.”
 “That’s some very good detective work, Miss Solis, how about we check out the apartment.” He said and stopped, “Watts take another officer over to talk to Mrs. Rollins.”
 “Really? I can come along?” I said happily.
“Well you pretty much did our job for us, why not?” Joe said as he ushered me towards his patrol car.

 Chapter 18: Ran Cold
We pulled up to the apartment building of Missy’s boyfriend.  It was Joe, me, and two other cops. The two cops went in first and knocked on the door. There was no answer.  They kicked it in, honestly I didn’t believe cops actually did that, but it was pretty impressive to watch. We walked into the apartment all guns drawn. The two cops walked into another room and Joe and I checked the living room and dining room area. 
“Vasquez,” the cop in another room called, “You might want to get her out of here.” Joe took one look and turned to me sternly. 
“Go to the car and call for an ambulance and backup.” Now I was officially scared. What were they seeing?
 “What is it?” I said not wanting to leave without a fight. 
“They’re dead.” He said stoically.  
“What…but…” The words hit me like a train. They couldn’t be I had seen them a few days ago. They were happy and alive!
 “Please go to the car, the killer could still be here.” He said it as he started pulling my arm towards the door and to the car. “Do not leave this car.” Joe said firmly before he went back into the apartment. 
“Dead… them?” I was really scared now. My blood ran cold just thinking about how horrific that room looked. Now I was absolutely certain it was Chris. This guy was a lot more dangerous than we were giving him credit for. I just didn’t know how to prove it. I aimlessly called for backup and ambulances that came rushing in several minutes later. I told them there was a possible double homicide and to check the bodies, to make sure. 
After realizing how pointless it was to call the ambulance I called for the crime scene people. In a small town, we don’t have all that CSI stuff, we mostly have a photographer, a coroner, and evidence guy to take all the necessary evidence. They showed up quickly. There hadn’t been much going on for them, so this was their time to shine. I sat in the car following Joe’s wishes until he came downstairs again. “Both dead, both marked.” Joe said his voice sounding frustrated. 
“The Sorority Killer?” I said, hardly believing my own ears.
“I guess he came to finish the job.” He said belligerently. He was mad he hadn’t caught the killer before this. 
 “Joe, I really think it’s Chris.” I said getting back to what I had been thinking about for the last hour.
 “Jen’s boyfriend?” 
“He knew all the victims and he mysteriously had business in Philadelphia yesterday and said he wasn’t coming back until today.”
 “That’s all circumstantial.” He said waving me off. 
 “His computer password is puzzle.”
 “Suspicious, but not good enough.” He said paying closer attention to what I was saying but still not fully convinced.
 “He doesn’t have a Facebook and I can’t find anything on him. Who doesn’t have a virtual trail these days?” 
“I ran a background check, he’s clear.”
 “But…” I said disheartened by his statement. Were my screaming instincts really wrong?
“Leave it alone, Rena. This isn’t your case.” He was getting annoyed.
 “I’m sorry I thought I was helping.” I said feeling really stupid all of a sudden. 
“It was a bad scene. I’m having Liu take you to the station.” He said still visibly upset by what he had seen. 
 “But I want to…” I said trailing off when I noticed his glare.
“No, you are leaving. Crime scenes are not part of your job description.” 
“Joe, I’m a part of this case. I know more than most of your cops on this.” I said to no avail. He wasn’t listening anymore.
 “Your sixteen, it doesn’t matter.” And just like that he sent me away. He sent me away from everything. I had worked so hard at figuring out it was Chris that I must have missed clues to the actual killer. I said backpedaling in my head. Joe must have had a better suspect in mind.
“Cheer up, be thankful you didn’t see anything, Watts threw up when he went in.” Liu said trying to cheer me up. It wasn’t helping the longing to have just caught a glimpse of what happened it was clawing at my insides. 
“Thanks Liu, but I should be there.” I said depressed.
 “You know Joe’s right about you, you’re a born detective.”
 “I was wrong.” I said pointing out why we were so underprepared for finding the bodies. 
“But it was good instinct and we found her without a witch hunt.” Liu pointed out. 
“It still would have been the first place we looked.”
 “Rena, your instincts are good, you are just getting ahead of yourself with this one, leave it to Joe and everyone else.” I nodded and got out of the car. 
“Thanks Liu,” I said as I walked into the station to grab my bag. It was a madhouse in there. 
“Philly P.D. is on their way.” Susan said as I walked through the door.
 “To the crime scene?” I asked.
“No here, I didn’t know where the scene was.” She said, frantically moving stuff on her desk.
 “Didn’t you hear the dispatch, Susan?” I said as I wrote down the address for them. 
“Here it is you can call it into them or wait until they get here.” I said as I handed her the post-it. 
“Too late they are here.” Susan was pretty much cowering in a corner. The girl really wasn’t cut out for all this stress. How could she stand working here for the last ten years?
I walked over to meet the officers. “Hello, Detectives, I’m Rena Solis, sorry Susan wasn’t able to give you the address, we just have to call Lt. Vasquez, and get you escorted into the scene.” I said as I picked up the phone on Susan’s desk and called Joe’s cell phone. 
“Solis, my final answer is no.” He growled into the phone.
 “It’s not that. Philly P.D. Give them the address?” 
“Shit…okay.” I hung up and gave them the address to the apartment that was now a crime scene. 
“Do you know anything about the case, Miss Solis?” One of the detectives asked before they left.
 “I’m just a secretary I don’t know much.” He eyed me suspiciously but seemed satisfied by my answer and left. 
“Are you okay, Susan?” I asked when the detectives had left. 
“Oh Rena, you are god sent.”
 “Thanks,” I said as I grabbed my purse for the second time, “I’ll be at The Scoop if you need me for anything, Susan.” I said as I wrote my phone number on another post-it and handed it to her. 
“I think everything will be fine now.” She replied, as she started to pull herself together. I nodded and left. I walked into The Scoop, it was busy and I was early. It was only two. I was going to be here a while. I sat at the counter, Jesse was clearing it off from past customers. He looked swamped I don’t even think he noticed me when I sat down, but his mother did. 
“Rena, you are here early, what brings you by?” she said in her usual cheerfulness.
“Oh big case didn’t need me around when the station was empty.” I said trying to sound casual and not give anything away.
 “Want something to eat?” She said completely unaware of the heartache she soon was going to be in.
 “Sure, burger, diet coke.”
 “Coming right up.” I watched her walk to the kitchen and it hit me. Why was she at The Scoop? 
Jesse walked over with my drink a few minutes later, “Hey babe, off early?”
 I nodded, “Why’s your mom here?”
 “Chris came back she wanted to give them some privacy to work out their issues.” 
“So instead of leaving the room she goes to work, your mom is one of a kind.”
 “Yeah,” Jesse said with a chuckle. 
“So I’m guessing they are back together?” I said starting to get a bad feeling about everything. “Um, Jesse, are they home…alone?”
 “Yeah, why?” He asked not catching my heart stopping train of thought.
“Because I don’t think your sister is safe with the Sorority Killer.” I said leaning forward so no one could hear us.
 “Ren, he hasn’t hurt her yet maybe we are wrong.”
 “Then how do you explain the killing last night, it was his killing.” I said firmly.
 “Puzzle?” I nodded. “Someone died?” Jesse whispered before hurrying to serve an order. 
He returned ten minutes later with my order, “Who?” 
“It was two and let me just say he wasn’t in Philly.”
 “It happened here?” I nodded and simultaneously grabbed his hand.
“It hasn’t been released yet but it was Missy and Wes.” Jesse’s face crumbled, his pain was obvious. I held his hand firmly hoping to think of something to help but failing. “I’m sorry, how about you take a seat, Jess.” 
“Are you sure?” He said still looking heartbroken and in skepticism.
I nodded, “They were identified already but the police are trying to keep it low key.”
 “I have to tell my mom.” He said standing abruptly from the stool.
 “Jess, you can’t.” I said pulling him back to his seat beside me.
 “But…” he said his voice sounding small. He couldn’t believe what was happening. Hell, I barely believed it and I was there. 
“Sit down, get yourself emotionally stable.” I said as he sat beside me.
 “I need to take a walk.” He said standing. 
Like on cue his mother came out of the kitchen, “Jess, what’s going on? You’re getting behind does Rena need to ….” But she stopped talking when she saw his face, “Are you okay, Honey?” She said sounding more like a mother than a boss. 
“I don’t feel good, can I take a break?” he asked meekly.
 “Sure, love, take a half hour and then I want to see how you’re feeling before you go back to work.” She said as she grabbed more of what I assumed were Jesse’s orders and went to the appropriate tables. 
“I need to take a walk.” Jesse said after watching his mother walk away.
 “Jess, talk to me.” I pleaded as I followed him out the door. 
“I can’t. I just need to think. Can you go back in?”
 I looked at him, stunned, “Jess, I’m worried about you. You aren’t fine and you shouldn’t be alone.” I said sprinting to catch up to him. Jesse’s face was emotionless, it felt like a stone wall stood between us. 
He stopped walking, “You just told me my ex-girlfriend is dead.” Jesse said a little too loudly, “I have the right to feel bad, can you just leave me alone!” He said starting to walk faster. I caught up with him. I knew it was stupid to keep pushing him but he was hurting. I walked silently beside him, which he didn’t seem to mind because he slowed down so I didn’t have to run to keep up with him. 
We were standing at a deserted intersection, he grabbed my hand, “Thanks,” was all he whispered before he kissed my cheek. We were walking towards the park, to our bench. We sat down like was tradition. “I just can’t believe it.” He said looking at me the hurt finally showing on his face. I pulled him closer, all I could really do was hug him.
 “Do they know what happened?” he asked after a long span of silence fell between us. 
“I don’t know anything besides they’re dead and they were marked…there was one more thing.” 
“What?” Jesse said a quick glimmer of hope flashing over his eyes.
 “Joe thinks I’m wrong about Chris, he says everything I know isn’t enough and he ran a background check he’s clean, like not even a parking ticket.” Jesse’s hope vanished. 
“So now we have no clue who did this?” Jesse said the pain was subsiding but his frustration was growing. 
“According to Joe, yes but I have a bad feeling about this. I know it’s Chris.”
 “You have a hunch?” Jesse said with a smirk. I nodded. 
“Jess, I think that you should go back to work.” I said standing. 
“Actually if you’re right I think I should…we should go check on Jen.” I looked at him, not really getting a read on his emotions. 
“Okay.” I said suspiciously.
 “So do you think my mom will fall for I’m still sick?” He asked standing up and taking hold of my hand.
 “You don’t look as sick as you did before.” I said hoping it wouldn’t hurt his feelings. 
“Yeah, but I’m sure she’ll believe it she’s a mom.” I nodded and we walked in. 
“Jesse sweetie, how are you feeling?” Mrs. Harris said almost instantly after Jesse went behind the counter. 
“Okay…I don’t know I feel like I got that cold that’s going around.” Jesse said and sniffled for authenticity.
 “Oh honey, go home. Rena, would you mind taking him home?” She said looking at me.
 “No problem Mrs. Harris, I’ll even make him some soup.” I said with an encouraging smile as Jesse started grabbing his things to leave. 
“Oh you are such a sweetheart.”
  “See you later Mrs. Harris.” I said as I stood up.
 “Jess, let Rena drive you. You don’t look well enough to.” He nodded and gave a yes mom as he hugged her. We left shortly after. 
“Do you want to drive?” I said handing him his keys back.
 “Thanks,” He said getting into the driver’s side of his car.
 “Good act, by the way.” I said sliding into the passenger’s side. Jesse sped off towards his house that was relatively close. “Do you think they made up?” I asked when he was parking in his driveway. 
“Let’s hope that’s what we’re walking in on.” He said as he got out of his car quickly and walked to his front door.
“Jen?” Jesse bellowed as he walked into the house’s foyer. “Jen, you here?” There wasn’t a reply Jesse headed upstairs to check her room. I stayed downstairs, not really sure what we were doing. “They’re not here.” Jesse said coming back down the stairs. 
“How about you call her cell?”
 He nodded, and started dialing urgently, “Jen? Where are you?... Why?... When will you be home?... I was curious?... Are you with Chris?... Yeah I know that. Bye” 
“She answered?” I said with a small smile. 
“She’s out with him, they wanted to grab something to eat and see a movie.” Jesse said as he rubbed his temples. 
“Girls are going to be the death of me.” Jesse murmured as he went into the kitchen. 
“You overreacted, it looks like Joe’s right, so relax.” I said as I followed closely behind him. 
“Yeah, I guess that is a good thing. My sister isn’t dating a serial killer.” Jesse said as he searched the fridge for something quick to eat. He pulled out lunchmeat and two cans of sodas. 
“Want a sandwich?” He said as he pulled out some bread from the pantry.
 “You went from angry and frustrated to hungry?” I said suspiciously. 
“Are you okay, Jess?” I said sympathetically as I grabbed a can he pushed towards me. 
“Ren,” he said as he stopped placing layers of meat on bread, “She’s dead? Like she is really dead?” He said his voice shaking with pent up emotion. “I keep trying to not think about it but it’s still true.” I walked over and hugged him.
 “I know this is hard for you, and I’m here for you and so is your family.” I said rubbing his back, hoping it was somewhat soothing.  
“They don’t even know who did it.” Jesse said letting go of my embrace and returning to making his sandwich. 
“I think you need to stop thinking about it for now. I’m sure that he is going to be found soon.” Jesse nodded, and placed the massive sandwich on a plate. 
“Want a slice?” I shook my head and sat beside him at the counter. “You know I’m glad you’re here.” Jesse said in between bites, “I’d be a mess without you.” 
That was always nice to hear from your boyfriend no matter how bad everything else was. We waited until Jesse’s parents came home before I left. After all, he was supposed to be sick. “You look like you are doing a lot better.” Mrs. Harris commented as she saw Jesse lying on the couch. 
“I feel better I guess I was just tired.” He said calmly. 
“Where’s Jen and Chris?”
 “Dinner and a movie.” Jesse mumbled. 
The phone rang and Jesse’s mom was off as quickly as she came. I moved Jesse’s feet so I could sit back on the long sofa. “So Rena, are you staying for dinner?” Mr. Harris said as he sat on the sofa across from us. 
“I wasn’t planning to, Mr. Harris.”
 “No, I insist you spent the day taking care of Jesse it’s the least we can do and remember it’s Tom.”  I always remembered that he preferred I call him Tom I just thought it was so weird. I still called Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Harris.
 “Okay, let me just call my mother.” I said standing up and walking into the next room.
But, there was a loud crash in the kitchen everyone ran in to see what happened. Mrs. Harris was a crying heap. The dish she was holding had smashed on the floor and she was clinging to the hung up phone. The echoing inside the phone and sobs were hard to ignore. Tom was there in seconds, asking what was wrong and if she injured herself, the normal questions. Jesse and I held back, we looked at each other knowing exactly why she was reacting like that. 

Chapter 19: Admit it
“It was Anne.” She choked out, “Missy’s dead.” She finally got it out after several long pauses to sob some more. 
Tom looked dumbstruck by the confession, “Today? Do they know who did it?” He was full of questions but Mrs. Harris wasn’t listening she was too focused on her crying. I walked forward hoping to resolve the situation. 
“It was this morning when they found her, they have a suspect in mind but they are not sure who he is.” Tom looked at me emotions flashing over his face, he didn’t know how to process this information. Jesse was trying to console his mom, he had a little longer to deal with the news, and seemed better for it. “Mr. Harris, I was not allowed to say what happened I would if I could but maybe you should see how the Rollins are doing.” He still looked confused but he pulled his wife to her feet and told her they were going to pay their condolences.
 “Do you want to come, Jesse?” His father asked as his mother walked out of the room still crying loudly. 
“No, I need some time to think about this.” Jesse said as he hugged his father.
 “I’m sorry, Rena, maybe we can rain check on dinner. You kids should order pizza or something.”  He said before he followed his wife out the house to the car. 
“That was bad, wasn’t it?” Jesse said as he sat beside me on the couch. 
“I knew she was going to take it hard but she looked as bad as I did.” Jesse continued. 
“I know, I feel terrible for not telling her.” I said resting my head on Jesse’s chest.
 “You couldn’t.  Believe me, if you told her she would have been a lot worse.” Jesse said stroking my hair, comfortingly.
“Yeah, but I still feel terrible, how are you doing?” I said reverting the topic to something that mattered more than my guilt.
 “Better than my mom.” He added with a peck to my forehead. 
“It’s rough and you should be with your family now.” I said moving to look at him. 
“I’d rather just be here with you. I’m not really good with crying women.” Jesse muttered jokingly.
 “Yeah, I’ve been a victim to that.” Jesse was a great guy but when tears came into the pictured he froze. He never knew what to do. For me he just hugged me until I stopped, honestly that’s all I ever wanted from him. Pathetic, right?
 “I try, Ren.” He replied solemnly. 
“I know and that’s all that matters.” I said as I kissed his cheek. He smiled slightly, he wasn’t really happy and it showed. I could begin to think about what was going through his head, it frustrated me but maybe ignorance really was bliss.
~~~
After my second slice of pizza, and three hours had gone by, I was full and getting tired. “I wonder when everyone is coming back?” Jesse said grabbing another slice of pizza out of the box. 
“I know. What kind of movie takes five hours?” I said as I walked to the sink with my dish.
 “Yeah, I should call her, she probably hasn’t even heard about Missy.” Jesse added through a mouthful. 
“Don’t tell her on the phone, that’s cruel.” I said as I finished washing dishes. 
“I’m not, just asking when she’s getting home.” Jesse said as he pulled out his phone and called. It rang but no one answered. “That’s weird.” Jesse said as he hung up the phone.
 “Maybe they are still in the movie.” I said reassuringly, while I watched Jesse start on yet another slice of pizza. 
“Yeah I guess so.” Jesse said, “Let me just text her and make sure.” 
“You know I think Jen is right, you act like an overprotective big brother.” I said with a chuckle. 
“I don’t.” Jesse said defensively while still sending a text message to Jen. 
Ten minutes later, Jesse got a reply to his text, I’m not coming home tonight. Jesse looked at his phone angrily, “What the hell is she thinking? Mom’s going to flip!” Jesse in the midst of his rage called his sister again it went straight to voicemail. “She’s ignoring my calls!” Jesse said incredulously. I watched quietly, not wanting to be the outlet for his rage. He texted her again, why the hell not? Jesse typed furiously into the phone. If his thumbs hit the screen any harder I was sure the glass would crack.
 “Yeah, don’t show her how angry you are.” I said with a chuckle as I read over his shoulder. 
Because I can’t, Jesse read the text out loud.
 “What does that mean?” Jesse said looking at me, why can’t you? Jesse quickly sent back.
 Because was the only reply. 
Jesse was getting annoyed, You know mom is a mess I think you should be here. Besides she doesn’t approve of you spending the night out with some guy.
Jesse waited a half hour for a reply before he started calling her. Every call was going to voicemail. “What the hell is wrong with her?” Jesse said as he called her phone for what seemed like the hundredth time. “Why the hell won’t she answer?” Jesse said calling her again. 
“Relax, maybe they are…you know busy.” Jesse looked at me his eyes widening. That was the last thing he wanted to think was happening. “Maybe her phone died.” I tried again.
He relaxed with that one, “Yeah, let’s hope.” Jesse said as he quit calling. 
“I should be getting you home.” Jesse said as he looped his arm around my waist and pulled me closer to him. 
“That would be a good idea.” I said giving him a kiss before I pulled away. 
 “Let’s go.” He said with a dissatisfied sigh. I knew his mind was racing with everything that happened. No matter how much he denied it he wasn’t over the shock of Missy’s death. It also didn’t help that Jen was acting so weird.
 I Hate Everything About You from Puddle of Mudd began to blare from Jesse’s phone. “Mean ringtone?” I commented.
 “It’s Jen’s,” Jesse said in disbelief. He answered, “Jen, what’s up with you?” 
“Stop calling.” Was all Jen said. Jesse put the phone on speaker, so he could grab his coat but he stopped with her reply. 
“What do you mean ‘stop calling’? I’m worried about you. You should be here with us, after what happened to Missy, it’s not safe out there for you.” Jesse was saying, barely concealing his annoyance.
 “Missy? She’s…she’s dead?” She croaked back, she sounded like she was crying.
 “Yeah, how’d you know?” Jesse said surprised, the phone sounded like there was a terrible connection, always happened that way during important conversations.
 “Jesse?” Chris’s voice came through the phone, “Jen isn’t coming back.” Jesse’s face went ten shades of red in a matter of seconds.
 “You bastard, where is she?” Jesse shouted he took it off speaker and started yelling directly into the phone. “No, she is not fine with you.” I walked over to him worried. He went silent for a moment, “Where the hell is she?” There was a long pause and then Jesse started on another enraged tirade. “No, I will not leave this alone…I’m calling the cops!” Jesse said angrily. “She’s my goddamn sister I will find you and take you in myself if I have to…w…wha…what?” Jesse said his angry demeanor weakening, “You wouldn’t do that. Where do you want me to go? Philly? I can figure it out don’t touch her!” Jesse said throwing the phone and grabbing his coat. 
“Philly, Jess? What are you planning?” I said following him closely. 
“I’m not planning anything I said I would switch places with her.” Jesse said quietly.
 “Like hell!” I shrieked. “Did he admit he was the…” 
 “Yeah, he is and Jen figured it out. That’s why we are in this situation.” Jesse said with obvious pain etched into his expression.
 “We have to call Joe.” I said pulling him away from the front door. 
“No, he said he’d kill her.” He shouted as he shrugged off my grasp.
 “Then my parents?” I asked hoping I could still reason with him. Jesse looked at me he wasn’t sure about this. “If we don’t tell my parents, then what are we going to do if we all go missing?” 
“You are not going.” Jesse said firmly.
 “Like hell I’m not! I’m not letting you walk in there blind, and if you won’t tell anyone I will.”
 “Ren, this is my sister’s life.” Jesse said grabbing my arms, “He wants to kill her.”
 “All the more reason someone should know, Jess, you won’t survive alone.” I shut my mouth hoping the silence would let what he was doing sink in. 
“Call your parents.” Jesse said defeated. 
“Let’s go tell them in person.” I said hoping they could talk some sense into him before it was too late.
 “No, on the phone. So they can’t stop me.” Jesse said evenly. 
 I sighed, “Okay.” I replied defeated.
“Mom?”
 “Yeah, sweetie, are you on your way home? Curfew is in two hours.”
 “Actually, I have something important to tell you.  Is dad around?”
 “Let me get him.” She said her voice sounding worried. 
“Dad?” I said as I heard my father’s voice say hello. 
“Are you okay?”  He said in that deep and stern voice of his.
 “Yeah I’m fine, I have to say this quick. Don’t try and change my mind.” I started anxiously. I was nervous. I knew my parents weren’t go to accept this and my palms sweated just thinking about the impending argument.
 “Okay, go ahead.”
 “We know who the Sorority Killer is and Jesse made a deal with him to get his sister back. So we are going to Philly now.” 
Jesse interrupted me, “You are not going!” Jesse shouted loud enough for my dad to hear. 
“Yes, I am whether I have to follow you or hide in your trunk I’m going.” I said defiantly. 
“Rena, I don’t think this is safe for either of you. If you know who this is you need to report it to Joe.” 
 “Dad, we can’t, at least not yet, not when Jen is still alive. We have to save her!” I said.
 “They can save her. Just tell them where to go.” My father said almost pleadingly. 
“I’m sorry but that was not part of the deal.” I said preparing to end the call. “Dad ,I’m calling in case we don’t come back.” I said trying to not let the tears I wanted to shed come out. 
“It’s Chris, Jen’s boyfriend. He did it and he’s in Philly if the man hunt needs to start.”
 “I refuse for you to go, Rena!” My dad bellowed into the other line. 
“Too late, Dad, I have to go.” I said and hung up. 
I looked at Jesse, “I have to go.”
 “Okay, but if anything dangerous happens you leave. I mean it the first sign of danger I want you gone.” Jesse said as we started heading to his car. We got in and Jesse headed for Interstate 95. 
“So where are we meeting him?”
 “The front of the Annenberg Library, center city.” 
“Library?” I said confused. “He can’t be keeping her outside.” 
 “Maybe his apartment is close by.” Jesse said with a shrug. 
“Actually…I think I know where they are.” I said with a smile, “Are you up for a sneak attack?”
 “Sure, but where are they?” He said not understanding me fully.
“The basement, Jen said that Chris is into AV stuff and that they use that area for storage, he’s the only one with a key and it’s really creepy down there.”
 “How do you know?” 
“It’s where they had their first date.” I said actually happy I had learned something from that outing. 
“Okay, so what’s the plan?” Jesse said “We don’t know the layout. We don’t even know if we can get into the library let alone find a door to the basement.” All excellent points that I hadn’t considered. I went on a search on my phone’s internet. 
“Now we do.” I said showing him the map of the interior of the building, “And they close at midnight so we should be able to get in.” 
“What about the basement it’s probably locked?” He continued with more questions.
 I stopped and looked at him. Damn another good question, “I dug through my bag, “let’s pray it’s not a dead bolt, and we should be good.” I said finding my library card and throwing my purse back into the back. 
I smiled for a moment considering that Jesse and I were a great team. I could come up with the basics but Jesse always knew the right questions to ask. I stopped smiling when I looked at my ringing phone.
My dad called several times but I didn’t answer. He would insist I come home and let the cops deal with it. It was too late for that. I texted him when I arrived in Philly. In Philly, will text you again when we are heading back.
 I’M SERIOUS TURN THE CAR AROUND. My father typed writing in all capital letters to show his rage. It was crazy how quickly he had taken to text messaging. My mother was a lost cause when it came to anything but dialing.
 ~~~
We parked the car inconspicuously in a student parking lot and walked into the library. We looked around a bit and then finally found a mysterious door exactly where the map said it would be. The door to the basement, we were there, it was scary. Jesse tugged at it, “It’s locked.” I pulled out my trusty library card and went to work. The door popped open in a matter of seconds. Before walking in, I grabbed the biggest book I could find and started to follow Jesse down the dark, staircase. Jesse grabbed my hand when I started following him. He motioned for me to remain quiet and I gladly abided. 
We reached the foot of the stairs and it was completely dark down there. I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face, so I had no clue how Jesse wasn’t crashing into stuff. Jesse stopped I ran into him, “There’s a light on in that room.” He whispered. “Ready?” I nodded, I assumed he saw it because we started walking forward again, towards the lit room. 
We peaked through the glass strip in the door. It looked like a classroom and Chris and Jen were definitely in there. We could make out Chris shouting at a sobbing Jen. They were close to the end of the room. Jen was tied in a corner. Chris was standing over her shirtless. That’s when I saw it and the fear actually hit me, hard. I felt my stomach clench in fear as my blood ran cold. I gasped, “What is it?” Jesse whispered.
 “His back.” I quietly replied back. Jesse looked and in the dim lighting I could see his eyes widen. This guy was so not right in the head, not only was he killing girls but he had a puzzle tattoo starting on his back and guess how many pieces there were? Twelve.. I just prayed that didn’t mean there were twelve victims. I couldn’t make out much else of the tattoo but it looked like this guy meant business. 
We pulled away from the door when Chris quickly turned his head to the door. Did he see us? I pushed Jesse towards anther door it led to a closet. We sat in there for what seemed like forever but was actually a few minutes. We heard the door to Chris’s room and even his footsteps but he eventually went back into the room. We knew when Jen’s sobs got louder, “I can’t take this.” Jesse said, “Get out of here call the cops.” He said handing me his car keys. 
“No I’m not leaving you alone with him!” I hissed back. I did however pull out my phone and texted Joe. He sent a text back seconds later, get the hell out of there. Sorry can’t, not without Jen, was all I said back. Jesse looked at me in disbelief, “You said you would listen when I told you to leave.” Jesse said coldly. His ocean blue eyes narrowed in anger at me.
 “Please Jess, I want to help.” I said holding up the large book I had grabbed for protection. 
“Okay, but if he starts fighting run.” 
“No, I’m not leaving you.” I quickly replied back. He sighed but didn’t argue. I guess he figured it was a losing battle and I was too stubborn for my own good. He opened the door slightly to make sure no one was out there, he quickly pulled it closed again.
 “He has the classroom door open.” Jesse replied back. 
“It’s now or never.” I said hopefully. 
Jesse slowly pushed open the door. I followed as quietly as possible. He stood towards the wall keeping in the shadows. I trailed behind him in the same shadows. Jesse was in the classroom and shortly after I was too. There weren’t many places to hide in there, but if we kept to the corners and stayed quiet he would never notice us until we were ready to kick his butt.
 

Chapter 20: Crash!
Jesse was moving fast and I tried to keep pace but I stubbed my foot on one of the desks. It wasn’t a loud crash or anything but Chris noticed and turned to see us right across from him. He looked murderous and started running towards Jesse. He jumped on to him and there was a mess of flying fists coming from every direction. Jesse had pushed him and was sitting on top of him getting in some great blows. I didn’t know how Chris was still conscious. Instead of enjoying Chris’s utter destruction, I ran over to untie Jen. She was still crying uncontrollably. 
She looked at me in disbelief. I started to pull the tape off her mouth when I heard the scuffle get closer. I turned around to see that Chris had gotten the upper hand. “Shit!” I said as I hurried to pull the tape off and started on her legs. 
“What are you doing here?” Jen said sounding less emotional and more shocked.
 “Rescuing you.” I said as I finished with her legs and moved to her hands, but I never finished untying her hands. The boys landed right beside me and I jumped up pulling Jen behind me to the other side of the room. I turned around once Jen was cowering in the corner. 
What the hell? Where did he go? Jesse was lying unconscious on the floor. I looked around the room for Chris but he was nowhere to be found. I was starting to freak out. I turned back around to Jen, “We need to get out of here, now.” I said as I started on her wrists again. She was looking around frantically for Chris. 
“I don’t see him,” she cried nervously. I had finished untying her and we stood looking around with a decent angle for once. He really wasn’t around and it was scaring me. 
“We grab Jesse and run.” I said as we started creeping over towards Jesse’s limp body. I leaned towards Jesse and that’s when I saw him. He grabbed Jen and all she could do was yelp, before he covered her mouth. 
“You know something told me you were too smart for your own good.” Chris said with a smile, that was more of a grimace, but it effectively made my blood run ice cold again. He pulled out tape and quickly taped Jen’s mouth, hands, and feet again. I was frozen by Jesse’s side. I had no clue what to do. How was I supposed to get both of them out of there? I grabbed his wrist, he still had a pulse and it was pretty strong. That was a small miracle, in its self.
“Why would you do something like this?” I said standing up and turning to keep my eyes fully focused on him. He was taller than me, taller than Jesse and that just scared me more. Physically, there was no way possible I could take this guy out. He was too big and I was too small. 
 “So I’m guessing you were the one in my room?” Chris said with a smirk. I looked at him in shock.  How did he know? We put everything exactly where we found it.
 Thinking it was safer to play dumb, I said, “What do you mean?”
“Oh don’t play dumb, Rena. That is the last thing I would expect from you.” Chris said with a morose tone to his voice. 
“So do you think I figured out it was you?” I said still trying to see how far this ‘dumb’ card would get me.
 “You knew a long time ago, that’s why you told me about it at Jen’s house.”
 “You’re wrong.” I said trying to sound believable. 
“The one thing I can’t figure out is how?”
 I gulped, he was waiting for my answer. “I didn’t know.” 
He laughed again, it still wasn’t the happiest sound I’ve ever heard and sent a shiver down my spine. “Rena, don’t play stupid I did my homework, too. You’re Rena Solis, daughter of Rich and Rebecca Solis. Detectives, right?” He said walking closer towards me. “It’s funny if anyone should have figured it out you think it would be them.” 
“They don’t know anything about this, just like me.” I said hoping I could convince him if I continued to repeat it. 
“No, but there is more Ms. Solis, like the little stunt at the end of your school year. Your best friend, her boyfriend and his friend, right?” He said a smile growing on his face as he saw me grimace with the reminder. “From what Jen told me you did it all with a little help from your boy toy, Jesse.”
 “I’m not a detective.” I said it, praying this wasn’t the end. I had a life to live. I hadn’t even graduated high school. He had me cornered with no chance of escape. He reminded me of those predators on the animal channel who corner their pray and enjoy watching them squirm with anxiety. The analogy wasn’t helping my growing unease either.
“You sure play a good detective then.” Chris said starting to approach me again.
 “But that was a fluke I don’t go around solving crimes, I’m just a normal teenage girl.” I said a little frantically. His growing nearness was getting the better of me. “I didn’t know anything until Jesse told me.” 
“What did he tell you?” He said with that sadistic smile again.
 “You kidnapped Jen after she figured it out, that you were the Sorority Killer.” He laughed again only it didn’t sound as sad as the last time, he was really laughing. 
“She never mentioned anything about the Sorority Killer. She knew I was hiding something.” I looked at Jen for confirmation she hadn’t known, damn. Her eyes were wide with fear. “So what gave me away?” Chris said as he still continued to toy with me.
 “Besides the giant puzzle on your back?” I said pointedly.
 His eyes narrowed, “You work at the police department of course you knew that.” Chris said finally reaching me. We were a few feet apart he could grab me easily if he wanted too, but that wasn’t how Chris worked. He wanted me to be exhausted from fear before he did anything. “But you didn’t know that until now, what else?” I wanted to hold back, but he was going to get it out of me anyways, maybe I could stall him if I told him stuff. I mean how long could it take Joe to find this place? That’s when I realized I never told him exactly where we were. I was so dead. 
“Your computer password is puzzle.” I said sounding defeated.
 “It was you.” He said with growing satisfaction. “How did you figure it out?” 
 “I was suspicious and you fit all the criteria, new to town, mysterious murders, all people your girlfriend happened to know. I’m actually surprised that Jen didn’t realize you were cheating on her with all those girls.” Chris winced at the mention. “So did you trick them into thinking you were a good guy and getting into their pants the old fashion way or did you just use force?” I said with a boldness I never thought I had. He laughed it was beginning to get a little unnerving.  This time he grabbed my arm before he said anything. 
“You are too damn smart for your own good.” Chris said pulling me towards Jen’s corner. 
She was crying after what she had heard and I didn’t blame her. I was on the verge of tears myself. Chris threw me beside her and started taping my arms and legs. I tried to fight him off but I was no match for him. He didn’t tape my mouth shut so I assumed he still wanted to talk to me. “Seriously, did you tell anyone?” 
I shook my head, “It’s just me and Jesse” I whispered back.
 “I have a question for you.” I said feeling a little braver, since he backed away from me. He had moved to start tying up Jesse before he woke up. 
“What is it?” He said focusing on wrapping Jesse’s legs. 
“Why? Why did you do it? Why puzzles?” 
He laughed, “You sure are full of questions.” 
He had moved on to Jesse’s wrists and I was watching intently, hoping Jesse would wake up and punch him in the face but it wasn’t looking positive. He taped his hands in front and dropped them on his lap. 
“I like puzzles they make life interesting.” He said with a wry smile, he was lying; there was something to it, I just was not going to find out from him. 
“Why kill them?” I reiterated.
 “They would tell, you know the whores didn’t want me but I got what I wanted. Why not? Everyone else did.” This guy was seriously making me sick to my stomach. I swallowed the bile building in my throat and asked the question I was too afraid to have the answer to. 
“What are you planning to do with us?” I said my voice sounding shaky, contrary to my demands. He laughed, as he started pulling Jesse’s body beside me. He was still unconscious but he was starting to come out of it. Chris slapped him for good measure and Jesse shot up. He saw Chris and me and his new predicament. “Jess, are you okay?” he looked around his face was angry.
 “Why didn’t you leave?” Jesse asked visibly upset.
“I couldn’t leave you here unconscious!” I said angrily. 
“Oh shut up!” Chris shouted. 
“Rena, I’ll answer your question now.” Chris said that evil smile was back again.
 I swallowed and said, “Okay.”
“You probably all figured it out already, but I’m going to kill you.” He said it so nonchalantly, like it didn’t faze him in anyway. 
“Is it going to be the Sorority Killer’s work?” I asked, curiously. Jen started to sob again. Chris was getting tired of that. 
“Can you shut up already, geez.” He shouted towards Jen. 
“Of course, how else could I do it?” Chris said as he walked to a small bag beside the pushed aside desks. He was digging for something. I looked over at Jesse he was trying to reach the old book I had first brought down to fight off Chris. He motioned for me to stay quiet as he started shifting closer to it. 
“Aha!” Chris said finally, and started sauntering back over with a blue sharpie in his hand.  “Have to make it official,” he said with a boyish grin. He walked over to Jen and turned her around and pushed the hair away from the back of her neck. He was marking her!
My blood stopped like ice in my veins as I watched him start to draw the puzzle piece. The one I had taken multiple pictures of, the one that was leading to my demise. Jen was fighting him, but Chris wasn’t letting up. He held her head firmly as she started crying again. I glanced over at Jesse who was still completely focused on grabbing the book. He was a lot closer than before maybe this would end well. Chris turned away from me to finish Jen’s neck because she was still slightly fighting.
My heart dropped. “You have their initials!” I shouted hoping the venom was evident. I was dizzy from disgust. On his back within the puzzle pieces were letters that could only correlate with his victims, if I remembered their names. “You are sick!” I shouted at him not hiding the disgust I was feeling.  Jen started to sob again but she stopped fighting and he finished his handiwork. 
He turned towards me, “Like hell you think I’m letting you mark me!” I said as I tried to fight him off, which is a hard task when you are taped up. I struggled until he grabbed me by the throat. 
“Stay still.” He growled too close to my face, that I felt the spray of his words. I felt the tears welling up behind my eyes, the fear was growing. I didn’t have much hope left. It really seemed like there wasn’t anything else we could do to get out of Chris’s torture room. 
Chris pulled my head forward and started drawing. I just sobbed worse than Jen, until I heard a loud thud and a serial killer collapsed on my lap. I looked up at Jesse who was holding the massive book in his still tied up hands. 
“God, I knew there was a reason I loved you!” I said as Jesse started rummaging through his pockets for his handy Swiss Army Knife. He told me to bring my hands over and he cut the massive quantities of duct tape off my wrists. I took the knife and undid my feet before I worked on Jesse. I threw Chris on the floor of where I was when I got up, he looked like he’d be out for a while, at least that’s what I hoped. I finished with Jesse and ran to undo Jen for the second time. 
Jesse was standing and a little shaky, “Are you okay?” I said running to his side once I finished with Jen. 
“Yeah, we need to get out of here.” Jesse said, his voice was full of pain. I was sure he was injured.
“You don’t look okay?” I said studying his pale features and the pained expression on his face but he was annoyed by my observations. I leaned over and grabbed the library book as he answered. 
“I’m good enough we need to get out of here.” I nodded, and we started for the door, “Jen, is there any other way out of here besides the stairs?” Jesse asked as we stepped into the dark hall.
 “No.”
 “Good,” Jesse murmured as he grabbed our hands and started for the staircase.
 That’s when the wind hit me. 
“Shit, he’s up.” Jen looked around frantically, “Get up the stairs.” Jesse growled and I actually obliged pulling Jen’s arm towards the staircase. 
“Now why would I let you three get away?” Chris said appearing in front of us. He pushed me back to the wall and started choking me. I heard Jesse hitting and fighting him off but Chris wouldn’t stop. I could barely breathe and the last remnants of oxygen were crashing out of me. I was starting to get dizzy when Jesse finally hit him hard enough to let me go. I fell to the ground greedily taking in as much as oxygen as my lungs would allow. 
Jen ran towards me, “I think we should get out of here and find some help.” Jen said as she tried to lift me to my feet. I wouldn’t budge.
 “No I’m not leaving him…go!” She looked at me for a moment in disbelief but I guess finally understood. I watched her run into the library and slam the door swiftly behind her. 
 Chapter 21: Where are you?
Chris and Jesse stopped fighting to see what happened but once they noticed me they were quickly fighting again. Punches were being thrown from all angles, and I just stood watching, I had no clue what I was supposed to do. I looked around frantically realizing that library book was our only salvation. I started looking through the dark and jumped a thousand feet when I got too close to the fight and Jesse fell into me. He quickly recovered and started pummeling Chris harder than before. 
After watching for several moments, I quickly resumed the task of looking for the book and found it by the stairs. I would have found it sooner if there were some lights on but when all you have is a dim light that is being partially blocked by two giant guys fighting you work with what you have. I picked it up, and it felt like it weighed much more than it did before. I walked closer to the fight hoping I could get an opening before Chris realized what I was planning to do. I lurked in the shadows beside them, watching waiting. I swear if it wasn’t from the massive book taking all my energy I would have been in a corner shaking I was that scared. 
I finally saw my opening. Jesse and Chris had wrestled to the floor, they were both oblivious I was so close. Chris was on top throwing weak punches at Jesse. Jess still seemed to have some fight left and was more aggressive. I stepped out of the shadows behind Chris and hit him with all the strength my damaged body had. He collapsed on top of Jesse. 
“I wonder how many times he can get hit with a book before we cause brain damage?” Jesse said with a smirk as he pushed Chris’s limp body off of him.
 “Let’s go now!” I said as I grabbed Jesse’s hand and we bolted out the library entrance. We stopped down one of the aisles and decided it would be best to make sure he doesn’t escape. 
“Call Joe see where he is.” Jesse said using his body as a barricade for the door. That wasn’t going to last long, even I knew that. 
“They should be here.” I said confused.
I pulled out my cell phone, “Joe? Where the hell are you?” 
“The better question is where the hell are you?” he shouted back at me. I quickly told him where we were.
In a matter of minutes, I heard that beautiful song that is only really appreciated by someone like me. Sirens are the most amazing sound to hear when you are almost killed. I would know they have had great timing in the past. Joe and a herd of cops flooded into the library. I was waiting in the front to take them where Jesse was. Joe looked me up and down when he saw me. “What the hell were you thinking?”  He barked out, walking through the dark aisles with me.
“I was helping you get the bad guy.” I said not really ready for this lecture. We walked to where Jesse was he was still standing in front of the door. 
“Thank god!” Jesse said with a sigh of relief as they started into the basement. We watched them all head down the stairs. Jesse pulled me towards him and unzipped my hoodie, instinctively checking me for bruises. It was an odd ritual but Jess typically checked to see how bad my bruises were going to look. “Geez, Ren, why do you bruise so easily?” He said as he examined the bruises that made a lovely hand print around my neck. He pulled me into his arms. “God, I think I’m retiring.” He said into my hair. 
“No more crime fighting for us.” I nodded on his chest, “I’m completely on board with that.” He froze just then.
 “Where’s Jen?” He asked the fear obvious in his voice.
“Sh…she went looking for help.” I said afraid that we made a mistake.
Like on cue, she came running in looking better than I did for being almost killed. 
“They’re here….thank god!” She said panting after the run to us. Jesse let me go and gave her a hug, which showed his relief, “Nice to see you too, Jess.” She said surprised by his blatant show of emotion.
“You scared the hell out of me.” Jesse said as he finally let her go. She looked down embarrassed about everything that had gone down.
 “I’m sorry about everything.” She whispered still keeping her eyes diverted to the floor. 
I walked over to her, “None of this is your fault.” I said as I gave her a quick hug. “You are just a victim of circumstance.” We stood staring at each other for several minutes, mostly in disbelief that we had actually made it out of Chris’s chamber of torture and death.
Joe came over to us after what seemed like forever but was really an hour. “So he hasn’t confessed but it definitely looks like we have enough evidence.” He pulled a camera out of his pocket and started snapping pictures of Jen’s neck, and Chris’s detailed drawing of a puzzle piece. “Are you all marked?” Joe asked, after finally looking satisfied with his pictures. Jesse shook his head, but I whipped my head around, lifted my falling ponytail so he could see my mark. He exhaled deeply and started snapping pictures of my neck. “You guys are okay? Do you need to get checked out?” I felt ashamed as Joe’s eyes burned on me with questions, that I knew were not going to be pleasant.
 “No, I think we are okay.” Jesse said after an awkward silence.
 “Jess, I think you should get checked out.” Jen stepped up to say, “He hit you pretty hard.” He nodded, and Joe was no sooner on the phone calling an ambulance. Their sirens weren’t as sweet to my ears, but they were still here to help. I walked outside with Jesse. Jen began to tell Joe about what transpired in the basement with Chris. 
They pulled up and asked where Joe was or better where Lt. Vasquez was. I pointed them in the right direction and they promptly came back outside to check on the two of us. After being poked, prodded, and having bright lights flashed in my eyes they said I was okay aside from my lovely bruises. They looked at Jesse more thoroughly, he wasn’t bruised but he had taken quite the beating. When they seemed satisfied with Jesse’s nonexistent condition, they decided it was time to go.
Jesse was going to be a little sore but had no cuts, bruises, or broken bones. I helped him off the ambulance to see Joe angrily waiting for us. I lowered my head fully aware of what he was about to say, now that Jen was getting checked out and not near us. 
“What the hell is wrong with you, two? Do you have a death wish…because your crazy antics are getting really old.” We both nodded ashamed that we didn’t call him sooner. “I’m glad you are both okay but next time. God I’m hoping there is no more next times for you, two. Call me I’ll take care of it.” Joe said losing steam as we kept silently nodding at his admonishments.
 “I’m sorry Joe. I know we should know better but it’s Jen and he said no cops or he’d kill her.” I said hoping he could see our point.
 “But what if he wasn’t working alone? What if Jesse couldn’t overpower them? You two need to think about your safety and family better.  We both nodded again. Joe looked at us intently for several moments, “Now what the hell happened?” He said almost as loud as his rant was. 
I couldn’t help but smile at Joe’s bluntness. He was never one to shy from the truth I think it’s one of the requirements of being a great cop; at least that’s what I noticed at the police station. 
“Okay, Jen and Chris broke up yesterday when he went back to Philly to run some ‘errands.’” Jesse said putting air quotes around errands, because technically he was committing a double homicide and not really in Philadelphia; but that is just hearsay on my part. Jesse continued with the story going over Jen not coming home and his multiple calls to her cell phone until Chris called and they negotiated. “We planned on sneaking in, surprising him because he didn’t know we knew about the library, and then knocking him out and running.” Jesse said preparing to get to the more interesting parts. 
“And that was a well thought out plan? I wonder who came up with that?” Joe said as he gave me an icy look and returned to Jesse’s story.  
“Well, we surprised him and we were doing well and then he knocked me unconscious and Jen and Rena tried to escape but didn’t get very far. I don’t know what happened then.” Jesse said looking at me to fill in the blanks. “Jen and I went to pick up Jesse and run when we couldn’t find Chris. As soon as we got close to you, Chris grabbed Jen.” I wasn’t going to enjoy recanting the next part but I was sure that Jen had already told him. “Chris knew that I suspected him of being the Sorority Killer. He even did some research on me to see what he was up against. He knew a lot about me.” I said shaking off the chills from telling the story. “He told me what he did to the girls and he said he was going to kill us but Jesse had woken up for that.” Jesse nodded his confirmation. 
Jesse went to continue on with the story talking about moving near the stairs and the fight that left Chris unconscious when the police came. “You were all very brave but no more stunts like this, Rena, Jesse.” Joe said with a look that wasn’t nearly as harsh as the glare he had given us earlier.
 He nodded in agreement, “No more. We are as good as retired.” Jesse said before Joe walked away. 
Jesse pulled me closer to him with one arm, “What the hell do you get me into, Solis?” 
“Me?” I said surprised, “This was all you! I wanted to call my parents.” I said a little too excitedly. He smiled and kissed my forehead.
 “I’m just glad this is all over.” Jesse said, still not letting go of me.
 “Me too.” I said moving more into his embrace.
Then I saw them rushing towards us. My parents, specifically my mother looked sick with worry. “You are okay.” My dad said pulling me into his arms. 
“Yeah, dad I’m just fine.” I said trying to pull out of his chokehold of a hug. 
“Don’t you ever do anything this stupid again.” My mom said, tears running down her face but still trying to be stern. “Your Nancy Drew adventures are over now!” I nodded trying to avoid her piercing eyes. 
“I’m sorry mom this is not something we normally do. It was just Jen, we had to help her.” I said trying to sound noble but it wasn’t fooling them. They were detectives after all, not much fooled them.
“I’m just glad, you are okay.” My dad added looking over at Jesse, assessing for injuries. His weren’t as evident as mine. “Is Joe here?” He asked, and I nodded as he left to look for him, my mom following close behind. 
“What do we do now that the bad guy is caught?” I said looking to Jesse. “Call my parents before they murder me.” Jesse said as he whipped out his cell phone again.  He called and his mother answered frantic worry was clear in her tone.
 “Are you okay? How is Jenny? Is Rena okay?” 
“Yeah, everyone is fine, mom, I’m sorry about not telling you.” He said trying to soothe some of her worries. “We should be done soon, Jen is finishing up with the EMT; do you want to talk to her?” She agreed and Jesse quickly took his phone over to Jen.
 “She was scared to death.” I said when Jesse started walking towards me again.
 “Yeah, I think we should start heading home.” Jesse said sounding more exhausted. 
“You think you can drive now?” I asked worried he needed a break. 
“I’m fine.” He said. 
My parents walked back over so I couldn’t push Jesse anymore. “I think we had a long night. How about we get a hotel and spend the night?” My mom said, hoping we would agree. 
“That sounds good to me.” I said looking over at Jesse for confirmation. He nodded in agreement.
 “Is Jen finished?” My dad asked.
 “Yeah, I’ll get her.” Jesse said walking towards his sister again. My mom hugged me again. 
“You know if I didn’t know Jesse I would blame him for all this, but somehow I think you were the trouble maker in all this.” My dad said after my mom finally let me go. 
“It was both of us.” I said defensively. Why did everyone always think I was the one in over my head?
 My mom couldn’t hide her smile, “It looks like she found her partner in crime, Rich.” 
My dad gave her an angry look, “Are you and Jesse okay driving?” I nodded.
 “Just follow us, okay?” My mom said still sounding worried. I nodded and hugged them again. Jesse and Jen came back. Jen was still on the phone with Mrs. Harris trying to calm her down. 
“Mom, we are staying at a hotel for the night with the Solises, it’s too late to drive back. It’s been a long night. I’m okay, we are both okay, relax.” She said as she rolled her eyes, showing her exasperation with the conversation. 
We pulled up to a Comfort Inn. My dad booked two rooms. One for Jesse and Jenny and one for me and my parents, I would have rather slept in the same bed as Jen then spend a night in the same room as my parents but I didn’t have much of a choice. Jesse and I were the last to go into our respective rooms, “Goodnight,” he whispered as he kissed me quickly and went into his room. I walked into my hotel room, my parents already looked like they were ready for bed. 
“Did you pack me anything?” I asked hopefully. 
“Yes, and we brought stuff for Jen and Jesse, we stopped at their house, their mother was worried sick.” My mom said as she gave me a backpack full of what I assumed was Jen and Jesse’s stuff. 
“Take that to them I forgot.”
 I nodded, and knocked on the door next door. Jen was in the shower and Jesse was just laying on his bed, when I opened the door. “Hi, my mom stopped by your house and picked up clothes for the two of you.”
 “Great.” Jesse said as he sat up. I sat beside him and handed him the backpack.
 “I’m happy this is over.” I said grabbing his hand. 
“Me too.” He said and gave me a hug, enveloping me his strong arms.
“I’ll stop by in the morning; I want to drive back with you.” I said as I kissed him goodnight and went back to my parents’ room.
“I’m tired.” I said with a yawn as I grabbed clothes out of my bag and went to shower off the memories of tonight. I walked out, my dad was still awake. 
“Geez, Rena.”
 “What?” I said surprised that he was actually awake. 
“Your neck.” He said pointing at me.
 “I know they should be gone before school starts.” I said a little self conscious about my black and purple neck, which had been occurring too often this year. Killers really needed to start trying to attack me at a point that was hidden by my shirt. 
I woke up early, I felt achy from Chris’s fun chamber. My back and neck was sore. I sat up, my parents were still asleep. I grabbed the yogapants and tank my mom had brought for me to wear and I changed and walked next door.
I knocked and Jesse opened the door still a little groggy. Jen was still asleep.  “You’re up early.” He said and finished with a yawn. 
“I couldn’t sleep.” He let me in and I followed him towards his bed.
 “Want to grab breakfast?” He asked still not sure if he wanted to be awake at this ungodly hour. 
“Sure,” He walked to the bathroom and changed.
 
Chapter 22: Normalcy, Is That You?
Jesse and I ate breakfast at the hotel. Hey, there was complimentary breakfast until nine and no one was awake. “So we go back to school next week?” 
“Isn’t it crazy? We solve a murder and then like nothing go back to talking about our last year of high school.” He nodded and took a bite of his bagel. After last night, he seemed more ravenous than normal. 
“Rena, I was serious yesterday. This mystery thing needs to be over no more snooping from either of us.” I was hurt, after this I was feeling more and more like no matter how hard I fought I was going to be in the family business. Whether I liked it or not, I’d be on the case. 
“I can’t promise that, Jess.” I said knowing I was about to upset him.
“Rena, it’s too dangerous.” 
 “I know.” I said sounding depressed, “I’m going to try and not look for any cases but if they fall into my lap I’ll investigate I can’t help it.” 
“So you think this is what you are going to study in college?” Jesse said with a smile.
 “Actually yeah I think I’ve officially decided.” I said feeling like I had good news after a crappy situation.
 “Me too.” He said with a devilish smile. 
“I thought you wanted to go to law school?” I said confused that he was reconsidering his lifelong plans. 
“I think I want to be a detective, too.” He said the smile growing on his face. “It’s always scary as hell to be in the case, but I don’t think I could be a lawyer knowing how much I love investigating, especially with you.” He said taking hold of my hands on top of the small table we were sitting at.
I smiled, “It looks like we’re turning more and more into my parents every day.” He laughed and leaned forward to kiss me across the table. 
“I’d love us to be our own crime fighting team.” Jesse said with a chuckle. 
We walked back to our rooms, my parents were awake but Jen was still asleep. “When did you two wake up?” My mom said as Jesse and I walked into the room. 
“Just went to breakfast.” I said.
 “Well do you guys want to get on the road soon?” My dad asked as he came out of the bathroom fully dressed, thank god. 
“Yeah.” I said.
 Jesse added as he stood up, “Maybe I should wake Jen then.” He abruptly left the room to do so. 
“Why didn’t you wake us?” My mom asked.
 “Thought you’d like to sleep in I woke up really early.”
 “So you woke Jesse?” My mom said obviously not buying what I was saying.
“He was having trouble sleeping too.” I said defensively. 
We left a half hour later, I was in the car with Jesse and Jen. “So,” I said stretching out the words. “Did my parents tell you what Joe said?” 
Jen shook her head and looked eager for me to continue. “Philly P.D. charged Chris or Albert Wicker with twelve counts of first degree murder and three attempted murders and three counts of assault. It’s been all over the news too.” I said changing the radio station so Jen could understand how big this story was. 
“I think we’ve had enough of that.” Jesse said changing the radio back after only a few minutes of listening to the news. I looked at him angrily, but then I noticed Jen’s forlorn face. He was protecting her like the great brother he was. It made me love him even more if that was possible. 
They dropped me off first and then left to handle their parents. My parents were not enthusiastic about my stunts and said I was grounded until school starts, which isn’t a terrible punishment considering I start school next Monday. I didn’t say that though, I let them believe they were being firm with me and even gave them my best puppy dog face, so they would reconsider. They didn’t naturally. I was pleasantly surprised however to see my favorite aunt home from her cruise. 
“Krystal!” I shouted as I ran to her for a hug when the car pulled up, Dr. Todd was driving. 
“I missed you too, kid.” She said, surprised by my blatant show of affection. “I’m glad your parents told me what you were up to yesterday or I’d be freaking out.” She said examining my neck. “When are you going to stay out of trouble, Rena Solis?” She said worry written all over her pretty face. 
“I’m trying! I swear it just kind of happened.” I said sounding like a small child.
 “Did they ground you?” She whispered to me, before she went to greet my parents.
 “Till school starts.” I said sheepishly.
 “That’s a week.” She said in disbelief. 
“I don’t think they know that.” I whispered back.
 “Maybe I should…” 
“Krys, don’t tell.” I said sticking out my pinky and making another show of my puppy dog eyes. She sighed and promised not to tell. I hugged her again said my goodbyes to Dr. Todd and walked into the house so the adults could talk. 
I had been glued to the news as much as my parents usually were. I couldn’t rip myself away from all of the new developments that were happening in the Sorority Killer case. I couldn’t believe that I had dinner with the guy and talked to him about TV. He was obviously demented and the longer the media looked, the crazier the stories about his life were getting. I had never been so thankful to have made it out until I saw how skilled this guy really was. Not only was he killing people around Pennsylvania but he had several other aliases that had a string of murders connected to them. There wasn’t an official tally on how many murders he committed yet but there was a lot of debate on where to hold his trial. Philadelphia wasn’t ready to let him go so he was still in the great state of Pennsylvania, hopefully in a maximum security prison. 
“So I heard you had some good news for your parents today?” Krystal said coming in, my parents just behind her.
 “Yup, I want to be in the crime fighting business.” I said knowing she already knew. My parents were brimming with the news after I told them. I knew they were excited; I wasn’t exactly sure why they were so excited because they always complained that their job was so dangerous. Yet, they were happy I was following in on the family business and talking about when I could take my detective’s test. They were even considering taking me on some of their cases but I quickly clarified that I loved to be a detective, but I was considering the FBI. I think I needed more structure than a regular detective because who knows how much trouble I would get into without a boss. They were still supportive like only my family would be.
 ~~~
My last week at the Police Station was also my last week of summer vacation. I really was going to miss being there. I liked being in the know about the crimes in town, even though they were few and far between. “You know it’s going to be quiet around here when you’re gone.” Susan said as I walked to my desk on Wednesday. 
“Yeah, well maybe there won’t be as much drama when I’m gone.” I said with a smile. 
“Solis, office now.” Joe said as he walked past me. I barely had enough time to sit down before I was already in trouble. I followed him into his office. 
“What’s up, lieutenant?” 
 “I had dinner with your dad last night and he told me the good news.” Joe said as he actually came towards me for a hug. It was very uncharacteristic of my godfather to show such public displays of affection, particularly at work. He must be happy. 
 “You have some high goals ahead of you.” He said with a proud smile, when he let me go. 
“So I assume that this is something you and Jesse are considering together?” Joe said with a knowing smile. I didn’t even tell Krystal that me and Jesse had wanted to both change our career goals, but Joe knew. Oddly, he was the last I thought would guess such a thing. 
“Actually, he is still thinking more the traditional detective route…I’m the ambitious one.” I said with an embarrassed smile. 
“And that ambition is going to take you far, aside from your last name and those killer snooping genes.” I smiled at Joe that was a great compliment and I appreciated it. 
“Thanks,” I said still self-conscious about the conversation. 
“On a more serious note…” Joe took a deep breath before he continued on with his thoughts, “They are planning to charge Wicker in Pennsylvania…”
 “That’s great.” I said accidentally cutting Joe off. 
“They want you, Jesse, and Jen to testify.” I looked at him in disbelief.
 “You’re kidding.” I said sitting down in a nearby chair. “I…but…god…” 
“You three are the only surviving victims.” Joe said as he took a seat beside me.
 “Testify? I didn’t even testify in Cait and company’s trials.” I said still not fully grasping the severity of the situation.
 “We had solid evidence against them, DNA, motives, victim history, and we did have your statements. But this case is going to be on a much larger scale, it is going to get national attention and the prosecutor doesn’t want to take chances with not getting the maximum conviction possible.” I was still stunned by the news but I managed to shake my head and agree to testify. 
“I don’t know how Jen and Jesse will feel about this, though. This was very hard for Jen, I doubt she would want to relive something as traumatic as dating a serial killer.” 
I left work and promptly went to The Scoop to talk to Jesse, Jen, and their mother. Only problem was only Mr. Harris was working at The Scoop. “They didn’t come to work?” 
“Jen still isn’t up to it but you are welcome to go over, Ren.”  I nodded and left the diner to my car. I had driven myself because Jesse said he would be running late. I’d assumed he would go to work eventually that day.
When I got to Jesse’s house all the cars were parked outside. The Harris’s did like their Toyotas each having their own type, Jesse’s Corolla, Jen’s Rav4, Mrs. Harris’ Solara, and Mr. Harris’ Tundra. I knocked on the door hoping someone would answer. Jesse did after the first knock. “What are you doing here?” He said with a smile, covering his tired face.
 “I was worried when you guys weren’t at work.” I said, stepping into the house.
 “We’re okay. Jen is taking the new news kind of hard, so we just didn’t think it best to go in today.” Jess said worry written all over his face. I knew he was talking about the case taking place in Pennsylvania but for a split second I thought he already knew about Joe wanting us to testify.
 “I have something to ask you.” He looked over curiously, “I’ve already agreed so you or Jen don’t have to if you don’t want to but the Prosecutor’s office in Philadelphia wants us to testify against Chris.” Jesse took a few moments to absorb what I was saying, “Joe said it’s because it’s a highly publicized case and they want to take all the necessary precautions to make sure he can never hurt anyone again.”
 “I’m in but Jen…” Jesse shook his head, “This will be too hard for her.” Jesse said, his voice sounding firm.
 “You don’t want to tell her?” I said surprised that he wanted to hide something so important from her. “I think this is her decision.” I said trying to stand my ground.
“Is everything alright?” Mrs. Harris said coming out of the kitchen and into the hall. 
“Everything is fine, mom.” Jesse said sounding a little annoyed that she had interrupted. 
“Mrs. Harris, I know Jen is having a rough time coping, but I think I should at least ask her whether or not she wants to be a part of Chris’s trial.” Mrs. Harris’s face dropped. She shook her head firmly. 
“She feels terrible about all of this. She can’t face him again.” I knew what it meant, they were protecting Jen from all of the trauma Chris had inflicted on her. They loved her and were worried sick. It was obvious. 
“I want to do it.” Jen said loudly from the staircase. We were all surprised to see her eavesdropping on the stairs but I was relieved to know that I didn’t have to defy Jesse and his mother now. I looked at her, she really didn’t look like herself. It looked like she hadn’t slept in days, which was probably true. She was still in her pajamas and her skin looked paler than normal. 
“Hi Jen,” I said hoping that they would let me tell her about it. They didn’t interrupt me. “So you are willing to testify?” I asked making sure she knew what she was getting into. 
“Can we talk…alone?” Jen said as she turned and started walking towards her room. I looked at Jesse and his disapproval, but quickly followed behind Jen. 
I closed her bedroom door behind me. “They are just being overprotective.” She said as she sat in one of the overstuffed frilly purple chairs in her room. 
“They have every right to be.” I said knowing how much Chris had shook them up. Hell he had given me a good fright too, I knew how they felt.
“I haven’t slept since Friday. I get an hour or two here and there and then I usually wake Jesse or my parents with the nightmares.” I looked down, this was really hard on her, harder than I thought it would be. “They even made me see a psychiatrist already.” Jen said with a sad chuckle.
 “What did he say?” I asked curiously.
 “PTSD and then he prescribed some medication but I haven’t taken it yet, I don’t want to. I can deal with this. I just need time.” Jen said more hopeful in her coping abilities than her family was.
 “I know you can.” I said with conviction. I knew exactly how she was feeling.
“How did you deal with the whole Caitlin thing?” Jen asked, my own quasi PTSD experience being discussed. 
“Um well I had nightmares about it until a few weeks ago. I don’t think it’s something you completely get over but it makes you smarter.” 
“Smarter?” Jen said with a smile, “Now you just throw yourself in danger?” The laughter coming from her was genuine and probably the first laugh she had in a while.
 “I feel like I am more distrusting of people, is that better?” She nodded.
“So that’s it?” She said after I told her why we needed to testify. “I’m in, I want to see him locked up forever for what he did.” I nodded in understanding. 
“I better get going.” I said as I stood up and started walking towards the door.
 “Rena,” I stopped and looked at her.
 “Yeah?” 
“Jesse is really lucky to have you.” 
She said with a smile, “Yeah, well I hope you treat them nicely when I’m gone, they want to take care of you.” I said as I opened the door. 
“Bye,” she said not moving from her seat. 
   I walked into the hallway; Jess was standing by his door. “Hi” he said not completely looking at me. 
“Hi.”
 “So how did it go?”
 “She’s in.” I said starting to walk to the staircase.
“Did she tell you how she was taking everything?” 
“She told me about the nightmares, if that’s what you are wondering about.”
 He nodded, “Can we talk?” 
“Sure,” I said and followed him into his room. 
“Jen,” he started but couldn’t seem to find the words to describe his feelings.
“Jen will be fine. Stop worrying.” I interrupted. 
 “But they said she has…” 
“They told me the same thing after the whole Caitlin thing. I’m fine.”
 “You were having nightmares about it until a few weeks ago.” Jesse said trying to prove his point.
 “Jesse, she will get through it.” I said completely sure I was right.
 He sighed, “I hope you are right.”
 “I am.” I said sitting next to him on his gaming lounger. He wrapped his arm around me and pulled me closer to him. 
“Let’s hope she is as resilient as you.” He said finally and kissed my forehead, softly. 
Epilogue: Sentencing
Wicker’s court case was in November. Our lives, that had mostly returned to normal, were thrown back to that awful night to remember all the horrible things we learned and felt. Jen had really made a turn around when she went back to school. Honestly, she seemed like a stronger person after she made her way through the guilt. Jesse, Dave, Whit, and I had been consumed in the search for a good college and this was our only break from that. My parents and Jesse’s parents came to Philadelphia with us and we were there for a week. Missing school, work, and anything else that would have mattered. 
We were prepared all week by the prosecutors for possible questions that could be asked of us. It was all stressful and they made it seem like Doom’s Day was almost upon us. “God, I cannot wait for this to be over.” Jen said as we waited for our breakfast to come out. It was six am and we were at IHOP with both sets of parents, before we went to court. 
“I hope they don’t drag this on for months.” My mom murmured but regretted it when she saw Mrs. Harris’ worried face. “Oh don’t worry the kids won’t have to be present for all of that they just need to go on the stand and they will be done that will take the week max.” My mom said not too convincingly. 
“Did you hear that they are banning reporters from coming into the court house.” I said hoping to slightly change topic. 
“They have to honey, you are under eighteen.” I was the only one, Jesse had turned eighteen in October and I wasn’t turning seventeen until February. I nodded. 
Jen was the first one to take the stand they had her sworn in on the first day of the trial. She was the central witness, his girlfriend, his last intended victim, and the only person that knew the most victims besides Wicker. We had stopped calling him Chris because it made it seem so much closer to home. If we called him Albert Wicker, it made him seem like what he really was, a stranger. Not even Jen actually knew him, no matter how long she dated the guy. 
“So Miss Harris, how did you meet the defendant?” The persecutor began.
 “At a fraternity party at U. Penn. We went to school there.” The lawyer nodded, and continued with more challenging questions.
 “Where was your first date?”
 “The library basement, he was a part of the tech group at Penn and that’s where they kept a lot of their stuff. He liked being down there.” 
“Did you ever suspect Wicker of being the Sorority Killer?” Tears fell down Jen’s face, but she remained strong and continued to answer their questions.
 “No, I didn’t put together anything until Rena had said it after he kidnapped me.” 
“What did you think, when he kidnapped you, then?” 
“I just thought he wasn’t taking our break up well and he wanted to get me alone to convince me we would work out. I never thought he was going to try to kill me.”
 “Objection your honor,” The defense attorney said. 
“On what grounds?” 
“On the grounds that she is alive and well and saying he tried to kill her is hearsay.” 
“But he did try to kill me, and my brother, and his girlfriend.” Jen said her frustration growing. “I was marked and everything.”
 “Objection denied,” The judge said.
They continued back and forth for a few hours. The judge called for a recess and to restart the case tomorrow. It was going to be a long week the defense hadn’t even gotten a chance to cross examine Jen. 
For four days the trial went back and forth. Jen had cried more than she liked but they were done with her after day two. The defense attorney was harsh particularly to her saying, some part of her had to know Albert was a killer. Jesse was next and he was great. He didn’t back down, he gave detailed accounts of what happened. He would have been a great lawyer, if he stayed on that route he was made for the court room. He exuded that calm confidence that all good lawyers needed.
The middle of day three is when they called me to the stand. I was nervous but was hopeful I could do as well as Jesse. The prosecutor’s questions weren’t bad. I felt good answering them, most were from when they had practiced with us so I answered with ease. The defense however was another story. I knew it was not going to be pleasant, when they asked their first question.
 “So according to past testimonies you were the first one to suspect Wicker of being a serial killer?”
 “Yes.”
 “And how did you come to that conclusion?”
 “This summer I worked for the local police department as an intern. I was involved in many aspects of the case when bodies started appearing in Walterville. I knew more than the average citizen did about the case, and Albert the longer he was around the more he fit the profile.” 
“May I ask where does this high confidence in your detective abilities come from?” I looked at him for a moment, I didn’t exactly know how to answer the question.
 “I am not a detective, I just saw coincidences between Albert and the sorority killer’s behavior.” 
“Are you always right about things like this?”
 “I don’t normally come across murderers on a daily basis.”
 “But wasn’t it only a few months ago that you were involved in the arrest of three high school students at your school?” I gulped. 
“Objection, that has no relevance to the case at hand.” The prosecutor said. “Objection sustained.” 
“Fine. So tell me about the day you searched Mr. Wicker’s possessions without his permission.” 
“Technically, I didn’t need permission he was a guest at the Harris’s house, it wasn’t illegal.” 
“But didn’t you search his computer?”
 “Yes, but there was nothing on it incriminating except his password.” 
“Which was?”
 “Puzzle.” 
“Okay, well let’s move on how about you tell everyone how you knew where Jen and the defendant were.”
 “Jen had told me about Albert’s fascination with that place and their first date so I assumed it was the only place he would take her particularly if he was planning on killing her.” I was the last person questioned from the prosecution and they seemed to save it all for me. 
At the end of the forth day, when I went to take my seat, I had never been more thankful in my life. I was shaken from all the incriminating things they had accused me of and now we were going to wrap up the case and wait for sentencing, surprisingly. The jury contrary to everyone’s thoughts came to a decision pretty quickly, only four hours. They found him guilty on all counts of murder, assault, attempted murder, and all the other charges they threw at him. He was never seeing the light of day again. He was sentenced with three consecutive life sentences in prison, even though the prosecutors were shooting for the death penalty. 
Now, I could get back to what really mattered: High school, Jesse, my friends, and applying to college. Isn’t that what sixteen year old girls are supposed to be thinking about? I hope so cause this was all I was going to focus on from now on. No more crime fighting for me…okay unless it falls into my lap, of course. Who can resist that?
If you enjoyed this book
Check out more by Lyza Ledo
The Rena Files Series
The Rena Files
Puzzled
Familiar (Coming in July 2013)

Secrets Trilogy
Secret’s Out
Hidden
Revelations

For more Information on Lyza Ledo
Visit www.lyzaledo.com
www.twitter.com/lyzaledo
www.facebook.com/lyzaledobooks
