
Queen Karita's Revenge

by David J. Wighton

Book #28 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements

Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Image from Erik Karits @ Pixabay

This book describes Californian citizens and its government in an unflattering way. That description is fictional. No insult to Californians was intended. The fictional California does not resemble the real California in any way. 

This book also describes the Arizona State University and its students in an unflattering way. No insult was intended. The fictional university does not resemble the real university in any way. 

Non-Wilizy Characters in this Book

Heaven and Angelion
• 	Guinny, Galahad, Paula, Lillian, Keely, and Joe-Joe. 
• 	Shields and other crewmembers of the Angelion.52.

California
• 	Pancha Villa, Zavier Reynoldo, Cooper Rivera, and Addison. 

Baseball
• 	Audrey, Pilar, Louella, Coach Lee, Maureen.
• 	Coach Ambrose Murphy, Dr. Neil Gorman.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

"Stook, could you walk me through the timeline again?" Jock asked. "Slowly this time. Lucas, take notes for me, please."
This emergency meeting was in Stook's office. Any meeting that started with a sudden call to Jock's office in Regina and ended with Jock slinging to Colorado should be considered an emergency. Both Jock and Lucas were in their Saskatchewan army uniforms. Hank, Mac, Addison, and Melissa were also in the office, as was Sheila. 
Stook began. "On Sunday, January 3rd, a para-military force from California flew up to Reno, Nevada. It consisted of thirty-eight, eight-seat civilian copters filled with brown-skinned drunks. They were heavily armed with pistols and long guns. An accompanying transport copter was full of ammunition. The man in charge wore a uniform that identified him as a member of the California army. Our source from Reno described him and Addison was able to identify him. Addison, would you like to continue?"
"The man is Governor Villa's lover, name of Cooper Rivera. He's the force behind the throne and, I believe, has considerable influence on Villa. He has three buddies with him. They hung around him all the time and I thought of them as his Three Compadres."
 Stook took over. "Our source saw Rivera go into the Nevada's governor's office. A few minutes later, he took the governor to where the copters were semi-concealed. They spoke quietly together. Governor Macdonald looked very upset. They went back into the office and when they came back out, Rivera had an envelope in his hand. The governor called everybody in town together and announced that California had just purchased Nevada and was threatening to kill all the white people in the state. The governor had talked him out of that, but all the whites had to leave Nevada today. They were bundled into transport copters and taken to Salt Lake City. They were not allowed to take anything with them. Our informant assumed that the other whites in the state were picked up and transported to Salt Lake as well. Since very few people live in Nevada, he assumed further that all the whites were out of the state by Sunday evening."
"Our contact was a former security man in one of Reno's casinos when they were still operating. Also, he has had a military background of some kind. He was reluctant to share any details of that. Being black, California dies not subject him to forced relocation. However, he figured that such freedom would not last long. He and his wife loaded up their personal copter with everything that they could and left. He warned the people watching him that they should get out of Reno now. He doesn't know if they did that or not."
"How did he find you?"
"I didn't ask. He left Reno on Sunday and showed up at Government House's reception counter earlier today. He kept what he had done yesterday private. I'm assuming he settled his wife somewhere. He's an elderly gent. It's possible that he was involved in some of the armed militia uprisings in the west in the 60s. He might have a price on his head. He knew that the Californian army would be back in Reno."
"What did he think they'd be doing?"
"The city had a mix of Hispanics, African Americans, and Asians. As far as California is concerned, if they are not white, they are supporters of the brown supremacy movement and thus they will be permitted to live. But, Rivera's men will conscript those colored men into the California army. The presence of wives and families will guarantee the men's active cooperation."
"That fits with what the armed militia did in the 60s."
"Melissa and Mac flew over the road from Reno to Salt Lake City earlier today. The towns are deserted. Houses are empty. Copters have disappeared."
"They either went into hiding or they are now somewhere near Salt Lake," Jock concluded. 
"What are your assumptions about the great state of Utah, Jock?" Hank asked.
"It's part of California now and it has a very large army and air force."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

"What's our schedule for the week?" a male voice asked.
Another male voice responded. "On Wednesday January 6, we're meeting the two pitchers from Missoula and their families at 7:30 pm in one of their homes. That gives us all day Tuesday to get there. It's a two or three hour flight from Tempe." 
"And the two pitchers from Billings?"
"We'll meet them Thursday night in Coach Lee's house. We should build in two hours of flight time. I've never seen us hurting so much for pitchers."
"That's because pitchers need good coaching and time to develop. The other teams we scouted outside Montana had beginner players. We can fill up the roster easily enough with them. We have some girls with good potential, but the best players on the team will be these four pitchers."
"If we don't sign them up, we'll have no program."
"True. So if necessary, we'll lock them up with some special offers."
"The girls that we had back east had better skills."
 "We had more baseball teams back east to draw from. Better coaches and more training time make for better players."
"You're not thinking of restoring our program back east are you?"
"No. That would not be good for our health. You saw all four of these pitchers play in the Colorado tourney. How would you rank them?"
"Black girl, brown girl, yellow girl, white girl."
"Really? You're ranking the girl that can pitch leftie and rightie as dead last?"
"Well, if you wanted me to rank them on baseball skills, then yes, she'd be first."
"What were you ranking them on?"
"On their chachibabas."
"You can't rank the girls on their boobs."
"Why not? You're the coach of the team, so go ahead and rank them on their skills. I don't care about their baseball skills."
 "We need these girls. It'll be best if you stay clear of these meetings."
"Fine with me. I'll stay in Tempe. By the way, you're recruiting the daughter of a police captain."
"Which girl?"
"The white girl from Billings."
"You'll have to be careful if she comes to Tempe."
"I will. I don't need her. I have plenty of other candidates." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

Wednesday. Hank, Mac, Lucas, Addison, Melissa, Stook, Sheila and Jock were meeting in Stook's office at 1 pm. Once again, Jock was leading the meeting.
"What do we know about the colored Nevadans?"
Mac responded. "Melissa and I titr'd Reno and the towns to the east. In all cases, we found the Three Compadres and a squad of Californians taking them out of their towns and placing them in transports. We knew where they'd be going, so we skipped forward in time and waited for them to arrive in Salt Lake City." 
Melissa took over. "The women and children were taken to a big hotel called the Salt Lake Plaza Hotel. We saw guards on all of its exits. Essentially, they were confined in a comfortable prison. The colored Nevada men were taken to Lindsay Garden Park where the California army had set up a military-style camp. It's a big area that is close to downtown. The Nevadan men were not shackled or confined in any way. They found some tents and settled in."
"They have to behave. Their women and children are hostages," Lucas concluded.
"What about the citizens of Salt Lake City?" Jock asked.
"They are going about their business."
"They are probably living under a threat of some kind," Hank suggested.
"I'd agree," Jock agreed. 
"What happened to the Nevada copters?"
"They have been stored in Lindsay Garden Park along with what we believe are copters from the Salt Lake citizens. We saw a huge number of copters."
"Hidden under camouflage tarps?" Lucas asked.
"Not hidden in any way."
"They'd be easy for a military force to destroy."
"There is no military force in the area that could take them out," Stook said. "I've talked with the governors of the nearby states. They have very little that they could put into the field. Police copters, mostly. We're meeting as a group in a couple of days."
"We're missing something," Jock warned "Rivera took over Nevada and the largest city in Utah with military precision and timing. He wouldn't leave his forces and copters in the open unless he had a deterrent against an armed response. Where did the white Nevadans go, Mac?"
"We didn't see them, but remember we weren't actually scouting."
"Find the white prisoners and you'll find the deterrent," Jock said. "I believe Mac has a list of duties for us."
 # # # # # # # # 
It was on this Wednesday that a baseball coach met with two sets of parents and two players in Missoula. The players were Pilar and Louella. Both girls and their families were interested in what they heard, but they wouldn't make a commitment until they saw the school they would be attending and the place they would be living. [Pilar was the rightie and she was Hispanic; Louella was the leftie and she was African-American.]
The coach of this new team, Ambrose Murphy, agreed to arrange a visit to Tucson, but he wanted to wait until he knew if the Billings' girls were interested too. If so, he would set up a weekend for all of them to visit. Sponsors of the camp would cover all of their costs. 
The mention of Billings' players prompted both girls to ask simultaneously, Who?
Given that spontaneity, Murphy wondered if there were some hard feelings between the two teams. If so, he'd want to know that up front. "Their two best pitchers," he said and then watched their faces. 
"I wouldn't mind being on the same team as Audrey and Maddy," Pilar said.
"It would be nice to win a close game for once," Louella added.
"That is who you're inviting, right?" Louella's dad asked. 
"Yes," Murphy conceded.
"OK, now I'm interested," Louella's dad said. "That gives you four good pitchers. Louella and Pilar won't have to carry the team all by themselves. You lock those two Billings girls up and we'll go down to Arizona and have a look-see."
 # # # # # # # # 
Speaking of a look-see...
"We found two fertility clinics that may work for us," Lylah said. 
"They're the two biggest clinics in Los Angeles in 2021," Lohla added. "We thought it best to go with size. Better chance of getting the best doctors."
"Less chance of them remembering us," Lucas added another reason.
[I'll discontinue identifying which L is talking. It doesn't matter who said what.]
"The bigger clinics are likely to have the most current technology too," Doc added. "Now what?"
"We thought we'd go down and have an initial meeting with people in those two clinics. Lucas and Lohla will go to one place, and Lucas and I will go to the other."
"We want to fully understand what they can do for us."
"We want to know the cost as well as how long we would have to wait."
"We have to admit that we don't have any insurance and ask if they will take us as patients if we pay in cash." 
"Also, we want to know how intrusive the procedures will be and if they have any women doctors." 
"Do you have a sense how Californians your age dress?" Doc asked. "You have to be able to fit in."
"Yes. We'll present ourselves as people with the ability to pay."
"Good idea," Doc said. "Back then, if a business had doubts, it would run a credit check on their patients. You don't want them doing that."
"Doc, we were wondering if you would come with us so that we'd be sure that the clinic and doctors are legit."
"I'd be glad to come for moral support. We could check to see if the LA Kings have any games while we're there."
"What sport is that, Doc?"
"Hockey."
"We should also think about tickets to the Lakers. They won the NBA in 2020."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

Thursday: Hank, Mac, Lucas, Melissa, Stook, Sheila and Jock were meeting again. Hank started the discussions.
"I've met with the Wilizy directors and we have some strong feelings. First, California has to be stopped from doing whatever it is that they are doing. We aren't sure what that was yet. But, attacking and taking over entire states is not something we can ignore. However, the Wilizy cannot be Colorado's standing army. If news of us and our capabilities became public, we ourselves would become targets. Our safety resides to a large extent on our anonymity. So, the directors reached a number of decisions, which I will express to Charlie now. It's clear that he has to be the public front on this coming war. This is a political battle between states and the response has to be from the political arena. This means the governors of the neighboring states at the very least have to be involved in some fashion. Charlie, we think that you should take the lead on that and we'll support you the best that we can, but not publicly."
"Here are two restrictions: You can't use Wilizy airplanes in whatever you do. They're too visible and well known. Also, you can't use our weaponry in any visible and public way."
"As to our personnel: Jock is not known as a Wilizy member and we think that he would be a good public military face for you to have, if he's willing. The Saskatchewan army has helped the Ontario government before [Maddy's a Baddy, Book #8] and it would be easy for the Saskatchewan army to respond to an appeal for help from Colorado and/or other states in some manner." 
"Lucas can contribute publicly as a Saskatchewan army officer."
"Mac and Stu have been introduced in the past as Colorado resources and we're fine with that continuing. Melissa and Mac can help with planning. Keep in mind that we are already running an operation in California that could possibly dovetail quite nicely."
 "You may use Mac's Valkyries in an undercover operation or if individual Valkyries wish to contribute to your war effort as California citizens."
"You may use Lucas' Guardian Angel Corp in an undercover operation or as visible anonymous bikers."
"Other Wilizy individuals may wish to contribute behind the scenes, including our scientists. In other words, you can use any of our resources, but not publicly. Are you willing to take the lead on this politically, Charlie?"
 "Yes. I've made an initial contact with the nearby states and told them what California has done. We're meeting on Saturday. Cowboy has been the Wilizy's contact person with Mexico, and through him, I have asked to meet with the Mexican president to discuss California's aggression. Apparently, he had already suggested that the two of us should meet as part of the Tijuana operation. We'll sit down together in Tijuana tomorrow. That could be California's next target. How about we convene again after my sessions with the nearby states?"
"We need eyes on Salt Lake City and Sacramento," Hank warned. "I'll ask William to position a satellite over both cities, with surveillance feeds back to the cadet camp. He'll be able to set up a computerized warning if their copters take off in any numbers. I'll ask some of the Wilizy moms to keep an eye on the satellite feeds."
"Good idea, Hank," Jock said. "I'm willing to represent the Saskatchewan army, Charlie. This will require a military presence but I doubt very much if Saskatchewan will commit Canadian troops to operations in the former US. Lucas and I will take some leave."
 # # # # # # # # 
Coach Murphy was the focus of attention in Coach Lee's living room that evening. Present were Coach Lee and his wife Annie, Audrey, Maddy, Mac, Wolf, Cowboy, and Bean. He had just finished the broad purpose of his winter baseball program, which was to focus on baseball skills for seven days a week from January to the end of March. Some games within Arizona might be arranged. "Why don't you ask questions and I can give you details on what you want to know," he closed his presentation.
"What will a typical day look like?" Mac asked.
"Rise at 7:30. Breakfast starting at 8:00 at the Arizona State University cafeteria. Practice begins at the ASU small diamond on campus at 9:00 and ends at 11:30. Lunch and free time until 1:00. From 1:00 to 3:30, they'll attend core classes at a local middle school. These subjects are best learned in a classroom setting. Free time 3:30 to 6:00 including supper. Online school instruction from 6:00 to 8:30. Lights out at 9:00. Weekends are generally all baseball. We expect the girls to keep up with their studies. I'll know if they aren't. If any are having difficulty, we expect them to seek help from the teacher or a teammate. We are not there to hold their hands and tell them to do their homework. We find this helps them to become more responsible adults."
"Accommodations?" Bean asked. 
"The girls will be in an ASU certified off-campus residence. Two girls to a room. The room consists of two beds, two sets of drawers, two study desks, chairs, closets, etc. There's a communal bathroom and shower room on each floor. The residence changes bed linens once a week. Towels and face clothes are available in storage closets. Just take one out and drop it in a bin when you've finished. Girls provide their own soap, shampoo, and other toiletries. While we try to limit exposure to the heat by practicing in the mornings, girls will need lots of sunscreen. This is a girls only residence and no boys are allowed inside at any time. We have strict rules about staying up with studies and staying clear of boys. If a player doesn't, and if she doesn't heed our warning, we may send her home." 
"Where do you see Maddy going with her skills?" Wolf asked.
"She'll work primarily on her pitching. From the games I watched, I saw that she has a good fastball, a reasonable curve ball, and a usable change up. Keep in mind that the teams you were playing in Montana were quite weak. Her skills showed well against beginners, but she can't expect the same success against experienced players. We will have her work on all of a pitcher's usual repertoire. I expect her to succeed but she will have difficult days when our expectations don't match what she's giving us."
"Pitching as a leftie?" Cowboy asked.
"Learning how to pitch as a rightie will take up all of her energy. If she wishes to work on her own with her left hand, an ambidextrous pitcher can change arms to cross up a batter occasionally. But, we'll be trying to make her into a powerful rightie."
"Catcher?" Mac asked.
"As a second position, yes. I saw her calling some good pitch sequences."
"Same questions for Audrey," Mrs. Lee spoke for the first time since Maddy's family had arrived. 
"Same answers mostly. Audrey should be a pitcher, not a short stop. We'll use the short stop as her second position. She will have to rely on accuracy and a full repertoire of spins and drops. She does not have overpowering speed with her fastball. Her body type, and her mother's body type, suggest that this limitation will continue. She'll make up for it by accuracy and fooling the batter." 
"I see that you know your baseball," Coach Lee started. "I don't recognize your name and I have a daughter studying in Arizona. I would have heard about you, I think."
"I'm a recent arrival to Arizona. I learned my baseball in the east."
"What about the coaching staff at the camp?"
"The usual. We draw on ASU baseball players for the morning practices. We have access to a physiotherapist/masseuse whenever anybody needs one. While we do not have a formal agreement with ASU, our most successful girls could find a career with ASU's women's baseball program. Does your daughter attend the University of Arizona?" 
"Yes."
"U of A is a good school, but they don't do an outreach program like ours. Finding the good prospects early is a key to success later."
"Costs?" Mrs. Lee asked.
"I'll give you information on that after you've seen the campus. Keep in mind that your daughter is using top-notch ASU facilities. Do the girls have a question?"
Maddy and Audrey looked at each other but said nothing.
"Shall we talk about a tour then? Two of our sponsors are picking up the tab while you're in Tempe, but you'll copter down and back on your own. Just so you know, the two pitchers from Missoula will be taking the tour with you."
"Louella and Pilar are going to ASU?" Maddy asked.
"Well, they sounded interested."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 5 

It was Saturday in a highly secure room in the Colorado governor's mansion. Stook was introducing the guests, each of whom had been guided to that room through a series of passages and locked doors by members of Stook's or Sheila's staff at slightly different times. 
"I don't know what we should call ourselves," Stook started. "I guess we should wait and see what agreements we're able to make and what each of you feels about the actions that California has taken. Most of you will know each other already." 
[Here Stook gave the personal name and position of the guests. That's a lot of names for you to digest all at once. I'll just tell you that the governors from Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming and Arizona had responded. Each of these states shared a border with California and/or Utah.] 
"I have a number of other guests to introduce as well:" [You may assume that each of them raised a hand when they were introduced.]
"General Jock MacLatchie, Chief of Staff of the Saskatchewan Army and his aide, Lieutenant Lucas Wiltz." 
"Mr. Stu McKenzie, a man that Colorado calls on for legal advice from time to time."
"I believe all of you have met my wife Sheila and this is her aide, Jane Macintosh. If you want to get her attention, call her Mac. Everything that happens within this group is coordinated out of Sheila's office. If you have a question, call Mac." 
"Our last guests that I have to introduce, and the reason for our elaborate security precautions, are two men who were never here. On the left is Mr. Juan Fuentes, President of Mexico. Mr. Fuentes is accompanied by General Estrada who has responsibilities for Northwest Mexico. Accompanying them is the Billings police captain, James Jackson, who had worked for General Estrada as a young man."
"My own aide for this venture is Melissa. If you wish to contact me about California, please go through Melissa. At the end of this meeting, we'll provide a list of participant names and contact information, minus those from Mexico, of course."
 "I'll ask General MacLatchie to brief you on what California did this last week. He'll tell you what Colorado knows for certain and what we think we know. We've been nosing around without drawing attention to ourselves. General, you have the floor."
 # # # # # # # # 
"They have a large number of personal copters, pilots and arms, you say?" Wyoming asked.
"Yes, we know that for sure. Colorado was able to conduct some ground-based surveillance."
"Did I understand you to say that women and children are being held as hostages to ensure cooperation?" Arizona asked. 
"We believe so, but we could not confirm that. Bear in mind that their military camp is not hidden at all. That means that they are not concerned about anybody attacking them. In our view, that means hostages."
"We would agree with that," General Estrada offered.
"What do they want?" Idaho asked.
"We don't know," Jock answered. "We'll find out if we enter into discussions with them. Governor Villa wants to be able to tell her constituents that California is the most powerful state in the west. We believe she wants to extend California's brown supremacy environment. But, we don't know if that's what her lover, Cooper Rivera, wants. It's easy to take possession of a mostly uninhabitable state by surprise. It's harder to hold onto it. We should not believe anything that man says." 
"What do you want from us, Stook?" President Fuentes asked. "Mexico cannot be seen to be supporting your cause, nor can we enter your country."
"We want security for the small Colorado outpost that we have established for trade purposes in Tijuana. It would be easy for California to amass an overwhelming number of drunken men, charge across the border and kill everybody. Most of the people there are Californian whites who have fled to Tijuana for safety. We consider them Colorado citizens. Colorado wants to use what few military resources we have elsewhere." 
"We have a growing number of Mexican citizens in Tijuana. We also have invested much money in that city. General, you will bring the 4th Armored Division to Tijuana and make yourself noticeable. Do not cross the border unless California invades Tijuana."
"Si, mon presidente."
"In addition, we'll give you a platoon of California bikers who have had some training in being a Mexican mobile attack group. Officially, we know nothing about this group. Use them as you wish. I believe the Mexican army lieutenant running that platoon could be a Colorado citizen." 
"He is now."
"We can also provide arms and ammunition if you need them."
 "Is Colorado running this army, if that's what we're forming?" Wyoming asked.
"We would prefer not to, but unless one of you wants to take leadership and provide the resources, we will lead. Does anybody else want to lead?"
...
"Fine. Colorado will take the lead. What I want from you is help. Politically, militarily, or nutritionally. What can you give us?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"Well, did you get what you wanted, Stook?"
"I got what I expected Stu. Militarily, we're on our own. I wish we had more help but all those states are poor. They don't have enough revenue to have a military. They're lucky if they have law enforcement. Mexico was a big relief. We can carry on in Tijuana without fearing an invasion."
"And politically?" Stu continued.
"Your idea for a joint defensive pact worked well. They agreed to the draft that you drew up. Getting signatures on a final copy before everybody left was a bonus."
"The treaty has no end point," Jock noted. 
"Yes. States can withdraw, but they have to go through the provisions for withdrawing first, which means they might be pressured to re-think their decision. Until one of the participants withdraws, any entity that attacks Colorado, Oregon, Idaho, Wyoming and/or Arizona is deemed to attack us all. You and Presidente Fuentes have a slightly different gentleman's agreement that has not been put on paper. You have agreed to co-operate unofficially when it's in the best interests of both Mexico and Colorado to do so."
"I was impressed with General Estrada," Jock commented. "We had some conversations during the breaks." 
"What about nutritionally?" Melissa asked. 
"Idaho and Wyoming will ensure that Salt Lake City will receive sufficient food for people to survive. "
"Militarily Jock, what do we have that Melissa will be able to use?"
"We have all of the Wilizy resources as Hank stipulated. That includes one hundred cadets and thirty Valkyries. We have superior weaponry. We have invisibility. We also have satellite surveillance. We should set up the command headquarters in one of the ships and place it over Sacramento. We should also have a ship over Salt Lake City for surveillance purposes."
"Wilizy/America and Wilizy/Europe are available, General."
"Thanks, Lucas. Put those into place as quickly as possible, please. For communication purposes, rename them Wilizy/Sacramento and Wilizy/Salt Lake." 
"What about the military forces in Colorado, Jock? The NORAD army? Could we add them to our forces? They have taken direction from Colorado before."
 "That's a good idea, Sheila. Lucas, do you have any idea on numbers?"
Sheila answered first. "I have those numbers already, Jock. Fourteen attack copters, six large troop transports, and weaponry and ammunitions coming out their kazoo."
"How'd you get that info, Sheila?"
"I asked Stanley Vincent what forces they had when he left NORAD. You know, he might be an ideal person to be our liaison with NORAD. He could probably get NORAD's military personnel to help us out as well."
"I thought they hated him," Jock said.
"They may still do. But would they still hate him if he were going to lead them into battles of some kind?"
"They'd jump at the chance," Lucas said. "However, as far as they know, he's dead."
"So, now he's alive," Sheila said. "Surprise! Don't military men appreciate a well-planned diversion? Jock, they know you from your work on the court martial. You could probably clear the way for Stanley to have an official command position with them. Tell them that you had arranged for him to have an extended leave so that he could testify at the court martial. He's been in Saskatchewan since."
"That would work. I'll take care of that."
"If you're going to use a ship for surveillance over Salt Lake, it would probably be a good idea if you staffed the ship with women from the cadet camp. They could teach some of the Wilizy youngsters how to perform sensor duties under battle conditions. They'd feel part of the mission and would be able to help in future missions. It would be easy to make a roster."
"And do you have that roster, Sheila?"
"Me? Goodness no. That would be presumptuous. But I can suggest that you consider Will, Izzy, Jock, Emily, Yo-Yo, Hank, Ivanika, and Petro. They'd get a kick out of staying up late. If you're wondering about ages, Granny has all their birthdates in a book. She's willing to share."
"Why don't you set that up, Sheila? Granny can be your initial contact."
 # # # # # # # # 
In Tempe Arizona, on that same Saturday, the two families from Billings had finished their tour of campus and were now inside Coach Murphy's office. They have just informed him that they were prepared to enroll Maddy and Audrey in the camp. The parents and girls from Missoula had already been in that office and had emerged with everybody smiling, especially Pilar and Louella. Coach Murphy is describing the camp's costs as we join them.
"And this sheet has all of your costs summarized. I've listed them from biggest to smallest. You can see that boarding costs are largest and that's because there's a high demand for living close to campus...."
Mrs. Lee had scanned to the bottom of the page and had rushed out of the room. Audrey saw her fleeing, wailed "Nooooooo," and followed her out. "Nooooooo! Nooooooo! Nooooooo!"
That made for an awkward silence. 
"We have a daughter in university," Coach Lee started. "I should go now." He got up to leave, the unsigned papers ignored on the round table that they had been sitting around.
"Let's talk outside, Coach Lee," Coach Murphy rose with him and followed him out the door.
Mac, Wolf, and Maddy had nothing to say, at least not out loud. Maddy looked at Wolf and Mac who were focused intently on each other.
"Mind messaging about me when I'm right here is rude," Maddy exclaimed. "Am I part of this family or not?"
"You're right, Maddy," Mac agreed. "We weren't talking about you but you have the right to hear what we were thinking."
"I was asking Mac if we could afford to help the Lee family out with the expenses."
"I was asking Wolf if the Lee's would even accept that kind of offer. This camp is quite expensive. We think it's worth it for you and we can handle the cost. But, it would be hard for many families to be able to afford it."
"Audrey's my best friend, Mom. We wanted to room together."
"I know, dear."
"Let's see what Coach Murphy has to say. He was quick to get out of his chair."
"I can't go if Audrey isn't going too. That would really hurt her."
"Let's wait a bit before we make any decisions."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

It was Sunday, Winnie's day to visit her parents. She rapped twice on the front door, opened it, and stepped inside. "It's me, Mom. Where are you?"
"Basement," a voice replied. "Come on down. I've been expecting you."
...
"What are you doing rooting through those barrels?"
"Reminiscing." Yolanda held up a small dress for Winnie to see. "You wore this when you were 5." She came over and held it up to Winnie's body.
"I remember that one. I sure was tiny."
"Yes. Hank had a lot of trouble finding new clothes for you at Christmas." Yolanda paused and handed the dress to Winnie. She looked at Winnie in curiosity and then walked around her. "Are you OK?"
"I'm fine, Mom."
"You look tired."
"I'm fine."
"Have you been sleeping enough?"
"Sure, Mom."
"Stress from work?"
"No, Mom."
"You look like you've been having sex for the last.... two days, maybe three."
"Mom!"
"That's OK with me. What you do with your body is none of my business."
"Mom, where are you getting this from?" 
"Far be it for me, your mother, to expect you to share your big news with me." Yolanda walked behind Winnie, put her hands on her shoulders, and massaged them.
"Yes, I see...."
"Mom...."
Her hands went to Winnie's forehead and her fingers probed gently.
"Yes, I can see you. Almost three days in bed. Oooh. Not always in bed. I've always been able to read you, Winnie. Non-stop sex, I'd say. Oy, vey. It's like you were rabbits."
"Where you'd get the Jewish mother act?"
"Oy, vey was too much? I should take lessons in becoming a Jewish mother?"
"Who told you?"
"That you are in love and have had sex over and over and over?"
"Yes, I'm in love and I've been very busy."
 "Well, since you voluntarily told me, I'll forgive you for taking so long to tell me."
"Mom, our last romp ended half an hour ago! I came right here."
 "Oy vey. I hope you bathed."
"Mom, I had been showering at the time."
"Such details are not necessary. Let's not be vulgar now. Oy, vey. Look what I raised. Miss potty mouth."
"Seriously, Mom. Lose the Jewish mother act."
"I thought that I did it rather well. I'm very happy for you, Sweetie. Give me a hug."
...
"Does Dad know?"
"Oy, vey. Poor man, he would lose his mind."
"Your face says he doesn't know."
"No. I thought that you might want to be the one to tell him. It's a big day for you. Being in love. All of us are very happy for you."
"All of us?"
"Some women in camp may know."
"Oy, vey. You told others?"
"Being in love should be shared. It reminded me when your dad and I were first in love. I can remember our first..."
"Oy, vey. Such details should not be shared, Mom. Don't be a potty mouth."
 "Women like to be reminded what it was like to be in love. It's not intruding. It's like sharing the happiness of your first love. Your dad may get lucky tonight."
"I didn't hear that. How much sharing with the women are we talking about, Mom?"
"If somebody winks at you, she knows. She's telling you that she's happy for you."
"Oy, vey. Everybody in the camp knows?"
"Only the women. Good news travels fast."
"How did you find out? Don't tell me that you could read me. I've been hiding things from you for ages."
"Oy, vey?"
"Who told you?"
"Guinny. She visited Granny yesterday. She said that you had an old witch of a boss who messed you up somehow. Apparently, you had disappeared with your man Friday morning and hadn't been seen since. She's very happy for you, by the way. So are the other women in her family."
"Guinny said that?"
"Yes. You didn't tell me that you had an old witch of a boss."
"My boss is not so bad. Guinny exaggerated."
"Who's the guy? When will we meet him?"
"When Hell freezes over if you keep prying."
"Last time for the Jewish mother shtick. You first."
"Oy, vey."
"Oy, vey."
 # # # # # # # # 
Same day, different location. Jock, Stanley, Hank and Lucas were meeting in the Wilizy/Sacramento. 
"What forces did NORAD give you, Stanley?" Jock asked.
"Everything they had, but battle orders have to come from me," Stanley replied. 
"That's reasonable. With Mexico in place to watch Southern California and Tijuana, we'll put the NORAD forces where they can respond to any threats coming out of Salt Lake City. We have Granny and her kiddies watching from the Wilizy/Salt Lake. We also have some surveillance from William's satellite. If California is looking for more territory, they'll likely move north out of Salt Lake. If they want to take out Tijuana, they'll bring their Salt Lake forces through Nevada and link up the Sacramento forces either in Sacramento or in mid California. Can NORAD cover that much ground, Stanley?" 
"If California attacks Idaho or Wyoming, they have a long flight in front of them. NORAD's copters have twice the speed of their personal copters and can fly twice as high. We can cover a lot of ground."
"And if they reinforce the Sacramento forces?"
"That's still a long way to fly. I'll split NORAD's contribution into two squadrons in case they attack from two directions." Stanley again. 
"Our armaments?" Jock asked.
"Vastly superior. NORAD's forces are at the same level as Mexico's. California has men with rifles in personal copters."
"What are we doing? Destroying their forces or blocking them?"
"We're blocking, Hank. We can't do anything else until we neutralize their deterrent. Melissa has a plan on that but we don't have the Valkyries in place yet. Lucas, did you confirm that Sacramento's military can talk to Salt Lake's military?"
"Yes General, but they need a cell tower to do that."
"I thought that would be the case." 
 # # # # # # # # 
Same day, different location. The Wilizy women were alone in the cadet mess hall. The cadets were long gone. The Valkyries had been meeting as a group and stood up to leave. They all looked at Winnie and winked before turning and going back to their barracks. Winnie just shook her head. Everybody sitting at her table had already winked at her as they walked in and sat down. We're talking forty plus women who knew. After supper, Mac and Melissa filled Winnie in on the current situation.
 # # # # # # # # 
 "I got it," Winnie said. "California, Nevada, Utah, Tijuana.... the works."
"How much of your time can you give us?" Melissa asked. 
"With advance warning, quite a bit. I'm not doing anything right now that can't be delayed, but I'll need time to shift people around."
"Sounds like you are in charge of something, Winnie."
"Not much, Mom. I have to organize who cleans out the staff refrigerator, that kind of thing."
"How do we communicate with you?" Mac asked. "Your electronic security barriers are something else, I hear."
"I used to stay in touch with Maddy quite a bit, but not much since she went back to school. Reese would know how to reach me." 
"Good. Melissa will be in touch on the planning front. We'd like you to comment on our overall plans. If you see something that you can help with, sing out."
"Mac, how'd Maddy's baseball visit go?" Granny asked.
"The Tucson tour went very well, but Audrey's family couldn't handle the costs. The coach spoke to them privately and offered them a scholarship of some kind and that changed everything for them. He seemed quite intent on having both Audrey and Maddy there together. Maddy wouldn't go if Audrey couldn't go. Wolf and I were impressed with him. Coach Lee said that the man knew his baseball." 
"We took Maddy down this morning. She's rooming with Audrey, as we required. I told Maddy that she should take care of Audrey because she can be a little naive at times. Annie Lee told Audrey that she'd have to take care of Maddy because Maddy can be too impetuous at times. We worked that out beforehand. Annie is a nice woman but she's very shy."
"I don't know anything about this. Fill me in. What tour were you taking?"
"Well Winnie, this all started when some baseball scouts..."
The Borg's Gossip Central had just captured another gossiper. Resistance is futile. Gossip, gossip. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

The week of Monday, January 11 passed quickly and without a violent incident. The Valkyries had little difficulty infiltrating Salt Lake City in the early morning of Tuesday. The city had no air defenses, so Mac simply put a transport copter down in the city's Sugar Lake Park and thirty women, each with two suitcases, disembarked. They set up a temporary camp in a dense forest next to the duck pond and settled down for a nap. Later that morning, each of them would make their way to a designated hotel and would register as a guest from Logan, Utah. They would not meet again as a group in public. However, each evening they would have a mind-message conference where they might receive instructions from Mac who would be in the Wilizy/Salt Lake moored above the city. If they had been given any orders, they would report what they had done to whichever mom was in the Wilizy/Salt Lake and she would forward the pertinent details. 
Each Valkyrie had a designated section of the city to investigate. Here's what they found out on their first day. 
The families of the Nevadan men of color who had been coerced into joining the California air force were housed in the Salt Lake Plaza Hotel. That hotel had no security on its doors during the day. The families could leave and visit with their men, tour downtown, eat, whatever. The hotel was not closed to other guests who could come into their restaurant, or even register. At 10 pm, guards would set up at all of the hotel's entrances and would block any colored Nevadan from leaving. The guards would also ensure that every Nevadan family was in their rooms. They'd do that by knocking on a hotel room door, waiting for somebody to open the door, peering inside, and then moving on to the next door. They were told that if any families were not present for roll call, a family next door would be killed.
The Nevadan men of color were in a rough camp at Lindsay Garden Park. They also had to be in the camp at 10 pm. During the day, some had to be at their copter in case they were attacked. Others were free to roam around the city during the day. 
The copters were parked in tidy rows in a large green space in Lindsay Garden Park. Security guards were on duty 24/7. No copters were flying patrols over the city.
The Valkyries who had been assigned to explore the suburbs of the city reported that all skin colors were represented in quantity as they had hoped. They also learned that meeting Salt Lake citizens would not be a problem. Folks were universally friendly and security guards were not present in the suburbs. 
The white families who had been forced out of Nevada were housed inside the Salt Lake Temple in Temple Square, a huge ten-acre plot in downtown Salt Lake City. The temple itself had walls of granite that were 16 feet deep and 16 feet thick. The walls that sat on the foundation were 9 feet thick at the base and tapered to 6 feet at the top. The temple was worth millions of dollars. Members of the church, who were commonly called Mormons, considered the church sacred. 
Californian security guards surrounded the building. As some Valkyries watched, they were hanging signs on the exterior walls announcing, ACTIVE BOMB SITE, DO NOT APPROACH THE TEMPLE. Also as they watched, the ten whites that were sitting manacled to some benches in the sunshine were taken inside the temple and another ten were brought out under security. The new ten sat in the sunshine and were manacled to the bench. As the signs went up on the temple walls, Temple Square became deserted. The Valkyries and the citizens of SLC had just discovered why the California Air Force did not have to fly security patrols over the city. 
This news went to Mac, and next to Reese, and then to Winnie who finished clearing her calendar of appointments for the month. She met with Guinny on Wednesday morning. 
"Who do you need?" Guinny asked without waiting for a briefing.
"Cassie and Paula at some point."
"It would be nice if that temple weren't blown up. Do you know what California is after?"
"Not yet. Jock doesn't want to open communications with them. He's guessing that they want to own one or more states. Probably Colorado. If they don't have an opportunity tell him what they want, he doesn't have to respond to their threats."
"Nothing is stopping California from opening discussions directly with the governor."
"Jock anticipated that. He's waiting for Pancha Villa's lover to return to Sacramento. He has to be there to lead the Sacramento forces. We'll be expecting an attack somewhere after he returns."
"Speaking of lovers?"
"Galahad is breaking in new recruits and has taken his cargo ship off for extended drills. He says that he's going to name the ship after me."
"Do you approve of that?'
"It big, bulky, slow, and ugly."
"That would be a No then."
"It's hard to tell when he's joking. I can't read his face any more."
"It'll do you good to have a little mystery in your life."
"You stopped me from being able to read his face?"
"Yeah. I liked Galahad's grandfather. I can't have you bossing his grandson around."
"You think I'm bossy?"
"You wouldn't be sitting here if you weren't. Your job requires you to take charge."
"But?" 
"You'd be wise to think of Lillian's and Joe-Joe's relationship. They've lasted for eight centuries and they still go out for romantic evenings on their sailing ship. She doesn't boss Joe-Joe around."
"Do you miss having a relationship?"
"With Arthur, yes. Very much so."
 # # # # # # # # 
Sunday, Winnie was meeting with Melissa and Mac to discuss the overall plan.
"I didn't see any holes in it," Winnie said. "Your time lines might be more pessimistic than they need to but those can always be adjusted."
"Do you want to be involved anywhere?" Mac asked.
"I'll take care of the bomb that's inside the temple. I know people who can get in there and disable it."
"We'll have to coordinate the timing."
"Yeah, I saw that. I'll be in Salt Lake City personally."
"I'll be in the ship overhead," Mac said. 
 # # # # # # # # 
In Tempe that week of January 11, Audrey and Maddy were reveling in living in an adult environment, in an adult-like residence, and doing adult-like activities such as practicing baseball and studying diligently in their room. Their parents had trusted them to behave like adults and they weren't going to disappoint. 
Maddy and Audrey weren't aware that Arizona State University was populated by a fair number of adult age men and women who didn't behave like adults and probably never would. To be blunt, and totally candid, ASU was known as a party university. 
The campus was empty during their tour and so the baseball parents didn't see the university when it was in session. In their first week, Maddy and Audrey were mostly self-quarantined in a small practice diamond or in their small bedroom. They did see ASU students in the cafeterias on campus where everybody ate quickly and left for class. They didn't see them at night in the streets, which were full of bars and clubs. Maddy and Audrey didn't know those streets existed. Their campus tour did not include a trip around the Tempe streets just outside the university campus. If that tour had foolishly included those streets, the sight of bar, after bar, after bar might have revealed the environment in which Coach Murphy had placed his baseball program. 
That's not to say that there weren't mature and dedicated university students at ASU. There were. You could find them in the libraries, lecture halls, seminar rooms, extra help seminars, writing clinics, computer labs and so on. They studied long hours and spent most of their weekends preparing papers and completing assignments. 
The others left campus Thursday night and headed to the town of Punkin Center in Gila County, which is about 30 flying miles northeast of Tempe. The area had numerous desert lodges where the students were able to conduct scientific studies on the use of what are called 'MescalMeth' chemicals. 
On Friday mornings, ASU students would check into their MescalMeth seminars as soon as they arrived at their desert lodge of choice and would begin their scientific explorations immediately. The lodge hosting the seminars would peel the students off the walls and floors Sunday afternoon in time for them to return to campus for ASU's Monday's classes. 
You may be wondering how the students could hope to pass their courses, trip on MescalMeth on the weekends, and stagger around drunk the rest of the time. They had no hope of success as a student but they didn't care. For a year or less they would live on their parents' naive benevolence. 
You may ask, What was wrong with the university? They had to know that students were not turning in papers or showing up for tests. Of course they were. For many years, the philosophy of universities worldwide has been: You are here to study. We will provide the buildings, the courses, and the professors. It's up to you to use them. It's not our job to remind you to turn in your papers in on time. It's not our job to cajole you into attending classes. You're an adult. We are not going to hold your hand. 
You may recall hearing those words before.
Coach Murphy's very words to Maddy and Audrey's parents were: We are not there to hold their hands and tell them to do their homework. He meant what he said.
 # # # # # # # # 
"Doc, we now understand the process of in vitro fertilization in theory," Lylah started. "Collect one or more eggs, collect the sperm, and place them together in a liquid in a glass dish in a lab. [The term' in vitro' means 'in glass.'] Incubate the glass dish with attention to temperature and infection control for 48 to 120 hours. About 2 to 5 days after fertilization, the best fertilized eggs will be available for implantation in the body of the birth mother."
"We would have to live in Los Angeles for at least a couple of weeks because it might take time and some persuasion for the ovaries to produce an egg. Then, there'll be tests to determine if the pregnancy is going the way it should. Usually, because you are artificially stimulating the ovaries, you could get multiple eggs. In theory, we could have twins which we'll have to think about."
"The chances of the process creating a baby are 40%-50% for women in their 20s. If it didn't work, we could try again with an egg that they had frozen for us." 
"It's expensive. We're looking at $10,000 to $20,000 US for the artificial insemination process. Plus, there'll be costs for tests beforehand, test afterwards, plus costs of staying in LA. Wizard said we can handle that kind of cost." 
"Except for the egg retrieval, the process is not painful, but stimulating the ovaries to produce eggs can be uncomfortable. This is done under some form of sedation. We can have a woman doctor in both clinics if that is what we want." 
"Did you get a lot of sales pressure?" Doc asked.
"No. None whatsoever."
"What's the next step for you now?"
"We find out if there's something wrong with our bodies. Lohla and I will have an ultrasound test. Lucas gets to donate some sperm that will be examined under a microscope. They have room for us to be tested tomorrow. Test results will be available Friday. Is that OK for you?"
"Sure. I have plenty of things to do to keep me busy. You guys can cruise around Hollywood looking for movie stars." [Those things that Doc talked about? He would be observing the procedures in progress and preparing a recording on how to implant a fertilized egg.] 
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday. An unhappy trio walked into Doc's hotel room. 
"Lucas is a healthy and vibrant donor," Lylah said as she walked through the door. "Lohla and I can't have babies because of radiation burns. We're all cried out now. We're ready to go home."
"Did they show you the results of the tests?" Doc asked.
"Yeah," Lucas replied. "They gave us everything, including copies of lab results and ultrasound tests. I asked for tests so that I could show them to our family doctor like you suggested."
"Let's take a look."
 # # # # # # # # 
"It's not as bad as you thought," Doc began. "Lylah's radiation burns are to her ovaries. She may be producing eggs, but they would be severely damaged. Her uterus looks.... possible. Lohla is the opposite. Badly burned uterus, but fertile eggs are possible. This means that Lohla can supply the eggs and Lylah can get pregnant. That's according to these test results. Nothing is guaranteed. Ultrasound tests are difficult to read and they may not catch everything. We won't know for sure until the actual birth."
"The baby could be deformed?"
"I don't think so. You'll know for sure that Lylah's eggs are good when the lab starts the fertilization process. If there's going to be a problem, it will happen before your due date."
"Should we go for twins?"
"Definitely not. That will put extra pressure on your uterus and it may be somewhat compromised already. Have them fertilize a second egg and freeze it. The three of you need to talk. A miscarriage is a distinct possibility."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

Week of Monday, January 18, 10 am.
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: This is Will. Be aware that enemy copter #1 is in the air and heading to Sacramento. We will lose coverage in an hour."
[Mac had insisted that the youngsters learn proper protocols for message transmissions. She hadn't had much success with the adults over the years, but these were youngsters and more easily intimidated.]
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Wilizy/Salt Lake: Are you sure of the identity?"
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: This is Will. Yes, on the identity. Izzy used the ship's long-range telescope to see the California governor's crest. It's definitely Rivera."
 "Wilizy/Sacramento to Wilizy/Salt Lake: Is he carrying passengers?"
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: This is Will. We only have visibility of the copters once they're in the air. Izzy says she can do a sling run to check."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Wilizy/Salt Lake: We'll know soon enough. Nice try, Izzy."
"Mom, it's not fair. Will's hogging the communications console."
"You have even shifts, Izzy."
"Last time, Will had one minute longer, Mom. I timed it."
"Observe radio silence, Izzy or Granny will keel haul you."
"What's keel hauling, Melissa? I should know if I'm going to do it her."
"Wilizy/Sacramento: Over and out."
So much for Mac's proper messaging protocols. 
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday: 10 am. 
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: Be aware that a large number of copters are in the air above Salt Lake City and are waiting in formation for others to join them. It looks like they are taking everything with them including ammunition transport copters."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Wilizy/Salt Lake: Any idea where they are headed yet?" [Jock was asking the question.]
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: No indication yet. They have at least ten more minutes of hovering. They're very disorganized right now."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to all forces: Californians in Salt Lake City are on the move. Charley Echo 1: Scramble the NORAD copters." [Charley Echo 1 was Stanley Vincent.]
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadrons 1 and 2. Form position aloft and wait for instructions."
...
"Wilizy/Salt Lake to Wilizy/Sacramento: Salt Lake forces are heading south-west."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Charley Echo 1. Looks like the enemy is heading to Sacramento."
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1: Set up blocking position at Table Mountain and await further instructions."
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 2: Return to base."
"Charley Echo 1 to Surveillance 1. Please follow the Salt Lake City force that is en route to Sacramento or thereabouts. Activate your GSP when you have them in sight." [Surveillance 1 was Lucas in his sling.]
...
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Mexican Liaison Officer: We're seeing some action in Sacramento now. Nothing imminent. Please let General Estrada know that California may be attacking with all of its forces today. NORAD will prevent Salt Lake City forces from participating."
"Well, hit my granny with a rice noodle and call her sleepy." [Messages to the Mexican forces could not be sent through the Wilizy communications network. Guess who the Liaison Officer was.] 
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday: 11:30 am. 
"Surveillance 1 to Charley Echo 1: Enemy will be passing south of Table Mountain. They aren't aware of your forces yet."
"Charley Echo 1 to Surveillance 1. Discontinue surveillance. Remain in the vicinity."
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1. Shift the blocking line to the south and await instructions." 
...
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1: Enemy is in sight. Assume Star Burst formation."
[In the Starburst formation, all seven NORAD copters deployed to high altitude positions, as though fireworks had just exploded in the sky. Being high in the sky gave them the opportunity, if needed, to attack by diving towards the ground. With that, their superior speed would become even more superior. That position also made it possible for them to fire their forward fuselage cannon by just aiming their copter at the enemy copter. The enemy copter could respond by firing his own cannon, if he had any cannon on the top of his copter and if those cannon could fire without shooting off his own rotors. Height is everything in a copter attack.] 
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1: Test fire forward cannon for ten seconds."
...
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1: Advance the formation. When you are directly above enemy formation, dive. Fire into the ground."
...
"Charley Echo 1 to Squadron 1: Enemy formation has broken and is retreating. Follow them at a twenty second distance."
"Charley Echo 1 to Surveillance 1: Resume surveillance. Report when the enemy is back in Salt Lake and on the ground."
"Charley Echo 1 to Wilizy/Sacramento: The Salt Lake force is in retreat. No fatalities."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to NORAD Squadron 1. Well done, NORAD."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Mexican Liaison Officer: Please advise General Estrada that the Salt Lake forces will not be joining Sacramento Forces. It is not necessary for you to reply to this command."
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday: 1 pm. 
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Surveillance 2: Please advise on the numbers of copters leaving Sacramento and their armaments." [Hank was Surveillance 2 and he was in his sling.]
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Mexican Liaison Officer: Please advise General Estrada that an armed force out of Sacramento is in the air and is on course to reach Tijuana in twenty-five minutes. Details will follow."
"Surveillance 2 to Wilizy/Sacramento: Enemy force consists of twenty-four personal copters with eight armed men in each copter." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Surveillance 1 to Charley Echo 1: Be aware that the Salt Lake enemy has passed Salt Lake City and is headed east. The most obvious target would be Casper, Wyoming."
"Charley Echo 1 to Surveillance 1: Maintain surveillance and advise on distance from Casper."
"Charley Echo 1 to Wilizy/Sacramento: Be advised that enemy forces in Utah have continued eastward and appear to be on course for Casper Wyoming. NORAD Squadron 2 will be in position to repel them."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Charley Echo 1: Be advised that Sacramento forces are closing in on Tijuana. Forces are inferior. Carry on with your forces as discussed previously. It is not necessary to communicate with Wilizy/Sacramento at this point. We're busy here now."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Surveillance 2: Begin continuous report to Wilizy/Sacramento on the battle at the border."
"Surveillance 2 to Wilizy/Sacramento. Sacramento forces are coming into view of the Mexican defensive wall. General Estrada has eight armored attack copters hovering at treetop level fifty meters from the Californian border. They have forward shooting automatic cannon. If Californians are dropped from the copters, those cannon will shred the attacking force as soon as they cross the border. The Mexicans have marked that border clearly."
"Another eight high speed attack copters are hovering at their maximum altitude fifty meters from the Californian border. If Californian copters cross the border, they will not be able to get the height advantage and will not be able to return fire."
"Another eight high speed attack copters are a mile off the California coast line. They will be in position to attack from the flank. That flanking force is now creeping forward and firing their weapons into the sea to attract attention."
"Estrada is now using the same warning tactic with both of his forces inside Mexico. The max altitude forces are firing into the sky. The ground level copters are firing into Mexican ground. Nobody will be able fly through that wall of bullets. The Californian force has turned and is in retreat. I will accompany them to their base."
"Cowboy, please pass my congratulations to General Estrada for his successful defense of Mexico's borders and his admirable tactics. Cowboy, use my words, not yours."
"Yes, General."
 # # # # # # # #
"Charley Echo 1 to Wilizy/Sacramento: Please be advised that the Salt Lake forces encountered Squadron 2 fifty miles inside Wyoming territory. Again, we had height and easily repulsed them. On their way back to Salt Lake City, they took a sharp turn north and appeared to be heading to Pocatello, Idaho. Surveillance 1 reported their course change and Squadron 2 in company with Squadron 1 drove them to tree top level with a high speed, high altitude faux attack. We followed them out of Idaho with simulated attacks and ground explosions. Their forces scattered in disarray."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to NORAD Squadrons 1 and 2: Well done. Wyoming and Idaho thank you."
"Wilizy/Sacramento to Surveillance 1: Destroy the cell tower that was allowing Sacramento to communicate with Salt Lake City." 
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday morning, a Sacramento government copter left the grounds of the governor's mansion and headed east. Wilizy/Sacramento personnel noticed this immediately and Jock assigned Hank to follow it in his sling. He also alerted Stanley that Rivera was heading to Salt Lake on his own. Stanley scrambled two additional NORAD copters to join with him and headed out to meet Rivera. He was pretty sure that he knew where Rivera was heading. What he didn't know is what Rivera would do after he got there. 
...
Hank was reporting back to Wilizy/Sacramento and to Charlie Echo 1. 
"Rivera is hovering over the remains of the cell tower connecting Sacramento to Salt Lake. He has no way to restore it and Rivera must realize that. Hang on."
...
"Rivera is heading due east and he's hugging the ground."
"That puts him on course for Denver. Does he have any weapons on that ship?"
"He has the standard weapons for that class of copters. My guess is he'll try to sneak into Salt Lake City from the south."
"I agree," Jock said. "Stanley, come up from behind and give him a taste of what he'd be flying into. Do that now."
...
"He's turned around, General. He saw us though. We had no reason to be in this area. He'll realize that we had surveillance on him in Sacramento."
"Yes. He'll conclude that he has some Californian citizens spying on him. That'll keep him close to home."
 # # # # # # # #
Friday. Winnie had offered to take responsibility for removing the bomb or bombs from the Salt Lake Temple without having a plan to do so. She thought that she should assume that several bombs were in the building. Given the status of the temple as a high profile religious building, it seemed appropriate for Heaven to save it. Detailed planning could follow. First she had to put a team together that could neutralize those bombs. After that, she'd need surveillance of the interior of the temple. 
Winnie's first choice was for Galahad to disarm the bombs. No surprise there. But Galahad was on an extended training run and the Angelion.98 ship was far off in space. She talked with Joe-Joe who already knew what was happening in Salt Lake City. He suggested that she recruit Shields who had just returned from a training run where she had captained the Angelion.98 and was now on shore leave, which meant that she didn't have much to do. They met in downtown Heaven outside one of the new flower shops.
"You have a flower!" Winnie observed.
"I love flowers," Shields admitted. "I don't think I'll wear it in the barracks though. I don't need more teasing."
"Teasing?"
"The guys are bowing and scraping whenever I come into a room. I'm now officially a captainess."
"Does that bother you?"
"Nah. They don't mean anything by it. I give as good as I get."
"Is your duty on just the Angelion.98 or also on the 52?"
"Both, for now. I'm training my replacement for the 52. When Captain finishes the shake down trips, I'll be full time captain on the 98." 
"What happens with the war games? Are we entering both ships?"
"No. Captain wants me to have a chance at being on the winning team, so the 98 will be our entry. No way would anybody be able to stop the 52."
"First female captain in Angelion history. Quite a coup."
"Captain Galahad made it possible. He gave me lots of training besides defensive armaments."
"I didn't know that."
"I know about the two of you."
"Is there anybody in Heaven who doesn't?"
"If they do, they didn't hear it from the crew of the 52."
"Are you up for a stint of bomb removal?"
"Sure. Where?"
"Salt Lake City Temple."
"Is somebody in Hell really dumb?"
"Mortals are behind this, not Hell. We know who they are."
"When do you want me?"
"Uncertain. I can probably give you a few days of warning."
"I'm not doing anything. I'm actually bored."
"How'd you like to work with some flowers?"
"I'd love it. What kind of work?"
"Putting together hanging baskets?"
"What are those?"
"Baskets that you can hang from any place that you can put a hook. The baskets contain a variety of flowers and greens. You can make your own creations; just use lots of flowers. We are not struggling with supply."
"If you could find a way to attach flowers to feathers, I'd be wearing those."
"That's a great idea. Do you have anything in mind?"
"How about I work on this idea before I pot the flowers? There are some military widgets that might work." 
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday evening, on Earth, Winnie was at home in Montana as usual. 
"That was good news on NORAD's superiority in the air," Winnie said. "Now the Californians know that they can't leave the state without being confronted."
"Plus, Jock has split their forces into two and knocked out their communications," Hank added. 
"I hear you're disarming the temple," Yolanda said. 
"Yeah. I have a colleague that can do that."
"Is that colleague your boyfriend?"
"I thought we had agreed that you wouldn't pry."
"No, as I recall, you had promised me that you would tell all when Hell froze over. It's been cold recently. I figured Hell had frozen over."
"It hasn't."
"How would you know that?"
"I believe that's a Got'cha!" Hank said.
"The colleague I'll be working with is a woman."
"See? How hard was that?"

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

Enough with the military talk. Let's go back to baseball again. It's the week of January 18, which is the same week when Jock was hobbling California's military forces. In their first week on campus, Audrey and Maddy had worked diligently in practice and on their course work. 
This is now their second week of baseball camp and Audrey and Maddy had formed some opinions. Maddy was firm in her negative opinion of Coach Murphy. "He never shows you how to do anything. He just stands and tells us what to do. Your dad got down on his knees to show me how to recognize that I had a dip in my swing. That led me to realize that my shoulders weren't level. This guy just basically yells at people. He doesn't even pat you on your back, like your dad did all the time."
"It's not loud yelling."
"No, but it's not friendly talking either."
Both agreed that the ASU pitcher coach was really good. She was a pitcher too and had a wicked fastball. She demonstrated how wicked it was one time when Maddy had a catcher's mitt and was squatting behind the plate.
...
"Call for the fast ball, Catcher."
Maddy pointed her index finger at the plate. 
"Call for it inside, waist high. I'll start my wind up now.
.... Freeze."
"Catcher, you just told the batter where the ball was going. Unfreeze."
"But I have to tell you the location and I can't do that with a finger."
"You're moving too early. You have to hold your place behind the plate until I'm well into my windup. As my knee comes up, move your glove but not your body. Try it."
...
"Better. Now pitchers, be prepared. Your catcher will not tell the batter or you anything until the last few seconds As your knee lift comes to its max, at that point she will show you where to place the ball by moving her mitt and only her mitt into position. You'll need to hit your spot with one or two seconds of warning. That's what we'll be working on today with your fastballs."
"How fast is your fastball, Coach?" Louella asked.
"Maddy, are you up for this?"
"You bet, Coach."
"Gear up. Chest protector and mask."
...
"The ball will come straight down the middle. You won't have to move your mitt."
The ball hit Maddy's glove with a loud Whop. She caught it cleanly but the speed of the ball pushed her mitt into her chest protector and she lost her balance and fell down on her butt. "That was fast!" she admitted.
"Pitchers, you don't have a fast ball until you have a Whop!"
 # # # # # # # #
The worst part of their day was the online course work in the evenings. The material wasn't hard to learn, but they had to answer a lot of questions, more than they needed to answer to learn the material. But, if you didn't answer all the questions, the computer would mark the missed questions wrong, and you wouldn't be able to advance to the next level. Both Maddy and Audrey figured that somebody was looking at their computer scores and reporting it to the coach. After all, he had said that he would know if they weren't keeping up with their assignments. They stayed with their evening homework even though they thought it was a waste of time. 
 # # # # # # # #
Friday afternoon: Coach Murphy called them into the dugout where it was shady. He was standing away from the dugout at ground level and another man was standing beside him. He was wearing a white doctor's coat. 
"Girls, I had mentioned to your parents that you have access to a physiotherapist or masseuse if you need one. Nobody has strained any muscles yet, so you haven't met Doctor Neil Gorman. When he's not treating patients, he is a research scientist. He is conducting investigations into the effect of muscle stimulation on muscle growth." 
"In scientific studies, a researcher might measure a test group on their weight before practice and then measure their weight after practice. He might do that to see how much weight they lost on average per practice. That might give some insight into which kinds of practice produce the most weight loss. These are called before and after tests." 
"Doctor Gorman's study isn't about weight loss. He's trying to determine if daily practices, such as what we're doing, have an impact on muscle growth. Some people feel that practices in some sports don't actually create muscle growth. Some men, for example, feel that baseball practices that girls do are too girly to create muscle growth. They say that girls can never be real baseball players because they can't develop muscles. Doctor Gorman is trying to prove them wrong."
 "Doctor Gorman has asked me if he could research this team to determine how much muscle growth you achieve over the three months you will be here. He will measure your current muscles today. At the end of March, he will measure you again. These measure are made through a radiological imaging machine that simply requires you to be still while it scans your body. Since some of you may feel anxious about being in a doctor's office alone, you will have a teammate there. Dr. Gorman will not be in the scanning room with you. Our baseball program is happy to support Doctor Gorman in his research. In thanks for our support, and your participation, Doctor Gorman is providing us with free physiotherapy and massage treatments if any of you ever need such treatment."
"There's a schedule on the board for your meeting this afternoon at Doctor Gorman's research office. As much as possible, I have scheduled you with a friend. His office is on the hill between The Sink and Tulagi's. After you have had your scans, your practice is over. We will have our normal practice Saturday morning. That's all."
Maddy and Audrey found that they were scheduled for 2:45, the last group to be scanned. Audrey asked the group as they were milling around, "Where's this Sink and Tulagi's?" 
"The Hill is where all the pubs and clubs are," one girl answered. "It's about four blocks that way," and she pointed.
...
"What do you want to do for practice?" Audrey asked Maddy.
"I haven't done anything on catching. How about throwing me some balls in the dirt? You?"
"Shortstop work. Can you hit me some hard grounders?"
 # # # # # # # #
They found the Hill easily. It was the part of off-campus that went up. The Hill was indeed full of pubs and clubs, with all of them open by the time that Maddy and Audrey arrived. There was also a souvenir store where they could buy ASU mugs, t-shirts, and pennants. They agreed to come here after their scan. 
Dr. Gorman's office was between two pubs as advertised. It had a small, narrow waiting room plus two rooms behind the receptionist desk which had no receptionist, nor any sign that there had been one recently. Both of the doors to those rooms were closed. They sat on two chairs in the waiting room and talked about the souvenirs they might buy. Both had their own money for such purchases. 
The doors to both rooms opened simultaneously. Dr. Gorman came out of the room on the left; Louella and Pilar came out of the room to the right. "That's all I need you for, girls. Thanks for participating."
While their pitching buddies were leaving, Dr. Gorman was looking at a clipboard. "You must be Audrey and Maddy," he said. "Who is who?"
Maddy raised her hand. "Maddy."
"And that means that you are Audrey."
Audrey nodded.
"Let's go inside the scanning room."
....
"This machine is the scanner. As you can see, it has the shape of a single bed. Instead of a mattress, you'll lie on this glass top. All the scanning equipment that will measure your muscles is underneath the glass top in this big boxy container. It's very complicated stuff and I won't bore you with how it works. First, you'll lie on your back. Your partner will count to five slowly. During this count, I want the person lying on the glass top to take a deep breath, exhale, and relax. Any movement when the machine is scanning will cause the scan to fail."
"When the count reaches five, the girl counting will take this cover and fold it over the girl on the bed. This cover works on hinges, as you can see."
...
"When the counting girl is ready, she will push this green button here. There'll be a bright light which will bounce against the cover and that reflected light will create the image that I need."
"Here's a copy of the type of image that I'll have of your body. Take a long look at it."
...
"Can you tell who it is?"
"No. It's all fuzzy." 
"So when I look at this picture, I won't see Maddy's face or anything. I won't know whose picture this is. But I will see these muscle groups and that will allow me to take measurements. See? Here are the muscles."
"Oh. Looks like more fuzz to me."
"But, not to me. I won't even be in this room. I don't think I should be here because you will have to take off your clothes when you lie on the screen. Yes, I'm a doctor, but I want you to be very confident that I can't see you lying on the glass. Come next door now."
"This is where I'll be. It's a storeroom. Do you see any opening in this wall where I could see you?"
"No."
"I'll be able to hear you but I can't see you. Let's go back to the screening room now."
...
"What I'll do from next door is remind you how to operate this machine. My instructions will be: Lie down on the screen, inhale, exhale, and relax. Partner, count to five. Lift the cover over your buddy's body. Push the green button. Clear enough?"
"Yes," Audrey said.
"Each of you will have two scans: one lying on your back, and the other lying on your front. That way, I'll be able to see your muscles no matter where they are in your body."
"Why do we have to undress?" Maddy asked. 
"The cloth will prevent the scanning rays from going through your body to the other side and bouncing back. The scan is useless if you do it with clothes on. I'll go to the storeroom now. Let me know when one of you is ready to climb up on the glass. I'll remind you what to do."
 ...
Maddy went to whisper mode. We're not doing this, Audrey.
Why not? He can't see us. I don't mind if you see me.
One of my friends had a secret picture taken of her without her clothes on. It could have ruined her life.
But, he seems nice.
No he doesn't. He's not nice at all. 
How can you tell?
I don't know. I do know that we're not undressing for this guy, even if he's in another room. "We're leaving now, Doctor Gorman."
"Thanks for coming."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

It's Monday January 25. The scene is Lindsay Garden Park in Salt Lake City. One of the prisoners, a brown guy from Battle Mountain Nevada, was lounging on the grass and leaning against the fuselage of a copter. His guard, a brown guy from Redding, California, was on his back, looking at the sky. "That was my last beer," he said sadly. 
"How come you're not getting any more delivered?"
"Don't know. The high and mighty don't share their plans with us."
"They don't think very much of you. You have no beer or pay. You get to watch us Nevadans sleep in our copters because you're the guards and you have to stay awake. I'm dry, warm inside my blanket and sleeping soundly."
"What can I do? That's what they tell me to do, that's what I do."
"But the whole idea of guarding us is ridiculous. I can't escape in a copter because you have all the keys. I won't try to escape with my family locked in that hotel. You have to guard us in the rain while I'm dry. This is all so unnecessary."
"You're so smart. What would you do?"
"I'd let all the colored Nevadans stay in the hotel with their families. There's no way we could escape. You have guards on the hotel all night. Even if we got out, which we can't, no way are we walking back to Nevada. Not with little kids. Why don't they just let the families be together? We're actually easier to guard that way. We're all in the same place and the guards are inside the hotel where it's warm and dry."
"Huh. They won't listen to me."
"I will help you, my Redding friend. I'm going to go into that hotel tonight. I'll find my wife and family and I'll stay with them tonight and every night until you guys win. I'm going to take the other coloreds with me. Tell your bosses that you tried to stop me, but you couldn't. There were too many of us. Besides, do they really want you shooting copter pilots when you might need us?"
"I did try to stop you. You ignored me."
"I'll try and find out what's happening with the beer. I heard the guys in charge were hoarding it."
"Typical."
 # # # # # # # #
The Battle Mountain guy's plan worked. All of the colored Nevadans were reunited with their families. That allowed the Battle Mountain wife to describe the hotel's security system to her husband. 
"All prisoners are supposed to be in their room by 9 pm. At 9 pm, some of the guards will take up stations at the hotel's exit and entrance doors. They can't lock the doors because the hotel has other guests coming and going. But, they will make sure that none of us can leave. Between 9 pm and 9:30 pm, guards will check if we are actually in our room. They do that by knocking on the door and peeking in." 
"That's all they do? Knock on the door and peek in?" 
"Yah. From now on, I'd be surprised if they do anything other than knock on the door and wait outside for us to respond. These guy are lazy. And they aren't receiving their beer. Why are you asking?"
"I have a friend who is on our side. She talks with me regularly when I'm allowed to go on my walks."
"She?"
"Yuh. Good-looking babe. She's a white girl, so you can relax."
"And does she tell you how we're going to escape?"
"No. All of us coloreds Nevadans have to break out the same time and all of the whites have to break out of the temple at the same time. She and her friends have a plan."
"How long before we can escape?"
"We'll know that they have started the escape plan when the guards get their beer back."
"The hotel is running out of food. So are the other restaurants in the city."
"I didn't know that. What's the mood of the hotel staff?"
"They hate the Californians. Nobody, and I mean nobody, is going to blow up their temple. I'm sure some people would be willing to help us escape."
"I'll tell her that. She wants to know everything I can find out." 
"Should I tell the other families in the hotel what's going on?"
"No, that's my job. I can only do that when the beer is back. Is anybody in this hotel playing for the other side?"
"Not a chance. You won't believe how angry the staff are." 
 # # # # # # # #
Friday evening in Tempe. Maddy and Audrey were forcing themselves to stick to their homework. That resolve disappeared when there was a rap on their door and Louella and Pilar came in.
"Wow. You guys are all dressed up," Audrey noticed. It was hard not to notice. Both girls were wearing party dresses.
"Perfume? Make up? Why?"
"We have to look like we're 16 in order to get into Tulagi's. They don't check ID. They just look for anybody grossly under age," Louella explained.
"How do you know that?" Audrey asked.
"A guy in the cafeteria asked me out on a date. He's meeting me in Tulagi's and is bringing a friend for Pilar. That's what he said. If we dress up fancy, they'll let us in."
"Does he know you're 13?"
"Why do you care, Mom?"
"What about your homework?"
"We stopped doing that a week ago, Mom #2. It's a waste of time."
"Nobody checks. We can do whatever we want in the evenings."
"We'd invite you to come with us, but you'd never get in. You're too young looking. We look older than what we are."
That part was certainly true. Both Missoula girls were tall and had adult bodies. That was one reason why they had been so good at pitching the last two years. Essentially, they had been adults pitching against children. 
"Well, gotta go," Pilar said.
"Don't wait up, Moms," Louella added.
...
"Louella forgot to put on her bra," Audrey observed naively.
"She didn't forget," Maddy observed correctly. "Well, we can do our homework or we can do our laundry. What do you want to do?"
"Laundry."
"Good decision. On Friday nights, everybody will be partying. We won't have to wait for a machine."
 # # # # # # # #
It was Saturday, very early in the morning in Salt Lake City. Winnie and Shields had landed on the top of the temple and Shields was hiding three big rucksacks of gear on the roof.
"Do you need all of this?" Winnie asked.
"Probably not, but in the military, you always gear up for the unexpected. I'll leave all of this here for now. We may need some of it when we disarm the bombs. For now, all I need is this?" She held up a wand.
"What is it?"
"Explosive detector. How are we getting inside?"
"Through the roof in a devil body?"
"Works for me."
...
"Why don't you look around while I check for explosives?" Both angels were back in their feathers, which made it easy for Winnie to fly around the temple and its many rooms. 
....
Winnie reported: "The white hostages are all sleeping in some rough dormitories. Men in one, women and children in another. Did you find all the explosives?"
"I have some good news and some bad news," Shields said. "What do you want to hear first?"
"This sounds like the beginning of a bad joke. Give me the good news."
"I found eight explosive devices, all of which are in the main temple right here. I can disarm all of them easily and quickly."
"And the bad news?"
"All eight are devices from Hell. That's why I can disarm them quickly. I trained on these devices." 
 # # # # # # # #
Shields and Winnie were back on the roof, trying to make sense of the news and what Hell's involvement would mean for Melissa's rescue plan. 
Shields spoke first. "We know that the three guys who are in charge in Salt Lake City are mortals. You and I both went out of our way to smell them. We wouldn't have made mistakes."
"Which means that Cooper Rivera is a devil. When Jock split their forces into two, Salt Lake City had three mortals in charge who don't know what they're doing. They can't get instructions from Rivera. This means that there's a better chance of her plan succeeding. We can rescue all of them in one day."
"I don't know her plan."
"She's been stopping all food and other supplies from getting into Salt Lake City. When she opens up the supplies again, the goons will be desperate for beer and will be blotto for at least a day. Next, it'll be smoke and mirrors time. Melissa is good at that. All the colored families will be home that evening. The hostages in the church should be home the next evening. In both cases, the citizens of Salt Lake City are going to help. The Valkyries have set that all up."
"Does she foresee any problems?"
"She has some unanswered questions. For example, should she disable the guards' copters?"
"She should disable the copters for sure. Otherwise, they may show up in a battle later."
"Yeah, I'd do it that way too. All of the hostages will be gone when the Three Compadres and the guards wake up. She's worried about what will happen to the guards when Salt Lake citizens find out that there are no explosives in the temple."
"The guards could be slaughtered."
 "That's an issue for Melissa. She doesn't like giving the guards a death sentence. That's an issue for many in the Wilizy family. For them, bringing justice means formal justice, not mob justice."
"She might be able to get away with it. The Three Compadres may not start shooting when they realize what has happened."
"We can influence that by disabling them so that they can't give the order. Disabling all the weaponry is easy. It's locked inside the California copters. All we have to do is destroy those copters."
"Is that what we're going to do?"
"I don't know yet. Rivera is the problem. He's a devil who has kidnapped the population of an entire state and destroyed the sanctity of a temple. At some point, Heaven will have to deal with him. Angel of Death program possibly. My sister-in-law could sing him to death. I could take him in my angel body, if I had space to fly. I need to have some answers first. I know that Pancha Villa was trying to become more powerful and more wealthy. I don't know what Rivera is trying to do. Is he operating independently? Is a senior devil telling him what to do? If so, we could cause a lot of problems for Hell."
"What do we do now, Dilemma Lady?"
"That's easy. I'll check in with Queen Guinevere now. I need to know where Heaven stands with people that try to destroy mortal temples and churches. While I'm doing that, would you make sure that you have everything we might need on this roof to cover all possibilities?" 
 # # # # # # # #
"I understand your situation now," Guinny said. "What are you going to do?"
"That's why I came here. I don't know what to do. I need to ask you two questions."
"Shoot." 
"What crimes might devils commit that require Heaven to make a strong statement? I know that we can lodge formal complaints about some crimes with the mediator. But I assume that some crimes are handled automatically with a death sentence. I don't know where the line is."
"We go to the mediator when possible because that builds leverage that we can use in future negotiations. If we don't need that leverage, or if the leverage we will gain is insignificant, we will execute a death sentence if the crime is something that devils would know but have chosen to ignore. Question #2?"
"I know if a person dies, his or her soul will appear at the sorting station. I know if an angel who is disguised as an animal dies, he will appear at the sorting station and be lifted out of line. Same thing for devils who were disguised. I know that the devil I killed when I was first in Heaven died for good because my friend threw him into the sun. I know that when Joe-Joe or Kashmira kill a devil by singing to him, his brain turns to mush and he can't come back to life. I know that I killed Duke of Earl and he couldn't come back to life because we buried him under a rockslide. I don't know what would happen to Cooper Rivera if I were to kill him in the temple. I think he would probably show up in the sorting station, especially if I kill him when he's disguised as a mortal. If I killed him when he was in a devil body, he could change to a mortal in an instant and come back to life at the sorting station. My question is: What do I have to do to ensure that Cooper Rivera does not come back to afterlife if I were to kill him in Salt Lake City?" 
"Good question. A devil will stay dead if part or all his body is scrambled up so badly that reincorporation cannot take place. The bits and pieces cannot be put together again."
"That's why sending a devil into the sun worked. Also why mush for brains worked."
"Think of it as scrambled eggs for brains. The body itself must be so badly destroyed that all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put him back together again."
"Humpty Dumpty."
"Back in the middle ages, we invented good old Humpty as a way for angels to learn how to kill a devil permanently."
"You're kidding me, right?"
"No. Angels back then were barely literate. We created nursery rhymes for them to help them learn. All of those common nursery rhymes that involved giants were written first in Heaven. Some of those filtered down to Earth. Do you know what to do now?"
"I do."
"I have a craving for a scrambled egg sandwich. Care to join me?"
"Now you're kidding me."
"You got me."
 # # # # # # # #
Friday in Los Angeles, the year of 2022.
"Did everything go OK?" Doc asked. 
"Not wonderful, but OK," Lylah responded. "They took five of Lohla's eggs but they only fertilized two. They didn't say anything but I gathered that this low rate was unusual."
"I guess my ovaries weren't as healthy as we had hoped," Lohla said. "They did agree to give us both fertilized eggs so that we could take them home for our family doctor to insert."
"Doc, your story about the host mother being unable to travel due to an accident worked," Lucas remarked. "They gave us a zillion forms to sign though. They take no responsibility if anything goes wrong. They're afraid of being sued. We even had to sign some forms so that the unborn fetus couldn't sue them."
"William was very specific when I talked with him," Doc reminded them. "Inserting the eggs here in California was too risky. There was too much chance of radiation from time travel, even if we surrounded Lylah's tummy with lead shields. It's far easier to shield the two eggs. He gave me these two lead-lined freezer containers."
"Does Granny know that she's our family doctor?"
"Yes. She's been my nurse for many years. She's used to birthing and other gynecological procedures. I've taken a recording of how they do it here and she has already seen that. We already have the implements. She'll do it in your home as soon as you land. I'll be available for a consult if she needs one."
"What will you do with the second fertilized egg?"
"I'll store it where it's very safe and there'll be no chance of a power outage."
"We'll be parents nine months from January 30, 2094." 
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday afternoon in Montana.
"Did you have a good visit with Mac and Melissa?"
"Yes, Dad. They're going ahead with the rescue this coming week. One of my colleagues will be able to disable the bombs long enough for the kidnapped families to escape. The plan should work."
"You're not going to tell me how your colleague is going to do that, are you?"
"No, Dad. The security around that church is very weak. Same thing with the hotel where some families are being kept. The bombs themselves are a bit of a problem, but my colleague says that she can handle this."
"What will you be doing while she's defusing the bombs?"
"I'll be flying around inside the temple. They have some stained glass windows high in the spires. I'll probably spend the time looking at them."
"Not dangerous then?"
"Since when was looking at stained glass windows dangerous, Mom?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

Tuesday, Feb 2, a stranger coptered into the western suburbs of Salt Lake City and announced that a man in an armed black copter was blocking a huge convoy of freight copters from flying into the city. He had warned all the freight copter pilots that he'd destroy their copters if any of them tried to deliver their cargo into the city. 
Four copters full of guards and rifles from Salt Lake reached the front of convoy but the stranger was gone. The pilots told them the same story. Black copters were around. If they flew into Salt Lake, they could be shot down. The pilots emphasized that they weren't moving. If Salt Lake wanted what they were carrying, they could come out and get it. To emphasize the danger they were facing, the cargo pilots pointed to the horizon where eight black copters were hovering. 
[The freight copters were from Idaho. The food and other supplies in the transports were their contribution to the alliance. The armed black copters were from NORAD.] 
A solution was quickly found. Prisoners from the hotel were transported to the front of the convoy in California's transport copters, which would be used to take the cargo into the city. The prisoners would load the cargo, fly into Salt Lake, unload the cargo, fly back to the convoy, etc. Given the long line of unmoving freighters, and the number of prisoners they could bring to the site, the smarter guards estimated that they could have everything unloaded by dusk. The not-so-smart guards noticed that the first cargo copter was full of beer. They decided that this cargo should be unloaded first, but not shipped into Salt Lake City quite yet. The guards would be sure to keep the beer safe. By 2 pm, most were soddenly drunk. 
 # # # # # # # #
During the afternoon, colored families living in Salt Lake's suburbs came into the downtown to see the cargo being unloaded. From there, they disappeared into the Salt Lake Plaza Hotel, found the number of the hotel room they had been given, opened the unlocked door, and entered. Once inside, each member of the family removed one of the two sets of clothes that they were wearing. The clothes they hung in the closet were very nice clothes. They certainly were not the clothes that a prisoner might wear. They then made themselves comfortable in the hotel room. 
 # # # # # # # #
In Sacramento that very afternoon, Cooper Rivera was worrying. He was consumed with worry. He felt that something very, very bad would happen in Salt Lake City that the three compadres wouldn't be able to handle. He had been cut off from his northern forces for far too long and that worried him. But, he knew that if he tried to copter to Salt Lake, those cursed black copters would be on him right away. That also worried him. Somehow, the enemy, whoever it was, had eyes in Sacramento. That would not have been too hard to accomplish. The city was full of spies. That also worried him. Have I mentioned that he was worried?
Then, a solution suddenly popped into his mind. A devil had more than one way to get to Salt Lake City. Rivera waited for dusk to arrive, left the mansion by a side door, and strolled into the near darkness of a local park. There, he changed into his devil body and started running. By his calculations, he'd be in Salt Lake by midnight. Cassie and Paula didn't know how fast he could run without resting, so they followed along behind him and gave Winnie regular updates on his current location. 
 # # # # # # # #
By dusk, all of the freight copters had been emptied. But flying a heavy freight copter in the dark was a risk that the cargo pilots did not have to take. It was far safer for them to join the security guards who were still drinking. They had many more cases of beer to taste test. In addition, one of the prisoners had opted to stay and help with the beer. He was the prisoner from Battle Mountain who had become quite good friends with the Californian from Redding who was in charge of all of the keys to the Nevadan copters. Because of that friendship, Mr. Battle Mountain didn't want the great weight of those keys to disturb the Redding guard's drunken stupor. He ran the keys back to Salt Lake City in the dark and waited at the copter parking lot. 
 # # # # # # # #
By 9:30 pm, the guards at the Salt Lake Plaza Hotel had completed their room check, albeit in a somewhat hurried fashion. They knocked, somebody yelled through the door that they were in the room, and they went to the next room, and so on. They were motivated to return to their posts because they had appropriated enough beer to last them through the night. They scarcely noticed some nicely dressed citizens of Salt Lake leaving their hotel for a late night doing something or other. 
That something or other was a short walk to the copter parking lot where they found their personal copter with the keys in the lock. They waited for everybody to arrive and then lifted off in a long queue. 
It is possible to fly safely at night, if the lead copter in the formation has the technology to do so safely. It's a matter of having the right set of goggles. Six NORAD copters were waiting in the sky for the personal copters to lift off. The pilots in all six had night goggles as well as running lights that were easily seen. Every colored Nevadan returned home safely that night. 
 # # # # # # # #
Releasing the white hostages inside the temple was more difficult. The guards here would be under the supervision of the Three Compadres who would not allow them to drink beer on duty. Melissa's plan would have worked without Rivera there to raise alarms. But Rivera was going to be in the temple and what was going to happen in that temple could be loud. Winnie had brought Kashmira into the operation and asked her to put everybody in and around the temple to sleep.
An hour before Rivera was expected to jog into Salt Lake City, Shields de-fused all of the bombs, brought them out of the temple, placed them in six different California copters, and returned the bombs to active mode. She controlled the wand that would explode them. 
 # # # # # # # #
Rivera arrived in Salt Lake at about 4 am. Cassie and Paula were right behind him. Seeing the guards outside the temple asleep, he realized that he had been right about something bad happening. He burst into the temple building itself and from there into the most holy part of the temple - the alter itself. Burning candles illuminated the interior of the room at ground level. Naturally, there could be no candles up at the top of the very long pinnacles, which stretched 70 meters into the sky. 
Rivera saw Winnie in her feathers hovering in the air thirty feet above his head.
"Did you think that Heaven would not respond?" she asked.
Rivera looked for an exit and found three angels blocking the exits. Each turned and left. Rivera could hear them locking the doors. Of course, he could have walked through the walls, but the sound of a chicken clucking inside his head changed his mind. 
When he turned back to confront the angel, she had disappeared into the murk above the candlelight. Seventy metres was ample space for an angel to pick up lots of speed on the way down. With both de-scalers working, it didn't take long for Winnie to remove most of Rivera's scales. When he collapsed on the temple floor and didn't resist further, she placed her talons over his eyes and messaged, He's ready to be cooked, and Paula, Cassie and Shields entered. 
First, they needed to pick up all of Rivera's scales. A devilian scale lying on the temple floor would be difficult to explain. Then, the four of them each took a limb, lifted, and deposited Rivera's still after-living body into one of the California copters. 
"Who's your boss?" Winnie asked.
Rivera shook his head.
"What were you really after by coming into Salt Lake?"
Again, Rivera shook his head.
"No matter. I have your DNA scales. I'll just look you up in Hell's database."
With that, all four angels backed away from the copter parking lot and Shields hit the button on her wand. 
Six bombs in close proximity to each other can scramble a lot of eggs. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

The reaction of the citizens to the noise of the explosion was first one of fear. They figured that their temple had been blown into smithereens, or even templeens. They arrived en masse at Temple Square to find the temple still standing and a huge mess of unusable copter parts in the former copter park. They also found some Californian guards. Many were guarding the Salt Lake Plaza hotel, which in this case meant sleeping it off. The citizens who had changed places with the prisoners revealed what deadly things could happen if you drank too much on duty. Then they went back to their own homes, minus one set of clothes. 
At the temple, hostages and guards were both waking from a deep sleep that had been interrupted by the sound of a huge explosion. Guards, hostages, and citizens arrived together at the site of the explosion. All of them were quick to recognize that the temple was no longer in danger. The guards were slower to recognize their new status as unarmed kidnappers.
The guards outside of town who were guarding a lot of beer and nothing else heard the explosion and wandered into town to see what had happened. Some citizens were quite happy to show them what had happened to their colleagues. 
The next day, more convoys of food and supplies arrived from Idaho and Wyoming, but those convoys came right into the city. Ample transportation was available to return the white hostages back to their homes in Nevada. All in all, Salt Lake City was back to normal by the end of the week. 
 # # # # # # # #
That's not the end of the story for Salt Lake City. A four-year-old girl told her mommy what she had seen the morning of the explosion. Her mommy said that she was just dreaming and told her to forget about the dream. She was safe now.
But the little girl didn't forget. She didn't tell anybody else, but she remembered it vividly and she was convinced that she hadn't been dreaming. 
She had woken early and saw that all the other hostages were still asleep. Bored, and unable to go back to sleep, she wandered down to the temple where she had been playing with the hymnals. These were thick books of real paper with writing on them. The previous day, she had collected them and brought them into a corner of the temple where she began to make them into an outline of her house back in Elko. She had built the walls of the living room, kitchen, and dining room the previous day. This morning, she completed the outline of the house by adding three bedrooms. She went back to sleep with her head in her own pretend bedroom and the rest of her body stretched out in the pretend hallway. 
She awoke to the sound of voices.
"Did you think that Heaven would not respond?" a mommy's voice asked. 
The little girl raised her head above the back of the seats that people were supposed to sit in when they went to church. She saw candles flickering against the walls of the temple. Her eyes shifted and she saw an angel hovering in the air, a golden glow around her body. Something big and scaly had its back to her. She could see horns coming out of its head. And then she watched the angel soar into the dark air and attack the big creature who tried to hide but couldn't. She saw him collapse on the floor of the temple and figured that he was dead. Next, she heard voices coming into the temple and she became frightened and hid under the seats. She awoke to the sound of a big explosion. The candles in the temple were gone as were the angel and the creature. But she remembered.
About twenty years later, a young woman came into the Salt Lake City Temple carrying a package and asked to speak to somebody in charge. A man in church clothes came out of an office to meet her. "Can I help you?"
"Are you an important person?"
"I am."
"I painted a picture and I want to donate it to your church. I was here in the temple when the Californians kidnapped the people from Nevada. I was here in the back of temple the night of the big explosion. I know you won't believe me, but I saw this."
 The official of the church unwrapped the package and looked at an oil painting. It showed an angel hovering in the air inside the temple and the back of a devil with horns. "What happened to the devil?" he asked. 
"The angel flew all around him and stripped off his scales with something in her hands. Then, she did some things with her talons. I think he died on the floor of the temple. Nobody believes me, but it's true."
"Why do you think the angel was a she?"
"I heard her voice. She said, Did you think that Heaven would not respond?"
"There are many in the church who believe that Heaven's angels protect its churches and temples. Many of us in Salt Lake City believe in angels and devils. This is a very good picture and I believe it is accurate."
"You believe me?"
"I do. I'll show you why. Come with me." 
He took her through a number of hallways and into a locked room. "We keep our most treasured artifacts in these safety deposit boxes." He unlocked a small metal door and took out a jewelry box. "Open it."
The young women did. "Is that what I think it is?"
"It is. We found it lodged against one of the legs of a front pew. It would have been very hard to see in a dark temple. We had it analyzed. No animal on earth has a scale like this."
 # # # # # # # #
[Narrator: The young lady's picture is now hanging on the back wall of the Salt Lake City Temple where she had played imaginary house. The picture is unsigned. I believe this is the only image of Winnie in her feathers that exists on Earth. You may view it for yourself.]

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

It's still the first week of February, but now that all the Nevada hostages are safe, we can take a leisurely trip to baseball land. Here's how the baseball girls were reacting to what they could do in their non-baseball time. 
When they were in the schools in the afternoon, the middle school teachers didn't consider them as part of their classes. When they gave assignments out to their own students, they didn't hand the assignment to the ball players. They didn't give them any homework or tests. No player was dumb enough to ask them why, because that might mean they'd have to work. From Maddy's and Audrey's perspective, the Arizona kids in their class were working on subjects they had completed the previous year. The two of them came to class, but took books out of the library, and read. The teacher didn't mind. Soon, the other girls on the team were doing the same. They couldn't risk getting into trouble by disrupting a teacher's class. Reading was better than listening to a teacher drone on. 
During the evenings, not one of them was working on the computer courses. By now, it was obvious that nobody was checking on them. Most of the girls were wandering round Tempe as a group. They were too young to go to bars, but they could go to recreational parks and activities off campus. Meanwhile, Louella was collecting a lot of boyfriends and she was hanging out with university boys in their frat houses. For a while, Pilar was with her, but nobody would hang out with her. They called her jailbait, which she knew was derogatory but not why. Louella had explained. 
"It means that if they have sex with you, they could go to jail. You have to be sixteen in this state to have legal sex. They know you're not old enough. If you're not old enough to have sex, why would they want to be friends with you?"
"You're only 13, just like me."
"Does this body look like it's 13?"
"Are you having sex?"
"No. But I am doing things that I could never do in Missoula where everybody knows everybody and everybody would tell my dad."
"If your dad finds out..."
"Who would tell him? You?"
"No, I'm just saying..."
"Are you turning into a mom like those two ...?" Insert your favorite nasty female -based word of your choice]. 
"No."
 That brings us to Maddy and Audrey. Laundry could only be done once a week. They weren't going to work on their computer courses because they were a waste of time. Maddy suggested that they look at the gym complex where the university's girls baseball team trained. So they did. 
They saw lots of machines sitting unused. Only one woman was in the training room and she was in a batting cage swinging at balls coming from an automated pitching machine. They watched from a distance. 
"Maddy? Audrey? What are you guys doing here?"
"Hey, Coach. We're just looking around. We have free time in the evenings now," Maddy answered.
"I'm not your coach right now. Call me Maureen." [Maureen was their pitching coach.]
"How's that thing work?" Audrey asked.
"You can't use any of the machines in here unless you're in proper gear. Go get some on and you can find out if it would be any good for you. It has some curve balls that you haven't seen but you can probably handle the slow speed on its fastball."
"We'll be back in ten."
 And that solved the problem of what they should do in the evenings, Mondays to Sundays. 
 # # # # # # # #
University sports teams have enough money to load up on machines that allow individuals to practice their fundamental skills. The girls on the team would have classes to attend during the day. Time for formal team practices was limited and had to be spent on team drills. That meant that individuals had to find time during the day or evening to put in individual skill development time on machines on their own. 
ASU had the following type of machines. In most cases, they had several of each. 
With their pitching machine, a girl had to hit targets both inside the strike zone as well as outside. They could choose which kind of pitch to practice on and they could specify where the target was supposed to be. 
In the batting machine, an automated pitcher would give batters a chance to hit all sorts of pitches at all sorts of speeds and all sorts of locations. These could be randomized, or the player could use a wand to specify what she wanted to work on. The batting cage had a read out estimating how far the ball had been hit and if it would have been caught. 
The room also had weight machines for building strength, and running machines for building endurance. Another machine focused on developing lateral speed.
Outside the building, a machine could drive grounders at the players on real turf. The machine had a target that the player had to hit on her throw to the plate. It was good for all positions on the diamond. Just rotate the machine and turn it on.
Audrey and Maddy would arrive in the complex half an hour after finishing supper, which they would eat as early as possible. They would leave at 9 and be in bed by 9:30. Maureen was always there working out. 
Maureen would set them up on a machine the first time they used it. After that, she would watch during her rest break. Sometimes she'd say something, sometimes not. She did tell them early on that both of them should be in the batting cage twice a night. 
Once every evening, Maureen would take both of them outside to the university diamond. Audrey would take the shortstop position, and Maddy the mound. Maureen would call for a certain kind of pitch and the location she wanted. She'd then drive the ball towards the short stop. She expected Audrey to see the ball hitting the bat and break accordingly. 
In that first week, Maddy became upset because Maureen was hitting everything that Maddy sent to the plate, even her A#1 fast ball down and away. That prompted this exchange.
"Maddy, I'm six years older than you are. You're getting good pitches away, but they won't fool me, especially because I'm not swinging very hard."
"You look like you're swinging hard," Audrey replied. "You're killing me out here. I'm only stopping half of them."
"You're not swinging hard?" Maddy repeated.
"Mostly tapping."
"How far can you hit the ball if you try?" Audrey asked.
"Let's see. Maddy give me your fast ball down the middle."
...
"Oh crap," Maddy swore as she watched the ball fly over the centerfield wall - the furthest wall from the plate.
"I thought you were a pitcher," Audrey said.
"I am."
"But pitchers aren't usually good batters."
"That's because they don't work at it. Think of it. What position on the team would be best at reading the speed and the break of the ball?"
"The pitcher?"
"You got it. I bat fourth in our line up."
"Do it again," Maddy said. "I'll try not to cringe inside." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Friday night is pizza night," Maureen declared at 7:30 Friday night. "My treat."
They talked mostly baseball. You were expecting something else?
At one point, Audrey revealed that her older sister was playing for University of Arizona.
"What's your last name, Audrey?"
"Lee. My sister's name is Tanya."
"I know her. She's a hard out. Good short stop. She can go deep into the hole and still get the ball to first. You have good genes, Audrey."
"I'm too weak."
"You're 13 and you've barely reached puberty. Strength will come. You need to wait for your growth spurt. Play within yourself."
"What's that mean?" Maddy asked.
"Do what your body is able to do. Audrey, you will probably never hit a home run. Your body is not built for that. Your sister doesn't hit home runs. She's not built for it. I'm built for it because I'm almost six feet tall. What your sister does do is she makes contact with ball and can put it anywhere on the field, except over the fence. She bats first in their lineup and she reaches base a lot. You have the same lateral quickness as she would have had at 13. Don't get down on yourself."
"You said that we should do the batting cage twice a night. Was that because we're bad batters?"
"No Maddy. I said that because you won't receive much batting practice from your coach."
"Why's that?" Maddy asked. 
"Because he's a joke of a coach. He tells you what to do and then he expects his assistant coaches to show you how to do it. He won't show you how to bat because he can't bat himself."
"Huh."
"You didn't know that?"
"My dad is a baseball coach and said he knew his baseball."
"Knowing baseball and doing baseball are two different things. Don't tell anybody that I said this. I don't want to lose this opportunity of coaching you guys. Keep coming to these evening sessions. They're better for you."
 "Coach would fire you?"
"You'd lose money?"
"The assistant coaches are not working for your coach. We're taking a course on coaching. I pay the university money to enroll in that course. Your coach grades us. I don't want a bad grade and he's mean enough to do that if he hears that I've been talking too much."
"He's mean?"
"Like a snake. You should watch yourself around him."
 # # # # # # # #
This brings us now to Sunday and Winnie's visit with her parents.
"Did you ever find out how the Governor's aide traveled up to Salt Lake?" Hank asked.
"No," Winnie lied. "We think he stole a copter from somebody in Sacramento, but we'll never know for sure."
"Granny said that he didn't use a government copter. They would have seen it and warned Melissa and Mac."
"That's what I think too. Melissa's plan was working perfectly right up to when he burst into the temple."
"Were you in any danger?"
"No, never. I had my sling weapons and my colleague had a pistol. We were surprised for a couple of seconds and so was he. We were ready to fire and I never did see him with a weapon. At least not in hands. He might have had something packed out of reach. We were reluctant to fire though."
"Because you were in a temple?"
"Yeah, Mom. Churches are supposed to be sanctuaries, but shooting him wouldn't have been justice. Who's to know if he were acting on his own or if the whole kidnapping plan had been Pancha Villa's. What if he was only following orders? I was thinking of using the anti-grav on my sling when he turned around and fled. I thought that we could bring him to justice after we had learned who was responsible. So, we finished cleaning up the temple. We had already defused the bombs and they were out of the temple, so we were almost done. Then, we heard the explosion and the temple rocked a bit."
"You put the bombs in the copter parking lot, right?"
"That's right. My colleague did that. One set of prisoners was already out of the city, but the prisoners who were inside the temple were still unsafe. Melissa's citizens weren't in position yet to take them into safety in their homes, so she wired up the bombs to their transport copters. We were planning to blow them up as a distraction so that the hostages could disappear in the confusion when the citizens arrived. But we weren't expecting that the Rivera would climb into one of the transports and try and fly it away. That set all of them off. Huge fireball. That's why we couldn't find the copter he must have stolen. Everything in that parking lot was atomized. Nothing else made any sense though. Melissa's plan still worked, just slightly differently from what we expected."
"Whatever justice he got, he must have deserved it," Hank said. "Can you imagine what those bombs would have done to that temple and to anybody who was inside? I have no problem if he blows himself up trying to escape. I don't have any problem with what happened to the Californian soldiers either."
"We're glad you weren't in any danger, Winnie." [You know who said that.]
"My colleague knew exactly how to defuse the bombs. I just spent the night flying around and watching her."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 14 

With the threat of California taking military action against Tijuana greatly reduced, Melissa was now free to resume Operation CA CO. Her first step was to call on each biker in the Mexican mobile attack platoon to pair up with a Valkyrie. During this part of the operation, the Valkyries would be dressed completely in black from the top of their motorcycle helmets to the tip of their boots. The face shield wasn't black, but it was opaque. The Mexican platoon was dressed in black as well but without any Mexican insignia. 
She assigned these pairs to reconnoiter the state's farms. The Valkyrie member would ask to see the owner or person in charge, and then ask questions along the lines of: Do you have any pickers yet? How much land have you seeded? How long did it take you to sow your crops? How many acres do you have total? If any owner were reluctant to share that information, which all of them were, the Valkyrie suggested that it would be easy for her to find out on her own. The former Californian biker partner would do a few wheelies ripping up the soil where they were standing and that prompted more cooperation. If you're wondering why they were wearing face shields, that's because a white woman asking questions about farm land while a white biker was driving her around would draw attention. 
In order to keep Villa's forces busy, the cadets was moving around the countryside and assaulting people's sensitivities with chalked signs on walls and buildings like this: Why did California lose the war in Utah? Where will we find pickers? What are we going to eat? The reason for the chalk was to make sure that the signs could be erased so that they could write them again, and again, and again. The platoon was also dressed entirely in black and were riding their hogs."
This results of the survey of agricultural land was presented to a large committee of agricultural workers in Tijuana. Their task was to identify California's twenty best farms in terms of soil conditions, available water, size, and management history. A second list of the next twenty best was also generated.
 # # # # # # # #
In Tempe, Maureen's comments about Coach Murphy prompted some serious discussions. Not about baseball. Both Maddy and Audrey were willing to overlook Coach Murphy's lack of real skills, because both of them were getting value from the camp. The best value was their evening sessions with Maureen, but they were also learning during Murphy's practices, although that was because the assistant coaches were doing all the work for him. They didn't want to leave Tempe.
You may wonder why they might even consider leaving. That was because of Maddy, who had a strong sense of right and wrong. It was wrong that the parents were paying Murphy money for assistant coaches when he had hired them for free. Both of them had seen the invoice in which all of the expenses were itemized. Audrey had mostly memorized it, so upset she was that she could lose the chance to go. She had a small stash of babysitting money and she was planning to offer to help pay, but that small stash was nowhere near enough to pay even the smallest charge. Murphy offered a scholarship by eliminating one of the items on the invoice and so that problem was averted. But Maddy's questions struck home. 
What if the cost that he eliminated wasn't a cost at all? What if he were getting this for free? Could everything else on the invoice be a lie too? 
Maddy had researched Andy Dandy [Happy Valentine's Day #25] and knew about fraud. Although they had slightly different thoughts about the coach, Maddy and Audrey did agree that truth was needed. They didn't know what they would do when they found it. 
Neither girl wanted to give up their evening training, but they had afternoons free if they skipped school. If anybody asked, they would say they were conducting research for a school project.
 From the university's Office of the Registrar, they were guided to a course advisor who was willing to talk with them when they explained that ASU's baseball program was their heart's desire. [Audrey's wording.] They saw descriptions of the entire four-year of courses that they could take for a degree in Physical Education with a specialty in coaching baseball. Maureen was right about the coaching course. They saw how much she had to pay, how often she could take that course (twice), the absolute requirement that an assistant coach could not miss a practice, and the warning that the visiting professor would provide the grade. Both of them raised an eyebrow on the professor part. They knew that a professor was a fancy-dancey teacher, but they hadn't realized that their coach qualified as fancy-dancey.
Fanny Fandiggity came out of semi-retirement. 
"I have a question. We hadn't realized that Coach Murphy was a professor. He's so modest about saying anything about his coaching and his baseball career. We'd like to brag about him to our parents. Could you tell us something about him?"
"I can do more than that. We have a public relations file on all of our faculty to give to community people who might want to take courses here at ASU. How about I give you a copy of his? It has a list of the references that he gave to the university when he applied for the coaching position." 
 # # # # # # # #
The next day, they went to the building that rented out the university facilities. Again, Fanny took charge.
"We're part of the girls team that is using your small diamond. We were thinking about playing a game against our parents when they come to pick us up. Could you tell us what it would cost us to rent the small diamond for a couple of hours? We know that it's not part of the rental agreement you have with Coach Murphy. One of our parents would sign whatever document you wanted."
"It would be free."
"It would be free because we'd be part of the current rental agreement?"
"No, it's free because the small diamond is free for anybody to use so long as they follow some rules and book ahead."
"Just to be absolutely sure that I'm not confused, Coach Murphy's program is renting that diamond at no charge."
"Yes. Last year, he didn't pay anything either. ASU wants people to use our facilities. They've paid for those facilities through their taxes. Playing fields, classrooms, meeting rooms - they're all free." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Hi, I'm Maddy Wiltz and this is Audrey Lee. We're part of the baseball players that are taking courses at your school."
"Yes, I recognize you. What can I do for you?"
"Audrey and I are writing a paper on how schools operate in Arizona and how they operate in Montana. Everything looks very much the same, but we weren't sure about how much you charge for students who don't live in the state."
"Schools in Arizona are free. Visiting students can attend the school at no charge provided that the classroom has space and provided that they don't make problems for the teacher. I've seen the two of you in the library all the time. We're happy to have you visit us. There's no charge."
Audrey jumped in. "What about the computer courses that we've had? Shouldn't we be paying for those?"
"Those old things? We have boxes and boxes of them. We use them in case somebody is ill and can't attend school. Otherwise, they just take up space. We wouldn't dare to charge for them. They're very poor forms of instruction." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Hi, my name is Audrey and this is my friend, Maddy. We've been eating food in your cafeteria for a couple of weeks. It's very good. We've often thought that we'd like to take extra food back to our room with us."
"Desserts?"
"Yeah. Should we paying for those somehow? Will they be added to our bill at the end of our stay?"
"Nah. Take as many as you want. Students in our culinary art courses cook those meals. The students pay for the materials that they cook through their course fees. We can hardly charge you for something that has already been paid for. You girls are considered students, so you get your food for free."
"Why are we considered students?"
"Your coach has indicated that all of you are very interested in attending ASU as part of the university's varsity sports program. We figure if we're hospitable when you are visiting campus, we might lure you into attending full time. I'm kidding about the luring. I'm not kidding about the food being free."
 # # # # # # # #
"Hi, we're in room 24 on the second floor."
"Is there a problem with the room?"
"No, we really like the room. We were just wondering about something. Our parents will be coming to pick us up at the end of March."
"Some of them may want to stay a couple of days. We're hoping to have a baseball game with them and perhaps show them around Tempe."
"So, we were thinking that they might want to stay here."
"What would that cost them?"
"Any food in the room?"
"No."
"No hanky panky is allowed."
"I don't think you have to worry about that."
"Well, winter semester courses will be over, and the house will be empty, so I'll charge them $10 per person per night. Maximum of two people in a room. Laundry facilities are in the local Laundromat."
"That seems to be very fair."
"It's exactly what I'm charging your coach."
...
Afterwards. 
"Maddy, what's hanky-panky?"
"Forgetting to use a Kleenex when your nose is dripping?"
['Hanky panky' is a term that originated in Britain in 1841. At that time, it was a reference to a magician's handkerchief, under which sleight of hand was invariably practiced. Later, it was extended to any behavior that was a little underhanded or questionable. By the 1900s, it was used in polite society to refer to sexual activity between couples. Impolite society had their own words for this.]
 # # # # # # # #
"So, if I have this right, our coach is paying a total of about $1,000 per person for the three months and that's for the rooms. Everything else is free."
"That's what I get too," Audrey said.
"Do you remember what he charged you before he gave you the scholarship?"
"It's burned into my brain. It was $10,000. He took off my food which I find out now is free." 
"His profit is $9,000 per person roughly. Twelve girls in the program. Total profit is $108,000 for standing in front of us and basically doing nothing." 
"We have to tell our parents."
"We need everything in writing first. Cowboy will know what kind of charges he could face."
"The girls are from all over. Who would charge him? Arizona?"
"What has he done that's illegal?"
"He's making a huge profit."
"He'll say that it's not illegal to make a profit."
"We have to think about this," Audrey said. "Nobody will listen to us."
 # # # # # # # #
Pilar was also thinking about something. She had stopped hanging around with Louella after the boys called her jailbait and Louella began to pretend she didn't know her at the parties. Pilar was now hanging out with the big crowd of players that was exploring Tempe. She wasn't going to hang around with Maddy and Audrey because Louella called them goody-two-shoes. She was becoming concerned about Louella though. She was staying out late Friday and Saturday night and was coming home smelling of booze. 
[Goody-two-shoes people have spreading goody-two-shoeness for over 300 years. The term first appeared in a children's story written by an author named John Newbery in London in 1765. It was a popular book at the time and the term was adopted to mean excessively virtuous people or do-gooders. From the perspective of all of the crooks, tyrants, and evil people that the Wilizy brought to justice, they would consider the Wilizy do-gooders. Audrey would be hurt by that phrase. She just wanted the girls on the team to like her. She had tried to help Louella by asking about her homework. Perhaps Louella had forgotten to do it. All of my readers know that Louella hadn't forgotten. As her parents knew, Audrey was still a little naive. Audrey had been hurt by Louella's comment and didn't want to have anything to do with her now. Maddy didn't consider herself a do-gooder and if the term fit or didn't fit, she wouldn't let a nasty word stop her. She was going to work hard at baseball even if the other girls didn't talk to her much. She was also going to get the goods on the coach one way or the other. Audrey had given up on that.] 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Starting on Monday February 15, the Valkyries began approaching the owners of the farmlands that the picker committee had identified as the twenty best farms in California. They were still keeping their whitenidity a secret and they were still accompanied by a biker for protection. The conversation went something like this.
"Are you interested in selling your farm?"
"Get off my property."
"Back off, hay seed. Don't touch her or I'll hurt you bad."
"How long do you have before your crop rots in the ground?"
"We'll be OK."
"Where will you find pickers? The governor has driven all the white pickers out of the state. If they had stayed, they would have been killed by some of the mobs."
"Californians will pick the crop."
"Good luck with that. How many brown Californians do you think would stoop to doing a white job?"
"We'll be OK."
"If you had found any brown pickers, you'd have them here already. You need pickers now. Where are they? I don't see anybody."
"Farming is very important for the state. We'll find pickers."
"If farming is so important, why did Governor Villa drive all the white pickers away? That's not helping you farmers."
"Brown supremacy is important."
"Are you prepared to lose your farm and everything that you've built for brown supremacy? That's what's going to happen. You have no chance of hiring pickers. Where will you get money to live? What about your family? They're going to starve."
"Why are you here?"
"I'm here to make an offer on your farm. I can find pickers."
"No, you can't."
"So you're saying that hiring pickers is hopeless."
"Yeah."
"You admit that your farm is worthless right now."
"We have a committee trying to meet with the governor."
"What would she do? Have the army pick your crops? The army has been defeated because the governor wanted to own Utah." 
"That was stupid."
"I'll make an offer on your farm. You'll get something to help you feed your family."
"What's the offer?"
"I will guarantee that I will buy ten California farms. But, I'm giving twenty farmers the chance to sell. You could be one of the ten. We're going to have a meeting outside of California so that the governor's goons won't be able to stop you from saving your family. Be outside your farmhouse next Monday at 8 am. Somebody will pick you up sometime between 8 and 9. You'll be away for the day. At the end of the day, the successful farmers will sign some legal documents and will walk away with cash money that the governor can't take from you. Because your farm has been successful in the past, the new owner will allow you to stay on your farm and manage it. You will have authority on what to plant and when. You will have pickers that you will treat properly, as you have done in the past. You'll receive a salary for your work. But you won't own the farm. If you're not interested, don't be outside your farmhouse Monday morning." 
 # # # # # # # #
Meanwhile, Governor Stookenhap and Stu were having meetings outside of California. 
The first meeting was with Governor Macdonald of Nevada. He decided to sign the joint defensive pact that other states had already signed. He did that right smartly. Stu had the papers ready.
"Your first name is Aulden?" Stook asked when he looked at the signature.
"Yuh."
"As in Aulden Macdonald had a farm?"
"Yuh, they do tease me on that. I threaten to cut off their access to the fries and that puts a stop to it. Can I get you guys a burger? We're having a special for governors and lawyers."
 "You talked us into it."
"A large order of fries is a million dollars each, but I'll supersize them."
"I don't think so. Nice try." 
"I had to try. I'll throw them in for free then."
 # # # # # # # #
The second visit was with the Governor of Utah. That meeting went pretty much the same way, with the exception of the food. Stook declined the offer of a lunch that day with the governor and his staff. He did ask a favor though. Could the governor arrange a meeting with some people high up in the church? Turns out that the governor was also the person in charge of the church. Important people in small states learned very quickly how to serve in multiple positions. 
Over lunch, Stook revealed details about the rescue, in particular, where the rescue forces had came from. 
"Mexico took care of the southern border of California. NORAD from Colorado handled the battles up here. Plus we had some local militia helping out."
"I knew about the women you had infiltrated. All of the church leaders were in the city but we were in hiding so that we couldn't be imprisoned and held hostage. The people that your women approached told us everything you were planning to do, especially what you had planned with the cargo copters. I was getting worried about food supplies but thought those shortages had been contrived. I also knew about the bombs in the temple but was surprised that you were able to remove them so easily."
"We were fortunate to have some very good volunteers," Stook said. "Ex-military for the most part."
"And what did you gain from freeing Utah?" the Utah governor asked. 
"The California forces are impotent now. They've lost key military personnel but they remain led by a crazy lady who still controls the minds of most Californians. None of the states around her will be safe while she is in power."
"How can Utah help?"
"And that takes us up to the reason why I want to talk with the Temple's leader."
"Why don't you wander around the temple while I change to my temple clothes. Our gowns always take a long time to get right."
 # # # # # # # #
"Is your intent with the farm land purchases to remove California's brown supremacy? The Temple would support you on that."
"That's not the primary intent. Californians have to make that decision. But when we introduce white pickers back into the economy, that should change the Californians' perception of whites as useless and unnecessary. I can hardly push for removal of brown supremacy when Colorado is a white supremacist state."
"But you're working on that."
"Yes, but our first goal is to get equal rights and respect for women. If we change that, we take away a white supremacist's favorite target."
"Your wife wields some authority."
"That she does."
"How much money will you need from the Temple?"
"Here are our estimates, assuming that we can buy what we want at the price we want." Stook slid a single piece of paper across the table. "We've also added expenses, mostly for cargo transportation." 
"This is doable," the Utah governor and church president said. "We'll have it here next Monday in cash."
"Stu will show you the legal documents that the farmers will have to sign."
...
"The look like straight forward documents."
...
"And this document will reveal what the farms will evolve into."
...
 "This document will change California's world."
"Stu was behind this. Any credit goes to him."
"You want the farmers here? In the temple?"
"Yes, we want them to see what their governor had threatened to destroy."
"We'll give them our deluxe tour."
"And then isolate each of them so they can't compare notes?"
"We have many private prayer rooms. What are the financial considerations for the Temple?"
"A fixed profit. You're risking a lot of money."
"We'll give you the cash interest free. There's no risk of default with this plan."
[Note: By the time Stook was meeting with the church president, Rivera's devil scale had been found and was now stored safely in the temple's basement. The church president didn't know anything about a hovering angel yet. That revelation would come in about twenty years. But he did know that a devil had died in their temple. It was either that or he was shedding.] 
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. Let's just say that we're doing this in appreciation for how you saved the temple."
[That didn't make any sense to Stook or Stu, but they'd happily accept the gift. In the years that followed, Utah was always very supportive of whatever Stook wanted to do within the alliance of the western states. Temple and Utah State officials figured he was an angel.] 
 # # # # # # # #
In Tempe, Audrey and Maddy backed off on their search for written proof of Murphy's crimes, if indeed any crime had been committed. Coming up with a fabricated reason why they needed a written document was daunting. If she had been alone, Maddy would have trailed Murphy to where he was living in Tempe. But that required an invisible body, which was difficult with Audrey living with her 24/7. 
They decided that they wouldn't return to the middle school. The library was limited and they had read all the good books that were there. They decided to tour the campus looking for something to do. They found the ASU library, asked the librarian what they had on baseball, and were shown to an A-V room. From now on, they would spend their afternoons in that room looking at old baseball games and viewing coaching instructional tapes. Some of these were part of the university's assigned readings for their coaching course. One of them had tips that were eerily similar to some of the things that Coach Murphy had said in their practices. Again, they couldn't prove anything, but now they knew how Murphy had known so much about coaching baseball.
This Saturday night, they decided they would knock on Pilar and Louella's door before lights out and try to be friendly with them. Louella had been ill and hadn't attended Saturday's practice. They wanted to see if she was alright. Louella wasn't there. Pilar explained that she had come home dead drunk on Friday night and she couldn't rouse her for Saturday's practice. She was much better by the time practice was over and disappeared that evening. Pilar was expecting that Louella would be drunk when she returned home tonight. Pilar would have to tell coach that she was still sick. 
"She's bragging about what she lets some guys do," Pilar shared.
"Is she having sex?" Audrey asked.
"I don't think so. But, she could be having sex when she's drunk."
"That would be rape," Maddy said. 
"She's coming home with puke on her clothes. She says that she doesn't know how it got there. I don't know what to do."
 They talked for a while, but Audrey and Maddy didn't know what to do either.
 # # # # # # # #
On Sunday, Winnie spent most of her family time helping Nary who had become a mother that week. Theo and Nary named the child Marie, a name that had been pre-ordained by a force of nature named Marie. Fortunately for the child, Nary had given birth to a girl.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 16

On Monday, everything went smoothly for the Wilizy when farm owners landed in Salt Lake City, toured the Temple, and then were cocooned in individual prayer rooms. The farm owners were going to need that prayer room. Facing them was Wizard who went from one room to the next asking for their best price. You may not remember this, but Wizard had the unique ability to be able to look at the person across the negotiating table from him and know if he were offering the best price he could afford. [Assassination Day, Book #3.]
In the first round of negotiating, Wizard would stand at the door, ask for the best price, refuse it, and then leave. Meanwhile, Stu was relaxing in the main temple, staring at the beautiful walls, ceiling, and spires. 
In the second round, Wizard would actually sit down, ask for the best price, and consider it. In some cases, he would stand up and remind his unfortunate adversary that he could only guarantee that he would buy ten farms. Unfortunately, he had twenty farmers all trying to sell their farms. Then, he walked out. In other cases, he would ask the farmer to explain why he couldn't go lower. He'd take the farmers that had a good reason to a boardroom where Stu was sitting at a table with multiple stacks of cash. Wizard would announce the negotiated amount and leave for his next interview. Stu would pass a contract to the successful farmer and say: Read it, ask questions if you don't understand it, then sign. We won't negotiate any further with you.
At the end of the third round, all but two farmers had received Wizard's approval. On the way home to California, those two had to sit in the same copter as the eighteen happy and relieved farmers who had been successful. A week later, Stu would visit the two unsuccessful farmers and ask if they had changed their mind yet. They had. 
 # # # # # # # #
Starting on Tuesday, new cargo copters were waiting on the tarmac in Tijuana as the pickers who were designated to work for the next two weeks gathered. Each of them knew what Californian farm they were going to. They would sleep in the farm's picker accommodations. At the end of two weeks, the same cargo copters would deliver different pickers scheduled to work for the next two weeks and return the previous pickers to Tijuana.
According to the free trade agreement between Colorado and California, workers who spent most of their time in Colorado (otherwise known as Tijuana), would pay taxes to Colorado. Colorado's tax assessment for these pickers was $0.00. Workers who spent most of their time in California would pay taxes to California. With Melissa's plan, Tijuana workers would never work long enough in California to require them to pay a Californian tax. 
You may be wondering what happened to the crops that the workers picked. Crops were picked up daily by Tijuana citizens in the company's cargo copters and parked where the company managing the pickers and the crop transportation was based. Namely, Tijuana Colorado. With the picked crops now sitting outside of California, it was clear that California had no claim on any profits that might be made by that company. Goodbye, California's tax revenue. Hello, California's big financial problems.
Company staff would then deliver the picked food to states in the area that had pre-ordered. No such orders had been received from California, so they got nothing. 
To be clear, every person working for this company was a Tijuana citizen who had formerly worked in California. Some were now working as pickers. Others were working in the company offices. Others were working as cargo pilots. That meant that entire families of hated whites were now earning good money, all from farms in California that were no longer owned by Californians. Neither the workers nor the businesses had to pay California taxes. 
Now, about the company copters. These were brand new, maximum capacity freight cargo copters that had been purchased with Temple money. The image of a green lettuce was painted on both sides of the fuselage. Above that image, the company's soon to be popularized name was visible. CA CO. The CA stood for California. You'll have to wait to find out what the CO stood for. That part of the business hasn't been established yet. 
 # # # # # # # #
In Tempe, there was potentially good news on the Louella front. On Friday, three university women had pushed Louella into a bedroom at a fraternity party and warned her that if she came to any more frat parties, they would scar her for life. She was to take her jailbait ass and leave their boy friends alone. One of them had held a hot curling iron to her face, so Louella came home early and sober on Saturday. Pilar was hoping she had learned her lesson. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

Melissa's Operation CA CO will take a long time to bear fruit, if I dare to use an agricultural pun. One of the operation’s goals was making Californians more tolerant and that couldn't be done with a click of a button. Plus, it would take time for the farms that the Tijuana families were picking to be useful in the operation. Plus, Governor Villa was a stubborn woman who controlled the legislature. All of this to say that today, Monday March 1, they were nowhere near the end of Melissa's operation. Slow but steady was the theme here.
You've seen how the white families were now completely engaged in farming the twenty best plots of land in California. These farms were selected largely on how well the original farmer had treated his employees when they were considered the dregs of society. These twenty farmers had treated them well. With Melissa's plan, the former owners went from being a supreme boss to being an employee who was paid a salary and has to work directly with whites. These men will be successful at that, in part because of their history of tolerance. As to the list of the second best farms in the state, that list will not be needed quite yet. 
The Mexican mobile attack platoon was no longer needed to protect the Valkyries. They joined the cadets in fomenting trouble throughout the state. The theme of What happened to our army? would continue for a while. Soon, it would focus on Where will we get our food? Chalked signs would continue. But, there were other ways to 'sow discord', which is another agricultural pun that I'm 'planting' for your enjoyment. Protest rallies, for example. Granny headed the committee in charge of 'spreading manure' [Yes, I will stoop that low] on Pancha Villa's carefully concocted image of a democracy-loving governor. She was ably assisted by Momaka, Wanda, and Marie. Meanwhile, trouble-making cadets and bikers continued to wear anonymous black garb, which made it easy for Momaka and Wanda to enjoy the pleasure of riding their own hogs. Granny and Marie were their passengers. 
# # # # # # # #
It was Saturday in Tempe. Coach Murphy announced that he was arranging some weekend games against other 13-year old girls. More details would follow. For now, all weekend practices were cancelled. All of the girls perked up at the idea of games. Realistically, practices seven days a week were far too much for this age group. They had done that for almost two months and most girls were becoming lethargic and lazy. When they saw that Louella had managed to pull off a two day fake illness without penalty, more fake illnesses would bound to follow. 
As to Louella, Pilar told Audrey and Maddy over lunch that Louella had a new boy friend that was discouraging her from drinking. Louella had told her that he was way more mature than the frat boys and she felt completely safe when she was with him. She had had a date with him Friday night and she was back in her room, completely sober, before lights out. She would have another date with him this coming Saturday night and she promised Pilar that she'd be back before lights out. 
That seemed like good news for Audrey and Maddy, and it was good news about some games and the elimination of weekend practices, so both girls were wondering how they would spend their free time. Maddy already knew. Investigating Coach Murphy was now more possible. Just because she personally couldn't do any out-of-state research, that didn't mean somebody else couldn't. She had the perfect person in mind for that.
# # # # # # # #
"Who is this guy?" Karita asked.
"He's one of the references Coach Murphy gave to Arizona State University when he got his job as a visiting professor."
"A baseball coach is a professor?"
"I don't think he is either. He scammed Mac and Wolf out of a lot of money for the camp I'm attending. I know this, but I can't prove it. This is where I need you. Coach Murphy said that he had been on the staff of Appalachian State University and this guy, Jonas T. Thumberland, would provide a recommendation on request. The university is in Boone, North Carolina. He gave an e-mail address but I don't want to use that. I don't want anybody to know that I'm asking about him. One of our coaches said that Murphy is mean like a snake."
"What do you want me to do?" 
"Go to Boone, North Carolina and find this guy, Thumberland. Pretend to be somebody who's looking for a baseball coach for 13-year old girls and you had heard of Ambrose Murphy. Ask Thumberland if he's a good coach. I'd bet he doesn't know anything about Murphy. If so, I could tell Arizona State University that the guy is a fraud. They'd fire him and maybe that would help get some of the money he scammed back to the parents. Can you do that?"
"Well, I am Fanny Fandiggity after all."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 18

Thursday. Maddy and Audrey were at the gym complex working out. Pilar was with her friends at a bowling alley. Louella was with her new boyfriend. 
"Have you managed to stay away from liquor, Louella?"
"Yes. I know that it's bad for me."
"And what would happen if, for example, I put this open bottle of beer underneath your nose?"
"I'd feel like puking. I'm not going to drink any more."
 "Well done, Louella. You can be so much more than a drunk."
"I'm glad that you're helping me."
"I'm happy to help you, my dear. Have you thought any more about living your fantasy?"
"I have. Fantasies are good to have. It's like having a goal that you can strive for. Some of the girls want to be baseball players. I have different goals. There's nothing wrong if I have different goals. There's nothing wrong if I have a fantasy and live it."
"Well said, my dear. How could it be bad if you have a fantasy and live it here in this room where nobody can see you?"
"It can't be bad. But it will be good for me because I will release my inner me. My inner me will become more creative and daring. That will help me in my life."
"Very good. I think you're now ready for your first fantasy. Have you thought what it will be?"
"Yes. I want to pretend to be a stripper."
"My goodness. You are becoming more daring. Well done, Louella! Do you want to start on that now?"
 "Yes."
"Very good. The first thing that a stripper has to learn how to do is to walk around without any clothes on. Can you do that?"
"I do that in my room and Pilar is there."
"Well, you won't have an audience here. I'll be in the storeroom next door. I won't be able to see you at all."
"I know that I can do this."
"I'm sure you can. Why don't you hop off the scanner and we'll push it out of the way. This will give you more room to walk."
...
"Remember, I can't see you but I can hear you. Call me when you're done. Make sure you're fully dressed before you call me. It wouldn't be right for me to see you if you weren't fully dressed."
...
"Neil, I'm done."
"Do you feel better about yourself now?"
"I do. But I don't know how to be a stripper. I know they take most of their clothes off, but that's all."
"I can help you there. This bot has videos of women stripping. Watch the bot tomorrow night in a place where you can't be interrupted."
"I'll sneak into Audrey's room. She and Maddy will be at the gym complex."
"Here's a little gift for you. You've been doing so well with the drinking, I thought you deserved it."
...
"It's very skimpy. It has more holes than fabric. I could never wear this red dress in public."
"Of course you couldn't. This is a stripper's dress. If you're going to live your fantasy of being a stripper, you need a stripper's dress."
"Oh. Of course. I can watch the video and then practice with this dress in Audrey's room."
"What a splendid idea. Do that Friday night and come back here Saturday. You can try stripping here, where nobody can see you. How could that be bad?"
"It can't."
"One last thing, Louella. Look at me. Gazendogalapadus." 
...
You will not tell anybody what we talked about tonight. Stripping was your idea and you want to do it. Repeat that to me."
"I will not tell anybody what we talked about tonight. Stripping was my idea and I want to do it."
"Gazendogalapadus."
"I'll see you Saturday night, Louella."
"OK, Neil."
 # # # # # # # #
Neither Audrey nor Maddy felt like working hard on Friday night. Maureen had to leave early, so they did too.
Maddy was down in the dumps because Karita had told her that afternoon that the guy in Appalachian State University had given Coach Murphy a glowing review for both his work as a professor in their PE department and as a coach of a community baseball team. What he said didn't jive with the man she saw every morning. Maybe, he couldn't handle Arizona's heat. He never actually did anything. 
Audrey was down because Coach had announced that the game that they had scheduled in Phoenix had to be cancelled. The team down there had called it off. Her sister Tanya was planning to watch the game, but now she couldn't. She said that perhaps she'd come up to Tempe at the end of March, but that wasn't good enough for Audrey. That was three weeks away and she was homesick for her family. 
When they got to their floor, they stopped and chatted with Pilar. Louella was still sober, so Pilar was happy about that. Meanwhile, Louella heard their voices from inside Audrey's room, removed her dress, and shoved it quickly between Audrey's mattress and box spring. Then, she put on her robe and started thinking. 
As Audrey and Maddy approached their own room, Louella came out of their room and asked if they had seen her shampoo. They said No and carried on. Louella was always losing things. Pilar had the duty of asking her if she had her mitt in her bag before they left for practice, for example. Both girls undressed, put on a robe, got their towels and shower clogs, and traipsed down to the shower room. Being in the same small room together for eight weeks meant that they had seen each other's body a lot. Neither looked directly at each other when they were undressing but they weren't shy about undressing together. But, Audrey would freak out if her bra strap were showing when they went for meals. Maddy had to check before Audrey would venture out. 
They came back to their room and were putting on their sleep clothes when Maddy asked, "What's that?" and pointed.
"What's what?"
"The red thing in your bed."
Both approached the bed and looked. A small piece of red cloth was sticking out from underneath her mattress. Maddy lifted the mattress and Audrey pulled it out.
They had a number of questions. First, what was it? It looked like a dress but it wasn't. 
"There's hardly any fabric," Audrey pointed out.
"But it's still a dress. Here's where the arms go. The head comes through here. Try it on over your jammies."
Audrey did. "It's too big for me."
"Do you see those gaps in the fabric? Why are they there?
Audrey adjusted the dress so that it would fit somebody taller and rotated.
"If that's all you wore, I could see everything that you wouldn't want me to see, Audrey."
"Who would wear this kind of dress in public?"
"A stripper would," Maddy concluded.
"How do you know about strippers?"
"My sister gave me a porno tape for my birthday. It was mostly about men but they showed strippers too."
 That brought up a second question. How did it get in their bedroom? 
"Has Louella ever come into our bedroom?" Maddy asked.
"Just the one time when she and Pilar were showing off their party dresses. But they stayed just inside the door." 
"That's what I thought too. So, why would Louella think that she had left her shampoo here if she has never been in here?"
"It would never be here. She's not that stupid." [A little blunt for Audrey, but true.] 
"Take the dress off." Maddy was in command mode.
Audrey did and handed it to Maddy. "Are you going to try it on?"
"I'd have to shower for a week." Instead, Maddy held it to her nose. "I smell Louella's perfume. It's faint, but it's there."
Audrey smelled and confirmed. "Why does Louella have a stripper's dress?"
"Audrey, I have to wash the smell of this thing off me. Stuff this thing back under your mattress, will ya? I'll be back in a bit."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, I need you. Something horrible is happening in our baseball camp. It'll take too long to explain. Can you come? Now?
Are you in danger?
I don't think so, but a 13-year-old girl here has a new boy friend that could be a pimp. She's wearing stripper clothes in secret.
I can be there in five minutes. Do you have a plan?
Sort of. We'll have to start with some titr'g. But, I have a roommate that knows nothing about us. She's with me 24/7.
That will be a problem. I'll bring Karita. Can you get away from your roomie when she's sleeping?
Yes.
Come outside your building when she's asleep. We'll be there.
 # # # # # # # #
 "It's your operation, Maddy. Tell us what you want us to do." Winnie said.
They were outside and in a place that they couldn't be seen or heard. Being invisible helped with that. Maddy had told them all about Louella and how she had a new boy friend who must have given her a stripper dress earlier that week. She couldn't be sure when. "If we find the new boyfriend, we can set up drones. Then, we can charge him with being a pervert. Reese can have a trial and Kashmira can sing him to death."
"Is teaching her to strip an act of perversion?"
"Definitely. She's 13 years old."
"Does he know that she's 13?"
"I don't know."
"So, your approach is good. Find the boyfriend, but let's not decide in advance what we're going to do with him. OK?"
"Yeah." 
"How will we find the boyfriend?"
"We can be sure that Louella saw him tonight. She has talked about Friday night dates with him. Can we titr back to when Louella comes into our room and TiTr back where she came from? She'll be with the boyfriend."
"That's very hard to do. Basically when we titr, we have to stay in the same time period and look around."
"Huh." 
"Has she said anything about her boyfriend?"
"Just that he is much more mature than the university guys she was hanging with and she felt very safe with him."
"Well, if you don't know where he is in the past, do you know where he'll be in the future?"
"I know where Louella will be tomorrow."
"In your bedroom picking up that dress," Karita talked for the first time. She was trying hard not to make strategic suggestions. Maddy would not appreciate that.
Winnie continued. "That means that Karita and I will be able follow her to her date. We'll know where he works or lives. We can see what he's doing in real life, and that can be the evidence if we go to trial. Are you OK with that, Maddy?"
"Yes. Can I help?"
"Not without knocking Audrey unconscious first. All I need to know now is what Louella looks like."
"I'll point her out to you at breakfast."
"We'll be there but invisible."
"We have a lot of time to wait until Louella is ready to have her date," Karita pointed out. "Did you have anything else we could do for you, Maddy? Your coach perhaps?"
And that opened up a second investigation which required a full explanation first of why Karita's information didn't jive with what they thought was true. Karita and Winnie would go to practice on Monday so that they could see the coach in action.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

Saturday. Karita and Winnie were waiting invisibly inside Maddy and Audrey's bedroom when somebody rapped on the door and entered. Louella. She pulled the red dress out of its hiding place, placed it inside a bag from the campus souvenir store, and left. 
Louella walked up the hill to the souvenir store, but stopped in front of a massage and physiotherapy clinic that was scrunched in between two bars. She leaned nonchalantly against the window, which held the name of the clinic's proprietor. Doctor Neil Gorman. She rapped on the window lightly and the door opened. She disappeared into the clinic. Nobody noticed. They were too busy lining up to enter the two bars.
Karita and Winnie changed into shoulder demons and floated into the office through some vents. They found Louella sitting on the glass on top some sort of machine. A man in a white coat was sitting in a reception chair in front of her. He had a bottle of beer in his hands. He spoke first.
"Have you managed to stay away from liquor, Louella?"
"Yes. I know that it's bad for me."
"And what happens if, for example, I put this open bottle of beer underneath your nose?"
"I feel like puking. I'm not going to drink any more."
 "Well done, Louella. You can be so much more than a drunk."
"I'm glad that you're helping me."
"I'm happy to help you, my dear. Have you thought any more about living your fantasy?"
"I have. Fantasies are good to have. It's like having a goal that you can strive for. Some of the girls want to be baseball players. I have different goals. There's nothing wrong if I have different goals. There's nothing wrong if I have a fantasy and live it."
"Well said, my dear. How could it be bad if you have a fantasy and live it here in this room where nobody can see you?"
"It can't be bad. But it will be good for me because I will release my inner me. My inner me will become more creative and daring. That will help me in my life."
"Very good. Do you have a fantasy that you would like to live tonight?"
"Yes, I have been practicing to be a stripper. I even have a stripper's dress."
"Show me."
...
"That's a very nice dress. I'm sure that you'll be an excellent stripper. Would you like to live out your fantasy now?"
"Yes."
"Very well. I will go into the storage room where I cannot see you. You should put on your stripper dress. Do you know what to do?"
"Yes, I had a bot to watch."
"Call me when you're finished, but make sure that you're fully dressed. I should not see you unclothed. You are entirely safe in this clinic."
"I know that I am, Neil."
....
There are cameras in here, aren't there?
Without a shadow of a doubt, Karita. I have a camera detector in my bag and we'll use it after they're finished. Peek in the storeroom. Tell me what he's doing.
...
He's doing a crossword puzzle.
That exchange before he went into the storeroom sounded strange. Did it seem strange to you?
Yes. She's starting to strip all over again.
The big question Karita is: Why is he doing this? He should be peeking. He isn't. What does he get out of this?
We'll ask Maddy whether she has heard of him.
She's dressing now.
Thank goodness. I didn't like watching this at all.
We had a Wilizy girl who didn't want to watch a couple having sex, so she didn't. She messed up bad. Somebody else was almost killed. Just because you find this embarrassing, you still have to watch it.
I am never doing a strip tease for Reese.
She had a couple of good moves there.
Winnie!
I'm allowed to be raunchy. I have a boyfriend after all.
Really?
You must be the only female in the family who didn't know.
...
"Did you live out your fantasy, Louella?"
"Yes. I did my dance twice."
"I am sure you did an excellent job. Do you have any idea what fantasy you'd like to live out next?"
 "Could I try it with music? I think I could do a better job."
"Music it is. One last thing, Louella. Look at me. Gazendogalapadus." 
...
"You will not tell anybody what we talked about tonight. Stripping was your idea and you want to do it. Repeat that to me."
"I will not tell anybody what we talked about tonight. Stripping was my idea and I want to do it."
"Gazendogalapadus."
"I'll see you next week at the usual time, Louella."
"Thanks, Neil. I feel much better now." 
 # # # # # # # #
What was that?
I'm not sure. I've never seen that before. I'll ask Lillian. I'll take a sniff in the storeroom; here's the camera detector. You'll find four I think.
...
How many cameras did you find?
Four. How'd you know?
Four would give him full coverage of the room. He's not a devil. The closed storeroom would be reeking if he were and it wasn't. Let's find Maddy. 
 # # # # # # # #
It's late Sunday night after Audrey was asleep. Winnie has been to Heaven and back.
"Your coach introduced this Gorman guy to you and set up a schedule for you to be tested?'"
"Right"
"So you felt that you had to do it."
"Sort of. He was offering to give girls free physiotherapy and massages; I think having us in his research was to thank him for that."
"And when you got to his office, you found out that you had to undress and lie on a glass screen." 
"Yes, he said that he'd be in the storeroom and we saw that he had no way to see into the room."
"Did you and Audrey undress?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"It didn't feel right to me."
"What was wrong about it?"
"I didn't like his reason why we had to undress. He said our clothes would be in the way. Why would somebody make a machine that could scan through your skin if it couldn't scan through some flimsy clothes first?"
"Thank goodness for your instincts, Maddy. Four cameras were in that room."
"We had to lie still for five seconds before pushing the button. Was that so the cameras would get a good shot?"
"Probably. The cameras will also have taken pictures of girls undressing. You and Audrey didn't stay. Did the others?"
"I don't know. The team never talked about it. I know Louella and Pilar did the test. They were scheduled just before us. Is that why Louella has been acting so strange?"
"Louella has been acting strange because this so called doctor has hypnotized her. He has a special word that will put her into a trance. Then he tells her what she has to do for him. When he says the word a second time, she comes out of the trance and she doesn't remember what has happened. It very unlikely that she would ever hear that word in normal conversation. Lillian told me about this trance business. I didn't know about it before."
"Is that why she had the stripper dress?"
"Yes. He hypnotized her to pretend she was a stripper and took pictures of her."
"Why? So that he could watch the pictures over and over?"
"I don't think so. There's something else there. He didn't seem interested at all in seeing her strip. She probably would have let him." 
"What about the coach?"
"He obviously is connected to Gorman somehow, but perhaps Coach Murphy doesn't know what he's doing. Were you ever very close physically to Murphy?"
"My moms and dads had a meeting around a table with him. I was there."
"Did you smell sulpher?"
"No. I would have recognized it for sure. Coach Murphy has charged our parents way more money than he should have. I can't prove that he's a crook. Karita checked him out for me."
"Yes, she told me. The guy she talked to gave your coach a good recommendation and yet he's a lousy coach. She smelled him. He's not a devil." 
"What are we going to do?"
"Louella is our first priority. Finding out what those two guys are doing can wait. I've asked Paula to join us. She'll follow Louella around wherever she goes. Karita and I will try and figure out what's happening. I'd like to look at those cameras to start with. You should get some sleep. Follow your normal routine."
"Is this your operation now?"
"Sorry, yes. These are very nasty people. You'll be involved though."
"I don't mind if you take over. I'm better at fighting than running an operation."
"You had excellent instincts. You saved Audrey from some terrible things."
"I'm not undressing ever again."
"You'll change your mind about that, I hope."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 20

Monday morning. Gorman and Murphy were having breakfast in the university faculty's dining room. Even though it was mostly empty, they were leaning over their meals, hiding their mouths, and talking very quietly. Nobody was close enough to hear what they were saying, but still, directional mikes did exist and protocols had to be followed. They didn't know that invisible angels existed, but they didn't have to worry about that. 
Murphy was speaking. "I heard from our friend in Appalachia. He had a visitor who was asking questions about me being a professor and baseball coach for young girls."
"Why would anybody go to him?"
"He was one of my references when I applied for faculty status here. He told the person that I was wonderful in both positions."
"Do we know who was asking?"
"Our friend took a security picture." Murphy passed a paper across the table.
"That looks like Maddy, but it isn't. Older sister?"
"That's what I thought too."
"This is not good."
"It gets worse. ASU's facility rentals staff contacted me and asked if we were planning to go forward with a rental of the small diamond for the parents and players baseball game at the end of March. They would need to book it if we wanted to assure the time."
"You've started giving the girls games? I thought you just promised them some fictional games and then cancelled them when the other team backed out."
"I'm still doing that. I didn't know anything about this parent-player game."
"Who asked them about a rental like that."
"Two of our players. One was definitely Maddy. We can assume that Audrey was the other."
"Maddy is the one with a police chief father."
"I remember."
...
"How far has your training with Louella progressed?"
"Level 1. She's fully cooperative. I gave her the idea of being a stripper in our first session and she acted on that. This weekend she gave the cameras two strip teases. Next week, it will be strip teasing with music. That was her idea. I haven't decided what fantasy she'll have next. I only have her for three more weeks."
"How about an assassin fantasy?"
"That's an unusual combination. I haven't done one of those before. She could resist. Hypnosis doesn't work too well if the victim has a strong feeling against behaving the way we want her to behave. In this case. Louella liked to striptease because she likes to show off her body. It wasn't much of a leap to get her naked. She'll want an audience soon. I don't know if an assassin fantasy would stick."
"What if you were to add some MescalMeth?"
"That would do it. Why should we create an assassin combo stripper?"
"Two girls need to die. Who better to do that than Louella? Have her shoot Audrey and Maddy in the middle of the night with a silenced gun. Tell her to leave the gun in their bedroom and go back to sleep."
"Shot residue on her hands?" 
"In Hickville Arizona? Really?"
"How much time can I have with her?"
"You can get her into the clinic tonight, right?"
"It's not part of her routine, but yes."
"With the MescalMeth, how much time will you need before she's compliant?"
"An hour. Two at the most."
"Audrey and Maddy will die early tomorrow morning."
"And us?"
"Our cover is blown. We follow protocol."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 21

By mid morning on Monday, Winnie had her team in place. She had brought in Cassie and Lillian to help. The team's primary goal for now was to help Louella but that meant catching her when she was in a trance. Presumably, that would be Thursday, Friday or Saturday night. They'd deal with Gorman and Murphy after that.
Cassie would attend baseball practice this morning and stay with Coach Murphy for the week. Winnie wanted to know where he was living in Tempe. 
Karita would wait by Gorman's clinic until he arrived on Monday and then follow him around for the week for the same reasons that Cassie was. 
Maddy would continue her usual routine until Gorman had hypnotized Louella. When Karita gave her the signal, Maddy would come to the clinic, overpower Gorman, and put him under restraints. Lillian would de-trance Louella with the gazendogalapadus password. She would then memory wipe those portions of her memory that had formed from the hypnosis. Louella would wake up in her bed the next morning remembering nothing about Gorman or any of the fantasies. 
Once Louella was safe, Winnie and Paula would put Coach Murphy under restraints with help from Cassie.
During the week, Winnie and Paula would search where Murphy and Gorman were living as well as Gorman's business. They'd start on Monday with the cameras in the clinic. 
Winnie didn't know what they would do to Murphy and Gorman. Her first inclination was to give them to Doc's team. 
 # # # # # # # #
Monday, noon. 
Winnie and Paula were able to gain entry into Gorman's clinic easily. Winnie knew where the cameras were located and was able to examine them. The cameras didn't have any storage space, so she started looking for a server that the cameras would use to store the images. She found the server under a pile of crossword puzzle books in the storage room. That server had lots of capacity but it also had a built in function to upload its contents to a distant location. That location would be hard to find. This was disturbing news. Copies of everything that those cameras had seen were stored somewhere and could be made public at any time. 
Since this was the second year that Gorman had been in Arizona, they'd have to assume that images of about twenty-five young girls could be released if they allowed Gorman or Murphy to access an electronic device. To prevent that, they would have to question them. What could she do to them if both men just refused to say anything? She expected that Heaven would have some qualms about torturing them. [Winnie was right. Joe-Joe had been working with Kashmira to shorten her death by song routines for that very reason. But torture is so hard to define. Listening to Winnie sing could be considered torture.] Winnie put aside the question of how to persuade the two men to talk. Perhaps they'd confess all. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie arrived back in Tucson at 4:30. She checked in with Cassie first because she figured that Coach Murphy would have gone home after the morning practice. Cassie said that he was snoozing in the faculty lounge. 
Karita reported the Gorman hadn't shown up at his clinic yet. She couldn't find any records whatsoever of walk-in patients, which meant that he had no reason to be in the clinic except to work with Louella. Perhaps he was out of town until Thursday. Winnie instructed her to relax inside the clinic.
[Karita's hunch that Gorman was out of town was accurate. He was picking up some MescalMeth in Punkin Center.] 
Winnie found Maddy and Audrey in the cafeteria at 6:30. She didn't know what to do about Audrey if Maddy had to find an excuse to leave her alone while she restrained Gorman. But, she had lots of time to work that out. 
 # # # # # # # #
An emergency all-team mind message went out at 6:46.
Karita: Gorman walked into the cafeteria and stared at Louella until she looked up. He pointed his head toward the exit and left. He's walking towards his clinic now. Louella is walking a block behind him. 
Winnie: Lillian, we may need you tonight.
Lillian: On my way.
Winnie: What's Murphy doing, Cassie?
Cassie: He's in the Faculty Lounge but he keeps looking at the clock.
Winnie's emergency brain cells leapt to action
Winnie: All team. Be prepared for Murphy and Gorman to go on a runner tonight. They're closing down with one last session with Louella. Karita, any idea what he's going to hypnotize her to do?
Karita: Not yet. Louella is just coming into the clinic now. 
Winnie: Give us a live broadcast of what he's doing.
Karita: She's sitting on the glass; he's sitting on the chair.
He's going through the beginning of his spiel. 
He's talking about staying away from liquor.
Is she ready to live out a fantasy?
Louella wants to strip to music. 
He just said 'gazendogalapadus.' 
 She's gone silent.
He's telling her that she's going to live a fantasy of killing somebody instead of stripping.
She'll be entirely safe.
She won't get caught. 
He's asking her if she is ready to live out her new fantasy. 
She doesn't want to kill. 
He is showing her a perfume bottle. 
 The perfume is a gift because she's been so good about staying away from liquor. 
Would she like some perfume? 
She says that she would. 
He's spraying it on her neck. 
He's sitting down.
Nothing is happening. 
Louella's eyes are rolling around in her head. 
He's standing up. 
He has her face in her hands. 
He's telling her that she has to defend Pilar from Audrey and Maddy who are going to kill her.
He's asking her if she will save Pilar's life.
 Louella says, Yes.
He's telling her that her fantasy is learning how to be an assassin. 
Here comes gazendogalapadus again.
She's alert. 
He's going through the opening speeches. 
He's asking her if she has a fantasy to live out.
 She says she does. 
What is the fantasy? 
She wants to be an assassin.
He's putting a gun in her hands.
He says that nobody will hear the gun because it has a silencer. 
Now, they're going to practice with blanks.
Winnie: All team: Maddy you're feeling sick. Ask Audrey to take you home. Lillian can you put Audrey to sleep?
Lillian: Yes.
Winnie: Maddy, stay in the room. Be prepared to stop Louella as soon as she enters your room. Lillian will give you a countdown when she's on the second floor and walking towards your room. Lillian can you operate in that room or do you need to go somewhere?
Lillian: This room is fine. I'll need fifteen minutes without interruption.
Winnie: Maddy, stay outside the door and guard it while Lillian is removing memories. Karita, give us updates what Gorman is doing but keep it simple. Give us a warning when he's ready to send her out to kill. Cassie and Karita, be prepared to follow Murphy and Gorman afterwards. Let's see where they go. If they're pulling up stakes, we may be able to follow them to others like them. Does anybody have any questions? Have I missed anything?
 # # # # # # # #
Lillian and Winnie were sitting near the top of the Arizona State University's Football Stadium in Tempe waiting for the operation to come to its end. After her operation on Louella, Lillian had carried a sleeping Louella into her room and deposited her gently on her bed. Now, Maddy and Audrey were asleep in their room. Karita and Cassie were still trailing Murphy and Gorman.
"This is the first time I've ever been in a devil's stadium," Lillian quipped.
"Huh," Winnie responded intelligently.
"ASU's teams are known as the Sun Devils."
"I don't know much about sports."
"Obviously, although the name is on the outside of the stadium."
"It was dark."
"Maddy did a good job with Louella. She stopped her dead in her tracks but didn't hurt her."
"She and Audrey have been training very hard. She's worried about her parents getting cheated."
"What are you going to do about that?"
"I don't know. It will depend if we can squeeze some money out of Murphy and Gorman."
"Where are they now?"
"Approaching downtown Phoenix. Karita said that they were taking precautions about being followed. It's about ten miles from Tempe to Phoenix. Karita said they must have walked twenty miles."
"What did you think about Shields' help in Salt Lake City?"
"I liked her. She was very efficient with the bombs and she loves flowers. She had a great idea about promoting more flowers in Heaven. What's not to like?"
"I see hanging baskets of flowers all over downtown Heaven now. I have a vase full of flowers on my desk and two vases in my workroom. Part of my routine now is to stop and pick up new flowers every day. Some angels wear wrist corsages. I like vases."
"Whoever created angel bodies, they missed the boat when they made male and females bodies look almost identical. Women are not smaller men."
"So now, women in Heaven can be feminine."
"Works for me."
Karita: Winnie and Lillian, we are approaching the Chase Tower. Downtown Phoenix is deserted now. Their pace has picked up.
Winnie: Thanks, Karita. "They might have apartments in the tower. I guess we'll find out soon enough."
"I only know one thing about Phoenix."
"What do you know?"
"Five, four, three, two, one and now."
Karita: Gorman and Murphy are going down a long escalator. We're following. Here's another long escalator. This building has deep basements.
Winnie: Karita, get out of that building. It has a PUS station at the bottom.
...
Winnie: Karita? Respond!
Winnie: Cassie. Respond.
Winnie: KARITA: GET OUT OF THAT BUILDING!
...
Karita: Winnie: We had to come back to ground level to have reception. We were seeing devils coming up an escalator. We can't follow Murphy and Gorman. Please advise.
Winnie: Karita and Cassie. Return to Tempe. You'll find us at the Sun Devil football stadium. Lillian will be tied up and hanging from a flagpole.
Karita: What?
Winnie: Return to Tempe. Use my GPS to find me.
"What was that one thing that you knew about Phoenix, Lillian?"
"That it had a PUS station at the bottom of the Chase Tower."
"You didn't think to warn me? We could have picked them up."
"I wasn't absolutely sure that they'd go to the station, although I did know that your mission would fail in regards to Gorman and Murphy. It had a big red light on my boards."
"Perhaps I could have changed things. Did you want the mission to fail?"
"I've had the enjoyment of watching my missions fail. I thought perhaps that you would enjoy having a similar experience."
"Now you're pulling my leg. What's up?"
"What would you have gained if you had been able to catch those two?"
"Justice. Perhaps some money for the parents."
"And for them?"
"Death as mortals in front of the Nemeses, I guess."
"And that would put them into Hell where they are now. Instead, you've just learned that two mortals can walk into Hell through a PUS station. They are mortals, aren't they?"
"We thought so. They passed the sniff test."
"What does that tell you?"
"That Hell has found a way to suppress their sulfur smell and these two devils have been field testing it?"
"Or?"
...
"Suppressing their sulfur smell is all I got."
"Or, Hell is using mortal agents as subcontractors just as we are doing. And if so, there's virtually no way to find them."
"Both alternatives are very bad news."
"Now, aren't you glad that your mission failed?"
"It didn't actually fail. It had a surprise ending."
"It failed through no fault of anybody in the operation. So, what will you do now?"
"Tie you up to the flag pole?"
"Or, you might discover how Hell managed to get two mortals through their evil sensing gates, find them, and give them justice."
"You said finding them was virtually impossible. I have respons..."
"Guinny has already transferred you to me. Welcome home, Winnie. You're going back to Hell."
"Oh, boy."
"Show a little enthusiasm."
"Oh boy, oh boy?" 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 22

It's the day after Gorman and Murphy escaped. Winnie was hovering invisibly in the cafeteria as Maddy and Audrey were eating their breakfast. Maddy could chew and mind message at the same time, 
So they don't get punished?
Not yet. We know where they went and Lillian gave me authority to enter Hell and find them.
Can I come?
Don't you want to finish your camp?
The camp sucks. They stole Mom and Dad's money and the head coaching was horrible. Maureen was our pitcher coach and she was terrific but we haven't played a single game yet. I'd rather be on an operation.
Do the other girls hate the camp too?
Yeah. Nobody is trying in the drills. That's all we do.
What would it take to have the camp end on a good note?
Games.
Anything else?
"Hey, Audrey. What would it take for this camp to end on a good note?'
"Games."
"Anything else?"
"We should learn strategy for winning games. I've seen my dad do that."
"When he made the other team call two time-outs in one inning."
"Yeah. But what do university coaches do? If we're going to be coaches, we should know that."
"You want to be a coach?"
"After I'm a player, yeah. I'd like to see some of their old games against University of Arizona. I could see my sister play. She was so much older than me, I can't remember watching her play. We should go now. Everybody else is leaving."
Maddy, the first part of the operation won't have any battles. It will be boring for you. You can join us later. Introduce me to Maureen as Winnie, your older sister, before practice. There's two weeks left. That's enough time for this camp to end on a high note. 
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm pleased to meet you, Winnie. What brings you to Tempe?"
"I've heard a lot about you, Maureen. Can we talk where we can't be overheard?"
"We can talk in the bullpen."
"Lead on."
"Your sister is a great player. She and Audrey are heads and shoulders above the others."
"She does love her baseball."
...
"Here we are."
"Where are the bulls?"
"The bullpen is a place where pitchers warm up before they come into a game."
"I don't know much about baseball."
"What do you do, Winnie?"
"Good question. I should introduce myself properly. My newspaper name is Molly Moonblossom."
"I've heard of you."
"I'd appreciate it if you didn't disclose my real name. I have to work undercover a lot." 
"Investigative reporter, right?"
"Right. I've been working on a scandal here in Tempe and the people I've been chasing have run away. That will affect my sister and her teammates. Ambrose Murphy is one of the men who have run away from me."
"Somebody finally caught him."
"He won't be back here ever again."
"Good. The girls have had a terrible program so far."
"Who would I speak to if I wanted the university to appoint you to be the head coach?"
"You'd speak to me. I'm the senior most assistant coach. I've been designated to stand in for Coach Murphy if he misses a practice."
"He's going to miss some practices. I told you that I don't know much about baseball, but I do know this. Those girls haven't had a game yet. How can they learn baseball, if they don't play it?"
"A very good question. One, which Coach Murphy could not answer honestly. He claimed that he was trying to arrange games but the other teams always bailed on him. That was a lie. I know all of Arizona's high school and middle school girls baseball coaches. All of them are former university players. They could put together teams to play us. They'd love to do that."
"Will you take the job? Sounds like a match made in Heaven."
"How so?"
"You are a coach that knows how to get games and the girls are desperate for games." 
"We have two weeks. I can give them lots of games." 
"So, do that. Here's something else that I've heard that the girls would like." 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 23

The next day, Thursday.
Winnie was having a meeting in her castle. With her were Cassie, Paula, Meghan, and Karita. Shields was attending as a guest. Winnie figured that when Lillian asked her what she had thought about Shields, that was a hint that she should involve her more. 
"For the benefit of Shields and Meghan, here's why we are meeting. We pursued two mortals that were living in Arizona and behaving very much like devils. The one named Murphy had persuaded twelve families to send their 13-year old daughters to a baseball camp." 
"I've had a long debrief with Maddy. According to her, he had charged the parents about $10,000 per girl for fictional expenses. For these families that's a lot of money. These actions are borderline criminal and would not normally draw our attention. What does draw our attention is that he enabled his apparent partner, Neil Gorman, to take secret pictures of the girls undressing and lying on a fictional scanner. This partner has those pictures somewhere along with pictures of the girls on a previous team, we believe. He could do many things with those pictures that could ruin the lives of those girls."
"In addition, his partner used drugs plus hypnosis to convince a 13-year old girl to perform a strip tease in front of his cameras and, also, to try to murder two girls that had discovered his secret. But what is really alarming is that these two men escaped our pursuit by entering a PUS station. We could not follow."
"You're sure they were mortals, Winnie?"
"Yes, Meghan. We're sure."
"No mortals can get through the border. The defenses would kill them immediately. It means they aren't mortals. That means they are devils without a smell."
"That's a real possibility," Winnie said. "It could mean that Hell has worked out a way to suppress the odor. We haven't seen that with other devils so it's possible that they are testing the suppressant and will establish it system wide when the test is over."
"You're not sure though," Shields entered the discussion. "Why? It seems like that's a reasonable assumption."
"Lillian gave me another explanation. You know that I'm mortal. We have other mortals that are helping Heaven in various ways. Karita, for example, works for us. Since we're mortals, we have no cinnamon odor. Heaven thinks of us as subcontractors."
"So if Heaven can do that, why wouldn't Hell be able to do it too?" Shields with the conclusion. 
"Exactly. Our mission is to find out what Hell is doing with these two men."
"And what do we do when we find out?" Paula asked.
"That will depend on what we find. Any questions on what we have to do?"
"I have a question."
"Shields?"
"Can I speak with you privately?"
"Guys, let's take a short break." 
 # # # # # # # #
"What's up?"
"I'd be interested in joining your team, but I don't think I can make a long term commitment. I want to captain the 98 and that will consume a lot of my time."
"How about joining us for just this operation?"
"I'd like that."
"Done."
"Did you ever identify the devil that you killed in the church?"
"No. I had the DNA scale and that should have enough. He wasn't in Hell's records."
"Is that strange?"
"Yes, very."
"Any ideas why?"
"None. Do you have any explanation why he would be on Earth in a devil's body but not in their records."
"No. Beat's me." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Shields will be with us full time for this operation as a guest. We have a number of possible approaches. The most obvious is to use Meghan's custodian souls to find out if there's a sulfur depressant being developed. What do you think, Meghan?"
"I would have heard already. This would have been top of the list when my guys reported. I can ask them to broaden their search to other parts of the hornocracy but that will be risky. If Hell finds one custodian asking questions that he has no right to ask, that will risk them all. Besides, the hornocracy doesn't know that Hell has custodians. We don't want them to find out."
"I agree. Let's forget that option. This does tell us however, that if something is going on, it's not part of the mainstream hornocracy. Here's a second approach. Cassie and Paula can enter and leave Hell without fear of being discovered. We wait for one of these two men to return to Earth, chase them back to Hell, and Cassie or Paula will follow. That will tell us how they are getting through the borders and where they are afterliving. There's an obvious flaw in this approach. Who's got it?"
"We don't know where or when they will reappear and we have no way to motivate them to do that."
"Cassie is not just an invisible pretty face. She's right. This could help us later, but we need to bring them out of Hell some other way first. Does anybody have any ideas?"
[Long story short, no.]
"That leaves us with one approach and it's time consuming and it may end up as wasted time. It won't be exciting work. And it means that we have to make an assumption that might be wrong."
"The end will be exciting," Paula said. "Come on, Winnie. Give." 
"Karita and I heard a short conversation between Gorman and Louella a few hours before Gorman fled. Louella said that she wanted to strip to music. Gorman put her under hypnosis and said: You are going to live a fantasy of killing somebody INSTEAD. That means that as of that night, something caused Gorman to train her to be an assassin when he had no previous intentions of doing that. Obviously, what he learned was a major threat to the two of them, because they were not only planning to kill Maddy and Audrey, but they were planning to run away too. Maddy and Audrey did something to make themselves into a threat."
"I heard the instead. I didn't clue in on it." 
"Karita, neither did I. I spoke with Maddy this morning and asked her for the details of what she and Audrey had been doing about Gorman or Murphy. She said that they had been researching Gorman's costs and had found they were mostly fake. They talked to the Office of the Registrar about Murphy's credentials; they talked to the Facilities Department about the costs of using the small diamond; they talked to the middle school vice principal about costs of their schooling; they talked to the cafeteria about the costs of their food; and they talked to the lady that runs their residence. News of at least one of these approaches must have gotten back to Gorman or Murphy."
Karita jumped in quickly. "Maddy asked me to check one of Gorman's references that he gave to ASU to get his job. The guy was very enthusiastic about Gorman's skills as a professor and a coach. Maddy was hoping that he'd tell us that Gorman was a fraud. She was disappointed and never did anything else that I know of."
"That's what she told me today too. I can't think of anything else from the other contacts they made that would prompt a death sentence. Does anybody else see something?"
 [Short story short, no.]
"Murphy had to give references to get his job. Maddy had a list of those references and now I have that list. Six referees are listed. All say that they will provide a recommendation on request. Only one person was working in a university and that's the man that Maddy asked Karita to contact. That man told Karita that Murphy was a great coach and teacher, which could not be the truth. Murphy was not a good coach. We may assume that this referee is a co-conspirator at the very least. That makes him a devil."
"So, we pick him up and he tells us what we want to know."
"Meghan's solution might work. But what if he refuses to say anything? We can't torture people. If he answers but clearly lies, we can't do anything."
"That's what happened with the Nemeses," Cassie added. "We knew a guy was lying, but we had no legal proof and we couldn't do anything."
"So, if we can't find the truth on our only lead, our target will disappear after we question him, and if there are more devils like him, they'll disappear too. What's his name, Karita?"
"Jonas T. Thumberland and he works at Appalachian State University in Boone."
"Here's our approach to finding these non-smelling devils. We assume that no legitimate mortal person would give a favorable recommendation about Murphy. So, we check all of the names that Murphy gave as his reference on his application to join the ASU. If those people don't exist, that's good. Any name of a reference that does exist is a devil. All we have to do is find if the witness is living or not. That won't warn him."
"Next, we check on the application that Thumberland submitted to gain a position for himself with Appalachian State University. We can ignore any names on his list of references that were fabricated. Any remaining referees will be devils."
"Next, we check the application of the next devil that we know exists and look at his referees. Referees always give their job position and where they work, so we can find him to see if he exists. Any fabricated names are ignored. Any name that remains is a devil. I know that we're making some assumptions, but I think this is our only option." 
"They'll never see us coming," Shields said. "We're not talking to any of them. We're just checking application forms and then looking at the job they say they have to see if they exist. Beautiful."
"We're breaking into offices and checking filing cabinets for job applications, right?"
"Yes, Paula. For any application forms that have been filed electronically, I can hack in."
 # # # # # # # #
While Winnie was giving her team an overview of her strategy to catch non-smelling devils, Maureen was giving her team an overview of the coming week. They were sitting in the home team's dugout. 
"Coach Murphy is unavailable to coach for the last two weeks of our season. I have been assigned to be your head coach and I have some changes to announce. First, we have games scheduled for tonight, Friday night, Saturday night, and Sunday night here in the small diamond. All of the opponents are from Tempe middle schools. Three are U-13 and one is U-14. I expect that all of you can make evening games because you've been wandering around Tempe in the evening. Raise your hand if you can't make these games."
...
"Good. We'll have twelve girls at each game and we have four pitchers. Maddy and Audrey can fill in at other spots and have been practicing in those spots for weeks. They will fill in at catcher and shortstop when they aren't pitching. Louella and Pilar, you haven't been practicing in any other spot, so each of you will pitch half a game, every other game. You do not need to hold anything back. Go full out. All of you will wear Sun Devils uniforms for these games. Some of you will have to tuck them in a bit."
"I have revised our practice schedule. It was boring, boring, boring. I also know that you haven't been doing any schoolwork in the afternoons. I understand why you have stopped. I don't blame you. I would have stopped as well if I had been in your shoes. But, this is wasted time that we should use. We will continued to have morning practices, but we will not be focusing on fundamental skills. We will focus on defensive teamwork. From 1 pm to 4 pm, we will have film work. Questions? Maddy?"
"What's film work?"
"University teams record all of their games and submit the game film to the baseball commissioner's office. Other teams can ask for a copy of those game films. They use them to look for weaknesses that they can exploit. Every university team in the league scouts their opponents this way. You will spend the afternoons on Mondays to Thursdays looking at films of games and I will use those films to teach you how good teams play baseball. We will use the Sun Devils team room for these sessions."
"For this morning, you will start to learn how to play defense. You all are good at offense. But you haven't had any instruction in team defense. Hands up if you have ever been in a game where somebody on your team made a bad throw and the other team took advantage of that to advance a runner."
...
"All of you have. I'm not surprised. Bad throws happen all the time. Nobody is perfect. But you should not be losing games because somebody threw the ball over an infielder's head and the other team came in to score. This can happen if you don't play team defense. The sign of a good defense is when all members of the defense move when the ball is hit into the outfield. We don't have time to go very far on learning team defense, so we will start with the most basic team defense skills."
"I want you to take your positions on the field. Maddy and Audrey, take up your alternate position and share. Pilar and Louella, one of you is on the mound, the other is a base runner. Assistant coaches take up your positions."
...
"Here's the drill. I'll hit a ball down the left field line so that Left can't catch it. Pilar will run to first, turn the corner, and go to second. Left, you'll see Pilar running to second. Make the throw to second base."
...
"In university ball, that was only a single. Pilar made it into a double. Here's why. Left, go back to where you picked up the ball and throw it to second base again."
...
"Left has a good arm. But once you start playing real ball, the fields will be bigger. Did you notice how high in the air she had to throw the ball to get it into second base? That big arc meant the ball took a lot of time to come down. Pilar made it to second base easily because the throw took too long to get there. Assistant coaches take positions at left, short, and second. Maddy, be the base runner. And watch."
...
"I know that the coaches have better arms than you, but Maddy is our quickest base runner and she had barely turned at first base before the ball was at second base waiting for her. A good defense moves the ball a long distance by making two throws, not one. Each throw is a line-drive throw, not a looper. Watch again, but this time Audrey, you are Short. Do you know what to do?"
"Get into short left, catch it, turn and throw."
"Almost. When Left picks up the ball, wave your hands so that she can find you quickly. Also, position yourself so that you are in a direct line between Left and Second. Try it now."
...
"Good. Left, that's still too much arc. In this defense, Short is called the relay girl. She catches the ball and relays it into the base that you want to keep the runner from reaching. In this drill, it will always be to the second base. Hands please, who is the relay girl when the ball goes into right field? First?"
"Second is the relay girl?"
"Correct. If the ball goes into center field, Shortstop is the relay girl. Here are your positions for this drill: Third, play with Short at shortstop. First, play with Second at second Base. Infielders, you need to be able to play more than one position. Louella and Pilar, warm up in the bullpen with the catchers. For the rest of you, I'll be punching the ball into the outfield, but I'll you where it's going for now."
 # # # # # # # #
Later that afternoon, the film study went well. The girls saw for the first time what real baseball could be. Maureen would stop the film to show them a particularly good or bad relay. When they saw the perfectly straight line from the outfielder to the relay girl to the base, it was easier to understand. Plus these games always had suspense and examples of outstanding play. Maureen had picked them for that reason and would stop and replay the wonderful action. She showed one play in slow motion where the University of Arizona Wildcat's shortstop had to go deep and dive for the ball, roll over, and backhand flip the ball to the second base for the out. [That was my sister, Audrey whispered to Maddy.] The afternoon passed quickly. 
 # # # # # # # #
That evening, the Sun Devils defeated Connolly Middle School 7 to 3 behind the solid pitching of Pilar and Louella. Maddy led off and had three hits and one stolen base but did not score. Audrey started three double plays. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

By Saturday, Winnie's logical approach to finding and pursuing references had collided with reality and little bits of real were clogging the storm drains. 
The approach worked fine for those positions where the referee was endorsing an applicant's work experience or work qualifications. To do that, the referee would provide his own work position. That allowed the angels to find that referee and then investigate him. It didn't work when the referee was endorsing an applicant's character. There'd be no mention of where that referee worked. Without that, the angels couldn't investigate the referee. There seemed to be many more character references than work-related references but Winnie had never seen a job application before. What did she know? 
Winnie had called off the searches and went home for her Sunday visit. During the day, she would ask the person she was visiting this question: When a person applies for a job, how many job references should you include and how many character references should you include? For people that she wouldn't be seeing this Sunday, she mind messaged the same query. She had too many responses to analyze that weekend while she was there. She'd look closely at the results on Monday. 
Sunday dinner provided a nice surprise. Bean looked like she'd have an April baby. They had already moved into a new house and had set up a nursery in the second bedroom. As to Maddy's continuing residence in Billings, Bean said that they could create a basement bedroom for her, but Mac and Wolf wanted to talk to Maddy first. They'd do that in Arizona at the end of her baseball camp. 
 # # # # # # # #
"Maddy, hang on for a bit."
It was Sunday evening and the Sun Devils had hung on to a 1-0 lead against a U-14 team from Summit. This kind of game was much better than the blow out they had had Saturday against another U-13 team. Audrey had started the Sunday game and had allowed four hits but only one per inning. Maddy had pitched the last three innings. The team was on the way to the locker room, jubilant that they had defeated an older team. Maureen was sitting on a bench in the dug out and motioned Maddy to join her.
"You got a little competitive, didn't you?"
"I guess. We weren't going to score any more runs, so I had to shut them down." 
"Nine outs in a row, six of them by strike out. That's a perfect game."
"A three inning game. Besides, Audrey had set them up to expect her curve balls and palm balls. They weren't ready for heat. You did that on purpose, didn't you?"
"Bringing heat at the end of a game is always a good strategy if the heat is accurate. In your first at bats, did you show the bunt on purpose? I had given you the swing away signal."
"Yuh. I was up in the count and a bunt would have caught them flat-footed, but I just flashed it. So, for the next pitch, they gave me a high fastball inside thinking I was still planning to bunt. I was waiting for it."
"First homerun?"
"First in a stadium this big. I've been practicing hitting high inside pitches in the batting cage for a while. That's why I had the timing."
"And then the outfield backed off to the wall and you started with the bunts."
"Yeah. If I can reach base, I can usually get around the bases quickly if we can punch the ball out of the infield, but I couldn't against them."
"Do you know why?"
"Yuh, They were doing something called a cut off. Instead of two short throws, they threw once to a cut off who threatened to throw the ball if I kept going."
"Yes, that's a good defense. I don't have enough time to teach it to you. Do you ever think about what you're going to do with your life?"
"Sometimes."
"You should think about attending a university and being a baseball player. You upped your game to another level today and that's rare for somebody your age. I can give you a reference letter if you wanted one."
"You're not going to have this camp next year?"
"No. I've had my two seasons of being a coach. Now I have to do more classroom studies."
"I was looking forward to coming next year. Maybe I'll come to ASU when I'm older."
"You don't want to come to this school, Maddy. We're always dead last in the conference."
"But one of the coaches said that you were the conference's all star pitcher."
"Individual honors feel good, but baseball is a team sport. Last year, our team had four good committed players. You've seen them. The other players couldn't be counted on to even show up for practices. ASU is a party school, Maddy. Do you know what that means?"
 "No."
"It means a lot of students come here to get drunk and high. They miss a lot of classes. The don't turn in assignments. They cheat on tests if they even take them. The university pretends that it's doesn't happen, but it's obvious. That's the kind of person we get to fill up the team."
"Why did you come here?"
"I moved to Tempe in my grade 12 year. I didn't know about the school, but even if I l had, I didn't have the money to go to a university out of town."
"So, why don't you move now?"
"I still can't afford it, but even if I could, ASU would block me."
"How?"
"An athlete that wants to transfer schools has to have the permission of the home school. My coach will give me permission. He says that transferring is the best thing for me, but the university won't allow it. I already tried. They blocked me. They say that I'm too valuable. Whether I'm here or not, we'll still come dead last. I only won one game last year, Maddy. We have no bats, we have no defense. Don't come here, Maddy!"
"Where should I go?"
"University of Arizona has the best women's baseball in this region. Are you interested? I know the coach. He'd trust my judgment."
"I don't know. I'm sort of training to be an investigative reporter. It's very exciting. I like it a lot."
"Perhaps you could do both. You could be very good in baseball. You could be the first player to be able to pitch with either hand at a high level." 
"Coach Murphy said that was a bad idea."
"Murphy knew nothing about baseball. He didn't realize how a pitcher who could change hands in the middle of an at-bats could confuse a batter. Think of it: How would you like to be that batter?"
"Has any woman ever done that before?"
"Not that I know of."
"Any men?"
"Men can't even change hands to eat."
"Huh."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 25 

Back in Heaven on the Monday morning, Winnie looked at the job application data she had collected from her family on the weekend. Some had declined to answer because they had no experience, but others felt comfortable answering. The strong consensus was that an applicant should include three references. Sending more was a waste of time, because they wouldn't be contacted. For those three references, two of them should be job related and one should be a character reference. Now it was time to look at what the angels had uncovered when they tried to collect information on the devils who had submitted applications. 
First, she looked at Coach Murphy's file. The Thumberland guy was clearly a work related reference. But Murphy's file also included five character references that Maddy had correctly ignored. 
Next, she looked at Thumberland's file from Appalachia that the angels had extracted from a filing cabinet. It had one job related reference and five character references. 
Next, she looked at the one job related reference that Thumberland had submitted. Again, an angel had extracted that submission. It had one job related reference and five character references.
To be absolutely sure, she went one reference further. It had one job related reference and five character references.
The number of job references was too low and the number of character references was way too high, at least as far as Winnie could tell from her own short analysis. But, why did all of these references have five contacts? Not six. Not four. Not three. Five.
Winnie called the team back to the castle.
 # # # # # # # #
"So, we're going to focus on researching the character references," Winnie finished her analysis of the data. 
"It does seem very strange," Paula said. 
"Character references can be full of lies. You'd never know," Meghan said. "At Wal*Mart, we'd never even look at them." 
"Where to now, Winnie?" Paula asked.
"First, we continue to research backwards as far as we can. But we make a physical, alphabetic list of all of the character referees who agreed to provide a reference. Let's find out how big of a list we get."
"After that, we will check if they're mortal. A mortal birth certificate prompts Heaven to start a HEE records. I can hack that database once we have a full list. Those files will also give us a feel for how well these referees are behaving."
"How long do we research backwards?" Karita asked.
"These mortals are enabling odorless devils to work on Earth undercover. We continue until we run out of new names for the character referee list. We'll meet again after that." 
 # # # # # # # #
Monday and Tuesday morning practices continued to focus on team defense. This time, one runner was on a base. But this was after Maureen had held a team meeting in the dugout. 
"Games are a good way to find weaknesses. If you fix those weaknesses, you get better; if you don't fix them, the teams that are fixing their weaknesses will run away from you. You had a game on Sunday where your weakness was evident. Who knows what it was?"
...
"We were younger than them?"
"True, but that's not a weakness you could fix. I'm looking for a baseball weakness."
"We couldn't hit," Maddy offered. "Their pitchers were faster than what we had seen before. And their breaking balls were sharper."
"True. How do you fix that?"
[Maddy and Audrey knew, but they remained silent. Both of them were already fixing this.]
"I have noticed that when you are in the batting cages, you are crushing the ball. It looks impressive. It must feel good too. What's wrong with always crushing the ball in the cage?"
....
"What's wrong is that you are not challenging yourself. When you practice against a machine that is set to give you slow pitches, when you face a fast pitcher, you'll always be behind the pitch. You know what happens then. You foul a lot or you strike out. How many strikeouts did that team have against us?
"Ten," Audrey said.
"Plus four foul pop-ups. Setting the mechanical pitcher is your responsibility. You'll face another U-14 team this coming Sunday. Now you know what to do when you work in the batting cage this week. Always try to use a game to find your personal weaknesses as a player. You have the ability to correct those. Don't wait for a coach to tell you something that is obvious."
 # # # # # # # #
Tuesday night. Maddy waited until Audrey was asleep and snuck out. She met Winnie in the stadium at 11 pm.
"We think we have a way to find Murphy and Gorman. We know that they're in Hell. It'll take some time before we have a way to find them. I wanted to let you know that we're working on it, but you'll be back home before we can track them down."
"Can I still join the operation?"
"I'd like you to but I don't see how. We'll be in Hell for several days at least. Cowboy and Bean will notice that you're missing. You can't sneak out of their house for that long."
"It'll be like this camp and having Audrey around me all the time. I can't get away from home or school. I'll never have free time for myself. "
"Not for any appreciable amount. Bean is pregnant by the way. They have a new house and the second bedroom is a nursery. They may create another bedroom in the basement for you."
"I'll be babysitting whenever I have free time."
"They'll make sure that you can practice ball with Coach Lee."
"Baseball with that team will be boring. Coach Maureen says that good players always challenge themselves. She gave us a speech about that. The Billings team is just an ordinary team. I won't improve."
"I don't know sports, Maddy, but that sounds right to me."
"Am I going to be in Billings when I get home? Do Cowboy and Bean want me?"
"They want you. Of course, they want you. But they'll have a new baby and she or he will take most of their time and patience."
"I don't want to go back to being a cadet."
"I don't think that will happen."
"I'm too young to be a Valkyrie."
"True."
"I can't live with Karita and Reese in London. Karita and I shouldn't be together for too long at a time."
"True. Nary and Theo aren't in Toronto any more, so you can't go to school there. Granny and Doc aren't in Australia any more, so you can't go to school there."
"What are the chances of not having to go to school?"
"Zero."
"This is going to suck! I'm going live in the cadet camp and take online courses for the next five years! I won't be able to do anything on my own!"
"What would you like to happen after five years?"
"I want to go to the University of Arizona for baseball. Maureen says that she can get me onto their team. She said that I had a real future in the sport. But, if I can't play baseball during the next five years, there's no point in even thinking about attending U of A."
"You won't be good enough?" 
"No way. I need coaching. I need practice time. I'm losing everything, Winnie! I can't do any operations with you. I can't go to university and play baseball. What am I supposed to do?"
"Leave it with me, Maddy." 
 # # # # # # # #
Wednesday.
Winnie checked in with her team. They were finding lots of data but wouldn't have a full list of referees for days. She returned to Earth and gave herself a tour of the University of Arizona. She saw all the trophies, pennants and pictures of the women's baseball team when they had won conference championships. She wandered around the campus looking for bars and pubs. She saw none on campus, but there were plenty in Tucson itself. 
So, she wandered around Tucson some more and read the tourist brochures. Second biggest city in Arizona; it was a bike friendly city with wide bike-only lanes. U of A was close to downtown and to several nice neighborhoods nearby; summers were very hot, winters were moderate. Baseball was so important to the university that they had built a domed stadium with air conditioning. Both the men's team and the women's team shared that field. For the women, temporary outfield walls would adjust the stadium to women's baseball distances. She wandered Tucson's business area, looked around and returned to Heaven.
 # # # # # # # #
Thursday.
The Sun Devils were playing a U13 team from Osborn Middle School in Phoenix. The parents from Osborn had all congregated in the first base bleachers. Winnie sat on the third base side. She had brought her Baseball for Dummies handbook. She knew four players on the team. Pilar started the game and went four innings. By then, the Sun Devils had a 4 - 0 early lead. Louella ran into trouble with some errors from her shortstop and center field. Osborn closed to 4 - 2 with one inning to go. Audrey came in to play shortstop at that point and Maddy took center field. Osborn couldn't manufacture a run with Louella rediscovering her touch. 
At the end of the game, Maureen saw Winnie sitting alone in the bleachers and looking at her. She flashed ten fingers at her and then joined the girls in the locker room.
...
"What did you think of the game?"
"I'm learning baseball. I even have a book."
"Did you catch Coach Murphy yet?"
"Not yet, but we may know where he's hiding. It was good to see the girls enjoying their game."
"We had four good wins last week. Louella, the second pitcher, ran into trouble this game, but she rallied. She was running around with the wrong crowd for a while. I'm glad to see that she is back to her old self."
"Does a coach see and hear everything?"
"Pretty much. I knew when the whole team stopped doing schoolwork, but I wasn't going to say anything. I assume that Maddy has already told you everything."
"Yes. How about you tell me everything about Maddy? Think of me as being her mom. I was her actual mom for a while."
"You gave birth to Maddy when your were six years old?"
"We had too many hormones in the water where we lived." 
...
"She's that good?"
"She is. I'm not lying to you."
"I know you aren't. A reporter's instinct," Winnie added quickly. "Maddy tells me that she wants to go to U of A and you had offered to help her."
"I can get her into the tryouts. What happens then is up to her. There are always more girls trying out for the team than can make the team."
"It isn't a party school?"
"No."
"What does she have to do over the next five years to get into the program?"
.... 
"All of that can be difficult to find in Montana. Are there any baseball high schools she could attend?"
"Not that I know of. That's one of the reasons Murphy could attract players to his program. There's nothing available for parents who want to give their daughter a chance for an athletic career."
"My older brother played basketball at the University of Toronto. But he had the benefit of living in Toronto while he was in school. Would something like that be possible for Maddy?"
"Living in Tucson, yes. She'd have to find a family that lived in the catchment area of the school that she wanted to attend. That family would have to billet her. However, schools in Tucson do not have fantastic baseball programs. She'd be living in the Tucson area, but she wouldn't be receiving great coaching and she might not be getting proper parenting."
"Change of subject. I hear that you would like to move to Tucson."
"That won't happen. My university coach will release me, but one of the bigwigs in the university won't agree. He says that I'm too valuable."
"Here's a hypothetical question. If you personally were able to move to U of A next season, would you be able coach Maddy somehow? She thinks you're a great coach. She doesn't know that I am asking."
"Theoretically, and this would be a long shot, If I were there, I could get her access to the school's baseball machines. Maddy is very good at training on her own. I could set up goals, detail some training specifics and monitor her as part of my own training time. That's what we were doing here. I don't know about game experiences, and her own school issue is a big one. I can't help there. To be blunt, this is not a path you should pursue. I can't go to the U of A.
"Because of the bigwig?"
"Yes. I could go in spite of him, but I'd lose a year of eligibility and would not be able to play any games in my third year. I don't want to do that."
"We wouldn't ask you to do that."
"Doesn't matter. I can't afford to pay the U of A fees. I have a Tempe Grade 12 resident waiver here that reduces my fees. I won't get that in Tucson."
"Just out of curiosity, what's the bigwig's name?"
"Leonardo Santos. He's the Chair of the Board of Governors. He is very important."
"Change of subject."
"Sure, it is."
"I saw a picture when I dropped into U of A recently. It was a picture of one of their conference winning teams. I saw a young girl in the picture. She was kneeling in front of the team and was holding a bat. Why was she in the picture?"
"She would have been the team's batgirl. In games, the batgirl is responsible for giving the correct bat to a player when she steps out of the dugout. When that girl has batted, she retrieves the bat and puts it back properly in the dugout where the bats are stored. All teams carry their own bats and a portable storage unit to their away games. The batgirl wears a modified team uniform and travels with the team to all games."
"How old would that girl have been?"
"Minimum of 14 years old."
"Would you say that such a girl would receive good baseball game experiences from being a batgirl?"
 "Yes. I see where you're going, but you'd have to pull a lot of strings to get her that job and me into U of A."
"If I can, will you do it?"
"I won't take a handout. I'll help Maddy because I want to advance her career."
"I'll take that as a Yes. I may not be able to do this. Please don't say anything about our conversation to anybody else, not even to Maddy's mom. First, I have to get more answers. Preferably Yeses."

 Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 26

Friday morning. 
Winnie found U of A's athletic services building and wandered in. A receptionist asked if she could help.
"Does the U of A offer athletic scholarships?"
"No, we don't. You won't find too many universities that do. Where you thinking for yourself?"
"No. My sister is a good athlete but we don't have the money to pay the fees."
"Some of our teams will arrange for a player to work for the university and that can cover some of the cost, but they only have a few jobs like that. Your sister would have to stand out."
"What kind of jobs?"
"Working in the university's kitchen or cafeteria usually. Our sporting facilities need some grunt work too."
"Like?"
"Like watering the outdoor facilities, taking care of equipment, handing out towels, picking up uniforms and washing them. It's not exciting work, but it does provide spending money. Some teams have a training table."
"What's that?"
"A table in the cafeteria that is reserved for them. They get free food. What team would your sister be trying out for?"
"Baseball."
"She'd have to be very good. That team is hard to make. The baseball team has a training table."
"Who would assign the grunt work?"
"The coach of the team."
"When does baseball season start?"
"School starts officially in September. The women's baseball team's tryouts start the first week of August." 
"Thanks."
"You're welcome."
 # # # # # # # #
"What does Heaven get out of this?" Guinny asked Winnie.
"You'd get a fierce warrior."
"We don't have very many military battles these days. Fierce warriors aren't high on our list of needs."
"How many fierce women warriors does Heaven have?"
"Well, you."
"I'm a strategist who can defend herself. Is that it?"
"Shields." 
"Heaven has one fierce female warrior?"
"Yes, but we have other females in the military."
"Fierce enough to fight a devil with her bare hands and win."
"No. Only Shields can do that."
"I'm not sure I heard you properly. Out of the thousand and thousands of angels in Heaven, you have one fierce female warrior?"
"Yes."
"Just one?"
"Yes."
"And how many males would qualify as fierce warriors?"
"Call it three hundred."
"Let me check my math. Three hundred males versus one female. Males have three hundred times as many as females that could be considered fierce warriors. Am I right on this?"
"Well...."
"Think of it this way. You can double the number of fierce female warriors with this one request."
"I don't know."
"How can you not...?"
"You look very striking with the pink hue around your cheeks." 
"Ah, man. You wound me up deliberately."
"Got'cha. Lillian will be quite glad that you have to supervise a teenager. Will you handle all the arrangements?"
"Yes."
"Accommodations."
"Castle Camelot."
"Transportation to Earth?"
"Portals."
 # # # # # # # #
Friday. The Sun Devils were playing a U13 team from Madison Meadows Middle School from Phoenix. Audrey was the starting pitcher with Maddy behind the plate. By the fourth inning, the score was 11 - 0 with everybody contributing on offense. Maddy kept the other team off balance with Audrey's spins and the regular appearance of her fastball. The mercy rule came into effect in the fifth inning, meaning no runs would appear on the score sheet by any team. Maureen put their center fielder into the pitcher position and brought in the backup catcher. Maddy sat. 
Saturday, the Sun Devils played a U13 team from Ingleside Middle School in Phoenix. Again, the Sun Devils handled the Phoenix team easily. Pilar had a no hit game for 3 innings. Louella came in and struck out three. Audrey played shortstop for the first three innings; Maddy took over for her in the last four. Again, the mercy rule was in effect. Before the girls left the field after the last out, Maureen had a brief meeting with them. 
"These Phoenix teams haven't had many practices yet this season, so don't get swollen heads. Tomorrow, you'll play a U14 team from Deer Valley. They too haven't had many practices this year, but this team was the city champs last year in U13. Your team defense and your bats will be tested. Come ready to play hard. Maddy stick around for a bit."
 # # # # # # # #
"How'd you like to coach tomorrow?"
"Are you going to be away?"
"Let me rephrase that. You're already calling all the pitches, right?"
"Sure, coach. When I'm the catcher."
"Tomorrow, you can handling the line ups and subs too."
"I get to say who pitches and how long they stay?'
"Yup."
"The other positions too?"
"Those are pretty well set, but yes."
"Is a player allowed to do this?"
"No. You tell me what you want and I'll tell the ump."
"The girls will know. Will you get into trouble for this?"
"Nah."
"OK."
 # # # # # # # #
"Yes, Miss?"
"Could you tell me who's in charge of the university? Is it the president?"
"The president reports to a board of governors."
"And how often do they meet?"
"They meet in the morning of the fourth Friday of every month."
"Are the meetings public?"
"Yes." 
"Can the public ask questions?"
"Certainly."
"Thank you."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 27

Since this was the last day of Coach Murphy's program, a lot of families were sitting in the home team bleachers. The girls didn't have a chance to meet their families before the game since Maureen kept them in the locker room to focus them. "Wave at your families when you come out of the locker room. You'll have plenty of time to meet after the game. We will do our usual warm up. Audrey is the starting pitcher, Maddy is catcher."
 Both girls took a quick peak at the stands. Audrey's sister Tanya was sitting between Audrey's mom and dad and they were arm in arm. Mac and Wolf were next to them, and as Maddy watched, Winnie climbed the bleachers and sat next to Mac. Maddy turned away and started warming Audrey up.
"I didn't expect to see you here," Mac said to Winnie.
"I'm helping my security company set up a branch office in Tucson. I've talked a bit with Maddy while I've been down here and thought I'd watch the game." 
"What do you have to do in setting the office up?" Wolf asked.
"The usual. Ordering furniture and setting up computers. Pretty boring stuff."
You talked with Maddy?
I may have talked out of turn about Cowboy and Bean. I thought that she knew that they were expecting.
I thought she did too.
She's very worried about where she's going to live. She doesn't want to go back to the cadets.
That won't happen. 
She was telling me that her coach was high on her and was willing to help her get onto a good baseball team when she's old enough to go to university. She's very keen on that now. Just be prepared. She's very anxious.
What's the story on the branch office?
Typical expansion. They want me to manage it. I may agree. I'll be closer to Montana. 
Why Tucson?
We are a high security company and Tucson has the University of Arizona, which is a top-notch technical school. We may be using some of their facilities to go more high tech. I'm supposed to arrange that.
So, you'll be living in Tucson for a while?
I guess. My bosses don't tell me much.
What do they do for your accommodations?
I receive an allowance for renting whatever I want. They're good about that. I live like a queen. 
 # # # # # # # #
The game with Deer Valley was hard fought. Deer Valley players were a little rusty, but their pitcher was not. She was a strong rightie with the usual mixtures of curve balls. She also had a change up. Audrey's fastball was slow compared to the Deer Valley pitcher's, so Maddy didn't show it very often. The problem was, they had seen better curve balls too with their own pitcher. Audrey survived the first inning because of team defense. 
Maddy led off the bottom of the first by setting up on the right side of the plate and dribbling the ball down the left line. She reached first easily. 
"Sprinter!" the opposing coach called out. "Watch for the steal!"
Maddy took a conservative lead and studied the pitcher closely. She also studied the opposing catcher who was not protecting her signals. The Sun Devils couldn't punch the ball out of the infield, but Maddy did get to see the pitcher's full repertoire. 
As she geared up to start the second inning, Maddy murmured to Maureen. "Audrey may not last this inning. They got to her early. Plus, her family is here and she's super anxious about performing well in front of them. Get Pilar warmed up and put Audrey into shortstop if I have to pull her. There'll be less pressure on her at short and she should calm down." 
Maddy's warning proved to be accurate. Audrey got Deer Valley's first batter on a popup, but the second batter tripled to the left field fence. Maureen came to the mound to give Pilar a few more pitches in warm up. Then she took the ball from Audrey, motioned her to take shortstop, and had the shortstop sit on the bench. Maddy was waiting when Pilar jogged in. "Lots of fastballs this inning. Are you on target?"
"I was yesterday."
"We'll move the ball around."
Pilar struck out the next two batters. No damage done.
...
In the bottom of the second, the Sun Devils couldn't get on base. The Deer Valley pitcher had a good, but not overpowering fastball. Her breaking balls were great. She had a wicked change up that had the girls swinging early. 
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the third. Three up, three down. Fastballs the whole time. Those were Pilar's best pitch. She had some curve balls but she had accuracy issues with them sometimes. 
For the Sun Devils, the bottom of their line-up went down easily. The change-up was hard to lay off. 
Maddy had a quick confab with Maureen. "Pilar has pitched five innings over two days. She's slowing down. They'll be ready for her. I'll take the mound. Put Pilar on first base. Bring in the back up catcher for me and sit First."
"Can Pilar handle first?"
"She has the longest stretch on the team, plus her bat is better than First's. I worked with her and Louella early this morning. She can handle first. Put her into the bottom of the order if you can. We need help there."
"Will we be seeing Louella?"
"It'll depend on if I can go four innings before they start tagging me."
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the 4th. Since the top of Deer Valley's line up had seen lots of heat, Maddy came in with breaking pitches with surprise appearances of her fastballs. She even had a couple of Whops. Three up, three down.
In the bottom of the 4th, Maddy led off on the right side of the plate. She faked a bunt and earned a strike for that deception. But she had drawn the infield in, so she switched sides. The defense didn't know how to play her. Maddy was planning to lift the ball out of the infield, get on first, and see if this team had learned the cut-off defense. Or, with Audrey batting second, she could bunt Maddy to second. After that, all she'd need was a single out of the infield.
That strategy disappeared when the first pitch she saw was high and inside. Maddy stepped out of the batter's box as though she had been frightened. First comes the brush back and now she's going to look around. The pitcher turned to see where her outfielders were, took the wind up, and then pulled the string on a change up. Maddy knew it was coming and crushed the ball over the left field fence. The next three batters connected well with the ball, but all were fly balls. Maddy looked at Deer Valley's bullpen. Four innings were standard for pitchers, but there was no action yet. If this pitcher was going to go the whole game, she'd face the top of the Sun Devils' line up in the 7th inning. But for now, the Sun Devils had a one run game to defend. 
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the 5th. Once again, Maddy faced three batters who had seen Pilar's fastball. But they hadn't seen Maddy's breaking pitches. She also had something else to show them.
The first batter was their clean up hitter, a big beefy player with the heft to reach the fences. She swung hard on a fastball, low and just a bit inside. The palm ball got her too. Then Maddy put her glove on the mound, put the ball into her left hand and prepared her next offering. 
"TIME OUT," the opposing coach shrieked and asked for a huddle with the umps. Maureen just listened. The umps ruled that there was absolutely nothing wrong with a pitcher changing hands. The coach claimed a safety hazard since the pitcher wasn't wearing a glove. Turns out players on the field were required to have a glove but they weren't actually required to wear it. By this time, Ms. Beefy Clean-up Hitter had been listening to advice from an assistant coach on what to expect. Namely, anything. Maddy gave her a breaking ball that broke in an unexpected direction. One out. 
The fifth girl in the order saw a palm ball followed by a fastball delivered from the right side. Both were strikes. The third ball came from Maddy's left hand and the girl just waved at it. Two out. 
Same story for the sixth girl. Three up, three down. Maddy had delivered nine pitches. 
Bottom of the 5th. The Sun Devils' clean up hitter crushed a ball that would have been a home run if it had stayed fair. Again, she hit the second pitch solidly but short of the fences and it was easily caught. Batter #5 had a single to the left side. She advanced to second when the outfielder tried to get the ball to second on a long lofty throw. All the girls on the bench looked at Maureen who gave them two thumbs up. Batter #6 stopped in place so that Maddy could check that she was using the right bat. After a little murmur, Batter #6 bunted on the third pitch to advanced the runner to third and managed to place herself on first. Maureen flashed the steal sign on the fourth pitch and #6 made second easily.
 One out, two on base. The opposing coach signaled to the bullpen and a righty started to warm up. The current pitcher deliberately took a long time to walk the batter. 
One out, three on base. The righty had junk. The Sun Devil's seventh hitter hit into a double play. No runs. It was still 1 - 0 with two innings to go.
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the 6th. Maddy faced the bottom three in the batting order. Once again, she used the left hand to confuse. Three up, three down.
Bottom of the 6th. The Sun Devils had Pilar, Third, and Maddy due to bat. Maddy had a few words with Maureen and Third sat down. Louella took her place. Both Louella and Pilar had long arms, long legs, and power. The pitcher had breaking balls that were OK, but not against these girls. Pilar hit a home run. Louella doubled to center. Maddy had a squirter through the left side that kept Louella on second. Audrey drove both girls in with a long drive to right field. She had to stop on first and that's where she died. Three runs came in. Score was now 4 - 0. 
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the 7th. Maddy handed the ball to Louella and took third base. Louella's left hand was way too much for Deer Valley. They didn't know how to hit her, just as Maddy had expected. Three up, three down. Final score 4 - 0. 
Maddy had ensured that both Louella and Pilar played in the final game in front of their families even though they were not scheduled to play. Before you wonder if Maddy was becoming sentimental, this was a baseball decision. As Murphy/Gorman had said months ago, Maddy, Audrey, Louella, and Pillar were their best players. Maddy had all of them on the field in the final inning. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 28
 
"Are they still meeting?" Maddy asked Winnie. She was talking about her parents who were huddled with Maureen in the home team's dugout. The game was over; most of the girls and families had said their good-byes and were gone. Maddy and Winnie were lounging in the home team bleachers.
"Yeah. Is all your stuff packed?"
"A-huh. Thanks for giving me my online course bot back. Why did you want to look at it?"
"Mac and Wolf may suggest that you do online courses."
"Online courses suck."
"I know. Did you have a chance to say good bye to Maureen?"
"Yeah. I was in the line-up after Audrey's family. Audrey got all weepy. It was kind of embarrassing."
"I don't think I've ever seen a family hug each other for several hours continuously like that."
"Tanya hasn't been back to Billings since she left two years ago."
"Why not?"
"I don't know. I just know that they couldn't afford to send Audrey here without a lower price. Am I going to recover some of the money that the parents paid Murphy?"
"It will take a trip to Hell."
"I want to come."
"I want you to come."
"How will this U of A thing work out?"
"Let's find out if Mac and Wolf ask me first. All I could do was give them a reason to ask me. Volunteering to help raise you would be suspicious. I'm not exactly mother material."
"Here they come."
"If they ask why you want baseball so much, be completely honest. Don't hold back."
"OK."
"You might want to mention that Montana has zip for universities. You know because you looked it up."
"Thanks."
 # # # # # # # #
"Winnie, Wolf and I are completely stuck. We are in a lot of trouble and we don't know how to solve it without asking you for help."
"What kind of trouble?"
"Maddy, would you mind giving us a moment alone?"
"Mom, I'll be 14 in a couple of months. I should be here if you're going to talk about me. I'm an adult. I'm even taller than you."
"We don't want to put Winnie on the spot."
"Maddy, why don't you pack up your stuff and put it in Mac's plane. I don't mind talking with Mac and Wolf alone. Nobody's going to say anything bad about you."
"I just hope we can get this over with. I know I have to go back to the cadet camp. Mom, did you know that Montana has no universities?"
"Why would you know that?"
"Cause Maureen said I should go to university. I looked it up."
"We need a few minutes, Sweetie. That's all."
"I get to make my own decisions about my life!"
"You will."
....
"What's up, Mac? Why would she be looking up Montana universities?"
"The best thing that could happen to Maddy right now would be if she stayed here in Arizona. Maureen said that she could be a wonderful baseball player. Did you know that Maddy coached that last game?"
"I didn't know that."
"Maureen thinks that she can get her into the University of Arizona's baseball program after she graduates from high school," Wolf said. "Before she does that, Maureen thinks that she would want to give her some one-on-one coaching and Maddy has a chance of being part of the women's team as a 14-year old batgirl. It's a wonderful opportunity for her, but Mac and I can't move our whole family here."
"She needs to attend a school in Arizona, Winnie. She needs somebody to watch over her. We were wondering...."
"Me? Mac you know me. I'm not the mother type."
"She doesn't need much mothering, Winnie. She's works hard. She doesn't misbehave. She's a decent kid and she'll lose out big time if we can't get her out of Montana and into a good school."
"You thought that because I was opening up a branch office in Tucson, I might be able to supervise her?"
"Yes. Tucson is exactly where she has to be. It's a perfect solution. It would be the same situation as we had with Cowboy and Bean. You'd be her guardian with full legal power to make decisions on her upbringing."
"Huh. Let me think. Meanwhile, let's get Maddy back here. She needs to be part of this."
 # # # # # # # #
"Your mom and dad would like me to become your guardian and you would live with me in Tucson where you would be able to join the U of A's baseball program and work out with Maureen. I'm opening up a branch office in Tucson and they thought that I could arrange something for you."
"But?"
"But you and your parents will have to work out some problems. There are some things I just can't do for you. Perhaps we can find a solution together."
"Mom and Dad, will you agree that I can live in Tucson if we can solve the problems?"
"Yes, we will Maddy."
"First problem. I am opening up a new branch office. I will receive an apartment in Tucson as part of my job and you can stay there with me. This will mean that you have a Tucson address and that may help you to get into U of A later. It should also help you if you want to do the batgirl thing. It also means that you can work with Maureen if she is able to transfer schools."
"But?"
"I have other responsibilities that will take me away from Tucson. I can't be here all the time. When I'm away, you will have to come with me. I can't leave a 14-year old girl alone in Tucson for several months. I'll try to time my trips so that it won't interfere with your baseball season, but I can't make any promises. You have to come with me. Mac and Wolf, it will be completely safe. I may be working in our office in South Africa, for example, and we have excellent security. She'd be staying with me inside the company's building. I have a small apartment there. That leads to the big issue. Maddy, you won't be able to attend a Tucson school. That school will expect you to attend regularly."
"So, I'm toast then."
[Ask about online courses.]
"What about online courses?"
"They're terrible, Sweetie. We looked at the bot of courses that Winnie showed us. They were horrible!"
[Ask me about a tutor.]
 "What about a tutor, Winnie?"
"Huh. That could work. My company has an excellent support program for young parents. They have child care centers in each of our branch cities."
"Child care? I'm not a little kiddie."
"Ah, but they guarantee child support for members who need it. I bet that support could translate into a one-on-one tutor for teenagers. You could complete your schooling with a tutor in Tucson. One-on-one teaching is ideal. That means you don't have to register in a Tucson school. But it would also mean that you won't have the opportunity to make school friends."
"I don't mind. I'd have my baseball training and my travel with the U of A team. That and the tutoring would fill my day."
"You'll have to find a job so that you can pay for some of your upkeep," Wolf admonished.
"I can probably find her a job in our branch office so that she can do that. They're always looking for people that can do basic jobs, but we can't hire local people because of security concerns. Maddy would be considered a family member and they'd give her something to do. It wouldn't be exciting."
"But, what will you do when you have to leave town? Does she have to leave with you?"
"Not now, if she's going to have a Tucson tutor."
"The tutor will supervise her?"
"During the school hours, yes. Maureen will be working with her after school and into the evening. I'll supervise her the other hours at a distance. I'll fill the apartment with drones. If she sneezes, I'll know it." 
 # # # # # # # #
So, everything worked out. Wolf, Mac and Maddy left for Billings and then Montana so that Maddy could pack up all her stuff. She'd use Winnie's GSP to find her in Arizona. On Maddy's way home to Billings, she and Winnie had a private conversation.
What's actually happening?
You'll live with me in a private part of Heaven. I have plenty of room so you'll have lots space to be on your own. I have a lake where you can swim and a hockey arena where you can skate if that interests you. I have a heavy training regimen of my own and you can join me if you wish. While you're in Heaven, you'll be in your angel body and you can expect that you'll be able to work about twenty hours every day without being tired.
That's why I didn't need many of my clothes?
Right. If you're going to Earth, just think the clothes that you want to wear. You'll have your regular mortal body when you work on baseball on Earth. If I have an operation that needs you, you'll be able to take part in it.
As what?
As a warrior. Heaven will give you physical training that will increase your battle skills considerably. Heaven will also give you one-on-one tutoring in your course work. Don't expect this to be easy. Schools on Earth are designed to ensure that human vegetables will be able to pass the courses. You'll have specialists educating you. You may actually learn how to spell.
I can spell.
I looked at your course work. You can't spell. 
How will I get to my baseball coaching? 
You will have a portal in your room in Heaven that will take you instantaneously to the apartment you and I will have in Tucson. Just say 'Tucson' and you'll be there. We'll find a real apartment that is reasonably close to the university so that you can walk to the training center. Wear your sling for protection. William will ensure that your sling's GPS always reads Tucson.
Coming back?
Return to the Tucson apartment and say 'Castle Camelot' and you'll be home. 
I'm staying in a castle during the day?
Yuh. My part of the castle will be on the third floor. That part of the castle is off limits. I may be entertaining.
What's that mean?
I have a boyfriend who stays over night.
Winnie! How come you can have sex and live in a castle? What do you do in Heaven that give you privileges like that?
I'm the head gardener. Tell anybody back home about my friend and you'll be weeding for life.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 29 

It's the end of March, and now that the baseball season is over, we can turn our collective eye to Melissa's Operation CA CO. Here's a reminder of what had happened before we went all sporty. 
Using money from Salt Lake City's temple, the Wilizy had purchased the twenty best farms in California. The former owners became the farms' managers. White pickers were transported from Tijuana to the farms by distinctive transport copters in white and green colors. These pickers were organized in shifts. They'd stay at their farm for two weeks, and then another shift would come in. This was done so that they would not have to pay any taxes to California.
The logo on the transport copters identified them as belonging to an entity named CA CO. The picked crops were transported back to Tijuana where they were delivered to customers. California was not one of those customers. 
A committee consisting of Granny, Momaka, Wanda, and Marie was charged with fermenting trouble. They did this by having the cadets, along with the Mexican biker gang, ride their hogs around California, chalking protest signs and trying to organize protest rallies. They wore black garb that hid their skin color. 
 # # # # # # # #
Now, here's what happened in March while we were in baseball heaven. 
Big signs appeared at each of the twenty farms identifying them as members of the California Cooperative. A tag line under that announcement said: A farm owned by whites. Now you know what the CO stood for in CA CO. In a cooperative, all of the workers in that business receive a share of any profits that the cooperative makes. In the case of CA CO, that meant that the pickers were owners just like all of the whites back in Tijuana who were working in other co-op jobs. Californians saw owned by whites and saw red. While this period of redness persisted, black dressed figures on black hogs served effectively as violence deterrents.
The need for protection disappeared immediately after large signs appeared at the CA Co farms announcing: TEMPORARY BROWN PICKERS WANTED: APPLY WITHIN. No brown Californian would ever think of working next to whites. They wouldn't want to be seen anywhere near that farm, so no protection for the pickers was needed. 
Remember that the Co-op only owned twenty farms. The other farms in California continued to be owned by brown-skinned Californians. The owner of those farms put up signs too. TEMPORARY BROWN PICKERS WANTED: APPLY WITHIN. No brown Californian would ever think of picking crops. Those were white jobs. The crops from those farms rotted in the fields during March. 
You may wonder about the Valkyries and what their role was now in Melissa's Operation CA CO. The thirty Valkyries shed their black anonymous garb and appeared as businesswomen working for the CA CO organization. Ten of them worked in Tijuana as business advisors to the men and women who were assuming management of the new organization. Another ten Valkyries visited the farms and helped solve problems. Lack of equipment, for example, was common. More comfortable living accommodations was also a frequent request. 
The last ten Valkyries worked as emissaries to sell their crops outside of California. But first, they had tried to sell their crops to Governor Villa. They had appeared outside the governor's mansion with copters full of crops and big signs asking, Would you like to buy our crops? Governor Villa flatly refused to even talk with them.
That meant that Valkyries began to promote CA CO out of the state. This wasn't to just sell their crops. The co-op would need more pickers soon because Stu had visited each of the twenty farms that had been on the list of second best farms that had been identified earlier. The owners of these farms were either bankrupt or were in the We'll take any offer mode. Stu became busy in March. That meant that the Valkyries were also recruiting for pickers when they were out of state. A career as a picker would prove to be an answer for many Nevadans who were struggling to eke out an existence in a low population state with no business or industries to provide jobs.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

Thursday, April 1. Winnie's team was back in the castle's boardroom. She started with an introduction. "This is Maddy, my sister. She's Karita's sister too. Maddy is staying in the castle with me and will be a full member of our team. I think most of you know Karita. She's with the Nemeses team, as is Cassie." 
Then, it was down to business. "How many character referees did we find?"
"Fifty three," Paula answered. "We found fifteen presumed devils. The average character referee contributed five references."
"Any chance of a coincidence?" Winnie asked. 
"No," Paula asserted. "I know some statistics and these names didn't crop up by accident. These people served as a pool of referees that could assert that so-and-so was a wonderful person. If we were able to see the actual reference that they wrote, I suspect that each one of them would say the same thing for each of the devils they support. The chances of getting caught would be very small."
 "Now, we'll check to see if they are mortals. I'll look into that. Will somebody please bring Maddy up to speed on what we've done by tomorrow?"
"I'll do that," Paula offered. 
"We'll meet back here tomorrow at 10. For now, help yourself to goodies and introduce yourself to Maddy."
"Are we swimming?" Meghan asked. "We have some new members." [Karita hadn't been at the castle before and Maddy hadn't either.] 
"If you brought your suit," Winnie hinted. [Of course they had brought their suits; all they had to do was think them. Winnie hadn't had a chance to explain the routines of swimming in the lake to Maddy. She wasn't quite sure how to do that. She certainly remembered her own reticence to disrobe in public, so Today would be swimming suits only.]
 # # # # # # # #
On that same day, posters appeared outside the twenty ranches that had recently become California Co-operative farms. Opening soon. Another CA CO farm. Apply by signing up on the attached sheet. Identification of skin color is not necessary. 
 # # # # # # # #
Friday at 10: Winnie started the meeting exactly on time. 
"All fifty-three character referees are mortals. They have a birth certificate and an open HEE file. And yet, their HEE file has no reference to their hobby of supporting devils who are operating undisclosed on Earth."
 "Should we check Hell's records for these fifteen devils? We didn't have all the names before," Karita asked. 
"Doubtful value," Maddy answered. "All we have are mortal names which are their fictional cover names. Karita's question is a good reminder though. We only know that Ambrose Murphy and Neil Gorman were able to walk into Hell in mortal bodies. These thirteen other names are presumed devils. I don't know any way of identifying their devilian name. Does anybody have an idea?"
... 
"Do we have location information of these fifty-three mortals?"
"We have a lot of email addresses, and some street addresses, " Paula responded.
"I could hack into some computers but email addresses won't help us. Cassie and Paula, please break into the homes of the people who have physical addresses. Do this at night and be sure to enter the bedrooms. If somehow these mortals have hellish bodies, their bedrooms will reek. While you're there, look for information on these people. We're looking for anything that would explain why these mortals are supporting Hell. Call the team together when you have some answers. Goodies for all. Swimming, if you have suits. That's all everybody."
...
Maddy came up to Winnie while everybody was sampling the goodies.
"Maddy, did Paula explain what we're doing to find Murphy and Gorman?"
"Yeah. I didn't know that Paula was Lylah and Lohla's mom."
"They don't know that yet."
"Can you really hack computers?"
"Yes. That one of the things I had to know for an operation some years ago. It comes in handy."
"Why are you asking people if they have suits when all they have to do is think them?"
 "Well, the lake can be cold and..."
"Do you guys swim without any clothes on?"
"Well, yes. No man could see us except my friend who knows not to be in the castle when we're having a meeting. So, some of the team swim au naturel."
"What's that mean?"
"They swim without any clothes on."
"And you didn't want me to know?"
"I thought you might be uncomfortable with the idea. I was hesitant myself." 
"Are you saying that I'm too chicken to swim without a suit?"
"No, no. Using a swim suit in the lake is not being a chicken."
"You're saying that I'm a chicken. You think that I'm afraid to walk into the water without any clothes on!"
"Maddy, I'm not saying that."
"I'M NOT A CHICKEN!"
Well, that exchange prompted all the goody-eaters to look up.
"I'M GOING SWIMMING AU NATUREL," Maddy announced to the world inside and outside of the castle. 
At that, her clothes disappeared and Maddy stalked down to the lakeside in her skin and turned to exclaim to the angels who were watching her. "I'M NAKED! I AM NOT A CHICKEN!"
"Well, now you know how to motivate her," Paula said.
 # # # # # # # #
That same day, Granny's group decided to issue a warning throughout California along this theme. WE'RE GOING TO STARVE! WHAT IS VILLA DOING ABOUT THIS?
 # # # # # # # #
Cassie and Paula called the team back together much sooner than anybody had expected. They were meeting in the castle Saturday morning.
"Each of us took ten physical addresses," Cassie explained. "I went to two and stopped to mind message Paula. 
"I was finishing my second and was wondering about the third when I got Cassie's message. These people are definitely mortals."
"Why'd you stop?" Meghan asked.
"We found the commonality. Each of the four had an announcement attached prominently to the fridge, or a bulletin board, or the bathroom mirror. It identified them as members of something called SOAD."
"That announcement was to remind them that SOAD was having a one day convention on Wednesday, April 14 in the Drury Plaza Hotel, Cleveland. There'll be a keynote speaker and the usual support group meetings."
"I guess we know what we'll be doing on April 14. Does anybody have a time conflict?" 
...
"We'll go a day early so that I can plant some drones. Until then, relax and enjoy yourselves." 
"Has anybody ever played Tag Team Swimming?" Maddy asked.
"No," Cassie said. "What is it?"
"It's where teams of two swimmers each compete against other teams of two swimmers. You have to be in deep water. One girl on the team climbs onto the shoulders of her teammate. The two girls on the top wrestle each other and try to pull the other girl off the shoulders or push them into the water. The girls on the bottom are trying to tread water and wrestle the other bottom swimmer. I claim dibs playing with Shields."
"I choose Meghan," Karita chimed in. 
"Do you guys know how strong Cassie is? I take Cassie," Paula said.
"Winnie?"
"I'll watch."
"No watchers," Maddy ruled. "You have to sub onto a team that lost."
"Can we do dirty tricks?" Karita asked.
"Of course you can do dirty tricks," Maddy ruled. "That's the whole point. You can even do gang ups." 
"Everybody cut your nails short and tie up your hair," Cassie advised. "Winnie looks like a hair puller."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31

With more than a week of free time coming up before Cleveland beckoned, Karita was back in her ship's galley, which was moored over London. Reese was taking a break from studying and was with her.
"Winnie wanted me to check with you. Do you have time to come to the convention I told you about? She wants you to check some faces. The Nemeses may be getting some of these people for punishment."
"Sure. What'cha doing?"
 Karita held up the book she was holding so that Reese could read the title.
"Hypnotism for Dummies? Why are you reading that?"
"One of the guys we're chasing hypnotized a girl in Maddy's baseball camp and forced her to do some stuff she shouldn't have done. I thought that I'd learn more about how he did it. The process is quite ritualistic."
"Are you thinking of becoming a hypnotist?"
"No. I just want to know how it's done."
"A hypnotist can't force people to do something that deep down, they don't want to do."
"This guy could. He gave this girl a gun. She was planning to shoot Maddy and Audrey. Maddy stopped her before she could."
"That wasn't necessary. If the girl believed that murder was bad, she would have stopped before pulling the trigger. Maddy would have been fine." 
"Well, we'll never know."
"Hypnotism is a fake. You're wasting your time reading that book. Only weak people can be hypnotized."
"How do you know that? Are you an expert?"
"It's just obvious. Anybody who knows anything would realize that only ignorant people would believe in this."
"I take it that you can't be hypnotized."
"No. I wouldn't put myself in a situation where a guy was sitting in front of me and telling me to watch a swinging shiny thing while I was getting sleepy, sleepy, sleepy."
"Are you sure that you can't be hypnotized?"
"I'm sure."
"Wanna bet?"
 # # # # # # # # 
Back in California, Granny's people were setting up tables throughout the state with a big sign behind them saying HERE'S WHY CALIFORNIANS WILL STARVE. The table held stacks of a multi-page document that did the explaining. The basic points on the document were that (1) Villa had driven all of the pickers out of the state; (2) the CA CO people now owned the best farming land and were selling all of California's fruits and vegetables to customers outside the state; (3) Villa had refused to buy any CA CO fruits or vegetables; and (4) a trade agreement that she had signed was going to impoverish California forever. 
The argument that Californians would starve was accurate. They would. California had prospered because of their farms. Fully 75% of California's economy came from those farms. Not only did California produce enough fruit and vegetables to sell to Californians but the state had enough left over to sell, at higher prices, to other states. When farm owners of the state prospered, so did the government through taxes on the fruit and vegetables, on the farmer's profits, and on the income of the pickers. All of that prosperity was now gone. Nobody other than CA CO had functioning farms, which could not be taxed because of the agreement that Villa had signed. The pickers couldn't be taxed because of the same agreement. California's other businesses couldn't pick up the slack. The Californian economy was dying slowly, but relentlessly. 
The citizens of California truly would starve. Perhaps not this year, but next year for sure. And now CA CO was opening new farms that would grow and sell fruits and vegetables out of state. The smart Californians swallowed their pride and applied for jobs as pickers. Sadly, few picker positions were available. Desperate, they turned to the bankrupted farmland that was sitting empty. They had farmers who knew what to do. They didn't have people who would sow and pick. Brown Californians agreed to become pickers on land that couldn't produce much food. It was either pick like a white person, or watch your family starve. 
And now, the truth was coming out through a document that even Villa could understand. The document quoted paragraphs from the free trade agreement, which included a picture of her signature. The handouts couldn't be printed fast enough to satisfy the demand. Chalk signs began to appear on walls. OUR GOVERNOR IS AN IDIOT, one of them proclaimed. Protest rallies were gaining more attention.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 32

Several days later in London.
Karita had to concede defeat. She admitted that she couldn't hypnotize Reese. The loser of the bet had to clean out the ship's heads, which was a disgusting task if you thought about it. It wasn't so disgusting if you had the right equipment. First, you had to fly the ship to a remote place over water and open the barn door, so to speak. William had furnished each ship with a pressurized cleaner that took care of what remained after the cow had left the barn. There was some risk of spray blowback. Karita dealt with that by thinking on a hazmat suit, spraying the head, and then thinking that hazmat suit off. After that, she sailed the ship back to its mooring location. Since all the flying was done by the automatic pilot, she had plenty of time to read and think. She was now onto Hypnotism for Hypnotherapists. 
She had found that the most difficult part of hypnotism was in relaxing the victim. As Reese had said, you wouldn't get much hypnoticking done if the victim refused to look at a swinging shiny thing. But that relaxation could be achieved in other ways. First, maneuver the victim into a quiet, solitary spot, such as a massage treatment room. Get close to the victim; perhaps hold the person's face and get them to look at you. At that point, the victim and the hypnotherapist were joined together. 
Next came the routine that would drive the victim into a trance. Gorman had done that by talking about living a fantasy. He repeated the same words each session, which meant that the second and third times would go faster. Part of the trance involved the victim speaking, perhaps to acknowledge that he had heard him. But, it could be anything. For the hypnotist, the victim's talking meant that she was totally under control. 
The next step was to articulate clearly what the hypnoticketer wanted the victim to do. Be nice, wouldn't cut it. 
All of this was sandwiched between a special set of words that the victim would not normally hear. These words were the trigger, which turned the hypnotism process on and then turned it off at the end. The correct trigger was very important. For example, if your trigger was hypnotism sucks, your victim might hear those words in a party where the conversation was about hypnotism. Those two words could easily crop up in the conversation. As soon as they did, the victim would go into a trance. Everybody in the party would notice that. That would be a bad thing for the hypnotickedist. It would be an especially bad thing for the victim because he would blindly do whatever anybody said until the trigger words were repeated. 
Gorman had made up a word that nobody would likely say. Gazendogalapadus. Karita chose a trigger in a foreign language. By this time, the ship was hovering over London. Reese would be back to the ship soon. Karita hid the book. She didn't need to hear Reese bragging that he couldn't be hypnotized. 
 # # # # # # # # 
Back in California, the unexpected happened unexpectedly, as it usually did. Pilots of cargo transports began landing in public squares, putting up some signs and then opening the transport's back hatch. Some of the signs read: CALIFORNIA WHITES FORGIVE YOU FOR WHAT YOU DID TO US. WE DON'T FORGIVE PANCHA VILLA. Inside the transports? Free food. 
Other transports landed throughout the state. The transports from Utah had signs saying: UTAH FORGIVES THE CALIFORNIAN PEOPLE FOR TRYING TO BLOW UP OUR TEMPLE. WE DON'T FORGIVE PANCHA VILLA. They had free food in their transports too. 
Mexico had transports with free food too. Their signs said: CALIFORNIA ATTACKED MEXICO. WE FORGIVE THE CALIFORNIAN PEOPLE FOR DOING THAT. WE DON'T FORGIVE PANCHA VILLA. It was like this free food was coordinated or something.
All the states in the region offered free food with forgiveness signs. The exception was Nevada, which was mostly empty now. 
Californian browns were humiliated, but they lined up to take the food. The food was packed in cloth bags that said: IMPEACH VILLA!
[Impeachment is a legal process whereby an elected politician can be forced to resign early. In California, the impeachment process is begun by the state legislature - the House and the Senate. Both had to agree to the impeachment. Good luck with that. Pancha Villa's supporters controlled both of them.] 
 # # # # # # # # 
Friday in London. Reese was away at the university. Karita had picked her trigger words, she had her monologue ready, and she even knew what she would make her victim do. She just didn't have a victim. He was easier to find than she had expected. 
Karita's intention in learning to hypnotize was now more than curiosity. She'd use it as a skill to help with her Nemeses work. They had problems if the criminals refused to confess. Torture was not possible. Reese couldn't read truth quickly enough for it to work, and even if he could, no criminal would believe Reese could discern truths from lies. The solution, in Karita's mind, was to hypnotize criminals to make them confess in front of a camera. If the hypnotist prompted them to give details about their crimes, that should satisfy the justice prerequisites. It would be easy. Bob's your uncle, she thought. 
['Bob's your uncle' was an English saying that was meant to convey satisfaction for concluding a set of instructions and then reaching a satisfactory result. "Want to find the Tower of London? Turn left at the light, turn right at the next light, and Bob's your uncle." It worked great if your uncle was called Bob, Robert, Bobbie, Rob, Bobbin, Bobnweave, or variants thereof. It didn't work so well if your uncle's name was Mortimore. What I'm saying is, Karita may not have thought things through enough.]
[The most famous case of 'Bob's your uncle' not working occurred in the Wild West era when Sally Sawdust burst into a bar in Gunfight City and fired a couple of shots into the ceiling, thereby producing the sawdust after which she had been named. "Who's Bob my uncle," she shouted, guns at the ready. She added, "He done me wrong" which could mean just about anything. Everybody in the bar turned and pointed to the guy closest to the exit. He lit out with Sally Sawdust in hot pursuit. That didn't work out too well for him. His name was Mortimore but you probably had figured that out already.]
Karita was ready to test her plan. Criminals were easy to find if you knew where to look in London. She chose to avoid London's parliament building with all of its politicians. Finding crooked politicians would be like shooting fish in a barrel. Instead, she hung out near a pawnshop, which had a higher class of criminals. Burglars used pawnshops to sell what they had stolen and receive cash in exchange. It would be easy. 
[For those of you who know how fish could swim around inside a barrel, you may be wondering why shooting fish in a barrel would be considered easy. Perhaps, it would be easy because shooting into the barrel would create a bullet hole, and all the water would run out, and then the fish would be lying on the bottom and would be easy to shoot. There's a simpler interpretation. Before the days of refrigeration, fish were packed to the rim inside large barrels full of ice. As such, any shot into the barrel would be bound to hit at least one. Not to be critical of this expression from the early 1900s, but considering the cramped conditions, you could do just about anything to those fishies, and the saying would be true. Here's one saying that never became popular. 'It would be as easy as attaching popcorn to fish in a barrel.' Back to the pawnshop.]
The alley next to the pawnshop was deserted. Karita waited invisibly. She took mortal form when an obvious crook went inside the pawnshop. When he came out, she approached him and asked, "Would you like to go in the alley with me for a couple of minutes?"
That particular question could be misinterpreted. 
The robber's eyes lit up and he hustled her into the alley. As his hands began to explore, Karita clocked him one in his head. 
Huh, she thought. 
That blow had actually worked. The crook was dazed and vulnerable to suggestions. Karita went through her routine, told him what to do and how to do it, turned off the spell, and vaporized into the air. She followed as he went to the nearest cop shop, announced that he wanted to confess to all of his numerous robberies that went back ten years, and was taken into the back where the cells were. Karita stopped watching at that point. 
It had worked, but Karita would not be doing that again. There are some things that intrepid crime busters would not tolerate. For Karita, being groped was one of them. Back to the drawing board?
No, that was not necessary. Her blow to his temple had dazed him. That was the critical part of the routine. Couldn't she just walk up to a victim and clock him? Clocking him is akin to cold cocking him, which has nothing to do with chickens if you were wondering why an image of a chicken is on the book's cover. Clocking him would not work because he'd see it coming. That could raise alarms. [Narrator: Would that make it 'alarm clocking?'] Clocking would have to be a surprise like if he couldn't see her coming. 
Lots of pawnshops in London were reasonably close to deserted alleys. Karita's plan now was to pick the victim, accompany him invisibly as he walked away from the pawn store with the cash, punch him in the temple from invisibility, help him stagger into the alley, visibilize herself, grab his face, and begin her spiel. If he were beginning to recover too early, she'd clock him again. [Narrator: In that regard, she was like the alarm clock's snooze button.]
Karita had one last detail to iron out and that was the force of her punch. Too little and he might thrash around enough to find her invisible body. Too hard and he might pass out. She'd use her elbow instead of a fist. That would be much easier on the hands. 
That day, London's cop shops had an unusually large number of crooks confessing their life's story. 
 # # # # # # # # 
In California, all the free food transports and the Californian protestors had left the area around Government House. Both the House and the Senate had been meeting. Both houses had asked the pertinent government office to produce an official copy of the trade agreement with Colorado. They were not impressed with what they read. They had asked for the governor's aide that had represented California in the negotiations to appear in front of some committees. The governor refused to cough him up on the basis that he was too busy with government business to attend. Plus he was privy to secrets about the governor that she didn't want revealed. Snorting in her sleep, for example.
On Friday night, after all of the nosy politicians had de-camped, Pancha Villa's army marched over to the Congress building, entered, and nailed all the doors shut from the inside. All ten of them used an open window to squeeze out while the private in charge hammered that window shut. He then went to the front door and hammered a proclamation to the door. After that, the ten of them scurried back to protection, which in their case meant protection from the governor. She was bored and when she became bored, she got amorous. Poor old Zavier was wearing out and his whimpering was disconcerting to say the least. 
The proclamation proclaimed as follows:
On this day, Friday April 9, 2004, Governor Pancha Villa, has declared a statewide emergency. Under the powers granted to her by the state of emergency, Governor Villa has closed both houses of congress that have proven themselves to be inept in countering the attempts by whites to destroy the Californian economy. Martial law is now imposed statewide. The California army will enforce the laws of the constitution. Anybody who disobeys may be charged with the capital offense of being a traitor.
California demands that Colorado admit that this so-called trade treaty is a complete fabrication. Furthermore, they must agree to remove their army from Tijuana and their undercover spies from Californian farms that they have stolen. Any fake purchase agreements on that land are hereby declared null and void. That farmland now belongs to the brown farmer who owned it before. Failure to follow these instructions will result in many Californian deaths from starvation or imprisonment. The Great State of California will never give in to despots like Governor Stookenhap, a white supremacist, who is trying to take over this state and make it white. 
If you read that proclamation through politician eyes, you'll see that Pancha Villa has taken the entire population of California as hostages. Some Californians will die if Colorado doesn't cancel the trade treaty and return the farmland to Californian browns. Threatening to kill your own people if you don't get what you want is known as diplomacy-speak. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 33

Saturday.
Word of Villa's imposition of martial law spread quickly through Sacramento, although no soldiers were present on the streets enforcing it. Crowds began to form in front of the houses of congress and government house. Magically, they found signs of protest already on sticks and ready to wave. Only two message themes had been pre-made. One set proclaimed IMPEACH VILLA! The other said DOWN WITH SUPREMACY, UP WITH PROSPERITY. Other sticks and signs were pre-made but not messaged yet. It became a make a protest sign day. The most popular theme went like this: STUFF THIS UP YOUR PROCLAMATION, which I describe hesitantly, but there aren't any dirty words here so the censors will probably miss it. 
The crowds were full of brown and whites. The white pickers were there in all their whitenidity standing beside browns and mostly yelling obscenities at the governor's mansion. Interestingly, whites could be as obscene as browns, especially when they yelled in Spanish, which can be much more expressive than prudish English. The whites and browns started to compete to see who could vilify Villa the most. That was where the proclamation-stuffing message had come from. 
The crowd was in a rollicking good mood when five bull horns appeared magically and their owners demanded quiet. A big white man, with a barrel chest, climbed up to the top of the iron fence, balanced there, and blasted out a message to the mansion. Interestingly, he didn't need that bullhorn. "YOU CAN'T CLOSE CONGRESS. THE CONSTITUTION DOESN'T GIVE YOU THAT RIGHT. He waited for a minute and began a chant. "YOU CAN'T CLOSE CONGRESS. YOU CAN'T CLOSE CONGRESS. YOU CAN'T CLOSE CONGRESS."
Other bullhorns took up the chant. Soon the entire crowd was chanting the message. 
A man in a California army uniform appeared on the roof of the mansion. He carried two homemade semaphore sticks and began to spell out a message. Luckily, a lot of military people were in the crowd including young teenagers who could have been cadets. They had doffed their black clothes to show their whitedity. Fortunately, they knew semaphore language and proceeded to translate the flags into letters for the crowd.
L... E.....T....... A...... T..... C.....E........ S...... T ...... M..... O...... I
Unfortunately, these young teenagers couldn't read French.
A white woman climbed the fence and faced the crowd. She also had a booming voice. "IT'S FRENCH," she boomed. "VILLA IS SAYING THAT SHE IS THE GOVERNMENT."
"The barrel chested man climbed the fence again and added. SHE IS SAYING THE SHE CAN DO ANYTHING SHE WANTS TO AND WE CAN'T STOP HER."
[This is pretty close to what the expression means. 'L'état, c'est moi' was what French King Louis the 14th declared when some pesky starving peasants questioned his authority. With this short statement Louis was saying,' I have absolute power to do whatever I want,' and in France at that time, he did. In effect he said, 'I'm the king of the castle and you're the dirty rascal'. Later, this would become Louis XVI's famous pre-guillotine chant but he didn't live long enough to claim ownership of it. Later Elmer Fudd would come back from a shooting gig in France and declare that 'Bugs was a rascally Rabbit' thereby demonstrating how different cultures can learn about memorable sayings from each other.] 
The crowd responded to the semaphore translation with a two-word expression of disbelief in her absolute powers that was accompanied by a military salute of some kind. The words weren't in French but everybody, including Villa who was peeking through some drapes, understood the message and the salute. Cave men in Borneo in the 1500's would have understood it. 
While the two word chants and salutes had the crowd rollicking again, members of congress had gathered at the locked doors to the congress hall and were trying to get in. Somebody produced two axes and the wooden doors declared that they were abdicating their position as guardians of a bunch of big old stuffy rooms. 
It was left to the barrel chest guy and the booming gal to announce that Congress was now meeting. What followed was the fastest impeachment decision in history. But the crowd became restive when Villa didn't come out of her mansion like she was supposed to. Pulling Villa out of the mansion might be problematic since the entire Californian army must have been in there protecting her. They certainly weren't anywhere else. 
A black attack copter appeared fortuitously and landed in front of Government House. Barrel Guy and Boomer Gal climbed aboard and were followed by a dozen men who looked like they had had military experience. All of them were white. Imagine that. The whites were helping the browns free themselves from a tyrant. 
The attack copter hovered above the mansion roof. Ropes appeared and figures rappelling down those ropes also appeared. They were either masochistic PE gym teachers or military men. The crowd applauded. Then, they disappeared into the mansion. A few minutes later, the copter landed on the mansion's grass and a porky version of Pancha Villa emerged in restraints and was steered to the copter. She wasn't a particularly willing steer, so her guards placed her on the ground and rolled her to the copter. That went quite well. Apparently, when she was bored, Pancha devoured her lovers and food as well. Perhaps at the same time. This does lead to some visual imagery which may set the popularity of sex back a decade, so we'll move on. While Californians were starving, their governor was porking out. This did not endear her to the crowd. 
Before the copter fired up its engines, Barrel Guy announced that Pancha Villa would stand trial. Everybody should go home now. Martial law was over. That was a great relief to the Californian army who had climbed into empty beer barrels in the basement of the mansion to escape capture. Some of those barrels weren't empty at the time. It's fitting, I suppose, that the Villa experiment in hostage diplomacy would start with drunken army men and end with drunken army men. 
Pancha Villa did stand trial and was sentenced to be a guest of the Women's prison in Death Valley National Park. That's where she died. She had tried to steal some food from a tablemate's plate and ended up trying to eat the tablemate's knife instead, blade first. At least that's what the prisoners claimed. 
Congress acted quickly in declaring the death of California as brown supremacist state. In return, Colorado cancelled the free trade agreement. In the months that followed, the Valkyries continued to provide help where tensions flared. It would take time, but whites would became accepted more and more into Californian life. CA CO became a mixed color co-op. Some Californian residents left Tijuana and returned to the former homes in California. Tijuana became a thriving city that was open to Mexicans and Californians alike. 
Operation CA CO was a classic Wilizy operation where a lot of lives were changed dramatically. People at that time didn't recognize how skilled Melissa and Mac were in planning sneaky operations and executing them. That's somewhat the case here in novel #28. I confess that I haven't spent much time describing Melissa and Mac's roles in Operation CA CO. Such a description would have gone like this. 
And then Mac ordered five bullhorns. And then Mac decided who would be on the rescue copter. And then she coordinated with Utah to get food delivered on time. 
Such prose, while an accurate rendition of what was happening behind the scenes, does not make for exciting reading. But make no mistake, the Wilizy's operations did change people's lives and Melissa and Mac were the Wilizy who made that happen. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 34

The Drury Plaza Hotel Cleveland Downtown was a very old hotel in a shabby part of Cleveland. Actually, most of Cleveland was shabby, and stinky to boot. The smell came from the mudflats of Pond Erie, formerly known as Lake Erie before most of it evaporated during climate change. But the hotel did have a ballroom that could be used for convention purposes. And it had plenty of bedrooms. Winnie and Reese were checking the hotel out the day before the SOAD conference. Reese was using William's flashlight to search for snoop cameras before Winnie installed her own. 
"None" he said. "Do you still need me tomorrow?"
"Yeah. Just take a look at all the participants and tell me what colors you see. I think you'll be surprised."
"This place stinks."
It stinks so badly that nobody would notice a sulphur smell. 
 # # # # # # # # 
"A major infestation of mortals doing devil's work could be in Cleveland tomorrow," Winnie reported to Lillian.
"How many is a major infestation?"
"Possibly over fifty mortals, and we know that they are mortals by their lack of smell. We also know they are giving active help to devils, two of which were interacting with underage girls."
 "Why are you telling me this?"
"A keynote speaker is coming to the convention. That speaker might be a devil. If so, I want to follow him into Hell and find out more about him. Do I need your approval?"
"Who are you taking?"
"Meghan, Paula, and Cassie for sure. I want to take Shields but I don't know if she needs to have a release from the military." 
"Joe-Joe has just transferred Shields to your command for a temporary period. Are you planning to take out the mortals as well as the devils?"
"I don't know yet. I can't take out the devils in Hell. That would raise too many suspicions. I can take them out on Earth but getting them all together would be unlikely. That means I have to take them out one at a time, and that won't work for long. I don't even know what accusations I could use. What do your boards say?"
"Green for you. A bit of pink for Reese." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 35

"I know that you're anxious to start, so form your support groups. We'll meet back here for refreshments at 9:45."
The abrupt opening of the convention caught the angels by surprise. At the very least, they were waiting for somebody to tell the group to sit down. That hadn't happened. A lady in a white pant suit and red blouse simply strolled to microphone at the front of the room, tapped on it to make sure it was on, and made the announcement above. Now, scant seconds later, the ballroom was empty. The attendees had paired up and streamed out of the ballroom. 
Winnie: Did anybody think to follow them?
Paula: Cassie and I are in one of the elevators.
Meghan: I'm following a line of people climbing the stairs.
Winnie: Reese, did you read any colors?
Reese: I was waiting for them to sit down.
Winnie: The lady in white is returning to the sign up table outside. Karita and Maddy, you seem to be about the same age as these people. Pretend to be late to conference and ask to sign in. Find out what you can. The rest of us can wait.
 # # # # # # # # 
"Is this the location of the SOAD," Karita asked. "Are we early? I don't see anybody here yet."
"Everybody was keen to start. The support groups for the first session have already formed. Would you like to sign up?"
"Do we have to pay?" Maddy asked.
"No. The SOAD is covering everything. You don't have to give me your names if you don't want to. Most of our members don't."
"We'd rather not," Karita said.
"Perfectly fine. I have to stay at this table in case anybody else arrives late, but I am a registered counselor. I can help you. Why don't you sit down? I have two empty chairs. No waiting."
"We're just curious," Maddy said as she sat.
"Let me tell you what I can see already. You are identical twins. One of you appears older, but you aren't. You have automatically fallen into a conversational routine that you feel comfortable with. You, for example, are more comfortable speaking with people so you asked your question first. You asked next because sharing is very important to both of you. You probably don't realize what you have done, but it is perfectly understandable given your circumstance. Will you at least tell me your first names?"
"Maddy."
"Karita."
"Do you see what just happened? Maddy spoke first because she's competitive. Karita, you were comfortable in letting her do that because you just want to live in peace with her. Tell me, what happened to your mother?"
"Why?"
"Because what happened to your mother was the start of your problems. Did she commit suicide or was she killed?"
"She was killed," Karita said.
"By your father?"
"We never knew our father."
"Aah. The absent father syndrome. This is common. You do know about him though."
"Yes."
"Who killed your mother?"
"A person who was trained to do that. But the order came from our mother's uncle."
"Oh, my goodness. Your mother had to deal with her uncle and her husband?"
"Yes."
"Did they both abuse her?"
"We don't know much. We were very young when she died."
 "What happened to you is not your fault. You have to understand this. Any problems that you have, and I can sense some of them, are not your fault. You are completely innocent of all wrongdoing. SOAD can definitely help you. Do not despair. Many in our group think of suicide. Do you?"
"No. Maddy does like to beat on people."
"Perfectly understandable. You'll need to control that, Maddy. I can help you with that. And what's your biggest problem, Karita?" 
"She tries to control me," Maddy interjected.
"Maddy, do try to let your sister speak for herself. Karita?"
"Maddy has been a hog. I didn't do anything about that. I just hid away."
"Karita, that's perfectly understandable. What you went through with your mother was horrendous. Any person would want to forget that. Hiding away psychologically or physically is the way you were able to survive. What was it psychologically or physically?"
"Both, I guess."
"You've been angry with each other, haven't you?"
"Yes."
"You have a sort of truce right now, right?"
"Yes."
"However, things that one of you does irritates the other."
"Yes."
"Do both of you take after your mother?"
"We know that we look like her."
"You are both searching for a connection to your mother who was taken away from you so abruptly. The way to find your way to your mother is through your sister. Knowing her better is the only way that you can find your mother. The two of you carry her genes and her traits. You should not be jealous of each other. You should love your sister because she is so much like your mother who was brutally killed. If you think of it that way, you'll have no problems with each other. Knowing your sister better is the route to knowing your brave mother."
"Huh."
"Huh."
"The two of you actually are very close, you know. Would you like to hug each other?"
"I don't hug."
"Well, Maddy that's something that you and I can work on. We have conventions here every three months. As I said, there is no charge."
"What does SOAD stand for?"
"Spawn of a devil."
"You mean..."
"Yes. Everybody at the convention is a child of a mortal mom and a devil father. Each father raped a woman when he was on a holiday to Earth. Some of them conceived a child. Most of the children were flawed physically and /or psychologically. Devils and mortals are not good genetic matches. The devil left the mother to deal with his spawn. That's probably what happened to your mom although I wonder about the uncle. Always remember this: IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT. Everybody here is trying to cope with being a devil spawn." 
[Ask her if Hell knows.] 
"Does Hell know about us?"
"Certainly, Karita. SOAD members have certain duties to perform for Hell. We have no choice on that. But funds from those duties go towards these conventions and you will get better if you come regularly. You will find love here, at least physically."
"You have a pretty face," Karita said as they walked away.
"Thank you," the counselor said and waved goodbye. 
"Why'd you say that?" Maddy asked.
"Because it's true. She made us feel better. I wanted to do the same for her."
 # # # # # # # # 
Break time had come and gone. The support groups were back supporting each other. The angels had found a deserted meeting room and had taken physical bodies.
"What were they doing in their support groups?" Winnie asked.
"Having sex," Paula responded.
"Having lots and lots of sex," Meghan added. "And it wasn't very good sex."
"How do you know?" Shields teased.
"I know what bad sex looks like. I remember that much from my dear departed husband."
"They all had sex?"
"Some of them couldn't. Did you get a good look at them?"
"They looked sort of normal in their clothes," Reese said. 
"Underneath, most of the ones I saw were deformed or badly disfigured," Paula explained. "Their clothes were designed to hide."
"They have psychological problems too," Karita added. "The lady running the organization is a counselor. She's pretty good."
"How do you know that, Karita?" Cassie asked
"Karita and I pretended to be twins with problems. We invented all the problems. But she was nice."
"Maddy and Karita found out that this support group is for children of mortal women and devil rapists. SOAD stands for Spawn of a Devil. Reese, did you read their colors?"
 "Good colors on all of them. Very good colors on the counselor."
"They write the recommendation letters because they have no choice," Karita added. 
"Hell pays them for that. They'd probably never be able to work in a normal job themselves," Maddy said with surprising sensitivity. 
"What are we going to do, Winnie? These are just kids. Most of them look like teenagers." Shields with the question. 
"Whatever we do, we can't jeopardize what little quality of life these kids have," Winnie replied.
"I could teach them how to have better sex. I've seen a lot of it. That's one of the benefits of being a ghost."
CASSIE!
"So sue me for being curious. First, I'd need to have sex with somebody."
"Don't look at me," Reese said. '"I'm happily married."
"So far," Karita qualified.
 # # # # # # # # 
It's after lunch, which for most of the spawn had meant taking sandwiches up to the rooms. They were all seated in the auditorium now.
"I have a sad announcement to make," Counselor Lady said as she stood up and walked into the center of the room.
[She didn't look so huge and ungainly when she was sitting down.] 
[That's why I told her she had a pretty face. She doesn't like her big body. Do you see how she's slouching?]
Everybody became fully attentive as the counselor continued. 
"The sad news is not about the hotel rooms. We've paid for the night and you can stay until 10 am tomorrow. My bad news is this: I have to tell you that Xlkde was killed by heavenly forces. He was trying to provoke a war on Earth and he was caught in a holy temple. But I can tell you that he had sex with a mortal woman a whole lot. And she didn't become pregnant, so we can be thankful for that. Instead of belching and farting, perhaps we could just recognize his efforts to be a productive spawn by giving him a round of applause."
A round of applause followed, as did a revelation for Winnie about what Cooper Rivera was actually doing in California, and why he had been so inept at fighting a war. 
 "I am pleased now to introduce our guest speaker. As is our habit, this apprentice devil is a SOAD, but he had the talent to leave Earth and advance to the big leagues. His specialty was in influencing young girls to undress in front of his cameras. He has great ambitions for the girls who have fallen for his seemingly innocent exterior. When he's older, he will use the pictures of their naked bodies to control their lives. He has proven that they can be made into assassins as well as sex workers. Please welcome Vfgdlty, who goes by the name of Doctor Neil Gorman when he is on Earth."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 36

It's the next morning. Winnie's team was back in the castle. Paula and Cassie had followed Gorman to Hell when the convention ended and Paula was ready to report. 
"We followed Gorman to the Cleveland PUS station. He had no trouble boarding in his mortal form, although he did get some looks. Border control is done at SinSin-atti and he joined the line-up to the security gates. The guards pulled him out of the line before he reached the scanners and took him around the gates and into a locked room that had a machine that gave him a devil body. It took about five minutes."
"He didn't come out as a typical devil. He became a scaled lizard on two feet. No other animal body parts were included. He had nubs for horns and he was no more than half the height of an adult devil. Once he had his body, he went up a level and got on a PUS car to FeroCity, which is a small city out in the boonies."
"Gorman had no trouble walking through the city. Normally, devils would walk right through other pedestri-devils, but they didn't with him. He lived in a small complex of a dozen caves. He had his own cave that didn't consist of much. Eight other caves had occupants. Three were empty and showed no signs of recent occupancy. The other eight occupants did greet him and he didn't seem overly friendly with any of them. One of them was probably Murphy but we couldn't tell. They all had identical devil bodies. Tell them about the food, Cassie."
"They walked together to downtown FeroCity which wasn't much, but it did have a food court. They ate together but didn't really talk. They didn't pay for their food. Paula said that this was important."
Winnie interrupted. "Karita and Maddy, devils without a sincome would normally have healthy helpings of green bean soup for their meal and nothing more. A food court would be foreign territory for these nine as they are too young to be working in any of Hell's sindustries and so they can't pay for it. With that background, tell me why this is important."
"They're receiving special treatment," Karita observed.
"True. Why?"
"Because they are spawns of a devil?" Maddy asked.
"Yes. Their daddies are paying the bill. Nobody in Hell gets freebies. And the daddies are why they weren't jostled in FeroCity. Carry on, Paula."
"They walked back to their caves, turned on TVs, and settled down to watch the evening entertainment shows. Slap stick comedy mostly."
"Any porn?" Meghan asked.
"Not while we were there."
Meghan explained why she had asked. "Hell's entertainment options are dominated by porn. Some channels are devoted to porn in general; others offer a specific theme porn."
"These guys are pre-pubescent," Shields concluded.
"Which is why Gorman was doing crossword puzzles when Louella was stripping," Winnie added.
 "This changes your plan, doesn't it Winnie?" Paula asked. 
"What little plan I had."
"I don't understand," Maddy said.
Winnie explained. "These guys are children. They did what they were probably told to do by their daddies. They can't be tried by the Nemeses. They can't be found guilty of abusing underage mortal girls, for example. They are too young to know better."
"Gorman walks?" Maddy reacted.
"He doesn't die," Winnie corrected.
"I'm sure glad that I'm not you, Winnie." 
"I don't get it. What did you mean, Shields?" Maddy asked.
"Winnie has to decide what to do with these guys. Right now, she has the option of sending them to their room without supper or sitting them in a corner."
"She should ground them. That's what Mac always threatened me with."
"Hang on," Winnie essentially asked for quiet.
Everybody hung.
"Thanks, Maddy. You gave me an idea." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 37

It took several days before Winnie had turned her idea turned into a plan. Winnie explained to Lillian that she and her team were taking a two-day trip into Hell and why they were doing that. Each of these spawn-devils had been operating in Hell trying to be devils. Gorman took pictures of naked girls. The others would have done something similar. Robbery perhaps. Whatever it was, they'd have brought back something that would prove to Hell that they were devils. Winnie wanted to find that plunder, especially the pictures. Shields would provide a military presence and would ensure that they wouldn't be discovered. 
 Lillian nodded in approval and thanked her for letting her know.
"Are your boards still green?"
"Yes, for you and your team. I see Reese is not going."
"He's studying. Why?"
"He still has a pink tinge."
"What does that mean?"
"Whatever happens to him, it will not be in Hell and it won't be life threatening."
 # # # # # # # # 
Shields led Winnie, Paula, Meghan, Cassie, Karita, and Maddy into Hell via the grottos. All of them avoided detection easily in their shoulder demon bodies. They made the trip to FeroCity via PUS with a stop in SinSin-atti so that the new girls could experience the ambiance of the capitol city. Winnie wanted to arrive in FeroCity via PUS in the dead of night and they accomplished that quite easily.
Cassie led them to the complex of caves. Shields provided all of them of with infrared flash lights that would work well in murk down and they proceeded to search for Gorman's tapes of the baseball girls as well as any other plunder. They couldn't find the tapes. That goal was essential, so Winnie had them search again, each one of them taking a different area to search. 
This was frustrating. They should have been able to find the plunder. The caves were very Spartan. The explored all the nooks, crannies, and crevices both inside the caves and in the surrounding complex. Cassie suggested that they wait until one of the spawn was awake and then mind manipulate him into going to the hiding place. It had to be outside the complex. That idea wasn't going to work because the plan required a secret extraction of their plunder. 
Finally, Karita offered to try and get one of them to tell her where the stash was. I'm pretty good at getting people to talk to me. If I do it right, he'll think it's a dream.
There being no other choice, Winnie gave her the go ahead and Karita disappeared into one of the caves. She reappeared ten minutes later shaking her head. 
Karita: He mumbled something but I couldn't make it out. He didn't wake up, so we're still good. 
Winnie: Well, the hiding place has to be in the surrounding area. We'll fan out. 
Karita: Before we do that, I had to move him a bit. Maddy could you help me move him back? 
OK. 
 Maddy woke up inside the guy's cave to find Karita looking anxiously at her.
Are you alright?
What happened?
I didn't know that you were right behind me. I turned to look at the guy and my elbow caught you square in the temple. I caught you before you fell but you were dazed for a few seconds. Are you alright? Can you walk?
I'm OK. Do we still have to move the guy?
No, he rolled over on his own.
Winnie was giving the team instructions on what sector of the surrounding terrain to search when Maddy interrupted to say that she had an idea. Normally that declaration was reserved for Winnie to utter. Nevertheless, everybody paused and waited. 
Maddy: I was just thinking. If I were in a place that was full of rocks and boulders and if I had to hide something, I'd hide it under a boulder. A big one.
 Well, that was an idea worth pursuing and everybody fanned out. Maddy chose the right direction to fan to. She examined the ground around a big boulder with her flashlight.
Maddy: This boulder has been moved. I can see scratches on the rock below.
Karita: Wow. She's right. There are scratches. Should we roll it or lift it? 
Meghan: I can lift it.
Winnie: Looky, looky. Way to go Maddy!
Cassie: What's underneath, Maddy?
Maddy: Rucksacks. This one is full of money. .... This one has storage bots..... More money..... Gold coins ..... 
 # # # # # # # # 
Quiet on the set. Roll hornocratic camera. Action.
The curtain rose to reveal the scene of a small community of twelve caves. It was just after murk-up. The stage was empty.
[Cue Shields] 
 Off stage, a soundless explosion dislodged a giant boulder that tumbled and rumbled down a mountainside. It came to rest in a thunderous climax in a deserted valley nearby. The valley shook. 
[Cue Sleepyhead #1]
On the stage, a sleepy looking lizard stumbled out of its cave, scratching its scaly butt and looking around. It saw the dust in the distant sky. Then, it didn't see something that it should have seen. "WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WE'VE BEEN ROBBED!"
[Cue Sleepyheads #2-#9]
Eight sleepy looking lizards stumbled out of their caves and surrounded a large hole. Surrounding it was too late. The loot had been purloined. The stash had been pilfered. The booty had been filched. For you equestrians, the horse had left the barn.
[Cue transmission of thoughts of neighborly distrust.]
Nine not so sleepy lizards looked at each other and then rushed from cave to cave in the complex looking for the loot in the other lizards' caves. When the search proved to be fruitless, vegetable-less, and hamburger-less, they gathered around the loot-less hole in the ground and looked at each other more or less trusting-less. 
[Cue transmission of thoughts that the loot has to be here.]
"It would be too risky to take the loot out of here," Devil #4 voiced the thought that was going through eight other minds. 
"There's too much of it," Lizard #7 shared the thought that was going through eight other minds. 
[Indeed there had been a lot. Bulky things too, like silver teapots.]
[Cue transmission of thoughts that nobody else could have found it.]
"The stash was hidden too well for a stranger to find," Lizard #9 voiced the thought that was going through eight other minds.
"How would an outsider have even known that we were stealing things on Earth and bringing them here."
[Cue transmission of thoughts of conspiracy.]
"One of us couldn't move that boulder. We always needed two," Lizard #2 voiced the thought that was going through eight other minds.
"That means that you two stole my loot," each lizard said and pointed its claw at the two that, in their minds, were undeniably the guilty parties. 
[Cue transmission of thoughts of carnage.]
Devils, even prepubescent ones, are hardy creatures and not likely to be hurt in normal fights. But devils do like to gang up and play dirty. This was not so fortunate for those devils that were stuck at the bottom of the pile of hoof stomping and belly goring vigilantes. The ballet ended with the two devils who were still conscious banging each other against a cave wall and trying to crack his opponent's head open in the process.
[Cue curtain. Cue credits.]
[No invisible creatures were harmed in this production. Visible scaly creatures did suffer some injuries, however].
[Cut and print.]
[Transmit copy of the production to the Underworld SINquisitor. Title it: 'Who are these baby devils?']
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 38

The SINquisitor was a typical scandal sheet that had a large viewership. Winnie figured it wouldn't take long for somebody in the hornocracy to take action against the nine little lizards. Her solution was: Why should Heaven have to worry about what to do with them? Let Hell decide. They were the parents. That solution had been prompted by Maddy's mention of parents grounding misbehaving offspring. For the lizards, grounding would be the least of their worries. VIP devils whose errant spawn had run amuck in Hell would be an embarrassment that they could do without. Easiest solution? Do without the burden of prepubescent spawned devils.
So, Winnie hung around FeroCity to see what would happen to the spawn and asked Paula to take the rest of the team to Crumpetland. Perhaps they had some rides up by now. Meanwhile, she destroyed Gorman's pictures and appropriated the money that Murphy had taken from the basketball parents. Maddy had always wanted to return that money back to the parents. Karita had suggested that since Maddy had discovered the hiding place, some of the loot should go to what Maddy wanted. That seemed right to Winnie. Murphy's rucksack also had money from his previous team, which would be a nice sum for Maureen to receive as an athletic scholarship to the University of Arizona. She scattered the other rucksacks and their contents around the area. 
By this time, the SSS had taken the little lizards off to whatever fate awaited them. Winnie joined her team in Crumpetland, which did boast an immense slide into a distant green bean lake that everybody was enjoying in devilian bodies. She joined them and much later, they returned to Heaven. Winnie reported to Lillian that the operation was over and everybody had received their just desserts, which didn't include ice cream. 
 # # # # # # # # 
The fourth Friday of April was the day that Arizona State University would hold a pubic Board of Governors meeting. Winnie suggested to Maureen that she should submit another request to be allowed to attend University of Arizona. She still had her coach's letter of recommendation, so Maureen agreed to have a go at it. She was surprised to see Winnie and Maddy in the audience and sat down next to them. That made an audience of three in the meeting room. She didn't see Reese and Karita who were hiding just below the ceiling.
Winnie hadn't prepared much for this meeting, however she did have one question as the governors went through the meeting agenda.
Winnie: Reese, what are the colors of the three governors?
Reese: The guy is about as dark as you can get without being a devil. The two women's colors are good. But, they always seem to follow the guy's lead. They won't stand up to him.
Winnie: Let's give them a backbone. Maddy and I will take the female governor on our left; Reese and Karita will take the female governor on our right. Maureen deserves to be released. It's only fair. "Maureen, the agenda is over. Time to ask your question." 
The vote was 2 to 1 in favor of letting Maureen transfer to the U of Arizona. Maureen jumped up at the news and clapped. Maddy did too and before she knew it, Maureen was hugging her. Not hugging her back would have been rude considering all that Maureen had done for her. 
 # # # # # # # # 
As to other details...
Maureen's scholarship needed some arranging. First, Maureen had to apply for it. Then, somehow Winnie would have to change the cash to a cheque from a charitable organization. She didn't know how to arrange that. She hadn't see Guinny for a while and now that she was back in Heaven, it was time to resume her real job.
"Do you have enough to give Maureen a good scholarship?" Guinny asked. 
"No. She'll have to work too. I was planning to throw in some of my own money, but I don't have any." 
"You can't ask your parents because they think you are already in a paying job."
"Yeah. The university has jobs that they give to needy students. Maureen will probably qualify. I think she's been living on her own for a while."
"Heaven should give you a paying job. That way you can prove you have one if you need to."
"I don't need much."
"How will you pay for the apartment that you and Maddy are supposed to be living in?"
"I forgot about that."
 "Maddy will need money for living expenses and you don't want her asking Mac and Wolf."
"No, I guess."
"Maddy is a valued member of Heaven. We are training her while she is here; it seems obvious that we should cover her training costs on Earth. You'll take a salary. I'll need your banking information. Swiss Guard's Bank, I expect."
"Thank you."
Guinny continued. "Maureen is training Maddy so that she will be a much more skilled and committed athlete. That is something Heaven should be doing. I'll arrange a scholarship fund for Maureen for two years. She shouldn't be working on pity jobs. I'll give you the name of the organization and you can influence her to apply." 
"I wasn't expecting...."
"I know. I have a question for you."
"Shoot."
"The counselor in Cleveland."
"Yes."
"Mortal?"
"Definitely."
"She is counseling and organizing Hell's spawn and Hell is paying her to do that. Why would they do that?"
"I don't know."
"What if she were forcing Hell to give her funding?"
"How would she do that?"
"Good question. Why don't you find out?"
"I'll have to...."
Guinny felt an interruption was necessary. "Galahad is twelve hours out and is breaking all known speed laws to get here. Why don't you take a week off first?"
"Gotta go, the castle is a mess."
"I doubt that Galahad will be looking at the castle," Guinny said to an empty chair.

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 39: Epilog

"Do you ever think about that counselor and what she told us?" Karita asked Maddy.
It was the end of April and Maddy was visiting Karita in London so that she could tell her what she had been doing. That included news about Maureen applying for a full ride scholarship on a whim. She considered it a miracle that she had won. It was a miracle of a kind. 
Maureen had immediately registered for the fall semester and that meant she had access to the practice equipment. That meant that Maddy did too. That meant Winnie had to rent an apartment for show in Tucson. On weekends, Maddy stayed there instead of using the portal to the castle. Galahad was at the castle on weekends and Maddy didn't want to get in the way. Or accidentally see or hear anything for that matter. 
"I think about her, for sure," Maddy answered the question about the counselor. "We weren't devil spawn but we did lose our mom because Prince Wilhelm killed her."
"I wonder what the counselor would have said if we had told her that we were quadruples living inside one body."
"I think she was right about why I'm so aggressive. I hugged Maureen when the governors approved her request to transfer to the U of A. It kinda felt good."
"She was right about me hiding away. I do try to avoid confrontation. But I'm OK with that cause I know there's a reason for that. Did you ever wonder what our mom looked like? I don't mean in her gown. I saw those pictures of Queen Freya scattered all around the palace. I mean what she looked like when she was being a normal person."
"Mac took me back in time so that I could see her."
"I wouldn't mind doing that. I'd like to see her."
"That's easy. Doll yourself up and look in the mirror." 
"You gave me a compliment!"
"You're the spitting image of her. I'd like to look like you when I'm your age. This body isn't going anywhere fast."
"You'll grow. I'll wait for you."
"What do you mean?"
"I'll keep this body the way it is until you're 18. We'll be twins again."
"I'd like that. We'll make Reese identify who is who."
"Speaking of Reese, I have a deep dark secret." 
"Where is Reese?"
"In the hold, studying. Let's make sure he can't hear us."
OK.
I was researching hypnotism when we were preparing for the operation in Hell. The book was easy to understand and I thought that I might be able to do it. Reese made fun of me and said that he couldn't be hypnotized because he would always be on guard. I knew I could get him. So, we had a bet that I could do it. If I couldn't do it, I had to clean out the heads.
Did you do it?
He thinks that I couldn't hypnotize him, but I did. I pretended that he had won and I paid off the bet. But he owes me.
How did you hypnotize him when he was expecting it?
Hypnotizing requires a quiet place, where the victim is very relaxed, and will listen to your voice. Reese is very relaxed and somewhat drowsy when he's waking up. That's when I got him. 
Are you sure that he doesn't remember being hypnotized?
I'll show you. REESE, MADDY IS HERE. CAN YOU COME UP AND VISIT?
OK
...
"Hi, Maddy.
"Jag sa att jag kunde hypnotisera dig."
Reese stiffened.
"I'd like two hot chocolates."
"Yes, Queen Karita."
... 
Reese brought two cups of hot chocolate on a tray with napkins, offered them to Maddy first, and then to Karita. Karita held up her hand and Reese kissed it. "My Queen."
Karita smiled at him serenely, even regally. "You may take exercise now."
"Bucaw, bucaw, bucaw, bucaw, bucaw..."
"How long will he run wildly around the living room acting like a chicken?"
"Until I say the trigger word again. Reese, Jag sa att jag kunde hypnotisera dig."
...
"Thanks for the hot chocolate, Reese. 
"You're welcome. "
What's with the queen thing?
You and I are the daughters of Queen Freya. I could have become a queen. So could you.
No thanks. Was that Scandinavian you spoke?
Yes, it means 'I told you I could hypnotize you.' 
And why did you make him do the chicken act?
Think of it as Queen Karita's Revenge for not believing in me.

Back to the Table of Contents

Books in the Wilizy series

As of January 2021, the Wilizy series contained twenty-eight novels as listed below. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 





Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 

Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 

Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 
Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 


Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Back to the Table of Contents
About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents

