Rashnar
(A Kantura World Book 1)
Rashnar – Smashwords Edition
Published by Robert M. Yelverton at Smashwords
Cover Art by Robert M. Yelverton
Copyright 2011 by Robert M. Yelverton

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold. If you would like to share this book with another person, please do. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

To see more books by me please go to Smashwords at:
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/RMY



Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1 - Jack
Chapter 2 - Phillip
Chapter 3 - Tracy
Chapter 4 - Rashnar
Chapter 5 - The Journey Begins
Chapter 6 - Eastward Bound
Chapter 7 - Southerly Directions
Chapter - Rhind



Prologue:
Jack, Phillip, and Tracy. Three teens living in different parts of the US never having met or even know of each other's lives. Each with their own problems, challenges, and abilities. Soon they will be thrown together on a different realm. A realm where a troubled world under siege is called Kantura. The challenges they faced on their world are petty compared to the life and death challenges on Kantura. Can they learn to work together in time to save Kantura and in turn save their own world?
WARNING!!! This Book is a CLIFF HANGER!! It is written in the style of many book series. It will leave you hanging at a critical junction! But do not worry; I will not leave you hanging forever. Krae (book 2) is already in the works. Krae, coming around mid/end of July 2011, Krae will be priced at $2.99.

 

Chapter 1: Jack

** The Park **

"... your listening to WVLK in the little town of Mashborn, Florida. It is a balmy day hitting 76 degrees already..."
Sighing the young man pulled the earbuds out, abruptly cutting off the DJ that was about to go into the news on the Walkman he was wearing. Living in a small town all his life did not have many perks, unless you called knowing everyone a perk. He did love it; well it was more like a love/hate relationship. But one day he was going to escape the bonds of it small town life.
He carried his frame of about 5’ 8” well while jogging through the park. His sandy-blonde hair was cut to just above his shoulders and right above the ears. He was in training for the high schools cross-country team. He was stocky, muscular, and fast. He just wanted to keep training to give him that edge that could be the difference between a win, or settling for second place.
The park was a nice grassy area with little copses of trees here and there to provide shade for the walkers and the joggers. Under the trees sat tables with benches. Sitting at these were what Jack called to himself the “park dwellers”. They were mainly older men who loved to play chess, checkers, or just hang around and shoot the breeze. As long as the day was nice they would always be there. Along the jogging path were the benches that gave the joggers a chance for a breather, or for the casual walker a place to just sit and enjoy the day. 
“Hey Jack! Hold up a minute!” Another teen was calling toward the jogging young man. Charles was running to catch up to Jack. He was different from Jack as he was about 6’ 2” and what you could say as being on the thin side. His hair though was also a sandy-blonde but there the likeness ended. He wore his hair much longer than Jacks, parted in the middle it came down below the shoulders, almost long enough to put into a ponytail if he wanted to. Charles was the reason that Jack got all the extra training in that he could. At last years big event track meet it had been him to beat out Jack by less than five feet. Jack had to settle for second place. It was great that they went to the same high school so their team took first and second place, but that did not change the fact that he had been in second and not first. Jack slowed his pace to a walk and allowed Charles to catch up.
“I see that you are putting in more distance training than I am this year. Does it really bother you that much still?”
“Not really, I just want you to eat my dust this year,” Jack grinned at Charles. “I want to see the look on your face when you are huffing and puffing at the end when I haven’t even broken a sweat.”
“That will be the day when cows fly and birds moo,” Charles grinned back. “Hey, you going to the dance tonight?”
Laughingly Jack said, “Well you better prepare for the shock of a life time because this year the cows will be flying high and those birds will be mooing so loud that people had better have their ear plugs with them.”
“No way, not in a million years. But what about the dance? You coming or cowering at home?”
They had been walking down the path just joking around and gone a pretty good distance without them even realizing it. 
“Don’t worry your pretty little head off. I’ll be there, after all I can’t have you stealing all the girls now can I?” Jack looked off wistfully thinking about the dance, for earlier that week he had asked Julia to the dance and she had said yes. That was a shocker, since she was considered one of the best looking girls in the school. He could not wait.
“Well I got to take off and go now. Be very careful about those flying cows. After all, you just might get squished by one when they all come down. Just like I’m going to squash you like a bug this year too.” Charles said as he laughed and took off in the opposite direction and soon faded out of sight as he went sprinting around the bend.
Jack picked up his speed again and once again was jogging along one of the trails. He was thinking ahead to the race just knowing that the win would be his this year. He had worked way to hard for the win not to be his. What was weird though was that he was willing to let Charles take first in all the other meets leading up to the big one. But on the day of the big one he would kick in his jets with the after burners smoking. He smiled at the thought and continued on through the park. He finished up with his five-mile work out coming out of the final loop that meets back at the gate that marked the entrance to the park. 

** At Home **

Walking briskly he turned himself toward home. He slowly went from a brisk walk to a normal walking pace to finish up his cool down period. Walking did not take that long since it was only about a half mile to his home. That was another thing that he loved about where he lived since he had started doing cross country is that the park and his home were pretty close together. Turning up the driveway he went past his 1982 Nissan Pulsar. It was not much to look at with it’s dented front quarter panel and bad paint job, but it transported him around town and that was what mattered. Man how he had worked hard and saved to get it, but it was all his free and clear.
He had worked hard for the past few summers for his Dad. Go figure, a Blacksmith in this day and age. But he guessed as long as there were horses that needed to be shoed and tools that needed mending a Blacksmith would always be in demand. The outlying farms around the town gave his dad plenty of work. A really cool side job was that his dad was also a sword smith. His Dad was really good at making swords and had even sold a few that were commissioned in some movies. Heck, he even had a few nice pieces that he had done himself.
 The family was not rolling in cash, but it paid the bills and then a little extra. He could only imagine what it would be like to be rich and not have to do all that. Sighing he looked at the house. It was OK for a house. The white paint was flaking here and there. The roof didn't leak, so being rained on in the house was no worry. It had two bedrooms, one for him and one for his parents. The worse thing about the house was that there was only one bathroom. That could be a pain in the butt even if there was only the three of them. Going to his room he grabbed a clean pair of shorts and a tee shirt so he could take his shower. As he passed the kitchen he heard his mom humming a tune that he did not recognize. Poking his head in the kitchen he called out, "Hi Mom, dinner smells good. I hoped you cooked a lot because I'm pretty hungry. Just finished up my run and that burns a lot of calories that need replacing.”
“Well I hope you don’t mind macaroni and cheese with hot dogs cut up into them. I was running a little late today getting home from work so I had to just throw something together real fast. I knew you had that dance tonight but still wanted you to eat something before going.”
“Mom, right now I could eat anything, so even skunk cabbage would smell good.”
Laughing and wiping her mousy brown hair she gave Jack a smile. Then she turned her hazel eyes back to the pasta and stirred so the bottom would not burn. Cutting her eyes sideways she noticed Jack still standing there and grinning at her so she turned and made a shooing motion with her hands and said, "Hurry and take your shower so your dinner will not get cold before you eat it. Macaroni and cheese is awful when it gets cold."
“Yeah, yeah mom,” he said pretending to be grumpy at the thought of being hurried away from the kitchen. He was glad that his family got along and could have a great time together. He wondered if that would be true if they were rich. Probably not he thought. From what he saw on TV the rich were often so involved with themselves that they lived in separate worlds from each other. Each with their own things to do and hardly ever seeing each other. Stepping into the small bathroom he hopped into the shower. When he was finished with his shower he rubbed the mirror over the sink to clear off the fog. Grabbing his razor he shaved. Not that there was much to shave but he wanted to look his best for Julia tonight. Throwing on his tee shirt and shorts he headed for the kitchen. Mom had already set his plate at the kitchen table and was off in the living room listening to the five o’clock news. Plopping into a kitchen chair he wolfed down his food and took his dishes to the sink, washed them and put them in the dish drain to dry.
Walking into the living room he asked, “Where’s dad? Shouldn’t he be home by now?”
“Oh", his mother said. "He has to work late again. I never knew there could be such a call for a Blacksmith.” 
Jack said, “Well it certainly adds to the money it brings in." With that, he headed to the bedroom to get ready for the dance. He was going to take a little extra time gussying up so he would look extra nice for Julia.
His mom looked up from the news and looked him up and down with a scrutinizing look. Chuckling to herself she put in, “I think you should wear the deep blue dress that you have and maybe your gold dangling earrings to compliment your dress.”
“But mom don’t you think I should also wear my red high heeled spikes?” Jack gave her his best serious look.
“I don’t know Jackie, that may be going a little bit over board. You may want to save them for a better time. Just wear your black flats so it will be easier to dance the night away.”
Just then they heard a harrumphing sound from the doorway into the living room. There stood Jack's dad Mark looking in at the two of them. Looking at him you could really tell that Jack was his son; Jack was almost a carbon copy of his dad, just a shorter version. Deciding to play along he remarked,
"No, I think Jackie is right. The red high heeled spikes would look just stunning at the dance. That is if he doesn't fall and break his neck." 
With that everyone burst into laughter. His dad then tried to get a stern look on his face but just couldn't manage it. He broke into laughter again. “Oh, to come home to my…my…(snickering) my dear June and my loving daughter.
“Honey, I thought that you were pulling in some extra work tonight. How long have you been standing there anyway?”
“Long enough to be able to join in on this conversation,” he replied. Then added, “Jack I am going to need your help again this weekend. I am really snowed under and you are coming along great as an apprentice.” Mark looked at Jack and then at the clock. “Jack, you need to scoot if you are to get there on time.”
“Oh shoot! Your right! I do need to get going. I'll swing by the shop to help you after I finish my run Saturday morning.” He turned and made a mad dash for his bedroom. Since tonight was just a dance and not prom night he picked out a nice pair of jeans and a good looking shirt and threw them on. Grabbing his socks and tennis shoes and putting them on he was ready to go. Picking his keys off the dresser he headed for the front door.
“Night mom and dad,” he called to them as he was going through the door heading for his car.
“Be home by eleven." His dad said. Turning to June he remarked, "Why the school decided to have this dance on a school night is beyond me. When I was growing up they only had them on Friday nights.” Turning around briefly Jack replied, “Can’t I make it twelve”.
“Last I checked eleven meant eleven.”

** Disappointing Dance **

Sighing Jack opened his car door and got in. Turning the key the starter made its sound that it sometimes made. That lovely grinding sound he hated to hear. Man, I have to get that fixed one of these days he thought to himself. Turning the key again the engine caught and soon he was cruising down the road heading for the school where the dance should have already begun. At least the school started the dance earlier than Friday night dances so there was plenty of time to mingle and dance. He would have listened to the radio but that didn't work either. Once again Jack thought to himself. I have really got to get that fixed also. Pulling into the school lot he noticed a lot of cars already there. Oh well, better late than never.
“Jackie my boy, I see that you are fashionably late again. Just like you will be at the finish line,” Charles said who had been waiting in the doorway for Jack.
“Of course I am, you know you have to be to make an entrance. Is Julia here yet?”
“Yup, but I think that she was pulling your leg by telling you yes last week. She’s in there with her old boyfriend John. It looks like her and John are back together again for the billionth time. If they were any closer together dancing they would look like one person.”
Jacks jaw dropped open before he realized that it had. “Wouldn’t you know it? You’d think that she would have learned by now. All the guy does is mess around on her once he’s got her back. By tomorrow he’s going to be with Jill, Janey, Betty, or any one of them. Heck, maybe all of them at once.” He could never understand what she saw in the guy. He was never going to change. After all why would he if he knows that all he has to do is snap his fingers and there would be Julia by his side again.
Shrugging Charles said, “Oh well easy come easy go. Jack why did you even ask her? Do you enjoy setting yourself up like a stooge or something? You had to have known that this was coming. When a dance is here who else does he want at his side but Julia? Also who always comes running to his side? Julia.”
Being bummed out Jack did not really enjoy the dance no matter what Charles did and his other buddies did to try and cheer him up. He just could not drag himself out of the funk he was in. He was also dreading tomorrow at school because he knew that John would be giving it his best effort to make Jack feel even more miserable. Thank goodness it would be Friday. He decided to go ahead and leave the dance early so that John could not get an early start on him.

** Thats Life **

Jack used the back door to sneak into the house so his mom and dad would not ask any embarrassing questions about why he was home so early. Quietly he went into his bedroom and lay on his bed to read, and then he would sneak out the back door again and come in through the front door. Right at eleven that is what he did. Jack told them he was tired and went directly to his bedroom for the second time in one night. Then he got ready for bed and lay down and went into a troubled sleep. 
 “Something’s coming Jack, we need your help.” 
 With a bolt Jack sat up in his bed looking around he saw no one and laid back down thinking it was a dream. Nothing more woke him up that night. Sharply at six, his alarm clock went off waking him. Groggily he got dressed for school and went out to the kitchen to grab some breakfast.
“How was the dance last night? You went by so fast that we didn’t get a chance to ask you,” his mom asked?
“It was ok,” Jack replied and turned back to his bowl of cereal. His mom knew when not to ask any more questions so she left Jack alone. 
Jack finished his breakfast and left for school. He needed to get there early so he could finish his homework from the day before that didn't get done last night. Going to study hall he did that. By then it was about time for the bell to ring so he went on to his first period class. He went through the day mechanically taking notes when he should but not participating in answering any questions. During lunch Charles once again tried to raise Jacks spirits. But between the dance and being woke up by the voice last night (he was starting to believe that maybe he did hear something) he was out of luck. Finally Charles gave up and walked away allowing Jack to sit there, pick at his food and mope. Jack also ignored John’s constant ribbing at every chance he got. When the last bell finally rang, he was free to go home. 
Reaching the student parking lot he got in his car and started it with no problem this time. On his way home he suddenly decided to detour and go by the park. Maybe turning a few laps in would make him feel better. If nothing else he could put his mind in neutral while jogging and just forget everything for a while. It turned out that twice around the park did improve his outlook on life. It usually did. Also he got to looking forward to helping his dad tomorrow. He was going to do something that he was good at - putting the edges on a few swords and honing them. He was also going to try his hand at some decorative etching. He would also be checking them for balance by hand. Something that he was very good at. Feeling much better he hopped back in his car and headed for home.
When he walked through the front door his mom and dad cornered him immediately. He could tell by the look on their faces that he was not going to be able to wiggle out of this situation by simply going to his room. They meant to talk, and wanted him to talk with them. He was going to try to come up with some story but he knew that they would be able to see right through him. Sighing he stopped and looked at them.
“Alright, what’s been eating you the past couple of days?” his dad asked. 
Jack shrugged his shoulders and looking at them said, “I had a lousy time at the dance. The girl I had asked to go with me wound up with someone else. I was just bummed out for awhile.”
“That’s all there is to it, all this over a girl? Well I won’t give you one of my when I was your age speeches, but I really do know where you are coming from. Just believe me that you will live and get over it. More will come into your life. I never thought that I would meet anyone that could be serious about me. Then I met your mom.”
“Dad you don’t have to get all mushy with me. I do know that I will live, and that there will be other girls in my life. But this one just caught me off guard. Can I go to my room now? I am pretty tired and I would like to be fresh for my jogging in the morning.”
“Fine, go on then, I agree with your dad and you. You’ll live to fight another day.”
Everyone said their good nights and Jack went on to his room. In his room he closed his door and got ready for bed. Turning on his stereo, he thought at least this one works. He listened to one of the new female artists sing one of her songs to a great beat. Before he knew it he had fallen asleep. 
 “Jack, it’s coming and we desperately need your help!”
 Coming wide-awake and jumping out of bed he looked around. Once again he saw no one in his room. He walked over to the stereo and turned it off. There was no way that the voice had come out of it. That's not anything that a DJ would say and he knew of no songs that had those words in them. Scratching his head and wondering if he had been dreaming again he hopped back into bed. As he lay in bed he had the uneasy feeling that he had really heard the feminine sounding voice. Lying back and relaxing he had an odd feeling. Once again he fell into slumber. On Saturdays he usually woke about eight, but this time he slept to about nine. Waking, he went ahead and put on his jogging clothes. He grabbed a light breakfast and he decided today that he was going to pick up the training even more so he took two one-pound weights. One to hold in each hand as he jogged. Then he headed out the door to the park.

** Jack's Arrival **

When he reached the park he noticed that this was such a perfect day, there was more than the average amount of park dwellers at the tables. He was clipping along at a decent pace when suddenly there was a pain in his side just under his lower ribs. Great he thought, not even at the two-mile mark and already getting a stitch in my side. He pulled up short with his hand clasped at where it hurt. When he stopped the dizziness hit. Seeing black and gray spots dance before his eyes, he bent over hoping to stop the onslaught of the now nauseating feeling he was getting. Oh man he thought, I must have been pushing myself way to hard. He never saw the ground as it came up to meet him, and the park dwellers were all involved with what they were doing so none saw him fade into dimness, then to nothingness at all.
The first thing that he noticed when he opened his eyes was that he thought he must have rolled off the jogging path because he was lying in the grass. The next thought to hit him was that the city grounds keepers needed to do a better mowing job because the grass was getting pretty long in his little patch that he had landed on. He felt better, but a little sheepish and hoping that no one had seen him pass out like that. Pushing himself up to stand he bent over and brushed the grass from his pants and shirt. Looking up the landscaping around him was unfamiliar--- what the hell and no way!?!? In that little glance up shock and confusion tumbled right his way and rolled over him. Turning slowly in a complete circle he took in his new environment. No more jogging path, no more trees, no more benches, and where in the world were the park dwellers? Instead he saw soft rolling hills covered over with grass. In the distance there was what looked like a small lake with light shimmering off of its surface. The air smelled funny, and then he realized that the odor that was always present in the air at home was gone. Fresh country air must be what I am smelling he thought. The sky was a deep blue with a few wispy clouds high up, one like he had never seen before. Besides the confusion he began to feel threads of fear crawl up his spine. Also present with his feelings there came a certain awe of the beauty that surrounded him. Beginning to walk he tripped over something. Turning around still on his knees he saw that what had caused him to fall for the second time in one day. It was a sword that was in a leather sheath. The hilt of the sword was golden and what looked like fine leather wrapped around the middle section. On the upper end toward the blade that golden metal spiraled out to each side. At the butt it ended the same way but about half the size. Now ignoring his surroundings the temptation was too hard to fight. He stood with the sword in hand and slowly unsheathed it. With both hands gripping the hilt of the sword he pointed it skyward. The blade caught the late afternoon sunrays and shattered them into a million glinting pieces. It was hard for him to even look at the shining blade without being blinded by the light reflecting off of it. In amazement he looked from the sword to his surroundings once again. He lowered the sword and looked at the blade itself. It was gleaming silver in color with a look of superior craftsmanship. He did not know if even his dad could match it. Along the center inside of the blade there was writing that he could not read. The edges of the sword looked very, very sharp and he was not about to run his thumb along it to find out. Instead he bent and picked a single blade of grass. He held it just above the sword and let it fall. It fell to the ground in two pieces. It was very sharp indeed. Once again bending he picked up the sheath and noticed that it was kind of attached to what looked like a belt. This he put around his waist and re sheathed the sword. He had the odd feeling that it was meant for him. Still a little confused and a little scared he started off toward the shimmering water that he could see in the distance. 

Chapter 2: Phillip

** At the Dojo **

Phillip was concentrating on his form. He had dark hair, brown eyes, and skin the color of coffee with a hint of cream. His medium build carried on a five foot five inch frame was very deceptive looking. Precise movements with grace integrated in them came from many years of practice. Currently he was working on the white belt form of Taekwondo. It was simple to him but he believed in the total mastery of every move. Even the white belt section of the art could be improved upon each and every time it was done. From the white belt he moved on to the yellow belt form. It had a few more moves added into it with some new ones to take you from the white into the yellow belt. Feeling good he then proceeded to the orange belt form. With each belt even more moves were added upon. From the orange he went onto his blue, from the blue he achieved green. After green to purple. Purple before brown. Next came the red belt and for some reason this was his favorite work out section. With each kick, strike, and block being done with perfection of the exact positioning of the hands, feet, and body. The form flowed from step to step with grace and accuracy. He just loved the feeling of this part of the work out. Then he decided to go to the red/black series of moves. Afterwards he looked at the clock and was surprised at what time it was so he thought he would skip the entire black belt form. He really thought it would also be to late to go through the weapons forms. He had gone through all the forms that he did slowly for perfection. Balance was also what he was after. Working slowly he could achieve more balance training than moving through at the normal speed of the movements. His goal was to achieve the rank of Grand Master. It looked as if this could be his that was a goal. As he wound up his work out his instructor smiled at the amazing thing of what he had witnessed. The irony being that he had surpassed his instructor’s skill levels a long time ago. Phillip had to attend special classes out of his instructor’s dojo in order to improve upon his skills. He still stayed and trained there in order to help train those less of skill than him. He and his instructor Tim had become very good friends over a long period of time. When he had finally finished with white and all the way to red/black belt forms he came over and bowed to Tim with arms and hands at his sides, then again before leaving the practice floor. This showed respect of his art. 
“Excellently done Phillip, I am really glad that you choose to stay here in sunny California with me. You really are a big help around here and the kids just adore you. Also you helping me don’t hurt either.”
“Tim, you know that with out you I would have never had any interest in this. I would have still been a jerk with a know it all attitude when I really knew nothing at all. It is you that has done me the favor that I could never hope to repay.”
The older of the two turned to face the younger. “You know Phillip, I just wish that you would take a good hard look at yourself. You may just find that there is something to be proud of in yourself. You are always so humble to others and so helpful. It really pains me to watch you off the mat. You carry yourself like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders.”
“Well, at times it sure feels like it. I am struggling in school in order to keep my grades up. Even if I am not a kid anymore I still love the little stars that you give out for the grades. I just wish that I could do better. The C’s and a few B’s that I get is not going to be enough to get me into college, and there is no way that I can afford to pay my way. Well it is getting late and I have to get home. I am sorry to have troubled you.”
“Hey, it is no trouble at all. Any time, and I mean anytime that you feel the need to talk you can come to me. I will be there for you. You know that.”
Phillip looked up at Tim's face and saw real caring in it. More caring that he had ever even seen from his parents, “I know, and I will when things really start getting me down and it gets to hard to bear.”
Tim followed Phillip to the door and held the door open for him. Phillip had his gear in the bag and was carrying his Bo staff that he was using like a long wooden walking staff. He looked after him as Phillip turned the corner not knowing at that time it would be the last time he would set eyes on Phillip for a long, long time to come.

** Trouble at Home **

As Phillip approached his home he could hear the familiar voices. His mom and dad were having another row. Their voices raised in anger at each other. He realized that once again they were snookered to the gills. With a dejected sigh he sat down on the curb to wait until they had yelled themselves hoarse and passed out. He thought to himself that he could not discuss with anyone the problems that he had at home. Not even Tim. Neither of his parents had a proper education, they were also heavy drinkers and abusive. It would be far to embarrassing for him to do so. Living a life like this and often having to sit up late for hours was having a great impact on his grades at school. But he felt that no one would understand his type of problem so he kept it to himself and suffered alone. At times like this he felt that it was all his fault that his parents were like the way they were. If he had never been born he felt that his parents would have cared deeply about each other. Instead they had him. Often when he listened to them argue his name would come up again and again. They did not have enough money, they did not have enough food, and they did not have enough of anything. When he was born their lives had come to a halt. He felt that they blamed him for all their problems that they had. He would try his best to tune them out but to no avail. Sometimes the police would even show up because one of the people living around them would call in irritation. At these times he would fade back into the shadows until they were gone. On these nights there would sometimes be the smashing of dishes and other things being thrown. The police would always leave because his mom and dad would tell them that they were just having a few family problems and that they had now worked things out. The house would then go quiet because they had passed out. It was only then that he knew it was safe to go into the house, grab a snack, and if he was lucky, some sleep. Because of these disturbances, he would often fall asleep in classes causing him to miss class work, homework assignments, and notes that were placed on the blackboard. The school often sent notes home with him about these things or called his parents but they would always just say that they would take care of it. Their version of taking care of things was for his dad to beat on him and to call him an idiot among many others things. He could never raise a hand against his dad in anger because that would be disrespectful and wrong. So he just took the beatings. Phillip often felt that this type of attention was better than none at all. If Tim only knew why he did feel like the weight of the world was on his shoulders. But he did not think that even he would understand. Nobody would, so he just kept quite about his life and continue to feel lonely, discouraged, and sad. His only escape from all of this was at the dojo where he felt freed of the world and all it’s problems that it had to offer him. Tonight would be like any other night. This time, when he entered the house, he thought that they were asleep. However, he soon found out differently. He got caught as he entered the door.
“Where the hell have you been you little twerp,” his dad raged at him in a fury that he did not deserve.  
Phillip calmly replied that he had been with Tim at his Martial Arts class. Looking at the clock he saw that it was not even nine o’clock yet and his parents were all ready drunk and worked up into high gear. He felt dread knotting up in his stomach at what might come after a while.
Now his mom jumped in hoping to direct the attention away from her and using Phillip as a shield and a distraction. “Tim smem, that jerk is a bad influence on you! He is nothing but a washed up wanna be that couldn’t teach a jerk like you nothun. Your schoolwork shows us just how dumb you really are. I don’t know where you got your empty head from but there is nothing between those ears at all but air.”
Phillips dad roared with approval at what his mom had said. His mom was smiling, as she knew that her tactful maneuver had been a success. 
Phillip suddenly recoiled as his dad’s hand had come out and tried to strike him across his face. It was just a reaction that he had after many years of abuse. Even the kids at school would laugh at him when they would suddenly move and he would close his eyes and turn his head as if he felt a blow coming on. It was just an ingrained reflex that he had. Then they would relentlessly poke fun at him for doing so since they knew that he was taking classes in self-defense. Often he would wonder what good they were outside the dojang because he could never bring himself to strike back at them. 
Phillip's thoughts came back to the present time to late. Not fast enough to avoid his dads blow that came down on top of his head stunning him from the force of it.
“What a mother,” his dad yelled and pulled his fist back in pain. “I’ll teach you a lesson you are never gonna forget!” Grabbing Phillip by the wrist he spun him around, then drove his big elbow into Phillips lower back. With a tickling sensation racing down his back, his legs betrayed him and he dropped to his knees.
“Remember don’t mark him up to badly. The school will want to know where they had come from if he is marked where they can see them,” his mom reminded his dad. “We can’t have us investigated again so soon, it would make for some bad trouble.”
Heeding her warning his dad kicked him in the ribs, then in the stomach making Phillips world explode into light. He curled into a fetal position in an attempt to protect himself as best he could. After a few more kicks his dad had worn himself out, as he was not in that good of shape. Phillip waited until his parents had gone back to the couch and grabbed up their beers once again. Then he crawled painfully to his bedroom to lie on his bed. In his mind he did see himself defending against his dad's assaults then taking action against him. Driving him down, and then beating him into a senseless blubbering mass. Then scared at even the thought he would turn himself inward. After his parents had truly passed out he would go to the bathroom and soak in the tub filled with hot water. This would make him feel somewhat better. Then he would replace the hot water with cold water hoping that the swelling would not get too bad. Then again changing the water warm this would help him relax. For the first time that night lying in the tub he made up his mind that this time he really was going to run. Getting out of the tub he did feel somewhat better. What also really helped was knowing that he really was going to do it this time. Toweling off he could figure out where he was going to go. He decided that anywhere but here would be better than where he was now. He would think the rest out when he was safer and a good distance from home. Well away from the house. He had not considered it a real home for quite awhile now. He considered his home just a place to stay until he turned eighteen and got a job. Then he could leave to be on his own. Quickly throwing together some clothes and what money he had, he packed them into a shoulder type book bag. Without thinking he also grabbed up his Bo staff. Sighing deeply he wanted so bad to take his Bo staff with him, but decided against it as it would be hard to explain to the police if they caught up to him. However he did grab his chucks and some food. He placed these items into his book bag also. He thought no telling what or who was waiting for him on his trip, better to be safe than sorry.

** Runaway **

Walking out of the house he started up the road. It was about one in the morning so no one would be out and about at this time. Even if someone were to come by, he would never be seen, as he was real good at hiding in the shadows. He would not be missed for quite a long time for his parents slept late into the day. They would just assume that he was at school. Boldly he walked up the sidewalk. He thought that he would do this until he got out of town. Then he would travel east following the highway in the woods that ran beside it. He was making good time until he hit the woods. The darkness forced him to slow his pace some.
Finally the sun came up. He thought that it never would. The day promised to be a cloudless wonder. He was tired but he kept pushing. The more miles he put between his home and him the better.
 By three thirty in the afternoon he had put a great many miles between himself and the town. The only things that he would miss would be Tim and the little ones that he aided through their first stumbling steps on the way to the yellow belt rank, then even higher. By four o’clock he was absolutely exhausted.  He looked for a good place that he could lay down and bed for the rest of the day. The walk had done wonders in easing his soreness from the night before. He found an excellent place that would be safe from prying eyes that could possibly be looking for him already. The good many miles that were between him and the town put him at ease. Nobody would think of looking for him so far away as this. Phillip sat down and ate a little food and drank a little bottled water that he had brought with him. Lying down with his mind wondering here and there sleep was soon found. He must have slept the day away and into the night as the next thing he knew he heard something.
“Phillip we need you! Please hurry!”
Jerking awake with a start he sat up. His mind was still groggy and he did not at first remember where he was. It was very dark. Peering into the darkness all around him he could not see very well. The occasional sound of a fast moving car came from the highway that was close by. Then it came back to him, his flight and all the walking he had done and where he was. Had anyone found him? The voice had sounded like it came from all around. Now he could not hear anything. After eating lightly and drinking even lighter he decided it was time to get moving, he picked up his stuff and began walking once again. His eyes had adjusted to the dark allowing him to see enough to get moving. Phillip felt even better still as the night air was cool and even more miles were put between the town and him. The voice had been a dream and that’s all there was to it. 
The night had passed on and the heat was the problem of the day. It was much hotter than it should be at this time of year, man it was hot! The mountains were close at hand or so they appeared to be. Distances could play tricks on one's eyes so there was no way of really knowing how far away they were. The cool air of the mountains would feel very nice right about now. According to the sun once more it was late in the day. Once again he started looking for a place to bed down for the night. After walking a bit more he came across a small stream. He quickly stripped his shirt, shoes, and socks off and waded in. Finding a shallow pool Phillip sat down in it and started splashing water all over himself. He also submerged his head under the water to help him get some of the dirt and grime from his hair and face. Feeling refreshed now he just sat in the pool and listened to the sounds of the woods. Stomach rumbling he regretfully left the water to rummage in his backpack to see what was left in food and water. “Great,” he said to himself. “I would just have happened to forget to pick up my food and water last time.” Walking back over to the stream he looked dubiously at the water. Cupping his hands and filling them with the water he saw that it looked pretty clear. So he decided to take the chance and drank some. Not too bad he thought. He drank quite a bit so that his stomach felt full and would not mind the missing food as much. Walking back to where he had left everything he put his shirt, sox, and shoes back on. Then he sat leaning against a tree. He situated his chucks on one side of his legs and his backpack on the other side. Having cooled down somewhat from the water he relaxed and decided to take a little nap until it was time to move on. Closing his eyes his stomach took a slow roll and the nausea hit him. He had time for one last thought before he too faded into dimness, then nothingness at all. His thought had been, “man that water must not have been any good after all.”

** Phillip's Arrival **

Phillip was on his feet in an instant knowing that something was wrong. Dropping down into a low defensive crouch he looked around. To his surprise he was not in the woods anymore. In fact he was nowhere he had ever been before. Scared but not seeing any immediate danger in site he stood back up and looked around more slowly. The view was breath taking from where he stood. It appeared that he was standing on the top off one of the slow rolling hills that he could see all around him. The sun was shining brightly in a perfectly blue sky with just a few wispy clouds in sight. Far off in the distance there was a little touch of blue that may be a lake or something. Bending down to grab his backpack and his chucks he was dismayed to find that his chucks were gone. Instead there was this cylindrical silver item. It was maybe eight inches long by one inch thick. On the ground near him there was also a large leather pouch type item. It had a thick strand of leather that was attached to it so that it could be swung up and over the shoulder to carry things in. Peering closer at the metallic object to take a better look he saw that it was every bit as beautiful as the world was around him. It was a bright shiny silver metal of some sort with some weird markings on it. When he touched it, it felt warm and gave him a secure feeling. Gently he curled his right hand around it and picked it up. He had pushed something but did not know what. It happened so fast that it startled the living daylight out of him causing him to drop it. He could have sworn that the object had vibrated for just a millisecond and that both ends had protruded in the wink of an eye. Once again looking down he saw that no change had happened. It was still just eight inches long. With a trembling hand he reached down and picked it up again. This time concentrating hard on not being surprised and dropping it. It was a Bo staff! That was what it had turned into! It did not take Phillip long to figure out the small trigger device that when pressed turned it into the staff. He now held a rod about five feet in length that was the same weight as the wooden one that he had left behind. This must be some kind of light metal he thought. Grinning he put the rod into the pouch. Then he turned and took his sights on what looked to be the lake and started off on his journey.
 
Chapter 3: Tracy

** Practice in the Woods **

As if by magic an arrow appeared directly in the center of the target. Bulls Eye! Tracy grinned happily with satisfaction as she looked at the target sixty yards away. Without removing her eyes from the target she reached behind herself and grabbed the last arrow from her quiver. Nock-ing the arrow onto the bowstring she drew back. Once again closing the left eye she sighted, there was nothing but her, the arrow, and the bullseye in the world. Holding her breath she released her shot. Well nobody is perfect she thought to herself when the arrow went right of the bulls eye into the yellow section. Slowly she lowered the long bow and rested it up against the tree that she had been standing under. Casually brushing back a strand of long raven black hair that had escaped from her ponytail she considered collecting all her arrows for another round. Then glancing up at the sun she decided that there was not enough time. Sighing she took off walking toward the various targets to take a closer look at her growing accuracy and, of course, to pull the shafts from the targets. With her quiver once again full she headed back to the tree to collect her bow. The long bow had earned its name; it was long and took a great deal of upper body strength to wield it. Besides using the long bow she also did minor weight lifting to give her the required stamina to continually let the arrows fly true. She loved the peace and solitude that her practice gave her; this was her spot, and her sport. After securing her bow to a special bracket mounted to her bike she headed toward home. Dappled sunshine filtered through the leaves in the trees as she rode down the path in the woods. She also loved the bike ride with nothing but the wind in her hair and the birds singing in the trees.
“Tracy we need you!”
The voice came from everywhere and nowhere at the same time startling Tracy to where she almost fell off of her bike. She was able to bring the bike to a stop and hopped off kicking her kickstand in place all in one smooth motion.
“Who’s there?” Tracy whispered.
Looking all around she could see no one. She decided that her imagination had gotten the better of her again and remounted her bike and once again pedaled toward home. By the time she had cleared the woods she had forgotten all about it. She was almost home.

** At Home **

Tracy sat in front of the mirror looking at herself. Her long raven black hair was a striking contrast to her fair skin. She was considered good looking for the most part but had few friends due to her nature that people mistook for aloofness. She would go off into daydreaming without even realizing it, getting a faraway look in her eyes. Pulling a brush through her hair she sighed. Not one single dance as yet this year, and the year was soon ending. Feeling pity for herself she sighed again. It was not her fault that she lived in her own little world. She could not help it, as hard as she tried she would find herself just drifting off. She had a love/hate relationship with that part of herself. She loved it because when she was there she could do whatever she wanted as she had the power. She hated it because it did put a crimp in her social life and also her grades. At least she was not failing school. What a laugh, what social life? Everyone thought she was weird and would not hang with her. For the most part she did not mind, but sometimes it really hurt. Like when there were school dances that she was not invited to, or when she could hear the snickers from her classmates. She also felt her Mom was disappointed in her. That is what hurt the most out of everything. She had never met her father as he had died when she was nothing but a baby. She often wondered if things would be different if he had not. Well it was Friday; school was over till Monday, yet another week in the trashcan. Sighing she put her brush down and went out of her room and headed to the kitchen. Mom had left another note that she would be working late again so she would have to fend for herself in the kitchen. No biggie, she had been doing that since she was small. Opening the fridge she hung on the door and stared inside. She knew what it held but didn’t know what she wanted. So maybe if she looked long enough something would jump out at her. After a few minutes and nothing did she gave up and shut the door. Wandering out of the kitchen she decided that the house was just too quiet. Going into the living room she turned the stereo on as she preferred music over the mindless drone of the TV. Her favorite radio station played a mixture of hits from the sixties to now. They also played different types of music depending on who the DJ was. That was better, now maybe she could eat something. Going back to the kitchen she put together a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and poured herself a glass of milk. MMMMMmmm…. Delicious and nutritious. After finishing while bopping to the beat of the radio she took her glass to the sink and washed it. 
RRRRRIIIIIINNNNNGGGG!! Sheesh! The phone ringing about made her jump out of her skin. They were probably about the last people on earth with an old fashioned phone that really rang instead of chirped at you. She answered on the third ring supposing it was her mom.
“Hello?”
“Tracy, it’s me Stacey. I was wondering if you could meet me at the movies tonight. They are playing that new creepy show and I didn’t want to go by myself, but I really want to see it.”
Surprised by the call out of nowhere, Tracy did not reply for a second. Yes, she knew Stacey, but not that well. Stacey was one of the few people that did not poke fun at her, but they were not exactly friends either. Stacey ran with the kids that were not in the “in” crowd.
“Uh… sure. I wasn’t doing anything tonight anyway. The movie starts at seven, right”?
“Great! Yup, that’s when it starts. I’ll meet you out front.”
Hanging up the phone she had to admit. She was a little bit happy but also a little bit apprehensive of this invite out of the blue. Glancing at the clock she saw that she had about an hour and a half before she had to be there. She decided that a shower might be in order before then so she headed once again to her bedroom to gather some fresh clothes. She adjusted the temperature of the water before stepping in. She liked a hot shower at first, and then she would turn the temperature down at the end of the shower so it felt like a rain shower. She was just about to turn the shower off after washing and rinsing when she felt a little light headed.
“Tracy, we need you!”
The light-headedness passed in an instant and she hurried up and turned the shower off. Poking her head out of the shower she called out,
 “Hello? Mom! Is that you?” 
Only the dim music from the stereo answered her. Feeling a bit confused she quickly stepped out of the shower and dried off and did the towel wrap thing around her hair. She then quickly dressed and cautiously searched the house. The house was still empty like it was before. Whoa creepy she thought. Then reasoning to herself she decided that it had been either the radio going real loud for a second and she misunderstood it or she had really heard nothing. Going back to her bedroom she grabbed the blow dryer off her dresser and plugged it in and sat on her bed and dried her hair. After her hair was dry she ran a brush through it. She was one of the lucky few that her hair did not ever go into a mass of tangles and it was easy to care for. After a few touches of makeup she was ready. Once again looking at the clock she saw that now half an hour remained until show time. That meant that she would be able to take her time on her ten-speed bike. Going out the side door she checked to make sure she had her house keys in her fanny pack along with her money. Satisfied, she locked the door and headed for the garage. She unlocked the side door to the garage and went inside and grabbed her bike and removed her bow. A lot of people knew she had it but it would not be good to be running around armed and dangerous. Chuckling to herself she checked and made sure the door was locked then mounted her bike and headed off down the road toward town. Her Mom and herself lived just outside of town, close enough for easy access to stores, schools and such, but far enough to be out of the noise and traffic. In just the right area. She enjoyed her rides on her bike as they were quiet and you could go along at your own pace. She always rode with the traffic, as she should. Checking her rearview mirror she saw that traffic was light as usual. Shifting on up in gears she increased her speed to where she could almost go with the flow of the traffic. It was easy on these flat roads.

** At the Movies **

In fifteen minutes the theater came into view and she was able to spot Stacey already standing in line. Pulling up by a lamppost she unhooked her chain and secured her bike to the post. 
“Hey Stacey, how’s it going? Tracy asked.
“Going ok considering what a killer week I had at school this week. Did you know that I drew a D-Hall slip this week?” Stacey asked while at the same time making a face of disdain.
“Really? What did you do to get that?"
Stacey took a step forward in line as the line moved. “All I did was forget to spit out my gum before going into Mrs. Standish’s class.” She lamented.
“Oh boy, you chewed gum in Mrs. Standish’s class? Your real lucky you did not wind up wearing the gum for the rest of the class on your nose,” Laughed Tracy. “You do know that is what she used to do up until a few years ago.”
“One please.” Stacey directed at the ticket window. Then while she was paying for her ticket and getting her change she replied to Tracy, “I think I would have rather of done that than sit in D-Hall and write I will not chew gum in class. I had to fill 10 sheets of paper front and back before I got out.”
As Tracy forked the money over through the little slit in the glass window she decided to flat out ask Stacey as to why all the sudden the invite. She was really curious. I mean the year was almost over with no socialization before now. After getting her change and her ticket she turned to look at Stacey. “Don’t take this the wrong way or anything but why all the sudden are you inviting me to be with you?”
Looking a bit embarrassed Stacey stammered out, 
“Well, I have to admit that you were not my first choice. But all my other friends were already busy. So please don’t take this the wrong way either. I really wanted to see this movie, but not all by myself. I know that you don’t really do anything so I thought I would give you a shot. I must have picked up the phone and put it back down a hundred times before I finally did call you. Also I am kind of curious as to why no one hangs with you. I mean I know what everyone says, but I wanted to see. Ugh… sorry to sound so blunt but I can’t help being honest.”
A bit taken aback Tracy looked at her and replied, 
“Honesty. Mmm… that’s good and I like that. It is hard to find that quality in people now-a-days. Well anyways I am glad that you did call me. I have been wanting to see this picture also.”
Walking into the theater lobby together they stopped at the snack bar and got the necessary supplies to take them through the movie. Popcorn with loads of butter and soda are must haves. They found seats together and sat and just chatted until the lights dimmed and the previews began to roll. 
With the movie over and once again outside it was full dark. The temperature had dropped slightly but it still felt good.
“Man that movie was such a disappointment”, groaned Stacy. “I can’t believe that I just dropped nine bucks in there. Hey, you gonna need a ride home?”
“Nah, I got my trusty bike here and it will not take me long to get home. You're right about the movie, but I guess what can you expect from something that has a row of roman numerals after it. You would think that the bad guy would really die but they always come back.”
“I’m glad I did invite you. You made the movie more bearable. Well, you be careful riding home and I’ll catch you at school on Monday.” Stacy said. Then she started walking toward her car and turned to wave good-bye.
Also waving bye Tracy swung her leg over her bike. Then with a look back she shouted, “I had fun to. Catch yah Monday!”

** Tracy's Arrival **

After riding for only a few minutes she decided that she would rather walk the bike to better enjoy the night. Hopping down she switched over to the other side of the road where she would be walking facing the traffic. Soon she was away from the lights of the town and feeling the cool breeze against her face. As she walked she listened to the crickets making their whirring sounds and the crunching sounds her shoes made. The stars were standing out bright and hard for her to look and marvel at. Happily she pushed her bike along and thought over the night. She had fun, it had turned out to be a good night. A slight mist was starting to form in the fields that lined this section of the road. At this time it was just a wisp here and there but she knew that in a bit it would thicken up. Then she could pretend that she was walking the English Moors alone and for the fun of it she may even throw in a werewolf. She laughed at herself and thought, I have got to get some professional help. That thought just made her laugh even more.
She noticed after she quit laughing that all the crickets had gone silent. 'Oh goody, my laughter has scared all the crickets'. Then without a warning a sharp pain got her in the ribs. "Ahhh uhhh." Was about all the sound that she could manage as it was hard to get her breath. Staggering she got herself a bit more off the road so she would not be laying in the road in case she passed out. It sure felt like she was fixing to. A strong vertigo sensation hit her forcing her to let go of her bike and drop to her knees. Her bike fell over with a crashing sound but she never heard it. Her eyes had already closed and she had already faded into dimness, then nothing at all.
Tracy slowly partially opened her eyes. Sunlight filtered in through her dark lashes. Oh no she thought! Daytime! Mom is gonna be worried about me and pissed to boot! With a bolt she sat up and immediately regretted it. With her head swimming she quickly laid back down. After a few seconds the dizziness went away and she slowly sat up. Confusion poured over her as she looked around. She was definitely not where she had been last night. In fact she had no idea where she was. Nothing looked familiar at all. With panic setting in she looked around for her bike, it was nowhere in sight. Standing so she could get a better look she saw something in the grass beside where she had been. It was a bow, it was beautiful. Bending down she picked it up and marveled at its light weight. It was made of some kind of wood she had never seen before. Well at least it looked sorta like wood. Sort of... It was an odd color that was kind of dark with a slight green tint to it. The bow string itself was black and she had no idea what it was made of. Giving it a test draw, it pulled medium and smooth. She liked that feeling and the bow felt balanced and well made. Then she noticed etching that looked like fancy scrollwork running down each side of the bow - beautiful. That was when the quiver full of arrows caught her sight. The quiver looked to be made of hand-smoothed leather and it had a strap made of the same so it could be slung over her shoulder. Pulling out an arrow she saw that it was made of the same stuff the bow was made of. The feathers it sported from the nocked end were brilliant in color. One red, one green, and one a deep purple. With her mind firmly off her situation she could not resist. Nocking an arrow she drew and let fly. WOW, look at it go! With not much of an angle the arrow flew true to about a hundred yards before coming to rest. No way, she thought. But she had seen it with her own eyes. 
Then reality hit again. She still had no clue as to where she was or how to get home. Slinging the quiver over her shoulder she took a better look at her surroundings. Soft rolling green hills met her sight along with a beautiful blue sky. She noticed that the blue coloring was slightly off from what she was used to and butterflies alit in her stomach. Ignoring them and pushing them away she set off to get the arrow she had released. It was as good a direction as any plus she saw a slightly bluish haze in that direction that may be a lake or something.
 
Chapter 4: RASHNAR

** Phillip and the Krones **

Phillip had been walking for a few hours admiring the beauty of the place he had come to. He knew that he would need food, water, and shelter if he was going to live and get by. Every once in a while he would hear shuffling sounds close by. A few times he even caught sight of the source of the sounds but it was just quick glimpses. He was being followed, and it was more than one person that was following him. Taking a careful look around to be sure no one was looking he removed the staff from his pouch and triggered it. Now at its full length he began using it as a walking stick. It gave him comfort to know that now he was prepared to defend himself if the natives were hostile. As he walked he knew the mostly unseen persons were getting braver and closer but he chose to ignore them. As the sounds became louder Phillip found himself breaking into a light sweat, more from nervousness than from the warmth of the sun shining above. As he came into a small lea between all the hills he heard a shout and the tumult of running feet. Spinning to his right Phillip saw three creatures rushing directly at him waving their furry arms. Fear and dread shot through his heart. He was under attack! Quickly noting that they were much shorter than him he decided just to keep them at a distance to where they would be unable to get to him. Maybe if he could just drive them off they would leave him alone. As the lead one closed the distance Phillip stuck his staff out and jabbed it into the stomach of the creature, then side stepping let its own momentum carry it to his right. Quickly with drawing the staff from his first parry he spun and put the staff into the second ones gut while catching the third along side its head. Pulling back a few feet to add some more distance for safety Phillip set up in a defensive stance. He had no idea what these things were but it was obvious that they were angry now. They were only about Four and a half foot tall, but they looked stout and strong. Plus the fact that there were three of them, Phillip hoped he would not have to get to rough, as they were not armed. Uncoordinated charges kept coming as they kept rushing him one at a time. In each case Phillip just kept jabbing them and side stepping. He was starting to tire so he decided to start using more force to try and deter the creatures and bring this to an end. With the next rush Phillip swung the staff into the gut of the attacking creature and was greeted with the sound of a grunt and air being forcefully expelled. The short little critter doubled over in apparent pain. Phillip taking advantage went on a brief attack and took out the other two in similar fashion with the same results. Breathing a little heavy he leaned on his staff for some support, while watching them to see what they would do next. It did not take long as one spoke in a strange language to the other two in a harsh sounding voice. They separated encircling Phillip and then charged!

** Jack, Phillip, and the Krones **

The sun appeared to be normal and seemed to follow the same path and time frame that he had known for seventeen years. All that made Jack feel much better. The water that Jack saw turned out to be a small lake. By the time he reached it he had been walking for a couple of hours with the lake disappearing from time to time as he went up and down the hills that were growing much smaller in size. Upon reaching the small lake he looked at it dubiously trying to make up his mind if he should he drink from it or not. He was pretty thirsty after his hike. Just as he made up his mind to brave the water some sounds caught his ears. Turning to hear better he determined the source of the sounds to be coming from behind a small grassy knoll near him that had an embankment. Crouching low and holding the scabbard against his body with his left hand he hurried toward the sound. The sounds became louder and clearer and it sounded as if a fight was taking place as he could hear smacks followed by grunts of pain.
When Jack was able to get a clear look he was surprised by the scene that greeted his eyes. There appeared to be a teenage boy with a long silver stick holding off three odd looking creatures. They looked kind of human but short and stout. The arms were a bit longer than a regular person's arms would be. They were also a bit on the hairy side, not ape hairy, but hairier than people should be. All three were dressed identical in shades of brown. Every time one of the creatures ran at the young man the silver stick would flash with incredible speed and strike the creature. Jack saw that was what was producing the sounds he heard with the creatures doing all the grunting. Standing there he witnessed a charge by all three from different directions at the same time. To Jack's amazement the other young man planted the end of the pole on the ground and smoothly vaulted over the surprised man things heads and landed safely outside their circle causing them to run into each other and fall in a tangle of body parts.
When Jack recovered from the sight of that smooth move he broke into laughter because it was awful funny looking. Hearing the laughter the dark haired youth spun in Jacks direction and crouched low while tucking the silver pole under his right arm and holding out his left arm. At the same instant the little men untangled themselves and crawled crab style a short distance away.
"WOW." Jack said while raising his hand in a wave. "That was awesome!"
The dark haired youth cautiously straightened up and relaxed a bit, but warily eyed the sword at Jacks side.
Now to late, Jack realized that he did not know anybody from Adam in this place. He gently laid his hand on the hilt of his sword but did not draw it.  "Hey, that was quite a show you put on there. Nice moves. What are those things that you were fighting with anyway?" Jack asked cautiously trying to size up the situation.
With a motion that happened so fast Jack could not even begin to follow it the long silver pole vanished and in its place was just a small silver thing that the young man tucked into a leather pouch that he was wearing.
Staying where he was the youth said, "My name is Phillip. I have no idea what those things are. If it makes you feel better, they started it. They had been following me for a few hours, then all the sudden they rushed me and tried to take my pouch. All I was doing was defending myself and trying not to hurt them too badly. You know, just trying to make them give up and leave me alone."
"We are the Krone," a voice from beside the boys said. Startled the boys turned quickly to realize that all three of the beings were standing only a few feet away from them. "We were not attacking you. Well, not at first. But you struck us! You left us no choice but to strike back. We knew that you are a stranger to our lands and we did not want you to injure yourself. We were rushing to aid you."
Phillip looked curiously at the Krones and asked, "Injure myself on what? Aid me from what? You're not making sense. I was just walking along and you three started it."
"Permit us to show you." The Krone then turned as one and walked toward a small dark green plant with bright red heart shaped flowers. Pointing at the plant the Krone explained, "This here is the Danga plant. If you get close enough it will shoot small thorns at you. If even a single thorn strikes you it can kill you. But for one of your size it may just make you very sick for a few days. It is very poisonous. They are rare but they do kill unfortunate ones every year. They are more common on Rashnar where we are now. But the plant can be found all over Kantura. So you see we were not trying to rob you, but lead you to safety."
Humbled and abashed Phillip replied, "Uh... Thanks. I'm sorry I hit you all. I just thought... well you know what I thought. It just looked like you were trying to grab my pouch."
Curious Jack asked, "What is Rashnar and Kantura?"
"Our apologies, we forgot you are not from here. Kantura is this world; Rashnar is the largest land on Kantura. Krae, which you are not on right now is the second largest land on Kantura." the Krone explained.
Abruptly turning his back to Phillip and Jack, the speaking Krone addressed the other two. "This is good, this one looks to have great fighting skills and the other one looks to be a warrior. We were unarmed but I do not think that would have made much of a difference in the outcome. Though we saw no magic this time it does not mean there is none. We shall wait, we shall see." Turning back to face the boys he gazed up at them. "You need to be on your way now. There is another that you need to meet here in Rashnar and time is growing shorter. Urgency is not in the air as of yet, but the time is nearing. Please be off."
The three Krones walked away as one not even appearing to notice the boys hail of questions.

** Jack and Phillip Meet Tracy **

Realizing that no more of their questions were going to be answered Jack and Phillip fell silent as they watched the Krones move out of sight around the hillock. Curiously they sized each other up.
"Rashnar? Never heard of it. Have you?" Jack asked Phillip.
"Nope, not me. I take it you are not from around here either? Uh... I mean you did not know what those things were either. By the way what's your name since you know mine now?" Phillip asked.
A troubled look brushed his features and Jack replied, "I'm Jack, and no I am not from around here. I keep expecting to wake up and find that this has all been a dream."
With dawning realization Phillip, who had already begun to add things up asked Jack, "Did you uh... by any chance keep hearing a voice telling you that we need you before you woke up here?"
Ducking the question Jack responded, "You know there is a lake just back there. I am thirsty as anything and could use a drink; you look like you might need one to. Want to see the lake?"
Letting the question go for now Phillip decided not to push it since Jack seemed uncomfortable with it. "Sure, lead the way my man."
Jack turned and started walking back the way he had come being careful to skirt well away from the Danga plant. Phillip followed behind him. As they cleared the mound and looked toward the water both saw that they had more company. From this distance they could not make out what their company was so they decided that stealth was prudent. As they drew nearer, walking softly they were able to tell that whoever it was, was human. They were also very thirsty because they were busy scooping water from the lake with their hands and drinking it. Jack stopped and looked at Phillip and pointed to the right and motioned that he was circling left. Phillip nodded that he understood and crept off in the indicated direction. Jack debated whether he should draw his sword or not and decided against it just in case the person was friendly. Even though both he and Phillip had noted the bow and arrows the person had with them. What happened next was a surprise and a blur. They had both made the mistake of thinking that the person was not aware of them. Before either one of them could react and go for their weapons the figure sprang up with bow in hand and had an arrow already drawn. The point of the arrow kept dancing back and forth between Jack and Phillip. Startled they both now saw that it was a girl and she was a beauty. Dismayed, though, they both realized that she had the drop on them with a deadly weapon and it looked like she knew how to use it.
"Your a girl!" Jack blurted out.
He was rewarded with a look that by all rights should have vaporized him on the spot.
Sheepishly Jack slowly raised his hands in the air and an embarrassed Phillip followed suit. 
In a soft voice Phillip said, "We mean you no harm. Do you speak English? Are you from anywhere around here?"
Letting the tension ease from the bow and slightly lowering it, but keeping the arrow in place, the girl replied, "Yes, I speak English, but no I am not from around here. Are you guys from around here?"
Relaxing a bit from no longer being aimed at Phillip slowly let his hands down and answered, "Well, my name is Phillip. Neither one of us are from here either. I mean before I woke up here the last thing I remember was being sick to my stomach and passing out in the woods of California."
Jack also relaxing and dropping his hands put in, "I was jogging in the park near my home in Florida, I got a bad cramp and got sick to my stomach. Then I guess I passed out. When I came to I was here." Jack then eyed the lake thirstily. "Hey, did the water taste all right?"
Feeling much more at ease Tracy placed the arrow back in her quiver and reslung her bow. "Well hey there Jack and Phillip, I am Tracy, and it looks like we are definitely not in Kansas anymore. Me, I'm from Maine. I was walking my bike home from the movies last night, and then I got real dizzy, my stomach cramped up, then I passed out. Now here I am. I have been pretty much walking around all day spooking myself with thoughts of dragons, ogres, and all sorts of nasty monsters. So when I was drinking and heard you two, well... let's just say I am glad you two do not look like trolls. I am also very happy to meet you both!" With that Tracy held out her hand in friendship. "Oh, and in answer about the water even though I am a mere girl it tasted just fine, yes that sarcasm is directed at you Jack."
Grinning and relieved both Jack and Phillip walked over to Tracy to shake her hand. Jack grabbed Tracy's hand, it felt soft, warm, and she had a firm hand shake. Nice. Before Tracy broke the contact Phillip's hand joined in. The contact between the three of them felt much like a very powerful jolt of static electricity.
"Ow!"
"Hey!"
"What the...?"
Mixed comments issued from all of them at once and they quickly pulled away from each other.
Off in the distance unseen by the three teens the Krone stood on a small hill top looking on. "It has begun." The one in the middle simply says...

** The Shandaha **

"Oh my..." Tracy said softly.
 She was looking at a point behind Jack and Phillip. The look on her face told the boys that she was not looking at the hills that they had all come through. Turning around to see what she was looking at they, at first, could see nothing. Then as they looked closer they could now see a shimmering area in mid air. It was approaching them. Jack drew his sword halfway out of the sheath while Phillip reached into his bag and pulled his staff but did not trigger it. For some odd reason they did not really feel threatened. The shimmering air came to a stop about five feet in front of them. As close as they could describe it, it would be like looking at one of those heat mirages that you see near the surface of a road on a hot day. But this one was upright and you could see through it. The bottom of it was about 6 inches above the grass with the top ending up close to seven feet. It was shaped kind of like a very thin stretched out oval.
"I am of the Shandaha. We are the guardians of this world."
With a start all three of the teens recognized the voice that seemed to come from all around them. It was the voice that had spoken to each of them.
"You! Your the one who caused all this!" Jack shouted with unexpected fury in his voice.
"Yes, it was I and the two others that are no more that brought you here. We saw you in the light. The light showed us that you could aid this world. The light then showed us where each of you were."
Phillip and Tracy exchanged looks as they had caught something The Shandaha said that apparently Jack had missed.
"What did you mean by saying the two others that are no more?" Tracy asked.
"Three guardians are appointed to each world. I am one of the three appointed to this one. Something is happening to this world that is endangering its very existence. It was beyond our powers to correct this. So we consulted the light within, and the light showed us a way that we may still help. You are that help. But, bringing you here took a lot of our essence and dimmed the light. As a result the other two gave their essence to me so that I may live to guide you on your task at hand. We knew the risk, but it had to be done. We three are now just one."
"Oh, isn't this a crock of mumbo jumbo bull! I am sorry for what is going on here, but I have my own life to worry about back home. So you can just send me back right now." Jack retorted.
"I am sorry to say this but that is impossible. I am just one and it takes all three. Until order and balance is restored we will be but one."
Jack felt his legs giving away under him and he slowly sank to the ground to his knees. Having a hard time grasping this bitter pill he buried his face in his hands and broke down. His Mom and Dad were gone; his friends, his house, the park, the race, helping his dad. Gone, all gone. For now it was too much to take. His structured and organized world collapsed so he just shut down refusing to hear anymore.
Phillip coming out of a daze asked the only question he could think of, "So... what do we do to restore order and return balance?"
In a sighing voice The Shandaha replied, "The light within did not show us the how or the means. It just showed us you three in response to our question of how we can help. Then it would speak no more. I do know it has to do with the portal that has opened somewhere that is releasing evil creatures that are setting on this world and causing many tribulations. I know not where this portal is yet as I am looking for it. But even for myself the way is dangerous. For now you need more supplies than what you have been given as gifts. Go East to the Town of Vermel. If the Light is willing I shall see you again after I find the portal. But, there are others that you must meet in your journey. The Krones are just one. Others will have pieces of the puzzle that the Light has shared." The Shandaha, after speaking, floated back a few feet and upward a bit and vanished leaving the stunned trio all alone.
 
Chapter 5: The Journey Begins

** Jack takes a Bath **

After the departure of the Shandaha Phillip and Tracy joined the sitting Jack who still had not reacted to anything. Silence reigned, as each of them was lost in their own thoughts. The sun impartial to the situation trekked lower and lower in the sky above. Phillip noted that it was starting to get dark around them. He glanced at Jack and saw that he still had not moved, then he looked over at Tracy who had a faraway look in her open eyes. Stretching a bit as he got up he walked to the lake and bent down. Cupping his hands he dipped them in the water. It felt cool and refreshing so he splashed some water on his face. Then he proceeded to wash his face and neck area along with his arms. Feeling a bit better he returned to where Tracy and Jack sat. It looked like Tracy was back from where ever she had gone as she was looking up at him.
"What are we going to do about Jack?" Tracy asked.
"Nothing for now. Maybe he will feel better in the morning. We can’t go anywhere right now, as it is almost dark. I suggest that we just stay here for the night and try and get some sleep. Then tomorrow we will figure something out." Phillip stated.
Looking up and watching the first stars wink on Tracy answered back, ”Sounds as good plan as any to me right now." Then casting a slightly worried look over at Jack's darkening form, she lay down and closed her eyes to sleep.
With the day breaking Tracy and Phillip found out that some time during the night Jack had either lay down to sleep or just fallen over from exhaustion. Knowing that there was no food where they were they knew that they had to get moving or just die of starvation. Neither of them relished the idea of waking Jack, but Tracy bent over Jack and shook his shoulder.
"Jack, wake up." Tracy said as she shook him again, this time a bit rougher.
Jack opened one eye and got up on one elbow and peered around at his surroundings. Then a dismal look came over his face and he sank back down and reclosed his eyes.
Phillip walked over to Jack and stood beside Tracy. Then he bent down and grabbed Jack with both his hands and shook hard. "Dude! Get up! We can't stay here! We've got to get moving!"
All Jack did in response was to curl up in the fetal position and ignore them.
With a look of disgust Phillip again reached down and took hold of Jacks shirt and yanked upward pulling Jack halfway to his feet. Jack let his body be nothing but dead weight. With a look of exasperation he motioned to Tracy for help. Together they each grabbed an arm and lifted Jack, dragging him they struggled toward the lake. It seems that they both had the same idea. Reaching the lake they went out to where the water was about eight inches deep then looking at each other and nodding they both let go at the same time. The effect was immediate.
The water seemed to explode as a soaking wet Jack leapt upward.
"GEESH! That is COLD!" Jack yelped as he sputtered and shook his head. Then angrily looking to shore where Phillip and Tracy had retreated to, he glared at them.
Tracy coldly returning Jack's sullen look stated, "We need to talk."
Jack trudged to shore and sat down drawing his knees up to his chest and hugging his knees with his arms. Then feeling something poking him in the side he absently reached and grabbed the hilt of his sword and adjusted it to be more comfortable. With that done he looked from Tracy to Phillip through his wet hair.
Clearing his throat Phillip started, "Jack, right now I don't care who needs us to do what. But one thing is obvious. We need each other. We have no idea as to what is out there and what we are going to face, but in my book three is better than two. We cannot go back and we cannot stay here. If we do we will die. So the only thing left is to go forward."
Tracy then joined in softly, "You don't look to me like the type that just gives up even when you think you’re beaten. Come with us Jack and show us... please."
With a deep heavy sigh Jack stood up. "You’re right, I'm not a quitter. It's just that this is so much to deal with." Jack said with a clicking sound in his throat while raising his arms and turning slowly around.
Still softly Tracy said, "I know. But this is what we have been dealt and you've got to play the cards you have."
Looking to the East Phillip put in, "Shall we roll then? I'm getting pretty hungry and a nice village is just what we need." That being said Phillip started walking.
After just a moment of hesitation Jack followed behind and Tracy fell into step behind Jack.

** The Road to Vermel **

After a walk of about fifteen minutes along the shore of the lake the youths ran across what could only be an old road. The twin overgrown ruts ran away from the lake and headed in the direction that they needed and vanished into the distance. Nothing could be seen as far as the eye could look but the grass and the road. Without a glance back, they turned to follow it wherever it may lead them. 
Jack lost in his thoughts followed Phillip obediently keeping his eyes on his back. He knew he was having a hard time coming to grips with the situation but he resolved to do better in the future. If righting wrongs and fighting evil doers was what it took to get back home then so be it, that's what he would do. He started feeling better almost immediately once he made that decision and felt his old resolve come flowing back to him. Thinking on their current situation he took careful stock. They would need food, water, clothing, and something to tote the supplies in. To obtain those things, they would need money. If the city or town was big enough he would seek employment, then he remembered he knew nothing of this worlds trade habits so he found that he could not even formulate a working plan. It looked like they would just have to play it by ear and just see what events unfolded. Taking his eyes off Phillip's back he once again looked around at his new found home. Still nothing but green grass and that off colored blue sky greeted his eyes. Briefly turning around and walking backwards he gave Tracy a radiant smile to show that all was fine with him now. He felt that Tracy got the message as her eyes sparkled and she returned a grin and nodded her head. Feeling better yet, Jack picked up his speed a tad and caught up to Phillip to walk beside him on his right. Looking at Phillip he gave him an apologetic grin and saw that Phillip understood as he grinned back. He then noticed that Tracy had pulled up on the other side on Phillip. Tracy then started humming something, he strained his ears to make out what it was when it hit him. She was humming the song, "We're off to see the Wizard" from that old classic movie "Wizard of Oz." Jack could not help it, he snickered, then decided what the heck and started humming along. Soon all three of them were singing the song and laughing while walking along. All was right with them and the world for now.
Eight hours into the walk, Phillip thankfully called a halt to rest a bit. Jack was surprised at both Phillip and Tracy for being able to hold the pace this long without taking a break. I mean yes they were walking, but the average person could not walk for that amount of time with no breaks. The scenery had changed little around them during the course of the day with the exception of a few straggly trees here and there. Also they had found the remains of a few huts here and there, and seen evidence of what used to be fencing and posts. Looking up he saw that the sun was past its high point and starting its decline, but there was still daylight left for a few more hours of hiking. Licking his lips and swallowing he realized he was getting pretty thirsty. Looking over at the other two he knew that they had to be also as their faces had a reddish tinge to them and sweat was dappling Phillips upper lip. To soon it seemed they were on their way again.
With the daylight fading they spotted what must be the town or village. It was not a city. Holding a brief meeting they decided that they would forgo water and food and approach the village in the morning when sight was better. Walking off the road a ways Jack unbuckled his sword and let it fall. He saw Phillip take off his pouch and Tracy unsling her bow and quiver. Making grunting sounds everyone settled down for the night. Lying on his back Jack saw the stars come out to greet his tired form. Before he was bothered by the thirst, he was asleep.

** Vermel **

Tracy awoke to the sounds of a distant crowd. Sitting up she grimaced, her back and legs letting her know that they did not all enjoy yesterdays long walk. Looking around she saw Jack and Phillip not far away looking off toward the town. Something seemed to be holding their attention, as they had not noticed her stirrings. Getting up she sidled over to them and took a look for herself. To the side of the town set up in a meadow there were banners flying and a large crowd of people. Every once in awhile the crowd would erupt in a roar but she was to far away to see much detail. Curious as to the event they decided to get a closer look. While Jack buckled his sword on, Tracy slung her bow and quiver. Phillip grabbed up his pouch and the trio began walking toward the town. 
Half an hour’s walk saw them at a little creek that they had not noticed from the distance because it was in a little dip. Tracy looked at the shallow creek and it was one of the most inviting sites she had ever seen. Kneeling beside the water she scooped some up. It was so cool and clear. Throwing caution to the wind she drank. Oh heaven. She did not know that water could be so sweet, it felt great going down her dry throat and felt even better settling in her stomach. From the happy look on the boy’s faces she could pretty much tell that they were having the same thoughts. Too bad it is not deep enough to jump in she thought. Standing back up she noticed for the first time the scent of food wafting in on a slight breeze. At the smell her stomach let her know that she needed some food. The smell was coming from where the crowd was. Her stomach then growled so noisily that both Jack and Phillip looked up from their drinking.
"I second that thought," Jack said laughingly.
"Well then, it looks like we are to be meeting the fine folks of Vermel if we want to do anything about that." Phillip said while standing up and wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
Do you think we should hide our weapons somewhere when we meet them for the first time? I don't think that going to meet new people and being armed is a good thing to do."
"Good thought Tracy, well just stash our weapons here and go in and see what’s what. Then if all is ok we can come back to get them." Jack said.
Phillip who looked like he had been mulling this over put in, "What I think we should do is just two of us go unarmed and scout things out leaving the third to watch over the weapons. Then if it checks out come back"
"Let me guess. You want the poor defenseless girl to stay correct? While the macho men go off to investigate." Tracy spat out.
Phillip holding up his hands with a surprised look on his face replied, "Uh... Whoa whoa! Down girl! I never said that, in fact, I never even implied that. In my eyes we are a team. But, I just think that is the best way to go at this since we know nothing about this land or its people. But, now that you mention it; you do have a long-range weapon. I think that is best. Come with us closer then lay low. If Jack and I get into some trouble and have to run you can cover us."
Pacified Tracy replied, "You got a point there. Alright let's do it."
A relieved look came over Phillips face as he turned to face Jack. "Well, you heard the lady. Let's do it."
The three walked toward the crowd. Finding a tree that stood near Tracy positioned herself behind it while Jack and Phillip disarmed and put their things beside her. After a few short well wishes Tracy watched Jack and Phillip walk toward the crowd. She took an arrow out of her quiver for faster loading just in case it was needed. Watching anxiously she saw the boys disappear into the people. Time seemed to slow down and drag as she waited. A few minutes lazily rolled on, taking its own sweet time passing by. Just when she was starting to really worry and contemplate going after them she saw them emerging from the crowd and head back to her at a fast walk. Relief flooded her and she was able to relax. She did not realize how tense just those few minutes had made her. It must be good news she surmised from the smiles on their faces.
"Tracy, just how good are you with that bow?" Jack asked excitedly when he got near enough.
"Why? What’s going on?"
Phillip unable to contain himself blurted out what they had found out. "It's like a Fair Day! Only a real old one. They have jousting contests, sword fighting duels, falconry shows, jugglers, acrobats, and food! What you keep hearing is the jousting contest. But one contest they have is an archery contest! It pays money to the winner, and we need money."
Blanching Tracy said, "I can give it a go, but no guarantees that we will wind up eating."
Grinning and slapping Tracy's shoulder Jack said, "Well then, let's do it."
After strapping his sword back on, Jack turned and hurried back to the crowd.
"Wow, you seem to think he is in a hurry." Tracy said.
Laughing Phillip said, "You haven't gotten a good close whiff of that food yet."
Having to walk fast to keep up Tracy followed behind Phillip as they pushed themselves through the crowd. Tracy marveled over how the people looked so much like them. They were just dressed differently. The people were dressed all in natural shades. The clothing had different hues of greens and browns for the most part. The few flashes of bright colors she saw were worn by what looked like dwarfs, jugglers, and yes even down to the bells what could only be court jesters. Tracy heard a clank of metal followed by a thud, then followed by a loud roar from the crowd. She was glad her talent was not jousting. Coming out of the main crowd she saw Jack standing by a knot of people with bows themselves and she saw him gesturing in her direction. Her palms started to sweat and she got a little bit light headed at the thought of an archery contest with people she had never met before. Phillip and Jack seemed to have a lot of confidence in her; she only hoped that she could live up to their expectations. They were now close enough to hear Jack's conversation even over the rest of the crowd.
"No? What do you mean no?" Jack asked hotly directing it at a tall slim dour looking man that had no bow. "Isn't this a Fair Day where people come from all around to compete?"
"Like I tried to tell you before, the contest is full and now closed to further registration. You arrived too late, the contest will be starting shortly." The man said pulling an even longer face.
Tracy had two feelings at the same time. She felt relief as the pressure fell from her shoulders, and then worry as she thought how were they to get food now.
Just then three figures stepped out from behind some of the archers.
"The Krone will forfeit our position to favor the lady. We are most curious to see how well the lady can perform in the task at hand"
"With a nod of his head the dour man said, "As you wish Krone."
With murmurs coming from the other archers The Krone walked over and stood beside the teens. The center Krone who had spoken looked intently up into Tracy's eyes.
"May you do well, and The Light Within shine on you My Lady."

** The Archery Contest **

Taking deep shallow breaths Tracy tried to calm her nerves. Closing her eyes she pictured herself back at home in the woods where she practiced. I can do this she thought to herself as she opened her eyes. Her racing heart had slowed to almost a normal pace. Looking to her right then left she saw the other archers. Twenty of them in all, including herself. Once again she calmed herself by shutting her eyes. Now she opened them and looked at the target standing 25 paces away. That was her entire world now. Pulling an arrow from her quiver she set herself and took a deep breath. Her bow thrummed as she let the first of three arrows fly for round one. Happily she saw that the arrow had flown true to its mark and scored a perfect center shot. Relief flowed in and her jitters evaporated. Smiling she sent her second and third arrows straight to the mark. Her grouping was excellent with less than an inch separating all three. The scores were taken and 2 archers cut. The targets were then moved to fifty paces distant. Once again Tracy narrowed her focus to nothing but the target, all else fell away. Once again all arrows flew and when the scores came back Tracy was happy to advance to the third round. Only ten archers remained. A hush fell over the gathering crowd as she drew a bead on her target now seventy-five paces away. Letting her arrows fly one at a time the crowd oh'd and awwwed as each struck home. She heard some angry muttering from some of the archers as they were now cut. At a hundred paces only she and two other archers remained. The watching crowd had grown in size. At this distance the target looked very small to her. Calmly she looked away from her target and pulled back on the bowstring. She was looking right at Jack who had a very confused look on his face. She just could not resist throwing him a wink right before snapping her head back toward the target forcing her focus and letting fly. With the crowd cheering in her ears the score came back. All three still on target! Then she noted that murmuring had started. One other archer had done the same thing. The sourpuss man then came forward and approached Tracy and the other archer.
"This final round has not been needed for a good many years. You made an impressive show. For this last round we shall sling a stuffed deerskin bag into the air at a distance of fifty paces. Whomever is able to hit the bag will be declared the winner, and shall receive the purse."
When Tracy looked around for Jack and Phillip she noticed that many in the crowd were exchanging items in an excited way. Smiling to herself she realized that they were making bets on the outcome of the contest. A shrill whistle brought her attention back to hand. Looking down range she saw a man swinging in circles a bag. Then an idea came to her. If she missed it was over. If she was able to pull it off they would be talking about this match for years to come. Once again she focused, but not on the swinging bag. She waited... the bag was thrown high into the air and the archer next to her released his arrow. A split instant later her was on its way and in a blur she drew a second and released it. With a loud shocked gasp the crowd saw her first arrow strike the other archer's arrow and shatter it in mid air. As she watched her second arrow fly she heard the archer drop his bow. 
Thwack! Her second arrow pierced the center of the deer bag at the top of its rise.
 Tracy could not move as the crowd moved in on her, encircling her. It did scare her for an instant until she realized that the rush of people was shouting in amazement and wanting to give her congratulations. She saw Jack and Phillip pushing their way through the crowd to get to her and then they were at her side shouting and hugging her. She felt grand and threw her arms about the both of them. Then with all the pressure gone she broke, crying tears of happiness and glowing with pride.
The crowd fell back after a few moments to allow the dour full man to come through. Tracy noted that he was smiling, and with him doing that he did not look like the saddest man in the world anymore.
"The purse is yours My Lady. It is well earned, all One Hundred Dracoons, well done!"
Standing off to the side by themselves the three Krone had watched the contest. They watched as Tracy received her prize. Nodding solemnly at each other they turned back and watched as the teens ran toward the nearest food vendor.
"This is also one of the fore told ones. For the third it remains to be seen. We shall see, it will be shown."

** A Life Altering Event **

The trio had been busy after the contest with first order of business grabbing a bite to eat. Then they had circulated among the locales and found them friendly and helpful. They had no problem securing a nights lodging at no charge. Then they had enjoyed the rest of the Fair Day watching jugglers, puppet shows, and actors. The day was splendid with only one dark troubling time. At one point in the day they had stopped to listen to a storyteller that came from afar. He told tales of strange flying creatures and monsters that were coming from far away and taking over the land. The locales laughed and jeered at him and still he insisted that the tales were true. The story teller was finally driven off by rotten fruit and vegetables being thrown at him. Toward dark they had gone to the locale Inn very tired but happy. The breads, fruits, and various meat dishes were wonderful and they ate their fill. Then they had gone to a simple but clean room to retire for the night.
"Oh man, am I ever stuffed." groaned Jack. "Have I told you Thank You yet Tracy?"
Managing a little laugh an equally stuffed Tracy replied, "Yes Jack you have. About a hundred times." Letting her eyes wonder around the room she once more took in its simple charm of rough-hewn wood.
"That was one fantastic shot you made. I about dropped when I saw your arrow break that dudes arrow in mid air, and you should have seen the look on his face! I mean it just looked like it fell apart all at once. One second he is smirking and the next he is in shock." Phillip started laughing, "Ow, ow, ow... ohhhh it hurts when I laugh, but I can't help it!" Then Phillip caught sight of something that dried his laughter up.
The shimmering form hung just off the floor and slowly turned as if looking at each of them one at a time.
Seeing it again the spit dried up in Jack's mouth and he retreated to a corner to stand and glare at it from as far away as possible.
"You must prepare yourselves for a long journey. There is someone that you must see in the city of Creele on the Great Lake. Roshan is one of this world's few true Mage's that still lives. He is expecting you and has something for each of you."
Unable to contain himself any longer Jack shouted, "Why don't you just go ahead and kill us all now! Just... just... put us out of it! You say it's even dangerous for something like you, well we're just people and you think nothing of pulling us from our families and our world, then sticking us in this place to fight your battles!" He then rushed at the shimmering light with his hands balled into fists.
Peace, Calm, and Love is what Jack felt. He looked around him, the room and his friends were gone. In its place was light all around. Not a bright blinding light, but a comforting gentle light. Then the voice whispering and echoing came from everywhere.
"Jack, it was written long ago that you would come. I was just the channel of what was to be. If The Light Within did not think you're up to this, then this would never be. This World does not know yet of its full peril. But it needs you Jack, it needs a true hero. You are stronger than you know. Believe Jack in who you can become. Believe in yourself, believe in your friends. Believe Jaaaccckkkk..."
Then the light was gone and the room was back. Phillip was standing on one side of him and Tracy the other holding him up. Jack reached up to his face and found that he had been crying. He looked at his friends. Deep concern was etched into their faces. He reached out and pulled them closer to him and held them and wept. Phillip and Tracy did not say a word, just held and comforted him. Deep inside they felt a change had taken place with in Jack. When his tears had come to an end he stood back and looked at them. They noted that his back was straighter, he was standing taller, and there was a new look of determination in his face.
Taking a deep breath Jack announced, "Tomorrow we prepare." Then he lay down and fell asleep.
Phillip and Tracy looked at each other. They both felt that their friendship had just gone to another level. They were ready. Then they to lay down and went to sleep.

** Leaving Vermel **

Rising early Jack looked over at Phillip and Tracy. Both were still sleeping peacefully. Being extra quiet so as not to waken them he slipped out of the room. The Inn was deserted at this early hour with the exception of one young man cleaning up the dining room. Jack nodded a hello then went outside to greet the day. In the early morning light he sat on a bench that was just outside the front and watched as Vermel slowly came to life around him. There were a few locales that went about the street picking up refuse from the previous day's activities. Across the way a large man was opening up what could only be a horse-boarding place with a livery. He wondered idly if he would have a horse that he could buy so that they could cut down on what they had to carry. After the other two woke up he would broach the idea of purchasing a horse. Soon smoke started rising from the liveries chimney as the forge fire was lit. At the end of the road looked to be a market place. Good, they would have to check that out also. With the sun shining brighter and more people about he decided to go in and see if they were up yet. Going back in through the dining area he saw that it was already clean and ready for the day's business so he bought some bread and fruit to share with the others. Coming in the room he saw that both Phillip and Tracy were up and about. For the next little bit they talked quietly together while eating. Then deciding on what they needed, gathered their few belongings, and left the room. Before leaving the Inn they thanked the owner for a good night of rest then went out the door and across the street. Luck was with them at the livery as they were able to purchase an older horse for twenty of their dracoons. The liveryman gave no guarantee as to how far the horse could travel but said that she was a good sturdy mare, just a bit old. From the worker they also bought the items they would need to load the horse comfortably and be able to lead the horse. Then with the horse in tow they went to the market square that was already alive with delicious smells and lively shouts from the vendors to the buyers. Talking to the people at different stalls brought them a wealth of knowledge as to what was best to take on the trip. They purchased plenty of cured dried meat along with a locale fruit bread that they were assured would keep a long time and would keep them well nourished. They only bought enough fresh fruits and vegetables to last a few days. Then water skins, clothing, and light blankets were bought. They were also surprised to find a type of metal along with flint that produced large long glowing sparks. When finally done the horse had a pretty good load and they themselves had things to carry. Then after talking to a few more people they were assured that a city named Creele really did exist and got rough directions on how to get there. There was a road that went there, but it was not used very much so was not much more than a trail. With goodbyes and well wishes from all, they set out first toward the small creek to fill all their water skins and to let the horse have a good long drink. While the horse was drinking and cropping grass each of them took cover one at a time behind a tree and changed into local clothing, repacking their own clothes. On the very outskirts of town they picked up the road. It turned out to be the same road that they had been on but it made a more Easterly turn when going out the other end of town. Not saying much at all they headed into the ever-climbing sun following the faint twin trails.

Chapter 6: Eastward Bound

** Attacked in the Night **

By the end of the third day they came to a small shallow river that was easily forded. They decided that they would set up camp for the night on the bank of the river. That way they would be able to refill the water skins and maybe be able to trap some fresh fish to eat. All their fresh fruit and vegetables had been finished the previous day. Looking South-South East they could see the outlines of distant mountains breaking the monotony of the flat plains they had been traveling.
"Oh boy, you can just about bet that we will eventually wind up in those mountains." stated Tracy.
"Why in the world would you say that?" Jack looked from Tracy, to the mountains, and back to Tracy again.
Phillip looked at Jack's slightly confused face and laughed. "I bet I know which direction this is going to take."
Tracy turning her focus toward Phillip crossed her arms across her chest and interjected, "Ok genius boy. Where am I going with this conversation?"
Phillip hunkered down on his haunches and pulled a blade of grass out of the ground. Then taking his time he stuck the end of it in his mouth. Looking up at Tracy he replied, "Well, I think that you must do a lot of reading. When you mentioned the mountains in the tone of voice you did I came to a conclusion. In just about all fantasies there are mountains, and in the mountains usually live ogres, trolls, and things like that. The heros usually have to cross the mountains at some time in the fantasies. What has happened to us is just like out of a book."
"Wow! We have a real live Sherlock Holmes in our midst," laughed Tracy. "That is exactly what I was thinking!"
Phillip still gazing up into Tracy's surprised look just could not resist. "It's elementary my dear Watson."
With a comfortable silence ensuing they each went about their tasks at hand. Tracy unloaded the horse, and tethered it down by the water with enough rope so it could crop grass, and drink water when it wanted to. Then she set about refilling the water skins. Jack and Phillip went about looking for wood along the riverbank, and also among the few trees that were around them. It took a good hour before they felt they had enough wood to have a fire throughout the night. It was easy for Jack to start the fire, as the sparks produced by the steel and flint glowed hot for a long time. While Jack was tending the fire, Tracy and Phillip were in the water attempting to scoop fish to the bank. When this failed, Tracy got her bow and arrows and was easily able to get them three large fish, which she took to Jack to fillet and cook. By the time supper was over with it was full dark, with nothing but the firelight casting its meager glow.
Tracy went back down to the river to double check on the horse tether, to make sure it was still tight while Jack built the fire higher. With Phillip taking first watch, Jack and Tracy went off to sleep. Phillip was just about ready to wake Tracy for her stand when the horse started whinnying and snorting. Phillip knew something was wrong so he immediately awoke both of them and motioned for them to be quiet. 
Each of them strained their eyes and ears into the darkness trying to find the source of the horse’s anxiety, which was now also stamping its hooves. Each of them also quietly got their weapons out and tried to prepare for the unknown. A large shadow form flew over their heads with speed enough to cause a breeze. At the same instant the horse let out a terrified squeal and pawed the air with its forelegs. Before anyone could even react the poor horse was knocked to the ground by two large creatures. 
As the teens charged toward the scene they heard a cracking sound and the horse suddenly went quiet and still. Jack raised his sword and screamed. At the sound of Jack's scream the two creatures stood and turned toward the trio. All three of them suddenly came to a halt with their first good look at the attackers. Both creatures were brown and leathery in appearance, and were making loud hissing noises at the teens. Large wings protruded from their backs and were slightly opening then closing. Two sets of glittering black eyes glowered. One of the creatures lifted an upper lip revealing pointed teeth with two prominent fangs. Then it hissed very loudly, and took a menacing step and extended two long arms that ended in very sharp claws.
Without even thinking about it, Jack resumed his charge sword held straight out from his side. Rushing between the two creatures he wielded his sword like a baseball bat, and caught the advancing one across its mid section. The creature grabbed its gut and tumbled forward while Jack spun to his left. Horrified Jack saw one giant claw coming right at his face. He ducked knowing it was too late. Out of the side of his vision he caught the sight of a silver blur, and the claw was knocked aside missing his head by mere inches. Off balance he fell to the ground, and looked up at the creature that was now towering above him. He then saw the creature backhand Phillip knocking him away. Jack looking into the monsters glittering black eyes, felt true terror for the first time in his life. His heart was hammering in his ears as the creature bent toward him. Jack pushed his fear down deep and took a better grip on his sword. The thing opened its mouth wide, and emitted a loud hiss and made a grab at Jack's sword. Jack rolled to his right far enough to where he was able to regain his footing, and turned to face the thing. Just then a gurgling sound came from its throat, to Jack it looked like the monster had grown feathers from its neck area. Then Jack saw its head snap back, and it fell over backwards not moving. When Jack looked at its prone still form he saw that there were two arrows protruding from it. One from the throat, and one from its right eye.
Feeling very relieved, Jack turned to look behind him. There stood Tracy with a third arrow knocked in her bow looking very pale and shaken. Remembering Phillip, he turned to look for him, and saw him getting up and shaking his head. He then ran to him and helped steady him. Looking Phillip over Jack did not see any blood and heaved a sigh of relief. Phillip nodded at him to let him know that he was indeed all right. Both of them walked over to Tracy, and making sure to stand off to one side gently pushed the bow and arrow down. Trembling Tracy released the tension, then walked slowly toward the downed creature. Soon Jack and Phillip joined her by the monster.
With an unsteady voice Phillip remarked, "It looks kind of like a gargoyle."
Jack wiping sweat off his forehead answered, "That has got to be the ugliest thing I have ever seen."
Tracy whispered something under her breath that they could not quite make out, but it sounded like she may have said that she was ready to go home now. They all stood around looking at it, hoping to wake up from a dream, but knowing deep down that this was no dream. There would be no sleep for them the rest of the night.
"He is the true third. The three are complete. Come, let us leave them for now." observed The Krone that had been standing far from the firelight and the fight vanished into the night.

**Fourth Day**

The morning dawned misty, with a slight chill in the air. The three teens were silent as they went about re-dividing things up to be carried among themselves. The loss of the horse last night would greatly affect the speed of their journey, as now they had to carry all of the supplies. Each of them quiet, lost in their own thoughts over what had happened the night before. They each thought it was a slight glimpse of things to come. Reality had checked in. As the mist burned away and the chill crept off, they once again headed into the rising sun.
With the morning almost gone Tracy broke her stride long enough to adjust the heavy packs that she was now carrying, along with her bow and quiver. Nobody had spoken a word all day. She knew that they would have to talk about last night's event in order to get past it. Picking up her pace slightly she caught up to Jack and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Thanks Jack."
"Thanks for what?" he replied giving her a bewildered look.
"For retrieving my arrows out of the gargoyle, that hideous thing. I... just couldn't do it." Then hesitatingly she added, "That poor horse."
She saw Jack give Phillip a side long glance before he replied, "Yes poor horse, but even more so poor Phillip, and poor us."
Tracy then also looked at Phillip, and noted the swelling on the side of his face had gone down some, but the bruise was a dilly. The only signs of discomfort he exhibited was every once in awhile he would work his jaw side to side, and grimace as he did so. In fact that was what he was doing at this very moment.
"Phillip, how are you doing? Has your headache gone away yet?"
"Well the headache is almost gone, but my jaw keeps kind of popping. Feels weird."
"I'll tell you what. Tonight if we're by any kind of water I'll put a cold rag on it. Maybe that will help it."
Jack interposed, "We need to talk about this tonight. Right now I think we should save our breath for these hills that we're in."
Blowing out a deep breath and puffing Phillip said, "Yeah, I agree. With all the extra weight we have to carry now, talking will get me out of breath pretty fast."
Tracy said nothing in return but looked to the southwest. The mountains were very close now and she shivered. They looked dark and foreboding. She was glad that it did look like they were not going to be going through them. The foothills they were in were bad enough. Since early afternoon they had been going up and down hills constantly. One thing she noted that made her happy was an increase in the number of trees. That would mean more firewood could be gathered for a bigger fire. A bigger fire meant more light, and that was a comforting thought.
As they plodded on and the sun continued its arc across the sky her legs started trying to knot up in a painful way. Her shoulders were also screaming their protests at her for being abused this way. She had to keep resettling the packs straps to find new areas to dig into. Her shadow was long in front of her when to her relief Jack called a halt. They were in a small dell with a small bubbling creek running through it.
Jack did not waste any time. He gathered a small amount of firewood that was at hand and got a fire going. Tonight it was up to Tracy and Phillip to gather the rest of the firewood. Jack after starting a small fire tended to the water skins, and rummage to find the meat and bread for dinner.
With the fire brightly blazing they ate. Then Tracy true to her word found Phillips shirt and went and soaked it in the creek and came back and placed it gently on the side of Phillip's face. 
"Thanks Trace, that feels good."
Tracy saw Phillip relax after the initial wince of pain. "No problem. When it warms up I'll go dunk it again for you. Do you guys think we will have visitors again tonight?"
Phillip with his eyes closed answered, "There's no telling. We still don't know anything about this place, what kind of creatures lives here, and in what numbers. All I can say is, I hope not."
Jack sauntered over to them and put in, "Well, we will take turns watching, and we are going to keep the fire going as big as it is right now, and not let it burn down. Hopefully that will keep things away; and if not, we will be able to see better. Phillip, do you think you are up to first watch?"
Rolling over on his elbow he replied, "Yes, I can cover first watch. Tracy, I'll wake you for second."
"All right by me. I'll get some fresh water on the shirt for your face before I lay down. You know guys; I think I am feeling a bit better. Guess it was just a form of shock that was hanging over me all day." Saying this, Tracy did find she really did feel better about their outlook.
A little later she lay down and looked up at the stars. They had never shone this bright where she lived. With the sound of Phillip's crunching footsteps as he walked around, she fell asleep.

** Creele **

With the mountains well in the west and their backs to them the teens spirits raised higher each day. There had been no other attacks nor surprises during the night hours. They were in their seventh day of the journey and were walking beside a very large lake. Its shimmering blue waters was the picture of calmness, with only slight ripples stirred by the gentle breeze breaking the lakes surface. Looking across the Lake to the south, the other shore looked to be just a thin gray smudge in the distance. It was mid morning when Jack was able to spot what had to be Creele. The closer they got to the town the more details could be made out. It certainly was a lot larger then Vermel. A large building was in the center, and the town was sprawled out about it.
By late afternoon they were standing on the bank of a river that flowed into the lake. Before them was a stone bridge that crossed the river, and from there the road entered the town. Creele looked very busy with small boats embarking and disembarking from docks. Right at the water's edge, set back from the docks was the marketplace with stalls lined side by side. 
Crossing the bridge and turning right they entered into the sights, smells, and sounds of the market. Tracy was drawn to a small stall that had colorful scarves, silver bracelets inset with unusual stones, charms, and necklaces. She let her eyes rove over everything, while a tall dark lady looked on. Picking up a scarf and running it through her fingers felt wonderful. It was soft, silky, smooth, and cool to the touch. Bringing it up to her cheek she reveled in its texture.
In stilted talk the lady behind the table said, "It come from across the sea of the hot sands that is to the north. Very pretty, is it not?"
Tracy saw Jack and Phillip looking at her. When they saw her looking both of them rolled their eyes at her. She quickly retaliated by sticking her tongue out at them.
Not knowing how much the scarf was Tracy dug out one of the coins and held it out to the lady. The lady promptly made the coin disappear into a hidden pocket. Then she gave a dismissive smile. Tracy then tied the scarf around her waist pirate style, and turned to find Jack and Phillip at a food vendor across the small street. Sighing and wondering if that is all boys ever thought about she crossed to join them.
"My, my, aren't we making a fashion statement." Jack said while grinning. Then he turned and picked up a wooden skewer that had meat and vegetables on it. Phillip, she noted had one already and was sighing in happy contentment. Whatever it was had to be good from the look on his face. The smell was heavenly and her stomach told her that it would be awful nice to have one to. Looking at the vender she pointed at one that was balanced above a small fire. As she took a bite an involuntary "ahh..." slipped from her mouth. The meat practically melted in your mouth, and was made even better by locale spices. Perfection.
"Oh God this is good." she sighed and closed her eyes in pure delight.
While she stood there slowly finishing her food, Jack asked the vendor about Roshan. She was able to over hear their conversation, as the man was loud, that Roshan lived within the walls of the fortress. After he thanked the man they walked back to the main road and turned right to go deeper into the small city.
The main road was wide and made of hard packed swept dirt. It was obvious that the locale went to pains to take care of it. What was odd was no houses fronted the main road itself. The house and shops fronted the smaller side streets that ran off the main road. This gave it a rather plain look as just the sides of buildings could be seen. Foot traffic was light going to the large wooden gates of the fortress that was set into the tall stone and mortar walls. At the gate itself they were allowed to pass with just answering the question from the guards as to what their business was. They were also given brief directions on how to find the wizard.
After passing through the gates they saw that the fortress was much larger than it looked from the outside. They entered the central building and took the stairs that lead downward. Lamps that were set in niches in the walls provided ample light, as they descended on smooth time worn stone steps. When they reached the bottom of the steps, a corridor stretched out before them with wooden doors on the left and right hand sides every so often. One large wooden door marked the end of the hallway. This is the one that Jack lifted a black wrought iron knocker. Each of them jumped at the unexpected loudness that echoed up and down the hall. When the echoes faded away the door slowly swung open revealing a dimly lit room.

** Roshan **

"Come in, come in, Travelers, and welcome to my humble abode." A disembodied voice called out.
Cautiously they entered and looked around. They could not see the owner of the voice, but they could hear someone moving about behind some cloth that must have covered the entry into a second room.
 The room was lit by candles standing here and there in various nooks and crannies and one standing on a small wooden table in the center of the room. Also on the table was the largest book they had ever seen standing open. Curiosity getting the better of them, they separated. Tracy went to one wall that was totally lined with books from top to bottom. Her fingers told her that they were bound in real leather and well cared for from the smooth touch. A baffled Jack found another table off to the side of the room. On it was a globe, sexton, microscope, and other out of place items. Phillip was staring in wonder at the items that took up another wall. Jars upon jars of powders, liquids, herbs, and unknown things, sat on shelves that lined the walls.
Just then the cloth was pulled aside and what had to have been the world's oldest man hobbled in. Tracy noted that even though he was very old, and the light was dim, his blue eyes twinkled with excitement. That, more than anything put her at ease. His hair was long and flowing, almost white, and he wore a simple brown robe.
"Ho ho, so you are real. They told me that you would be coming years ago. Told me what I needed to do to prepare." Roshan said. Then turning to look at each of them as he spoke to them. "For you Jack, I fashioned a sword made of an alloy that I created. You will find no better metal anywhere I imagine. Tracy, your bow is made from the wood of a rare tree. It is stronger and lighter than ordinary wood. It will never lose its shape or pull, no matter how long it is kept strung. Phillip, I hope you are pleased with the little gadget I made you. It is made of the same metal alloy that the sword is made from."
Roshan then let out a laugh that was surprisingly loud coming from one with such a slight body. Pulling a handkerchief from his sleeve he wiped tears from his eyes that had sprung up.
"Oh my! Please forgive me! From the looks on each of your faces you have a thousand questions."
 Then flashing a smile and making a gesture, he bade them to sit at another table that was in a corner; it had simple straight-backed wooden chairs about it. As they set down an air of expectancy filled the room. Abruptly leaving them sitting he left the room only to return a few seconds later with a tray of mugs and a pitcher. Also on the tray were finger snacks to eat. He poured a golden liquid from the pitcher all around.
"As you may have guessed I am Roshan. I hold the undeserved title of being one of this world's most powerful Mages. What I mainly am and what I love to do is tinker. I craft things. The people think that I am a wizard because I also study the sciences. Things that people do not understand take on a magical property. I also use herbs and such to create simple medicines to cure headaches, heal simple injuries, and prevent infections. But enough of me for now. I can see that you are not of this world even though you wear the clothing. That is plain enough. What would you ask of me?" 
Jack suddenly blurted out, "Yes, I do have a question. Just exactly how old are you?"
"Ow... OW! What the heck was that for?" 
Jack shot a look to either side of him as he leaned over to rub both shins.
Tracy gave Jack a searing look and hissed, "Don't you have any manners, it is impolite to ask a person's age."
Jack leaned back in his chair, "Whaaaaatttt?"
At that Phillip interjects, "Dude, not cool. So you also scored a shin kick from me."
"Look, you can't tell me that both of you are not curious. I mean come on."
Tracy looked over at Roshan, "We are so sorry."
With a smile pricking at the corners of his mouth Roshan also sat. Then squinting at Phillip for a better look he noticed the bruise and swelling on the side of Phillips face. With that observation his face grew serious.
"I see that you have met up with trouble already on the road. I fear that there is much more to come. Things will only get worse as the days pass."
Then rising, Roshan turned and disappeared behind the cloth once more into the back room. Once again he was gone only a few seconds before reappearing with a small pouch in his hands. Tossing it to Phillip who caught it deftly in one hand he said, "Here, put some of this salve on the swelling. It should take the swelling down and stop the pain quite nicely. A word of warning. It will not smell good and it may sting a bit. But you will be able to wash it off in a few moments."
With a bit of trepidation Phillip took a whiff of the contents and wrinkled his nose. He dipped a finger into the pouch and hooked out a small dab, which he carefully smeared on his cheek. The area immediately began to have a warm tingling feeling. Working his jaw experimentally side to side and up and down he found that the pain was already becoming a thing of the past.
"I'm impressed. What is this stuff?"
Shrugging Roshan replied, "Oh, just a little pain salve that I make from various roots and herbs. I am pleased to see that it works on you. Tomorrow your group shall have more to carry with you on your journey. I will also re-outfit your merry band. Tonight is for talk first, then much needed rest for all. Also each shall receive something special to aid you for the hardships to come."
Moving around the table Roshan took a seat and turned to Jack. "In answer to your pointed question, my age matters not. Just know that I am older than you can imagine." Then picking up his own mug he took a sip. "Ahhh... one of my best brews of honey tea yet. Please drink up and eat! The night is wasting and there is much to cover."

** Revealing Talk **

Soon enough all the finger foods were gone and most of the honey tea. Nobody had spoken a word while eating and drinking. A somber mood had settled over the trio in bleak anticipation of the words from Roshan to come. Each was putting a picture in their minds painted by bits and snatches of conversations they had heard of different things since their abrupt arrival in Rashnar.
By quietly clearing his throat Roshan started. "There are many planes that life does exist on. This is just one plane. You are from another. Our planes are close enough that the distance can be jumped when the circumstances are right. Ours is under attack. We do not know why the other plane is attacking. We just know that it is evil. You were brought here for two reasons. Not only to help drive the attackers back and hopefully seal the portal forever, but also as a first line of defense for your very own plane. If our world falls, yours being the next closest will surely come under attack. This is the feeling that the Shandaha and the Light Within gets from the attackers. It is here that you must make your stand if you have any hopes of a victory. It is only here that your special abilities will surface to aide you. Do not underestimate this task, if you fail, then your world will fall."
Roshan reached over to Tracy whose head was down. Gently he raised her chin and looked into her eyes. His look was so kind that the tears in her eyes started spilling over. Then he looked at Phillip's face, a face so filled with determination. Then to Jack's face that was set in stone. Dropping his hand back to the table Roshan pushed on. "Listen well, all is not lost. There is time yet remaining. But the time line has quickened so there is starting to be a need for haste. You must depart early in the morning and head south along the river to Advon. From there the river becomes big enough that you can catch a ride on a ferryboat to the port town of Rhind on the Caspar Sea. From there I do not know yet where your trek will take you. But I do know that it is to Rhind that you must go.
Leaning forward and looking directly at Roshan Jack asked, "Who is this "They" you keep talking about? Also do "They" know how we are supposed to complete what we are supposed to do? I mean seriously everyone that we have met that gives us guidance talks in riddles and says I don't know an awful lot."
"The Shandaha and The Krone are part of They. This World is also part of They. All living things are part of They. Everything plays its own part no matter how minor."
With an amused looked Phillip tossed out, "Dude, you even talk in circles. Is that taught in school here? You say everything plays a part. Okay then what about plants?"
"You doubt that plants play a part? How so? Have you not used grass and wood for fire? Is Tracy's bow and arrows not made of wood? Is not Jack's sword and your staff made of metal from the world? The clothes that you are wearing even now are not made from animals and plant life? Small parts yes, but a part indeed."
Chided, Phillip hung his head. "I'm sorry. I did not think. Where we come from those things are taken for granted. I never thought of it that way."
"No matter Phillip. Each of you still has much to learn." 

** The Gift **

Taking in a deep breath and exhaling loudly Roshan stretched out one hand toward Tracy and his other to Phillip. When the teens looked at his out stretched hands blankly he wriggled his fingers. "Come come, take my hands and take Jacks hands in each of yours. It is time to receive one of your gifts."
Hesitantly they took each other hands. When the circle completed once again they felt a small jolt like they had before. But this time stronger. Wincing they involuntarily tightened their grips so as not to break contact.
Closing his eyes Roshan started breathing in deeply and exhaling slowly. This he repeated several times. "Now, relax and empty your minds. There is nothing and yet there is everything. Relax and breathe. Now let your minds drift and flow free. You... are... one. You are one with each other. You are one with the World. You... are... one. You are one with each other. You are one with the World. You... are... one."
With a strong shudder, and breathing heavily Roshan broke contact.
Tracy opened her eyes and glanced at Roshan. "Roshan are you all right? You look worn out."
Roshan smiled weakly and made a shooing motion with his hands. "I am fine. Just getting a bit long in the tooth for that much pulling."
Jack letting go of Phillip and Tracy's hands shook his head. "I do not know what happened or if anything really did happen. I don't feel any different. Do any of you guys?"
Both Phillip and Tracy shook their heads.
Chuckling Roshan spoke, "You do not feel it now, no. But you will. When you need it you will. Then in the time of your direst need you will be able to call on it. You will see much too soon I am afraid. But in the mean time it is late and I am tired. My guest room is just out the door to the left. All the necessities are in it. I hope you feel comfortable. Good night."
With that Rashnar stood, turned and went behind the piece of hanging cloth leaving the teens alone. With bemused expressions the teens not knowing what else to do got up and went out to check their room.

** Morning and Good Byes **

Once inside the room they saw that it was much like the rooms they had seen before. Mostly bare but functional and comfortable. They did note the fact that there were exactly three wash basins, three chairs, and three small cot type beds.
"One word, odd, weird, strange. That "gift" tonight was a bunch of hooey."
"Jack that was three words," Tracy said. "Besides I like him. Even if tonight's gift was a bust, the gifts he crafted us are pretty awesome."
"I liked him also but Jack is right. He is one strange dude. I mean how many times did he just jump up and go behind that curtain? Just poof!"
Walking over to one of the wash basins Jack called back over his shoulder, "I'm going to wash up then hit the rack. I am beat. To tired to even think over what all he talked about."
After washing up and turning around he saw that he may have been talking to himself. Incredibly Phillip and Tracy were already out like a light. Sighing Jack lay down and was asleep even as his head hit the rough pillow.
The knocking at the door came too soon. Hadn't they just lay down a few moments ago? Pulling themselves out of bed they stretched twisted and turned to iron out the kinks in their bodies from the night. Going to the door and opening it Jack found Roshan in the hall. Jack mused that Roshan had to go to the bathroom, was excited about something, or was in a hurry. He was just about hopping from one foot to the other and was rubbing his hands together. Jack could not help but smile.
"Rise and Shine, yes - yes Rise and shine, day light is already burning," Roshan chirped. "Please come upstairs to the outside once you are ready. Hurry - hurry please." With that Roshan turned and disappeared off down the hall.
A few moments later they emerged blinking at the already bright early morning sun. Roshan was standing proudly beside a fine looking chestnut colored horse. It was already laden with packs and pouches. Tracy noted a good supply of arrows exactly like the ones that she already possessed.
Roshan gently stroked the horse's muzzle and beckoned them to come closer. Tracy went and stood beside Roshan and stroked the horse's neck. The horse gave a small whicker of hello. When all had gathered around Roshan stated that he had a few things to say before they departed.
"This is Rush. He is my personal favorite. He is gentle but can be a valiant fighter when need be. Please take good care of him and he will serve you well. I have taken care to load him with any supplies that I could think that you will need. There is the pain salve along with a healing salve. Dried meats, fruit bread, blankets, water skins, and extra clothing. As you will be following the river you will not need the skins for now. Oh, there is also a dagger that I picked up from somewhere at some point in time. It will come in handy for many uses. I also threw in some extra tid bits just in case."
Roshan said all that while looking lovingly at Rush and still stroking his nose. He then turned and looked at the small band. He had a wistfully sad look on his face.
"Tracy my Dear, your bow is strong. It can be used for more than just shooting the arrows. Learn to use it also as a weapon itself. I bid you to start practicing with it in ways that you are not used to. Practice strikes, parries, and jabs. Also take time each day to hone your shooting skills."
Just then Rush bent his head down and nuzzled Tracy.
"I see that Rush has already taken to you. So, I charge you with his care. Tracy, there is more to you than you know. Go softly, go gently, but go like a Lioness."
Then turning to Phillip and putting his hand on his shoulder.
"Phillip, your waters run deep and your understanding of different ways will serve this group well. There well may be times when you will have to be the anchor. Trust yourself and trust your instincts."
Then in turn he looked at Jack.
"Ahhh, Jack. Things weigh upon you. You must learn to rise above all matters. You have the heart of a warrior, but your head is hot. I heed you to listen to the advice of Phillip and Tracy. A strong word of caution, you must learn to control your anger. If you do not do this in time it will cost you dearly. Put your heart and your mind together as one."
Then stepping back Roshan handed the tether rope over to Tracy and took them all in his eyes.
"Your journey has now only just begun. Learn to work together, learn to work as one. That is the way. Just as in all things each of you has a part to play. Each of you must practice each day. Each of you also needs to meditate together. It will grow your bond and strengthen you. It will slow your progress, but it is important."
Then stepping away from them a bit more he sighed and gave a slight smile.
"Go now, and may The Light Within guide you well."
Just before they turned to go, Tracy ran to Roshan and hugged him and tenderly kissed him on the cheek.
"Thank You Roshan for what you have done for us. We will miss you."
Setting their backs to Roshan they and Rush started a new leg of their journey.

Chapter 7: Southerly Directions

** On the Road Again **

With Creele a distant dark speck and the Great Lake a tint of blue in the distance they broke for a light lunch. They had been making good time and were enjoying the sunshine with the songs of different birds in the air. The small river a constant comfort marking their way.
After lunch they took time out for practice. Phillip took Tracy's bow for a few moments to get used to its balance. Then he started demonstrating to Tracy how it could similarly be used like his staff. She learned quickly and was soon practicing mock blocks and strikes. He also showed Jack some techniques. In this way they would start each day's session. Then each of them would practice on their own for a bit and finish by sparring with each other. It was decided that one hour each day would be dedicated to this. Following practice would be time for meditating.
For meditation they kneeled and sat back on their heels; kneeling in a circle formation close enough to have their knees touching. A problem soon arose with Jack determining that it was a waste of time for him and rose to get in more sword practice. His line of thought was he was needed as a fighter, not a thinker. Both Tracy and Phillip tried to convince him that a balance was needed but he would have none of it. The meditation period was to take between half an hour to an hour.
With the first days sun starting to set they went into a now familiar routine from before. Tracy would take care of Rush, unburdening him and currying him. Then she would tether him next to the water so he could drink and crop grass and grains as he needed. Jack and Phillip gathered the firewood needed for the night. Thankfully beside the small river there were plenty of trees so this was easily done. After a good fire was going it was time to relax and eat.
Darkness fell soon after dinner. Jack was sitting cross-legged staring into the fire and tossing twigs in. The frown on his face was evident that he was not happy about something. "We did not make much headway today at all. It is going to take us forever to get to Advon, much less Rhind."
With the firelight dancing in her jet-black hair Tracy looked over at Jack but said nothing. Phillip's dark eyes glinted in the firelight. "Dude, the practice and meditation is something we have to do. Roshan specifically instructed us to take the time everyday to practice and meditate. He did say it would slow us down, but he said it was important. Maybe if we walked faster it would help add some distance."
Dejectedly throwing another stick in the fire Jack sighed. "I guess so. Tomorrow we will walk a bit faster. I'll also try to join you and Tracy for meditation at least every few days."
Tracy then stood up and brushed herself off. "Well I am going to see to Rush. Then I am going to get some sleep. If we are going to be walking any faster I need it." Smiling she left the circle of firelight and headed toward the river and Rush.
"Jack, I'll take first watch and wake Tracy for second." That sound good to you?"
"Fine by me. I'm used to the early rising and I enjoy watching the sun come up." Stretching Jack rose and went to his blanket. With the soft sounds of the night he lay down and went to sleep.
Phillip walked quietly down to the river and there found Tracy petting Rush. "Trace, you need to get some sleep. I'm taking first watch and you will be second."
"I'm worried about Jack." 
"He'll be fine, you'll see. He is just working through this. I mean to me it looks like everyone is expecting him to lead our group. That is a lot of responsibility. We'll just keep an eye on him and help him when he needs it. Now you go get some shut eye."
Turning she gave Phillip a smile that was not lost in the moonlight. "Good night Phillip."
Alone, Phillip looked at Rush and a hint of a smile touched his eyes. Reaching out he stroked Rush's nuzzle. "Hey, you need to get some sleep to." Snickering that he had talked to a horse Phillip softly returned to the fire.

** A Hint of Trouble **

On the third day late in the afternoon they came across an older gentleman heading north toward Creele. He had a good-sized pack on his pack. He called out to them in passing.
"You, young folk. If ye knew what was good for ye you would be turning round."
The group halted and a curious Jack asked, "Why?"
"Why? There be big trouble brewing to the south of Advon. I'm hearing tales of monsters flying and walking the land down near Rhind. Since I am a traveling man anyways, I figure now is a good time to pull up stakes and head away."
"So you have actually seen nothing? Just heard?"
"Thats right. But I am slow going, so I figure if I move now I will have time if it is true to be clear."
"How far to Advon?"
"If ye comin from Creele you'll be about halfway. But if ye know what's best, turn around. If not, then good luck and good day." With that the elderly man hitched up his burden and started toddling off.
Scratching his head Phillip watched him go for a moment till he felt he was out of earshot.
"This land sure does have more than its fair share of odd ducks. But what worries me is this is the second account that we have heard like this. Where there is smoke, there is fire."
Jack also watching after the man took in a deep breath. "Hey guys, what do you say to us not stopping the practice sessions, but cutting the time back some. I have the feeling that we need to pick the pace up a little faster."
Without even realizing it they all nodded in agreement, even Rush joined in by snorting and pawing at the ground.
Later in the day Jack spotted a patch of Danga plants, which gave him an idea. Halting the group he went and got one of the blankets from off of Rush. Then holding it out in front of himself he opened it up and slowly approached the plants. Sure enough as he got close he started hearing soft snicks as thorns started hitting the blanket. Pushing slightly closer it sounded like hundreds of tiny rain drops. When he noticed a wetness bleeding through the blanket he dropped back to safety and laid it on the ground.
"Tracy, can you get all your arrows, including the ones that Rush has got. Then divide them in half. We are going to tip half your arrows in the Danga poison. The un-poisoned ones will be carried by Rush for hunting food if needed."
Tracy bit her lower lip and scowled. "Jack, I really do not feel comfortable poisoning my arrows. They could get mixed up or worse."
Irritably Jack shot back, "Well at least let me do the ones in your quiver. We will mark them with waxberries so we can tell the difference.
Sighing Tracy dropped her quiver by Jack who methodically started rubbing the arrowheads on the wet part of the blanket. Then with that done he set the arrows aside to dry and carefully lifted the blanket and carried it to the river to soak the poison out.
Phillip noted that the sun was starting to go down so he went ahead and started collecting firewood for the night. He had the same concerns that Tracy had, but had held his tongue. He hoped that it would not come back to haunt him.
Unseen by any of them the Krone shook their heads with disapproval. "They must learn to be as one soon or all is lost."

** Foreboding **

Traveling the next two days went with nothing happening. The skies remaining clear with the off color blue. The birds chirped and sung. The insects buzzed. All seemed to be right with the world. Also on a good note Jack had started joining Phillip and Tracy in meditation for longer periods of time. When all three were in the circle and breathing slowed they could almost feel each other's heart beat. A new development occurred. Each started catching glimpses of things inside. Two common things they shared was a vision of hazy smoke and one of Tracy's arrows frozen in flight with a red haze surrounding it. Beside that, each saw their own visions. They tried to discuss them but since they did not know the meanings of what they saw it was useless. The one thing they did know was what they were seeing around them was a lie. All was not right with the world. They were heading toward trouble with a capital T.

** Advon **

They could see that Advon had once been a joyful happy town. The river was much wider here allowing for larger boats. They stood empty at the deserted docks. Very few people walked about in the market area and most home's doors were shut. The people that they did see were always looking about as if scared of something. There was no calling out from the few places that seemed to be open. The townspeople spoke in hushed whispers and would shy away at their approach.
Reaching a small building that was by the docks Jack knocked on the door. It was opened immediately by a burly man who quickly pulled them inside and shut the door behind them.
Snorting and a bit miffed at the handling by the man, Jack asked, "What is going on here?"
"Bad things are happening. The people of Advon that are left are scared. It started about a week ago. People, good friends, disappearing in the night. Nobody knows what is going on. Just that when you wake up in the morning more are missing. You have arrived just in time because those of us left are leaving this very day for Creele."
Surprised Jack asked, "You have been waiting for us? How did you know we were coming?"
"The Krone was here a few weeks back and paid for your passage. But things have changed. No one is going to ferry you. You will have to do it yourselves. Just take the ferryboat at the very end of the dock. Use the poles and the current. It is easy once you get the hang of it. Once out of the shallows you just drift. To get back to shore use the paddles. Now please I must go." 
With that last word he picked up a parcel that had been laid beside the door and went hurriedly out. The teens followed him and looked after him. They saw a group of about a dozen people gather on the road with a few carts. Very quickly the carts were loaded and the horses pulling them switched to get them moving. The man that had spoken to them suddenly stopped and stomped his foot on the dusty road in frustration. He came running back to them. 
"I almost forgot to tell you. You will also find some provisions for your trip back in the building you were just in. Just grab what you think you will need."
Jack opened his mouth to say something but the man had already turned and ran back to the small group.
Stunned by the quickness of the event the teens stood in the road and watched as the small group headed north. They listened to the creaking of the carts and the horse's muted footfalls, but all too soon an eerie silence hung about them.
"Geesh, I got goose bumps." breathed Tracy as she vigorously started rubbing the backs of her arms.
"Wanna look around?" Jack asked. He was met by two incredulous looks that sprang into both Phillip's and Tracy's faces. "I take that as a No."
"What we need to do is first look over that ferry boat to see if it really is up to the job. We need to also check the supplies left for us. I mean we still have some of our own, but more would not hurt." Phillip put in. 
Jack looked up at the suns position. "We also need to decide if we leave now or we stay the night."
"I vote we leave as soon as possible. This ghost town gives me the creeps." stated Tracy.
"I'm there with Trace." came from a nodding Phillip.
"All righty then, lets go check out our ride."
They left Rush tethered by the front of the building, and then they walked out onto the dock. Their feet made hollow knocking sounds as they walked along. Reaching the ferryboat Jack walked across a wide plank and scouted it out. It was a good size that would hold all of them including Rush with ease. Flat bottomed for stability with a level deck that had a small square room that sat in the middle. Behind the small room there was a hatch that when opened revealed a small empty storage area. The oars and paddles were along the sides. Jack nodded with satisfaction. Looking up he saw a worried expression on Tracy's face.
"I can't swim and I do not see any life jackets or anything that this world would use for that."
Shading his eyes and looking down river Jack took in the situation. "Tracy, the boat is stable and the river looks smooth and slow. Just be careful when poling. Besides I'm a great swimmer even if you do fall in."
"Hardy har har Jack." said Tracy with a touch of snideness.
Back inside the building they saw that there was not much in the way of supplies left. Boxed breadfruits and dried meats were the most of it. There was also lengths of rope. They quickly loaded everything from the building into the small storage hold. Unloading Rush they also stored their own gear. Tracy worried about Rush grabbed his lead. Hoping for the best she walked out onto the dock. There was no need to worry as Rush walked out as if he owned it and crossed the gangplank onto the boat with no problem. He even calmly walked himself and stood right in front of the small room.
Smiling with relief Tracy said, "I guess Rush has done this before. That means he has done this more than me."
An amused Jack picked up one of the poles and Phillip another. Tracy cautiously approached the side and undid the line that held the boat to the dock. Just in time Phillip remembered the gangway, dropping his pole he was able to grab and hold on. It took all three of them to haul it aboard.
"Whew, that was close. Would have been a bear to get on and off this tub with out the gangway." Phillip remarked as he returned to the pole.
Grunting with some effort Jack and Phillip both shoved against the bottom of the river. Slowly they moved away from the dock. The gentle current caught them and they started drifting down the river.

** On the River **

It turned out that the man that had told them that it was easy was both right and wrong. Drifting with the current was easy. But the teens found out changing direction of a semi large flat-bottomed boat with just a few oars took time and a lot of energy. If they knew the river it would have been easier because they would have known when to start changing direction to hit a good landing spot. Poling was no piece of cake either. More than once Jack and Phillip both almost lost their poles. The poles seemed determined to stick to the bottom and let the boat run over them as it drifted about. At last when they were in the middle of the river they put the poles down and started to relax a bit.
A gentle breeze quickly cooled and dried the sweat they had worked up. The boys could not help but smile when they noticed Tracy peering unhappily out of the cut out openings of the small shack room. When she noticed them grinning at her she glared and dropped down out of sight.
After an hour or so Tracy emerged and daintily walked to the front of the boat and joined the rest. Cautiously she sat well back from the edge.
Glancing back at her Jack let her know, "You do know that you are not going to capsize this thing. You are perfectly safe. Just try relaxing a bit and enjoy the view."
"That's what brought me out here. I couldn't see a thing sitting on the floor in there. I could get used to this but still prefer dry land under my feet."
A comfortable silence developed as each looked around. Graceful birds could be seen skimming the surface of the water. Every once in a while a silvery fish would break the surface in an arced jump to come back down with a splash. The trees on the shore slid slowly past.
"Sun is going to start going down in a bit. Do we keep going on the river or do we try to land this thing and go ashore for the night?"
Phillip considered the question for a moment then replied, "I think we should keep going Jack. We will have moonlight to see by. We haven't seen any other boats or anything else to run into. So why don't we just set watches like normal and keep going."
Jack looked over at Tracy.
"Does not matter to me one way or the other." She said with a shrug. "Can't this thing stay straight though? We're sideways now and a little bit ago we were getting nice looks of where we have already been."
Grinning Jack stretched out. "We could keep it straight. But that would mean that we would have to continuously use the oars. That would get tiring."
"I guess this slow spinning is ok then. I will be much happier when we get to Rhind and I can keep my nose pointing forward."
"Would you like a little cheese with that whine?" laughed Jack as he rolled out of the way when Tracy tried to smack him.
"You just wait Jack, paybacks going to be a .."
Phillip sprung to his feet and started for the storage compartment. "Speaking of cheese let's eat. I'm starved!" 
Realizing that they were also very hungry Jack and Tracy quickly followed. Before Tracy herself ate she got Rush his feed bag and gave it to him. "Don't worry Rush, we will go ashore tomorrow so you can get a proper meal."
With the coming darkness the normal watches were set. Tracy lay down in the little shack and Jack stretched out on the deck. Rolling over on his back Jack watched the stars come out. Stars that were different than home, but yet the same. For one thing it looked like there were a lot more of them. Thousands of tiny pinpricks against a black backdrop. Sighing he closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Phillip found himself restlessly padding back and forth like a cat along the deck. Mainly he watched forward keeping an eye out for things they may run into but the river remained clear. Something in his gut told him that soon there would be problems. The moon was up but being only half full the light it provided was not much. He was able to make out the shoreline but detail was lost. Time passed and when he felt himself getting sleepy he went and gently shook Tracy awake for her stint. He lay down where Tracy had been unsure he would be able to sleep even though he was tired. He had nothing to worry about because the sandman quickly stole him away.
Tracy wanted to stay by Rush and stroke his soft nose but she knew that horses needed sleep just like people. So she stayed close to the shack well back from the edges. Of course her imagination soon took hold. Dim tree outlines on the shore became an army of goblins watching them. Fish plopping in the water became slimy creatures swimming toward them. One time she about screamed and jumped out of her skin when Rush nuzzled her. Biting her tongue she spun to give Rush a look. Rush whickered and bobbed his head up and down. "So you thought that was funny did you?" she whispered. Rush once again bobbed his head up and down. "Well just for that you can stay up with me and help me watch." Properly chastised Rush ducked his head. "Its ok. I'm not mad." Reaching up Tracy put her arms around his neck and gave him a hug. After what seemed a long time Tracy's eyelids started growing heavy. That was her signal to go wake Jack for his turn. After she woke Jack she crawled into the small shack careful not to wake Phillip. There was no way she was going to sleep out on deck. It would be her luck she would roll a few times and wind up in the water.
The sky was just starting to lighten when a small breeze picked up. The breeze felt good and it gently played in his hair. Breathing in deeply Jack realized something. The breeze was bringing a slight tang of smoke with it. It was coming from somewhere upstream. He hoped that it was cooking fires and wished for a bit more light to see by. As the sun struggled a bit higher he got his wish.

Chapter 8: Rhind

** Smoke and Haze **

"Wake up!" Jack hissed. "Something's wrong!"
With a start Phillip and Tracy leapt to their feet quickly coming wide-awake. Looking about they spotted Jack on the downstream side of the boat and went to stand beside him. He pointed downstream. In the weak very early morning light they could barely make out a line of haze in the distance. Then they also noticed the acrid tang of smoke in the air.
"Way to much smoke for cooking fires." Jack remarked. "I think we need to grab up the oars and get to shore as quick as we can. I do not want us drifting into a possibly dangerous situation."
Even with all three of them with oars pulling toward shore it took a lot of effort to get out of the main flow. Finally they reached poling depth. Even so after they were still taken around a sharp bend the current suddenly picked up and drove them back across the river. Pushing with the current they picked up speed and managed to run it a ground close to the shore.
Clucking Phillip noted that it would be to far for the gangplank to be used. "Well, looks like we're going to get wet. But we should be able to keep the supplies dry by carrying them over our heads."
Jack slid overboard first and involuntarily clinched his teeth against the waters coldness. Phillip followed and held up his arms to Tracy to take the first package. Working together all the supplies were soon safe and dry on shore. Tracy then slid daintily into the water and waded to shore bringing the tie line with her.
Rush looked at the teens with what could be an amused look in his eyes. With a toss of his head he easily made the jump and did not even get so much as a hoof wet. Once on shore he let out a whicker that sounded strangely like laughter.
Tracy snorted and patted his neck. "Show off."
Taking the tie line from her Phillip secured the ferryboat to a tree so it would not drift down stream and possibly alert someone or something to their presence. Snagging some dried meat from one of the pouches they had a light breakfast while Rush hungrily cropped. With that done, they loaded Rush with all the supplies and tied the supplies up with a slipknot that could easily be grabbed and pulled loose.
They quickly decided that they would stick to the shoreline as it had plenty of trees that could be used for cover. They had a better chance of coming up on Rhind unseen doing that. If they were lucky they would be able to watch safely from a distance.
At the much slower pace it took a few hours before they could finally catch glimpses of what had to be Rhind. It did not look good but they needed to be closer. The sun continued to rise as they continued their journey.

** Rhind **

As the sun reached its midpoint they drew close enough that they could see how bad the damage really was. Many of the town buildings were nothing but smoking skeletons sitting on a bed of ashes. The outlying homes did fare better, with a few looking to be untouched. The packed dirt streets were littered with over-turned carts, foodstuffs, and any sort of items that had been tossed out of the buildings. They were not fire experts but best guesses placed the event at yesterday or day before yesterday. If it had of been last night they should have been able to see a red glare in the night sky.
Moving cautiously they stayed as close to the trees that lined the river as possible. Rush was stepping lightly; his ears pricked up and turned toward Rhind. His muscles taunt. They did not know if it was due to the smell of smoke or if he sensed whoever did this was still about. Reaching the last copse of trees they stopped. It was not much cover but it was better than nothing. They decided to wait under the trees for a bit to see if anything moved or made a sound.
Time passed and the only sound that would come would be the occasional snapping followed by a crunch as burnt timbers would give into gravity and fall. The only movement was from tendrils of smoke drifting with the slight breeze. A heavy sadness could almost be felt in the air. They had never been there but they could tell that Rhind used to be a bustling busy port town full of life and activity. If they closed their eyes they could almost hear it come to life with the noise of flourishing businesses and the hum of people living. But now Rhind was gone. Rhind was dead.
Suddenly a movement caught their eyes. A lone figure staggered from the doorway of one of the damaged but not destroyed homes. It was a man; his clothing was so tattered they were barely hanging onto him. He looked to be bloodied and very badly beaten. Tracy started to run to him but Jack put his hand on her shoulder and gave a slight shake of his head. As the man reached the middle of the street he stopped and turned in a circle. Looking all about, he then put both his hands over his face and dropped to his knees sobbing. That did it. Tracy shook off Jacks restraining hand and raced toward the man.

** Skirmish **

Before Tracy could reach him other figures suddenly poured out of the house and other homes. They looked like people but were not. The eyes were much larger and they had brownish leathery tough looking skin. They also had large pointed teeth and claws. The worse news is that most of them were armed with swords and clubs. When Tracy saw what was happening she came to a skidding halt. 
"Oh crap..." She started easing backwards while reaching behind her for an arrow. There were about a dozen or so of the hideous beings. The things put their noses in the air as if scenting Tracy.
Jack seeing this quickly reacted and let loose the knot that held their supplies on Rush's broad back. Rush upon being freed sprung into action and charged toward Tracy. Jack and Phillip pulled their weapons and followed in Rush's thundering hoof beats path.
The things suddenly sprang into action and started moving quickly forward while hissing loudly. There was no doubt a fight was coming.
"Get behind us Tracy!" Jack shouted as Rush flew by Tracy. Tracy turned and raced back to give herself precious room for her arrows to work while Jack and Phillip closed the distance on their attackers. Rush broke through the line and sent a few of the things sprawling like bowling pins. Then he spun around and reared, his mighty hooves pawing the air and striking those close by. Making angry neighing sounds Rush was a whirlwind of devastation. This proved to be enough of a distraction that Jack and Phillip were able to join the battle that was unfolding.
Phillip was holding nothing back this time as he had with the Krone. This was life or death. Using his staff he was blocking sword strikes and dealing crushing head blows. Using leg sweeps he would take his attacker down and finish them by driving his staff home into the eyes. Spinning roundhouse kicks to the temple and finger strikes to the throat Phillip stayed a blur of motion. His yells were always followed by a grunt and a thud as his foes fell.
The sound of ringing steel and the sight of flying sparks followed Jack wherever he went. Steel on steel. His own sword seemed to take on a light of its own as it flashed in the bright sunlight. His lips were drawn back from his teeth and his eyes burning he battled on. Blood fell like rain.
Tracy, her eyes cold and calculating let arrow after arrow fly, each striking home. Silent with no warning they would strike and pierce deeply with the same result. Death in flight.
Two of the flying gargoyle type creatures appeared from above and dove toward the fight. Poor things did not stand a chance as Tracy saw them. They hit the ground in a useless crumpled mass, each with an arrow projecting from its throat.
Screaming and with sword held out to his side Jack turned slowly in a circle. His breath coming in ragged draws he saw that the only things standing was Rush and his friends. He bent down and ripped a shirt off one of the creatures and used it to clean his sword before resheathing it.
Phillip, also breathing heavy, triggered his staff and put it away. He started walking about and pulling Tracy's arrows. A few had penetrated so deeply he had to put his foot on the thing to pull it loose. He had to fight the bile back down those times. But he felt sure that every one of them would be needed in the near future.
Tracy slowly approached. Her eyes filling with tears as she looked at the carnage that lay around her in the settling dust. She tried her best to hold it in but she bent over and lost what little food she had inside her. Rush, his coat dark with sweat and flecked with foam came to her and nuzzled her.
It was over for now. From start to finish it had taken not even ten minutes. The time that it would take to microwave a dinner.
Tracy suddenly remembered why she had broken from the cover of the trees in the first place. Looking around she spotted the fallen man and ran over to him and knelt at his side. He was face down in the dirt. Even looking at his back she knew he was in bad shape from his torn clothing and blood. With a feeling of dread she carefully rolled him over. The man's blank eyes stared sightlessly up into the sky. He was dead. Her tears toppled her cheeks and fell on the man's cheeks cutting clean rivulets in his grime covered face. Two shadows pooled next to her and she looked up at Jack and Phillip. Jack's face was set in stone his anger still reflected there. Phillip's look was one of compassion.
"Why? Why are we doing this? We are supposed to save this world and our own and we cannot even save this one man!" Tracy wailed sobs racking her body.
Hunkering down Phillip extended one arm and put it around Tracy. "I think it was a trap. He was the bait. He was beaten so badly that he would not have lived anyway. I'm so sorry Trace."
At the mention of the word trap Jack squatted down to bring himself eye level to Phillip. "I had that feeling to. But if it really was a trap that would mean that something or someone knows what we are here for. Something that does not want us to do what we were brought here for."

** The Arrow Flies **

Still covered in the creatures blood, Jack suddenly felt as if he was being watched and stood. Turning suddenly, with sword ready, he saw a dark robed figure standing in the middle of the road. The figure was blocking the way to the sea dock. Walking warily he edged closer to whatever it was. A cold feeling was building, working its way into his gut. Licking his lips he tried to call out to the others, nothing came out except a harsh cough like sound. Swallowing deeply he took a few steps back. Doing that seemed to ease the tight imaginary bands that seemed to be squeezing his chest. He thought of Phillip and Tracy and like magic they were there at his side.
Together they walked a bit closer. The nearer they drew, the thicker the air seemed to get. The dark robed one made no move nor sound.
"W.. w.. hat is it?" Tracy managed to get out.
"Its just a man Trace. He is just trying to get into our heads and mess with us."
Tracy looked over at Phillip with true fear in her eyes. "He doesn't have a face Phillip, he's got no face!"
Looking back at Tracy Phillip looked deep into her eyes. "Yes he does Trace. The cowl, his hood is just hiding it. Just keep looking in my eyes. Believe me Trace, it's a man."
"You shall not pass. Your journey is at an end." The voice was deep and resonating. "I will let you live out what days you have left if you turn now and go back to Creele or whatever other little town you desire. But you shall come no further."
During this exchange Jack had his eyes closed going deep within himself. Opening his eyes Jack asked, "Who are you?"
"I am Dashan, and Phillip, I am much more than just a man."
Stepping back a few more steps once again eased the feeling of dread and fear and lightened the air somewhat for Phillip. 
Phillip looked closer at the figure, his eyes trying to pierce the darkness of the area where the face should have been. "Why? Why are you doing all this to the world and its people?"
"I for myself am not doing it. I am just a servant of the Shaye who in turn serves Terah their God. In time all worlds will serve Terah. It is an age-old system of many worlds. War as conquest. Conquest is power. Terah just takes it on a much grander scale. The inhabitants of the new world are taken to the previous world. There they are broken and trained as slaves. When the process is fully complete they are brought back to their world to help against those remaining. Those that resist are outright killed. We will not rest until all are converted. Then the world is ours to use as Terah sees fit. When Terah feels it is time he creates another portal to the next world and an Ambassador youth is chosen and taken to be trained. When the youth is completely trained and reaches his or hers full potential the gateway is opened again and the reign of Terah starts on the new world with the Ambassador at its head. I was taken from this world when very young to serve that purpose. So now, here I am."
Anger stirring inside of Jack spurred him. "If all resisters are killed then why are you allowing us to live?"
"Terah foresaw you three being here from the next world. But a shadow is drawn over you so even he cannot see all. So he is curious. Who knows, perhaps one of you three will be chosen for your worlds Ambassador."
"Not on your life!" Jacks anger swelled into rage. With a warriors cry Jack started running at the figure. He drew his sword back over his head as if to cleave his obstacle in half. Jack almost reached his goal, almost. But with a slight flick of the dark ones hand he found himself flying off into a storefront hitting hard enough to splinter the wood. Stunned Jack lay still.
"I will give each of you this last chance to turn aside. I am a true mage - a very powerful one at that. If I wish I can call the air away from you and leave you choking, or even call the lightning from the sky to strike you down. You are nothing."
"We will just have to see about that dude. We were called here for a reason and we aim to complete our task. You and your army may as well pack your bags and go back to your home. This world belongs to its people."
Laughing the shadows in the robe mocked, "Are you talking about the Shandaha Phillip? I feel that it is weak and almost dead. It to is nothing." 
Calmly and looking at Dashan Phillip triggered the button on his rod calling it into his staff. Then slowly advancing he started it to spinning. "Go home old man." Closing the distance Phillips hands became a blur as the speed of the spinning staff started making a keening sound. "I said go home old man."
The dark figure took one halting step back as if unsure of himself. Then chuckling he raised one hand to the sky and closed a fist. A bolt of lightning flew down. Phillip did not even flinch, with a slight motion his spinning staff deflected the lightning away. Focusing Phillip went closer yet. Once again the dark man raised his hand toward the sky. This time, holding it a bit before closing it into a fist, a blinding bolt flashed down. To Jack it looked like Phillip caught the lightning with his staff which set it blazing. Phillip spun around holding his staff out and swinging it. When he had completed his circle the lightning flew from its tip and arced back at Dashan. Dashan used a flat palm to deflect the lightning away from himself.
With a shout Jack was back on his feet. Picking up his sword he once again started to charge.
Dashan said, "I grow weary of this little game. It is time to end it." With that the dark man held out both hands toward them and closed his fists. The reaction of Phillip and Jack took a few seconds but both fell to their knees and started choking. Jack dropped his sword and Phillip his staff. Bringing their hands to their throats and working their mouths like fish out of water. Then each went face down in the dirt of the road.
"NNNOoooooo..." shouted a forgotten Tracy. "Please let my arrow fly true," she whispered as she released it. 
Hearing Tracy he released Jack and Phillip just in time to turn and open his palms out and make a pushing motion.
"Oh." Tracy managed to get out. She looked down and saw that her arrow had pierced deeply into her chest. Confused she looked back up. She saw Jack and Phillip struggling to their feet. Touching the arrow she took a few staggering steps. With tears of sadness in her eyes knowing that she could not help the boys any more she fell.
"TRACY!!!" Both Jack and Phillip cried out in horror. Phillip reached her first and cradled her head in his lap and started stroking her hair. Jack let his sword drop and knelt down beside them.
"Tracy girl, hang in there. I'll go get the healing salve. Just hang in there."
"You fool. That salve cannot save her. Even now her lifeblood and force is coming to an end. Jack, you even played a part. The Danga plant poison will surely finish her if the wound does not." The robed figure had drawn beside them without their notice. "I tell you what. I am feeling generous right now so I will offer you a deal. Refuse and not only will she die, but you and Phillip will to. Right here, right now. My deal is this. I will send you home to your plane. In doing so I will also heal Tracy."
At hearing the word home Jack and Phillip looked up into the shadows where the face should have been.
"Ahhh... I see that I have your attention. Good... good. To make the deal even sweeter I will also give you this promise. We will not attack your plane of existence in your lifetime. Maybe not even in your children's life time."
As Jack looked up Phillip looked back down at Tracy's closed eyes and the ever-growing pool of her blood. Both could almost feel Dashan smiling.
"Come come... what say you?"


 
COMING SOON:

Krae! Krae is the second and more than likely the final book in the Kantura World series. Hopefully it will tie up all the loose ends into a nice pretty bow. Do not worry, I will not leave Jack, Phillip, and poor Tracy to suffer theirs fates alone. Will Tracey live or die? That at the time of this writing I do not know. They have not told me yet and the Shandaha is strangely silent at this time. Krae, coming around mid/end of July 2011, Krae will be priced at $2.99.

** Special Thanks **

A huge Thank You needs to go out to my middle son Christopher M. Yelverton. If you enjoyed reading this book you also need to thank him. Without him spurring me on you would have never known of the plane of existence that Rashnar is in. You never would have met the head strong Jack, the think on his feet Phillip, or the kind and caring Tracy. He was a proofreader, cheerleader, and an idea creator all rolled into one. So Thank You Chris. Hopefully one day he will also be Co-Author to me or maybe even write his own books. He has it in him; he just has not figured that out yet.

I would also like to Thank my wife Penny. She also proofread and caught some amusing typos that both Chris and I over looked. With out her, poor Stacey would have chewing on a piece of gun instead of gum. Not a pretty site. LOL! Even though Fantasy is not her "thing" she read it start to finish and pointed out a lot!

Thank You to Peggy Hughes. With out this lady the book would have been chalk full of grammatical errors and improper word usage. She also came up with some interesting ideas to bring out certain aspects of some plots. She also pointed out omissions and picked up on plot drops. This lady put a lot of hard work into this book. So Thank You!

Last but certainly not least is Barbara Wilson and her hubby Chip. Constant emails and support from them helped keep me motivated to get it done. Barbara and Chip, sorry about the ending of this book. I will have to take your torches and pitchforks away from you. LOL!


About the Author

The Author is Florida born but is currently residing somewhere in East Tennessee. His is happily married and has three grown sons and a smattering of grand children.
Connect with Me Online:
My Website: http://robertyelverton.info/
To see other books by me go to Smashwords: 
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/RMY

Author of:
"It Waits"
"Dragons Fire and the Brave Little Prince"


