
Regenis 4 Chronicles
Book 2
The Invisible Foe

Steve Simons



Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2009 Steve Simons

This book is also available 
as an Audio Book  from PodioBooks.com

For more titles from this author check out 
www.SciFiStories.co.uk


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be
re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with
another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it
with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased
for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your
own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

~~~~~~
INDEX

Chapter  1 - Visitors
Chapter  2 - Patterns?
Chapter  3 - Catching Up
Chapter  4 - Guilty Or Just A Coincidence?
Chapter  5 - On Duty
Chapter  6 - Encounters 
Chapter  7 - Appearing On The Arrivals Board?
Chapter  8 - A Lot Packed Into Two Days 
Chapter  9 - What Goes Around Comes Around
Chapter 10 - Where Is The Captain?
Chapter 11 - When Friends Meet in Space
Chapter 12 - A Captain's Decision
Chapter 13 - What Nothing More?	
Chapter 14 - The Invisible Foe	
Chapter 15 - Announcing The Arrival Of	
Chapter 16 - Determination	
Chapter 17 - Trouble
Chapter 18 - Getting Acquainted	
Chapter 19 - From Bad To Worse
Chapter 20 - Support
Chapter 21 - Life As Normal
Chapter 22 - Hard
Chapter 23 - Battle Stations
Chapter 24 - The Pull
Chapter 25 - Am I?
Chapter 26 - News 
Chapter 27 - Regimented 
Chapter 28 - Presence
Chapter 29 - Common Ground
Chapter 30 - Listen To Me, To Us
Chapter 31 - Tipping The Balance
Chapter 32 - What Use Is A Crumbling Empire?
Chapter 33 - So Where Do We Go Now?
Chapter 34 - Endings
Chapter  1 - Visitors

The Air sleeker glides effortlessly towards the family dwelling, Ed is glad to see it again, but rather confused to see a vehicle parked outside.  They hardly ever got visitors.  Hark at him, here he is arriving home unannounced.  These days he was away more than at home, but then what could he expect taking up a career as a commercial pilot, flying passengers between planets often took weeks if not months.  Some routes can even take a couple of years, although Ed was glad he had done none of those as yet.

Ed was hoping that the presence of another vehicle outside his parent's dwelling didn't indicate trouble.  Ed was worrying now at that thought, but decided that it was pointless worrying about it as he could do nothing until he arrives anyway.   He had already decided that to make his arrival a complete surprise, that he would park the Air sleeker behind some rocks to the north west of the dwelling and then walk home, as there are no windows on that side.  He never fathomed out why that was.  There was no reason to change his plans, even with the strange vehicle parked outside his parents dwelling.

It seems strange to be creeping into his family dwelling, rather than walking confidently in as he would usually do, but Ed was worried about that unknown vehicle and who was inside the dwelling, were they friend or... what's the word?  Ed just couldn't think of the actual one he wanted, but 'enemy' came to mind and it would have to do.  Ed listens carefully as he walks slowly up the corridor towards the entertainment room.  He can hear muffled voices, none really recognisable, although the good sign was that there weren't any raised or angry voices, it all seemed quite calm.  

Ed wondered if the security cameras were on, he could quickly dart off to his room to find out.  He decided for safety sake that he would do just that.  Ed wonders if his brother Paul is around, although the answer to that one was probably not.  Since he'd entered his last year of the Academy, he seemed to spend more of his time actually at the Academy, he used to be such a home loving chap, until Ed had left to take up his new career as a pilot.  Paul seemed a much more social animal now that he no longer existed in the shadow of his elder brother, he seemed to have found his own level and place in Academy living.  For all Ed knew, Paul may even have a dwelling point at the Academy by now.  Ed reflects on the fact that when he was still at home the two of them used to be so close, now neither knew much about the other and what they were doing.  'Such is the nature of modern day living, I suppose',  thought Ed to himself.  

Having reached his own room, Ed pauses a moment, wondering if everything would be the same, or had his mother taken the room over as a sewing room or something like that.  He need not have feared, everything was exactly as he remembered it.  Ed fires up the screen and logs into the dwelling secure-net.  Ah the cameras are still on.  There are three people in the room, no four, but Ed can't quite see the face of the fourth person.  Three he immediately recognise as his father, mother and uncle Richard.  Well, well, well it has been ages since they had heard nor seen anything of uncle Richard.  Ed thinks that Richard is looking quite well considering, he;s probably still rushed off his feet with all that spy work that he does.

The group that he can see on the cameras seem quite relaxed, although they don't look very happy to see each other, perhaps uncle Richard has brought some bad news, perhaps he wants their Dad to help him out again.  Ed tries to get a better image of the fourth person in the room, but whoever it is, hasn't taken off their outdoor clothes and their face is shielded by a hat and the shadow it casts over their face.  As Ed gets the camera to zoom in, he realises that the fourth person is a woman and from the few pieces of clothing showing through the gaps in the overcoat, she is quite fashionably dressed by all seems.  Ed has seen such garments on advert screens at some of the places that he has visited.  So she is an off-worlder, but what would she be doing here and with his uncle Richard?  Is this Richard's girl friend?  Or is there something more to this visit.  Ed decides that he isn't going to find out anything by staying in his room.

The group of four are quite startled as Ed breezes into the room full of confidence, issues forth the greeting, "Sub Zero each, hope you are all well."  He swings up on the palm of his left hand, swivels in a controlled manner to land in the nearest available chair, like a well practised circus performer.  Well he was in a way, he had done this impressive manoeuvre many times before whilst living at home.  

No-one says a things for a short while, still stunned by Ed's entrance and performance.

Ed decides to break the ice, remarking, "Sorry have I interrupted a private chin wag?"

Richard is first to speak as he says, "Er no.... just amazed that you are here, your dad thought you were out on a long flight."

Ed smiles as he replies, "To put it in the technical space transit speak, the flight was cancelled, hence I have nothing to do apart from visit the nearest and dearest, i.e. mama and papa and it is a delight to also find you here."

Maria, now recovered from the shock of her son suddenly appearing like that, gets up, approaches Ed and holds her hands out for a hug.  Which Ed is only too pleased to oblige with.

Ed asks, "So to what do we owe the pleasure of a visit from uncle Richard to?"

Richard smiles and replies, "Ever the suspicious one eh Ed?  Actually I'm here on business as well as to see my brother and family."
 
Edward says, "Yes the business element of Richard's visit could involve you."

"What he wants me to join the family business again?" asks Ed.

Richard picks up the thread with, "Well kind of, there have been incidents that I believe your family may be able to help me with."

"What kind of incident are talking about here?" asks Ed

Maria starts crying and Ed just can't understand why, nothing has been said to upset her, at least nothing whilst he has been here.  Ed wonders if it is connected in some way with the fourth person in the room.

Richard assures Maria that they will get to the root of the problem.

Ed asks, "And how does your colleague here figure in this matter?"  He walks over to the visitor and holds out his hand and says, "I am sorry my uncle is such a poor host, we have not been introduced, I am Ed, the eldest of the two sons of Edward here."  Ed nods towards his father.

The stranger, lifts her head, her face still in shadow, she remarks in a rather nasal accent as if she have a severe cold, "Perceptiveness you have the appearance to attain, but  how much have you, we shall see.  Interest we in you, but we see how much you could continue to do so."

Ed replies, "Feg-no-qui-est, you come from Fegnoquiest, you are an important representative of your peoples and have come here seeking help as something has gone missing from your world and you suspect that uncle Richard here can help you find.... not it, but them.  Your own people have tried their best to solve the mystery but now have to resort to teaming up with others who also seek an answer to their own disappearances."

The stranger now removes her hat and reveals their oval face with no eyes, a small circle of a nose , more like a  small crater, where a humans mouth would normally be.  No sign of hair as such, but a purple tinge to the skin colouration across the top of the head and down the sides.  The remaining skin is a sort of dark brown. The stranger replies, "You fail.... not to impress we, progeny of the one called Edward.  How make you such deduction?"

Ed smiles and replies, "Your wanting to stay in the shadows, indicated that either you were super sensitive to the light, or you wanted to hide your facial features.  The moment you spoke I recognised the pattern of you language and the very nasal sound of your voice, the peoples of  Feg-no-qui-est do not have mouths like humans, instead sounds are made behind the breathing apparatus and transferred through it, as a consequence you don't have the frequency range of a human."

The visitor somewhat impatient says, "Yes, yes, that is simple, what of the other?"

Ed pauses again, then continues, "Easy, why have you come all this way from your home land, if it was not a journey of importance, the Feg-no-qui-est peoples do not do tourism, they haven't got the curiosity or patience, meant with no malice I assure you, just stating the facts."

The stranger replies, "A given, no....the wordage escapes our grasp, ah yes, offence  not taken by us, simply fact."

Ed continues, "The importance of your visit could be triggered by what?  Trade - no we already have good trade relations between us, in any case that would not involve my uncle as an expert in imports and exports he is not.  This leaves us with the possibility of war, as there have been no declarations of war, unless they are secret ones and it can't be a declaration between our two peoples otherwise what would you be doing in this humble dwelling?  Therefore it has to be something of importance to both our peoples and you know that we have suffered the same change in circumstance that you have, it could be something economic, but uncle Richard was unlikely to be involved in that, as again its not his specialism.  Therefore we are left with something or someone special has disappeared, been stolen or worst.  When I mentioned something has gone missing, your head gave a slight nervous twitch and at the same time there was a glimmer in my uncle's face that gave indication that I was onto something.  His face changed to reflect a deal of concern when I mentioned his name, indicating that we were dealing with people, not just objects.  I suspect that it is the disappearance of a space craft or crafts in your part of the galaxy."

The stranger's face has change in colouration somewhat now as she replies, "You Ed are to us most impressive in your perceptiveness.  We see that our choice has been wise to come amongst the grouping of Richard."

It is Richard's turn to ask, "How did you know about the disappearance of the space craft?"

Ed replies, "Have you forgotten I am a commercial pilot and when craft go missing the word kind of gets about and we wonder if one of ours will be next."

Maria starts crying again and hugs her son, as if a prophesy had just been spoken to the effect that her Ed was going to be next on the list of missing pilots.

Ed reassures her, that he has no intention of being captured by whatever or whoever is doing this.  Then he asks his uncle, "How do you think that we can help out?  Surely your lot have the best brains in the business working on this one?"

Richard replies, "Well they think they have, but I know differently, I think the best brains exist in this family and if there's a solution to be found to this mystery it is us who are going to find it."

Maria asks, "What a retired intelligence man and his two boys?  What can we do?"

Richard replies, "Don't put yourselves down Maria, in your time you and Edward were the best that the agency had."

Maria protests, "Yes precisely Richard, we WERE, in case it has escaped your notice we are old and retired now."

Edward objects, "Hey less of the old Maria, retired yes, but old no.  I still feel young and my brain is as sharp as it ever was.  It seems to have rubbed off onto young Ed too, did you see how quickly he worked all that out and with little to go on at that."

Maria says, "Edward, no matter how much you hanker after the old days, you have to face it, they are gone now, you cannot use our boys to regain your youth again.  They have their own lives to live."

Edward replies, "I am not doing that Maria, our boys have their own talents and it is entirely up to them if they want to use them to help out here.  Ed is perfectly free to do as he wishes.  He knows I couldn't make him help out."

Ed suggests, "Look I have a few days off and if I can help uncle Richard and his friend out, I'm more than happy to do so.  Its probably in my best interest anyway, I don't want to sit back and see this whatever or whoever is grabbing these ships continue to get away with it."

"That's the spirit!" encourages Edward, but curbs his enthusiasm as he sees Maria's disapproving look.

Ed asks, "OK uncle Richard what have we got here, what do you know about the situation?"

Richard is somewhat relieved that he has the full support of Ed and Edward and possibly he can sway Maria, goes on to say, "Well I have a data pack here with all the recorded disappearances in it.  Our techno bods have been unable to make out any patterns behind the disappearances, I wondered if that was our starting point?"

Ed looking somewhat disappointed says, "But our resident analyst genius isn't here."

Edward exclaims, "Oh Paul, he's due back any minute isn't he Maria."

Maria forgetting her objections to the project looks at the wall time display and agrees, that yes he was due back in the next fifteen or so minutes. He has been out with Elcesior and a visitor called Carina.

Ed asks, "Not Jeristican's daughter?"

Maria replies, "Oh yes, I didn't think about that connection, it could be, you know Paul, he didn't mention a family name.  But yes Jeristican's daughter was called Carina wasn't she?"  Then Maria suddenly says, "Oh dear I had forgotten that I said she could stay over the night, I was going to put her in your room and now you are back.  What am I going to do now?"

Richard replies, "Don't worry about us Maria, we weren't planning on staying anyway, I have rooms booked at the Sparfield Hotel and we have already booked in before coming here to see you."

Maria much relieved, settles on the idea that Carina will be able to stay in the guest room.

They settle down to wait for Paul and his friends to return.  Richard strikes up a conversation with Ed, he is curious to know what planets Ed has visited thus far in his line of duty as a commercial pilot.

~~~~~~~~~


Chapter  2 - Patterns?

It was considerably longer than the expected 15 minutes before Paul and Carina walk in.  Carina, still with long chestnut coloured hair and looking as attractive as ever.  Paul and Carina still seemed to have that same magic bond that they had when they first met.  It was a few years back now, to think they had not seen each other in all that time and yet, here they were still chatting away like old friends.  It had not escaped Ed's notice that they were also holding hands.

Ed smiles to himself, as he thinks, 'So their friendship has blossomed somewhat.  They must just have a natural chemistry to have bonded like this.  It seemed strange that Paul had not attempted to contact Carina in all this time, then suddenly she turns up out of the blue and hey they are best friends all over again."

Maria is her usual mother self, fussing around Paul and Carina to make sure they are alright and have had a good evening.  She wants to show Carina her room and get her settled, whereas Paul and Carina want to stay and chat with Ed and Richard, plus find out more about Richard's guest.

Richard sensing Maria's unease, suggests that she could quickly sort out Carina's room and that she would soon be back and they could all catch up on the chat then.

Maria whisks Carina off to the guest room, after asking Paul to fetch her overnight case.  As they leave the room, Ed looks around the room, his eyes settle upon his father's face, he cannot fail to notice that there's a look of fear in Edward's eyes, his complexion is also somewhat pale.  Surely he can't still hold it against Carina that her father was part of the plot that they had foiled?  After all, he was still in jail serving his time for that crime and Carina had nothing to do with that.

Richard remarks that it was simply ages since he'd seen Carina last, she must have only been about 8 or 9, he went on to say how much she reminded him of her mother.

Edward makes some sort of apology and quickly departs.  None of those left in the room had caught the meaning of the apology and all were as mystified as each other at Edward's sudden departure.  Ed asks Richard, what had happened to Carina's mother.  

Richard replies that there had been a quite tragic transport accident, she had been away for a few days and on her return journey the Tubevec had caught fire.  There had been a spate of such accidents at the time, turned out to be dodgy control circuitry.  Richard said her loss had hit the group pretty hard. Carina was only about three at the time.  He said Edward felt so bad about the situation that he kept in close touch with both Jerestican and Carina, visiting whenever he could.  Richard adds that it must have really hit Edward hard to find out that Jeriscan could betray him and the administration in the way he did.

Ed thinks, 'Ah that's why he so upset, to have Carina as a reminder of such betrayal under his own roof and getting along so well with his youngest son.'  Ed felt sorry for his Dad, but did not know what he could do to help him cope.

The room is soon bubbling again as Paul and Carina have arrived back and Carina is heaping Maria with praise over the decoration of their dwelling.  Maria is quite proud but also humble at her achievements and turns attention away from herself telling Carina that if it is decoration skill and expertise that should be praised, then Ed's girlfriend Jenny, is the one that praise should be heaped upon, as she was now a well renowned interior designer, receiving commissions from all over the planet.  They start a discussion about a trading hall that Jenny had done some fantastic work upon.  Maria extols Jenny's talent and skills.  Then remembers that she can call up pictures on GalcomNet or GN as they call it on Regenis 4.  Maria and Carina settle into their own huddle round the entertainment screen reviewing the pictures.

Meanwhile Richard puts Paul into the picture regards the purpose of his visit and at the same time properly introduces his guest, KKMentarq. 

Paul holds out his hand in friendship and says "Pleased to meet you, is it Mr or Miss KKMentaq.

To which the visitor replies, "Neither, we be known simply as KK, especially to persons as charming as your group, young Paul."

Paul smiles and says, "Now its my turn to correct things, when my uncle referred to me as 'young Paul' it was a reflection on the fact that I am the youngest of the er group as you referred to us as.  My name is simply Paul.  Anyway I hope that we can help you KK."

"Like the same we are in the hopeful state of this matter." replies KK.

Richard holds up the data pack and suggests, "I hope that you can work your magic and spot some sort of pattern in the behaviour and disappearances.  Sadly there are no local recordings of the events or helpful readings that would indicate what has caused them.  Merely locations, dates, times, sizes of craft, numbers of persons missing and also inventory of any cargo being carried.  Our techno bods can find no patterns in the data at all.

Carina says, "What you're a wizard with all this analysing stuff?"

Paul modest as ever replies, "Well I try."

Ed says, "Now come brother, you are just too modest, you're a wiz at tactical games as well."

Carina quite impressed says, "There's so much I just don't know about you, you have so many talents."

Paul messing around says, "Stick around kid, there's much much more up my sleeve.  Where the hell did this arm come from?"  At that he pulls a fake arm out of his sleeve whilst waving the fingers of his hand in the air.

Ed laughs and pronounces Paul a clown of the highest order.  KK is most confused by the behaviour, whereas Richard is faintly bemused at the antics of his nephew.

Paul grabs the data pack from Richard and heads towards the door, stops looks over his shoulder and asks, "Well are coming to watch a genius at work?"  He holds out his hand towards Carina.  She excitedly grabs his hand and almost bounces towards the door.  She looks over he shoulder to say something, when Ed says,  "What you want me to come along with you two?"

Paul quick witted replies, "I said Genius, not nincompoop, you're hopeless with this sort of stuff fly boy."

Ed smiles, he knows when to let go.  He returns to the chair that he had collared earlier.

Maria frets, asking Ed, "Do you think they will OK?"

Ed replies, "I think little clan boy can take care of himself."  Then he adds, "I think she's quite harmless."

Maria pokes Ed in the ribs, to which he responds, "Now steady on, I haven't eaten yet."

Maria asks if Richard and KK would like something to eat.  KK kindly declines the offer, whilst Richard says that he would welcome something, as he hadn't eaten since the snack on the  Transvec.  Maria sets off in the direction of the food preparation area, deviating via Paul's room.

Meanwhile back in the entertainment room, Ed asks Richard what he has been up to recently.  Richard says that he had been kept busy with this latest mystery of  the disappearances.  He adds that  he feels quite worn out with all the dashing around he has been doing.

Ed teases him saying, "Surely its all virtual visits now?"

"If only it were, but we have found that we get more information by going to the scene and talking face to face.  People tend to forget little details when communicating over some artificial link and often it is the little things that can be most important key to solve a mystery." replies Richard.

There is a long silence, which is broken as Richard asks, "So how are you finding the work of a commercial pilot?"

Ed replies, "Well I get up and there it is waiting for me."

"You know what I mean, the world of work is totally different from the academy, how are you coping with it? Asks Richard.

Ed replies, "See what you mean, getting along fine thanks, seems most strange putting in all those days of  flying rather hours.  Apart from the fact that some flights can be really dull, most of the time it is quite interesting.  Met some really interesting passengers.  Had a super  chat the other day with this really knowledgeable guy who was a specialist in philosophy and religions.  He was telling me that he'd just finished the study of the religion of an ancient alien race.  His task was hampered by the fact that there wasn't much in the way of modern records which made reference to the concepts of the earlier culture.  He had to learn the earlier form of the alien's language before he could even attempt any interpretation of the writings on statues and walls of a recently discovered temple.  We had a great debate about how much of his work was assumption and how much based on fact."

Richard is smiling as he is enjoying his nephew's tale of his encounter.  Even KK seems to be paying close attention.

Maria  comes back with some delicious smelling food.  Richard and Ed dive in and complement Maria on her cooking, she keeps quiet about the fact that it was pre-prepared from the store.

Paul and Carina rejoin the group some time later.  Paul tells Richard that so far he is also unable to spot any patterns in the disappearances, however he has an idea for another tack that he could try tomorrow.  Richard glances at the wall time display and declares that he and KK must get off to the hotel, but promises that they will return the following day.

Maria suggests they come for lunch, then she huddles with KK and enquires about KK's diet.

Richard asks that they give Edward his best wishes and to let him know that he's returning tomorrow.

Ed pulling Richard's leg asks, "Is that so he has the opportunity to escape before you get here?"

Richard pokes Ed in the ribs and says, "You young man, are getting far too cheeky."

Paul exclaims, "Getting, he's always been like that uncle Richard."

They all say good night, then decant off into their various rooms.  Maria hangs about tidying up and making sure that everyone's needs are dealt with and that they are all comfortable.

Finally she goes off to her room.  After a while there are raised voices coming from Edward and Maria's room. This settles down after a while and peace is restored.

The guest room door opens and despite the gloomy light in the passageway, someone skilfully, yet silently tiptoes towards Paul's bedroom door.  The door opens, then closes without making a sound.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter  3 - Catching Up

The doorbell sounds, Maria is first to the door and welcomes Jenny in.  She calls for Ed telling him that he has a visitor.

Ed emerges from his room and yawns, complaining that Richard is rather early and it doesn't give a guy a chance to catch up with his beauty sleep.

Jenny says, "Hi Ed, I didn't think you needed beauty sleep.  Maria told me that you'd come home last night, I thought I'd wait until this morning before coming over to see you."

Ed replies, "Oh hi Jenny, I thought you were away, doing a commission off-world somewhere or other, or so Elcelsior had told Paul."

Jenny says, "But he's my brother, what does he know about me, he hardly ever listens to me let alone pays any attention to what I say.  I arrived back yesterday."

Ed kisses Jenny on the cheek, then says, "Bet they were delighted with the end result."

Jenny smiling, replies, "The critics were ranting and raving about it."

Maria congratulates Jenny, "Well done another success to your portfolio of works, you and I must look up the pictures and critique write ups.  I am dying to see what you have produced this time.  I think you are so talented."

Ed says, "Now steady mother, we don't want Jenny's head swelling so much that she can't get back out through the door again.  Although, that could have it's advantages."  Ed leans towards her and kisses her again.

Jenny responds, "Now behave Ed.  Oh I heard Carina has come to visit.  Elcelsior was well impressed with her, thought she was the life and soul of the party.  She seems to be getting along famously with your brother."

Maria decides that it is time to slip away.

Ed replies, "Yes I spotted they were holding hands when they came in last night."

Jenny grabs Ed's hand and asks, "And what's wrong with a bit of hand holding?"

"Nothing if it's yours." replies Ed, then asks, "Seriously, the last job go well, any problems?"

Jenny replies, "Well there was a bit of a difference in opinion between myself and the client for a while, she just didn't like part of my design, but it was a key part of the design that made it unique and was really the whole point of the design."

Ed asks, "How did you get over that one?"

Jenny replies, "Well I tried the talk her through the concept tack, but that didn't wash, she was absolutely insistent that the element she didn't like should be replaced or she would discharge me from the commission."

"Tricky one, did you back down then?" asks Ed.

Jenny surprised that Ed would even suggest such a thing replies, "No way.  I was lucky as one of the client's friends came by and saw the work, before it was shut down.  He was full of praise and enthused about the installation, saying that he had not seen anything so striking and original in ages.  He insisted that I talk him through my concept and he was as excited, as I was about it.  The client discussed it with her friend and I was quite surprised when she returned later and actually apologised for her behaviour, she said that she now understood what I was trying to achieve and   felt she could fully support me.  When it came to the unveiling ceremony, the client was delighted with the critiques praise."

"Well done you." says Ed and he kisses and hugs her, then adds, "I'm proud of you."

Jenny asks, "Hows the world of commercial pilot, still finding it interesting and rewarding?"

Ed replies, "Interesting?  Not quite as much as it was, rewarding?  Well.... actually, yes I just got a pay rise.  Had a review and they were really pleased with my progress and work, so much so that they have recommended me to jump up two pay points."

Jenny squeezes his hand affectionately and says, "Hey, well done you too.  At this rate we'll be able to afford a deposit on our own place soon."

Ed asks, "Just how much have we got in the jolly old savings line anyway."

Jenny replies, "I don't know I have been too busy earning it, to check on it.  Now don't forget to increase your payments when you get your pay rise through."

Ed asks, "Can I keep the first three months worth?"

"Oh, don't tell me you've seen the latest air sleeker and it's a just got to have piece of kit.  No way Ed my boy, you promised that we would save up." replies Jenny.

Ed has that pleading look on his face that Jenny just loves and can't resist.  He says, "I have been good, in fact some pay checks I have been paying in more than I should have, especially if I've had a really long trip and Mickey hasn't been along for the ride, so I haven't spent much when we got to the other end."

Jenny interrupts with, "That Mickey is a bad influence on you."

Ed replies, "Yeah, but he's a really good laugh and the stop overs pass by really quickly."

"As does your spending money!" points out Jenny.  Then relents with, "Yeah, actually he is a good laugh, but just make sure when we get our own place he isn't always hanging around or we won't be able to keep up the payments."  

Ed laughs and Jenny asks, "What?"

Ed replies, "Well hark at us, we sound like an old married couple."

Paul walks out of his room and looks down the corridor at Jenny and Ed.  He says, "Hi Jenny, didn't know you were back as well."

Jenny remarks, "Nice Jim Jams Paul."

Paul glances down at himself and realises that he is still in his pyjamas.  He quickly darts back into his room, Ed and jenny laugh.

Ed asks, "Had breakfast?"

Jenny replies, "Of course not, wanted to see you soonest after I had woken up."

"So your commission location was in somewhat a different time zone?" asks Ed.

"What makes you assume that?" asks Jenny.

"For you not to be up early is mighty strange.  So you must have been catching up on sleep." says Ed.

"OK OK enough of the analysis, lets eat." replies Jenny, leading Ed towards the food prep area.

Maria is a bit startled at first when they enter.  She recovers quickly and asks if Jenny would like anything to eat or drink.

Ed looks at Jenny and asks, "Tasty day and Jacazo juice OK with you Jen?"

Jenny smiles and nods. Ed says, "Its OK mum I'll get them.  Dad having a lye-in?"

Maria replies, "No he had something to do, went out earlier.  Oh I we haven't got any Jacazo juice, but I did manage to get some of this." She holds up some fancy tub and reads the label, "Dried Orange, came from earth, apparently quite popular at one time.  Karen said its quite nice once it has been liquefied"

"I'll give anything a try, how about you Jen?" asks Ed.

Jenny says, "I'll try a bit of yours."

Paul walks in with Carina in tow, both are dressed and looking quite presentable.

Ed says his customary,"Sub-zero both."  then asks, "Did you get anywhere with uncle Richard's puzzle?"

Paul replies, "My terminal working on it now.  Been going for a couple of hours, there's a lot of data on that pack.  Took a while to find common layout as it has come from so many sources, but I think that's licked now."

Maria tells the group that Richard will be returning in about an hour.  

Paul asks, "Dad alright?  He seemed a bit worried about something last night."

Maria says that she wasn't sure what was getting him,  he was a bit up tight about something, but wouldn't talk about it.  Maria added that he had said that he was going somewhere in the morning and that she was so tired that she didn't see him go.

Paul remarks, "Hope he's OK."

Maria asks, "I suppose you want your usual for breakfast? What about you Carina?"

Paul nods and Carina says, "I'll have the same as Paul, if that's OK with you."

Maria, sounds rather concerned as she asks, "Its Full Fat English, is that alright?"

Carina smiles, grabs Paul's hand and says, "That's fine."

Ed whispers to Jenny, "Like twins."

Jenny nudges him in the side.  Ed sets about getting their cereals, whilst Maria sets about getting the juice.  Then she asks if Paul and Carina would like to try some of this orange juice too.

~~~~~~~


Chapter  4 - Guilty Or Just A Coincidence?

Richard arrives, but without his guest KK, he tells Maria that KK was not feeling very well, probably to do with adjusting to the atmosphere and the gravity, also adjusting to a different time zone.  Their days are a lot shorter and the gravity not so strong, so KK was quite tired.

Maria is quite sympathetic and says that she hopes KK is feeling better soon.  Richard is more concerned that Maria has not gone to a lot of trouble regards lunch arrangements.  Maria assures him that she hasn't and that it will be easy to cancel the order for KK's lunch.  She darts off to the entertainments room and logs onto to GN to cancel KK's element of her food order. 

Meanwhile Paul tells Richard that he thinks he has found something in the data pack.  Its a bit weak, but never-the-less a lead, which is more than they had before. 

Paul says, "I found that Kog-zey-enian ships were spotted in the vicinity of craft that disappeared, what is more there seems to be no attempt by those ships to respond to distress calls."

Richard asks, "What no response at all?"

Paul replies, "Not even acknowledgement of the communications."

Richard asks, "How do you know this?"

Paul replies, "Generally there is a record in the data pack if there had been any form of response either outgoing from the craft in trouble, or from anything around it.  In all cases of these Kog-zey-enian craft there was no response issued from them.  What is more their path of travel is always away from the scene of the crime so to speak.."

Richard asks, "So you think the  Kog-zey-enian ships are involved in some way?"

Paul replies, "I don't know, all I have been looking for is some form of pattern.  It was the only one I could find."

Richard says, "Sorry unfair of me to ask you, how could you possibly know.  I'll get some of my agents out to  Kog-zey-enia and get them to check things out.  So there's absolutely no other pattern like time or date of disappearance?"

"I did check just in-case, but even there, no pattern."  replies Paul.

They jump as the doorbell sounds.  It is the food delivery.

Soon they are sat down and enjoying the food.  Richard has only just noticed that Ed and  Edward are not around. He asks if they are both alright.

Maria says that Ed and Jenny had gone off to look at a dwelling point somewhere.

Richard remarks, "Oh they are serious then?"  Then realises that with Carina and Paul around he probably shouldn't have said anything.

Maria relies, "Well it seems to be, apparently they have been saving seriously for a deposit to get their own place.  Ed was telling me this morning that he had a pay rise and it should make the saving easier and quicker."

Paul says, "I didn't know they were that serious, they hardly ever see each other."

Maria says, "Its often like that if you want to buy your own dwelling."

Paul says, "Blow buying, I'd rather rent, then you've got the freedom to move around if you want to."

Richard says, "You have a point there Paul.  Is there something you aren't telling us, like the pitter patter...."

Maria interrupts Richard with, "Now Richard I am shocked that you'd even suggest such a thing."

Carina, has until this point looked a little mystified, not fully following the conversation, suddenly exclaims, "Oh I see what you mean."  Then she goes bright red at her outburst.

Maria says, "Sorry Carina I must apologise for my Brother-in-law, he often doesn't think before speaking.  I am sure there is nothing of the sort, they are just serious about being together and having a place that they can call their own."

Paul asks , "Do you think they will do the big W?"

Maria replies, "That's entirely up to them, a lot of people don't bother getting married these days, they see it as an unnecessary expense and tradition."

Carina asks, "What about you, what do you feel about a wedding?" 

Maria is quiet for a bit, then thoughtfully answers, "I'd like one, for the pair of them, but nothing too over the top,after all it is expensive enough trying to pay for a dwelling and  everything that goes with that.  Its really dependent upon them and what they want."

After lunch Paul shows his uncle, some of the work that he had been involved in at the Academy.  Richard is fascinated and asks questions galore.  Carina looks on in admiration, wondering how Paul can know all this stuff and to such depth.

There is a disturbance in the hallway.  Ed and Jenny have returned and Maria is asking how they got on and what they thought of the dwelling point that they had gone to see.

Jenny says that it was absolutely lovely, but well out of their reach.

Ed agrees, adding that they would need to save up considerably longer than they had anticipated, for just the deposit.  He would need two further pay rises to be able to afford the payments and still be able to eat. 

They laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation.

Richard comes out to the hallway to join in the discussion, he says, "Sorry it didn't go well."

Ed says, "You should have seen the lady's face when we asked if they had anything cheaper.  She said that this was the cheapest unit they had on their books."

Richard asks if he can have a word in private with Ed.  Ed wonders what is coming up.  Either Paul has found something that indicates that he, Ed could be in greater danger, or Paul has found nothing and its now down to him to come up with something.  They slip into Ed's room, sit down and Richard updates Ed with the news that the  Kog-zey-enians were suspected of being the culprits.  Richard advises Ed to keep an eye out for their ship movements and be particularly cautious if they are operating in areas that Ed is flying through.

Richard asks Ed to keep his ears and eyes open for any information that would support this lead or in fact anything in connection with the disappearances.

Ed assures Richard, that he has already been doing that, but as yet there had been nothing, not even vague leads that one could take seriously.

Richard reminded Ed that often breakthroughs were a achieved with the slightest of leads, no matter how ridiculous they may seem at the time.

Ed says that he knows this and if there had anything, he would let Richard know, but to date most of what he has heard has been fear driven panic and supposition, nothing that one could say was a possible lead.  He promised that the moment he had anything he would get in touch with Richard.

Richard finishes saying that he will put Sylvie on the investigation to see if she can get to the route of the matter with the  Kog-zey-enians and test out what was going on when their ships had been in the vicinity of the disappearances.  With her mind reading abilities, Sylvie may be able to succeed where others have failed, she just may detect if the  Kog-zey-enians are lying.

Ed hopes that Richard can get to the bottom of this and quickly.

Discussion finished they rejoin the rest of the family and find that Jenny is showing the others her latest work, the pictures and reviews were now up on GN.

~~~~~~~~~ 


Chapter  5 - On Duty

Several days out on their journey, Ed finds himself alone on the flight deck of the interstellar craft Cosmos 3, an impressive looking craft, but basically a recycled re-fitted and downgraded intergalactic craft.  The trend now was to provide much more space and luxury on such flights, so this smaller craft had been downgraded to interstellar flights, these being between star systems, so not quite what she was used to.  The passengers were impressed though, being that this craft was somewhat larger and more impressive than they were used to.  Ed was equally impressed with the re-fit.  It was the captain who was less impressed and described it as baubles disguising what was otherwise an outdated and served its time craft, that should by rights have been retired.  But Ed reflects on some of the craft that he's flown and if the captain thinks this outdated and long overdue for retirement, he should try some of those.

Ed was glad that the captain had decided to get some "shut eye" as he'd referred to his sleep session as.  Quite frankly the guy's moaning and complaining was getting on Ed's nerves.  So he was glad of the break.  Ed had decided to check out local craft movements, just as his uncle Richard had advised.  Thus far he had found nothing alarming.  There had as yet been no further craft disappearances.  Ed logs into the Astralian craft movement system or "ACMoS" as the flight staff often referred to it as.  Ed allows the ACMoS to use his craft's current location and logged course information and it starts coming back pretty quickly with lists of craft operating in this area and also those scheduled to enter the area.  At first the list seems fine, with nothing to cause any concern.  Then Ed spots a scheduled entry for a Kog-zey-enian craft under the name of Garet-dwes-kenstia.  It was scheduled to enter further along their flight path.  Ed's heart skips a beat at this discovery, his immediate thought being that his number could be up shortly and with the current captain, there would be no chance of even considering any deviation from their logged flight path, especially as Ed has no evidence on which to base his or Richard's suspicions of the Kog-zey-enians and their suspected activities.  Ed logs a personal communication to Richard and passes the information about the Kog-zey-enian craft, its predicted entry point and logged flight path, along with predicted flight path cross over point.  He sends the information with the pre-arranged encryption coding.  He has done this in-case anything happens to him and his craft, then at least Richard has a chance of finding out what is likely to have happened.

"Blimey that's quick!" thinks Ed as he gets an acknowledgement message back, then as he reads it, he realises that it was only from the nearest message beacon repeater.  Richard was likely to get the message in an hours time.  So any reply would take at least two hours.

Ed checks the craft's instruments as part of his routine work, satisfies himself that all is well, then returns to the ACMO database as he is still curious about the Kog-zey-enian craft, he checks the classification of cargo.  Although the system does not list what is actually being carried, it specifies the type, in-case there's anything dangerous or hazardous aboard, this being from the viewpoint of an accident or incident whilst in transit.  It warns any craft that comes to the craft's aid, as to what precautions to take.  This craft is carrying nothing hazardous, just some foodstuffs, or at least that's what the entry in the database says.  Next, out of curiosity, Ed decides to explore the layout of the craft, as most craft also upload a 3d representation of their craft, in-case there is an emergency and any rescue craft have to plan an escape route for anyone trapped aboard a craft that is in trouble.  That is most craft, except those who have something to hide or their owners are particularly secretive.  Ed is most surprised to find that there is a 3d plan of the Garet-dwes-kenstia.  This sort of information would have been dangerous back in the space pirate days of old, the pirates would have known exactly where to attack in order to either make a quick hit to disable the craft or to make a quick grab of the cargo, before the crew can defend themselves against the pirates. Thank goodness for the intergalactic laws and treaty.

The Garet-dwes-kenstia is a four deck craft, the engine room is on the third deck, traditionally they are usually on the lowest deck.  Ed explores the other decks and finds that the cargo is split between decks 1, 2 and 4, probably to make the craft balanced weight wise, and also less prone to lose all it's cargo if attacked.  Ed thought this a sensible move, he always thought his company's policy of sticking all the cargo in lower decks a bit risky and it makes for bottom heavy craft, which is alright in normal flight conditions, but makes things a bit hairy when things get rough.  The crew and leisure areas seem to be split between decks 1, 2 and 4.  The flight deck, most strangely appears on deck 3, with the engine room.  Putting them on the same deck probably means that they can cut down on wiring and crew members, making their freighters cheaper to build and run.  Ed, despite seeing this race as a potential enemy, also admires their logic and business sense.  Their leisure facilities seemed to be far superior to those provided by his company and considering this is supposed to be merely a cargo craft, it was quite surprising, but then maybe morale of the crew means more to them.  Unless they are actually hiding something, perhaps this is actually more than a mere cargo craft.  This starts Ed analysing the minimum number of crew that would be needed to run the craft and he counts the number of cabins.  There is an obvious difference between the numbers, indicating that this craft may also carry passengers.  If it were a passenger carrying vessel though, under intergalactic law it must be registered as such.  Unless, the passengers were of a military nature!  That's it, the passengers probably board any captured craft, they then take over that craft.  

Ed decides that he had best send another message to Richard concerning his latest suspicions about the  Kog-zey-enian craft.  Ed finds it difficult to describe accurately his suspicions and takes some time writing and re-writing his message, in order to get it just right.  He is surprised that Richard's people had not come to the same conclusions as himself, but then he has 'inside information' in that he is a commercial pilot and understands how these craft are or could be run.

When the message has been sent and an acknowledgement received, Ed turns his attention back to the view outside his craft.  There are some magnificent galaxies in front of him, a wonderful backdrop to the star system that they are heading for.  Ed never tires of the magnificent views of space that he sees whilst on his journeys.  Although it can't actually be the case, but every time he sets off on a journey the star scape seems somewhat different.  Perhaps its just that he notices something that he hadn't spotted before.  He has travelled in this direction a number of times now, as often journeys start out the same but end up deviating off in a different direction after certain distances have been reached.  You would have thought that with the vastness of space, a craft could just set off in the direction of the star system that it is travelling to, but oh no the interstellar  trade routes agreement had set out pre-defined flight paths and Ed's company had to stick to the same conduits when leaving the planets that they fly between.  Such agreements wasted time and fuel, as often, flying straight to a destination would save several days and even weeks on the longer flights, but no they had to stick to these routes.

~~~~~ Later ~~~~~~

The captain asks Ed what the beeping was all about.

Ed replies, that it was merely a reminder that he had set for himself to check something.

The captain asks what exactly Ed wanted to check.

Ed not trusting the captain, to let him in on his little secret about the cross over of flight paths between their craft and the Garet-dwes-kenstia, simply replies, "Oh a colleague told me at around this time of the flight I should look out for a particular star system as they would be flying past."

The captain replies in a stern voice, that this journey was only a pleasure trip for the passengers, the crew should confine themselves to their duties.

Ed is tempted to say something about captains showing more loyalty to the company and not criticise the craft that they are allocated, but decides it best to keep quiet and say nothing.  

The captain, whilst not satisfied, as Ed has not acknowledged his comment, realises that there is very little that he can do about the situation, unless he wants to make even more of a scene about the matter and possibly make himself look silly.  He decides instead to keep an eye on Ed's activities.  For the time being he appears to be performing his duties adequately, continuing with the system checks that he was doing before the reminder sounded.

After a while Ed reports that everything is fine.  There was a slight overheat in the main drive, but he had trimmed the over exciter and that seems to have settled things out.  Ed is most surprised as the captain praises him for the corrective action.

Ed grabs an e-pad and pretends to do some further checks, whilst actually sneaking looks out of the large windows, looking for any sign of the  Kog-zey-enian craft the  Garet-dwes-kenstia.  Sure enough, he catches sight of something gleaming far off to the left.  It is much larger than a star and as Ed  glances at it again, he sees that it has moved.  Looks like it could cross their path ahead of the predicted time.  Unless of course this is not actually the  Garet-dwes-kenstia, it could be another craft, Ed hadn't checked for craft operating under other 'flags of convenience' as they were called.

Ed sneakily glances at the surround a trace display.  He quickly identifies the path of the other craft.  He can't quite make out the identifier tag, without getting closer to the screen and it would then be more obvious what he was up to.  Ed quickly glances to check for other craft coming from left side of the trace diagram, but there are none, so this just has to be the Garet-dwes-kenstia.

The captain makes Ed jump as he asks if Ed has spotted anything.  Ed replies just another craft approaching from the left.  He feels he needs go no further than that.  Although the captain presses him, by asking whether it is scheduled or not.  Ed uses this as an excuse to get closer to the screen, so that he can now read the identity tag.  Ed reports that it is the Garet-dwes-kenstia and that it was scheduled in this sector.  The captain whilst impressed that Ed had prepared for this event, also has his suspicions that Ed's real reason for checking the trace screen was to check out his friend's flight.  As a consequence, the captain suggests that Ed can go off duty as he's had a long shift.

Ed is at the same time relieved to be going off shift but also disappointed that he won't be able to closely monitor that Kog-zey-enian craft.  Then he remembers that the cafeteria has a good view out into space, so he bids the captain a good shift and departs.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter  6 - Encounters 

Ed soon finds himself settled at one of the tables by the large window of the cafeteria, enjoying the view and his meal.  He watches as the Garet-dwes-kenstia slides across the stars.  Ed marvels at its speed.  To a non professional it would look painfully slow, but to Ed's trained eye he can tell that the craft is moving at some speed.  

One of the passengers disturbs Ed as she asks if she can join him.  Ed has seen her several times before, in fact he has the strong feeling that she's stalking him, she seems to turn up whenever he appears on the passenger decks.  However, never before has she been this forward to actually request to sit at the same table.  If it weren't for the fact that Ed has Jenny, he would be quite flattered by her attention, after all she was quite good looking and from what one of the crew said recently, she was quite rich.  Ed was surprised that she was in this cafeteria, after all the first class passengers have their own serviced restaurant on the deck above and by all accounts the fittings were far more luxurious and comfortable.

The passenger is still awaiting Ed's response, her face doing the Rhojastian equivalent of smiling, her lower face carries subtle shades and colouration of red, orange and yellow.

Ed says, "Sorry, please take a seat, I was just watching a craft that is travelling ahead of us."

She gracefully lowers herself into the seat next to Ed's. She leans in towards Ed, making him feel quite uncomfortable.  Strange thing, personal space and feeling quite threatened or at least uncomfortable if someone moves into it.  She senses there's something wrong, as Rhojastian's are quite sensitive, whilst they are unable to read minds they can pick up on body language and pheromones.  They are at the same time, quite blunt at times, whilst also being quite sensitive.  She moves away from Ed and her facial colouration changes somewhat for a brief time, then returns to the smile colouration again.  She asks Ed his name.

Ed apologises for not introducing himself earlier, then tells her his name and that he is one of the crew.

She replies that the latter fact was self evident by the uniform.  Then she says that she would like to know more about the craft that Ed was observing.

Ed gets the feeling that she is just trying to make polite conversation and that she was hoping to build on that conversation.  Ed thinks that provided he makes it clear that he's just being a good host and that there's nothing more, it should be alright to engage in her seeking of someone to talk to.  After all perhaps she's fed up with the stuffy lot upstairs.  Ed knows all about them, he was forced to attend a function earlier in the flight.  He asks her name and adds if he may be permitted to ask such a thing.

Again she colours a smile, but tinged with something else, but Ed does not know what the extra element means; it is very attractive however.

She tells Ed that her real name would be unpronounceable to Ed, but his kind have often referred to her as Penelope.

Even if this is not her real name, at least Ed now feels a little more comfortable having a name to refer to her by.  Ed is about to comment that it was a nice name, but remembers it is not exactly her name.

Penelope remarks on the fact that Ed still seems to be somewhat uncomfortable and in an effort to settle him, she suggests that he 'spill the beans'.  Ed smiles at the use of the particular phrase in the current context.  Penelope says "That is better tell me about the  travelling ahead ."

Ed is confused at first, then  remembers their opening conversation about the Garet-dwes-kenstia.  He quickly recovers and stares out of the window for a short while, trying to pick up on the current location of the Garet-dwes-kenstia.  He soon spots it and points towards it, he tells Penelope the name of the craft and the fact that he is impressed with the speed at which it is crossing the stars in front of them.  He adds that the cargo apparently is foodstuffs bound for Hethianti 3 and 4.  Ed glances away from the window back towards Penelope.  Her yellow and green eyes are watching him with great attentiveness.  Ed notices that they are very pretty, the green and yellow swirls blending into each other in a fascinating pattern, that he feels drawn towards.  It is like watching a beautiful galaxy arrangement or the dawn sky at Althos 6.

Penelope says that she is most impressed with the interest with which Ed speaks about what many would consider an everyday event.  She adds that she admires Ed's..... she pauses as she searches for the appropriate words that she seeks, then continues, that she knows not the exact words that she wishes to say, but hopes her meaning is clear, then she says love that he throws into what he is saying.

Ed corrects Penelope, saying that thinks she is looking for the phrase she 'admires his passion'.

Penelope, ignores his comment and says that she admires the beauty and concentration of the humanist eye, the way that the central dark part changes size as it becomes interested in something.

Her honesty is a little alarming to Ed and he finds himself having to look away.

Penelope is herself somewhat alarmed now as she asks whether she has offended him, she is most apologetic saying that it would be her last wish to do such a thing.

Ed recalls that he was also admiring her eyes in a similar fashion and putting the mutual fascination purely into the domain of species interest in each other's appearance and behaviours made it alright.   He decides that it is his turn to apologise for his reaction.

Penelope quite philosophically remarks that they cannot help their frames automatic reactions.  Ed remembers that the Rhojastian's  refer to their bodies as frames.  It was Mickey who first told him this, as they were observing another Rhojastian passenger on a flight that they were both crewing.  Only on that flight Mickey was standing in for a steward, for extra moolar as he put it. He had over spent on his previous trip and need extra money so volunteered for the extra tour.

Ed agrees with Penelope and they start to chat about the journey thus far, exchanging notes about other passengers that they had encountered.  The time passes quite quickly and pleasantly.

Ed glances at the cafeteria clock and suddenly realises that he should be getting some sleep, otherwise he will be too tired when it comes to his next shift and it wouldn't do to report to the captain yawning.

Penelope asks what is wrong.

Ed tells her that he has to get some shut eye.  Penelope does not understand this.  So Ed explains that it is his rest period.

Penelope asks if he would like her to join him.

Ed is not sure how to answer this, then decides that he best simply explain that he needs sleep and that perhaps they could meet up the following day, when he has finished his next shift.  He smiles at her to reassure her that she has upset him.

Penelope's smile colouration returns and she holds out her hand.  Ed is unsure if he should shake it or kiss it like they used to do in old videos.  He settles on gently shaking her hand and he says, "Au revoir until we meet again tomorrow."

Penelope remarks that she has not heard such a pleasant phrase from a humanist before.

Ed departs before he gets engaged in further conversation.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter  7 - Appearing On The Arrivals Board?

Despite the fact that he really should have been sleeping, Ed had been so worried about the  Kog-zey-enian craft and whether it would do something to them, that he had spent a few hours continuing to monitor the Garet-dwes-kenstia.  However, nothing had happened.  

When Ed gets up for his next shift, he is somewhat bleary eyed and rather groggy, but he was glad that there was only about six hours left on this trip.  He had been quite on edge about that  Kog-zey-enian craft and then on top of that being harassed by that  Rhojastian passenger, what was her name again, oh yes Penelope.  Although she was quite beautiful and for her to pick on Ed to be her companion, said something for his good looks and charm.  He laughs at himself for boosting his own self esteem, he also remembers that the  Rhojastian vision of beauty was not the same judgement of that of a human, their vision is somewhat extended in terms of the spectrum of wavelengths they can detect.  Some say that they can even see the 'aura' that is believed by a few, to  surround every human.  Ed consoles himself with the thought that even though Penelope sees Ed differently to a human female, she still saw him as a beautiful person.  This made him feel good.  Then he remembers Jenny, he wonders what she would make of a female of another species making eyes at her Ed.  He smiles as he imagines her getting jealous.  Then thinks that she really would have nothing to be jealous of, Ed was merely being kind to someone travelling alone in deep space.  He was still Jenny's Ed.  

As Ed enters the cafeteria to get breakfast, he spots her, Penelope, sitting alone at the window, staring out into space.  After collecting his food, he wonders whether to join her or not, then thinks it would be a snub and rude not to.  He stands by Penelope and gently asks, "Is this seat taken?"

Penelope looks up at Ed and her colouration instantly changes to a large smile.  She greets Ed , invites him to sit down and asks how his rest period went.

Ed wonders if the last question is loaded in any way, but answers, "Not too good, took ages to get off to sleep."

Penelope remarks something about it explaining his looks.

Ed is not quite sure how to take this at first, then decides he is just being too sensitive, after all his quick glance at himself in the mirror earlier showed that he looked as bad as he felt... groggy!  So for an alien to also detect this, was not amazing, in fact quite ordinary.  He smiles at his own stupidity.

Penelope remarks, that this is a better look for him.

Ed asks if Penelope's rest period went well.  To which she informs him that her species do not need a rest period.  Which reminded her, that she wanted to ask why humans had to have a rest period, it seemed to be a totally unproductive thing to do.

Ed explains that it is time for the human brain to sort things out, that it has not had time to do during the day.

Penelope is fascinated that the human brain needs such time as she explains that the Rhojastian brain is triple threaded and can process things in background, avoiding the need for any unproductive time.

Ed asks if  Rhojastian's dream, then has to explain the concept to Penelope, as she does not understand what he is asking her.  Penelope explains something akin to the human daydream, she  adds that in their case, this daydreaming can take place whilst they are engaged in other activities.  A large smile comes over her face as she recalls something.  Ed now used to her smiles, asks what has made her smile.  Her colouration changes quickly, to a somewhat dull colouration, then returns to somewhat neutral colours and she explains that when she was the  Rhojastian equivalent of a teenager she was particularly good at studying and dreaming as Ed had referred to it as.  Ed asks if the  Rhojastian's can still carry out a conversation whilst dreaming.  Penelope replies that they can and its what makes life very interesting at times, especially if they get the dream sequence and real life mixed up and start talking about their dream, whilst still having the dream.

Ed finishes up his breakfast, glances at the cafeteria wall display and remarks that he should get a move on, as he needs to report for his shift.

Penelope says that it is a real shame that Ed can't stay and wouldn't the captain understand that he was keeping a passenger happy.  Ed says that as he is employed as a pilot and not cabin crew, he really should concentrate on getting the craft to its destination.  He glances again at the wall display and decides that it probably won't hurt to grab another coffee and chat for a few minutes longer.  He  tells Penelope that he is just going to grab a coffee.  As he is at the vender, another  Rhojastian walks into the cafeteria and sits down where Ed was sitting, there appears to be a bit of fuss being kicked up, although Ed does not understand what is being said, he gathers that the latest Rhojastian seems to be querying why there are meal things for two people at Penelope's table.

Ed decides, once he has collected his coffee, that this could be Penelope's partner and maybe it would be best for Ed to slip away.  He looks back just as he is about to leave the cafeteria.  He sees Penelope looking straight at him.  By the time the other Rhojastian looks around, Ed is gone.

It seems a bit of a relief to be reporting for duty, rather than facing the music with Penelope's partner, if that is what he is.  Although, Ed smiles, as he recalls the phrase 'face the music', face the music for what, all they were doing was chatting.  But then many species get very jealous over the smallest of things, that they see as a threat to their partnerships.  Come to that, it included Ed's own species.

The Captain, his usual cheery self, does the handover bit, which he could have quite easily covered by saying that nothing happened, they were still on course and target for arrival.  Instead, he had run through various readings and course changes that were all standard for this journey.  Ed patiently listened, whilst all the time thinking, 'Why don't you get off to your supper and bed and leave me in peace.'

Eventually the captain says that he is handing over to Ed and that he'll see him when they are about to land.  With that he glides out of the room.  Ed does his dutiful instrument and screen checks and confirms everything is 'tickety boo'.  A silly phrase that his Dad often used when he was looking after Ed and Paul and Maria would comm him to check that everything was alright, he'd say everything was 'tickety boo'.  Funny how parents sayings stay with you and you end up using them yourself, thought Ed to himself.  Then he thinks, right six hours and three course corrections to kill, just what was he going to do to keep himself sane?  Then he remembered that musivid collection he had downloaded onto his z-aphmediator.  Quite a handy device, could translate most of the common languages at the drop of an apsicon seed and without being asked to.  It also ran all sorts of useful and a heck of a lot of not so useful but fun applications, had a massive library capacity for media files including the latest rage in submersive games, although Maria had refused to let Ed and Paul get the implants to be able to use those.  They would have convinced her, had it not been for the fact that Edward had come down on the side of supporting her, saying that the implants were dangerous and the games likewise, potentially giving the games makers ability to override individual's self will and instead superimposing their own will in terms of making reality seem like a game and therefore wreaking havoc and mayhem on society.  Edward was convinced that there was a plot to take over the universe and that these implants and games were merely to tool to carry out the plot.  Edward was not the only one to think in such a way, so the implant manufacturers and games designers had an extreme mountain to climb to get the technology accepted.  The implant makers had taken to incorporating the technology into devices like the Z-aphmediator for free.  Although there was actually little point, as without the implant it didn't work.  Edward had been delighted that the implant manufacturers were on the brink of going 'bust' as he put it or chapter 11 as one of Ed's mates had referred to the state.

Ed had noted that those friends who had the implant and there were only a handful, seemed to have become quite dull and uninteresting, only ranting on about this or that game.  It seemed as if they were only happy when actually immersed in a game.  A few had flunked Academy and left with poor or no qualifications.  So it probably was a good thing that Maria and Edward had insisted that Ed and Paul didn't have the implants.

Ed soon pulls up the musivids and the flight deck is soon ringing with the sounds of the latest and most sub-zero sounds around.  Ed still does his dutiful instrument checks gently correcting things that he finds that need attention, whilst enjoying the music and 3-d video presentations.

The remainder of the journey passes without event, but is considerably more cheerful with Ed's entertainment.  He makes sure that he turns it off and packs it away long before the captain returns to the flight deck.  The final approach and landing goes to plan, in fact by the book.  

Ed and the captain are at the exit as the passengers leave.  Ed sees Penelope and her partner leave, she glances at Ed as she passes by, her partner still seems to be giving her her grief.  Ed smiles and Penelope returns a beautiful rainbow smile.

Ed is at the same time glad that the harassment is over, but equally sad to see Penelope go, as he was quite enjoying finding out more about her species, it was his first speaking encounter with a  Rhojastian and would certainly remain as a colourful one.  Ed smiles at his intentional pun.

Ed is glad when the last passenger leaves, a chance for a spot of shore leave.  He had not been to the planet of Deslax before.  Apparently it had some quite impressive rock structures, although they will probably not be stopping over long enough for Ed to visit those.  Ed asks the captain if he was needed any further.  The captain says that he will 'clean up', although quite what he meant by that, Ed couldn't even hazard a guess, as he had written up all the logs and checked that everything was shut down.  Eagerly Ed dashes off to his cabin to fetch his overnight bag, which he had already packed in anticipation of this moment.  

By the time Ed got back to the exit, the captain had long disappeared and there was only one member of crew on duty at the doorway.  Enviously they see Ed off the craft.

The space port itself is very large and airy, the roof of the main construct is quite a high see through dome.  The asteroid ring could clearly be seen above them.  Now that was a nightmare to navigate through without getting the craft holed, definitely a task that Ed would not have been trusted to do a couple of months back.  In fact he was quite proud of the way he navigated the craft so skilfully through and without a scratch.  The captain didn't say a thing as Ed announced that they were safely through.  Ed expected something, even a bit of criticism.  It was almost as if Ed hadn't actually piloted the craft at all and it had been on autopilot.

There to the left on the horizon were the two suns.  The planet was not actually revolving round two suns, one of the suns was actually some considerable distance away and had its own planetary system rotating around it, but it was so large, that it appeared as if it was in this planetary system.  A most strange sight.  Ed was looking forward to getting outside and seeing the suns and asteroid belt without being constrained by the metallic structure of the dome.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter  8 - A Lot Packed Into Two Days 

Whilst only having two days shore leave, Ed had managed to pack a lot into those two days and for the most part that was down to the friendliness of the locals and a few chance conversations that Ed had held whilst finding accommodation and trying to simply find his way around the place.  His first break had come when he reached the main information desk, the clerk was not awfully helpful, but there happened to be this guy standing near Ed who overheard his conversation.  The guy tore the clerk off a strip, saying that he should be ashamed treating visitors in such a way.  At first Ed thought that the guy was merely trying to make money out of Ed, as he suggested that he could stay at his brother's hotel, although he didn't call it a hotel as here they refer to such places as Visitation Basement Centres.  Ed was quite wary at first, but his self allocated guide, was very helpful, chatty and as it happened his brother's VBC or hotel was really luxurious but reasonably priced.  Ed's host claimed that he could not stand the places that rip visitors off and that was his prime reason for going into the VBC business, to ensure that his guest got genuine value for money and enjoy their stay so much that they will return again and spread the word across the galaxy.  Ed could quite see why guests would want to spread the word across the galaxy, when he saw his room.  

The man that had introduced Ed to this lap of luxury, had introduced himself as Davisk Cater-hiat, he told Ed that he could call him 'Dee Cee' as that was how most travellers referred to him as.  Dee Cee  had managed to get out of Ed the fact that he would have liked to visit the rocks of Nesjarvik, but he was sure it couldn't be done, in just two days.  Dee Cee tut tutted like a device gone faulty, he was obviously in strong disagreement with Ed's view.  Dee Cee told Ed that if you believed the e-Brochures and propaganda, that the tourist sector put out, that would be the case, but they just want to take visitors the long way round and make it seem as if it is further than it actually is, include an extra stop over and get as many credits out of them as possible. Dee Cee told Ed that his sister's friends owned a travelator that could whisk them to Nesjarvick in 300 galdeks, the equivalent of 2 hours.  What was more, around dusk is the perfect time to view the rocks.  If Ed wanted, Dee Cee could arrange a trip that very afternoon and as cousins also owned a VBC not far from the rocks, he could arrange a meal at their balcony restaurant.  He added that it would be no problem as he was already arranging a trip for another pilot from Ed's company.

Ed was really worried, that this was going to cost him a fortune, but when Dee Cee came up with the fully inclusive price, it was well under what he and Mickey would blow in a single night's entertainment.  Whilst feeling a little guilty about the fact that he should be saving, Ed, also saw that this was a lifetime trip that he couldn't really turn down.  He also felt a bit more reassured that there would be someone else from his company going with him, he just hoped that it wasn't going to be the captain.  Ed cheekily asked if Dee Cee  knew the name of the other pilot.  Dee Cee reeled off a name, but it meant nothing to Ed however, they had so many pilots from so many worlds that it was no real surprise that he didn't recognise the name.

After finding out that the other person going, was not his captain and still with some reservations about this Dee Cee character, yet Ed would really like to go on this trip; he decides that he will offer to pay half the quoted fee up front and the remainder on his return.  He tells  Dee Cee of his decision and  Dee Cee tells Ed that he is most surprised that visitors are always concerned about 'up front payments'  he adds 'is there no trust still left in the intergalactic alliance?'   Dee Cee adds that he wouldn't want a single credit until Ed is safely returned to the space port.  After all  he,  Dee Cee, would not have any expenses until the trip is done, part of the benefit of doing business with family and friends.   Dee Cee assures Ed that  Dee Cee's way of working was best for all concerned and keeps everyone happy.

Ed and Dee Cee shake hands on the deal and arrange to meet up in the hotel reception in a hundred galdeks, about three quarters of an hour. 

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Ed, no longer in uniform, wonders who amongst the others in the lobby of the hotel, sorry VBC, will be his fellow passenger.  Maybe they are all coming on the trip, if so, Ed hopes the travelator will be a comfortable size.  That starts Ed worrying about the safety of this transport vehicle.  That's the disadvantage of being a professional pilot, you can't just sit back and enjoy the journey, you are always worrying about the last time the vehicle was safety inspected and serviced and come to that whether the pilot or driver is actually properly trained and qualified.  Ed decides that he will have to put all these concerns on the back burner.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Dee Cee as bubbly as ever, strolls through the VBC's entrance and is greeted by his brother.  Dee Cee heads straight for Ed and he joyously shakes Ed's hand, then a female voice is heard behind Ed, she exclaims, "Ah click! Dee Cee click!  Thought me click! Had me the wrong time click!"

Ed turns and is most surprised to see a really stunning looking girl standing behind him.  Dee Cee introduces Ed to Jiash Weskeltov from AlmoonRhi Intergalactic Flights, then he introduces Jiash to Ed Glaceon of Regenis Intergalactic Flights.

Ed had heard of Weskeltov before and AlmoonRhi, but where and what context.  He racks his brains, but cannot remember either.  So decides to ask Jiash.  She says that he will have heard 'AlmoonRhi' at   space ports on the announcements, it is actually her home planet.  She goes bright green as she continues, "As for click! Me name click! It associate with me best flight student click! You name on list too click! Me not mistaken click!"  

It is Ed's turn to blush as he confirms that he had also made it into the top 10 intergalactic graduate pilot list.  They follow Dee Cee out of the VBC and there waiting for them is what looks like a cross between a golf cart and a quad bike, it has the same sort of large tyres.  It looks rather scruffy and rather out of place inside the dome.  It is covered in dust and looks like it could do with a wash.  Dee Cee invites them aboard and once they are seated, he closes the see through sides to the vehicle, explaining 'that it is rather dusty out there.'

Once they set off Jiash and Ed engage in discussion about where they had been and experiences.  It all made the journey to the take off location pass very quickly.  

Dee Cee seems quite delighted that his passengers are getting on so well.

When they arrive at the take off location, they can see a craft waiting for them, it looks rather like a green and grey shoe box on grey legs with a see through dome on top.  There appear to be people already on-board.

Ed remarks, that he hopes that they have not kept the other passengers waiting too long.  Dee Cee assures them that the others were early and enjoying a party, so no need to worry on their account.

Soon they are all aboard and the craft takes off on its one and a half hour journey.  Their host passes around some skin protective cream and encourages them to put some on, as the rays from the two suns can be quite damaging, especially this time of year.  They laugh at the fact that the cream is dark green and makes their skin all the same colour.

Various nibbles and drinks are passed around on the journey.  Including the sight seeing elements, the food, drink and the chat with other guests; the whole journey is most enjoyable and the one and a half hours passes very quickly.

Ed is delighted that the tour of the rocks was also well worth the trip.  He is delighted with the photographs that he takes.  

When the suns have set, the group adjourn to the VBC, which true to Dee Cee's promise is very close by, in fact so much so that they can still see the rocks from the balcony restaurant.  Finishing the trip off nicely.

On the journey back to the space port, Jiash says to Ed, "If it were not click! For the fact that click! Me find your speech difficult click! To follow click! As you do not pause click! But speak in one long click! Stream, I would quite like to pair with you click! As you have great click! Looks and standing click!"

Ed now feeling quite safe at Jiash's admission, says that he also finds Jiash quite stunning in terms of her looks and he is honoured at her admiration of his looks.  They laugh as he says that even if he tried very hard he would find it difficult to change his manner of speech and he 'Clucks' for comic affect.  He is most surprised when Jiash slides down in her seat and snuggles up to Ed.  Ed is not sure what he should do, but finds himself stroking Jiash's soft dark hair.  When they reach the VBC, Dee Cee is quite surprised to see Jiash snuggled up to Ed. He smiles and whispers, should we wake her?

Ed is quite surprised, as he didn't know she was sleeping.

~~~~~~


Chapter  9 - What Goes Around Comes Around

Ed was quite surprised that he had not seen  Jiash Weskeltov, come down for breakfast.  He had deliberately stopped around, to see if she was alright after yesterday's trip.  Ed wonders if she is just one of those people who skips breakfast.  He just hopes that she doesn't oversleep and miss her flight; although why he should come to that conclusion is a mystery, as he doesn't even know when her next flight out is scheduled.  Often there were stop overs of several days and sometimes if you are really lucky, several weeks.  Although the latter situation is not good if it is a poor location to be stuck at; and Ed has stopped at a few of those.

What to do with himself now, he has about 5 hours to dispose of before he has to report back to his craft.  Ed decides he will consult Dee Cee's brother.  He is somewhat disappointed to find hat Dee Cee's brother doesn't speak a word of English and he doesn't have a translator either. 

Ed decides that he will have to find his own entertainment, exploring the space port dome and possibly the municipality, if only he can find his way to it. That would certainly be a good starting point.  Ed goes up to his room, collects his things together and packs them away into his overnight bag.  He reports to the reception desk and surprisingly Dee Cee's brother understands enough English to ask "check check you out?"  Ed pays the bill and there are no unexpected surprises, it costs exactly what Dee Cee had quoted.  The hotel owner hands Ed a fancy cup that has advertising displayed on the side and showed animated pictures of the hotel and the tourist attractions of the planet.  Ed is confused and thinks that the man wants to sell him the cup, but the hotel owner manages to get Ed to understand that he wants nothing for the cup, then produces another one and shoves that towards Ed also, indicating that he can have a second one.  Ed decides that he had best take the cups, before he embarrasses the hotel owner any more.  Ed bows to the hotel owner and thanks him for his kindness.  The man understands the gesture, even if he does not understand the language.

Ed departs, trying to shove the cups into his bag, without dropping or damaging them.  He is glad that they seem to be made of some unbreakable material and can stand up to poor treatment.  He wonders how many more of these cups are making their way across, up and down the galaxies.  Potentially there could be billions of them, all little ambassadors of the planet of  Deslax and the VBC Cater-Hiat.  Now that the cups have been safely stowed away, Ed can turn his attention back to his sight seeing.  The dome seems particularly busy today, perhaps there has either been a particularly large passenger craft land, or maybe several smaller ones.  Then another possibility sprang to mind, that there may be multiple departures scheduled and that's why the populace of the dome has increased somewhat. In any case it adds something to the atmosphere of the place and come to that the overall noise.  Ed  makes a mental note that he must be more careful about his baggage, the last thing he wants is to lose his overnighter and those precious cups.  He laughs to himself and the thought of the latter.

The VBC Cater-Hiat hotel was near the outer ring of constructions of the dome.  Ed had decided that he would wander around this outer ring, in the hope that he could find the municipality.  There are several other VBCs near the Cater-Hiat, also what appear to be offices, some of these specialising in travel insurance and booking agents.  Surprisingly, no shops, although this would be a prime location for them.  Perhaps there is some sort of planning rule that ensures that the shops are confined to a particular area, presumably the municipality.  There didn't seem to be any shops in the main area of the space port, when Ed passed through it yesterday, it seemed to be mainly cafs, restaurants, checking-in areas and transfer tubes. Ed walked on and on, being passed every so often by a buggy similar to the one that he had travelled in yesterday.  He always looked at the driver, in-case it was Dee Cee, but none had Dee Cee even aboard, let alone as driver.  Ed was by now feeling quite fed up with offices and hotels, also being on his own.  He secretly hoped that Dee Cee would happen along like a genie uncorked from a magic bottle, but there was no sign of him.  Ed wished that he had paid for a GN connection and uploaded a map of this place, then at least he would know where he was in relation to his desired destination.

Someone comes up to him, starts to try and negotiate a sale of some pretty useless and nasty tourist memorabilia, but Ed waves them to a side, they are pretty insistent though, sure that they can interest Ed and negotiate a deal.  Ed again waves them to go away.  They take this as a sign to pull out another item from under the multi-layered garment they are wearing.  They start again with their sales pitch, first turning the item carefully over in their hand, so that Ed can admire the workmanship and detail.  Workmanship, thinks Ed, more like turned out by the million by some back-street machine somewhere.  Ed again indicates that he is just not interested.  This time, he is thankful that the seller has spotted a pair of hopeful tourists.  Ed keeps his head down and hopes that they  don't see him, as it is Penelope and her partner.  He turns sideways and darts behind one of the buggy vehicles that just happens to be passing at the time and as it is having difficulty negotiating its way through the crowds it has slowed down, making it easier for Ed to keep pace.  Good, the seller has engaged Penelope and partner in their sales pitch.  Ed makes a speedy getaway.

It was then that Ed noticed that the numbers of people had increased and the thoroughfare seemed somewhat busier.  Ed could feel himself being carried away like a small creature in the sea being swept along by an irresistible tide.  The row of buildings to the right seemed to swing away from him, as Ed strained to look over the sea of bobbing heads, he could just make out buildings across the other side.  As he looked up he could see that the dome merged into a sort of archway, this marked the tunnel that must lead to the municipality.  If only he could read the sign that was suspended in mid air, marking the entrance to the tunnel.  There were several languages, but none were ones he could read.  Which was strange for an interstellar space port. Perhaps the sign was old and no-one had thought to update it.

There was some jostling behind Ed and as a consequence, he found himself almost losing his balance as the crowd swept down this side path.  Ed thought that it was a good job he actually wanted to go to the municipality, as he'd have no chance of fighting his way against this tide of people.  Ed decides to pick up pace and the ploy works.  He manages to get ahead of the masses and the new found space feels much more comfortable, although he is not sure how long he can keep up this pace.  There's an entrance to the right side, Ed darts in and is pleasantly surprised at sudden amount of space before him and the lack of people.  He takes a leisurely stroll amongst the collection of cloths.  Ed thinks, "Wow this lot must cost a fair number of credits.  It looks quite high quality and there isn't a price tag in place, that's usually a sign that it is going to be pricey."  Ed taking the chance to have a rest and get his breath back, wanders around aimlessly admiring the patterns.

Lost in the sea of colours and patterns, Ed is totally unprepared for the salesman's voice as he asks, "Is sir looking for something in particular?"  Had it not been for the fact that it would be downright rude, Ed was tempted to laugh, as the voice and question were like something from a bygone earthonian age.  Ed finds himself uttering the phrase, "Oh just looking."  He is most surprised to hear his voice come out of the salesman's translator, in the local language.  The salesman asks if the particular cloth that Ed is beside appeals.  The conversation continues, with Ed trying his hardest to get away.  

Ed is most relieved when he hears an elderly voice say, "Ah English, I hope you have good taste young man, I wonder if you could help me as I am in somewhat of a dilemma.  I just cannot make up my mind between three materials."

The salesman seeing an opportunity at last for an actual sale, offers his help.  The woman engages in conversation about her choices.  Whilst Ed slips out of the store, before getting caught by anyone else.

The passageway outside is just as busy as it was before, but Ed manages to find a couple of pockets of space that enable Ed to move into a slower stream of people.  Ed is now able to take a more leisurely view of the area and the shops.  As Ed comes across shops or goods that interest him, he darts through the stream of people and takes a closer look.  In most cases the shops are too busy for the shop assistants to have time to bother Ed.  Which he is delighted about.  Ed sees numerous gadgets that he would love to buy, but given that he and Jenny are saving, he is being strong and resisted the temptation to buy.

Ed is no longer in the passageway, instead he now appears to be in a second dome, with all sorts of fancy high rise and interesting buildings.  The layout is much more random and less like rows and rows of shops, which makes for a much more interesting experience.  Ed's stomach is growling now, he glances up at the large floating clock in the centre of the dome.  He decides that he should take a meal break.  Looking round for somewhere suitable, amongst the large shops he finds a rather quaint little place, that just for its uniqueness alone deserves to be visited.  Ed is surprised that the place is nearly deserted.  A waiter quickly attends to Ed, inviting him to take his choice of table.  Ed chooses one by a window.  The waiter quickly brings him an e-menu, which requests Ed's language.  He is used to this routine and quickly navigates to English and a very attractive display invites him to select the type of meal he would like, ranging from a drink and pastry to a full blown 5 course meal.  Ed selects snacks and is presented with some very nice pictures and descriptions of the snacks on offer.

All this time the waiter is patiently waiting to take Ed's order.  Well with only a few customers he can afford to take his time.  When he sees that Ed has reached the third page, he suggests a couple of the meals featured.  Ed decides to go for the second one pointed out to him and hopes that the waiter's recommendation was just that and not that he was indicating the only two meals available.  The waiter points to the drinks tab and makes a rather suggestive noise.  Ed gets the idea that he is asking what drink Ed would prefer.  Ed opts for the Galzekian beer, he has had that a fair number of times before and it was quite a favourite of his now.  The waiter seems quite surprised at Ed's choice, but darts off, after first taking the e-menu with him.  It is only at this point that Ed has noticed that the waiter has some sort of wheeled shoes on and furthermore they must be motorised, as he does not appear to be moving his legs, instead moves around with a fast, smooth gliding motion.  Ed admires the grace with which he moves.

Ed's attention is drawn to the person who just spoke, he looks round and there standing beside him is the elderly lady from the shop which sold cloth.  She has asked Ed if he would mind giving her a hand and would he mind awfully if she joined him for luncheon as she was quite alone in this place.

Ed being a polite and helpful young man, helps the lady with her numerous bags and replies that he would be delighted if she joined him as likewise he was also alone.  

The waiter re-appears and seems to be somewhat concerned that his new guest should have her own table and not to bother Ed. However, Ed explains as best he can, that the lady is his guest.  The waiter gives up trying to convince the lady to leave Ed's table and instead presents her with an e-menu.

The lady announces, "Oh I am Emily Hawkins by the way and you are?"

The waiter points to the menu trying to indicate that she needs to select the language of her preference.

Emily brushes his hand away and protests that she really has to insist that he ceases this unwarranted attention.  The waiter does not understand and again tries to indicate what Emily should be doing.  

Ed laughs and says, "I do believe Emily that our friend here would like you to avail yourself of the houses enormous collection of items.  So that you can make a selection."

Emily tells Ed that she can never get on too well with these things and asks what was he having.

Ed replies that he could not pronounce it, but he was having one of the snacks on the third page.

Emily asks if it is one of those metallicy tasting things as she cannot stand those, always reminded her of a plegarian wrap.  

Ed assured her it would not have a metallic taste.  

Emily announces that she will have the same as Ed and a Guslakian tea.  The waiter seems to understand the second item but not the first.  Ed gently takes the menu selects language, snacks, 3rd page and points to the meal he is having, then selects drinks and after a short while points to the tea.  The waiter smiles and departs, after grabbing the menu again.

Emily smiles and thanks Ed for his assistance.

Ed introduces himself and asks if Emily staying on the planet for long. To which Emily replies that she is catching a flight bound for Regenis 4, departing in about two hours.  Ed smiles and tells her that he will be the pilot of that flight.  To which Emily delightedly says that she cannot believe her luck, to actually run into the pilot of her flight like this.  

Ed asks Emily why she is going to Regenis 4.  Emily replies that she has a nephew who lives there and he has been badgering her for years to come and visit.  Ed tells Emily that he also lived on Regenis 4.  They chat about the planet, its weather, tourist attractions and what it is like to live there.  

Their meals arrive and they are pleasantly surprised at how good they taste.  They try to compliment the waiter, but he is having a hard time to figure out what on Deslax they are wanting now.  Despite thrusting the menu at them they refuse to take it and refuse even to look at it.  The manager comes over and Ed explains to her that they wished to compliment the chef on such a superb meal.  She understands first time.  As the manager and waiter walk away, well in his case wheel away, she clips him about the ear and utters some insult or other.

Ed asks the lady what cloth she bought in the end.  She says that she wished that Ed had stayed, as she really wanted his opinion and the salesman was so useless that she ended up buying all three as she still couldn't make up her mind.  She quickly shows Ed all three cloths and he comments that no wonder she was unable to make up her mind, she had such good taste that it would be very difficult to make up her mind between three such wonderful cloths.  Emily asks Ed which he would have chosen for her.  He selects the middle one, saying that he felt it matched her requirement particularly well.  Emily is silent for a moment and then announces that she was right to have faith in him, he was perfectly right.

With the bill paid they set off together to take in the last few shops, before returning to the check in desk.  They decided to stick together.  When they came to a soft furnishings shop, Ed sees some wall hangings that particularly catch his eye and he asks Emily what she thinks about them.  She says that whilst they were not to her particular taste she could see why he was attracted to them.  She pointed to one in particular, saying that she felt this was the most interesting and engaging of the collection.  Ed says that he agrees and that feels sure that his Jenny would love it and he was minded to get it for her.  To which Emily insists that she will buy it for them as a little present to thank Ed for his friendship to a dotty old lady.  Ed says he couldn't possibly let her do this and that it was his pleasure and privilege to accompany Emily.  Before he knows it, Emily has purchased the hanging, it is bagged and in Eds hands.  He is still protesting as Emily marches him out of the store.

They visit a few art shops, but nothing grabs their eye.  A few shops latter and Emily sees a box of rather special sweets that are more like miniature works of art that sweets.   Ed buys them for her and they set about returning to the check-in desk.  Ed makes it just in time to get on-board before passenger embarkation takes place. 

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 10 - Where Is The Captain?

Ed is glad that the captain is nowhere to be seen.  He darts up to his cabin, dumps his things and darts back down ready to greet the passengers.  Still no sign of the captain.  There are two other crew members impatiently waiting for the first passengers to board.  Ed asks if they have seen the captain, to which they reply that no-one has seen him since they arrived yesterday.  Ed is getting worried now, he will not be able to handle this flight on his own, in any case it was regulations that there must be a captain aboard, otherwise the flight cannot proceed.  With passengers due on-board at any moment, Ed wonders what he should do, as technically he is now the senior officer and the decisions rest with him.

The two crew members with Ed, are chatting away about something, which by the sounds of it is totally unrelated to work.  They do not seem at all worried at the absence of a captain.  Ed is still in a dilemma.  He thinks through his options: Do nothing and pretend everything is rosy and just greet the passengers, then if the captain doesn't appear go into panic mode; slip away now and see if he can contact the captain and find out the score; or just report the fact that he has no captain to the port authorities so they can delay boarding.  Ed re thinks his options in terms of the passenger's viewpoint, to be boarded as usual will keep them all calm, in any case the captain may have just been delayed getting back to the craft; whilst it would look odd boarding without a flight crew member being present, at least Ed can sort things out behind the scenes, he can probably get hold of the second flight in any case, to stand in for him here; and lastly informing the authorities and delaying boarding will make the company look bad, not to mention the captain could find himself in . Ed decides to opt for the middle option, he excuses himself from the crew members, saying that he has to quickly sort something out.  As he darts down the corridor he runs into Fjas the second flight officer, effectively Ed's junior.  Ed says, "Ah Fjas, have you seen the captain?"

Fjas, not one for a great many words shakes his head.  

Ed asks, "Could you greet the passengers, whilst I try and find out what has happened to the captain, as without him we can't depart."

Fjas says nothing, but his facial expression tells all, there's fear written all over it.  Ed thinks to himself, 'talk about green, this is ridiculous, the academy and flight school should have prepared him for something like this, its part of a flight officer's duties.'  Ed issues some reassuring words of encouragement and a few tips and Fjas is on his way up the corridor to join the two crew members at the entrance.  Ed is delighted that Fjas seems to have a bounce in his step now, that was missing before.

Ed finds a comms cubical and calls the captain's comms unit, but gets no reply.  He sends a message and hopes that wherever the captain is he'll see it and get back in touch.  Ed heads up to the flight deck in-case the captain is up there checking things out.  Ed is disappointed to see that not only is the deck deserted, but all the screens and controls are still in shut down state.  Ed wonders just what is going on.  It is almost like the captain has been kidnapped.  The nagging doubt crosses his mind, is it time to inform the authorities that the captain is missing?  Ed still errs on the side of trying to find the captain himself.

As he heads back down to the lower decks he comes across Selanor, one of the senior attendants.  He asks if she has seen the captain recently.  Selanor pauses to think for a moment then to Ed's surprise she replies that she had seen him twice today, this morning in the cafeteria and this afternoon about two hours ago, he was heading towards engineering.  She added that he had specifically told her that if anyone asked for his whereabouts, he was in engineering.

Ed thinks to himself, 'Why didn't you just deliver the last bit to me?'  He thanks Selanor and heads towards engineering.  He is relieved to see the captain and the two engineers bent over one of the work benches.  Ed not wanting to startle them, but knowing full well that the protocol was to ask permission before entering engineering, makes a gentle throat clearing noise, but no-one hears him above the noise of the equipment.  Ed makes a second attempt, but louder this time.  The captain turns around and rather gruffly tells Ed to come on in, then launches into an explanation as to the problem that they are facing.  He tells Ed that the exciter is playing up and that Ed's report on their outward trip had been useful to the engineers as they took a look at the device and found that it was in fact malfunctioning.  Now they couldn't get it to work at all.

The chief engineer launches into a highly technical explanation, to which Ed listens carefully.  The captain remarks, that the whole sorry business has him baffled.

Ed says that far be it for him to suggest anything, but he says that he had encountered a similar problem whilst at the academy and then went into details as to what they had tried then.  

The chief engineer asks some questions and after some thought, concludes that Ed may have stumbled upon part of the answer, he went into some highly technical explanation as to why what Ed suggested would have worked, then he said that if they did some extra things, it should prove to be a longer term solution.  The captain steps back as Ed assists the engineers.  As the captain is confident that the team know what they are doing, he tells everyone that he will go up and greet the passengers.  The Chief Engineer looks up and acknowledges the captain's message and he is soon back into the thick of things.

The captain is delighted that they may have found a solution to the problem and fancy that, all down to that academy boy.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Ed checks his messages, one from Jenny, two from Richard and one from a fellow academy pilot,  working also for the same company as Ed.  He'll save the one from Jenny until later, when he is off duty and can relax.  As for the two from Richard, they could have relevance to the trip home, so he had best open them now, the one from his fellow pilot could just be the usual leg pulling.   The first message from Richard is just normal family banter and Richard wishing Ed a happy shore leave.  The second looks more serious.  Ed immediately opens that one and is shocked to discover that yet another craft has disappeared, from his company's fleet.  Apparently it happened in the Negesoius sector, or at least heading towards there.  Richard warns Ed to be extra vigilant, as if he needed to do that, Ed was already highly strung about all this.  There were no other details known according to Richard.

Ed hurriedly opens the message from his mate Jason, he thinks its a joke at first as most of it seems to be jumbled up letters and complete garbage.  However, there are a few words that make sense.  Ed stares at the message for a while.  He manages to make sense of the start, it says something about trouble, disturbances of the space in front of Jason's craft. Then something about shapes, ripples and something else being visible, but quite what Ed cannot make it out.  Further down amongst the jumbled up letters there is mention about a craft travelling at very fast speed.  

Ed decides that he will send the message to Richard along with what he can make out of the it, as Richard was the encryption expert in the family.  Ed could always try and figure out more throughout his shift.  There, message sent, be some time anyway before Ed gets any reply even an acknowledgement of receipt.  Ed decides to quickly send a reply to Jason, in-case he is just messing about.    

The rest of his shift runs like clockwork and every so often Ed has another look at Jason's message.  It is a bit like a jigsaw puzzle, each time you look at it, another piece seems to fit or you think of a way it can fit, only to find that it doesn't.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

The captain is back on the flight deck, he says that he does not know what Ed did or said to Fjas, but he now seems to have some spark about him, whereas before he was merely wallpaper.

A somewhat harsh remark, thinks Ed to himself, alright Fjas has not exactly been a model pilot, being somewhat quite and keeping very much to himself.  Not exactly a team player, as one of Ed's tutor's would have put it.  However, Fjas is always willing to get on with the job in hand without complaining and generally you didn't have to ask for something more than once.  Each to their own way, as one of Ed's friends often says.

The handover to the captain goes well and  Ed receives a congratulatory message from the chief engineer to say that Ed's idea with a few of his own thrown in for good measure had worked and "she is purring along nicely" as the chief puts it.

Ed slips off to the cafeteria to grab some dinner before hopping off to read Jenny's message and get some shut eye.  Ed is pleasantly surprised to see that Emily is sitting by one of the windows.  Ed grabs his meal and asks if he could join her, Emily is delighted.  They talk about her cabin and the fact that she was delighted to be on such a well fitted out craft, although she said that some of the entertainments left a bit to be desired.  Ed laughed at that as he held the same view about some of the entertainments that he had witnessed on the outward journey.

Meal over, Ed bids her a pleasant journey and apologises for having to leave her, but he had to get some sleep.  He said that he would probably run into her again in the morning.  They say their good byes and Ed heads off to his cabin.  He spots Fjas catting to one of the trainee crew members, they seem to be getting along famously.  Ed decides not to disturb them as he passes by, but keeps an ear out in-case he catches any of their conversation.  Fjas, too engrossed in chatting up this young lady, doesn't spot Ed.  Ed notes that the girl that Fjas is chatting up seems to be lapping up the attention and is most enthusiastic about his invitation to swap some musivids. Ed thinks, 'watch this space eh mate?'

Ed soon reaches his cabin.  He had forgotten that he had just dropped his stuff on the floor and now had to unpack.  Whilst he can't quite bring himself to do it, he makes himself sort it before settling down to read Jenny's message.

Right everything away and at last Ed can settle down and enjoy Jenny's message.  Although enjoy, is not actually the thought that comes to Ed's mind when he starts to read the message.  As Jenny has heard about the latest craft disappearance and is all up tight about it, saying things, like she should not have let Ed go out and that it was too dangerous and if anything were to happen to him, she'd never forgive herself.  It all makes Ed wish that he were back with her now, so that he could re-assure her.  He makes his mind up to send her a vid-message.  There's nothing like seeing someone, to reassure you that they are keeping well and doing alright.  Ed reads on and the tone of the message changes, thank goodness to the fact that Jenny has been nominated for some sort of prize and as a result the offer of commissions were coming in thick and fast, so much so that she just didn't have the time to fit them all in and was in the luxurious position to have to be picky and choosy about which ones to accept.  Typical of Jenny, she then goes on to worry if she'll actually get time to be creative and have the inspiration to do a good job of the commissions that she accepts.  Ed laughs as he thinks of the phrase, 'An artist's lot is not an easy one.'  

At least all he had to worry about was making sure this bucket of a craft kept going and didn't run into trouble on the way home.  There, easy in comparison.  Ed smiles at that thought.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 11 - When Friends Meet in Space

Ed is on the flight deck again for another shift.  The half day off whilst Fjas did his shift was a welcome break from the stress and routine.  Ed had managed to figure out a few more words and phrases from Jason's message and unfortunately he had confirmed that it was Jason's craft that had disappeared.  In fact it was knowing that, which helped decode some more of the message.  Richard had acknowledged Ed's copy of Jason's message, in fact it was Richard who confirmed that it was Jason's craft.  As yet nothing further from Richard or his team.  So Ed didn't know if he was the only one getting somewhere with Jason's message.  Every time he was tempted to send what he had decoded to Richard, he had the overwhelming feeling that he had just not uncovered enough to be really useful and decided to stick with it.  Ed had checked ACMoS for flights crossing their path on this segment of the journey and this time he was just as interested in his own company's flights as he was about those of the Kog-zey-enian craft.  There were none of the latter scheduled in this area of space, but there was another company craft, due to cross their path in about 20 minutes time.  Ed could now see the trace of the craft streaking across in front of them.  He should get a visual in about 10 to 15 minutes time.  

Ed dutifully checks all the instrumentation and decides to put  in a courtesy call to the chief engineer to see how things were going in engineering.  After a very pleasant chat, Ed spots the craft ahead of them, emerging behind the star system Utarius.  He thought he caught a glint of the craft earlier, this sighting confirms that it was the Geshbelhaus, according to a message that he received whilst on shore leave, one of his fellow academy pals was aboard, although not actually piloting this time, simply transferring to his next craft pick up point.

The time ticks away and sure enough, there to the right of them is the Geshbelhaus, its shape and form much more clearly visible now, as the Cosmos 3 approaches the cross over point.  Ed sends a greeting message to his Pal, Keiran Yardley.  The message reads, 'I spy with my little eye, a certain craft bearing a Keiran, oh you did make the flight didn't you?  You are off our starboard bow and streaking right across in front of us nicely, don't forget to look out of the window, you'll see a nut case waving furiously out of the flight deck windows of the Cosmos 3.  You can discretely wave back, I'll keep an eye out for you, unless of course, you're asleep in which case, sorry I missed you, catch ya again sometime.  Yours Ed.'

Hardly had Ed hit the send button when a beacon acknowledgement came back to say message delivered.

Ed watches as the Geshbelhaus continues to cross in front of him.  His communicator beeps.  Ed looks at the screen and it reads, 'What miss the chance of ignoring a nut case waving like mad hoping that none of the passengers notices him, no way.  Hope your captain is on deck and reprimands you for acting so strange. KY.'

Ed laughs and sends the reply, 'Sent him packing, I'm on the bridge on my own, got to trusted status. Ed.'

The reply comes back, 'How many moons did you have to avoid to achieve that then? KY.'

Ed replies, 'Too many! How's it going?  Will you get any shore leave before you pick up your next duty?'

Keiran replies, 'You got to be kidding, they want me straight in the saddle, I'm up on first duty.'

Ed replies, 'Still being watched?'

Keiran replies, 'Na, like you trusted status now.  I think they are just lazy, don't want to watch me for hours on end, whilst I d nothing wrong.'

Ed says, 'So they have forgiven you for the dent that you left in dock port 23 at Hescidian?'

'I'm still paying for the repairs, but essentially yes.  Come on it was a mistake anyone could make! Ky'

'Yes loads of pilots ignore the beacon lights and decide on their own approach path.  Anyway have a good one, I understand from Mickey that you're joining him on his return, that right? Ed'

'Yep... hey what's that off our starboard, can you see it Ed?'

Ed looks carefully but, whatever Keiran can see is shielded by the Geshbelhaus itself.  Ed checks the trace diagram, to see if anything showing up on that.  There is something, but it is not a craft, or if it is, it is cloaked.  As a precaution Ed sends a hasty message to Richard to alert him that there maybe something happening here.

Suddenly Ed can see a hazy outline around the Geshbelhaus craft, he wonders if it is something to do with the engines and possibly a collapsing field......no expanding field, the haze is getting bigger.

Another message from Keiran, 'It like ripples on pond'

As the haze spreads out even further, Ed can see why Keiran had described it in the way he had, it does look like ripples on a pond and as Ed's side of the Geshbelhaus is not hazy, whatever he can see must be the other side of the craft.  As it grows ever wider, Ed notes that he can actually see something the other side of the ripples, but it is too indistinct to make out quite what it is.  At first Ed thought it was a reflection of the Geshbelhaus itself, but as his mind  raced to piece the images together, nothing matched the shape and colouration of the Geshbelhaus.

A further message from Keiran, 'It huge, our craft seem to be drawn towards center.  Pilot must kick in drive soon or we crash into it. Whatever it is.'

Sure enough Ed notices that the Geshbelhaus seems to be shrinking considerably in size in comparison with that..... whatever it is.  It is not a black hole, it doesn't seem to be exhibiting any of the usual visuals of a black hole, there's nothing being dragged into the periphery of its outer ring.  Ed checks the distance between the Geshbelhaus and the Cosmos 3.  Despite the fact that the Cosmos 3 is travelling towards the Geshbelhaus, the distance between the craft is growing.  So Keiran is right it is being drawn towards that pond like thing.  Ed checks all relevant instrumentation and everything seems normal, apart from the fact that according to some of the instruments, the stars and galaxies behind the pond like thing, appear to have been shifted sideways, as if the light and other emissions have been bent around the pond.  In the absence of the captain, Ed takes the decision that to safeguard himself and the passengers, he must deviate from his current course, so their path of travel skips this thing altogether.  He wonders why the pilot of the other craft appears to be making no effort to escape that thing.  Ed changes course and then thinks, why not ask the pilot directly, just what is going on.  So he places a voice call direct to the flight deck of the Geshbelhaus.  Whoever is at the other end tells Ed that they are a little busy at the moment so could he keep this call short and straight to the point.

Ed whilst thinking that the approach was a little impolite, thinks that given the same circumstances, he'd probably have the same focus, concentrating on getting away from that thing.  Ed replies, "I just wanted to say that if you find you cannot escape that thing beside you, and need to launch escape rafts, Cosmos 3 will be on standby to pick up survivors."  Ed thinks that on reflection, survivors was the wrong word to use.

The pilot thanks Ed and says that at the moment their focus was on trying to outrun this anomaly, but they will bear in mind the option to launch escape rafts, knowing that Cosmos 3 was around.

Ed watches as the Geshbelhaus is drawn in at increasing speed, ever shrinking in size.  Ed wonders just when the flight crew will realise that they are on a no win against that thing.  He just hopes they launch the escape rafts soon, even if it is a case of launch them, escape that thing and pick up their own rafts afterwards.  That would be Ed's strategy given same circumstances.  He probably would have launched a lot earlier though, especially knowing that there was was another company craft in such close proximity.

Another message from Keiran, 'Engines seem to be on max, but not helping, still being drawn in. Just been given instructions to head to rafts, so get ready to pick us up, see you earlier than anticipated eh?'

Just then a voice message comes in from the captain of the Geshbelhaus confirming that the orders have been given to evacuate passengers and non-essential crew from the port side.

Ed watches the little craft as they slide away from the Geshbelhaus.  At first there are just a few of them dotted alongside the Geshbelhaus.  Each emanating the coloured flares, indicating that their engines have fired.  The numbers grow as more and more passengers escape.  

The thought crosses Ed's mind, which of those tiny dots contains his mate Keiran?

Judging that the Cosmos 3 is a safe distance from the pond like thing, Ed slows up the craft, preparing to retrieve the escape rafts.  He decides that he should inform the captain, as this is serious now and he has committed the Cosmos 3 to a rescue mission and having never been involved in such an operation, he needs all the help and expertise he can get.

Ed expected the captain to be even more grumpy than his usual self, but when Ed called him and explained the gravity of the situation, the captain confirmed immediately that he was on his way and commended Ed for his action saying that he was right to call him.

It seemed as if the captain was already dressed when Ed had called him, as it did not take long for him and Fjas come to that, to appear on the bridge.  The captain explained that such a circumstance called for all hands to be on deck.  Ed briefed the pair of them in detail what had happened, about the communications with the Geshbelhaus and Keiran.

The captain asked if Ed had informed any of the crew of the rescue.  Ed said that he hadn't he didn't want to start a panic.  The captain corrects Ed reminding him that these craft have large windows and the fact that there are crew and passengers up a all hours, someone was bound to have seen at least some of what Ed had seen and that the art here was to get in first and plant the seeds of thought that everything is under control and that as a precaution the other craft is evacuating their passengers, just to make absolutely sure of the their safety and that they will be picked up as soon as the craft is deemed to be on a safe path again.  The captain demonstrates what he means and makes an announcement over the tannoy system that covers all areas of the craft where passengers and crew will be awake and milling around.  The announcement having been skilfully delivered, the captain contacts the chief steward and briefs her on how to prepare the crew for the embarkation rescue.  He checks that she knows the safety precautions regards operation of the dock-o-matic system and the air locks.  She runs through the procedure as if she were actually doing it.  The captain praises her saying that her rendition was faultless and promises to keep in touch.

The captain asks if Ed has informed engineering.  To which Ed replies, "Er no, I didn't....."

To which the captain smiles and asks how Ed would feel being thrown into the thick of things and not even knowing what you are facing anything.

Ed now appreciates that there's more to this captain lark than just making sure you get from A to B safely.  He may not have liked the old grumpy captain, but this man before him now is a model of efficiency, motivating and communicating well with his team.  It is almost as if someone has thrown a switch and turned on a decent captain in a matter of milliseconds.  Even Ed feels more motivated now, not that he was lacking in that area before.

Fjas is set the task of plotting the course of all the little escape craft and monitoring them all to ensure they don't drift off on their own little mission.  The captain instructs Ed to turn on the rescue beacon, so the rafts will automatically continue to head towards the Cosmos 3, even if she has to change course.

The captain meanwhile contacts the captain of the Geshbelhaus, there's a quickly friendly exchange of banter, then straight down to business.   They advise each other as to their actions and current status.  The captain then sends a message to the company to alert them.  Ed then thinks of Richard, he hastily sends a short but straight to the point message, asking him not to inform the family as yet.

Then Fjas reports, that despite their best efforts, the escape rafts are unable to get away from the Geshbelhaus, at best they are maintaining their distance away from her, at worst, there are one or two heading back towards her.

The situation is getting more and more desperate, as the Geshbelhaus slips ever faster towards the centre of that.... that.... thing.

The captain talks with the chief engineer to see just what power their own engines are currently capable of piling on, in-case they have to try and get closer in an effort to rescue at least some of those rafts.  

Ed and Fjas, can see from the captain's face and also tell from the questions he is asking, that the news is not good.  Engineering has been doing its own checking and research into this anomaly and discovered that it is emanating some sort of directed gravity wave and this is what is drawing the Geshbelhaus into it.  The chief suggests that the Cosmos 3 could approach from one side of the anomaly in the hope that it escapes the gravity wave effects and that at least some of the rafts can slide off towards them, as the wave appears to be weaker at the edges, but timing would be essential and there would be no guarantees that they don't get sucked in themselves.  There is some detailed discussion about the distances that are suspected to be involved.

The call over, the captain is silent for a while, then he turns to Ed and he remarks, that whilst the  academies try to prepare you for such an eventuality, when it comes, the final decision is down to one person, the captain.  The choice is usually the same old choice of to save a few and risk the masses or standby and do nothing in the vain hope that something miraculous happens and it will all go away.   The captain asks Ed what he would do in these circumstances.  There is silence.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 12 - A Captain's Decision

Ed now feels the captain's dilemma at first hand, whilst he knows that the actual decision does not rest on his own shoulders, he feels that he has the opportunity to show that he is at least capable of making such a decision and who knows he may even have the power to influence the captain's actual decision.  If he, Ed, were in the captain's shoes, what would he decide?  On the one hand he has the duty to safeguard his own passengers' lives, on the other, his own humanity demands that he cannot stand by and watch as the passengers of the Geshbelhaus perish before his eyes.  Yet how can he balance the rescue of only a few of those passengers, against the gambling of his own and his passengers lives.  The answer must rest in the odds of success.  What were the last words of the captain's call with the chief of engineering?  Yes it was, 'well get me those field strength readings and get them fast, there are lives at stake.'  Ed wonders if the captain had given engineering all they need to get him the facts.  Also if you are even considering a rescue, why wait out here, trying to attract the escape rafts, when you know this to be the worst position for them, they are trying to escape an inescapable gravity wave.  Instead try and get them to slide across it.

The captain patiently waits for Ed to speak, confident that he will not let him down.  

The strain is showing on Fjas's face, he is willing Ed to end the torment and speak.

Ed asks, "Can engineering get us the field information we need from this position in space?"

The captain smiles and tells Ed that he had not thought to ask, but trusted that the chief advise him if there were a problem.  Then he invites Ed to ask the question himself.  Ed does as suggested.  

It transpires that whilst engineering could get some information, it would be better if the craft were positioned to one side, as that would give them a clearer view so to speak.  Ed turns to the captain and replies, "You wanted my view Sir, I suggest that we change position and slide to the port side of the anomaly, but still stay in front of it, maintaining a position that the gravity wave cannot affect us.  This would cause the escape raft to slide across the gravity field and give them greater opportunity to escape the wave, as I suspect it will be weaker at its outer edges, thereby giving the rafts more of an opportunity to slip the noose so to speak.  This will also give engineering a greater deal of accuracy in order to ascertain a safe distance that we can approach from the side of the anomaly, vastly reducing the risk of us being drawn into it ourselves.  In this way we stand a chance of rescuing some of the rafts at least and putting ourselves and our passengers at minimal risk.  If we stand and do nothing or flee, we would be guilty of abandoning the aims of the company, namely to get as many passengers safely to their destination or at least the nearest safe destination, before onward flights can be arranged."

The captain is silent for a short while and then nods, he confirms that the academy has trained Ed well and he has the potential to make captain yet.  Ed and Fjas are given the instructions in order to carry out Ed's plan.  The captain then sets about talking to engineering then the captain of the Geshbelhaus. 

Ed just hopes that amongst the few escape rafts that they manage to rescue, his friend Keiran is on one of them.
Ed changes the course heading and speed.  As the captain finishes his call to the Geshbelhaus, Ed asks if he can speak.  The captain nods and smiles.  Ed says, "Bearing in mind what you said earlier about keeping people informed and avoiding panic, would it be advisable to inform the passengers that we are not doing a runner, but instead mounting a rescue?"

The captain agrees and suggests that the details be kept to a minimum at this stage, as all they wanted to achieve is reassurance not confusion and misunderstandings.  Ed nods.  The captain takes him by surprise suggesting that as Ed understands the situation well, he should make the announcement.  Ed's face is a picture of horror, he can't believe that the captain has given him this task.  Ed summons calm about himself, stops panicking and gathers his thoughts together then makes the announcement, "May I please have your attention for a moment.  My name is Ed Glaceons, I am one of the flight crew.  As many of the passengers and crew members will have probably observed, there is another craft near us and it has run into trouble.  We are changing course in order to lend our help and pick up some of their passengers.  There is another craft on its way to also lend assistance.  If you have any concerns about this routine procedure, could you please discuss it with a member of the crew who will either answer your questions or refer your concerns to me or the captain."

The captain praises Ed for taking responsibility for the announcement and any follow up.  He is interrupted by a call from engineering, it is the chief himself.  The call makes the captain laugh.  When the call is finished, he tells Ed and Fjas that the chief was never happy, he had complained that the craft is going too fast for them to get any readings.

Ed slows the craft right down and at the same time makes a minor course correction.  

A few minutes later Fjas reports that most of the escape rafts were following the Cosmos 3 and seemed to be sliding relatively easily across the gravity wave.  

There is a call from engineering, the captain announces that engineering have sent up the figures they need.  Ed pulls up the information on the main screen, the figures make little sense, just columns and columns of figures.  The captain pulls the chief's leg about the confusing figures and the chief gets his revenge by saying that the second tab shows a field diagram with key positions and directional vectors.

Ed clicks the tab and at last, here is something that they can all relate easily to.  It even shows the current positions of the Geshbelhaus and Cosmos 3 craft.  Ed is pleased that his course correction were "bang on the money" as a friend of his fathers often said.

The captain moves towards the screen, grabs a scriter and starts drawing a path from the Cosmos 3's current position to some arbitrary point beside the anomaly.  He tells Ed and Fjas that he reckons that if they get themselves to this new point it will probably be the optimum position for the raft to slide to.  The chief, now on speaker suggests a position a bit further back, then launches into a detailed explanation about the field patterns representing high strengths of attraction and others representing least resistance.  The captain agrees to the new position then turns to Ed and tells him to make it so.  Then says he's wanted to use that phrase for years, but never quite had the right circumstances or people around.  Fjas asks if it came from an old movie.  Ed says, "Not quite but you're on the right track."

Fjas reports that the escape rafts are making good progress in heading towards the Cosmos 3's new position.  It would appear that engineering have got things right and that there is a high likelihood that they can save quite a few of the passengers.  The bad news however is the fact that the Geshbelhaus is ever faster slipping closer towards the anomaly. 

As the Cosmos 3 comes to rest, the crew prepare to start the embarkation exercise as the first of the rafts approach, having broken free of the gravity wave.

Ed has found himself with some time to spare, so he sends Richard an update on the situation.  By the time Ed has finished sending his message, the first of the rafts is arriving.  Ed gently adjusts the position of the Cosmos 3, so that docking should be easier.  The first raft docks successfully and according to the chief steward the crew have set about helping the passengers aboard.  Emergency accommodation has been arranged for them.  

The next raft is approaching, but from a strange angle.  Ed tries to adjust the Cosmos 3's position to make docking possible, but the raft completely misses it's docking arm and heads off out to space.

The captain suggests that Ed go down to the docking port and try to manoeuvre the craft from there, as it would be easier to get a more accurate fixation on the position of the incoming raft.  Ed says that he has never done that type of manoeuvre from a docking port.  The captain asks Fjas to keep  an eye on things on the flight deck whilst he takes Ed down to a docking port.

As they reach one of the docking ports, they can see through the window that the raft, which had missed last time is making another run in towards them.  The captain gives Fjas some instructions to turn the craft round a bit, otherwise the raft will miss them again.  The captain explains to Ed, that these port steering stations are only intended for fine adjustment work, the main directional heading should be set by the flight deck and then the minute adjustments done down here.  Ed waits for Fjas to finish his course corrections, then a green light appears on his panel.  Ed takes the joystix and at first nothing happens, the captain points to the accept control buttons and tells Ed to stab these in order to take over. 

There is a low rumble noise as thrusters kick in.  The raft in front of them seems to be moving across the docking window.  It is now heading for the docking arm or guide rail as some call it.  After a while the raft bumps the guide rail and there is a scraping noise.  Then a click as the guide rail latches into the docking eye.  Ed operates another control and the guide rail gently swings the raft across, lining it up to the docking portal.  There are minute adjustments taking place all the while, as the docking mechanism reads the alignment marking on the raft and gently guides it into place.  Then there's a clunk noise as the two docking rings find each other and one neatly sits inside the other.  It is amazing that 8 times out of 10 no human intervention is required with this sort of manoeuvre.  These rafts and the docking equipment just get on with the job.  Soon there is a bustle of activity as crew members prepare to help the passengers out of the raft itself.  The airlock now opens and Ed hopes that one of the passengers aboard will be Keiran.  However, it is not to be.   

The captain checks in with Fjas and finds that there are four more raft heading in.  The captain asks if any look as if they are in trouble.  He is pleased to hear that Fjas thinks they are all on target and not showing any problems.  The captain suggests that Ed stay down on this deck in-case any further  manual manoeuvres are required.  

Ed lends a hand helping the passengers out of the raft.  The crew dart off to the next docking raft, prepared to repeat the whole exercise again.

The rescued passengers are quite shocked, but relieved that they have been safely rescued.

Ed wonders if they will have enough space for all the passengers, including the ones they already have.  Then he remembers that the Geshbelhaus has about half the capacity of the Cosmos 3 and luckily the Cosmos 3 is actually running rather light on this return trip.

The next three rafts have no problem docking, so apart from lending a hand with getting passengers out of the rafts and helping settle them down, Ed has nothing to do.  There is a long break until the next raft approaches and all seems to be going well regards its approach.  Ed feels a bit out of things being down here, yet he knows he must stay, in-case there are any problems, then at least he can respond quickly.  He consoles himself that at least he is doing something helpful.

The raft docks without problem, but then one of the crew reports that they cannot get the door open.  Ed tries, but he also finds that it appears to be stuck fast.  There are several anxious faces peering through the interconnecting windows between the docking bay and the raft itself.  Ed signs that they have a problem, but help is on its way.  He had to resort to signing as even the comms system was not working.  Ed gets in touch with engineering and Garry says he will be 'up as soon as poss.'

Ed nervously paces the corridor and is glad when he hears the ever friendly voice of Garry as he says, "don't get yer knickers in a twist mate oi'l 'ave 'em out in a jiffy.  Lets 'ave a look at things."

Garry checks out the controls, stabs a few buttons, checks some readings, then announces, "You fly boys are ruddy useless, couldn't you see that she's not latched in properly?  All you gotta do is unlock and flip out the docking arm, it'll re-attach and bring her back in again.  Unless the docking ring is damaged, she'll be alright.  Good job you didn't manage to open the doors or you'd have drowned them and yourselves."

The reference to 'drowning' was a nice way of saying that the air would have been sucked out of both craft.  Ed apologises for being so 'green' regards this operation, he'd never done it before.

Garry smiles and says, "Neither have I, but at least one of us read the manual."

Ed feels daft that he had not read that part of the manual.  In his innocence, he never expected to be doing such a thing so early in his career.

Garry detecting that Ed felt stupid, says, "Don't worry, it isn't required reading for your lot, it is for us.  Just a good job one of us techies was available eh?"

Ed smiles, now feeling a bit better about the situation.  The raft starts heading out to space again, stops with a jolt and then heads back in again.  There is a reassuring click as the docking rings engage.  Garry checks the seals and nods, then says, "All yours mate, catch you latter." 

Ed doesn't even get a chance to say thank you, Garry has gone.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 13 - What Nothing More?

The time spent hanging around, just waiting, just hoping, that another raft will come along, was wearing on Ed and the crew waiting around down here.  It has been at least 30 minutes since the last raft had docked and the passengers disembarked.  

Ed had the feeling that he had been forgotten down here, but didn't want to call the flight deck and seem to be impatient, they may have their own worries that they are dealing with.  Ed is most anxious about his mate Keiran, as he'd heard nor  seen nothing from him.  Every time a raft docked, Ed prepared himself to greet Keiran, but every time he has been disappointed.  Now this long wait and nothing further coming in.  He just hopes that Keiran's raft has not been drawn into that anomaly and that instead it is slowly working its way across to the Cosmos 3.  Ed hangs onto that thought.  Then in an effort to cheer up the crew who are waiting with him, he starts a conversation off about shore leave.  There are various stories exchanged about the best and worst ever shore leaves experienced.  Ed's ploy works, instead of being miserable and marking time, the crew are chatting and laughing, not noticing all the while that there are still no more rafts heading in.

Suddenly there's a call for Ed.  It is the captain, he suggests that as there are no more rafts heading their way for the time being, the crew can stand down and Ed should come back up to the flight deck.  

Ed passes on the message and as they disperse in their various directions, they say that they will meet up again soon.

As Ed enters the flight deck he can see instantly that the situation is not good.  The Geshbelhaus is now a small blob against the ripples of the anomaly, which now incidentally looks more like a tunnel leading to nowhere.  Although that said, there was  still the slight impression, of something the other side of the ripples, but whatever it is, is so broken up that it is impossible to figure out quite what it is.

The captain, tells Ed that as the remaining rafts were being sucked into the anomaly, there was no point in leaving Ed on the recovery deck, in any case he thought Ed would want to see this for himself, horrific though it is.

Ed asks the question, that he already knows the answer to in his heart.  "Is there nothing we can do for them?"

The captain shakes his head and reports that the captain and crew of the Geshbelhaus had done their utmost to try and slide out of the gravity wave, but it was almost as if it were specifically aimed at them and would not let go.  The captain asks if Ed's mate had been aboard any of the escape rafts.

Ed shakes his head and points towards the screen and says, "He must be in there with the rest of them."

The captain suggests that he try to make contact, perhaps start with the captain of the Geshbelhaus.  Ed tries to establish voice contact, but the signals are too garbled to make any sense.  So Ed tries text, but this is just as bad, the signals so scrambled their comms systems couldn't even establish a link.

The three of them, the captain, Ed and Fjas, watch helplessly feeling the torment of the moment with every fibre of their being, as the Geshbelhaus, slips away from them.  It disappears behind the  anomaly, swallowed up in those ripples.  The three men, none of them speak, but all feel the same way, they would dearly love to follow the Geshbelhaus and try and mount some form of rescue mission.  They know, however, that their responsibility now lay in getting those that they have rescued and their own passengers to safety.  They stand in silence, staring at the screen, almost as if they are expecting or at least hoping that the Geshbelhaus suddenly re-appear and head back towards them as if spat out by something that didn't like the taste.

The seconds tick by, no movement from either the screen, nor the men still staring at it.   It is as if there were a bond between them.  In fact there is, the disappearance of the craft, their colleagues, the reason for their trade.  Their very souls reaching out to those, who have been swallowed up by that, that thing out there.  Look around as much as they can, they can find no reason, no rationale, for this event.  No one or thing to blame, apart from the anomaly itself.  How can you hang blame on a nameless, faceless, thing?  There has to be reason, there has to be purpose, there has to be....

~~~~~~~


Chapter 14 - The Invisible Foe

Shock the doctor had said.  Well more like, "Extreme shock and trauma can do this, with care and support, he will recover, but I have to warn you that it could take some time."

Ed had not spoken since "the incident".  Whilst Ed's family had not spoken directly with the captain, they had received a communication from him.  It enthused support of Ed, acclaiming that he was a great officer and a tribute to the family, the Academy, the company and to himself.  The captain had gone on to say, that although they had only served together on the one flight, he could see that Ed was capable of great things and that he wished Ed a speedy recovery and it would be an honour to serve with him again.

The whole almost read as a tribute after Ed's death.  Although dead he certainly was not.  Whilst there was no emotion showing behind those staring eyes, the medics had confirmed that physically there was nothing wrong with him.  Ed's family, especially his mother, had hoped that the sound of their reassuring voices and the sight of their faces would bring him out of his staring existence.

Ed stares on, seeing nothing.  Nothing, apart from his brain replaying that scene over and over again.  The small escape rafts following the craft  that they have come from, into that thing, like babies clinging onto the skirts of their mother as she falls into the fast flowing river.  All those lives, lost.  Lost to what, to whom?  The invisible foe, the one that is most dangerous, you cannot defeat the invisible foe, you cannot find a weakness in what you cannot see.  The same thing over and over again, there is no escape, no way out, no way to stop the invisible foe.  Every time Ed searches for the least glimmer of hope, he comes to the same conclusions, there is no hope, there is no way out.  What happened to Jason and the others will happen to Ed, it is inevitable, he may have escaped so far, but it is only a matter of time before the invisible foe catches up with him also.

Maria, starts to cry, Edward cuddles her to him and says that it will not help distressing herself so, he adds that they have to be strong for Ed's sake.  

Through tears Maria says that she cannot bear the thought of Ed's torment and who knows what he actually saw out there. 

Edward says that Ed is strong and will, with their support win through this thing.

Both Edward and Maria have seen this sort of thing before, when friends working for 'the service' have seen or done things that have been too horrific and it has sent them over the edge.  It was somewhat different then though, a kind of unspoken thing, that was 'expected' now and again.  Now it was totally different, 'up close', so to speak.  This was their own son, they had never, even in heir worst nightmares, expected this to happen to their own flesh and blood.  This was not a price that they had expected their son to pay, for taking an active role in normal everyday life.  It just wasn't normal, it just wasn't expected.  It wasn't right!

There's a sound at the doorway, they turn to see Jenny standing there, also with tear stained face, she sobs and mumbles that she should have never let him go back out there.  The two women run to each other and hug.  Both crying as much as the other.  Edward feels helpless.  He looks at his son, who just sits on the edge of the bed, staring out of the window, as if there is an answer to his quest just beyond the window pane.  He just continues his unseeing gaze out of the window.  Edward just cannot help but walk over to Ed, he gently sits on the bed beside him and hugs him close to him, in the vein hope that the mere act of the physical contact will bring him round from his nightmare.  The nightmare that they all feel,even if they don't all share the same visions.  They all feel the same sense of torment.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

The doctor had taken Edward to one side and prepared him for the fact that they were going to change Ed's treatment.  He said that they would use some equipment that whilst it looked awful, it would break down the cycling affects of the trauma that Ed was suffering.  He added that they used to use drugs to achieve the same result, but they often had nasty side effects and sometimes even longer term damage could result.  The doctor had suggested that as the treatment did not look 'pretty', as he put it, it may be best if Maria and Jenny were taken away for a while.  Edward asked how long the equipment would be in place.  The doctor had said that was a difficult one to answer, as it depended on the individual and how bad they were.

Despite much protest, Edward had managed to convince Jenny and Maria to take a break and go out for a meal.  They wanted to go to the hospital cafeteria, but Edward knew that they needed to be further away.  If only the hospital had not provided rooms, it would be easier to stay away from the hospital for longer.

Ed knew nothing of the equipment being attached to him.  As he stands and watches again, as the Geshbelhaus and it's little fleet of rafts heads inevitably to their doom, unstoppable.  Ed stands helplessly watching, wanting to go in pursuit of them.  Then memory of the last time that he did it comes back as clear as daylight, they ended up being sucked into the anomaly as well.  Is there no way out of this nightmare?  The invisible foe, you can't see a weakness if you can't see your foe.  There is no way out, always the same, even if it is different; it always ends the same, the foe wins.  It isn't like a game, real lives at risk this time.  Real people, who's families and loved ones will miss them, they will never see them again.  Never... just like the escape from this nightmare, it never ends.  There's something to the left, just what was that?  Surely not another anomaly?  It reminds Ed of something, just what is it?  There it is again.  Sunshine glinting through the slat of a Venetian blind that has not closed properly.  It steals its way into the room, knowing that it shouldn't be there, yet having found its way through, it must make the most of it's opportunity to shine, to be noticed.  Just what is it doing here, at this time?  It was never here before.  Just what is going on here?  Venetian blinds in the depths of space?  Oh I see it is one of those similarity things, it isn't actually Venetian blinds, just reminds me of Venetian blinds.  What does it mean though, it was not there before?  What has changed?  Why have things changed, is there something else, someone else here?  Will it all end differently this time?  Is this like a sign that the superhero has arrived, to save them all?  How ridiculous, that does not happen in real life.  Is this real life though?  There it is again a glint, a flash, like a beacon, signalling a way out.  Like the light at the end of a long tunnel, providing hope that there is something to look forward to, that there is a way to escape this long passageway of darkness.  Hope, there is hope, there is a way through this.

The small group, Edward, Marie and Jenny, think that there is something wrong at first.  The doctor standing outside of Ed's room, has to be a bad sign, the worst.  Yet he is smiling, actually smiling.  They cannot wait to get to the doorway, to ask the doctor what the news is and why is he smiling?  They run, like they have not run in ages.  The distance closing between them and the answer.  The doctor speaks before they actually reach him, a big beaming smile across his face now.  He smiles at their efforts to reach him in the shortest possible time.  The puffing and panting can clearly be heard, as they strain to ask the unasked question.  The doctor answers it before it can be asked.  He tells them that he is pleased to say that the new treatment has been a complete success.  It was the support that Ed needed to help him out of the spiral that he had found himself trapped in.  He was now breaking free and the doctor adds that Ed should hopefully reach full consciousness, within the next 30 to 60 minutes.  He warns that they must be gentle though and ask no questions about what happened to him, as he will be asking enough questions of himself and it could throw him over the edge again, if forced back to face it all again.  The doctor suggests that they concentrate on the positive things of welcoming him back, reassuring him that he is safe and back home.  The doctor unsure that he can trust them not to ask the questions that they were dying to ask, nervously asks if they understand the seriousness of not asking questions.  They assure him that they understand.  Reluctantly he lets them in.  There are two nurses in attendance.  

Edward's first thought is, that the doctor was right, this equipment isn't a pretty sight, big and unwieldy, looking as if it could do more harm than good.  Yet thankfully, it seems as if it is doing the job that it was intended to do and by all accounts, doing that well and in such a short space of time.  Edward is thankful for the wonders of modern medical science.

Maria and Jenny nervously look at the machine.  One of the nurses reassures them that it will not harm either them nor Ed.  She launches into an explanation as to how it works, but it is all too complicated for them to take it in.  It is just thankful that it appears to be doing its job.  As they approach closer now, Jenny and Maria are relieved to see that Ed's eyes are no longer staring, the eye lids are closed now.  His eyes below the lids seem to be darting from side to side.  As happens in that state of sleep, ah what is it called?  Yes R.E.M. Sleep, that is it, something to do with rapid eye movements and Ed is certainly experiencing those.  Yet he seems in all other respects to be calm.  There is a more relaxed air about him now.

The group of three settle into nearby chairs, awaiting the return of their Ed, as if they are awaiting the arrival of an inbound flight.  Waiting for Ed's arrival to be announced, to see his cheery face again as he steps through the arrivals gateway.  This time it will be different, this time he will see them, as they see him.
 
~~~~~~~~


Chapter 15 - Announcing The Arrival Of

"Is it too early?" asks Maria of the doctor.  He smiles sympathetically at her, places a hand on her shoulder, as reassurance that what he is about to say is sincere and an honest assessment of the situation.

The doctor speaks softly, at first too softly, the group of three have to lean in towards him to catch the words.  He speaks up and says, "The signs are, that Ed is well on his way back to us, we do not want to alarm him, having the equipment still attached, when he comes too.  As I am sure you can imagine, it is pretty frightening to be stuck in the middle of this kit.  I can assure you that it has done its job, it has broken the pattern, the spell if you like.  Ed has found his way out of the cycle of fear, helplessness and remorse.  He has seen the ray of hope and his mind is now, doing the healing work that is necessary, before he returns to us.  We just have to allow him the time to come around.  I have only once before, seen such a rapid response like this, and I can assure you that she was also a very strong character like your Ed.  Such a will to survive, and to beat the odds.  I am sure Ed will cope well, just remember what I said about questions, concentrate on the positives, that he is well and back with you.  He will do the rest."

No barriers now between the family and Ed.  They take turns to sit on the bed or beside the bed, holding his hands, stroking his hair, talking to him.  Whilst he does not respond, he seems at peace, he is having a long deserved rest.  The rapid eye movements have even ceased now.  His dreams or was it nightmares have stopped.

The waiting is painful, but better this than to watch whilst he was in torment.

Edward takes Jenny off to get some dinner leaving Maria, happy to be with her Ed.

Ed's comm unit beeps.  It makes Maria jump.  How can anyone want to be calling him?  Maria scrabbles around in the bedside locker and finds it, hiding in the back somewhere.  Fearful that whoever is calling will cancel the call, Maria struggles with the screen, finds the right button, then hears Paul's voice.  She asks why he has called Ed's comms device.  Paul apologises but points out that hers and Dad's were switched off; he and Carina were desperate to know what was going on.

Maria apologises for her earlier annoyed tone, she tells Paul the good news.  She is halfway through  telling Paul about the treatment, when she is amazed to hear Ed's voice, he says, "That clan boy?  Tell him I'm trying to get some kip here."

Maria throws herself around Ed and kisses him multiple times, much to Ed's protestations of, "Steady Mother, you're crushing me!"  He takes a quick look about himself and asks, "Where on Regenis am I anyway?  One minute I'm on the Cosmos 3, then I'm goodness knows where, being crushed by my mad mother and awoken by that crazy clan boy."

They can hear Paul's voice as he cheers, "He's alright, he's alright, crazy, but alright!"

Ed replies, "Hey look who's talking crazy clan boy, of course I'm alright.  Why wouldn't I be?"

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Ed was getting fed up with all the "Pussy footing around." as he put it, Jenny and the family were obviously being very careful about what they said in his presence and no-one would tell him what happened out there, in space and come to that what had happened to make him forget the journey from  Deslax to home.  He can remember the trip out to Nesjarvic, also his tour around the Municipality and encounter with Emily, which reminds him, he wonders what has happened to the gift that Emily had brought for him and Jenny, it isn't in his room.  Yes he's back home now, in the comforts of his own room, although actually desperate not to be.  Let me explain that, Ed has itchy feet and is desperate to get back to work.  He has been home for at least three weeks now.  Ed's Mum and dad, and come to that Jenny also, have been dead against Ed returning to work.  They just won't tell him why.  

Ed thinks, at least good old uncle Richard is coming round today and knowing him, he's as subtle as a construct element, so whatever this lot are covering up, he'll blurt out without even knowing it is taboo.  You wouldn't think he was a secret agent, he couldn't keep a family secret if his very life depended upon it.  Ed was looking forward to his visit, some honesty at last.

Ed had managed to find the photos he had taken whilst at Deslax.  He had uploaded them, well most of them, he thought he had best delete the couple of Penelope, to save having to explain them away.  However, he still remembered their conversations and her getting grief from her partner.  Ed kept the ones of Jiash though.  As they were all taken with the rest of the group, she didn't particularly stand out, so there would need to be no explanations required there.  Ed still remembers her rather embarrassing honesty.  It was a fond memory though, did a lot for the ego.

Suddenly a name flashes into Ed's mind, a name that seems strange in the context of remembering his trip to Deslax, he can't remember bumping into him whilst on Deslax, perhaps he had just received a comm whilst on shore leave, or maybe during transit.  Ed just cannot think why the impression of Keiran's name should be so strong.  Keiran Yardley, a mate from the Academy, he hadn't seen Keiran for a while, so why would his name be so strong now?  Perhaps he had Commed Ed to arrange a meeting and Ed had forgotten about it until now?  Whatever it was, it will come back ?. Jason, another friend's name, coming to him with the same strength of feeling, but again why, it has been at least three or four months since he had seen Jason.  Did the three of them meet up at Deslax?  He just cannot remember.  Perhaps if he comms the pair of them now, they can remind him just what happened.  

Ed is halfway through writing the message, when there's a knock at the door.  Ed invites whoever it is, to come in.  He glances at the time, too early for Richard surely.  He's right, it's the smiling and beautiful face of Jenny.  Another stunning outfit too.  Ed can't recall seeing this one before. Dare he say as much, he decides he will chance it and compliments her on her clothes and asks if she is planning to take him somewhere special.

Jenny's smile is now even wider as she says, "Flattery will get you everywhere.  She flings her arms around him and there's a passionate embrace.  Then a voice of protest, coming from the corridor outside.

Paul says, "Well you could at least close the door, its enough to put me off my lunch you know."

Ed waits until Jenny's grip eases up, he finishes the kiss with another quick pressing of lips and squeezes her waist again.  He can feel her squirm, she often says that it tickles.  Ed pulls away and replies to his brother, "What's the matter, clan boy? Had a bad morning?"

There is no reply.

Ed turns his attention back to Jenny, he asks, "What's been happening in the busy world of Jenny then?"

Jenny replies, "Spent most of the day doing some research for my latest commission, the client has given me a free hand and I hate it when they do that without giving any idea of their values or what they stand for."

Ed suggests, "I would have thought that was an artist's dream, you can do what you want."

"And precisely what would you know about it, fly boy?" Jenny asks as she gently caresses Ed's face with her hand. Then continues, "The client may say that I have a free hand, but if I produce something that says nothing about them, their beliefs and values, they won't like it."

"Complicated isn't it?" asks Ed, he takes her hand in his and kisses the back of it, working his way up her nearly bare arm, to her neck.  She tilts her head gently to one side, as she likes it when Ed does this, it is like a game, the rules of which you know off by heart.  

Ed almost up to Jenny's neck, when he hears his Mum at the door, she says, "Oh sorry dears, I'll just pop this tray over here, I assumed you'd like some too Jenny."

"Oh thanks Mrs Glaceons." responds Jenny straightening up her neck and smiles.

"Maria, Jenny dear, none of this Mrs Glaceons.  You're almost family Jenny, no need to be formal."  replies Maria and she smiles at the pair of them.  Seeing them together like this reminds her so much of herself and Edward in their early years.  It was all different now of course, well...sometimes it isn't, sometimes Edward can be quite romantic and it is like travelling back in time, to before the boys came along.  If only it could always be like it is when you are young.  Somehow life gets in the way and things change.

Maria slips off leaving Ed and Jenny to enjoy their time together.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Richard much relieved that Ed is back to his old self, pats him on the back and remarks, "Well done Ed, you have done remarkably well."

"So what's the news on the interstellar routes then Unc?" Asks Ed with big beaming smile across his face.  Maria shakes her head ever so slightly, hoping that Richard catches the meaning and that Ed does not.  Richard as subtle as ever, asks if she has an ear infection and then goes on to say that they can be pretty nasty.  

Ed prompts again, "Come on Unc, spill the beans, what's the news out there, I'm  dying to know what's going on."

Richard says, "Oh yes, so you must be."

Maria asks if Richard wants a drink, after all it was a long journey from the city.

Richard, easily distracted, answers that it would be rather nice, he wonders if Edward still has any of that Galzekian beer that he'd brought over last time he visited.

Ed says, "What Dad had some Galzekian beer and I knew nothing about it?"

Maria points out that he wasn't supposed to have any beer, with the tablets he was taking.  Ed replies that he'd finished those about a week ago.

Richard asks, "How about it then Maria?"

Maria throws Richard, one of those looks that could do serious harm, if only he were that sensitive to take it seriously and Richard certainly didn't come into that category.  She says, "Edward forgot he had it, as he didn't like it much, anyway."

Richard as sensitive as ever replies, "All the more for you and me then Ed."

Maria throws him another look, which has the same effect as water on a ducks back, it just slid straight past him.  Richard instead turns back to Ed and says, "Well there have been no more...."

Once again he is interrupted by Maria, she says, "Now don't go tiring Ed out with all your stories." The latter said, as if Ed was still a little boy and it was his bed time.

Ed says, "Stop fussing mum, I just want to know what's going on out there."  He points to the ceiling, although he means the sky.

Maria mouths, 'Just be careful.' at Richard.  

Richard says, "As I was saying, there have been no more, er, no more problems with flights."

"Why, what was the problem?" asks Ed.

"There was a shortage of crews for a bit, but it all seems to be over now. Probably one of those illness things that grips the galaxies from time to time."  replies Richard, hoping that Ed will buy into the lie.

Ed looks a bit suspicious for a moment, then his face clears as he asks, "Still as busy as ever in the spy business then Unc?"

"Certainly am, the universe seems to have gone to pot, reports coming in from all points, most of it is just rumour mongering." replies Richard.

Ed smiles and asks, "OK there is something else up, just what is it?  You can't hide it from me you know."

Jenny comes to Richard's defence saying, "He merely means that things in general are busy."

Ed says, "If I wasn't suspicious before, I really am now if Jenny comes to Richard's defence.  There's a conspiracy going on here, just what are you lot covering up?  I know something happened when I was out, there, I just can't remember what it was.  I have a strong feeling that friends of mine were involved, but again I can't remember how, I just remember that Keiran Yardley's name came to mind, whilst I was in hospital, I had the strong feeling that others were also involved, but I can't remember who, or what they were involved in.  What are you covering up and why?

Maria says, "The doctor told us that it could be dangerous if you remember too much too early.  None of us know exactly what happened to you out there."

Ed turns on Richard and says, "That's not exactly true is it Unc?  I kept in touch with you whilst I was out there and you know what happened and who was involved, don't you?"

"Ed you know that I can't lie to you, but your Mum is right, the doctor has advised the family that you are best remembering things slowly, at your own pace, otherwise you may become ill again." 

Ed can see that Richard is sincere in what he has just said.  He cannot however, let things rest there, he says, "OK, let's take it slowly then, here's what I know.  A craft disappeared, I saw it with my own eyes, or at least I believe it disappeared.  I can't remember its name, I also know that whatever its name, it had launched escape rafts, so knew it was in trouble.  The rafts however, ended up disappearing along with the craft.  I have a strong feeling that lots of lives were lost that day.  I have a strong feeling of helplessness and not being able to do anything to help them.  There were others with me, but I can't remember who they were and why we did nothing.  That's my dilemma, what actually happened and who else was involved.  I cannot rest until I know."

Richard looks over at Maria, finds no help in her face, if anything it still says, 'say nothing.'  However, that is not Richard's way, so he says, "We don't know any detail either, but I do know....." he is interrupted as Maria exclaims, "Richard!"

Richard glares back at her and says, "Trust me!" then continues, "Ed has admitted that he knows some of the negative aspects of what happened."

"Oh well done, now you have confirmed some of what he thought he knew.  Shut up Richard, you will make things worse, not better."

Ed says, "Let him continue Mum."

Richard waits for another outbreak, but is surprised when there isn't one.  He resumes, "I have found from my research that you and the crew of the Cosmos 3 were heroic and managed to rescue most of the passengers and crew of the other craft.  The escape rafts that you recall going with their ship, were the stragglers that could not escape whatever was out there.  From the logs and subsequent reports that I read, it appeared that there was some sort of anomaly involved, rather than another craft, which was contrary to what we had suspected.  There is, still however, no indication as to what is kicking off such an anomaly.  We need to observe one up close, with appropriate instruments, but as they are not predictable, it is impossible to send a research craft to one of these things."

Ed is silent for a bit, then asks, "How does Kevin Yardley fit in to this?"

Richard says, "Well no-one knows for sure whether he was even there, you mention him in your logs, but of course we don't have access to the other craft's logs."

~~~~~~~


Chapter 16 - Determination

"They are stone walling me Jenny." complains Ed.

Who, your Mum and Dad?" Asks Jenny.

"No the company.  I asked for information about the incident, what the other craft's name was and whether Kevin was involved."

"As you well know they can't let that sort of information out about passengers."  replies Jenny.

Ed says, "So what do you know about Kevin then?  What was the name of the craft?  You know don't you?  Richard was lying about the records, you all know that Kevin was there and that he perished with that craft, don't you?"

Jenny could not prevent turning red.  Although she denies knowing anything.  Ed knows from the fact that she blushed, that she is lying.  He decides to let it drop, he knows her well enough to know that she thinks she is still protecting him.  Instead he thinks along the lines, that it is highly likely that Kevin had been there and had disappeared with the Geshbelhaus.  That's it, the name of the craft!  Ed fetches his comms unit and starts tapping away.

Jenny pleads, "Don't contact them again, you'll get yourself in trouble, they are just doing their job."

Ed suddenly sees something in the log records of the device, he wonders why he had not thought of doing this before.  Although someone had taken the trouble to delete the comms messages, they weren't skilful enough to delete the comm logs themselves.  Here it is, a series of text messages between himself and someone on the Geshbelhaus.  No doubt if he dug around enough, he could identify the other device id and confirm that it was indeed Kevin Yardley.  There were a few interchanges, quite rapidly at first, then more infrequently at the end, including several un-established links, so un-established that there's no id of the receiving unit or units, but the destination was the Geshbelhaus.

Suddenly memory of an exchange about waving to each other come back to mind, the messages signed off as KY, Kevin, that's the way Kevin always signs off, KY.  So he was there and presumably he did go with the Geshbelhaus into that anomaly.  Is he dead, are they all dead?  He must find out what happened to..... Jason has also disappeared, it's all flooding back now, there have been several of these disappearances.  Ed was there, actually there, he saw the Geshbelhaus as it slipped away into that thing.  They cannot stand by and let this thing get away with this, it has to be stopped.  

Ed taps away at his comms unit, as Jenny nervously looks on, not know what to do or say. 

Richard answers.  Ed asks if it is convenient to talk, Richard says he'll call back in five.  

The stony silence is too painful for Jenny, but what can she do or say?  Is Ed alright?  The doctor had said they had to be careful and they have been until now.  The doctor also said that Ed would remember things in his own time.  He seems quite calm, he hasn't slipped back into the staring, he seems to be purposeful in what he is doing.  What to do for the best, what to say?  Jenny feels totally helpless.  She thought that Ed would be alright, when Mrs Glaceons asked if it would be alright for her and Edward to pop to the store, Jenny thought that she and Ed would be OK.  It started out OK, watching a musivid, then he started on this stonewalling tack.  Now what is he up to, what is he going to ask Richard now?  Should she contact Maria?  What can she do?  She'll be all the way out to the store by now.

Jenny feels totally helpless, useless, unable to stop whatever Ed is up to.  She thought things were going to be alright.

The comms device makes its voice call noise, it makes them both jump.

Ed taps the screen, Richard apologises for the delay and asks in his cheery voice what he can do.

Ed says, "Unc, I know what happened, now it has all come back to me and we can't let that thing get away with this, we just can't stand by and do nothing. We have to stop this thing.  To do that we need more information about it.  Have your people come up with any form of patterns now?"

There's a pause, then Richard says, "Who is with you Ed?"

Ed replies, "Oh don't worry I'm not cracking up, I'm built of sterner stuff than that, I am of the Glaceons clan.  Jenny is here, Mum and Dad have just popped to the store.  What do your people know Unc?"

Richard says, "OK I believe you Ed, they have found a pattern, the disappearances occur whenever there are two craft crossing in close proximity.  They think it is something to do with emissions from the engines of the craft, creating a particular energy pattern that seems to trigger this thing off.  Believe it or not, with all the flights happening, out there, these close cross overs only occur every so often.  Don't know why we didn't spot it before, probably didn't have enough occurrences.  We're planning to set up a dummy cross over, to prove that the theory is correct.  In the meantime, we have banned all such cross overs achieving it by delaying some flights and pulling others up a bit earlier.  So far it has worked, there haven't been any more since the Geshbelhaus."

Ed says, "I want on one of those craft, I must find out what is happening.  I must find out if they have survived the trip into that anomaly, I won't rest until I do."

Richard protests, "It's too dangerous Ed, we're operating this mission on a volunteer basis only, as it is suspected that it is a no return mission."

Ed says, "But if the way in is survivable, there must be a way out again.  I just have to be in on this.  No doubt you're going?"

Richard pauses then says, "Well, actually, I er."

Ed interrupts, "You aren't?  That does surprise me."

Richard, never one able to let a fellow member of the family have the last word, unless it's Maria of course, replies, "I am on it.  Like you I felt I had to try and find a way in and back out again, but it's too dangerous Ed, your parents would never allow it."

Ed says, "I'm an adult now Richard, I can make my own decisions and I have to do what I can to get Jason, Kevin and the others out of there, if it is humanly possible."

Jenny, pleads, "You can't Ed, it will be suicide!"

Ed replies, "It would be suicide to stay here and do nothing, my conscience would eat away at me.  I wouldn't be able to live with myself."

Jenny says, "Look what happened to you last time, you cannot risk that again."

"This time Jenny, I am prepared, this time, I know what I am facing.  It may be the invisible foe, but nothing is that invincible, everything has its weakness and this will be no different.  I have to join in the fight against that thing, Kevin and Jason won't be giving up that easily and if there's a way back, they will be trying to find it, I have to be there to help them make it.  The more we can understand about this thing, the more chance we have of defeating it."

~~~~ Later ~~~~

"Your Mum will never forgive me for this." says Richard, "But hey it is great to have you on-board."

"I know that if we survive this she'll kill us both!"  They both laugh at the latter comment.  Ed goes on to ask, "So what's the score are we both passengers?"

"There are no passengers on this trip Ed, you're signed on as a pilot and I'm intelligence." 

"Ah so you had a brain transplant then before the trip?" asks Ed, with a big grin across his face.

"You, young man are not beyond being given a clip behind the ear!" protests Richard.

"I don't think it will go with my hair."  replies Ed.

"What are you going on about?"  asks Richard complete with confused look on face.

"You said you were going to give me clip to put behind my ear and I said I didn't...." Ed doesn't get a chance to finish his sentence.

Richard says, "Don't be such a smart alec young man or you'll find yourself with some pretty unsavoury duties."

Ed protests, "Hey come on, putting up with you is unpleasant enough for anyone."

"That's not what Sylvie...." Richard stops himself.

Ed, never one to turn down an opportunity asks, "What you and Sylvie?"

"What do you mean?" asks Richard, then trying to cover things up he says, "We have an ace team coming with us."

"Sylvie one of them?" asks Ed, full of mischief making, he senses he's uncovered some thing here and is not prepared to let it go.

Richard says, "No Sylvie is not on this mission."

"I'd have thought that if there were any intelligence involved in this caper, she would be an ideal person to have along.  What does she reckon to you going then?"

Richard silent for a while, then in low voice, moves in closer to Ed and says, "Alright, say nothing to Mum and Dad right?"

Ed is now slightly embarrassed at this turn of events, he didn't expect there to be this sudden confession, although he had suspected that there had been something afoot between Richard and Sylvie, although neither gave anything away.  Ed had gained the impression that there was a certain something between them when they had all met up at the temples of Jedhaed, all those years ago.

Richard confirms that he and Sylvie have been together for some years.  He said that there were still close colleagues who knew nothing about them being partners.  It did make it difficult when they were working apart, but it was great after their missions were completed to get back together.  

Ed said that in one respect it was the same for him and Jenny, they both had their separate careers, so weren't into playing 'housey housey' all the time.  It was great when they had time off though and could spend time together.

Richard says, "Now for some people this sort of lifestyle wouldn't suit them.  I suppose it's different when children happen along."

"What thinking of starting a family?" asks Ed

Richard protests, "Leave it out, we're both too old for that, no we're happy just being us and being together when we can." 

Richard glances at his Comm device and exclaims, "Ah, she'll be here shortly."

Ed asks, "But you said Sylvie was somewhere else and not coming along."

Richard only partly listening says, "Eh?  Oh no Sylvie isn't coming, it is our captain, apparently she's on her way up here, just been dropped off by one of our transports."

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 17 - Trouble

Richard suddenly exclaims, "Ah here's your new captain."

Ed turns around and walking towards him is a tall woman, probably in her early thirties, shortish brown hair, very stylish cut with colourful and attractive clips just peaking out from a captain's cap, she has green eyes, a charming smile, she is wearing the usual company uniform and as she walks closer to them, Ed can see that she has quite high heels on, totally unusual for flight staff.  She holds out her hand towards Richard and says, "Hello I am Captain Fedioaux Meniorkes, Fedioaux to my friends.  I believe you are the sponsor of this trip?"

"Well sort of, its actually financed by the joint administrations of the eastern spiral arm.  I'm Richard Glaceons and this is my nephew Ed, he will be one of your flight crew, works for your company, so you may know of each other?"

Captain  Fedioaux, turns to Ed and says, "Ed Glaceons, weren't you on the top 10 academia list?  The name rings a bell for something like that."

Ed blushes and admits that she was correct first time.  He extends his hand and they shake.   Captain Fedioaux says, "Welcome aboard Ed, I may call you Ed, may I?"

"Er, yes of course Captain." replies Ed, still somewhat embarrassed.

" Fedioaux, please, lets not have this Captain nonsense.  OK its a title, but I'd rather we worked as a team that got on well rather than concentrate on titles and rank.  Yes we've each got our jobs to do, but at the end of the day, we're a team." she smiles and that smile puts Ed at his ease.  Whilst  Fedioaux has requested this informality, she still has about her an air of authority, that made you feel that you knew she was in-charge, yet you somehow also felt relaxed.

Ed asks, "So what type of craft have they given us?"

Fedioaux says, "Mystery to me, just hope its not your standard interstellar class B, I just don't get on too well with those, they seem so small and claustrophobic and the controls are so archaic.  We'd best check in and find out what we have, do you know the docking port number Richard?"


Richard, glances at this comms device and tells Fedioaux that they have been allotted  port 107 and that it is actually a class D craft that has been  refitted and the company were a little reluctant until the consortium told them how much they were underwriting the loss of the craft for.  The name of the craft is The Jasteritan.

Ed says, "So we're travelling in the lap of luxury then.  I've just finished a tour on a class C and that was neat enough, I've heard about the class D's. Pretty sub-zero by all accounts."

"A Class D, oh no. I hope you live up to your reputation Ed, I don't want to be known as the captain who was responsible for a dent in the fender of a class D."  Fedioaux smiles at Ed.

Ed replies, "If its dents you want, my mate Keiran was always best at those, still paying for damage to a port at Hescidian."

"He wouldn't happen to be our second flight, would he?" asks  Fedioaux

Ed says, "Hardly, he was swallowed up by the last anomaly."

"Oh sorry I didn't know."  Fedioaux reaches out an touches Ed's arm, then retrieves her hand as if regretting the action.

Ed says,"That's OK you weren't to know.  It's one of the reasons why I'm along for the trip, I have to know what happened to him and if I can get him back it's something I just have to do."

"I quite understand, I would feel the same way, well I do feel the same way.  I want to do something for all our friends who have been lost to this thing or things."  replies  Fedioaux.

Ed smiles and says, "Nice to know that we're all on the same script and almost the same page."

Richard prompts them both, saying, "We'd best get a move on, the rest of the team will be assembling and wondering where we have got to."

"So where is Sylvie now?" asks Ed.

Fedioaux asks, "Who?"

"Sorry just continuing a conversation that we had started before you arrived." apologises Richard, then he continues, "Not sure, she had shot off somewhere to investigate some lead or other on another case that we are working on."

"Just too many things happening at the same time eh?" asks Ed.

Richard smiles and replies, "Well I did tell you the other day, we are busier than ever before, I wasn't just referring to this case you know.  The universe keeps rolling along, stops for no creature or event."

They head off in search of port 107.  

When they arrive in the vicinity of the port embarkation desk, Ed can't believe his eyes, there amongst the group of total strangers is Jiash Weskeltov.  Ed is at once, glad that she is OK and also rather surprised that she is coming on this trip.  What on the two moons of Regenis 4 would she want to put her life on the line like that?

Jiash runs up to Ed and excitedly says, "Are you click! Coming on click! This trip click! Also click!  Why with such click! a promising career click! Would you want click! To do this click!"

Jiash grabs Ed's hand, as if he were a cousin or old friend.  Ed catches Richards face, he has a really surprised look.  As if he had caught Ed two timing Jenny.   Ed says, "We met on Deslax."

"I see." says Richard and his eyebrows rise, unable to conceal his surprise.

Ed says to Jiash, "I could say the same about you, but no doubt you feel the same as me and  Fedioaux.  Jiash eyes Fedioaux with some suspicion.  Ed wonders why this strange behaviour, he goes on to explain that he wanted to find out what had happened to his mates Jason and Keiran.  

Jiash's face changes with mention of the last name, she asks, "Not KY? click!"

Ed looks surprised, "Keiran Yardley, you know Keiran Yardley?  What a small universe."

Jiash smiles, "Yes click! I know Keiran, KY, click! He and me do click! Altaros run click! 6 Janiars ago click! He much fun click! Like you click!"  As Jiash says the latter, she throws a sideways glance at  Fedioaux, as if gauging her reaction, she is somewhat disappointed however as Fedioaux watches and listens in curiosity, showing no emotion on her face at all.  

Richard eyes Ed with suspicion again.  Whilst Ed just wonders what is going on here, whilst the trip to on Deslax was enjoyable, he couldn't remember being that much fun to be around, at least not in the sense that Jiash's statement seems to indicate.  Ed decides to leave things alone.

Fedioaux holds out her hand towards Jiash and says, "I assume you must be our other flight.  As Ed has stated I will be Captain on this trip, but please call me  Fedioaux.  You are?"

Jiash, does not respond to the hand gesture, but does announce herself as "Jiash Weskeltov click! Of  AlmoonRhi click!"

Fedioaux suddenly exclaims, "Did you two go to the same Academy?  As I can recall your names being linked in some way."

Jiash grabs Ed's hand again and swings it up and says, "No we were click! Both on the click! Top 10 click! mos promising click!...."

Fedioaux finishes the statement, "Pilots list, that's it I knew I recognised you.  I have seen your photo, although it does not do you justice, you look much better in real life."

Jiash says, "So does Ed click! don't you think? click!"

Fedioaux detecting some sort of trap here declines to answer that one.  Instead looks at her comms band, an impressive jewelled item, which looks far more decorative than functional.  Fedioaux announces that it is time they got aboard their craft, she looks to Richard for its name.

Richard obliges with "The  Jasteritan"

Fedioaux adds, "Ed assures us it will be top of the range. Although you used another phrase, what was it now?" 

Ed pauses to think for a moment, then replies, "Oh sub-zero, I said it would be sub-zero, its a D class you see, never flown one, but heard that they are well appointed."

Jiash says, "Your click! Uncle's crowd click! Must have plenty click! Of moolar then? click!"

Ed surprised, asks, "Don't tell me you know Mickey too?"

Jiash looks just as surprised as she replies, "Yes click! You also click! Know of click! THE Mickey click!"

Ed asks, "When did you last see Mickey then?"

Jiash replies, "Same flight click! As Keiran and me do click! He greater fun of all click!"

Fedioaux laughing, says, "Come on lady and gentlemen, we have a long flight to continue these reminiscences, but if we don't get aboard soon, we will miss our take-off window and we will not be going anywhere."

They follow Fedioaux as she walks up to the sec-id terminal, presents her comm bracelet and announces her full name.  The door opens and she glides through.  The high heels do not escape Jiash's attention, as she mutters, "Non regulation click! Shoes click! Wonder how click! she got to click! Captain click!"

~~~~~~~


Chapter 18 - Getting Acquainted

When the four boarded the craft, they were surprised that there was a bustle of activity both inside and outside the craft, as it was being fitted out with extra equipment, intended to monitor anything that they come across.  The Captain went off to find someone responsible so she could check how long the work was going to take, whilst Ed, Jiash and Richard found their cabins.  Richard said that he and Ed could meet up later.

Ed was a bit worried, that with Jiash's strange behaviour, his cabin was right next to Jiash's.  He would have preferred that they were further apart.  He wonders now if Jiash has changed her mind regards her declaration on Deslax, that she would quite fancy Ed if it were not for the way he talked.  Perhaps she was getting used to humans now and getting over her hang up with the way we talk.  Ed makes a mental note that he must be very careful what he does and says, especially as it appears that Jiash has taken a renewed liking to Ed, but a dislike of the Captain.  Ed can see that he is going to have difficulties there.  It is lucky that flight crews do not spend too much time in each other's company.  It tends to be mainly at shift hand overs and when tricky situations are encountered.

The flight deck is deserted, nothing on, so chances are the Captain is either still negotiating a works completion time table, or perhaps finding her own cabin.  Ed wonders whether he should begin the start up procedure or wait for the Captain.  As he doesn't know if they are still going to meet their take off window and he doesn't know this Captain's preferred mode of operation, he'd best hold fire and wait until she arrives.  As he familiarises himself with the control panels and admires the amount of equipment on this craft, some of which he could normally only dream of seeing, let alone use, Ed changes his mind about the starting up of kit.  He has decided to at least fire up the ACMoS and NaviCom systems to see if their flight path has been logged.  After a few moments, both are busy giving forth their knowledge, which just happens to be zilch.  No flight path logged as yet.  

Ed looks up as he hears the familiar voice of Captain Fedioaux, she says, "That's good, I like an officer who gets on with the job, although as yet you won't find any flight path logged.  We are apparently awaiting some instructions regards the meeting place.  Or that's at least what your uncle said.  For the time being let's register our selves as flying to Jedhaed, it at least gets us out there."  she points to the sky.

Ed busies himself, doing as instructed, logging their course.  He asks for likely lift off time.  

Fedioaux replies "Unfortunately we will be missing our programmed window, as this lot," her arm swings around herself, indicating generally the others working in or on the craft, "Can't quite make up their minds when they will be finished, but in any case it will be beyond our scheduled slot.  I'd check with control and see if we can get something in two hours time."  She smiles sweetly at Ed, then pulls a lipstick out of one of her pockets, finds a particularly shining panel and sets about refreshing her lips. 

Ed has never come across a senior officer quite like Fedioaux.  He likes the fact that she is not afraid to show her individuality and character.  Most captains seem to conform to convention, following laid down patterns of behaviour.  There seemed to be a few prepared to break the mould, but none thus far quite like Fedioaux.  Ed finds it both refreshing and also unnerving.

He wonders if she has changed out of the high heels, into something more practical.  He glances down at Fedioaux's feet and he is surprised to see that she is still wearing the high heels.  Ed blushes, as Fedioaux turns and catches him looking at her shoes.  She laughs and says, "Nothing wrong with retaining your sense of style and individuality, even if you are paid to carry out a particular role, as long as you carry it out satisfactorily and to the best of your ability.  Don't worry if things get serious, I always have my regulation gripper flats with me.  Now how is that task coming long?"

"I'm on it Captain." replies Ed.

"Fedioaux, Ed, not Captain, remember." she replies in a soft encouraging voice.

"Sorry Fedioaux, just takes a bit of getting used to...." 

Ed is interrupted as Fedioaux says, "You'll get used to it, my crews usually do.  Right, have you eaten recently?"

Ed pauses then answers, "Yes, thanks Richard and I had something when we got to the space port."

"Right, do you know where Jiash is, as I haven't seen her since we came aboard?  Only I'd like to sort out shifts as soon as possible."

Ed replies, "Last time I saw her, was when we went in search of our cabins."

Fedioaux smiles and says, "Oh yes we're all next to each other, I thought it would be easier that way."

Ed is quite shocked at that, the convention usually is to put members of the flight crew on separate decks or at least different parts of the craft, in-case the craft is damaged in some way and then you stand the chance of losing less flight crew members.  Also Captains were supposed to have more superior cabins.  Not that there was anything wrong with their cabins, they seemed a lot more comfortable than Ed was used to.  In fact the whole craft seemed to live up to its reputation.  Its whole sense of design and fitments were superb, just like a luxury intergalactic liner.

Fedioaux says, "Well I'm off to get something to eat, if Jiash comes here, can you send her to the cafeteria and we'll chat about shifts.  By the way, when did you last fly and sleep?"

Ed pauses, he does not want to say anything really about the Cosmos 3 trip, he certainly doesn't want Fedioaux to know anything about his illness.  He decides what he will say and replies, "Flew about a month ago and slept last night."

Fedioaux says, "OK no problem there, so in theory you could take first duty with me."

Ed is about to say that he could take the ship out on his own if needed, then decides to keep quiet, after all Fedioaux is the Captain.  She spins round and heads to the door, she pauses momentarily, glances over her shoulder and says, "See you later, sure you don't want anything to eat?  I could always bring you something back."

Ed says that he's fine.  He notes a sparkle in her eyes as she turns back and heads off towards the door, her soft brown hair flicks round and bobs up and down as she strides confidently through the door. 'Never experienced a Captain like that before.' thinks Ed to himself, then turns his attention back to his task of getting a new take off slot.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 19 - From Bad To Worse
 
So much for the hope of getting another take off slot in two hours time, they had to wait a whole six hours before another slot became available.  The controllers said that they just happened to hit a 'peak period'.  What at 10 pm? Ed had never known a peak period at 10 pm!  The take off had been as smooth as silk.  Two hours out,  Fedioaux had decided to take a rest, planning to take over at the next shift, which given the late departure, she had set as starting at 5 am.  Then Jiash would take over at 1pm.  There was only one advantage of the delay, they had their final destination details, so could head straight for that destination, rather than mess about going to Jedhaed and then onward.

Richard had commed Ed to say that he had received some roasting, from Maria and Edward, for 'kidnapping their son'.  Ed had offered to mediate and explain that this was his idea, not Richard's.  Richard said that it was best not to get involved, they will come round to the fact that Ed was now an adult and capable of making his own decisions.

It always seemed strange to be up and about when most people were fast asleep, although normally on an interstellar craft, people were often sticking to other time zones, especially if they have transferred from one flight to another, so there was usually someone about at any hour of the day.  Ed had just come back from the cafeteria, he had gone to fetch a snack and it was most strange to find the whole craft seemed deserted.  Even the guy behind the counter commented on this fact.  He said the last person he'd seen was about midnight, it was now 3 am.  Ed regretted not having much time to chat, as he felt sorry for the cafeteria guy.  He also, would have enjoyed the company himself.  They did briefly exchange some notes about their last shore leave though.  It passed the time as the guy fixed Ed's snack.  Reluctantly they parted company.

Ed now back on the flight deck, looks at the time,  thankfully the clocks were still on Regenis time and had not clicked over to UTC yet.  Ed always hated it when the time suddenly changed to UTC, oh that's Coordinated Universal Time by the way, yes I know the letters are a bit jumbled up, but that's the way it is.  An invention of the people of earth, but later adopted by all as a convenient universal measure of time.  The convention is, that craft either stick to using UTC only, or they adopt the local time, then change to UTC once they are a day away from the planet that they have just departed.  They then switch to the destination's local time, when they are within a day of landing.  All very confusing, especially on shorter flights, although those tend to stick to UTC.  

Only two hours before Fedioaux would be on duty.  It was nice to be back on duty and out in space again.  Ed took to his usual hobby of checking out the star and galaxy patterns.  With that and watching musivids, the time seemed to fly by.  Ed forgot to shut his z-aphmediator down before the Captain came on duty.  As soon as she appears in the doorway, Ed pounces on the device to shut it down.   Fedioaux tells him that it is alright to leave it on, she says that it is good to have something entertaining happening.  In any case she hasn't seen this one all the way through, she seems to always be interrupted, whenever this track is on.  Ed rewinds it for her.  They wait until the track is over, before Ed does his handover bit, not that there is much to report, it has been plain sailing.   Fedioaux recounts what had happened regards one of Richard's people and a chair.  The refit wasn't quite of the quality that it appeared to be.  Basically the chair had collapsed and the individual threatened to sue the company, until Richard had pointed out that essentially they were the company as the craft had been chartered to them.

Ed says his farewells and departs the flight deck.  Whilst he's a bit tired, he decides he needs to wind down a bit before going to bed.  He decides to see if there is anyone around the entertainment area, after all some of Richard's people may be attempting to entertain themselves, if not he could always watch a vid for a while before retiring.

When Ed gets to the main entertainment area he hears some music and raised voices.  As he rounds the corner and enters the large room, he is not quite prepared for the sight that meets his eyes.  Jiash is dressed in a rather sparkly costume, that a girl would wear for a night out on the town.  There are three of Richard's people encouraging her as she dances.  One glance tells Ed that she seems to be slightly worse for wear, regards drink.  Ed is quite surprised, as she only has 8 hours before she is due to be on duty.  His dilemma now is, does he sit down and join them or slink off before he is noticed.  Ed decides, that it'll probably be best to do the latter, especially given Jiash's earlier behaviour.  He is about to leave, when suddenly Jiash catches sight of him, she calls out, "Ed click! Come and, and join me click! Join us click! Fun fun click!"

Ed decides best not to say anything, he holds his hand up and walks away.

He is part way down the corridor, heading towards the cafeteria, when he hears the cheer, "Whoa! Go girl!"  Ed continues on, then suddenly hears, "Awe click! Come, come on Ed click! Join in, in the click! Join in the fun click!  Don't click! Don't be such a shirt stuffer click!"

Ed stops, turns and says, "You have spent too much time around Mickey and Keiran.  It's OK to let your hair down when on shore leave, but not whilst on duty."

Jiash pouting, says, "You click! You shirt stuffer click! You Boring click! No fun click!"

Ed says, "If you are going to use our sayings against us, at least get them right, it's stuffed shirt.  Come on Jiash, you'd best sober up and get some sleep ready for your shift."  At the invitation to "come on" Jiash almost runs up to Ed, but in the high heels that she is wearing, her motion is pretty unsteady and she nearly falls twice.  Ed wonders if he should go to her aid or stay where he is.  He decides to stay.  

As Jiash reaches Ed she collapses into his arms, an obviously deliberate ploy.  Instead of agreeing that Ed is right, she launches into pleas for Ed to join her, she claims she has plenty of dance left in her yet.

Ed protests that she should think of her career, as she wouldn't want to be subject to a disciplinary, not only that, Ed didn't want to find himself back on duty so soon.  Ed gently tries to push Jiash into an upright position.  She is obviously worse for the drink, as Ed finds it difficult to get her to support herself.  Jiash is collapsing back onto Ed again.  He decides he'll have to accept the situation and try somehow to get her back to her cabin.  

As Ed glances back up the corridor, he notices one of the men has come out of the entertainments room and is watching them.  He is quite tall and sturdy in build, short hair and by the looks of the emblem on his shirt, something to do with security.  The man takes Ed by surprise as he says, "You've  got your hands full there mate, she's a lively one."

Ed smiles and replies, "She's also due on duty in less than eight hours, so she'll need to get some sleep."

The man asks, "Do you need a hand?"

As Ed is finding this difficult enough, he decides that another unknown person in the equation could make things worse, after all he does not know how much this man has been drinking.  Ed says he can manage and thanks the man for his offer.

The walk seems twice as long as normal and not helped by Jiash's protestations and declarations that there's still plenty of 'dance left in me yet' and that Ed has not seen her 'best moves yet'.

Once or twice on the way to Jiash's cabin, she tries to kiss Ed.  Her tail is excitedly lashing against Ed, making it difficult for him to maintain effective hold on Jiash and support her, so that she doesn't slide down to the ground.  Ed feels he is getting a bad deal all round. 

Jiash keeps encouraging Ed to kiss her,  saying that she has a magic kiss, that brings happily ever afters.  The latter an obvious reference to earthonian fairy tales.  Ed almost drops her, trying to avoid her advances.  Then there's that tail again, as it smacks into Ed's side.  He tries to minimise its effects, turning Jiash as it swings round, whilst also trying not to drop her.  How could he have found Jiash so attractive when they first met?  Mind you her now lively tail wasn't in evidence then, safely tucked away.  In fact until now he didn't even know she had one.

Alcohol and Jiash don't seem  mix well.

When they reach Jiash's cabin, she is still not co-operating.  As Ed tries to wave her arm with comm device on it, in front of the door open panel, in order to open the cabin door, she is still resisting, instead trying to swing her arm round Ed's back.  He persists and after several attempts, succeeds in triggering the door opening.  Ed escorts Jiash into the cabin.  He is amazed how untidy a cabin can be, with lots of clothes and make-up strewn all over place.  Jiash had obviously tried on several outfits before settling on what she was wearing.  

The mess leaves Ed with a dilemma, as to what he should do with Jiash, as the bed is literally covered in stuff, not a single space to rest her on, not that in her current state she would rest.

Ed decides that perhaps he can put her in his cabin on his bed, whilst he quickly tidies up here.   He takes her back out,she protests, but then goes quiet as she sees them heading towards Ed's door.  He triggers it without any problems. Then gently deposits Jiash on his bed, makes sure she seems to be settled and stable.  Then he darts off back to Jiash's cabin and sets about tidying it up, best he can.  It seems to take ages.  

When he arrives back at his cabin to fetch Jiash, she appears to be gone at first, then he notices the lump in the bed. He goes over to the side of the bed pulls back the covers and is shocked to see that Jiash is not wearing any clothes!

What should Ed do now, he can't transport her to her room like this.  He also can't attempt to dress her, if she wakes up, his motives may be misunderstood.  What a problem!

Ed could go and see the captain and tell her what has happened and see if she can help, but then that would be disloyal to Jiash and possibly get her into a whole load of trouble.  That would make things even worse between him and Jiash and they have to work with each other for the rest of the flight.

What a dilemma.  Ed decides that he should leave Jiash here in his room, to sleep things off, whilst he goes to her room, to see if he can get any sleep.  What a away to end a shift! 

Ed just hopes that Jiash will be alright for her shift in to morning, otherwise there will be even more trouble.  He grabs a couple of things that he feels he needs,  until morning.  Goodness knows what Jiash will require in the morning, apart from her uniform, he could at least fetch that, to save her blushes first thing.

Ed soon finds himself in Jiash's cabin.  At least it is tidy now.  The though, the thought of sleeping in Jiash's bed, just seems so wrong.  Ed settles on top of the covers, he doesn't even bother to change out of his day clothes.  As he lies here he just feels uncomfortable, perhaps it is that he is cold, he gets up and adjusts the environmental controls.  Soon it is feeling warmer.  He settles back down again.  Shuts his eyes.  Tries to clear his mind of all the events of the day.  Then suddenly Ed sees that image again, the one he is trying so hard to blank from his mind.  Jiash in his room, his bed, with no clothes.  He feels the loss of control at the situation.  He grabs his mind back again.  Tries again to clear all visions.  He finds himself drifting back to the corridor outside the entertainment room, Jiash trying to kiss him, whilst he is trying to keep her upright and off him.  Then that swishing, lashing tail.  

The struggle goes on in Ed's mind, as if he were still wrestling with Jiash, trying to get her to see sense, that her behaviour was improper.  Whilst at the same time, he feels sympathy for the fact that she was under the influence of drink and couldn't help what she was doing.

This mental struggle goes on for some while, then Ed comes to the conclusion that he just isn't going to get any sleep.  He could go to the cafeteria, in the hope that he gets so tired that he will fall asleep later.

The cafeteria, only has one other person, a fellow crew member.  They nod at each other in recognition, nothing more.  Ed, almost makes the mistake of getting a coffee, but remembers his aim is to try and tire himself.  He goes instead for some Vegloxian chocolate, similar to the stuff he is used to at home, but much more soothing.  They say it contains a harmless relaxant drug, just what Ed could do with now.

As Ed sits and stares out of the cafeteria window, his eyes stare at the stars and galaxies, but they see nothing, his brain is still struggling with what he should do about Jiash.  He knows that he cannot carry out his original plan and try and sleep until the morning, in the hope that Jiash gets up refreshed, goes on duty and leaves him alone.  She is bound to come into her cabin in the morning, to fetch something or even just to check if everything is alright.  Come to that, now that he has closed her cabin door, without her comm device how would he open it again?  He had never thought of that.  

That's the decider, without anywhere to sleep tonight, he must see the captain and put her in the picture.  If there are consequences for Jiash, that is her hard luck, she should have never put Ed in this position.  He drinks back the chocolate.  Forgetting that it is still hot.  He grabs some cold water on his way out.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 20 - Support

The Captain, somewhat confused to see Ed wander onto the flight deck, she asks if he is alright.  Ed immediately says, "No"  then goes on to tell her what had happened from the point he had left the flight deck.  

The Captain says that Ed did the right thing coming to see her, but he should have done so much earlier.  To even think that it would be right for Jiash to attempt to report for duty after getting in such a state was totally wrong and it was his duty to look out for the safety not only of Jiash but the crew and passengers.  Fedioaux says that she would have gone off duty, thinking everything was fine and who knows what could have happened.

Fedioaux tells Ed to wait on the flight deck and look after things here, whilst she sorts things out regards Jiash.  She asks him to authorise her entry to his cabin.  Ed quickly does this before Fedioaux leaves.

He presumes that everything was alright on the flight deck, but just to make absolutely sure, he decides to run the usual course and equipment checks.

~~~~Later ~~~~

The Captain is accompanied by two rather smartly dressed men, security officers by the look of things.  Ed wonders what on Regenis 4 is going on here.  The captain's face is very serious and to be accompanied by these two, things must have got out of hand regards Jiash.  Ed wonders what she has said, as her version of the events.

Fedioaux asks Ed to sit down.  She pauses for a while, obviously preparing herself for what she has to say.  Ed does not have long to wait though.  Fedioaux says, "I am afraid that I have to caution you, in that anything you may say will be recorded and could be used in evidence against you."

Ed asks, "Why what has happened, or supposed to have happened?"

Fedioaux's face gives nothing away, in response to Ed's question, instead she says, "I need you to make a statement before these two security officers as to you recollection of the events of this morning."

Ed asks, "What is going on here, I have already told you what happened."

Fedioaux's face softens somewhat, as she sympathetically replies, "I know you have, but we need your statement of events to be witnessed."

One the officers takes out an e-Recorder and Ed recounts his view of events from the time when he left Fedioaux  and his duty shift, to the time when he came back to report what had happened.

When Ed has finished, Fedioaux says, "Right just to put you in the picture, Jiash's recollection of events is considerably different to yours.  As I am sure you appreciate, as Captain, I am duty bound to get at the truth of the situation and in so doing I must protect my officers, hence the formality of the warning."

Ed is silent for a moment as he wonders whether he should ask the question that is uppermost on his mind.  Ed decides he must know, so he asks, "In Jiash's recollection of events, what am I supposed to have done?"

Fedioaux, face, expressionless again, replies, "Well I cannot go into any details, but I can say that she claims that you did not exhibit, how can I say this?  Ah yes, behaviour expected of an officer and gentleman.  The fact that she was found unclothed and in your bed, kind of goes in favour of what she is claiming.  Although, there is as yet no evidence or proof that the events relayed, either happened, or that they were as a result of duress on your part."

Ed protests, "I did nothing untoward, it was as I said.  I came back to my cabin to take Jiash to her own cabin and found her, in that state of undress.  I had and have no intention other than to be a supportive colleague.  I have a partner back on Regenis 4, I would not want to risk that relationship for anyone, let alone Jiash."

Fedioaux, looking somewhat more sympathetic says, "Its alright Ed, calm yourself.  At this stage it is nothing more than an investigation, neither I nor the security services on this craft will be charging you with anything. There will be a lot of reviewing of video logs and the taking of witness statements, before any consideration of making any charges or holding any form of hearing.  If Jiash is making false accusations, she is pretty silly as her career will be shot to pieces, on the other hand if you had behaved dishonourably, yours will.  At this stage however, I will give both of you a chance to consider things and if either side wishes to make a new statement that reflects a different view of things, then we can reconsider the severity of events and act accordingly.  In the meantime, the investigation will continue.  For your protection, I have moved you to a cabin on deck 3, I suggest that you have no unaccompanied contact with Jiash, your comms will be monitored, so I suggest that neither of you make contact with the other.  I will keep both of you informed if things change or further information is revealed through the investigations.  Please also note that your whereabouts will be tracked at all times, again as a safeguard to both of you.  I will change the rotas so that there will not be any handover between yourself and Jiash at any time.  May I conclude, that if you want any advice at any time, please do not hesitate to contact me.  I shall maintain independence in this matter, but at the same time, I would not want to see my officers suffer, due to lack of appropriate advice.  Anything said to me will within the usual legal terms be kept confidential.  I would not be the residing officer, if any hearing were to be arranged.  Is that clear?  Is there anything you do not fully understand?" 

Ed  shakes his head, unable to speak, it was the phrase which referred to his own career being at risk, that did it for him.  He can't believe it, one minute he is acting out of the best of motives trying to safeguard Jiash and her career, the next he finds that his own career could be in tatters.  How could she do this to him, what sort of being does this to someone who tries to help them out?  Ed just cannot get his head around Jiash's rationale for doing this to Ed.  There must be some, but it totally escapes him.  Surely she could see that Ed had only sent the Captain to help her out.  Mind you Ed doesn't know what the Captain had said to Jiash, for her to resort to this defence of her own situation and behaviour.  Ed has an overwhelming need to talk to someone he can trust.  

Fedioaux says, "OK I have fed your new cabin details to your comm band, I suggest you go and get some sleep and bear in mind that you are to keep away from Jiash Weskeltov.  I will need to ask you to do the next shift as Jiash will clearly not be up to it, but in recognition of the fact that you have had no sleep as yet, I will do an extended shift up to 3pm and you can take over then, for a normal shift.  I will take handover from you and then do handover to Jiash.  Is that alright with you?  You still have the right to refuse."  Fedioaux's face wears a sympathetic smile and she waits for Ed to respond.

Ed's first thought is, why should he help Jiash out after all she has done to him, but then he realises that the Captain is right not to put her up for the next duty and after all she is being reasonable, extending her own shift by two hours, just to allow Ed to get some sleep.  Ed says, "That's fine with me."

Fedioaux, still smiling says, "Thanks for being reasonable about this, I am sure it will all be sorted out satisfactorily.  These things often are after a cooling down period.  Anyway you had best get off to your new cabin."

Ed nods and departs the flight deck.  The two security men stand aside as Ed leaves.  He half expects them to follow him, but is glad that they don't.  Ed raises his comm device and tries to contact Richard, but he must be sleeping.  Ed leaves a simple text message to say that he needs urgently to meet up and discuss something in private.

Feeling somehow incomplete, totally unnerved by the whole experience, Ed was just hoping that Richard would be immediately available, on finding that he isn't, Ed feels totally at a loss as to what to do next.  He could go to the cafeteria and have another chocolate drink in the hope that either Richard sees and responds to his message, or that it settles him a bit more, so he can go to his new cabin and see if he can get some sleep.

As Ed walks to the cafeteria, he thinks that this whole situation must be equally awkward for the Captain, after all she had done nothing to bring all this down onto her shoulders.  She must be equally wishing that the whole thing go away and lets get on with the job that we are here to do.

The cafeteria, still pretty quiet, although this time there are three others there.  Ed grabs his chocolate drink and again seats himself near the window.   The star and galaxy patterns that normally hold much fascination for Ed, are of no interest to him now.  Although he stares out at them, he sees nothing.  Instead, he goes through in his head, again and again, what had happened in the last few hours.  The Captain's words and the situation as a whole.  The whole thing pretty dire.  This mission was bad enough, going out to deliberately put themselves in the path of this anomaly thing, but then to be faced with a colleague, whom Ed thought could be trusted, could be a friend.  Now he was facing two foes, the invisible and the visible.

Ed's comm device beeps, thank goodness, it's a message from Richard, it says, 'Come to my cabin.'  Then specifies where Ed can find it.  Ed drinks up the chocolate, the second time today, that he's almost scalded himself.  Why can't he go for a cold drink?

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Richard listens sympathetically, tempted to interrupt once or twice, but manages to keep quiet, in fact so quiet, that when Ed has finished he has to prompt, "Well what do you think Unc?"

Richard says, "Well what a situation indeed and with the minimum of witnesses, although the silent witnesses will be giving forth what they know of the situation as seen through their eyes."

Ed looks at Richard with a very quizzical expression on his face, he wonders if Richard has lost the plot.  Then when Richard explains that he is of course referring to the security cameras.  Ed's expression changes to a more normal one.

Richard says, "We wander around most of the time totally unaware of how much we are being observed and from so many view points too.  At the most busiest places in a craft like this there can be up to 20 camera surfaces and often in the oddest of places.  What we also forget is that sound is captured too.  It is a bit like having several people witnessing an event and providing a reliable playback of what they see.  I would have thought that with the software our people use, they will have pieced this whole thing together long before you get up for your next shift, it would have taken weeks years ago.  Unless your actions are open to mis-interpretation, I would have thought it was an open and shut case.  I suspect our guys in the entertainment room have been interviewed already and given what they saw. Unless their impression was vastly different to yours; by the sounds of it, you were the one trying to get away from the situation, whereas Jiash was the one trying to drag you into her activity.  Of course that all depends on how much drink they had, as to how they are likely to have understood the situation.  But even then the camera surfaces should show by your movements and what you said whether your perception of Jiash was right.  You just have to bide your time and wait for the investigators findings.  Don't worry, if things don't go well out here, I'll get you a dammed ace lawyer back home and we'll get you out of trouble.  Apart from locking you up, they can't actually do anything to you out here, it would be unlawful.  What's more I for one won't stand for it.  You'd best get off and get some sleep as the Captain has advised and don't worry about it.  That little madam will be sorted out, unless she comes to her senses beforehand."

Ed apologises for disturbing Richard.  Richard says that it was alright as he was getting up anyway as he was still back on Regenis time.

~~~~~~~~~


Chapter 21 - Life As Normal

Fedioaux smiles as Ed walks in, she asks, "Get some sleep?"

Ed smiles and replies, "Surprisingly, I did in the end, took a while to get off, but I was so tired, that I nearly slept over the alarm.  Thanks for the new cabin by the way, I've never travelled Luxuriant class before.  The gold controls in the bathroom, a nice touch, but a bit strange in the depths of space."

Fedioaux replies, "Yes I've always thought that also.  Only travelled Luxuriant class twice myself.  I just thought that as it was there and you needed a port in a storm, it was the least I could do.  Nothing to report regards our flight status, everything went well and we are on target for our destination, only three more course changes to make, one on your shift, I have left the details in the log for you, due about 11pm.  Oh I am told that the analysis of the security cameras has been completed and there's a formal review panel sitting in about 20 minutes.  I have been invited to attend, I'll probably go to the opening session, but I'm quite tired now, so I probably won't be able to stay too long.  You'll probably get some feedback in three to four hours time, unless its a really complicated affair.  Sorry I should have used a better word than that.  I'm just so tired.

Ed smiles and says, "Thanks, you'd best get off and get something to eat."

Fedioaux smiles back and nods.  Then picks something up from the control desk nearest the flight deck door.  Ed wonders what Fedioaux has just picked up, as he can't recall her bringing anything on duty with her.

The flight deck door closes, Ed sets up his Z-aphmediator and pulls up one of his favourite musivids.  Well no point in suffering in silence, could be a long shift. 

Ed's comms device beeps, it is a message from Richard, he is asking where Ed is as he has to see him urgently.  Ed sends back a reply to suggest that they meet up outside the flight deck door in ten minutes.  He must do the system checks and it is regulations that he can't invite Richard onto the flight deck itself.

The checks done, Ed exits the flight deck and is not surprised to find Richard already waiting for him outside.  Richard launches straight into, "Its happened, its happened again, another craft disappeared, but there was no flight path cross over, so we have it wrong.  This mission is flawed."

Ed says, "Slow down, Unc, slow down.  You say another craft has disappeared?  Where was its last known whereabouts?"

Richard lifts his arm, checks his comms device.  He is silently reading for a while, then announces, "It doesn't actually say."

Ed with disbelieving look on his face says, "Are you sure?"

Richard holds out his arm and Ed grabs it and sets about reading the quite long message.  Then declares, "It's there you bozo. Can you copy that to my comm device?"

Richard asks, "Where?"

Ed replies, "My comms device, can you copy the message to my comms device?"

"Yes, yes I got that bit, where was the location of the craft?" asks Richard, still with arm outstretched towards Ed. 

Ed points to a particular part of the message.  Richard exclaims, "Oh they are co-ordinates are they?  I thought it was some sort of data source code."  He sets about transferring the message to Ed.

Ed darts back into the flight deck, Richard attempts to follow him and Ed points to the sign that says, 'Authorised Personnel only -Flight Crew'.   Richard stops in his tracks, but protests, "Our lot are funding this trip though."

Ed continuing to walk in, quickly spins his head round and says, "Its Regulations nothing to do with who owns or charters the craft."  The door slides shut.

Richard paces up and down as he waits for Ed to emerge again.  He has quite a wait,all the time Richard is wondering what on Regenis 4, Ed is up to in there.  Surely it shouldn't be taking this long?

Ed emerges, e-screen in hand, he apologises for the wait, then says, "Well I can't prove it yet, but I am convinced that this mission isn't in vain, whilst it may have looked like it with this news.  I am convinced there was another craft in the same area and the reason no-one knew of its existence is because it was on some sort of secret mission, possibly military in nature.  It could be that someone else was also trying out our experiment, only in their case they may have been using a scheduled flight as the other craft.  The annoying part is I can't prove it, what I have is little pieces of the jigsaw, which if you put them together seem to fit the bill.  What we need is someone Like Paul who can get the information that we need."

"Sorry but this seems a bit unbelievable without any proof and how on Regenis 4 is Paul going to get that for us?" asks Richard.

"All I can say at this stage is, trust us.  He can probably get an answer back to us in about...." Ed quickly does a mental calculation of the time to get messages out and back from Paul and also a rough time for Paul to hack someone else's secret network.  Ed continues, "five or six hours, Oh heck he'll be in bed when the message gets there, add at least three hours on and that makes nine hours, can you get your lot to hold off cancelling this mission for at least that long?"

Richard silent for a while, then says, "Well judging by that message, they don't at this stage seem minded to cancel the mission, as clearly something is triggering this thing.  See what young Paul can do for us.  In the meantime I'll tell our people that we are working on a lead.  Can you give me more on what has convinced you that there was another craft?"

Ed tells Richard what he has found, then returns to the flight deck, to begin the instrument checking  all over again.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Fedioaux seems somewhat delicate as she walks through the door, not her usual confident and cheery self.

Ed grins and says, "You could have stayed in bed a bit longer."

Fedioaux says, "Now he tells me!" and there's a weak smile on her face. She continues, "If there's one thing I hate, its politics.  Oh by the way did you get any feedback on the hearing?"

Ed concerned, replies, "No, how did it go?"

"I do not know, there was so much politics going on, I got so frustrated with it all that I left." replies Fedioaux.

"Surely they should have been concentrating on the evidence and been debating that?" points out Ed.

"Yes they should have, but however one of the panel members was a real pain in the ?. and kept interrupting things with points of law as to what evidence can and cannot be considered."

"Perhaps he was a legal specialist." suggests Ed.

"More like an overqualified doorman, he was one of their security people.  I stayed for an hour whilst they debated what types of evidence could and could not be included in the hearing.  In that hour we hadn't heard a flaming thing!  If I was hoping to make up my own mind as to what had happened I didn't stand a chance, so its no surprise that you heard nothing, they probably have to  arrange another meeting, due to so much wasted time.  It must be so frustrating to whoever did the analysis as they are probably thinking it was an open and shut case, not that I'm pre-judging by the way.  There's me going on, anything to report, was it a hectic night?   Did the course correction go alright?"

Ed smiles, then says, "Well actually there was one thing, the course correction went to the book, there were no problems with the craft or instruments...."

Fedioaux interrupts with, "OK, but what went wrong?"

"It wasn't here with us, another craft has gone missing." Ed replies.

"What? I thought that couldn't happen, Richard had said that...." 

Ed still smiling says, "In theory it shouldn't have happened, but however, we think there was another craft involved and that a cross over occurred."

"But I thought those were banned and who is we?" asks Fedioaux.

"Oh didn't you know?  There's more than just a family connection, between Richard and my family, we are working with the Regenis Security Services, my brother is an analyst and I'm a problem solver and adviser.  Oh and my Dad is a kidnap specialist."

"How does the latter fit into the picture?"  asks Fedioaux, somewhat mystified.

"It doesn't, its a family joke, the last case my family worked on, my Dad managed to get himself kidnapped, so we refer to him as a kidnap specialist, although come to that I suppose my brother and I are pretty good, as we also got kidnapped at one stage, just we escaped.  He had to be rescued." 

Fedioaux puts her hands up and says, "OK you've got me, I am totally confused now."

"Essentially, my uncle, brother and I are the we.  Although I am waiting for confirmation from my brother that he agrees with us.  He will be finding the evidence to support what we believe to be the case."  

"Nothing is ever simple these days is it?" asks Fedioaux, then says, "When is the mystery of the latest disappearance likely to be resolved?  Or will you have to shoot me if you tell me the answer to that one?"

"Now I'm the confused one, why would I want to shoot you?"  asks Ed, complete with puzzled expression.

"You're a spy and I thought that's what you chaps do if someone knows more than they should." 

Ed nods as he now understands where Fedioaux is coming from. He replies, "I suppose I had best 'shoot off' and  get some rest, before the next shift."

"Oh very droll, don't forget you get a day off, as its Jiash now, then me and you are back on in 16 hours time. Lucky for some eh?  At least I can get some more sleep when I have done this handover, I feel like I need it.  Head still spinning from last night's debates.  I just hope I don't get another invite to the next panel meeting, or I might speak my mind." Fedioaux's annoyed look has returned, but not for long.  Ed picks up his Z-aphmediator and sets off for the Luxuriant cafeteria, hoping that he doesn't run into Jiash on the way.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 22 - Hard

The beep of Ed's comms device is totally unexpected, he is so fast asleep, it takes him ages to figure out what was making that annoying noise, it is almost as if it was part of the dream he was having.  He wonders at one point, if he had actually heard it.  It is bugging him now, so he reaches out to turn the lights on low, but typical, his fingers arrive at the wrong place on the control and the lights come on really bright.  Through squinted eyes, Ed manages to slide his finger back down the control so the lights are only just on.  He reaches for the comms device and sure enough the message indicator shows not one, but two messages from Paul had arrived, the first about half an hour ago and the second just now.  Ed must have been so asleep he didn't hear the sound the first time around, or is that, what the thinking he had dreamed it, was all about?

Ed can't believe his eyes, the first message confirms what Ed had thought, there was a second craft and it was military, with some dummy flight path registered for the first two legs of its journey, then  as far as official records were concerned, just faded into obscurity, whereas in reality it crossed the path of a commercial flight bound for the Dexquark sector.  Paul's second message contains all the proof.  Ed turns out the lights, satisfied that his hunch was right and he had the proof at last.  He toys with the idea of sending a message to Richard, but decides it can wait.  He settles down again, but can't get back to sleep.  So turns on the lights again, only dim first time.  Ed forwards the messages to Richard and copies Fedioaux in..  He briefly wonders how Jiash is getting on, whether she reported for duty or not.  Then quickly shuts down that train of thought, turns off the lights again and settles back to sleep.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Breakfast had been a real blast, not!  Ed was the only person in the cafeteria and although he stopped there for an hour, in the hope that someone would join him, he was disappointed.  Even the girl working there wasn't that interested in chatting.  

Ed went back to his room, not daring to go to the entertainments room in-case Jiash had decided to go there, after her shift.  Ed decides to play a game or two.  The first one is far too complicated and fast for Ed, he gets frustrated.  The next one is quite boring and predictable.  Surely there must be something between to two extremes, but Ed decides he cannot be bothered to hunt around and find something, instead he settles back to watch a vid.  It is painful trying to keep yourself deliberately entertained, to avoid doing things that you would normally do.  This cabin may be the lap of luxury, but it may as well be a prison cell as far as Ed is concerned.  It is keeping him from getting out there and having chats with the crew and 'passengers'.  Ed just hopes this all ends soon and that a verdict is reached regards his innocence.  This creeping around trying to avoid bumping into Jiash is too much of a pain.   Hopefully that review panel will have re-sat and made some sort of decisions regards the matter.  So long as that individual, who was so heavily tied up in the politics of the situation has not had their way again and hogged proceedings.

Ed finds that his mind has drifted so far off, that he has lost track of what is going on in the vid, mind you that might make it a bit more interesting, trying to figure out what had been going on whilst Ed was somewhat otherwise occupied.

There's a beep from Ed's comms device, its from Richard.  The message reads, 'So we are still in business, you up and about?  If so where can I find you?'

Ed quickly fires off a reply and within minutes there is an announcement on the cabin system, to the effect that Richard Glaceons is here to see Ed.  Ed tells the system to let Richard in.

Richard, big grin on his face, enters the room.  He says, "Oh very plush, been upgraded have we?"

Ed asks, "So what has brought you here then?"

"Well apparently we are only two hours from our destination and I wanted to see you before things get too busy that we won't have a chance to talk.  How is it going?  Presumably still heard nothing from the review panel?" asks Richard.

Ed replies, "Nothing, almost like they have given up after the last disastrous sitting.  Have we heard anything from the other craft taking part in the cross over?"

"Yes, like us they are on track for the meeting. I'll see if I can find out what has happened about the the review panel.  You shouldn't have this hanging over you as we face the challenge of whatever is out there.  How are you bearing up?"  Richard walks over to the other chair. 

"It hasn't been easy, especially as I have to make sure I avoid places that Jiash is likely to go to, which is most of the places that I'd usually go to."

"Actually I haven't seen her around at all since all this broke out.  She seems to have a self imposed embargo to also avoid all her usual places."

Ed turns off the screen, as it was a bit of a distraction, he wasn't really enjoying the vid anyway.  He  says, "Mind you Jiash was on duty earlier, well hopefully she turned up for her duty.  I would hate to think that she had got herself into any more trouble."

"Its good to hear that you haven't lost that caring touch.  After all if all this works out for the best, you've still got to work with each other." Remarks Richard.

"That is if I don't end up being locked away." replies Ed.

"Now now, keep positive, I'm sure the evidence will speak for itself." 

Ed looks rather agitated as he replies, "It's not the evidence that I'm worried about, its more how it is interpreted.  As it is, my Captain doesn't seem to believe me."

"Probably more like, she has to be seen to be independent and not show any favouritism, not easy for the captain you know." replies Richard with his usual encouraging smile.

Ed replies, "No I suppose it isn't.  Anyway what have you been up to, just been enjoying the trip?"

"Hardly, been in a series of meetings, haven't had much sleep since being aboard.  You'd be surprised how much planning they are putting into this thing.  There have been encoded messages flying backwards and forwards between us and the other craft."

"What's it name?"

"What?" asks Richard, face contorted as he tries to figure out what Ed means.

"The other craft that we are crossing with, what is its name?" asks Ed.

"Oh its the Questor 9, a battle cruiser, got some heavy weapons apparently and some impressive small craft aboard, so it can launch a multipoint attack if required.  Only ever seen one of those craft before and I can assure you they are really impressive.  Probably about three or four time the size of this craft." Richard's arms stretching out wide, hopelessly trying to indicate the relative size difference, but failing miserably.

"Wow that is big.  Any idea which of the two craft is likely to be sucked into the anomaly, or is the hope that we will both be sucked in?" 

Richard thoughtfully pauses before answering the question, then says, "Well actually that's a good question and to the best of my knowledge, no one knows the answer to that one.  It could be that the first one that gets within closest reach is sucked in first.  In fact come to think of it, there has only ever been one craft actually sucked in at any of the cross overs.  The other remains behind, almost as if there has to be a witness left behind."

"Now that is dead weird, unless you wanted to be found out, why leave a witness?  Surely it would make sense to take both craft.  Unless whatever is snatching them, can only take one craft, perhaps there is a limit on its power and it has to recharge or whatever it does, before attempting to grab another craft.  Have there been any incidences where the second craft has hung around afterwards for some considerable time, either through choice, or perhaps their drives have been damaged in the incident?" asks Ed, trying somehow to make sense out of all this.

"Asking the wrong person I am afraid, better to ask your brother Paul,  have not been that closely involved in the data packs or their analysis."  Richard shrugs his shoulders as he replies, then he asks, "Say you haven't anything to drink in this luxuriant pad have you?"

"Yes, help yourself, the drinks unit just over there." Ed points to a corner of the cabin, near the screen.  Richard launches himself out of the chair.  He does so with such force that he almost escapes the artificial gravity field and finds himself kind of hopping across the room.  Ed warns, "Now steady, don't forget we are in space Unc. You're not on Regenis now."

Richard laughs as he steadies himself again and admits, "Yes I did forget then didn't I?"  He soon finds himself by the drinks unit, he's about to serve himself, when he remembers Ed and asks if he'd like a drink.

Ed replies, "No thanks.  Oh, whilst I remember, don't bother with the ice option, there's something up with the dispenser.  I almost ended up with a black eye the last time I requested ice.  It was a bit like your acrobatics a moment ago."

"Right, thanks for the warning.  I probably would go for that option, especially as I was looking for something long and cool."

"What missing Sylvie?" Ed teases. Richard laughs and Ed suggests a Lacondite super cooler.  But warns that its best to let it stand for a minute, unless you want to weld your tongue to the container.

"One of those is it, had something similar a couple of years back, didn't half hurt.  Sylvie made things worse by laughing at me every time I mentioned the incident."

"Sympathy, you just can't get any these days eh?" Ed pleased to be able to carry out such banter and forget his woes, was enjoying the moment.

Richard's comms device beeps, closely followed by Ed's.  They look at their devices and then at each other.  Richard says, "Looks like the drink has to wait, same call?"

Ed smiles and asks, "How on Regenis 4 am I going to know how to answer that one, don't know what your message said?"

Richard smiles back, "Good point, been summoned to the entertainments room, how about you?"

"Same.  Wonder what's up?" asks Ed.

"Well we won't find out hanging around here will we?"  He heads towards the cabin door.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 23 - Battle Stations

The screen seems to indicate that the Jasteritan had come to a complete stand still.  Whilst difficult to tell at a glance, a professional like Ed, was trained to observe the slight changes in star patterns on the edges of screen, although subtle, they indicated whether the craft was in motion or not.  The  Jasteritan was clearly not in motion.  There were no changes happening.  Ed wonders if something has gone wrong with the craft's drives, or whether something else was going on.  The room, whilst quite large, is quite packed now.  Unfortunately there wasn't any bigger space for everyone to meet up in.  This room was never intended to hold all of the passengers of this craft, in fact there were several other rooms dotted around the craft serving the same purpose.  However on this journey, this was the only one in use.  Ed was glad that the craft only had less than a quarter of its normal quantity of passengers.  Otherwise it would soon get too crowded and uncomfortable in here.

Now, Ed can see the Captain and one of Richard's senior people standing in front of the screen.  Ed wonders who is taking care of the craft's navigation, then he remembers it is at stand still, so no need for anyone to be on the flight deck.  This is confirmed as he catches sight of Jiash to the left of the screen.  She has her head bowed, as if avoiding eye contact with anyone, let alone Ed.

Surely this won't be some sort of announcement connected with himself, Jiash and the review panel.   No-one could be that heartless surely?  It has to be something connected with the mission.  The fact that the craft is stationary bugs Ed, he just cannot figure out why, surely they had another couple of hours to go according to Richard.  Maybe something has happened to the other craft and the mission is going to be scrubbed.  Ed can't wait for the announcement to begin  He looks round at Richard, he seems as cool as a cucumber.  Strange phrase that, no one has seen one of those strange green plants for some considerable years, yet it is still a well used phrase.

There is a lot of mumbling going on, as everyone else in the room is proposing ideas as to what the meeting is all about.  The Captain and this other official seem to be waiting for something or someone.

Ed suddenly sees Richard being whisked away by another of Richard's people.  Ed wonders if Richard is now in trouble, perhaps for going to see himself and spending time in Ed's cabin.  Richard and the other man squeeze their way through the crowd, heading towards the screen.  Soon Richard is standing beside the senior officer.  He leans into Richard's left ear and appears to be updating him on something.  Ed is somewhat relieved, it appears as if his Uncle is not in trouble, but a part of whatever is going on.  

The senior person clears his throat and announces, "Ladies, Gentlemen and Space rats."  There is a laugh at the latter.  The space rats, whilst not really complimentary, was usually used as a term of endearment and affection.  It referred to people like Ed who ferried people around the stars.  The man went on to say, "We have reached our mission point somewhat earlier than anticipated, so you may have noticed that we have come to a stand still as we await our sister craft the, the...." he looks to Richard for some assistance.

Richard obliges with, "The Questor 9, a battle cruiser, also heading for this sector in space."

"Thank you Richard," the man smiles and resumes, "Apparently we got caught up in some sort of solar stream which rushed us along somewhat faster than anyone anticipated.  Despite best efforts of our Captain Fedioaux here and her fellow flight crew, they were unable to slow down our progress.  Anyway, we have about one and half hours before the, the Questor 9 arrives.  I just thought that it would give me the opportunity to thank you all for volunteering for this mission and assure you that between ourselves and the Questor 9 we will do our utmost to find out what in space is going on with this anom thing and if it is at all possible we will rescue our colleagues the other side of this thing.  You will all need t be as alert as possible in the coming hours.  Those that have not had any sleep for some time, should get some shut eye now, as we will need to maintain  round the clock vigilance.  Don't think that you will be missing out on the fun, as fun I am sure it will not be.  It is more important that we have a fully effective and efficient intelligence operation on this craft.  When it comes to brawn, the Questor 9 will provide that, we need to provide the brains.  Can I wish you all good luck and remember above all, that whilst things may get tough, we are all part of the one team and our aim is to win out over this, this thing."

There's a cheer and the mumbling starts again, only this time somewhat louder.  Richard makes his way back towards Ed, as does the Captain.  Ed looks out of the corner of his eye and Jiash appears to have vanished.

'Well at last some action.  This is what we came out here for and it isn't going to be long before we face the invisible foe.' thinks Ed to himself.  He wonders if the theory about crossing craft really does open up the anomaly, or if that was all wrong.  If there really is a foe, what are they like?  What weapons do they have, what is behind all this capture of the craft, are they building up some sort of battle fleet that they are going to send back to conquer the peoples of this part of space.   Questions, questions and soon he may have some answers.

Fedioaux reaches Ed first, she asks if he is alright, apologises for the short notice.

Ed assures Fedioaux that he is fine and that he wasn't doing anything much, so the short notice was perfectly alright.

Fedioaux asks if Ed would like to go on duty or stay on rest.

Ed says that he would rather be busy and that he had a good rest session so was raring to go.  He asked if Jiash had any preferences regards the matter.

Fedioaux's smile, catches Ed unawares, she says that Jiash needed some sleep and that in a way it was a shame that she had to wake her to witness the announcement, but it had to be done.

That is one puzzle solved, that explains the fact that her head was down whilst the announcement was being made, she was still tired, it also explained why she had disappeared so quickly after the announcement.  

Ed decides that he will ask straight out whether Fedioaux has heard anything about the review panel.

Fedioaux replies, "They either haven't invited me back or they haven't re-sat, as I have heard nothing as yet.  I was hoping that you would have heard something, but obviously not?"

Ed confirms that he has not.  He also adds that Richard has heard nothing either, but had promised to find out what was happening.  Ed looks up and finds that Richard has been detained by someone, they are in deep conversation about something, quite what it was impossible to tell.

Fedioaux says, "OK, when did you last have something to eat?"

Ed lies, saying that it had been an hour ago, whereas it had been several hours ago.  He is keen to get back on duty, some action will take his mind off of all the other goings on round here.

Fedioaux suggests that he reports for duty in half an hour, by which time things will get more interesting as they will be aligning the craft ready for the cross over and the the Questor 9 will be here.  Fedioaux departs.

Ed glances over to Richard, he is still heavily involved in his conversation.  Ed decides that it would be rude to go to Richard and disturb the conversation.  Instead Ed heads for the cafeteria, to grab a quick drink and snack.  As Ed looks for a vacant seat, it seems strange for the cafeteria to be so busy, presumably these others had the same idea as Ed to recharged the batteries so to speak, before 'battle commences', after all they may not get the chance latter.

Suddenly Ed catches sight of Jiash.  Sat at a table on her own.  He hopes she doesn't see him, he is about to turn and head in the opposite direction, when she looks up and catches sight of him.  She indicates that he should join her.  Ed knows this is forbidden so continues to swing around and heads off to the more crowded end of the cafeteria, regretting the fact that Jiash had to pick the least  populated end of the room.  Ed feels a bit like a fish trying to swim against the tide, the mass of people laden with their drinks and food, heading in the direction that he has just come from.  This all slows him down and interferes with his search for a vacant chair in this segment of the room.  Someone gets up and leaves a table ahead of him, Ed tries to head at speed towards the vacant spot, but someone ahead of him beats him to it.  

This all reminds Ed of a busy space port, its just as noisy too.

Another vacant spot just ahead of him, Ed determined to make it this time starts to head straight for it, but is stopped by a hand on his shoulder, closely followed by the soft voice of Jiash, "Ed do not go Click! I want Click! To say Click! That I am Click!..." 

Ed doesn't give her the chance to finish her statement, instead he says, "Look Jiash, we are not supposed to be in the same room, let alone talking. Please let go of me."

The grip on his shoulder,still as firm as ever, no sign of it changing.  Jiash resumes, "But Ed Click! I must say Click!...."

"Please Jiash, you must know as much as I do that we cannot do this, I must go." Ed lurches forward, obviously taking Jiash by surprise, her grip is released.  Unfortunately Jiash is not the only one surprised by Ed's sudden movement, there is a woman holding a tray in front of him, his sudden movement has caused her to lose her balance, she falls forward and almost spills the content of her tray.  A man beside her, wheels round to face Ed, his face quite red with anger.  He says, "Look matey don't know what your game is, but there's no reason for such behaviour.  If you want to have an argument, take it outside where it will be safer.  Or I will be forced to make you take it elsewhere."

Ed says, "I am so sorry I didn't mean to...."

"Just take it elsewhere matey!"  the other man protests, as he helps the woman regain her balance.

Ed follows the man's advice and quickly heads out of the cafeteria.  He puts his tray down before he leaves.  He gets a strange look from the person behind the counter, but they quickly resume serving the demanding queue.

It doesn't take Ed long to realise that he is being followed, he glances over his shoulder, whilst still trying to maintain his fast pace out of the cafeteria area, whilst also trying to avoid the stream of people heading towards the cafeteria.  Ed catches sight of Jiash, in hot pursuit.

Ed wonders what on Regenis 4 she is playing at, surely she received the same briefing that Ed had received, regards the fact that it was forbidden for them to be in the same area and they certainly should be interacting in any way.

Ed picks up speed and nearly runs into someone as a consequence.  He darts down a side corridor, whilst at the same time, tries to remember where this will lead. He doesn't have long before he sees that it branches into two directions, he takes the right branch.  Luckily this corridor is almost deserted.  Another  decision point, this time a cross roads, Ed heads of left, the corridor bends round to the right, then a bit further to the left, he sees why, there's a lift door, the corridor continues on down for a bit then swings right. At the end of this segment is a ladder.  Ed climbs this and finds himself on the next deck up.  There are corridors heading off left straight on and right.  Ed opts for the left corridor.  After a while there is choice of a branch off to the right or straight on.  Ed opts to branch to the right.  This leads out to a larger corridor which Ed recognises as being one that  leads to the flight deck.  

The flight deck and sanctuary.   Thinks Ed.  Jiash would be unable to get him into any trouble there as the Captain won't stand for it.  He enters the flight deck and Fedioaux looks across at him, rather surprised at his entrance.  "You are keen." she remarks.

"Actually not!" replies Ed, I ran into Jiash in the cafeteria and I'm trying to get away from her."  Ed then explains the encounter.  The Captain listens patiently, whilst also scowling.  Ed wonders if the scowl is meant for him or Jiash.  The latter is confirmed as Fedioaux says, "Silly girl, wonder what she was up to?  Although it sounds from what you have said, like she was trying to apologise for something.  Shame we don't know quite what for."

"Well I wasn't going to be in breech of the conditions placed on me to find out quite what that was." Ed protests.

"Quite quite." Fedioaux agrees.  Then she says, "Oh well hopefully it will all come out in the open soon enough."

Ed feeling somewhat guilty at the fact that he had even gone to the cafeteria on that deck when it was quite possible that Jiash could have been there, asks, "What will happen to her?"

"Sorry what do you mean?" asks Fedioaux.

"Well for her breech of the conditions?" explains Ed.

"Oh I see.  Well it won't go in her favour as she was clearly told to stay away from you and you obviously did your utmost to live up to your side of things."  Fedioaux goes silent for a moment, then says, "If only we could resolve this before we go for the cross over."

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 24 - The Pull

She certainly is an impressive craft, they had seen her sideways on as she re-aligned herself, before making the final approach.  Now it was like two giant knights of space, fully enrobed in their battle dress, awaiting the signal to make the charge towards each other.  Each making tiny alignment adjustments, floating there in space, admiring each other from afar, eyeing each other up as if judging the strength of the opponent before battle commences.  Although in reality, they were friends not foe, both coming from opposite sides of space, yet both on the same side, a single goal to trick this thing into trying to swallow up one or other of the craft so that they could both find a weakness behind this sly and cunning enemy and exploit it to its full.  It has taken several days for both of these craft to reach this moment in time, to stand together, awaiting the duly appointed moment, when the signal will be sent for the operation to properly commence.  The tension inside both craft mounting almost to fever pitch.  Each man and woman at their stations, awaiting their moment to shine, to be victorious and find the chink in the their common foe's armour.  If there were a single sun close enough to these two craft, you could imagine its light glinting off of these two proud craft as they await their moment of glory.  

If there were an audience watching, would they be cheering for their favourite or would they be silent, awaiting the signal for.....

Both craft start to gracefully move towards each other, as if they were still continuing to cross the vastness of space, and head off in their separate directions having crossed close by each other.  Close enough for the people aboard the craft to wave to each other, but not so close that one craft can touch the other, or even feel the output from each other's powerful engines.

The speed builds up, the craft approach.  The tension builds.  

All this way they have travelled and yet it seems so simple, one craft passes the other.

The Questor 9, now looking so dark, so ominous, heading straight for them.  Yet Ed knows that its course is set to pass by.  Yet the craft is so large that it looks like it will crash straight into them.  Ed thinks that he has to trust the instrumentation and not what he sees with his eyes out of the window.  The time ticks by, the giant monsters lunge towards each other.  Ed keeps a keen eye out for any anomaly activity, as well as tracking the advancing craft.  It looks so strange, more like some sort of docking station with odd shaped craft stuck to its sides, like the mythical creature, the hedgehog with lots of things stuck to its spines, unable to budge them.  They look so precarious, as if when the Questor 9 passes by one of those things could fall upon the Jasteritan, smashing into it. A strange notion as out here, gravity is rather selective.  The bit of craft could equally fly well away from both craft, its interest lying in some distant location.

The Questor 9 passes by and so far nothing out of the ordinary has happened, apart from the fact that neither of the sets of passengers and crew have waved to the other.  The tension and sense of expectation too high to Merritt any interest in their fellow space travellers.

Some considerable distance apart now and still nothing out of the ordinary.  Patiently they traverse onwards, increasing the distance between the two craft, as if they have now given up all hope of anything happening and they now head off in their separate directions.  After some many more minutes, heading towards an hour and considerable distance apart now, the decision is taken that both craft turn around and repeat the exercise, but this time it shall be attempted at greater speed.

There is no let up in tension aboard either craft, both teams still as alert as before.

Now both craft travelling at more normal travelling speeds for interstellar flights.  The time counts down slowly, until the point of cross over.  No-one knows when or even if the anomaly will appear, making this an even more nail biting experience.  Here are both craft deliberately trying to create their own doom scenario.  For all any of them know, both craft could be sucked into the anomaly and they could all be heading towards the end of their lives, or exploring an unknown area of space, like the early explorers.  

The not knowing, was what made it so painful.

Thirty minutes into the journey and at this speed, probably only four or five minutes before the cross over point.  Ed suddenly notes on the starboard side of their craft, there is a disturbance in the star patterns, at first ever so slightly.  If it were not for the fact of his star gazing hobby, he probably would not have noticed it.  The instrumentation was not aware of anything as yet.  As Ed studies the area more closely, he is sure that there is something and that it isn't his imagination.  Ed tells the Captain, who in turn notifies the commander.

There is stepwise change, from being a slight shimmer to the familiar ripple image that Ed has seen before.  Ed confirms that this is what he has seen before.  The commander says that they are getting confirmed gravity wave readings and what is more they are aimed right at the  Jasteritan.

Fedioaux contacts the Captain of the Questor 9 and says, "Well sorry but it looks like this one has our name written on it.  What is the plan, are you following us in or staying this side?"

The Questor's Captain informs Fedioaux, that the plan is, that they stay this side and should remain ready to mount a rescue if it looks like the Jasteritan runs into trouble.

Fedioaux says to Ed, "Well at least we know where we stand."

Ed asks if they should put up any pretence of trying to escape the gravity wave.  To which Fedioaux replies, "No we will just head straight in and see where it takes us."  She then comms the Commander and puts him in the picture.

An announcement is put out over the craft's tanoy system by the Commander, he tells everyone, that this is what they came to do and he wishes them all good luck.

With that, Fedioaux tells Ed to change course and head straight into the centre of the anomaly.

Ed can feel butterflies in his stomach, he never thought he would be nervous.  This was what he had come out here to do, to find out what lies beyond that thing, to see if they can rescue Kevin and the others.  Now that they were actually facing going into that thing, he wasn't quite so confident and sure.  The 'what if...' questions are all coming to mind.

Fedioaux asks if Ed is alright, would he prefer it if she takes the craft in?

Ed snaps out of his doubts and concentrates on the job in hand.  The Jasteritan slows and gradually turns to face that shimmering series of ripples, that is the anomaly.  As they face it full on, Ed can see the faint outlines and colours of things in or the other side of those ripples.  The centre is opening up, like the iris of a large waking monster.  No, probably more like a mouth, preparing to swallow them up.  Swallow them up, never to be seen again, or would it be like a bad taste and whatever that thing is, it will spit them back out like a sour berry.

Ed steadily takes the Jasteritan in closer and closer to that thing.  

The Questor 9 can be seen clearly now off the port side, to the rear and it is gradually heading closer to the anomaly, assuming the same position that the Cosmos 3 had done when Ed and crew watched the Geshbelhaus slide into the previous.  It is turning to observe as the Jasteritan enters the anomaly.

The Jasteritan is now heading at some speed into the anomaly.

Ed watches carefully as they head closer and closer to those rippling concentric rings.  There are patches of colour showing up, clearer now than he had seen before, when the Geshbelhaus had headed into this thing.  The patches reminded Ed of one of those jumbled up puzzles, where you slide the squares around to try and get the picture's pieces back into their correct order.  These pieces look like shiny metal, as they glisten with the ripples.  As impossible as it seems, this is almost like looking at the reflections off of a pond as the ripples traverse across it.  But for this to be the case the objects concerned would need to be this side of the 'pond'.  The whole was an impossible situation.  Going also by the number of colours involved, there must be more than one object involved, unless it is a multi-coloured item.  

As the Jasteritan gets even closer, Ed recognises some of the shapes, they appear to be parts of craft.  Ed sees one of these parts and his heart skips a beat, as it  appears to be like the lower rear end of the Geshbelhaus, the sweep of the bottom of it's stern, or rear end, is unmistakable, especially given the last three digits of its identification number 089 are visible. 

The sideways pull on their bodies is quite strong now, they find that it takes a good deal of effort not to be dragged into the nearest wall towards the bow, or front, of the craft.  Ed catches sight of Fedioaux bending down and he wonders for a moment what on the moons of Regenis she is up to, then he realises that she is changing out of her high heels into her regulation gripper flats.  She is obviously concerned about the build up in gravity wave.  Ed thinks this a good move, so decides that he will change into his grippers also.  He cautiously makes his way to the locker and retrieves his pair and then awkwardly changes out of his normal shoes into the gripper ones.  As he does so he can hear Fedioaux's announcement over the tannoy system as she suggests that the passengers and crew also change into their grippers.  She warns the crew that all breakable items should be stowed safely away.  Ed can imagine the flurry of activity throughout the craft now as things are being hurriedly put away.  It is almost as if the internal walls of the craft had momentarily became transparent and Ed could see the activity throughout the craft.

The Jasteritan  is now well and truly in the anomaly's tunnel entrance, its own shape and colours reflecting off of the sides of the rippling tunnel walls, as if it were falling into a whirl pool of water.

According to the instrumentation readings the craft is travelling at vast rates of speed, yet from the screen it appears as if they are just gently sliding deeper into this tunnel.

The gravitational pull now is becoming painful, even with gripper flats, Ed can feel himself losing the battle and he is gradually sliding towards the main screen.  He glances round at Fedioaux and finds that she is gripping onto a control surface with all of her might, determined to move no further.  The craft is shaking violently, the noise is becoming unbearable.  Ed wonders if the craft be ripped apart by these forces.

It feels as if they are on the path of doom, of no return.  Ed wonders if he should fire up the engines and at least try and resist these forces, or will that just make matters worse?  He attempts to ask Fedioaux, but the noise is too great to make himself heard, let alone understood.  Ed resumes his silence.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 25 - Am I?

Conscious that there was pain, yet there seems to be none now, also that the force that Ed had felt before was gone.  He feels alone, yet how can that be, surely he is still on the craft?  There's a clinical feel, like a hospital.

Feel, a strange thought, there is no feel a such, just the strong thought that there should be some, some feelings, some awareness of the touch of things around him, yet there is none.  Also Ed cannot see anything,  he does not have the sense that he is in a dark place, yet there is nothing to see, just an awareness of nothing.  What a stupid thing to think, to feel, to sense.

The question comes to mind, he is awake, isn't he? 

Ed wonders if he has ended up back in a hospital like before, after the Geshbelhaus?  Is he recovering after another 'episode' or whatever these things are called?  This feels like a dream, there again that word feels, there are no feelings, no sensations, Ed is sensation-less.  His brain searches for any sensory input, but there is none.  He should at least be aware of his temperature, the touch of sheets, or bedding of any kind.  Yet there is nothing.  

Ed searches his recent memories, the last thing he remembers is what?  Yes that was it, should he try and fire up the engines to resist these forces, what forces, there is nothing now, not even the touch of the floor, the wall, the bed.  Is he.....?

No, the mere thought, he refuses to accept, let alone shape into his mind, he cannot be.  He thinks, yet he cannot feel, he cannot see, is this, what it is like to be....?  Again his mind refuses to accept the word, the concept, the thought.

Surely he would have some last memory of how it happened?  Yet he does not.  Did it happen so fast that every cell of his being had not the slightest chance to be aware of what had happened to him?  He refuses to believe it.  Instead he turns his mind to what has happened to the others, surely they must be with him, at least some of them.  Even if he were.... at the final place.  He resists the temptation to name the state, let alone accept that he is there, here.  

No, no he cannot be, not he, it cannot all be over, just like that.  Yet there is something after.... 

He thinks, yet he does not feel, is this what it is like?  

Ed must get off of this treadmill somehow, but how.

Senses, that has to be the answer, he must somehow reconnect with his senses.  That is, if he still has a body to reconnect with.  There those thoughts again, he refuses to accept that he is at the end.  Is total denial that your life is over, that you are finally here, is this normal?  Maybe there is some adjustment time needed and this is it.

Ed has the overwhelming thought, that he has not come to the end, something within him refuses to accept that this is the case.  He MUST try and reconnect with his senses, maybe he is just in a hospital bed and there are nursing staff out there waiting, hoping that he is putting up this fight, to live again, to be again, to feel again to sense again.

A flash of something, almost like before.  He is in a hospital bed and they are using that equipment again, that must be it.  Ed struggles to see the light again, but nothing, no light, no other senses.  No other senses, what is he saying?  He can hear those noises.  There's that flash again, brief but unmistakable.  Then suddenly a warm cosy feel, not a touch, but a feeling of temperature, like that warm cosy glow that you get when snuggled up in bed.  He is in hospital after all, but why can't he feel the bedding and what on the moons of Regenis are those noises.  If only he could see what is going on.  

Ed tries to move his fingers.  There's a sensation, of small movement, but something is resisting him, nothing that is touching him.  A force field, that's it, a force field, you can't feel it, but you can't resist it.  He must be suspended in a force field.  

Why would they be using a force field?  They want him to remain still, his injuries must be pretty bad for this, maybe he suffered really bad burns, maybe.... no that doesn't bear thinking about.

Ed turns his attention back to the others, how are they, Richard, Fedioaux, the commander, Jiash, Toljev, yes Toljev, from the cafeteria, the others, did they make it also?

Make it, make it where?  The last he could remember, they were well into that anomaly.  Perhaps the Questor 9 had managed to rescue them?

Or... perhaps they have actually made it to the other side and the peoples of this side are taking care of them?

Questions, questions, but no answers.  Ed must find answers.  To do that he must sense more than his own immediate surroundings.  Those noises tell him that there is something else out there.  Let's start with that.  Anything identifiable, like any voices?  

Ed waits and listens.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 26 - News 

Paul cannot believe the message; he reads it for the third time.  Clearly from a reliable source, if the screen can be believed.  Just how is he going to break this news to Mum and Dad? 

To think that the event itself must have happened a good two hours ago at least, given the time it takes for messages to reach from that region of space.

How is he going to tell Jenny, she is distraught enough anyway at the thought that Ed was out there in space, deliberately putting himself in the path of the unknown and now for this to have happened.

Paul grabs himself back from despair.  He knows his brother would not want that.  There has to be hope of a rescue.  If there had not been, Ed would not have gone out there and put himself on the line, so to speak.  Its Paul's job now, to be strong, for the family, for Ed and come to that, for Richard.  At least they are together.  If anyone can succeed to survive, to try and get back, it is those two; both strong and determined.  Ed had described the mission as being a group of strong individuals, determined to make it through and bring back their colleagues and friends.  With such determination, they cannot fail.  Yet Paul has an overwhelming feeling that they could do with some determined people this side also.  Paul is not thinking, of people just being at home, but closer to Ed and Richard.  Yes, there is that other craft out there, waiting for them.  What did the message name it?  The Questor 9, sounds like a scientific expedition.  Surely they need something stronger than a bunch of scientists?  Ah here it is, although he had read the message three times, Paul had failed to note that the Questor 9 is a military craft, a battle cruiser.  Paul had heard about these, just the right thing to have around if there is trouble.

Paul wonders, if Sylvie's attempts, to raise some sort of rescue mission, will actually carry any weight, when surely this was what Ed and the others had gone out there to do, to disappear into that, that anomaly.  Paul feels kind of guilty now, about his involvement in this matter, for without his research into that other disappearance and military craft.  The whole mission may have been scrubbed; had he not come up with evidence of the military craft, as it would have been thought that the whole basis and theory, that they were out there to prove, was flawed.  

The thought crosses Paul's mind, that Ed had succeeded though, he went out there to prove the theory and Ed was right.  Ed may have, in so doing, saved countless lives, but at the loss of his own?  That thought, must be disregarded at once, Ed will make it back, Paul is determined on that point.  Perhaps Sylvie was right in trying to mount a rescue mission.  There should be someone from the family there, on this side of that anomaly thing, trying to do their best to get Ed and the others back.  Paul wonders if Ed has found Kevin and the others and if at this very moment, they are not mounting an escape plan and preparing to come back through.

Just how is Paul going to break the news to Mum, Dad and Jenny?  He wishes that Carina was here, she would know what to advise him, at least be supportive of him, as he carries out his family duty and delivers the news.

Paul feels guilty about speaking over the dramacast, disturbing the folks.  They seemed so wrapped up in what was going on, on that 3-d stage that is the entertainments screen.  Maria pauses it and everyone listens.  

Jenny has been staying, ever since Ed had disappeared, she could not bear to be away from the family, in-case the news that Paul, now guiltily delivers.  He dreads the reaction, but he knows, it is his duty.  He prepares himself for the onslaught.  Like someone preparing for a tidal wave, to crash down on their house.  Just what do you try to protect first, who is going to react first to this crashing wave, as it hits.

Maria starts to cry before Paul says another word, she can see from his face that the news is not good.  Jenny quickly looks across at Maria, not knowing what to do, go and comfort her or wait for the news that she is also dreading, to be delivered.  Whilst Edward, just looks impatient to know the worst.  Paul starts to say that he has had a message from Sylvie, but his Mother's pleas of "Tell me he isn't dead, tell me." are just too strong, for the structured approach that Paul was planning.  

Instead Paul just says, "I can't Mum, all I can say is that he and Richard were right, they have made it into that anomaly thing.  The theory was right about cross over flights."

Edward asks, "What are they doing to get Ed and Richard back out?"

Paul at a loss for a reassuring answer to that one, just tells the truth, as he knows it, as Sylvie relayed it, "They are waiting to see if Ed and company can rescue the others and re-open the anomaly.  Apparently there is battle cruiser on hand and another one or two on their way."

Maria and Jenny are crying, unable to cope with the fact that the news they were dreading has finally come through.  Whilst at the moment Ed and Richard's demise has not been confirmed, it does not look good.  The pair are thinking the same thing, 'Just why did they put their lives on the line like this?'

Edward, tries to maintain some sanity by saying, "For all we know they may be back out by now, these messages take some hours to reach us because of the vastness of space.  There's no need to get unnecessarily upset at this stage, Ed and Richard could be perfectly safe and on their way home by now."

Edward's attempt at reassurance does nothing for Maria and Jenny, they still sob uncontrollably.  Paul attempts to console them by cuddling the pair, feeling at a loss to do anything else.  Not daring to mention Sylvie's plans.

Whilst, Edward tries again to get everyone to see 'common sense.'

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Paul's comms band beeps, the third message today and all from Sylvie.  This one confirms that the authorities, in the shape of the western spiral alliance, have agreed to launch their own rescue mission, what is more, they have at their disposal a new craft that travels at twice normal speed, so instead of it taking nearly five days to get to the place where Ed and Richard disappeared from, it will only take about two days.  Then Sylvie asks the question, that Paul has been dreading, is he on for going out there or not.

Paul knows what his parents and come to that Carina would say about him going, but at the end of the day, it is his brother, his life and if the roles were reversed, he knows what way Ed would go.  He sees that he really has no choice, however, that does not prevent him having the same fears and thoughts that no doubt Ed had when making up his mind and preparing to go.  He decides that he will have to do it without telling a soul.  Ed's disappearance was more painful for the family in that he had discussed the matter with Jenny beforehand, whilst it gave her some understanding as to why he went, it didn't take away the agony.

Paul's reply is short, simple and somehow final, 'Count me in, when and where?'

The return message, is quick to arrive, it says, "Hescidian Space Port, still making final arrangements, but suspect tomorrow morning.  Best set off tonight, they won't want to wait around. Do you need me to send anything to Dad?'

Paul replies, 'Please don't.'

The reply is short and sweet, 'I see, OK. Tomorrow, minimum stuff, kit supplied.'

Paul stayed away from the others.  Edward still trying to play the logical thought card, Maria and Jenny still flooding the entertainments room, with their tears, the dramacast probably still on pause.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

It seemed strange to see a recognisable smiling face, but there she was ready to greet him, Sylvie, large as life, as the saying goes.  It had been some while since Paul had seen her, had sensed her thoughts.  He had almost forgotten her ability to be able to speak without opening her lips.  There is much relief in her thoughts and something else there that he had not seen before.  Something about Richard and himself; Paul reminded her of Richard, but in a sense, that was more than it should have seemed.  There is a lot of emotion there.  Emotion that Paul finds it difficult to understand.  Then suddenly like a bolt of lightening, he sees it.  Well, well, how did they keep that little secret?  Richard and Sylvie.  How did he not spot it before.  Sylvie seems relieved that he now knows.  He senses her smile.  Paul utters, "Well, well." then "I am glad for the pair of you."

Sylvie softly says, "Thanks" and she grabs his hand.  The emotionless Sylvie, family, fancy that.  Paul's Aunt, well sort of anyway.  He quite likes the thought, 'Aunt Sylvie.'  Especially now he knows that she isn't cold and emotionless like the depths of space.  The depths of space, the thought brings him back to what they are planning to do, what they are going to do.  He asks if the craft has arrived.

Sylvie confirms that whilst it won't appear on a departure board, it was already here and making ready to depart.  She adds that it is docked at a remote place on the port and that they will need to travel behind the scenes in order to reach it, she says that she has been waiting for someone to fetch them.  Sylvie grips Paul's hand tight again and says that she is so pleased that he had agreed to come along.  She confirms that she also is not looking forward to the trip, however, the thought of being nearer to Richard and Ed spurs her onward.  Just then a security person walks up to them, flashes some sort of ID to Sylvie and asks them to follow him.  Sylvie nods, asks if Paul is ready, he picks up his bag and nods.  The group of three head towards an entrance marked, 'Authorised Personnel ONLY'

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 27 - Regimented 

Ed wonders how much time has passed since they entered the anomaly and come to that how long has he been here?  Wherever here actually is.  He would just love it if he could solve that mystery.

Another flash.  This time, there was something more than just light, hazy and indistinct.  Also feeling, at last some feeling!  Ed can feel something against his eye, the one that he had opened.  It is a liquid, feels strange at first, like those times when you use an eye wash and you are very reluctant to open your eye, as you are convinced it will hurt; so much so that when you do open your eye you think it hurts, but it doesn't.  This is the same.  Ed's vision is blurred at first, as he gets used to trying to focus through the liquid.  There must be something holding the liquid in place and perhaps his eye's lenses have to compensate for that also.

The thought suddenly hits Ed, if his eyes are submerged in some sort of liquid how can he breath?  Is he breathing?  He tries to take in a deep breath, but he has no sensation of breathing.  No cold or come to that warm air entering his mouth or his throat, or his lungs.  Yet if he can see, he must be alive.  Unless he is wrong about that one, perhaps he isn't the fact that he cannot get the sensation of breathing, could indicate that he is no longer alive.  Yet what is this liquid all about.  He can sense and feel this.

Ed's sight is getting clearer now.  Hundreds if not thousands of them, how can he describe them? Oval in shape, each with something inside.  If only he could make out quite what they are. He blinks.  Ah that is clearer, they remind him of pods, pods on a tree, yet these are in regimented rows.  Row upon row, upon row.  Thousands of them, each containing something, something with different colours, with the same colours in some cases.  It reminds Ed of something, something early in life.

That's it rows and rows of people, some wearing the same clothes and then every so often some wearing different colours.  Like the first day of school, when most children turn up in school uniform whilst a few turn up in their own clothes, looking rather odd and rather out of things.

Why the vast numbers of these oval pods and why so regimented?  So this isn't a conventional hospital.  Perhaps this is an alien form of recovery facility and that's the way they do things here.  But why so many?  It is like there has been a disaster, a massive crash and all these people need intensive care.  But if that is the case, where are the doctors, the nurses?  Someone must notice soon that he, Ed is coming around, all he has to do is sit tight, keep an eye on his surroundings and if he sees an opportunity to get noticed, he must take it.

~~~~~~~~

The craft is considerably different to any that Paul has seen before, a lot smaller than he would have hoped.  They were not going to rescue many with this craft, although from the information that Ed had sent Paul, the whole crew and passengers of the Jasteritan would probably fit on board this craft.  What will they do with all the hundreds if not thousands of others who have been taken into that anomaly.  Paul just hopes that the crafts that went into the anomaly, can make it back out again.  

The techno geek side of Paul wonders what makes this new craft so unique and so fast.  No doubt being secret, no one will let him in on that one.  How he'd dearly love to know though.  

Paul is at the same time excited and full of dread at what they are about to do.  He gets that same sense from Sylvie, tinged with a sense of gratitude that Paul is here with her.  Paul is very surprised to pick up that Sylvie feels that she would find this more difficult without someone she knew being along for the trip.  Given her trade, Paul would have thought that she had probably faced hundreds of things ten times as scary.  Who would have thought that a member of the secret service would also have nerves?

It is most strange to be standing in a deserted corridor, looking out of the windows at the craft that will be their home for the near future.  It is the strangest craft that Paul and Sylvie have ever seen, no colour, pure black.  It looks quite chic and streamlined, apart from the two rather bulbous appendages at the back.  They make the craft look really weird and must be something to do with what makes this a special craft.  As Paul and Sylvie look up and down the other docking ports, there are no other craft in sight.  Most strange indeed for such a busy space port to see such a sight.  

The man who has brought Paul and Sylvie out to this craft is getting a bit edgy now, presumably wanting to get back to the main area of the port, perhaps he has to escort others out here.  He keeps walking towards the craft's entrance gateway, then returning to Paul & Sylvie as he sees that they are not following him.  His every movement shows that he wants them to get aboard and release him to get back to his other tasks.

Reluctantly Paul and Sylvie take their last look at the exterior of their craft, trying to remember the scene.  They gather their belongings together and head towards the SecID terminal. One at a time, waving their comms bands before it, they are granted entrance to the long winding tunnel that leads down to the waiting craft.  Their escort bids them a safe and pleasant flight and then he joyfully departs off back to the main part of the port. :-)

The airlock to the craft is closed, a most strange occurrence, for a craft being boarded.  There's a flash of a face behind the window in the airlock door.  Then the door starts to open, revealing a woman dressed in full battle style gear, a weapon prominently displayed, held diagonally across her chest, ready to point straight at Paul and Sylvie.

Paul and Sylvie as one, wonder if they have come to the wrong craft.

The woman without a word, nods towards the SecID terminal just inside the door. She seems overly nervous about the presence of these two strangers, dressed in civilian clothes. 

Sylvie, does as prompted and waves her comms band in front of the terminal, which identifies her as "R4C-122479-03-S".  Strange, no name  announced.  The terminal pauses and then announces, "Welcome aboard Sylvie".  Finally a name, but no family name.  Sylvie steps aside to give Ed free access to the terminal.  The armed woman, indicates that Sylvie move further into the craft.  However, Sylvie has other ideas and stands where she is, shielding Ed from direct line of sight from this over officious guard, or at least that's the way that Paul receives her thoughts on the matter.

Paul steps forward and also waves his arm band in front of the terminal.  There is pause, then the terminal announces, "R4C-402361-98-C".  Again the pause as it considers whether this is an acceptable id or not, then it announces, "Paul Glaceons, student, suggest search for weapons and materials."  At the latter announcement, another guard appears out of the wings so to speak and points his weapon at Paul.  This one speaks, he asks Paul to "Step this way please sir.  Bring your bag with you."  The latter added as Paul drops his bag.

Sylvie protests, "He's one of us."

The guard says, "Can not be too careful, Mam. Be grateful if you could remain here." His gun points to a spot on the floor, which just happens to have a circle as part of the pattern.  Almost as if it was deliberately designed to be a holding area.

Paul follows the guard, as he walks sideways, keeping his eyes simultaneously on where they are heading and also on Paul.  They do not walk far.  The guard stops and points with his weapon to an open door, indicating that Paul step inside.  The guard says, "Please put your bag on the shelf to your right, turn and face the window at the front, then stand perfectly still."

The door slides shut and Paul sees that the guard's gun is pointed straight at him.  Now, if that were not enough of a persuader, to stand perfectly still, I don't know what is.  Paul does as instructed.  He notes that there are beams of light scanning all over his body, presumably checking for concealed weapons and who knows what else.

After what seems like a very long time the beams disappear and a voice declares Paul as 'clean'.  The door slides open and the guard advises Paul that he can pick up his bag.  Then in a much friendlier tone, he says, "Welcome aboard the Klashnayev, Mister Glaceons.  I'd like to say have a comfortable journey, but I know from the trip here, they still haven't ironed out the bugs.  You will find the details of your cabin location and a map of the craft, along with forbidden areas on your comms band sir.  I would suggest you stay out of those forbidden areas, as I would hate our next encounter to be a terminal one.  I don't really like using these things, although I will if I have to."  The guard taps the side of his weapon.

Paul nervously picks up his bag, departs the small chamber and is aware that Sylvie has rejoined him.  The guard directs Paul to stand to one side as Sylvie is shown into the chamber that Paul has just been in.  The process is repeated and again the voice declares Sylvie as clean.  Sylvie grabs her bag an rejoins Paul.

Paul glances at his comms band.  It shows a 3-d drawing of the craft and there's a flashing indicator showing the location of Paul's cabin.  There are another three flashing spots showing where he, the guard and Sylvie are currently standing.

"Let me get you started Sir and Mam, go straight down this corridor and there are a set of stairs, well more like a ladder, at the end.  Go down this to the deck below and retrace your steps in this direction again."  He glances at Paul's band and says, "You Sir, are on the left and you Mam, to the right."  With that his weapon resumes a diagonal stance across his chest, he turns and in the low lighting he almost vanishes, as he retreats, although occasional glimpses of him are caught.

"What a start to the journey." Paul whispers to Sylvie.  

Sylvie replies, "Not one I was expecting, I can assure you.  Mind you it is their craft and I suppose they have to be careful that it doesn't get hijacked."

~~~~~~~~

Ed finds it most frustrating that he cannot move his head and explore this place even further.  As his sight has improved even further, he has confirmed that these oval pods contain bodies, each seems to be immersed in a liquid, some of which is clear, whilst others contain quite dark coloured liquids.  Ed wonders what the significance of the liquid is.  Suddenly it dawns on him, that the reason he could feel no air, when trying to breath, was the fact, that there is none.  He and the others are breathing liquid!  That is why there are different coloured liquids, they each represent the different atmosphere's that each species requires in order to survive.  Ed wonders if they are in some sort of gigantic space craft, or have they been transported to a nearby planet and are being held for some reason.

This liquid survival pod concept poses a lot of problems regards any form of escape from this place.    As soon as the pod is broken or unsealed, the liquid will escape and there will go Ed's life support.  Ed's thoughts turn to the other necessities of life, how are he and the others being fed and come to that how is waste dealt with.  The thought of the last one, makes him cringe, surely he is not breathing his own.  No, no the thought of it!  

Ed tries to focus more accurately on the nearest pod opposite him, such a vast distance away, makes it difficult for him to make out any detail.  He wonders if this is done deliberately, in-case any of the beings awakes like Ed.  Unfortunately he cannot make out any real detail, as this one contains a darker liquid, although the body within it, is clearly not human, having several limbs floating around in the liquid.  Suddenly something moves, higher up on the body.  It is like a flash of dim light.  It is an eye, unmistakeably an eye.  Perhaps like Ed, the creature is waking up.  Ed wonders if it has telepathic capability and whether Ed can try to communicate with it.  What is he thinking, even he doesn't have telepathic capabilities.  Perhaps the creature's eye opening is just an involuntary reaction.

Ed wonders again if any of his fellow passengers are around him.  As he cannot turn his head, he is unable to check out the pods around him and chances are that they have been placed in adjoining pods.  If only Sylvie were here, he would be able to communicate with her.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 28 - Presence

Sylvie had tried to comm her colleagues, but had no response, they must have been delayed.  Sylvie had asked several fellow passengers if they knew when the craft was scheduled to take off but no one knew.  

It has been a good two hours since Sylvie and Paul had boarded the craft.  Paul is in the cafeteria, waiting for Sylvie, she had told him to be here half an hour ago, yet she is still no where to be seen.  Paul is quite nervous about hanging around here, he feels quite uncomfortable, with all these military types around him.  They appear to be ignoring him, yet he has the strong feeling they are watching him carefully.  If it weren't for the fact that he's so nervous, he almost feels like being mischievous and making movements that would make them even more edgy.  But he has the strong feeling  he'd be shot faster than he could explain it was a joke.  Instead he keeps himself to himself and counts the seconds until Sylvie appears.  

There's suddenly much fuss made as someone enters, several people leave their seats and head to the entrance to greet this person.  It is like a musivid star entering, except no screaming.  Paul wonders who this person is and why they have attracted so much attention.

The man swings round and to Paul's surprise, he holds out his arms and says that he cannot believe that the legendary Sylvie is actually here.  Paul recognises her face, as she approaches the man, he hugs her, then leads her into the cafeteria.  There's a hush as he announces that he's delighted to say that they have Sylvie with them and that she was the main reason why they had been so successfully on the Keljesq 6 campaign.  Without Sylvie they would not have stood a chance.  He adds that with this lady aboard we cannot fail.

Paul feels kind of left out of things, he was feeling insignificant enough before this stranger appeared.  Paul knew that Sylvie would have a secret past, after all she was a spy. 

Sylvie suddenly announces, "Oh, Galdesar, I would like to introduce you to a very good friend of mine, Paul Glaceons.  His uncle is Richard Glaceons, I believe you worked with him on the Deltar Sigma case?"

The man, tall, rugged and dressed entirely in black, apart from the distinctive dark blue stripes edged with gold, on his shoulders.  Strolls straight past his many admirers and approaches Paul, right hand outstretched.  As he approaches Paul, he mutters, any friend of Sylvie's has to be a friend of mine.  I owe this woman so much gratitude, I cannot express my admiration of her abilities. 

Paul nervously accepts the man's firm handshake.  The man has such a presence, that earlier cultures would have described him as a god, or if not that, a king or Emperor.  The man exuded power, control and ability to use what influence he has to the best effect.  It certainly seems to be paying off with the people assembled in this room.  The man's acceptance of Paul, seems to have had a strange effect upon the people around Paul, they all look at Paul as if he were someone of importance now, rather than that insignificant civilian who should be eyed with suspicion and mistrust.  Paul marvels at how the very presence of one person can change the atmosphere in such a short space of time and with such a powerful effect.  Even Sylvie, who normally just fades into the background as an unseen person, suddenly shines, as being of great importance, to be admired, to be feared, to be re-veered. 

The engines can be heard firing up, the craft was obviously waiting for this Galdesar, to come aboard.

Paul leans towards Sylvie and remarks, "Your friends obviously missed the trip."

Sylvie nods towards  Galdesar and says, "You kidding,  Galdesar is one and his right hand woman Kell-ast-aj are the friends I was trying to get hold of." She turns to Galdesar and asks, "Too important to answer text messages these days?"

"From you Sylvie, never, we were running late and the idiot who brought us to the craft insisted I had no time to answer your text.  Little did he know how important you are to me.  But we were dependent upon him, to get us here safely, so I decided for once, to let him  have his way.  Sorry if you were disappointed in me."  Answers Galdesar with a big grin on his face.  Then he continues, "Could I ask why you and your friend here, are still dressed in civies?  Only it makes this lot nervous." he nods in the direction of those around them.

Sylvie replies, "Sorry I didn't think there was any rush, but only too happy to oblige."

Paul is wondering why they have such a hangup about having others around not dressed the same as themselves.  It seems somewhat extreme, but perhaps it is something to do with their training.  If it is something to do with being able to spot enemies quickly, that makes no sense, as it would be easy for someone to either get hold of a uniform or fake one up and come amongst them.  Paul could never figure the military mind.

Galdesar glances at his comms band and says, "We are operating on UTC now, I would like you Sylvie and you Paul to join me and my Leader Board team for a meal, by which time we will be in the depths of space and on our way.  That OK with you Sylvie?"

Sylvie, without hesitation replies, "Just tell me, er.... us where and when."

Gadesar walks to the nearest screen on a wall, points to a part of the craft and says, "Here".  Sylvie and Paul look closely at the place on the screen. Galdesar slides his finger to icons representing Sylvie and Paul.  Their comms bands beep.  Paul glances at his Comms band and sure enough there is a map showing the location of the room that Galdesar had pointed to.

Galdesar says, "Oh by the way, little rule regards comms with the outside, don't encode.  Our system will take care of that, anything that you encode, will not be forwarded, just a precaution regards the enemy within."

Sylvie takes Paul by surprise as she laughs and asks, "What on R4 made you say that?"

"Glancing at the comms bands I suppose.  Most hosts forget to mention such little, but important things." replies Galdesar, then continues, ""You know me stickler for details."

Sylvie smiles and replies, "Bragging again about your qualities and skills?"

There is a silence for a short while, then Sylvie says, "Well best get out of our civies. Oh stickler for detail, you didn't tell us the when bit."

"How right you are, see I knew it was a good idea to have you along for the ride, how about in two hours?" asks Galdesar.

"What do you mean?  I arranged this trip, you just provided the transport."  Sylvie pauses, for effect then continues, "And the charming company."

"That does not deserve a response, two hours and no fashionably late!" Galdesar turns and marches out of the cafeteria.  It is almost as if the sun had suddenly set, as the room returns to its previous atmosphere.  Sylvie nods in the direction of the doorway and says, "Lets get changed then Paul, you heard the master."

~~~~~~~~

Ed has the strangest feeling, that he is being observed.  It is a very strong feeling, almost like the conviction of suddenly uncovering a camera surface and having the suspicion that you have been monitored for a while.  Ed cannot see anything different out there, yet he just has this overwhelming feeling he is being watched, well more than watched.  

Ed is aware that there is some conversation taking place about him, nothing that he can hear, strange really.  Its almost like when Sylvie was around and he thought he heard her speak, yet she didn't.  Only here, he doesn't understand the language as such, but gets the drift of what is meant by it.  Whoever or whatever is conducting the exchange of ideas, seems to be concerned that Ed is aware, that's it aware.  The other side of the exchange is offering some sort of explanation, but Ed does not understand what the explanation is, just that it is an explanation or potential one.  The originator of the exchange expresses some concern that Ed's awareness state should be stopped.  Ed wonders if that means they are planning to kill him or just put him back to sleep.  The explaining part of the exchange seems to be pointing out that there are other such awarenesses.  Ed wonders what it means here, does it mean states of awareness or people who have also reached the same or similar state of being awake that Ed has reached?  Ah it is the latter.

If only Ed could find out why he and the others are being held here like this suspended in a sleep state.  Are they just biding time, whilst their injuries heal?  No can't be, Ed has no sense of being injured, although he can't guarantee that his senses are all active and operating properly.  If only he could move and see his body.  That's it, perhaps if he focused his eyes to the interior of the pod, he may be able to see a reflection of at least part of his body on the interior surface.  Ed concentrates and to his surprise he can see his mouth, chin, neck, chest, shoulders and tops of his arms.  He is naked!  So he is suspended in liquid in a transparent pod and naked.  Most weird.

They can read his mind, the exchange that just took place clearly showed that they understood Ed's sense of surprise at finding himself naked.  There's a further exchange about the importance of returning Ed quickly to a state of sleep, no more than that, unawareness.  They appear to be distressed at the fact of Ed's shock.  They think he is suffering.  Ed decides to try an experiment, to see if he can communicate with them, he concentrates on the question, 'why am I here, why do you want us unaware?'  Over and over, he concentrates on the question.  He is distracted slightly as he detects concern again that they think he is suffering.  Then there is an exchange about his question and again attempt to find a solution to return Ed to a state of unawareness.  His experiment worked! He can communicate with them.  Ed wonders whether he should ask if he is injured, but decides against this as they may interpret it as Ed becoming even more distressed.  Instead he decides to relax and then concentrate on the question, 'How did I and those around me, get here?'  Again Ed repeatedly concentrates on the question, whilst keeping calm and unemotional.

After a short while there is another exchange.  This time it is them that are panicked, as they realise that Ed is aware that he is not alone and that the pods around him represent fellow travellers.  The exchange goes along the lines, that they have not observed any of the others being that aware.  They are really spooked out by Ed's sense of awareness.  Ed decides he will next concentrate on what has happened to their craft the Jasteritan.

Another exchange, along the lines of how do we explain this one.

Ah so at last they are aware that Ed is tapping into their conversation.  They are considering replying to his question.  Now he is making some progress.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 29 -  Common Ground

There is a lot of friendly banter going on between the people collected around the table.  Galdesar is at the centre of it all, as can be expected.  He stands as soon as he catches sight of Sylvie and Paul.  The pair now look just like any of the other military personnel collected around the table, dressed in their supplied military uniforms.  Paul felt strange and uncomfortable, it wasn't that the clothes themselves were uncomfortable, it was more the fact of appearing to be something that he was not.  Yet the reaction of these military people was much calmer now, he was one of them.  Strange how clothes can do this.  Paul knew he just had to get used to wearing the clothes, it would be his normal wear for the rest of this journey.  He consoled himself with the fact that whilst he was 'off duty' and in his own room he could go back to wearing his own clothes if he felt the need.  Sylvie on the other hand didn't seem in the least disturbed at wearing the uniform or come to that mixing in with these military people.

Galdesar indicates that two chairs have been reserved for Paul and Sylvie, one beside himself and the other beside Kell-ast-aj.  Sylvie takes the chair beside Galdesar.  She looks concerned as Paul walks to the other chair.  Sylvie can sense Paul's feeling of unease, telepathically she reassures him that everything will be alright and to treat these people as friends, they will warm to him, especially now he is one of them so to speak.

Paul smiles at  Kell-ast-aj, then at Sylvie.  

Galdesar taps the side of his glass with something, it lets out the classic ringing noise and a hush settles upon the room.  Galdesar announces, "Could we have a toast to our guests, to welcome them amongst us?"  There is a moments silence, as he waits for everyone to raise their glasses.  Then he resumes, "To our welcome guests Sylvie and Paul, without whom this mission would not be taking place and also to a successful rescue of our friends and colleagues out there in the depths of space or some as yet unexplored dimension."

There are cheers, clinking of glasses and then Sylvie speaks, "May I and Paul also toast you as our hosts and co-conspirators on this mission and woe betide whoever or whatever is holding our friends and colleagues."

The cheer is twice as loud and more enthusiastic.  Paul is most impressed at how Sylvie managed with so few words to bring them on side with her and Paul.  

Everyone sits down and the chatter resumes.  Paul decides to take Sylvie's advice and try to get along with these folks.  He asks Kell-ast-aj, "So how long have you been working with Galdesar?"

She smiles and replies, "For many years now, I joined him as a lowly FF1, he was at the time the FF2 of our unit and even then showed promise of great things.  He was impressed with my performance out in the field and recommended to our superiors that I be promoted, they agreed but I refused as I didn't want to leave his unit.  So they promoted the pair of us.  We have gone on from strength to strength ever since.  An unbreakable team as Galdesar puts it.  And you, how long have you been working with Sylvie?"

Paul tells her about their adventure several year back.  Kell-ast-aj listens with great interest.  Commenting that Paul and his brother had great courage to undertake such an adventure.  Paul goes on to explain that Ed is one of those trapped in that anomaly that they seek.

Kell-ast-aj takes Paul by surprise as she says that she admires their courage to put their lives on the line to rescue others like this.  This coming from a woman who's everyday life must consist of doing this sort of stuff time after time, day in day out?

There's a voice from the other side of Paul, the man says, "Sorry to interrupt, but I was also listening to you there, er, Paul isn't it?"

Paul nods. The man, although sitting down appeared to be quite tall, longish rugged face, dark hair and eyes to match, stern looking expression on his face, almost as if he were about to reprimand Paul for something.  He continues, "I have to agree with Kell-ast-aj you and your brother have much courage, its almost a shame that you didn't chose our career path instead of your own, but it seems as if you are making best use of your abilities and talents in serving the beings of the universe your own way and like Kell-ast-aj, I have to admire what you do.

Paul has gone from feeling quite small and insignificant to feeling quite proud of his and his brother's achievements.  He thinks he will get along well with these military types after all.

~~~~~~~~

Whilst no reply comes to his question, Ed is delighted when he becomes aware of some other thread of contribution entering the conversation, he does not know how he can tell the difference between the contributors or speakers, if that word can be used in the context of such a method of communication.  The latest speaker announces that they are unable to find a cause for the increasing state of awareness amongst the entities.  Ed is delighted to hear that others in these pods are waking up and fighting against whatever is keeping them in these things.  The next question is why are they being kept here.  Ed concentrates on the question, 'Why are you keeping me in this pod?'

After a short while the answer comes to Ed, 'for your survival and well being.' 

Ed decides to take another tack on this and thinks over and over again, 'Why are we not in our craft, what happened to them?'

There is a longer delay on the reply to this one as there seems to be much debate as to whether they should answer this one or not.  One of the speakers seems to be pushing the line that they may yet find an answer to restoring the state of unawareness.  Whilst the other two seem to be of the opinion that things have degraded to the point that even if they do, they cannot guarantee maintaining it.  In any case a longer term solution to this problem must be found.   Ed gets the overwhelming feeling that he is getting somewhere on this.  These, whatever they are, have a problem and it involves him and his fellow travellers.  He needs to find out just why they have this storage problem in the first place.  Perhaps the anomaly is a natural phenomenon that presents these folks with the problem that they have to take care of any travellers that fall foul of it and judging by the number of pods that Ed has seen, they seem to have a pretty big problem on their hands and what is more it is growing.

In an effort to seek the truth, Ed decides to ask the question, 'Do you have the problem of keeping us because of the thing that brought us here?  Is it naturally occurring?'  Ed finds it difficult to maintain an accurate repeat of such a long question and making sure it reads the same time after time, but he is pleasantly surprised that they appear to have understood his meaning.  They are in shock at this latest question, the vote seems to be two to one in favour of not answering this one.... truthfully.  

So they are proposing to lie?  Don't they know he can read their thoughts?  Probably better than they can read his?  Obviously not, as the debate continues.  Ed wonders what he can throw into the mix, to stir things up even further.  Then he comes up with an idea and thinks, 'If you are responsible for dragging our craft in here, our peoples, will find a way to come and get us and you will suffer for your crimes.'

This latest, causes a lot of debate as they try and assess what threat the travellers pose.  Having created the controversy Ed seeks a way out of the situation.  He decides in the end to ask the question, 'Can we help you to solve this problem and get our people back to their homes?'

This latest question causes as much exchange as the last, but the balance seems somewhat tipped this time around and is much more even in its sense of support in what Ed is proposing.  The problem of storage of all these visitors is so obviously taking its toll upon these beings, that they are desperate to find a solution.  Yet Ed gets the strong feeling that there seems to be some sort of ethic or belief that they could not bring themselves to kill off the travellers.  The latter is very encouraging to Ed, it puts a strong point in Ed's favour regards some sort of negotiated settlement of the problem.  Ed decides to pursue the line of trying to find out why their craft keep getting dragged into the anomaly.  He decides to ask the straight question, 'If you don't want us here, why do you drag our craft here?'

Again turmoil, as they debate how to handle this question.  Snuggled deep within the debate, Ed spots a singular statement that tells him all and it is, '...but we need the materials, we cannot stop this.'

He has the answer!

Maybe they are creating the anomaly, maybe it is natural, but in any case, what they gain out of it is securing the craft and the materials they are made of.  The people aboard are just a nuisance, but one that because of the beliefs or ethics of these beings, they have to preserve the lives of the people.  In one statement Ed knows the hub of the situation.

~~~~~~~


Chapter 30 - Listen To Me, To Us

Only a couple of hours to go now and they would be there, Galdesar has just told Sylvie that communications had been established with the Questor 9 and they were awaiting their arrival with anticipation.

Sylvie and Paul were just catching some lunch and Galdesar decides to join them.  He starts to discuss some possible approaches to the problem and typical for a military person, they all involve attacks of one form or another.  Sylvie listens for a while, then interrupts Galdesar, pointing out that before they go in all guns firing, they should take some time to find out more about their enemy, if there is one.  To check out whether there is any intelligence behind these events.

Galdesar smiles and says, "I still have to have a military plan in-case diplomacy fails."

"Granted, but best to start formulating that when we have a better idea of what we are facing." says Sylvie with a determined look on her face.

Galdesar smiles and says, "This is precisely why I knew having you along would be of enormous benefit to the mission, you have a cool head for this type of thing." 

Sylvie now smiles and replies, "So do you, but yours is geared towards a cool military solution and I have no problem with that, provided you go with a sound information basis and know what you are likely to be facing and have a peaceful backup plan to achieve a final resolution.  We work well together Galdesar, you are my protector and I am your information provider."

~~~~~~~~

Ed wonders just how he is going to use this new information to his advantage, just how is he going to negotiate with these beings.  His only bargaining chip is taking the problem off of their hands. But surely they aren't just going to give up all these people, even if it removes the problem.  There is still the problem that they want or need the materials that the craft are made of, not just to house the people that come in them, these beings clearly have another need for the materials, but for what purpose?

Here goes, thinks Ed and repeatedly he thinks of the question, 'Why do you need the materials from our craft?'

Again turmoil as the beings debate this.  The fact that they are debating Ed's questions is a good sign, there must be some of them who are almost on his side.  If only he can win them around to his way of thinking, they in turn may be able to find a solution that could suit the masses.  He wonders just how many of these beings there are, as to this point he had only detected about four. 

The debate rages on, but nothing useful that Ed can make out of it all.  Just what can he ask now that may break this deadlock?

Ed asks, 'Why do you need our materials?'

The debate seems to be on the basis of one in favour of telling Ed the reason but three against.  Just how can he swing more in favour of sharing this information?  The fact that one is in favour of telling, must mean that their need is not for sinister reasons, unless..... that being is not aware of the real reason as to why they need the materials.

~~~~~~~~

The Questors 7, 8 and 9 look really impressive with all their appendages, Paul and Sylvie had been watching them as their craft approaches.

Galdesar's Leader Board are sitting, the Captain has joined them and on the Questor 9 a similar group are also in session, the two groups can see each other on their screens.  Planning discussions are in progress they have been in session for the last half  hour.  Both Galdesar and his counterpart, Caxek Jeven-tarous, were for the first part of the meeting getting all fired up by suggestions of military action.  Then Sylvie, convinced that they were going to get nowhere like this, intervened and suggested that they need to get more intelligence, she suggested that they open up the anomaly and see if she can make any contact with whatever is the other side.  

The planning has now turned to details of what craft should be where, speeds, directions, cross over point and what they should do when the anomaly is opened, to avoid being dragged in.

The meeting complete, both groups disperse and the flight crews set about achieving the cross over and hopefully the opening of the anomaly.

~~~~~~~~  

Ed feels as if he is getting absolutely nowhere.  He had offered again, the help of his people to solve the problem as to what to do with all these people in the pods, but all that did was set up yet more debate.  What is it with these beings are they incapable of making decisions?

Suddenly Ed is aware of some other presence in his head, a familiar presence, as if someone had just spoken to him.  The voice, so familiar, but why, who is it and where is it coming from?  Are these beings playing with his mind?  Are they pretending to be someone that he will recognise?

There it is again, someone is asking if he is here.  If it were the beings, why would they ask that question?  Ed decides that if they are playing mind games with him, he can equally play mind games with them.  He replies, that he is here and that he is fine.

The reply is instantaneous, what is more Ed now recognises the voice, it is Sylvie.  My, my they are doing a good job, thy must have probed his mind well to find that memory.  Is this an act?  A new debate has broken out amongst the beings, they are wondering who the new being is.  Ed has to hand it to them, they are thorough.  The Sylvie's voice, asks if Ed's craft has been damaged and had they tried to escape from wherever they currently are?

Ed decides to play along and answers, "Don't know about the craft as I am not in it, being held in some sort of life support pod, I presume my fellow travellers are also alright, but I have no contact with them.  Where are you?"

The voice says, "Is it some sort of hospital?  We are the other side of the anomaly, managed to open it up, but don't know for how long.  Your brother Paul is with me.  Stick in there we will find a way to get you out.  Is there anything that you can tell me that will help with our planning?"

Ed is impressed at how clear these latest communications are, previously things had been quite hazy and more concepts rather than direct statements.  Ed wonders why things have changed.  Have these beings managed to tap into some area of Ed's brain that has enabled them to communicate much more clearly?  Ed remembers that he owes the beings a reply, or they will get suspicious.  What was the question now?  Oh yes a request.  

~~~~~~~~

Sylvie has told Galdesar what she had learned from Ed.

Galdesar is silent for a while then asks, "Are you alright?"

Sylvie wonders why he has asked the question, but answers, "Yes fine."

"You sure?  Something is worrying you, I can tell." Galdesar has a look of great concern on his face.  He had been sitting if both hands clasped together as Sylvie told him about Ed's situation, now both arms are sticking straight out in front of him, almost as if reaching towards Sylvie.  His hands are facing downwards the fingers touching the table.  Unlike Sylvie, she normally keeps herself pretty much to herself, but with Galdesar, she feels safe.  He emanates not only a sense of power and control, but also trust.   Sylvie replies, "Well there was something about the way that Ed was talking to me, I couldn't figure out quite what, but it was almost as if he didn't trust me and was holding something back.  As if he was under some sort of threat."

"Was it actually Ed you were communicating with?" asks Galdesar.

"Undoubtedly, I could tell instantly if it was someone or something else, there's something about telepathic communications, its better than fingerprints and voice prints.  Each persona is unique and you can tell one from another."

Galdesar taps the fingers of his left hand on the table, as if suffering from nerves.  Sylvie knows that it is one of his habits if he is thinking deeply about something.  He asks, "Do you think he is lying about anything he told you, is he under duress, being tortured or something like that?"

"No but your questions reminded me what I had an overwhelming sense of, mistrust.  I don't think he thought I was who I am.  Perhaps he thinks that I am one of the beings he speaks of, he probably thinks they are trying to trick him in some way."

Galdesar sits back in his chair, the finger tapping recommences and he is silent again.  Then he almost makes Sylvie jump as he says, "OK we are in the classic stand off, we have to do something that will shake these beings up into paying attention to us and also force them to make a decision.  We also need to convince Ed that he has got friends on the outside and we mean business, we will get him and the others out of there even if it is the last thing that we do."

"That sounds a bit final, what are you planning to do?" even her face has a questioning look upon it.

Galdesar smiles and replies, "Not tell you for starters.  You have a direct link into the enemy's camp."

"You are not going to do anything rash are you?" asks Sylvie, unable to read either Galdesar's face or his mind.

"History will tell if it is rash or not.  Now get off with you, update that Brother of Ed's and take a rest, I will need you and your skills later, so I want you on top form.  Don't worry, I will take care of things."

~~~~~~~~~~

The strong flash of light, then the awareness of an explosion, of loss of despair amongst the beings.   Unless they are really good at faking things up, this all feels real.  They don't have any time for Ed, they are concentrating on something else, something out there, outside.  They have lost one of their craft, their precious materials gone. 

Anger wells up in the beings, after all they have done to safeguard these people to protect their lives, then along come fellow travellers and the blow up one of the precious craft.  The debate rages now and there is such fear as they try and work out why it has happened.  Intermingled amongst the debate, Ed picks up on the fact that the anomaly is open and was attempting to suck in one of those craft out there.  Instead of which it sucked in this thing that caused the damage.

A sudden sense of even more panic, but what about now?

Ed struggles to comprehend what is going on.  Then suddenly like someone turning on a light in a place of complete darkness, Ed can see what is going on.  Another of those things is heading in through the anomaly and the beings are unable to close the anomaly.  They cannot understand it, they have always been able to control it in the past, to switch it on and off at will.  Now they appear to have no control at all.

Another powerful flash of light and the great sense of loss.

There is someone out there after all, could it be that the communications were genuinely from Sylvie?  At the mention her name, Ed is suddenly aware that she is calling him, asking if he is safe and sound.  The concern in her voice, unmistakable.  What is more a question, does Ed have his comms band on him?  Ed doesn't know the answer to that one, to the best of his knowledge he was totally naked.  He couldn't feel it, but then these things almost become a part of you.  You are so used to them being there you don't even notice the pressure against your clothes or skin.

Ed tells Sylvie, that he thinks he is totally naked and doesn't have anything.  There's a moment's feeling of embarrassment on the part of Sylvie.  Ed didn't quite mean to convey the image of his own naked body to Sylvie, it was a kind of involuntary reaction to the question.  He apologises for the embarrassment.  He focuses on updating Sylvie on the sense of panic that the explosions have caused this side of things.  The beings are now in total blind panic and are wondering what will be destroyed next.  They have great fear not only for the loss of the materials that they have gathered in the shape and form of the captured craft, but also enormous concern for the people they are holding in the pods, they do not want any of them to be harmed in any way.

Sylvie is encouraged by the latter statement.  She tells Ed to communicate clearly to the beings, that they must listen to Ed or there will be more of these events and they will lose even more of their precious materials.

Ed does as instructed.  The beings stop their debate and listen to Ed.  At the end of repeating his message for the third time, the beings start another line of discussion along the lines of 'who do these people think they are, coming here and threatening us, us.  Do they not know how powerful we are and that we could crush their little rebellion just like that.  There are numerous images of things being crushed and mutilated, passed to Ed.

After relaying the beings reactions to Sylvie, she replies, 'Well at least it has got their attention.  Presumably no-one was hurt?'  There is also a strong feeling of annoyance, mixed in with this, the annoyance not directed at Ed, nor the beings, but someone else, someone called.... Galdesar. 'He could have killed everyone.' comes over as well.

Ed says that whilst he has no physical way of checking, he's pretty sure everyone is safe, otherwise the beings would have held one of their discussions or debates about the matter and what to do about specifics, but apart from crushing whoever had sent these explosive devices in, there had been nothing to do with things this side.  Ed concludes by asking who Galdesar is.

Sylvie, whilst she does not speak, her thoughts convey a sense of someone who is powerful, not only in the sense of their ability to order things to be done, but also powerful in their very presence.  Ed had a tutor who was like that, everyone respected her, whilst not everyone liked her, they all took note of what she did or said and no-one wanted to cross swords with her.

There is silence for a while.  Either Sylvie is thinking or engaged in something and is blanking Ed out.  He patiently waits, whilst attentively follows the beings latest rants about the audacity of these travellers.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 31 - Tipping The Balance

Sylvie says to Ed, 'Tell them that they either take note of what we say or we will not only damage more of their precious materials, but we will come after them as well.'

Sylvie listens in as she hears Ed pass the message on, she could probably communicate direct with the beings now that she has heard Ed do it a few times now.  However, it is probably best coming from Ed as he is their man on the inside and has some form of credibility now with these beings.

The message delivered, Sylvie gets the overwhelming feeling that they still consider 'these travellers as arrogant and acting well beyond their means and status'.  Sylvie marvels at how arrogant these beings are behaving themselves.  Here they are powerless to stop the explosions and yet they consider themselves to be all powerful gods and far superior.

Sylvie passes Galdesar's message onto Ed to tell them to expect further damage as they have not taken note of the warnings.

Ed reports back that he can hear some sort of strange noise building up and that he warns Sylvie to get their craft a safe distance away from the entrance to the anomaly, as he gets the feeling that some form of retribution is being worked upon.

Sylvie is glad that she responded quickly to Ed's warning as there is some sort of quite broad ray emanating from the anomaly.  It misses their craft by only a matter of metres.  

Minutes later, reports come in that a space station quite a distance off has been holed by some mysterious beam.  Luckily no-one is hurt, but the damage is quite extensive.

Sylvie resists the temptation to inform Ed, the least feedback these beings get about their efforts to put the frighteners up the travellers, the better.  She does let Ed know that they are alright and he was right to warn them.

There is yet another explosion deep within the anomaly.

Sylvie asks Ed to tell the beings that this is going to turn into an outright war, unless everyone sees sense and puts a stop to this now.  She senses Ed conveying the message.  Then picks up the reaction, the balance has been tipped, it is now 50 / 50.  

Galdesar, when told of the beings reaction, asks, "Just how many craft have I got to blow up to convince this lot that we mean business?"

Sylvie replies, "Well hopefully no more, otherwise we won't have enough craft space to get our people out of there."

"When it comes to that, we have no idea if there are enough craft in there anyway."  Galdesar grins, as if he knows a secret that Sylvie doesn't.  

Galdesar is quite surprised when Sylvie replies, "Yes of course."

This left Galdesar feeling rather insecure, he does not know if Sylvie has reached the same conclusion as himself, and if she has, did she do it by deduction or simply reading his mind.  This has been the only time that Sylvie's abilities made Galdesar feel somewhat insecure.  

Sylvie smiles at Galdesar, then after a short silence,  when she feels he has squirmed enough and she has gained enough enjoyment out of the situation, she says, "Well they did say they needed the materials." She pauses then continues, "So they may have taken most of the craft apart by now."

Galdesar feeling slightly more comfortable, smiles, although he's still unsure by what means Sylvie came to that understanding.

Sylvie asks, "So what is your plan now?"

"Call a Leader Board Meeting and discuss a plan that I have.  You are both invited, same room as before, in fifteen, OK with you?" Galdesar waits long enough for the nods then departs.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

The Klashnayev, so dark it almost does not show up on the ripples, where it does, it is just a faint outline.  It sticks to the sides of the tunnel, darting up and down, avoiding the weapons fire that is trying to prevent its entry into the anomaly. 

Galdesar knew this would not be an easy ride.  He prided himself that he had engaged one the best pilots known to mankind, in fact any species type.  The Captain was certainly living up to his reputation.  Not great for the people aboard, as the craft swings up and down avoiding the weapons fire.  It would probably be better if the artificial gravity were not on and the passengers could float through the craft.  Although the gravity wave pulling them in also made things twice as difficult.  Although credit to the Captain he was at least ensuring those forces were uniformly pulling from the front of the craft.

Just as suddenly as the ride began, the gravity wave drops off and the craft emerges into what looks like a large junk yard of space craft, with its own back drop of stars and galaxies.  This must be a parallel universe or maybe some distant point in space, as the star patterns and galaxies look nothing like the area of space that they have just come from.

So these beings have not taken apart all of the captured craft.  There is hope yet of mounting a rescue, using some of their own craft.

The battle is not over yet though as the Klashnayev is still under fire and is wildly swinging about, darting between the dormant craft parked up here.

Galdesar hopes that in the Captain's enthusiasm to avoid being hit, he does not wreak havoc on the craft around them.  They would be useless to the rescue mission, if they were all plugged full of holes.

There is a sudden bright flash and the whole craft shakes, moments later.  The weapons crew have hit something.  There's an announcement over the tannoy system, to the effect that they should no longer be troubled by the alien's weapons as a direct hit has been scored.  There is a cheer throughout the craft.  Everyone glad that the violent swings of the Klashnayev should no longer be necessary.

The Klashnayev comes to a halt.

Sylvie makes contact with Ed to get an update on the beings and their reaction to the latest events.

Ed reports back that they are furious that Sylvie's craft has made it into their domain and also that their weapons system has been knocked out.  However, thus far they do not seem to be backing down on their attitude regards further discussion, if anything the latest events have swung the other two in favour of doing nasty things to the Klashnayev.  Ed adds that he has tried to get the beings to see that things can only get worse if they continue not to talk about the situation.  They seem to be blanking Ed and his pleas.  The only good thing about the situation is that the beings do not appear to want to carry out any form of retaliation in terms of the people they are holding in the pods.  Nor the people aboard the Klashnayev.

Sylvie suggests that maybe she could try and talk some sense into these beings.

Ed agrees that it could do no more harm than has been done already.  He adds that whilst he cannot see Sylvie, it is nice to know that she and Paul are even closer to him now.  Although he is rather worried that they will end up in pods like himself and the others around him.

Sylvie says that she has been wondering why that has not happened already.  She says that she will consult Galdesar about that aspect before contacting the beings, it may do them good to stew for a bit anyway.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Galdesar's explanation of shielding meant nothing to Sylvie, she just has to take it at face value that Galdesar knows what he's talking about and that it is as good an explanation as any.  Sylvie has repeatedly tried to engage with the beings, to get them to hold some sort of dialogue with her, but they just ignore her.  It is almost like having a radio transmitter that receives a broadcast but cannot transmit back on the same frequency.  The beings can either not hear Sylvie or they are deliberately ignoring her.

Galdesar is all in favour of yet more demonstration of the power of the Klashnayev, but Sylvie does not want to lose any more craft than absolutely necessary.  It is a classic stand off, neither side knowing what to do next, but neither wanting to budge from their standpoint.

Sylvie suggests that they could use their time productively and try and find Ed and the other captives.  As there is little else that they can do at this time the Captain is in favour of Sylvie's suggestion, as are some of Galdesar's Leader Board, but Galdesar and the largest part of the group are in favour of yet more demonstration of their capabilities.

Paul has until this point remained silent and merely been an observer of the events and discussions.  He takes everyone by surprise when he says, "May I speak on behalf of my brother and those other captives somewhere out there?"

There is silence for a while, then Galdesar says, "Well go on then, what do you want to say? You have the floor."

Paul rather nervously says, "My brother and the others trapped with him, need as much chance of getting out of here and if you carry on blowing up the craft, it reduces their chances of getting out alive.  I don't know if you have noticed, but we don't appear to have a lot of empty space on this craft?"

There's an embarrassing silence.

Galdesar, takes a deep breath and says, "I understand your fears, your concern for your brother and the others.  Believe it or not, I share your concern, but they are not going to get out of here unless we can break the the rebellious spirit of these beings that are holding them.  None of us are getting out of here, because I certainly am not leaving here until I know I can get your brother and his friends out of here."

Paul replies, "But with no craft, how are we going to get them out of here?"

Galdesar smiles as he says, "You are not seeing the bigger picture Paul.  It is my job and come to that Sylvie's also to do that."  

Paul angrily says, "But destroying all the craft how does that help, apart from satisfy your need to show off your military mite and power?"

Sylvie comes to Paul's aid, saying, "He's right Galdesar, destroying all the craft won't achieve anything, apart from getting these beings even more annoyed than they are.  We may even find ourselves trapped in here, having burnt all our bridges."

There's silence again, then Galdesar says, "The bigger picture Sylvie."  He pauses again, then continues, "We are in no hurry, we can always send for more craft, once we have sorted these beings out.  We have nothing to lose, they have everything that they have worked for to lose.  What is more we have to have a resolution to this mess that is not just for now, but will last."

Sylvie replies, "So you are just going to blast up all the craft until these beings give in?  Peeve them off until they are pushed into a corner and have to consider going against their beliefs and start killing the captives, to get you to listen to them and their demands.  That isn't going to achieve a long term solution."

"The bigger picture Sylvie.  As we are in no hurry and as I liked your earlier suggestion anyway, let's go and find where these beings are holding their captives.  In the meantime, I think your friend Ed can do us a favour and get the message out to these beings that we are not best pleased and unless they co-operate with us, they will lose more than their weapons systems.  I know what, tell them that we are choosing a prize craft to destroy next, just to demonstrate that we mean business.  Tell Ed nothing of our conversation just now.  Trust me I know what I am doing most of the time,  I just need a bit some guidance from time to time."

Sylvie says, "You don't make it easy, do you?"

"Now come on, when have I ever made it easy?  You knew this wasn't going to be a walk in Mall." Galdesar smiles, then tells the Captain to "Drive us around a bit and see if you can find something big enough to keep all the people from these craft in.  Whilst we're driving around, see if you can spot some prize looking craft that these beings will not want to miss out on."

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 32 - What Use Is A Crumbling Empire?

The screen shows a really impressive craft, it is enormous, looking more like several craft than just a single craft.

Galdesar comments, "That's a beauty.  I think they could miss that one."

The Captain tells Galdesar that this could be where the captives are being kept, as he has found nothing else whilst on his grand circular tour.

Galdesar says, "Shame I was just looking forward to putting a few choice holes in that beauty to warm these beings up to my way of thinking.  Got anything else for me as a likely target?"

The Captain shows pictures of two other quite impressive craft, with 'reasonable real estate' as he put it.  Galdesar is not quite as impressed with the two offerings but selects one and asks the Captain to "Motor on over to it if you please and we'll open the front door just to show our friends out there that we mean business."  Next Galdesar instructs his weapons people to hold fire until he tells them to light up the target.  Then he asks Sylvie if she can contact Ed and ask him to press the beings for some decisions as we are getting a little impatient with the wait.  He then tells Sylvie to stare at the picture of the suspected holding place of the captives and relay that to Ed as being their next target.

Sylvie smiles and says, "I like your thinking Galdesar, I bet you were a wicked chess player when you were young."

"Never played the game, I thought it was boring, I preferred the shoot em ups.  Plenty of action." Galdesar looks over at Paul and asks, "How about you?  Strategy or blast 'em to here and back again?"

Paul somewhat embarrassed still about his earlier outburst, wishes he hadn't been asked the question.

Galdesar not one to give in easily, asks, "Well which side do you lean towards?"

Paul feeling pushed into a corner, wonders if he should make a stand in support of what he was saying earlier or should he forget all that and say what he normally prefers.  There's still an embarrassing silence, then Paul says, "If its a game, then blast 'em up every time."

Galdesar still smiling says, "That's the spirit, tell it as it is.  Life is a game, just got to know how to play it and when to take risks and when you shouldn't.  That's why we have friends, to tell us when not to take risks.  Still friends?"

Paul seeing that Galdesar means well and he's offering an olive branch, Paul takes it and uncharacteristically for him says, "Hell yes, we're on the same side."  

Paul feels a friendly slap on the back and Sylvie says, "I told you'd like my friends.  With friends like these you don't have enemies." she laughs.

Galdesar also laughs and says, "No 'cause if they won't play ball, we blow 'em up!"

~~~~ Later ~~~~~

Ed senses even more panic than before as he relays Sylvie's message onto the beings.  The panic is not coming from Sylvie, but from the beings.  At first he can't see why, their attitude has suddenly changed, they have been quite adamant that they will not give in to the travellers.  Surely one more craft will make no difference, unless of course it is the last one that they have, that has not been taken apart.  No it isn't that, Ed senses something even more important and conflicting than that.  

Suddenly Ed sees why the panic, the image of the craft that Sylvie had projected to Ed and he then onto the beings, was none other than the very container that Ed and all the pods are housed.  What is more the beings are also here as well.  He gets a strong image of a apart of the craft that seems to mean more to the beings than any other.  No hold on there's another part of the craft also, something to do with life support.  But life support of whom or should that be what?  Of the people in the pods.  Ed focuses back onto the earlier part of the craft, that must be where the beings are, there is a lot of feeling associated with that area.

Ed relays what he thinks he has found to Sylvie.  He just hopes that the beings don't pick up on his thoughts.  He must think it then forget about it otherwise they will pick it up.

Sylvie tells Ed that he has done a very good job and that he must relay to them that the intention is to blow a hole in the side of the craft.  Ed questions why they would want to run the risk of blowing him and the others up.  Briefly there's a flash of an image of another craft, then Sylvie tells Ed that he must tell them that the craft that they are in is under threat and the travellers mean business.  Will they consider talking about a solution to their mutual problem.

Ed relays the message as directed.  He puts all thoughts of that briefly seen image of the other craft, out of his mind.  Their sense of panic has risen even further now, yet they still don't seem to be considering co-operation, yes it is thrown into the mix now and again but, there is more dwelling on defensive actions and thoughts.  This lot seem quite relentless, their actions pointless, can't they see that they are putting everyone's lives at risk?

Briefly there is a change in the debate taking place, they must have picked up on Ed's thoughts.  Then shock!

Ed can feel the vibration.  Sylvie and the others have done it, they have hit the place that Ed and the others are being held in.  He cannot believe that they would take that risk, just how many live have been lost.  There's a massive wave of shock now as others join in the conversation.  Their ways of talking of communicating, much wider and diverse than before.  It is as if a hundred people all decided to talk at once.  You hear and feel the massive upsurge of voices, you can also make out one or two recognisable phrases and even voices.  One, Ed was sure was Richard, the others he cannot name but he vaguely recognises them.  In all the turmoil, Ed tries to reach out to Richard, in the vain hope that Richard will hear and recognise Ed.  Ed repeats, "It's OK Sylvie is here."

The beings are confused and almost as one, ask "What this Sylvie is."  Whilst in the distance, again Ed hears, well more like feels Richard as he says, "That is good to hear, hope she is taking care of herself. If anyone can....." the voice, the feeling is drowned out by those other voices, the feeling of despair of tragedy of loss.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 33 - So Where Do We Go Now?

Galdesar with much disbelief at the way that Sylvie explains what she is picking up, says, "Anyone would have thought we had blown them all up.  Instead of some tin pot hulk just down the road.  Still its giving those critters something to think about.  How are they going to calm this lot down now.  They won't want to be saddled with this problem for much longer."  He looks at Sylvie's face and says, "OK I know not very sympathetic to the victims of this mess, but you gotta allow me some feeling of victory at this latest turn of events, who'd have thought the latest explosion would have woken up so many of their sleeping beauty captives?"

Sylvie suggests that they wait for things to settle down , before doing anything further.  The beings will have enough on their hands trying to cope with the state of panic, without being pressured further.

Much to Sylvie's surprise, Galdesar agrees that they have done enough and he even says, "Hopefully that will be an end to it all now.  They certainly are sitting up and listening now.  If they weren't listening to those outside of their vessel, they have to listen to the weight of voices and feeling inside."

Sylvie says she has to take a break as she has such a headache from all those voices.  Galdesar and Paul are quite concerned about her welfare.  Paul escorts Sylvie back to her cabin, fixes her a drink, settles her in, then goes back to the awaiting Galdesar.  Who despite his previous bravado, seems quite concerned about Sylvie.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

Ed says that things are calming down somewhat now, although there are still some people ranting and wanting to know why they have been put so much at risk by these beings.  The beings themselves have been so focussed on trying to settle things down and  restore some sort of normality, that they have not had time to lock themselves into previous cyclic debates.  Instead their concern is what can they do to get these travellers back to their own people now that they do not have the craft to transport them out of here.

Galdesar is quite smug when he hears this relayed back to him, he says, "Mission accomplished, we came hammering on the door and the beings finally have listened.  Now we just need to offer our help again."

Sylvie relays the positive sense of what Galdesar was saying.  Ed gets an overwhelming feeling now that the beings are willing to co-operate.  What is more he has picked up that the craft were only captured in the first place, as these beings are without physical presence as such and live in a dimension that lacks materials.  Having seen and experienced what Ed's dimension was like, because of an accidental opening of the anomaly, these beings envied what Ed and his peoples had.   But once they had pulled one of their craft through, the beings sensed the sentient people aboard and knew they would be unable to harm them, it was just not in their nature, so they built the pod storage area to take care of the travellers whilst the beings pursued their desire to have material things that possessed presence.  They still desire ownership of such materials, but they cannot bare what they have to do with the people in order to have the material things.

Sylvie asks the question, "So if your dimension does not have material things, what are the stars and galaxies that we can see around us, made of?"

The beings now a-tuned to listen to Sylvie, reply that those are just an illusion made by themselves, to replicate what they had seen the other side of the anomaly.

Sylvie asks how the beings could have possibly expected to satisfy their desire to all posses material things.  

The beings, ask just how many of themselves Sylvie thinks there are.

Sylvie replies, "Probably trillions of millions, if our dimension was anything to go by."

The beings do their equivalent of laugh.  Then explain that there are only a thousand if that.

Ed enters the conversation, suggesting that maybe there could be some sort of trade set up between the two dimensions, so that the beings desire for material things could still be satisfied.

The beings say that they have nothing in return to trade.  

Ed suggests that they probably have knowledge that his peoples would be only too happy to trade for.  Ed asks if there are others in their dimension.

The beings sadly inform Ed that there used to be, but they gradually diminished, leaving only themselves.  In fact it had become quite lonely and that was partly why looking after the travellers had at first been quite rewarding, as it gave the beings something purposeful to do.

Ed suddenly has a brainwave and he asks if the beings had ever crossed over themselves into Ed's dimension.  They ask him why this question.  He insists that they answer it.  To which they answer that they had never tried it.  Ed suggests that rather than his people's transport material things to their dimension, they may be able to come through the anomaly and live in Ed's dimension alongside Ed and his peoples and they could share their material existence.

The beings are quite enthusiastic at this suggestion and whilst also rather apprehensive, in-case it goes wrong and they perish, their enthusiasm has the upper hand so to speak.

It is decided that one of the beings would test out the theory about going through the anomaly, after the rescue of Ed's peoples had been completed.  The fall back plan, would be that some sort of exchange could be worked upon.

~~~~~~~~


Chapter 34 - Endings

The rescue of  the captives took several weeks to complete, Ed and his fellow crew members from the Jasteritan, had been successfully transferred to  the Klashnayev.  The conversion from breathing liquid back to air was pretty traumatic for all concerned, but it was successful in all but one member of the crew, young Toljev.  For some reason he just did not survive the transfer.  The military doctor thought that Toljev had some underlying health problems and she said that she was amazed that he had survived the conversion to breathing liquid in the first place.

Ed was delighted that Kevin had been found and even though he was taken onto another craft, he insisted on a transfer to Ed's craft.  His logic being that anyone as lucky as Ed was bound to make it back home safe and sound, so Kevin's money was with Ed.

Ed was even delighted to see that Jiash was safe and sound.  Although when they brought her pod on-board, Ed wondered why nearly every time they met up, she had to end up naked again.  Talking of which, it was also embarrassing when Fedioaux's pod was also brought aboard.  He was just glad that the pair of them were still unconscious and didn't see him.

Paul had made such a fuss when Ed came aboard the Klashnayev in his pod.  Paul was probably more distressed when Ed was converted from liquid to air breathing, than Ed was.

Apparently Richard was pretty distressed by it all and took it quite bad.  Probably more to do with the fact that Sylvie was there and had witnessed the whole thing.  For someone who when the boys first met her seemed to have nerves of steel and no emotions, she seemed to go to pieces.

Jiash had withdrawn all charges against Ed, saying that she was mistaken and too drunk to realise what a truly supportive friend and colleague Ed had been, she also apologised to Ed and said that she hoped it would not affect either of their careers or their future friendship.  She said that she had been envious of what Ed had with Jenny and also the confidence and self assured nature that he showed had all made her feel insecure. The fact that he had shown her friendship, she had misunderstood him and her feelings got carried away with her.  Ed said that whilst he did not understand it all, he was quite prepared to forgive and resort to being friends again.  After all any friend of Mickey and Kevin, was not going to be all bad.  They had laughed.

The beings ventured through the anomaly and sure enough found that they could exist and live in Ed's dimension.  They found themselves in a nice corner not far from where the anomaly last found itself.  What is more they managed to close the anomaly before leaving it.

Whilst the journey home to Regenis 4 only took two days, it seemed like a lifetime to the intrepid travellers.  There was a tumultuous reception when they arrived.  Richard said to the the Captain, "I don't think you'll be able to keep the existence of this craft secret much longer."

As they left the craft, the civilians glanced back through the port windows at the Klashnayev and were most surprised at the sight that met their eyes.  The Captain replied, "Mr Glaceons, I don't know what you think is wrong with my craft, why would anyone want to keep it a secret?"

Richard astounded, just manages to stutter out the question, "How... how on.... how on R4 did you do that?"

They stare at the almost regular looking craft standing on the landing dock, no longer sleek, black and mysterious.

The Captain smiles and says, "Now, that would be a secret!"  

Maria and Jenny can be heard above the other voices as they scream Ed and Paul's names.  Paul is quite surprised that Carina is not here to meet him, after all he had commed her several days ago to say when they would be back.  Perhaps she had an unavoidable lecture to attend, or could even be an exam.  Come to that even Dad isn't here.  Paul doesn't have any more time to ponder the what's and the why fors of it all, his mother is enveloping him in the biggest of hugs he's had in years.  Whilst Ed has disappeared, smothered in Jenny.

Whilst Maria insists that Richard and Sylvie come back to 'theirs', Richard and Sylvie insist they have other plans and promise to catch up in a few days.

~~~~ Later ~~~~

It is night, Maria, Ed and Jenny have all said they are tired and going to bed, they decant to their rooms, leaving Paul and Edward in the entertainments room.  Suddenly there are raised voices.  Edward's is one of the voices, he had seemed quite remote when they had met up at the spaceport transvec station, he had hardly said a word all the way home.

At first the voices coming from the entertainment room, were quite low and calm, then this.  A loud outburst followed by Edward's voice.  Edward can be heard to say, "Well it hasn't exactly been easy for me."  Then Edward's voice is considerably restrained again, he can just be heard to mumble through the walls.  

Maria and the others, just too tired to find out what is going on, leave Paul and Edward to sort it out.

After quieter dialogue, there's suddenly a loud outburst as the entertainments room door opens and Paul can be heard to say, "Well thanks for nothing, you could have told me a hell of a lot earlier, instead of which you'd rather ruin my life and everyone else's.  You selfish....."

The  door slams, in time with Paul's last utterance on the subject.  There's some slamming around in his room for a while, then footsteps down the hall, the front door opens and is slammed shut.

Ed opens his bedroom door just in time to catch his father walking towards the front door.  Ed asks, "What's up with Paul then Dad?"

Edward pauses a moment then says, "Oh just a difference of opinion, I'll sort it, don't worry, you get some sleep."

Ed reluctantly slips back into his room and Jenny asks, what is up.  Ed relays his father's words, but somehow, he knows that there's more to it than that.


<The End>


If you enjoyed this book, there are more by the same author, 
check out Smashwords.com or the author's own website SciFiStories.co.uk