
Return to Sender

by David J. Wighton

Book #34 in the Wilizy Series

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2021, David J. Wighton

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. 
Although this e-book might be sold at no cost to the reader at times, I retain ownership of the copyright and may elect to charge a small amount for its purchase at times. 
Thank you for respecting my copyright. 
Acknowledgements


Cover design by Rita Toews at E-Book Covers, East St. Paul, Manitoba.

Cover image by Gigipictures via Pixabay.


New Characters

Hell 
• Berith. 

Planet Voodoo
• Papa Legba.


Maureen and her Family
Maureen, Phyllis & Ray (parents) and Nana.
Les and Jill (family friends). 

Inquiry Participants
• Fylybstr (Hell's lawyer) and Fluffer-Doodle (Heaven's lawyer).
• Zale Zilio, Kyty Lytr, and Ho-Ho-Ho (tribunal members)


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10 
Chapter 11 
Chapter 12 
Chapter 13 
Chapter 14 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Chapter 17 
Chapter 18 
Chapter 19 
Chapter 20 
Chapter 21 
Chapter 22 
Chapter 23 
Chapter 24 
Chapter 25 
Chapter 26 
Chapter 27 
Chapter 28 
Chapter 29 
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Books in the Wilizy Series
About the Author: David J. Wighton
Chapter 1

"How do you know Leviathan is dead?" Satan asked.
"I have a feeling that he is," Berith replied. 
That approach won't work. Try again.
"How do you know Leviathan is dead?" Satan asked.
"He's been gone from Hell for several weeks now. That's unusual for him." 
"How would you know that?" 
"We've been chumming around." 
"Really? Doing what?"
"Trying to collect diamonds from the ocean floor."
"Diamonds? You'll be depositing them in the Bank of Hell for safekeeping then. I'll let you keep a few."
That approach won't work either. Try again.
 # # # # # # # # 
"The North Korean military machine has been destroyed," Lillian said.
"How do you know that?" Guinny asked. "I didn't think we had angels in the country."
"We don't. Our people in South Korea heard about it."
"How was it destroyed?"
"We don't know yet."
"That's not what your face says."
That approach won't work. Try again.
...
"A dragon destroyed the North Korean military machine," Lillian reported. 
"Dragons don't exist any longer."
"Some of our people did a fly over. The dragon is still hanging around. It looks benevolent. This is good news for the North Koreans."
"How did a non-existent dragon get into the country?"
"Well, that's a long story."
That approach won't work either. Try again.
 # # # # # # # # 
Berith's dilemma was quite straightforward. He wanted to grab all the diamonds on the ocean floor so that he could create his new religion based on the pursuit of money. The diamonds would fund the construction of his first temple. But, if Satan learned about the diamonds, he would take them all. 
Or, if Satan learned that Berith wanted to make himself into the God of Money, he might fry Berith instantaneously for being a god living in Hell. For reasons my readers will probably understand, Satan wouldn't be too keen on gods in Hell. Or, he might take that idea for himself. Satan was already planning to copy Crumpet World's tormentt making machine and create other amusement parks in Hell. Why wouldn't he just steal Berith's idea, install it on Earth, and rake in the dough? He might even find himself on TV. 
However, the word Satan carried with it a number of evil connotations. [Duh!] But if Satan called himself the God of Money, that would remove all that stigma. Mortals would embrace the God of Money even more than they did now, because it was a god. All gods were good. That's just a fact. 
So after much deliberation, Berith had to conclude that he couldn't say anything to anybody in Hell about diamonds being free for the picking or about the God of Money religion he was planning to start. He'd have to gain access to the diamonds in a devilish way. Luckily, Berith was a devil. An Inner Pentagram devil to boot. The key to the solution was obvious. He had to capture a mermaid and keep it under lock and key. Figuring out how to coerce it into picking up the diamonds could come later.
 Capturing a mermaid would be justice, something that was not mentioned very frequently in Hell because the word and the concept were banned. It was usable in this situation because it was clear that Leviathan was dead. The mermaids were the obvious villains here. They had already attacked him twice. Clearly, they killed him on their third attempt. There had to be a way to use that murder somehow. As he searched for a plan, Berith couldn't help but smile at how Leviathan had been killed by his food. There had to be a sanctimonious moral there somewhere. 
# # # # # # # # 
Lillian's musings on how to tell Guinny about a certain dragon were not devilish, but she was anxious. It's not that she had lied to Guinny when she had resumed her afterlife in Heaven, Lillian just hadn't briefed her fully. There were reasons for that. Entirely defensible reasons. Lillian had embarked on a long-term plan and assets were in place. A good strategist can't add or remove assets without jeopardizing the plan. But, now it was time to tell her. 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 2 

Let's set a different scene now. It's Thursday, Feb. 2, 2096. The Wilizy were back at home after a successful Cuban operation. Japanese technicians were installing the new power grid and training Cubans as they did this. Nothing would be done on the chicken/egg deliveries for a while yet. The Cuban government had to decide how to make use of the gift. At that point, the Wilizy youngsters would swing into action. Meanwhile, Stu and Momaka had returned the long range Cuban copter they had used to travel to North Korea and were in a fishing boat that was on its way to Florida where they had stashed their pretend copter. They'd be in Montana later today. 
In Heaven, Winnie was asking the scientists to advise her on how they planned to collect and remove the plastic from Earth's oceans. Cassie had received an enthusiastic welcome home from Jacob that was moving into extra innings. 
On Earth, Maddy was travelling with the Wildcats to their next game and rooming with Piper. Both were sharing the batgirl duties. The mermaids were continuing to build their nests. Merly was creating more plastirondiamium. Murray was researching how to convert diamonds to Earth currencies. No answers, so far. 
And, Lillian was meeting with her mother as you continue to read.
# # # # # # # # 
"The dragon was living inside the body of one of the Wilizy women, who had been badly abused as a young woman. That's about all we know."
"What woman?"
"Momaka, the Japanese lady. She's the one with the gardening background."
"How did it get inside her body?"
"We don't know. It first appeared when she was a child prostitute. The dragon released her from bondage in Japan by destroying everybody and everything associated with what they called Pleasure Palaces."
 "Now it has suddenly appeared in North Korea."
"Yes. We believe Momaka was there at the time."
"The dragon felt the need to protect her?"
"We presume so."
"Where does Momaka's physical body go when the dragon appears?"
"We don't know. The Wilizy have had other operations where the dragon appeared, but it was under control."
"What's the scientific origin for this dragon? What science is behind its appearance and disappearance? What science is behind where Momaka's body goes when it disappears?"
"I don't know." 
"What did our scientists say?"
"I didn't ask them. 
"Why not?"
"I knew that they wouldn't find any science. Besides, Momaka and the dragon were going to be good for the Wilizy."
"How did you know that?"
"My boards."
"If the dragon was not scientifically based, what was its basis for existence?" 
"Magic."
...
"You brought magic into Heaven with that dragon? You know my thoughts about magic."
"I didn't bring it into Heaven. The dragon remained on Earth where magic already existed. The Zulu gods, for example, have a princess operating openly in KwaZulu." 
"Zulu gods are benign. Merlin was a warlock. He killed your father."
"I know, Mom."
"Don't mom me! Magic almost destroyed Heaven. We managed to exile it to Hell only to have it kill Arthur. His death wiped out the magicians in Hell. And now you have allowed Magic to resurface? What were you thinking?"
"That dragon is not black magic."
"How do you know that? Momaka would have been only a vessel. Who's the wizard behind it?"
"Papa Legba."
"He's one of the most powerful gods in Planet Voodoo!"
"I know."
"That was Merlin's planet! They have a worse reputation in the Cosmos than Hell! Did he cast a spell on you that made you lose your mind?"
"No. He made me an offer that I couldn't refuse. Why don't we take a break so that you can calm down?"
[Nice try, Lillian.]
"Where'd you put the horse's head?"
"There was no head. Papa Legba offered to help us with our Wilizy initiative. I knew at the time that you would find it difficult to accept that somebody from Planet Voodoo could help us, but you should try and keep an open mind."
....
"Mom?"
"I'm supposed to trust a wizard from Voodoo?"
"But you knew that Merlin couldn't be trusted. You were able to read him. Read Papa Legba and see for yourself."
"Fine. I'll read this wizard. What mortal body is Papa Legba hiding inside?"
 "He presents himself as Stu McKenzie, Momaka's husband. Do you want to know the background?"
"I've heard of him from Granny. He's the Wilizy's lawyer."
"We had been watching Granny on and off for decades because of her ESP abilities. When her daughter, Yolanda, paired up with a warrior named Hank, we increased our presence with personal guardian angels. They had a big family, and the ESP remained strong in their children. Color reading; truth reading, and healing were obvious. Then, genius Will met strategist Izzy and I found a way for them to meet Yolanda's family. When a single family defeated the Alberta dictator, I knew we had something special going for us. It was around that time that a lawyer named Stu McKenzie walked into the Children's Hospital in Toronto and insisted on meeting me. He may have put a spell or two on the hospital staff to get to me."
"That sounds about right."
"I met him in the secure room in that hospital and this is what he said: I know you're from Heaven. I'm from the planet Voodoo and I will make up for what Merlin did to your family. I can embed myself in the family that you're watching closely. I can make sure that nothing legally will go wrong in their lives and I can bring other gifted mortals into the family that will make them even stronger."
"And what did you give him in return?"
"I promised that nobody from Heaven would communicate with Planet Voodoo about his presence on Earth. I got the impression that he did not leave the planet on good terms. I checked other sources. That's when I learned that Papa Legba had been very high in the planet's hierarchy. They would not have liked him disappearing."
"That's it? That's all he wanted?"
"That's all he wanted at that time. He joined the Wilizy in 2082 and has done everything that he said he would. [Narrator: #3, Assassin Day] I didn't brief you earlier because I knew the reaction that you'd have. The longer I waited, the more evidence I was able to gather that this man is not a threat to us or to Earth. Here's his list of contributions." Lillian passed a small binder across Guinny's desk. 
....
"Why did he break cover in North Korea?"
"I don't know. After that initial meeting, we never met or communicated again."
"The Wilizy have no suspicions about him?"
"None. But he has a son that is coming of age. If the Wilizy see him with Voodoo skills, that will blow his cover with them."
"Justice on Earth is all he seeks?"
"Probably not."
"Where is he now?"
"Sitting under a shady tree in the middle of Montana's prairie land. I think he's waiting for you."
"Give me the coordinates."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 3

"This isn't a real tree," Guinny observed as she approached Stu's resting place. "Are you showing off?"
"Like you weren't showing off with your eagle landing in front of me and changing into a mortal? I didn't know when you'd appear. It gets hot in Montana. Is that one of yours?" Stu pointed to the skies where a second eagle was spiraling.
"Yes. He won't interfere and he's too far away to hear us. Military angels can be quite persistent about their guard duties. I find that it's less stressful to let them do their job. Do you mind if I sit under the tree with you?"
The tree grew in response.
"I saw you with Granny. Heaven has nothing to fear from me."
"I'll be the judge of that. Lillian gave me some information on you. I'll verify that information now."
"No truth ray?"
"I am a truth ray. Was it your idea to influence Governor Stookenhap to create an alliance of the western states?"
"Yes. He and Sheila will do great things for that part of the world."
"Why? This was not directly related to the Wilizy. I thought that was your focus."
"It is. That doesn't mean I can't help mankind. I had already brought Sheila and Stook together. They are a powerful team. It made sense for them to become more influential. Heaven can't do that because guardian angels are there to prevent; magic can create solutions. I created a solution."
"Does your creating solutions mean creating babies?"
"You're referring to Marie having a baby when she was barren. She's a Voodoo princess. We collaborated."
"Is what you call it?"
"Marie would be a big influence on the Wilizy, especially with Winnie. She'll have a long lasting influence through Nary."
"And Petey. He's not a magic creation?"
"Momaka was unable to bear children because of her childhood trauma. In that sense, he's magical, but he carries my genes."
"Tell me about the trial hat you conducted for Paula's husband."
"I used magic to give Paula the strength and determination to testify against her husband."
"Dr. Richardson claimed he was framed."
"The evidence was sufficient to convict him. I simply relocated it. I am not constrained by having to prove guilt when I can see it. You have the same powers if you wanted to use them."
"KwaZulu?"
"I helped draw up their new constitution. It was straight legal work. No magic was involved on my part."
"You helped change the future of an entire country. Why would somebody from Planet Voodoo do that?"
"Let me rephrase your question. If a wizard from Planet Voodoo helped an entire country, what does that tell you about his magic?"
 "You have another reason for helping to build the Wilizy into a powerhouse, don't you?"
"Whatever gave you that idea?"
 # # # # # # # # 
"Whatever gave you that idea?" Maureen asked Maddy as she joined her in the dugout between innings. Maureen had just struck out the side in the Wildcats' half of the first inning. They were playing the University of Kansas Jayhawks in their open air stadium. It was 9 am and the heat was still moderate. 
"What idea are you talking about?" Maddy asked.
"Those papers on your knees. You're charting the pitches that the catcher is calling, aren't you?"
"I don't know what charting is. I'm trying to find #24's best pitches and her weakest pitches. So, I'm recording all of her pitches. Fastballs, curves, etc. I thought if we knew what the opposing pitcher was best at, and worst at, we'd have easier games. We struggled yesterday."
"Yesterday was our first game of the season. We settled down."
"Other than the starter, their pitchers were terrible."
"This one looks good. Tell me how your form works."
"The pitcher's number is at top. Then, I have headings for innings 1 to 9. Within each inning, I have places where I identify the pitches that each of our batters faced. I'm using abbreviations. I have to watch the play now."
...
"Did you see anything useful on #24?"
"It's too early for that, I think. I need way more at bats."
"Do you know anything about statistics?"
"No."
"What you're doing is called charting. After the game, the charter uses statistics to learn from the chart. You'll be able to calculate percentages as in 72% of her pitches were fast balls, 1% were change ups."
"I know about percentages. I have to watch now."
....
"Some coaches use the game films to try and chart the pitchers."
"You showed us some those films. They're shot from too far away to see properly. I get a good look at the pitches from this end of the dugout."
"Are you planning to do this tomorrow?"
"It's only useful if I see all of their best pitchers, but I don't know if it will work or not. Piper will be the bat girl for tomorrow's game."
"Did you not want to be a bat girl?"
"I gotta watch now."
...
"I liked being bat girl last year. It made me feel part of the team. Piper likes doing it. I don't mind if she does all of it. I thought I could help the team more by scouting. I gotta watch."
...
"Are you going to pitch the whole game?"
"I'm scheduled for six innings only. Coach is still looking at our pitchers. He doesn't know who all the starters will be yet. I'll be catching a lot so that I'll have more at bats. He wants me as a closer, but only if we have three good starters." 
"Elyse gets two big worry creases in her face when she has to throw a slider." 
"Yeah, the coaches are on that. How'd you know?"
"I catch her a lot in practices."
"Did you say anything to her?"
"Not my place. Here we go again."
...
"Coach is going to talk to you about charting all of our games. They're short a coach, so they can't do it. If you want to chart, you should ask your teacher for help in learning statistics. Coach says that there are more things to look at than just kinds of pitches. He'll let you figure that out on your own."
 "Was that a two-hitter for you?"
"Yeah. Kansas Jayhawks are new to the league this year. They'll struggle, but they'll be better than Arizona State."
"Remember that governor who was so mean to you? I know something you might be interested in."
 # # # # # # # # 
"I know something you might be interested in."
"I'm busy, Berith. Come back later."
"The red nine goes on the black ten."
"Just because you have Inner Pentagram status, doesn't mean you can walk into the Black House any time you feel like it."
 "Actually it does. Is this what you do with your time? Play solitaire?"
"Says the runt devil who could disintegrate in a strong gust of wind."
"Heaven is bringing immigrants to Earth. This could be dangerous for Hell."
"What kind of immigrant?"
"Mermaids."
"Fishes with human boobs?"
"Yup."
"How do you know this?'"
"Leviathan saw them when he was out swimming. He asked me for help building a mermaid pen. I gave him enough sonic stassis chargers to create a pen, which he used. Anything with ears would not be able to break through the wall. Leviathan's body does not have ears. He killed one in the pen and took her out for ripening. Apparently, mermaids are tasty."
"So, no problem then. Are they all eaten now?"
"No. Some angels helped them to escape and they took the dead one with them."
"You know this for sure?"
"Who else could have done it?"
"Angels have ears."
"They must have had technology to detect and turn off the stassis chargers remotely. This means that our traditional stassis chargers are now obsolete. I can hear the end-of-the-worlders now. Heaven will be attacking us tomorrow at noon." 
"We don't rely on stassis chargers for defense. We use them in the field."
"Still, the conspiracy theorists will whip devils up into a frenzy. They'll be coming after you for not being strong on Heaven. They'll complain that your selection to the Satan position was a massive fraud. Some of them will start asking for a different Satan. They may even try to get one of their own in the position."
"Lucifus elected me properly. It was all legal."
"But here in Hell, we don't know that, do we? We'll have to act quickly and secretly to ensure your selection stands."
"We?" 
"I know something else that you might be interested in."
"Something with proof, I hope."
"Leviathan was swimming when he was attacked by a lot of mermaids."
"How do you know that?"
"He told me. I warned him to leave them alone. But he was insistent on going after them. He had to have his snacks. You know how he was. Everything important was all about his stomach. He wouldn't listen to me. He's been gone for weeks. I'm sure he's dead."
"No mermaid could kill him. Not even a band of them acting together. He's invulnerable in the water."
"That's what I thought to. And then I realized why Heaven brought the mermaids to Earth."
"And that reason is..."
"I'd like some of my evil back. I can't help you fight off what Heaven is going to do to us while I'm in this body."
"You need to convince me that you're not just spouting off an impossible conspiracy theory."
"You know how the agreement between Heaven and Hell prohibits either of us from obtaining and using advanced weaponry."
"Yes."
"Does that treaty extend to fish?"
"OMS!" 
[Narrator: Mortals might exclaim OMG as in Oh My God. That's not allowed in Hell. The correct expression is Oh My Satan, or OMS. Ignore the fact that Satan likes to invoke himself. Think of it as one of cute little quirks.]
"Here's what I think happened. Heaven gave the mermaids advanced technology and they used that technology to kill an invulnerable sea serpent. We now have no devil or demon presence in Earth's oceans. We are at the mermaids' mercy if they use the oceans to attack us. What if they invaded Hell through the PUS lines? We'd have no defense against their advanced weaponry. We need to act now before it's too late."
"What do you need?"
"A lawyer."
"If you need a lawyer, take one off a flagpole. We have four or five of them hanging off every flagpole."
"I need a good one."
"All we have are evil ones."
"I mean. I need an effective one. I want to take our concerns to the Cops of the Cosmos. They won't know that Heaven is importing immigrants. If I can find the right lawyer, I can stop that. No immigration means no mermaids."
"Would you like a regular crooked lawyer, or a crooked politician lawyer, or an extreme conspiracy lawyer?"
"An extreme conspiracy lawyer, I think. He'll have no scruples."
"Good choice."
"Secrecy is paramount. Nobody but you can know what I'm doing. And I need a credible body if I'm going to manage the lawyer."
"I'll double your height and weight."
[That's a good start] 
 # # # # # # # # 
"That's a good start, Maddy. You know what an average is and how to calculate it." 
"That was simple."
"Descriptive statistics are used to describe something about a body of data. They are indeed quite simple. The next thing to learn now is how to describe the information that you've gained. Bar charts and line charts are an easy way to do that. When you look at the chart, you'll immediately know something about the group that you're studying. You are making a chart of your opponent's pitchers, but you'd like to present that information so that anybody on your team can look at it and immediately recognize what you've found. For that, you need a chart. I've left you some exercises for you to complete. We'll talk about this tomorrow."
 # # # # # # # # 
"We'll talk about this tomorrow."
"We can talk about it every day for a year, but that won't change our answer, Winnie."
"Scientists are supposed to have answers, Newt."
"Some problems don't have an easy solution. Theoretically, we might find a way to push or prod all the plastic in the oceans into mass hairballs. Then theoretically, we could attach the hairballs to a fleet of disposable rocket ships, of which we don't have any. Theoretically, we could steer those rocket ships into the sun where the plastic will melt. Theoretically, that won't affect the sun, but we have no way of testing that. What if the sun spews it back out in a giant molten flare that lands back on Earth? Solar flares can be deadly. Do you want to risk that?"
"That's your answer?"
"That's our answer. We can't get rid of it safely."
"You have no magic solution that will dissolve plastic and turn it into water?"
"Heaven doesn't deal with magic. We work with science. There is no scientific way that we know of to change plastic into water/oxygen without also creating poisons that they themselves would have to be removed. All we can do with plastic safely is melt it. We can't get rid of it."
"You have no magic wand? How about a witch's hat?"
"Don't even think about that or Queen Guinevere will give you the job of piloting the plastic into the sun. She won't tolerate any mention of magic."
"We need advanced technology for this." 
"Be careful. Using advanced technology is banned by the Heaven/Hell treaty."
"How about we build a giant vacuum cleaner to orbit Earth and suck up the plastic. It won't be banned if we keep it in outer space. 
"I'm sure some conspiracy theorist has already warned the world about giant vacuum cleaners that are orbiting the planet as we speak."
"There's gotta be a solution, Newt."
"How about enlisting giant bubble gum extraterrestrials to stick the plastic to themselves and take it back to their home planet where they convert the plastic to food."
"Works for me, Newt. You can be the one to tell Guinny." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 4

Fast-forward a week. It's Saturday morning and the Wildcats are finishing up their pre-game breakfast at the Kansas State University's student union cafeteria. Maureen had told Maddy that the coaches wanted to see the charts that she was using, so Maddy was waiting for everybody to finish eating. She had nibbled her way through half a piece of toast, so the wait seemed long. 
Maureen stood up at the players' table, clapped her hands twice to get attention, and then spoke to them in her role as team captain. "Alright team, you know the routine. Take a little walk around campus to help settle the food. Relax. Lie down. Don't talk about the game. Be in the locker room by 10:45. Game starts at 11:30. Maddy, hang on a bit."
...
"You're never nervous before a game. Why are you nervous now?"
"I know I can hit a ball. I don't know if the coaches will like this or not. I spent all my class time this week learning how to make data on a chart speak to me. That's what my teacher said it had to do. Yesterday, she pretended to be a pitcher with a strength and a weakness and I charted her. I figured out what coach meant by having more data that I could collect. I've built it into the chart."
"What data are you collecting now?"
"What pitch the catcher calls for and when she calls it. I had figured out my teacher's patterns by the end of the third inning but didn't say anything in case she was trying to fool me."
"They're ready for us. The chart is in that fancy briefcase?"
"I borrowed it from my sister. She has lots of briefcases."
"You'll be sitting across from the coaches, so turn your chart around so they can all see the printing." 
...
"Tell us about this chart, Wiltz."
"It's a record of a pretend game that I had with my teacher. The pitcher's number and team are at the top of the page. I have columns of small boxes on the front and on the back so that there's enough space for me to chart a full nine innings, if I need to. I did a full nine inning pretend game, so you can see that it will all fit in."
Maddy lifted the page, showed the coaches the back, and put it back on the table. "Here's where I write down the inning number and here's batter #1. I didn't know if I should put in our players' names or numbers. It might be useful if they want to review their at bats. You'll see that I colored this box red, because the pitcher threw a fastball. I have a different color for each kind of pitch. My teacher said that I needed to put in a legend that tells the reader what each color means, but my page is very crowded. I figured that the legend could go on a separate page. It doesn't take time to learn the colors."
 "You had colored pens?"
"Yes. My teacher gave them to me. At the end of the game, you'll see that there are a lot of red boxes. With the colors, they're easy to count. The total number of reds on the two sides of the paper is seventy-two. For a nine inning game, that means she threw an average of eight fastballs per inning. That's called a stat. You could also calculate an average for each player too, but I didn't think that was too important."
"Orange is the least?"
"Yes. Orange is a change up. If a player knew that the pitcher hardly ever combined a fast ball with a change up, that would allow her to swing away if there's no rotation on the ball."
"Good to know." 
"My sister Winnie always said that I should also look for things that aren't there. So I did. There's no purple on this chart."
"Purple is what?"
"Knuckle ball. That means that the pitcher doesn't know how to throw one. Here's something interesting. We know what pitches she can throw. Now, look for when she throws them."
...
 "Third pitch is almost always a fastball."
"Plus, she never throws three fastballs in a row. After a second fast ball, you can expect junk."
"She doesn't throw two pinks in a row either. What's pink?"
"Palm ball."
"How do you see this working for us, Wiltz?" Coach asked.
"When we get into the playoffs, I will have a chart on most of the good pitchers we'll be facing. I'll know within six at bats if she's learned something new or can do something better since we saw her last. You could use the info on the chart as part of your pre-game talk." 
"You would rather do charting than share bat girl duties?"
"Yes, Coach."
"That'll mean interpreting the data after the game. It will be time consuming."
"I know, Coach."
"Hang on." 
 The Batting Coach tapped the shoulder of the Head Coach and whispered something in his ear.
"What's your top speed on your fastball, Wiltz?"
"I'm good at 72. I can throw it faster but I lose accuracy."
"How old are you now?"
"I'll be 16 in June."
"How's your left arm?"
"My fastball sucks. I can't get the speed up. Junk is good because I'm not pushing it."
"It's probably a matter of arm strength. Sammy, give her arm strength tests for both arms. Wiltz, we want to give you more work on the left arm. We have no lefties on the team, and none of the coaches can pitch left with any accuracy. That'll make our team vulnerable to a strong leftie. You'll pitch batting practice with your left hand from now on. Every girl has to take six pitches from you. Coach will stand behind you and tell you what to pitch. Let him know immediately if you're straining when you near the end of the practice. We want to build your strength up slowly."
"Thank you, Coach."
"Thank YOU, Wiltz."
 # # # # # # # # 
"Do you have anything magical planned for Valentine's Day, Big Guy?"
"Valentines' Day?"
"Don't even try to pretend you've forgotten."
"It's hard to forget when you leave notes on my pillow like 5 days to Valentine's Day."
"It's so easy to lose track of days in Heaven. I know you've been busy. You look beat."
"It's been a strange day. Guinny gutted the command structure of the military with no warning this morning. Three new retirees are off to Angelion tomorrow. I received some nasty glares."
"You're in charge of all of the military forces now?"
"They said that I'm an Admiral now. Joe-Joe has the ultimate say if I need his help."
"Three different command structures didn't make sense for a small military force. Those three retirees should have seen it coming."
"They should have cooperated instead of balking at everything I tried to do. Joe-Joe was watching. He gave them enough time to cooperate. I didn't complain to him."
"What comes now?"
"I have to make three promotions to three senior officer positions. I've been working with these guys a lot; I know who I want. How's the search for solutions to Earth's plastic?"
"Horrible. Newt says that the scientists have no solutions for me."
"He'd know. Do you have any ideas yet?"
"My idea box is empty. I'm hoping for inspiration to strike during our Valentines' Day love fest. What are we doing?"
"I have reservations in Rome. Top tier restaurant. Only the finest of clothes are allowed in. Jewelry and a snooty attitude are encouraged."
"It's like Angelion all over again. I'll dig out my pearls. They're in my memory somewhere. And after the restaurant? Do we dance the Angelion National Dance?"
"The restaurant does has a dance floor if you're up to it."
"I know how to sway. Don't you dare kiss me when we're swaying. It'll throw off my concentration. What happens after the dancing?"
"A gondola ride through the canals of Paris. Do you understand French?"
"I know how to say Kiss me, Big Guy."
"You don't understand French, but you can speak it?"
"I speak French body language."
"Then it's off to a romantic hide-away. Only one thing could ruin it."
"The moon is going to explode?"
"Worse. Cassie came to me yesterday. She hinted that she'd like Jacob to see how loving couples have romantic evenings."
"How did she hint? Could we pretend to not understand?"
"She said, and I quote. Can Jacob and I celebrate Valentines' Day with you and Winnie?"
"Pretty clear hint."
"She explained why she wanted to come with us. Jacob has never seen a couple in love before. He doesn't know how to act."
"Does he know how to act in a fancy restaurant?"
"She'll be helping him. She said that it would be helpful if our dinner conversation touched on what Jacob has been doing recently. He'll have something to say. What do you think, Winnie? It'll be for the restaurant only. They're on their own afterwards."
"Having dinner companions would be a good idea. Your romantic poems have been missing the mark." 
 "You didn't like this one? Ruth rode on a motorbike, directly back of me, I hit a bump at sixty-five and rode on ruthlessly."
"It was lacking a certain, je ne sais quoi."
"I thought you didn't speak French. What do I tell them?"
 "Tell them, Si, mi amore."
"That's Italian."
"We're going to Rome, aren't we? I'm equally non-fluent in Italian."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 5 

It was the morning after Valentine's Day. Galahad and Winnie were having breakfast in a 15th century castle overlooking the Adriatic Sea. They weren't in the castle's dining room where clothes were compulsory. 
"Well?" Galahad asked. "Did I fool you?" 
"I didn't buy the fake mustache. I knew you weren't an Italian count wanting to whisk me off to your castle. I pretended to fall for it because I wanted to see the castle. You spoke Italian well, though. Where'd you pick up the language?"
"It's part of the translation chip in your body. Not only can you understand other languages, but you can speak them too."
"How come I didn't know that?"
"How come you didn't read the body owner's manual?"
"Too many words. If I had known I could speak French, I would have scooted away with the waiter. I'm sure he was trying to pick me up."
"He was asking if you wanted your dessert to be flaming."
"You can burn ice cream?"
"You can with a glaze of alcohol on top of it. I asked him for a something without alcohol. He used sugar cubes soaked in lemon and lit them up."
"That was the long conversation you had?"
"Yeah. What were you and Cassie talking about while I was with Jacob?"
"She told me that Jacob wanted her to do all of the maintenance for the fleet. She had been doing all of the investigation work behind the panels anyway, but Jacob did the repairs. Now he wants her to do the actual repairs. If she ever has any doubts, she can always call him. Why was Jacob encouraging her to take on the job?"
"He wants more time to collaborate with William. Apparently William had a breakthrough in his research on controlling light rays."
"He didn't tell her anything about that. Do you know?"
"Yes. I have to keep it a secret for now."
"Cassie is anxious about their relationship. She's looking for signals that Jacob thinks of her as something other than a fleet maintenance worker."
"Actually, she's the Fleet Maintenance Chief." 
"Titles mean nothing to Cassie. She wants something more than sex. She doesn't think that Jacob can give her that." 
"You know his Angelion life story. Their men are not built for that."
"She was giving it one last try with the Valentine's dinner. You were very romantic, by the way."
"Not because of Cassie. I'm not much into matchmaking."
"I wasn't really matchmaking."
"Sure you were. You were trying to help her. It's what you do. I'm more inclined to let nature take its course."
"Like us?"
"Yes."
"You haven't learned about the drugs that I used on you yet?"
"I have a strong immune system. They didn't work."
"I loved the dancing after dinner. It's a good thing that the restaurant had a sign posted prohibiting sex on the dance floor."
"I didn't see that sign."
"You had your eyes closed. I peeked."
"I'm glad that you have no sense of rhythm. It means we have to sway. You are a hot sway'er."
"I try to use my powers only for good. I can never find the beat when I try to dance. Lillian and Joe-Joe gave me a tambourine to accompany them in a concert they were giving once to catch a devil. After a while, I just pretended to hit it. I couldn't even play the tambourine."
"When was that?"
"An operation way back when. I was helping by not messing up their concert."
"Did you get the devil?"
"Yeah, he was the Duke of Earl. Did you know that Lillian and Joe-Joe were on Columbus' trip to the new world?"
"I didn't know that. Care to share?"
"Not right now. I feel like doing something other than talking." 
 # # # # # # # # 
"How's your chocolate business?"
"It's really Shields' business. I can tell you the kinks in the robots handling the trees have been solved. She's doubled the dimensions that we have under growth. Now the sizes of our chocolate harvests are putting pressure on the manufacturing process. All of this is robotic, so she can't raise the efficiency. She needs more plants to process the chocolate and that means more robotics. All of this comes down to needing more money. She is probably half way to the Cluster of Heracles in a fully loaded freighter right now. Murray said that the Greeks like their sweets." 
"Shields is going to sell chocolates to the Greeks?"
"That's what I gather. Why?"
 "She freezes up when she's with strangers. She's quite shy when she's not beating the stuffing out of a victim."
"I didn't know that. Does she know it?"
"She'd look on her shyness as a challenge to overcome. She'd be better at selling weaponry than chocolates. Who's crewing for her?"
"Murray. He can introduce her to some dignitaries on the planets. He met them as part of being Poseidon's body guard."
"Is Murray the only one going with her?" Galahad asked.
"Yes. She said that the freighters can fly themselves." 
"So you're telling me that Shields and Murray spent Valentines' Day alone in an automated freighter that takes days to get to Heracles?"
"I'm kind of hoping for her. I know that they've kissed."
"I know Murray fairly well now. He can be very charming, but he's not what I'd call a candidate for monogamy. I hope he doesn't hurt her."
"I had the impression that she was the hunter and he was the prey."
...
"If Shields can make some sales, will that bring in some healthy revenue?" Galahad with the question.
"It could. She has warehouses stuffed full of chocolate. Why?"
"Jacob wants Heaven to have a spaceship manufacturing plant so that if something fails on a ship, he will be able to make a replacement here rather than relying on Angelion for supplies. Plus, he's still hopeful of making a remote controlled weapon that blocks enemy rocket exhaust. Plus, William is far enough advanced in his research on light that Jacob could explore some practical applications. William has his own research lab on Earth; Jacobs wants a manufacturing plant in Heaven. I've been asking Guinny for financial support. He's a remarkable engineer."
"I know what a scientist does; what does an engineer do?"
"Scientists are heavy on the theoretical; engineers construct useful things out of science. Jacob can make just about anything if he has the right tools and materials." 
"Could Jacob make something useful out of the ocean's plastic? If not, can he make it disappear safely?"
"You'll have to ask him."
"Newt says that Heaven's scientists can't make plastic disappear."
"Engineers might have a different perspective."
 # # # # # # # # 
Later that day, back in Heaven. Winnie was working in the boardroom of her castle when Cassie knocked and opened the door. We'll skip the part of the conversation where Cassie thanked Winnie for sharing part of her Valentine's Day, and the part where Cassie talked about what she and Jacob had done after the dancing. Here's the part that you should know about.
"Jacob gave me a gift as we were preparing to return."
"A Valentines' Day gift. Way to go, Jacob! What did he say when he gave it to you?"
"He said, Here."
"One word? That was it? Was it gift wrapped?"
"It was in his hand."
"May I see it?"
...
"Is that a black pearl?"
"No. I don't know how to wear jewelry. I've never had any before."
"This thing on the top of the gem is an eyelet. You can put a jewelry chain through the eyelet and then hang it from your neck. The chain will have a fastener. Or, you can wrap it around your wrist. Some women wear jewelry around their ankles. I don't think that would work for this. Are you sure it's not a black pearl? It has the same round shape and it's pitch black."
"I'm sure."
"Did he say what it was?"
"He said that it was top secret and I shouldn't wear it on Earth. He's not even sure I should wear it in Heaven. He said he made it himself. That little bit of information took me five minutes to pull out of him."
"He made the gem?"
"Yes."
"May I hold it?"
"I guess."
"It's very light."
"You have no idea how light it is."
"We could find a way to weigh it, I suppose."
"He gave me this tube of lotion so that I could see it properly. You take a small drop and then rub the lotion on the gem. It's not actually lotion, but he wouldn't say what it was. He could only give me the atomic composition. He did say it wasn't dangerous. Do you want to see it?"
"Do you mind me using the lotion? There's not very much of it."
"He said he could make more. Put the gem in your left palm. Give me your right forefinger. I'm going to give you a drop. Now rub the drop on the gem."
"The gem has come to life?"
"It sure looks that way, but nothing is living inside."
"A bright light is moving around inside. Is it bouncing off the interior of the gem?"
"Yes. Jacob said that the lotion drop would change the chemical composition of the black exterior so that I can see inside. It will wear off in an hour or so and then, I won't be able to see inside. The light will still be bouncing. I won't be able to see it or feel it."
"What is it?"
"You know that William has been working with light rays. He and Jacob are trying to harness the power of light. William has been able to break a light ray from the sun into component parts. He calls this a light bead. Millions of them make up a light ray."
"He made you jewelry that is a tiny piece of the sun's light. OMG!"
"That's what he said it was."
"You're going to wear a piece of light? Isn't that dangerous?"
"No. Jacob made the hard shell. There's a coating inside that blocks radiation." 
"This is amazing. We're in the middle of sunlight and the bead is brighter. It's sparkling."
"You should see it in the dark. He said that I was the only one in the world that had one. Perhaps even in the Cosmos."
"Did he say anything about his feelings for you?"
"I think he did that with the gift."
"He certainly did."
"Winnie?"
"What? What's wrong, Cassie?"
"How do I thank him properly? What kind of gift could I give him that would be anything like this?" 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 6

In the week that followed, Winnie approached Jacob and asked if he could find a solution to the problem of how to remove Earth's plastic permanently. She gave him the background including what Isaac Newton had told her. He said that he'd take a look at it. 
Cassie was becoming increasingly stressed. In part, this was because she hardly saw Jacob any more. She wondered if he had become angry with her because she hadn't given him a gift. She was also worrying about what possible gift she might offer in return. Winnie had come up dry on the solution trail too. They had had numerous meetings in the boardroom about this very issue. What do you give a guy that had just created a piece of jewelry that was unique in the Cosmos? Cassie felt so guilty about it that she stopped wearing the necklace. Feeling it against her skin was more of a curse than a gift. At least that's the way she described it to Winnie when she was able to stop blubbering. 
Meghan had reported to Winnie and Lillian that her contacts in Hell had picked up numerous wastebasket indications that Satan would be developing some theme recreational parks soon. These would be strategically located outside of every major city, which meant that they'd be easier to get to than Crumpetland. While Satan's parks couldn't compete with the cuteness of the Crumpets, he was planning to develop much more exciting rides. The first was due to open in September. There were rumors that Satan had been seen inside the old deserted Rat*Mart store. Perhaps shopping malls would be added to the theme parks too? 
 # # # # # # # # 
It's now the last week of March, and Cassie was in the castle's boardroom again. By now, she was bringing her own Kleenex box. 
"He's not even returning my calls," she wailed. 
"He might be too busy to check them."
"Why are you taking his side?"
"I'm not, Cassie. I'm just saying that there could be a very good reason why he hasn't spent any time with you lately."
"Can you find out? He'll return your calls."
"What am I supposed to ask him?"
"Ask him if he's dumping me."
"I don't think you have to worry about that."
"Ask him if he wants his gift back. I won't mind. I can't stand to look at it any more."
"I'm sure he's just busy. He hasn't responded yet to my question about removing plastic."
"Winnie, I need a hug. Can you give me a hug?"
"Sure, I can."
...
"There, there. Try to breath."
It was at the height of Cassie's attempts to drag even a bit of oxygen into her collapsing lungs that Galahad heard the sound of somebody dying and opened the boardroom door. Winnie had her back to the door and so never knew that he had seen poor Cassie melting down. Clearly, she'd have to bring more Kleenex the next time. The frown on his face revealed that Galahad was not impressed with what he saw.
 # # # # # # # # 
Here's some news on the baseball front for you sports enthusiasts. The University of Arizona's Wildcats went undefeated in their Zone playoffs. The National Championships would begin on Friday, March 9 in Nashville Tennessee and would last for three days. The University of Hawaii and the University of Arizona were the top two seeds. Eight teams were coming to the tournament.
 # # # # # # # # 
"You sold how many freighters of chocolate?" Shield had already given Winnie the number. Winnie wanted to be sure. 
"We have contracts with four Greek Planets: Demeter, Hermes, Hestia, and Hades. Under the contract, we will send each of them one full freighter every six months. We can stagger the deliveries so that we only have to use one of our freighters to service the Cluster. We can tie the deliveries together with our shipments to Poseidon. They know that the price will go up when we add customers from outside the Cluster."
"You must have had quite the sales pitch."
"I didn't talk at all. That's why I took Murray. He can be very charming."
"How many planets did you go to in all?"
"Just those four. Murray said that they'd be the planets that would be most anxious about Poseidon's chocolate diplomacy."
"What's chocolate diplomacy?"
"Remember that Poseidon is a power hungry god. He wants to take over the leadership of the Cluster and was planning to use the offer of mermaid marriages to influence some of the planets. You took that away. Now, Poseidon will take our shipments of chocolate to him and re-sell them to the other planets, at an exorbitant price. Greeks, in general, love sweets and their people will crave our chocolate. Poseidon will use the chocolate to get more favorable trade treaties with them. Murray believes these four planets have the leadership to fight back if they can import their own chocolate."
"Chocolate as a weapon. Who would have thought? Did they take much convincing?"
"Not much. Murray simply shared some of the conversations that he overheard as a bodyguard. That's the second reason I took him. He just had to convince them that buying our chocolate would be a way to fight back without Poseidon figuring it out."
"Sneaky."
"I learned it from you."
"Pricing?"
"They'll pay a bit more for their chocolate, but not a meaningful amount."
"What can we buy from them?"
"We don't want any of their olive oil. Instead, they'll give us trading credits with the Cosmos. We can use those credits to buy goods from another planet who has what we want but doesn't want our chocolate."
"I didn't know that we could do that."
 "I didn't either. The guy at Demeter explained how it works. We'll need a Cosmos trading account. Queen Guinevere can set that up."
"I'll tell her." 
"I've saved the best news for last."
"You have something better than this?"
"I had Murray ask if they would recommend our chocolate to other planets. For a discount, of course. Each of them agreed to do that."
"Do we have the capacity?"
"For now. We'll need to expand our growing dimensions within a year. I'll use the time to make the seeding, harvesting, and manufacturing fool proof. Isaac and his guys have done a great job." 
"Will you and Murray be making more sales calls together?"
"Yes. He's very charming, as I said."
"Then, he's a good companion to travel with." 
"Let me say this so that you don't have to ask more directly. I kissed him once when we were on the Leviathan operation. It was like kissing a fish, which I should have expected. I had to fight the urge to scrub my lips afterwards. I spent the time in the ship trying to get a handle on all of the planets in the Cosmos. By the way, we saw a Lucifus space ship orbiting Poseidon. I don't know if that's important or not." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 7

There's not a huge amount for me to tell you about the Nationals. Our interest is, of course, on Maddy and she was only with the team in the their final game. Their first game was against the University of Hawaii. Since they had already seen that team over the Christmas holidays, Maddy scouted the two teams they might play in the second round instead. The Wildcats beat Hawaii handily and went on to the second round. Maureen caught for seven innings and sat for the last two. 
Their second game was against the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. This was a closer game with the Wildcats up by three at the end of the sixth inning. At that point, the Charlotte 49'ers brought in their ace and the Wildcats countered with Maureen, their ace. Maureen had been catching to that point.
This entry of both important pitchers in the seventh inning was not a coincidence. The Tournament Rules Committee had decided that the National Championships should not be decided by one overpowering pitcher. Instead, they designed the rules so that a team would need at least three solid pitchers. Maximum innings pitched for the three day tournament for any pitcher was fifteen. Maximum innings pitched over two days was twelve. Coach didn't use Maureen at all in the first game so that she'd be relatively fresh. He brought her in with three innings to go in the second game. As did the opposing coach with his star. 
Back to the game. Wildcats were up by three but they were facing the best pitcher the other team had. Maddy had noticed that their ace used a palm ball at least twice an inning. Before that palm ball, she rubbed her hand against her shirt to wipe off any sweat. A palm ball is an easily hit ball when you're ready for it and the Wildcats broke the game open with timely hits with girls on base. Maureen used the suddenly stress free game to polish up all of her pitches in preparation for the championship game. 
 # # # # # # # #
For the final game, the Wildcats were facing the Vanderbilt Commodores; the name honored the university's founding father. Cornelius Vanderbilt was the wealthiest man in the US in the 1870s. He made his wealth from shipping, hence the team name Commodore. As a matter of interest, the presence of the Commodores in the final game could have been predicted. Similarly, the success of the Charlotte 49'ers was also predictable. Both cities had pro teams playing in their stadiums: the Charlotte Queens and the Nashville Oprees. As you have learned, women's baseball programs attract more top talent when the university players can continue to play after their graduation. 
Maddy had scouted the Commodore's semi final game. They had two strong pitchers and both had appeared in that game as well as in the first game. Lefty was able to pitch six more innings; Righty could pitch four. Maureen could go for nine innings as mentioned. The Wildcat's usual starter could go for six in case Maureen ran into difficulty. These counts were announced before the game. The Wildcat coaching staff believed the Commodores would assume that the Wildcats would have difficulty against their lefty ace since the Wildcats did not have any lefties on the pitching staff. The Commodore coaches had probably minimized Leftie's innings for that reason. 
For the championships, Maddy had expanded her data collection to include one further measurement. What pitch, when, and WHERE. With the additional measure, Maddy had found two possibly useful Lefty tendencies. Usually, when Lefty put a curve ball low and outside, she followed it up with a fastball high and inside. This is a smart strategy. It's not particularly smart when you always do it. 
Lefty's second tendency was to throw two brush back pitches in a row if it were necessary to back a hitter away from the plate. Most pitchers would use one brush back followed by a teaser low and outside. Lefty anticipated that the batter would be waiting for that teaser and would be swinging hard. The second brush back would usually end in a pop up. If you knew the second brush back was coming, you could drive it hard into left field. On the whole, Maddy had concluded that Lefty was an OK pitcher, but without an overpowering fast ball or a sharp breaking curve ball. She was an ace because she was a lefty.
Righty had one weakness. She relied on being able to hit the outside corner for strikes. If you crowded the plate, that outside pitch was hittable into right field. Maddy noticed that Righty didn't have a brush back, perhaps because she didn't want to hit the batter. Over all, she was an ace, but she could only pitch four innings in the final game.
 # # # # # # # #
Maureen started the game with three up-and-down innings. Fastballs mostly. The batters had two strikes on them before they knew it. The third strike could be a third fastball in a row, or a curve ticking the outside corner. She struck out the first nine batters with a pitch count of thirty-eight. 
Lefty was in trouble from the git go. Perhaps it was overconfidence that the Wildcats wouldn't know how to react to a leftie, or perhaps it was the Wildcats coach's strategy of trying to make her pitch seven balls to each batter. She gave up five hits and one run off a triple to left field (Maddy's 2nd brush back tip) followed by a deep fly ball. Her pitch count was sixty. 
In the middle innings, Maureen began to show them her knuckle ball and drop ball. Given all of the fastballs she had pitched, the batters were swinging early. Again, nobody reached base. 
For Lefty, the 4th inning was reassuring. She gave up a home run, but managed to get through the bottom of the order. Score was now 2 - 0.
At the start of the fifth inning, Leftie's pitch count was already over seventy-five and she was facing the top of the Wildcat's batting order. These Wildcats had already seen Leftie twice and she was visibly tiring. Three singles in a row loaded up the bases for Maureen. Maureen saw a curve ball low and outside and was anticipating the fastball high and inside. The entire team was waiting for her at home plate when she trotted in. It wasn't her first grand slam ever but it was her most important grand slam. The coach asked the ump for a game ball and gave it to Maureen as she entered the dug out. Maureen found Maddy, hugged her, and handed her the ball. "This belongs to you," she said. 
With the score 6-0, and his best lefty drooping on the mound, the Commodore coach brought in his third best pitcher. The rightie had a limited warm-up, but managed to get through the fifth inning with only one more run scored. Score now was 7-0 
The last four innings were anti-climatic. Rightie gave up two runs, one of them being from Maureen who crowded the plate and hit a low outside pitch down the right base line for a solo homerun. The fifth Wildcat in the batting order did the same thing. 
Maureen gave up two doubles in a row off two curve balls in the 8th inning for a run. Score was now 9-1.
Coach approached Maureen before the 9th inning. "The game is out of reach. How's your arm?"
"Good. I've been saving up some fast balls."
"I noticed. The ball is yours. Finish your university career strong."
And that's what Maureen did. Three up, three down. Nine fastball strikes in a row.
Naturally, the tournament MVP was Maureen. She hit safely in all but four at bats and she gave up only two hits over twelve pitched innings. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 8 

Winnie's optimism that Jacob would have a solution for the ocean plastic was dashed as soon as he opened his mouth. Jacob wasn't much for small talk. "Theoretically, I could turn the plastic into any number of products that might be useful in Heaven. But, 2nd hand plastic can't take any weight because it has no tensile strength."
"What's tensile strength?" Winnie was learning a lot about engineering whether she wanted to or not.
"Tensile strength is a measurement of the force required to pressure something such as a structural beam to the point where it breaks. If you keep adding weight to such a beam, the point at when it breaks is its tensile strength. Plastic beams would break if a human walked on one." 
"You couldn't trust plastic-based products that were used in a structure?"
"You couldn't trust plastic forks that you were using to eat. They'd shatter into sharp pointy pieces. What if you swallowed one of those pieces?"
 "Could we transform plastic into something safe?"
"Only if you never used it."
"In which case, why transform it?"
"Exactly. And, you can't get rid of it safely. If you fired it out into the solar system, it would interfere with interplanetary navigation. I tried to think of weaponizing it. For example, you could fire it at an enemy star ship."
"How would you do that?"
"Plastic melts. That's the only thing that recycled plastic does well. When it melts, it becomes hard. I melted a lot of plastic into a round, dense object like this." Jacob rolled the object across the boardroom table.
Winnie picked it up and squeezed it. "It feels hard."
"It is hard when somebody squeezes it with a hand. Squeeze it with a vise and it shatters. I was thinking that we could fire these balls into the sun. Apart from not knowing what that would do to the sun and our safety, the balls are too light to generate any momentum. Over the centuries, they would gradually fall into the sun, but they'd be hazardous for navigation until then."
"You made it black."
"Yes, I had some black paint."
"It reminds me of the jewelry you gave Cassie."
....
"You know about that?"
"Yes, she showed me. I can't think of any Valentines' gift that would be more romantic to receive."
"I told her that it was top secret."
"I'm hardly going to blab about it."
"You just did."
"This castle is a secure site."
"If Cassie broke a confidence about one thing, she'll break a confidence about other things too. What else has she told you about us."
"Well, nothing really."
"You don't lie very well. I can't trust her any more. How could I? She can't keep a secret."
"Jacob... "
 # # # # # # # #
A few minutes later, Cassie barged into Winnie's boardroom.
"Jacob just dumped me with a mind message. He doesn't want to have anything to do with me any more. He won't answer my calls. I didn't do anything. Winnie, what am I supposed to do now?"
[This is the spot where Winnie described what she had done. You already know this.] 
"Nobody else will want to hang out with a useless ghost. You ruined my afterlife!"
"Cassie..."
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, I've just lost my Fleet Maintenance Chief. She said that she doesn't want to work for Heaven any more and has resigned effective this minute. She won't tell me why. She said I should ask you. Then, she disappeared and I mean she has disappeared ghost-wise. It's impossible to find a ghost that doesn't want to be found.
That's not all. My genius-level engineer has taken one of the freighters and is en route to somewhere. He's not answering calls and the freighter just went into warp. You were the last person to see him. What did you do?
Galahad, I... wait... Lillian wants to see me. As in NOW! I gotta go.
You and I will have a talk when you get back.
 # # # # # # # #
"You said that I wasn't ready to see your boards."
"You're not. I'll show you a small subset. Boards, show Winnie's nexus one week ago."
"I see lots of lights."
"The boards read the future. You have an influence on many people's future and that's why there are so many lights. The lights closest to you are people in your nexus who will be impacted by events that will occur soon; the lights further back predict a later time period for other people in your nexus. The lights that are barely visible are even further back time-wise."
"What's the time frame?"
"The lights closest to you are one day away. The lights midway back are two to seven days away. The lights at the back could be a month away, perhaps longer. What colors do you see?"
"Green."
"Green is good. Boards, advance one day."
"The lights actually come towards you. Its feels like you can reach out and touch them."
"I can touch all of the lights. When I do, I learn the identity of the person represented by that light. Boards, advance one day at a time slowly." 
...
"Whoa. What just happened?"
"What makes you think something happened?"
"The lights turned all red. Some are flashing. What's red mean?"
"Failure of plan. Direct negative impact on the person with that light."
"Flashing?"
"Possible death. The boards can flash other colors than red. Those will signify some impact but not serious and not necessarily guaranteed. Red means guaranteed bad unless immediate action is taken."
"This is today, isn't it?"
"Yes, it is. This light here is Cassie. It's flashing. She's going to die."
"She's already dead."
"No, she's a living spirit. She'll be dead when she goes through the sorting station. She's on the way there now. She wants all of her memories to disappear. This light is Jacob. In the previous days, Jacob's light was almost touching Cassie's light and that is significant. His light is flashing too. In this case, he won't die; he going to die as far as his afterlife in Heaven is concerned. He's on his way to Angelion now."
Lillian wasn't finished.
"See those flashing red lights all clumped together? Those are the mermaids. They will die too because of you."
"Why?"
"You will be facing a challenge soon It will require you to conceive of an operation and implement it. Those lights were green before, meaning that you were likely to be successful. You will not be successful now."
...
"Do you see this flashing mermaid light?"
"Yes."
"See this non-flashing red light close to it?"
"Yes."
"The flashing red light is Murray. The red light that is not flashing is Shields. Without Murray, Shields will fail in her operations."
"The trading?"
"Yes. Shields has no skills in selling. She's an organizer. She needs Murray. You know that too. In fact, you are fully aware of all of the strengths and their weaknesses of your team. What you did today will impact all of them."
"I'm going to be sick."
"Boards, disappear. I'll be outside when you're done. The room has a clean up function. You're not the first person to be sick in this room."
 # # # # # # # #
"So, you broke a confidence," Lillian summarized Winnie's description of what she had been doing with Cassie including the Valentine Day's dinner.
"I was trying to praise him. The jewelry was fantastic."
"Is Jacob one of your operatives?"
"No."
"Then why are you interfering with Galahad's personnel?"
"He knew that I was approaching Jacob for help with the plastic." 
"Would he have given you permission if you had said that you were going help Jacob with his relationships?"
"No. I think Galahad is very mad at me."
"He is. He has lost two personnel who provided vital services. He can't replace them."
"He's never been mad at me before."
"Do you expect him to thank you for what you did?"
"I'm going to be sick again."
 # # # # # # # #
"OK, I understand the military's need for officers in charge to not get emotionally close to their people. I might have to send somebody on a very dangerous mission. I should make that decision without consideration of whether I'm close to them or not. Being a friend could influence my decision. Does this mean I can't have any friends?"
"You are running military operations. Your friends have to come from the officer ranks. Angels can die or be injured based on your decisions. You can't have them thinking that you have favorites. They'll think that you're giving your friends the plum jobs. Like it or not, you're military."
"But Cassie was really hurting. I'm her commanding officer. I saw that her ability to function was limited. Shouldn't I have helped her?"
"There's a fine line. Yes, you can help and you should help. What you should have done is advise her to talk to Jacob. She shouldn't be talking to you about personal matters, especially her sex life. Involving yourself in her sex life was what was way out of line. It was way out of line for her too. You should have advised her to seek help from a colleague. Paula would have been the ideal choice. Karita also would have been good."
"They would have been better than I could have been."
"If you had been helpful, but distant, she never would have shown you the jewelry. You made yourself into her girl friend. That relationship influenced Cassie to break Jacob's admonition that the jewelry was top secret. Cassie was wrong in doing that, but you opened that door. Jacob has every right to be upset. Because he's Jacob, he is reacting very strongly. He has never had a friend before. You cannot be that friend." 
"I have been worried that I wasn't mother material. I was trying to be caring. I wanted to prove to myself that I could be that way. Did you know that I don't like to hug people?"
"From my perspective, that is one of your more endearing qualities. Officers can't go around hugging their staff. Before, you were never even tempted to do that. That's why this desire to meddle in other angels' afterlives never came up before. If and when you're a mother, you will find the necessary empathy. Arthur grew up with lots of hugs, but we gave them to him in private." 
"I saw Bean sitting on the ground wiping blood off Beansprout's knee and consoling her. She was an assassin. Still could be. The mermaids are going to die?"
"Yes. That prediction is based on how you approached your job half an hour ago, and the boards are assuming that you can't fix what you broke." 
"I gotta go."
"Let's not have this discussion again."

Back to the Table of Contents
 Chapter 9

"Welcome to the line-up to the Afterlife Sorting Station," a metallic voice said. "If you are not sure how you got here, that's because you are dead. Don't be disturbed if you have no memory of that. Few souls do."
Cassie hadn't been at the sorting station before but she knew about it. She figured there was a risk that her murderous behavior as a soul might work against her. But, perhaps the sorting station didn't have any record of that. If it did, Cassie had been working for Heaven and that should be worth something. 
 She saw that she was on a conveyor belt – the kind that used to be found in ancient airports. People would stand on it and the conveyor belt could transport them from one end of the airport to the other end. This particular conveyor belt was black and immobile. She heard a cranking noise and the conveyor belt crept ahead and then stopped. Another message began.
...
"Welcome to the Afterlife Sorting Station's main terminal. We appreciate your patience. Our staff is working as quickly as possible to process your entrance to the afterlife. It is here, in this building, where your life on Earth will be judged. All assessments of mortal lives will be conducted in an impartial and objective manner. The basis of assessment that we use is the HEE, which is short for the Heavenly Entrance Exam. If you reach the minimum score necessary to pass that assessment, you will be welcomed in Heaven. Other candidates will go to Hell."
...
The line in the main terminal building snaked forward a little more. Soon it would go around one pylon and snake forward in the opposite direction. Then another pylon would put the line into a different direction. Thick braided ropes connected the pylons to deter souls from changing lines. Hovering over the line were security personnel in white feathers and wings. A security person hovered over Cassie and spoke. 
"Are you Cassie Jaitmatang?"
"Yes."
"Were you born on February 19, 2037?"
"Yes."
"Don't be afraid. I'm going to lift you with my talons and take you to a short cut. My talons won't hurt you."
Cassie had a great view as she soared over a plywood counter that stretched the entire length of the terminal building. Angels were positioned at a counter every five feet. The angel took her to an office behind the counters. She could still hear the constant noise from the hall, but was more aware of the screams of the souls who were being pitchforked to Hell. The angel disappeared. Cassie sat down at the table. Nervous now. Perhaps this wasn't a good idea. Do I really want to know what my HEE score is? I enjoyed suffocating all those men. Will that count against me? Will going to Hell on Winnie's operations count for anything? 
 "Winnie?"
"I got here as quickly as I could. I was having a chat with Lillian. She told me what you were doing. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry."
"Sorry for what?"
"I blabbed to Jacob about your jewelry. I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have done a lot of things when you were having difficulties. All of this is my fault. Would you please come back to Heaven and be on my team again? I promise I won't interfere in your personal life again."
"Interfere?"
"I know that you are unhappy about your relationship with Jacob. You want things to change. The best way for you to do that is to talk to him directly. Just the two of you. Not me."
"He broke up with me. He won't speak with me."
"That's because I messed up. I'm going to un-mess it. It was all my fault. I'll tell him that."
"Where is he?"
"Let me get back to you on that. If you go through that door, you'll be in Heaven again. You can teleport wherever you want to go. Or, you can go back to the sorting station. Your HEE score is high enough for them to admit you into Heaven, but you won't keep any memories of your life on Earth or your time as an undercover ghost. You can sit here for a while and make up your mind. I can't give you any advice on that." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Attention Heaven.5. Jacob, please come out of warp."
"Winnie?"
"Yes. Jacob, I have to talk with you. Face to face."
"I'm in warp. How'd you find me?"
"I guessed where you were going."
"Even then, I'm in warp. You can't find me."
"Clearly, I can."
"My mind is made up."
"Come out of warp and we'll talk. You'll still be able to do whatever you want to do."
"How'd you find me in warp? No heavenly freighter can do that."
"I know. I'm not in a heavenly space ship. Jacob, I'm the one who messed up. Cassie didn't. You had told her that your jewelry was top secret. If it hadn't been for me, she never would have told me what you had given her for Valentines' Day. This wasn't her fault. It was my fault."
"It's impossible for you to find me when I'm in warp."
"Jacob, if you come out of warp and let me into your ship so that we can talk face to face, you will see how I found you. But, the ship that I'm in is my top secret. I know your top secret; now you'll know mine. If you still want to go back to Angelion, I won't interfere. Let me in. What have you got to lose?"

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 10

"It's good to see you working in the hospital's morgue."
"Now that I rarely have to sleep, I need something to do at night," Theo said. "Are Voodoo gods hanging around morgues in the middle of the night considered ghouls?"
"Not the way the media portrays ghouls," Papa Legba said. "But Theogun is the Voodoo god standing between the human and spirit worlds, so working in a morgue is probably good for you. Why are you here now?"
"I'm having trouble diagnosing a patient's condition with only my hands. Ogun said I would need this skill. I can't do it yet."
"So, you're practicing on corpses?"
"Yes. I try with my hands, and then I look at the medical record that will give me cause of death. So far, I'm 0 for 3."
"It will come. How are the formal medical studies going?"
"They're ridiculously easy. I have to make deliberate mistakes and act confused so as not to draw attention."
"Yes, that is part of working undercover in enemy territory."
"Earth is enemy territory?"
"Yes. Witches were burnt at the stake remember. Humans have more subtle ways of dealing with events that they can't explain now. Medical malpractice suits, for example."
"Why are you here? Are you checking up on me?"
 "No. I can do that without becoming visible to you. I'm here to teach you how to curse."
"I take it that you don't mean human curse words."
"I don't. All Voodoo royalty have a wide assortment of curses that they can employ. I'll start you on some easy ones. These will be curses that you can use to inflict minor health issues on a target."
"I can use health issues as a weapon? That doesn't seem right."
"It can be right under some circumstances. Say that you have a teenager who is flirting with criminal behavior. You can see that he is basically a good kid, but he's on the wrong track right now. You want to steer him away from what his future will be, but telling him to be good is not a realistic solution. So you hit him with a mild health curse that will push him into reconsidering his future."
"I could do that."
"I'll show you. I need a body that isn't mangled."
"This one?"
"That'll do. What do teenagers fear the most, health-wise?"
"Acne?"
"Got it in one try. Acne before a date is one of their worst nightmares. Especially if the acne is big, gross and visible. This curse will place a gross pimple anywhere you want. Give me a location."
"Forehead?"
"Didresdit"
"That's one ugly corpse."
[Narrator: Obviously, I wasn't in the morgue when Theo received his instruction. Or, perhaps I was in the room in my Voodoo goddess body, but I don't want to reveal any of our curses. You should give this possibility serious thought. I am, after all, unusually old. Either way, I'm just making up these curse words. Or maybe I'm not. For safety's sake, do not use these words on younger family members.]
"The first syllable is the type of curse. All medical based curses start with the letter D. You want a pimple, so the curse starts with Did. The second syllable is the location of the curse. In this case, the forehead. The third syllable is the strength of the curse. This piece of paper has a list of all of the body locations in the Voodoo language. This paper has a list of the words that will indicate strength. Pimple strength is measured in size and gooiness. Try it."
"Do I have to point my hands or wave a wand?"
"Your curse powers are meant to be unnoticeable, so they can be cast with voice or thought."
"So Marie could have given me a tongue-tied curse from the living room, after all."
"She couldn't have done that safely. If you're going to curse somebody, you can't do it in a crowd. Everybody in the crowd will develop a pimple at the same time. This will not be good for your anonymity. If more than one person is your vision, you have to get closer. Look directly at the corpse and say the curse. I'll just step out of the way now."
...
"It worked."
"Try different strengths now. Perhaps add some different locations."
...
"You have a sick sense of humor, Theogun. Spelling out a human curse word with pimples would certainly have gotten this guy's attention." 
"Strategically, what would I do now?"
"After a period of time during which you keep increasing the pressure, the victim will begin public avoidance. This fellow here would hide in his bedroom."
"What if they seek medical help first?"
"Medical help cannot cure Voodoo curses."
"OK, let's say that he's in his bedroom. Now what?"
"He will start railing at what is happening to him. He will not understand that you're using the curse to change his behavior. At some point, he will say something like, What did I do to deserve this?"
"And then, I tell him?"
"No. We can't have voices speaking through the air. He tells himself, but you plant the thought."
"Like a mind message?"
"More subtle than what you can do with your sling, but yes. You can plot thoughts and emotions. Give him some guilt; give him an idea that if he continues with what he's doing, it will only get worse. Then, make it worse." 
"And ultimately?"
"Show him the way out. I'll demonstrate on you."
"Man, these pimples are itchy."
If you did something good for a change, Theo, perhaps you wouldn't be cursed like this.
"Then what?"
"Wait for him to do something good. Let's say that you did."
...
"Would I make them all disappear at once like you did?"
"No. Your guy receives a tiny reward whenever he does some good. Ultimately, the pimples all diminish and then disappear."
"Won't this be very time consuming for me?"
"Yes. Do this only when the person you're treating has great potential. Here are two books. The large book contains health related curses. The smaller book has the words for every part of a human body, both external and internal. You can practice the curses on the corpses. They won't complain."
...
"If I can put a curse on a liver, does that mean I can remove a curse? Is that how I cure people?"
"Yes. In principle. Cancer is a curse, for example. You can remove it. But you have to see it to de-curse it. Also, you need to focus very closely on the curse location and severity. This part is not easy. You'll have different curse words to learn."
"Which is why I'm learning how to operate on a human body first."
"Yes."
"You know, I went through a time where I wasn't very nice to one of my brothers. Mom had to speak to me. It was about that time that I got some heavy duty acne."
"Really? That's weird." 
 
Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 11

"What do your boards say now, Lillian?"
"See for yourself."
...
"Jacob and Cassie are back at their jobs. I see their green lights now. Why don't I see if Galahad's operations are still affected?"
"Those would appear in Galahad's nexus. I can tell you that his boards are all green."
"The mermaids are still going to die. Shield's trade is still going to be affected. I had a quick visit with Poseidon yesterday to ask him how our chocolate imports were working for the planet. As part of that, I asked if he knew of any other planets that might be interested. He said that Lucifus might be interested. He said that a consulate officer had visited the planet."
"Ah."
"Apparently, he had asked what the trade deal had been. Poseidon wouldn't give any details, claiming confidentiality conditions. He did say that the chocolate was very good and we'd be selling him a lot of it soon."
"Lucifus and Hell were bound to find out about it sooner later," Lillian observed. 
"They already knew that we were getting into trade with all of our new freighters. Now they know we're trading chocolate. I don't see how that knowledge could affect us. There's no way for them to sabotage it."
"What about the mermaids? Did the Lucifus consulate officer ask about them?"
"Yes, he did. Quite sneakily, actually. He told Poseidon how he had heard that his planet had fish with bare human boobs, and could he actually see one of them. He didn't believe the gossip. Poseidon assured him that the gossip was true. He told him that his planet had had a small group of mermaids but he had to expel them because they were too dangerous for the people of his planet. Heaven had agreed to take them off his hands as part of a separate agreement."
"And Poseidon revealed that separate agreement too?"
"He had no reason not to. Lucifus now knows that we have a DNA database that will allow us to repopulate the oceans," Winnie confirmed.
"Hell spent a lot of time destroying our oceans with plastic. They'll consider this a big threat."
"Now we know why the mermaids are going to die."
"But not how."
"Tell me about these lights. When I see red, what's that color based on?"
"It's all run off Artificial Intelligence. In this case, the computer will consider the plans that you develop to counter the threat as well as the personnel that will be in the operation. If those personnel have a record of success, that will be taken positively. Your skills as a battle strategist will also be taken into account. Your success record has been damaged recently and that might lead the boards to rank the risk higher than they would do otherwise."
"Are data from Hell considered?"
"The boards use a general risk rating for Hell operations as a whole. They look at how our plans succeed versus how often they don't succeed. If we knew who was attacking the mermaids, we might get a more accurate rating. We have extensive information on senior devils, for example, and how dangerous they are." 
"Could I use the boards as a way to test the likelihood of success of various options that I haven't considered yet?"
"You could, but you wouldn't want to do that. The boards would interpret a slew of changes in the plan as confusion on your part and it would decrease your personal rating. Your success ratio is a big factor in the analysis. You don't want to jeopardize that."
 "But you have used the boards to see ratings and use the lights as a warning to do something about the plan or the personnel."
"Yes. For example, I prevented you from going to Hell once because of the boards. Your light was flashing. But I don't use the boards to test theories. I use it to warn me that I have a hole in my plan."
"In my case, I have no plan."
"You might want to do something about that."
"It strikes me that I would be better able to develop a plan and adjust as necessary if I had easy access to the boards that are in my nexus."
"That is true, if done properly. It would also alert you to additional dangers that people in your nexus might experience."
"Additional dangers? Did you throw that in to stress me out?"
"No. I simply informed you that the boards in your nexus are always subject to change and you should remember to look at the distant lights so that you have a warning of a new threat."
"Those two flashing red lights at the back of the time line are new."
"Yes."
"How do I read the data on those lights?"
...
"I don't understand. Neither of them would be in a mermaid operation."
"Then they're in danger from another threat."
"But Maureen isn't even a member of my team."
"Maddy is, and her light is very close physically to Maureen's. Whatever is going to happen, Maddy and Maureen will be together at the time."
"Wonderful. If I'm gauging the distances properly, I could still be in a mermaid battle when Maddy and Maureen are threatened."
"That's how I read it too. I often have multiple operations on the go, and the time sequence is not always friendly. From now on, you'll have access to the boards of your nexus from your castle. They'll be in a different dimension that only you can access. Name your entry password."
"The password is Don't meddle."
"Good password."
"When you were learning, what was your most common mistake?"
"Impulsivity. I didn't think things thoroughly enough."
"Did you really get sick from seeing the boards, or were you just trying to make me feel better."
"I really did get sick."
 # # # # # # # #
"I thought that I'd find you here," Maureen said. "Are you still on your warm-ups?"
"I just started. Coach banned me from practicing in March. It's April 1. Why are you here?"
"To get ready to compete. I'm playing pro this spring. Ruth invited me onto the team after the NCAAs."
"What position?"
"Pitcher mostly. Ruth wants to continue to play, but not as frequently. I'll catch when she needs to rest her knees. Tanya Lee is their new shortstop."
"That means they can shift the previous shortstop to third where they had a huge hole. I saw your picture on the bulletin board listing the Wildcat's coaches for next season. You're the new pitching coach."
"Yeah. Coach had a chat with me after we returned home. He had to get approval to ask me from the Athletic Director first."
"Now we know why he didn't have a full coaching staff all year."
"He didn't say that he was waiting for me to graduate."
"But, he was."
"Probably."
"Does that make you feel good?"
"Yeah, it does."
"More so than the MVP award?"
"Way more. A word from Coach goes a long way. An MVP trophy goes nowhere. Are you ready to start? I'll catch for you. What do you want to do?"
"Gotta wear off some rust."
 "Before I forget, Ruth asked about your charting and if it was helpful. I told her how it helped us win. She's planning to ask you if you'll chart for her team."
"If I don't get ahead on my school work, I won't be able to go full time in your skills camp."
"It'll only be weekends. Plus, we'll be going to Cuba for a doubleheader. The team is really looking forward to it."
"I'll probably say Yes. I want to scout their pitchers. I didn't get to see them much last season." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 12

"How are your lawyering skills, Winnie?"
"I don't have any."
"That does not give me a rush of confidence," Guinny admitted.
"I've seen the Wilizy lawyer work though. I've seen him a lot, actually. I don't think he's ever lost a case. Not one that I've seen at least."
"That doesn't make you a lawyer."
"Surely some lawyers come to Heaven."
"They've been memory wiped."
"I repeat my objections to memory wiping everybody who comes to Heaven."
"We don't have a need for lawyers. Lillian has negotiated any changes that we've wanted in the Heaven/Hell treaty."
"Why not use her again?"
"She says that you've made this mess, you should clean it up."
"That does not give me a rush of confidence. What did I do wrong this time?"
"We don't know if you've done anything wrong. Hell wants a formal meeting. Lillian says that it will be about the mermaids. That makes it your job."
"I was expecting something, but didn't know what."
"Talk with Harry. Find out what's going on. Make no commitments. Come back and report."
"Actually, I'm glad the battle has started. I can't plan anything until I know how Hell is planning to attack us."
"They're going to attack us with lawyers, Winnie. You can count on that."
 # # # # # # # #
"Well?" Guinny asked. She was in her usual office. Winnie was sitting in front of her desk.
"We should have Lillian here as well. Joe-Joe too perhaps."
"They're on their way now."
...
"Does everybody here know about the mermaids of Poseidon and how we were able to rescue them from Poseidon?"
 "We do," Guinny said. "What was the focus of the meeting with Harry, Winnie?"
"Lucifus learned about the mermaids coming to Earth and notified Hell. Hell also knows about the DNA database that we received. They have a vested interest in trying to stop us from using that database. They'll want to keep the oceans polluted."
"Was your meeting with Harry private and informal, Winnie?" Joe-Joe asked.
"Private, yes. Informal, no. Harry was very stiff and officious. He told me before the meeting began that he was recording the meeting and that the recording would be shared with Hell. He was using the meeting to inform us that an official complaint had been lodged against us and we were being accused of breaking the Heaven/Hell treaty by accepting trained and dangerous marine-based militia from Poseidon and placing them in military bases in Earth's oceans. They anticipate that these insurrectionists will attack and destroy Hell's installations in Earth's oceans. They are demanding that all of the insurrectionists be returned to Poseidon immediately."
"Where did the claim of dangerous militia come from?" Lillian asked.
"When I had to motivate Poseidon to send all the mermaids to Earth, I revealed to him that Merly, the mermaid queen, had a cloak that had very potent defensive powers. I suggested that the other mermaids might also have similar defenses that were embedded in their cloaks. Poseidon freaked out and begged us to take the mermaids off his hands. I doubt that he would have revealed much detail to Lucifus of how he decided to send them to us because it would have revealed that he was not able to deal with a female who was challenging his authority to rule. The general gist of the mermaids being dangerous is true. More recently, the mermaids brought justice to Leviathan for murdering one of them. It's possible that Hell suspects this."
Lillian added a sobering thought. "That means that if Harry required Merly to appear in front of him, answer questions under the truth ray, and perhaps demonstrate the powers of the cloak, Hell's allegations might be proven."
Joe-Joe had the answer immediately. "We have to keep all of the mermaids away from Harry. He'll do his job impartially. The mermaids are indeed a threat to Hell if you consider their sheet of plastic covering the oceans as a hellish installation. The mermaids are key to us removing that plastic, aren't they?"
"Yes. We'll have some equipment there, but the mermaids are the only source of personnel that we have who can operate in a watery environment. We aren't doing anything about the oceans yet, because I can't dispose of the plastic. But in time, yes, the mermaids will be attacking Hell's plastic."
"Winnie, can you handle the meetings with Harry?" Lillian asked.
"Initially, yes. I can hear Hell's charges and then ask for an adjournment. But I don't have any idea how to argue against their charges legally. I don't know any of the laws. And I have no idea how to keep the mermaids out of Harry's reach."
"Cassie has some legal training, doesn't she?" Guinny asked.
"She can prosecute a criminal case against a pervert who doesn't have a lawyer present to defend him."
"That would be a No then. What about Reese?" Guinny again. 
Winnie answered with a question. "How many lawyers could Hell put on this case to research the law and then argue it in court?" 
Guinny answered with an answer. "Thousands. All will have intact memories." 
"Reese is a beginning lawyer. He's had one case that he won with some flim-flam. This would be too much for him."
"Leave this with me," Guinny said. "I'll find a lawyer."
 # # # # # # # #
The scene was a desolate piece of Montana. That short description won't help you much. There could be thousands of those kinds of places. This one had a shade tree big enough for two. That should do it.
"You must have found asking me to meet you difficult to do," the male voice said.
"I did. You'll keep this quiet, of course. Nobody in Heaven can know."
"I have more at risk than you. If my people learn that I'm alive and practicing magic in the hinterlands of the Cosmos, they'll be able to find me."
"You'll be in an angel body. You'll be hard to find."
"But my family won't."
"Are any of them casting spells that will draw attention?"
"Marie has been placing lactating breasts on her body, but that's not necessary now."
"You see, that why I don't like magic. That's just flat out wrong. I'm not going to ask why she did that."
"Here's something that you will appreciate. I'm teaching one of Wilizy how to find health issues with his hands; he's learning how to cure those issues with magic. Heaven sends out mobile health care units; I do magic. Both of us are after the same thing. Healthier humans."
"Which Wilizy is this?"
"Theo, the former basketball player. The Wilizy have another Voodoo god on the way. Lucas. He's the military son. He'll take over for our god Shango in time."
"You're going to need a military presence in your future?"
"No flies on you. Speaking of flies, do I have to fly? I may get air sick and I'm definitely not athletically inclined."
"You'll use a portal to travel instantaneously to the space ship of the local Cop of the Cosmos. His name is Harry and he's a dolphin. You'll use the same portal to return here. I can't have you coming to my office. You can reach me at any time and I'll meet you here."
"How are you explaining the presence of a lawyer in Heaven?"
"If asked, I'll say that I have restored the memories of a former top level lawyer who is in Heaven. You won't be available for group meetings as you are too busy researching the laws of the Cosmos."
"I actually have to do that. Can you get access to some Cosmos statutes for me? I'll also need a copy of the Heaven/Hell treaty."
"Here's the treaty. I'll have Winnie ask Harry for the Cosmos resources. If you have to consult, you'll consult with me. Be aware that the Cops monitor all messages in and out of the courtroom where you'll be working."
"Winnie could be a problem. She has seen me in action. She could become suspicious if she sees me even in disguise."
"Winnie handled the first meeting with Harry; you'll do all the others solo."
"What changed your mind about letting magic into Heaven?"
"I had an impossible choice. Let an entire family of mermaids be sold into sexually slavery or swallow my distaste. This family could be the only mermaids left in the Cosmos. The choice wasn't as impossible as I had thought it would be. Besides, you're not getting into Heaven."
"Tell me everything you know about mermaids in general and these mermaids in particular."
 # # # # # # # #
"Let me confirm: Mermaids were here on Earth during the Greek god era and returned to Poseidon when the Greek gods were replaced."
"Yes."
"There's a possibility that they are the last members of an ancient civilization of mermaids that had advanced technology."
"Yes."
"Does anybody know what the civilization was and where it was?"
"Not to my knowledge."
"Good. I can make up whatever lies I want and they can't contradict me."
"I didn't hear that."
"I SAID THAT I CAN MAKE UP WHATEVER LIES I WANT AND NOBODY CAN CONTRADICT ME."
"Are you being deliberately obnoxious?"
"Yes, Queeny."
"Guinny."
"You should try and get more humor into your afterlife."
"Is that what you do?"
"Yes. I enjoy life as a human. Last issue: I have to ensure that Harry can't subpoena any of the mermaids because they've done some things that Harry can't know."
"Yes. Can you keep them out of the inquiry?"
"That'll depend on whether or not I win the first argument. How am I supposed to get to Harry's ship?"
"You'll be in Heaven for one second and I'll be with you."
"Works for me."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 13

Fast forward. It's now the end of April. 
 # # # # # # # #
The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A speaker nestled inside a white box sat at the end of the table. On one side of the table, an angel sat in a comfortable chair. Behind him, a locked door ensured that he could not leave. Opposite him was an empty chair with an unlocked entrance/exit door behind it.
The angel lifted his left wing, took several items out of his wing sac, and placed them on the table. He shuffled the five sheets of parchment so that they were all squared. He deposited the small bottle of black fluid within reaching distance of his right hand, opened it, and put the cap next to the bottle. That bottle was later determined to contain black ink. The last item, a small collapsible penknife also went beside the bottle. Grasping the end of a chest feather, he gave it a quick yank and then proceeded to use the knife to sharpen the end. Soon satisfied, he dipped the quill into the bottle and began to write carefully at the top of the first parchment paper. April 14, 2096. His penmanship was precise. 
The angel didn't look up when he heard the opposite door open and the other participant in this meeting enter the room and sit down. Instead, he finished the heading, put the quill into the bottle of ink, raised his other wing, removed a page of blotting paper from the wing sac, and used it to soak up any excess ink that might exist. If one looked closely, black smudges on his right arm feathers would indicate that the blotting process hadn't always been completely successful. An even closer inspection would reveal that all of his white feathers were actually off-white and the ends of those feathers had a yellow tinge. The top of his head was mostly featherless. A large brown liver spot in the middle of his bald spate suggested that this angel had been exposed to too much sun. Although his body couldn't be seen right now, a potbelly and a short stature would later be revealed.
Meanwhile, the other participant was busy unpacking two large briefcases that he had put on the table. He placed six bulging file folders within reaching distance, while leaving the space in front of him empty. He looked across the table and smirked. He had obviously out-papered the angel. The quantity of paper that a lawyer brings to a hearing is a clear indication of which lawyer had done the most research. 
As you have already concluded, the second participant in the meeting was a devil. He showed all the signs of being an important devil: twelve feet tall, thick red horns, and a gleaming set of black scales. He had obviously polished himself before coming to the meeting. Later, when the devil left the room, it would be apparent that he had only polished the scales on the front of his body. The dull brown scales on his back would indicate that he had dyed his front scales as well. 
"This exploratory meeting is now called to order," a metallic voice announced from the white speaker. "Present in the meeting is the male devil, Fylybstr. Also present is the male angel, Fluffer-Doodle. My name is Harry. I have called this meeting so that Fylybstr can elaborate on some alleged violations of the Heaven/Hell treaty. Fluffer-Doodle will have the opportunity to respond. I will judge whether Fylybstr's charges are sufficiently serious to warrant a formal inquiry that will include use of the truth ray. It is not necessary for you to stand when you speak, and you may address me as 'Harry.' I ask that you observe the niceties of debate by allowing the other person to speak without interruption. Also, keep the tone civil. Fylybstr, you may begin."
 # # # # # # # #
"Harry, he's deliberately farting at me. He's trying to distract me."
"Fluffer?"
"That's pish-posh, Harry. My body is old. Certain internal pressures mount, especially when he keeps talking, and talking, and talking."
"I have two binders to go. I'd like to be able to present my case without having to smell noxious fumes."
"I'm sure it's not that bad."
"You aren't here in the room, Harry."
"I thought angel bodies didn't have a digestive function, Fluffer."
"Back in the 17th century, they did. Fylybstr has tongue enough for two sets of teeth."
"He just farted again!"
"I can't help it. My name is Fluffer-Doodle after all."
"The gasses are surrounding my head now."
"What does Fluffer-Doodle mean?"
"Harry, it's 17th century slang. It means a person who farts a lot. I've been this way for centuries."
"I tell you, it's deliberate." 
"Why don't you milk the pigeon? Sit down and shut up."
"Are you suggesting that I ... "
Harry intervened. "According to my chip translator, milk the pigeon is 17th century slang for doing the impossible."
"Harry, if I could stand and move around, the pressures may not build up so quickly."
"What about it, Fylybstr. You have been talking for over an hour. This was supposed to be an introductory presentation of your case."
"This IS my introductory presentation."
"Holy pretzel, Harry. You'll have to put time limits on this dog-booby. I've run out of parchment papers to doodle on. "
"What does dog-booby mean? I'm not a booby. I'm a very successful lawyer."
"According to my translator, dog-booby is slang for being a lout," Harry informed.
"What's a lout? Tell him he has to speak English. Current English." 
"It means an ill-mannered boor." Harry again.
"What's a boor? English! English! English!"
"It means a peasant." 
[It also could mean oaf, clown, or bumpkin. Harry was trying to keep the tone civil by choosing the least insulting synonym.] 
"Fylybstr, sit down. You're done. Calm down. From now on, presentations from either delegate cannot exceed ten minutes. Fluffer, you have the floor."
"Thank you. Fylybstr, did you steal my barnacles?" 
"WHAT!?"
Fluffer fished around in a wing sack and pulled out a set of glasses, which he put on. "Here they are. I need my spectacles. I'm near sighted." He stood up, stretched, turned around and touched his toes...
"Don't point that butt at me!"
Fluffer obliged. "What? I'm not allowed to stretch? Harry, before we can even begin to consider this issue, you'll have to rule on which set of laws you will apply. A mermaid is half fish and half humanoid. Will your ruling be based on a fish system of laws or a humanoid system of laws? As I'm sure you're aware, there are fundamental differences." Then, Fluffer sat down, crossed his arms over his belly and smiled. 
[It was very Stu-like. Winnie would have caught it.]
"Yes, you're correct. I'll hear arguments for and against. Fylybstr?"
"What? He's finished? So soon? What are we doing?"
"You may present arguments on whether a mermaid is legally a fish or a humanoid," Harry reminded. "That decision will be important in how I reach a ruling."
"They're both."
"Egads, Fylybstr! How can you not know that in a legal case, you can only apply one set of laws? Otherwise, you 'll need two trials. Failure to gain a conviction on BOTH sets of laws would cause your case to fail. I'm happy if you want to do both. It doubles my chances of returning to Heaven this century."
"He's right, Fylybstr. I could never agree to two underlying legal systems. We have to apply one set of laws. I'm familiar with both."
"To be a fish or to be a human. That is the question, Fylybstr." 
[Fylybstr didn't get the Hamlet reference. Harry did. An involuntary snort came out of the speaker followed immediately by a cough.] 
"The top half is the human half," Fluffer explained when Fylybstr dithered.
"Well, I know human laws so that should probably be what I choose. What are you doing?"
Fluffer was standing and putting the blotting paper into his wing sac. "I'm getting ready to leave. I only have to make one comment and all of your accusations will fail. I can go back to Heaven."
"Harry, is he telling the truth?"
"I'm neutral here."
"Can I invoke the truth ray?"
"This is a preliminary hearing only. It shouldn't be necessary."
"I think he's lying. The success or failure of Hell's case shouldn't be determined by a lie."
"He has a point, Fluffer. Your reaction?"
"Accusing me of lying is getting personal. We're supposed to be in a civil discourse here. I object to his tone and his inferences. I will repeat that statement under the truth ray. But in return, he has to agree that the two of us will go one-on-one in this meeting. Neither of us can get support from outside this room. Nobody but the two of us can talk in this room. We agree to stay here until you rule."
"Fylybstr?" 
"I agree to all of that."
"Truth ray on Fluffer."
"What I said was: I'm getting ready to leave. I only have to make one comment and all of your accusations will fail."
"Truth ray off. He was telling the truth, Fylybstr. What set of laws do you want me to use?"
"Fish laws."
"Fluffer?"
"I'll agree."
"We'll break for half an hour. No communications of any kind are allowed."
[Making Fylybstr agree that 'nobody but the two of us can talk in this room' ensured that the mermaids couldn't be called to testify.] 
[You may be wondering what Stu was going to say to end the hearing prematurely if Fylybstr had chosen to use human laws for the hearing. Fylybstr's accusations revolved around the mermaids doing nasty things in deep water. But humans have no laws prohibiting nasty things in deep water. With no such laws, the mermaids couldn't be found guilty of anything.
 [As to Stu's use of guided missile farting: He used magic to anger Fylybstr and to ensure that he couldn't notice that Fluffer's body was missing a cinnamon smell.] 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 14 

"We're reconvened. Fylybstr, you may present one accusation at a time. You have a maximum of ten minutes to make your presentation. If more time is needed, I will consider it. Either of you may invoke the truth ray if you think it is necessary." 
# # # # # # # #
"Fluffer, you may respond now."
"Fylybstr, you've accused the mermaids of attacking a devil named Leviathan with sharp shells in an attempt to kill him. In what part of Earth's oceans did that occur?" 
"The Pacific Ocean."
"That's a very big area. Can you narrow it down?"
"No."
"What was Leviathan doing at the time?"
"I don't know." 
[Berith couldn't tell Fylybstr that Leviathan was carrying diamonds at the time.]
"How do you know about this alleged attack?"
"Another devil reported it to me."
"Was he there? Did he see it?"
"No." 
"How did he learn about it then?"
"Leviathan told him."
"Do devils lie a lot?"
"Well..."
"Truth ray on Fylybstr."
"Yes, devils lie a lot."
"Is it possible that Leviathan lied to this other devil who in turn lied to you?"
"Yes."
"Truth ray off. You said that the mermaids killed Leviathan. How do you know that he's dead?"
"He didn't return to Hell."
"Is Leviathan an old geezer devil?"
"Yes."
"Truth ray on Fylybstr. Could he have died from old age?"
"It's possible."
 "Truth ray off! Do you have any signed depositions from anybody who witnessed the event?"
"No."
"Do you have any evidence at all? A shell with blood on it? A dead body with shell cuts?"
"No."
"Harry, this accusation is not supported by any facts. It's a wild conspiracy theory of how an old devil might have died. Fylybstr hasn't even shown any evidence that any mermaids were in the area at the time. I'd like a ruling please."
"This allegation is unproven. Move on, Fylybstr."
# # # # # # # #
"Fylybstr, you've said that Heaven recruited mermaids to operate in Earth's oceans as foreign mercenaries. You further argued that Heaven was hiding their presence because they would exceed the number of agents it could have in the field. You want Heaven to be financially punished for sneaking new agents on Earth. Do you have any written proof of this recruitment?" 
"No. However, this information came from a very high source who would know."
"Do you know anything about mermaids?"
"I know they're vicious."
"How do you know that?"
"Because they killed Leviathan."
"That's an alleged killing that can't be substantiated and has been deemed unproven by this court ten minutes ago."
"You won't change my mind. I know they're vicious."
"Have you ever met any?"
"No. But I know that the people of Poseidon hated them."
"Do you know why?"
"Because they're vicious and they were intent on taking over the planet."
"How many mermaids were going to do that?"
"I don't know their exact number."
"Truth ray on Fluffer. Twenty-one mermaids are living in Earth's oceans. Truth ray off. Fylybstr, how could twenty-one mermaids take over an entire planet?"
"They have powerful secret weapons."
"Do you know what those weapons are?"
"My source didn't go into detail."
"But you are absolutely sure that they have advanced weaponry."
"Definitely. No insurrectionary force would consider taking over a planet if it didn't have advanced weaponry."
"And you know that they have advanced weaponry because they were planning to take over Poseidon. If they didn't have it, they wouldn't be planning a coup."
"Exactly. One goes with the other." 
"You're using this kind of logical argument: 1 = 2 because 2 = 1. But 1 isn't equal to 2." 
"The threat of mermaids has nothing to with numbers."
"Neither is it true that the mermaids have secret weapons or that they were intent on taking over Poseidon. You can't say that in a court of law if you have no proof."
"I have binders of proof but I'm not allowed to show them."
"Moving on. Did you know that mermaids used to live on Earth?"
"Those are rumors only."
"Truth ray on Fluffer. I hereby certify that there are ample historical records on Earth, including pictures that I have seen personally, that mermaids lived on Earth during the Greek God era. They left the planet when the Greek Gods were replaced. They set up in the oceans of Poseidon. Earlier, I had asked the Cops of the Cosmos to determine if any proof of their habitation here on Earth was part of Cosmos records. Truth ray off. Harry, what did the Cops find?" 
"Mermaids did live on Earth," Harry said.
"So they're not foreigners. They are former citizens who have chosen to return to their former planet."
"They're mercenaries and insurrectionists. They're being paid to mount an assault on Hell's installations."
"How are they being paid? How much have they been paid? They live in the ocean and they get their energy from salt water. What would they spend their money on?"
"They're spending it on acquiring more weapons."
"Who would sell it to them? Heaven doesn't have any such weaponry. Earth has weaponry but not anything that works under the water. They have no space ships."
"They are part of the far left forces in the Cosmos that are intent on destroying the fundamental concepts underlying the constitution of the Cosmos. Truth, democracy and freedom are at risk."
"You haven't understood a thing I've said, have you?"
"I know what I know."
"Harry, I'd like a ruling."
"Fylybstr, you have not shown any evidence whatsoever to prove your allegations that mermaids are a mercenary force, that they are an insurrectional force, that they are vicious, or that they have advanced weaponry that they could use underwater. Move on to your next accusation."
# # # # # # # #
"Fluffer, is it true that Poseidon gave Heaven a complete oceanic DNA database that would allow Heaven and the mermaids to repopulate the oceans of Earth?"
"Yes. He offered it to them as a gift because Heaven had helped them out on some health issues." 
"Is it true that this data base could be used more than once?"
"I don't know."
"Is it true that mermaid DNA is part of that gift. And is it true that once the mermaids establish a presence in Earth's oceans, their numbers could grow quickly?"
"I assume that the gift includes mermaid DNA because it was a complete database. Scientifically, it would be possible for the mermaid numbers to grow quickly depending on many factors including temperature of the water, salinity of the water, and the presence or absence of predators."
"So that would be a Yes."
"That's a Yes with qualifications."
 "Fluffer, is it true that earthlings acted in such a way that they covered their oceans with a dense covering of plastic?"
"That is true, but the citizens of Earth acted this way because of machinations of Hell that caused them to ignore the pollution and do nothing about it."
"Aha! How do you know that? Do you have any proof of that?"
"I do."
"You do?"
"Yes."
"Incontrovertible evidence?"
"Truth ray on Fluffer."
"Yes."
"Prove it."
"I will later. Why don't you finish your line of attack first?" 
"Fluffer, is it true that Heaven is planning to attempt to remove the pollution on the oceans?"
"Yes, that is true."
"Will Heaven be using mermaids?"
"Yes." 
"You mentioned earlier that the pollution on Earth's oceans was caused by Hell's actions. Are you sure that you want to stick with that story?"
"Yes." 
"Are you sure you don't want to change it?"
"I'm sure."
"Last chance."
"Go'fer it."
"Harry, you have heard Fluffer admit that Heaven will attempt to remove the plastic on the oceans. But that plastic was put there through Hell's efforts. That means that Heaven will mount an assault on Hell's installations. Got'cha, Fart Face."
# # # # # # # #
"Fluffer?"
"Let's formalize this. Truth ray on Fylybstr until I take it off."
"Can he do that, Harry?"
"Keeping it on until he has finished his questions does not give him any advantage."
"I heard you say that Heaven was going to mount an assault on Hell's installations. Let's be clear here. Are you saying that the mass of plastic covering the oceans is one of Hell's installations?" 
"Yes. We worked long and hard to pollute Earth's oceans. We did it and Heaven couldn't stop us!"
"Would you agree that this plastic is preventing humans from fixing problems associated with climate change? For example, winds crossing the oceans cannot pick up enough moisture to create rain for the planet to grow enough food for its growing population." 
"Yes. It's the torture that keeps on torturing."
"And with this hearing you are working as hard as you can to prevent Heaven and Earth from fixing the oceans."
"Yes. I was told to protect the plastic by sending the mermaids back to Poseidon."
"Harry, I draw your attention to what Fylybstr has just admitted. Harry, please note as well that the mermaids don't want to go back to Poseidon. They fear that some or all of them will be persecuted. They lived on Earth before. That makes them citizens of Earth and not foreign mercenaries. Fylybstr, who hired you and told you what to do?"
"Berith."
"Harry, I'm done here."
"Fylybstr?"
"Harry, the mermaids don't want to return to Poseidon because they are violent insurrectionists who fear having to face justice for their crimes. This isn't about plastic and how Heaven is whining about rainwater. It's about justice and the freedoms that we enjoy. Heaven is trying to destroy that. You can make the Cosmos great again by removing these radical insurrectionists from Earth. I rest my case."
"Truth ray off Fylybstr. Truth ray off Fluffer. Fylybstr, none of your allegations have been based on factual evidence. Hell will refrain from repeating them. I am concerned that Hell wants to send citizen of Earth against their will to Poseidon where they could face persecution. I also am concerned that Hell is preventing Heaven and the mermaids from repairing the damage to their oceans. I will research these issues. I will be in touch with Satan and Queen Guinevere when I'm ready to issue my ruling."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 15

Montana. Shade tree. Two figures. Somebody had produced two lawn chairs this time. 
"Did everything go OK?"
"Yes. The guy could only spout conspiracy theories, so it wasn't hard to discredit his allegations. Harry's off to deliberate. He mentioned some concerns. If he acts on them, it could mean sanctions on Hell. Incidentally, the devil handling their efforts was named Berith. Does that name mean anything to Heaven?"
"Definitely. He's a senior devil who was responsible for creating religious wars that killed a lot of humans. I'm surprised that he's in charge of this. Mermaids hardly qualify for his attention." 
"There haven't been any wars since climate change. Perhaps he's bored. Is he some body Winnie could take on if you have to go back to court? There's no risk of the mermaids being called to testify because they violated no laws."
"I don't know," Guinny answered. "She's had success before with senior devils. It would be best if you don't appear again. I have to be careful about saying anything about our 17th century lawyer if Winnie is in the room. She'll see me lying."
"You lie?"
"I dissemble. After the hearing, Winnie said that that the threat to the mermaids was still there."
"How does she know that?"
"Science. Not magic."
"Now what?" 
"We wait to find out what Harry rules."
"That shouldn't take long. I have some chocolate goodies that I personally made with my own two hands for us."
"Where?"
"Magical picnic basket. "
"It would be rude of me not to test them."
# # # # # # # #
"Did you read the transcript of the meeting?" Satan asked Berith. The were sitting in comfy lawn chairs overlooking the Cactus Garden in front of the Black House.
"I did. The judge hit us hard when he limited Fylybstr to ten minutes of talking. That was totally uncalled for. That took away his strength. Fylybstr can talk at length on any conspiracy theory you ever want to hear. Several hours of listening to him can turn any skeptic into a believer. That ruling was like cutting out his tongue."
"I've been thinking about cutting his tongue out. We're going to get sanctioned."
"So, we broke a rule in the Heaven/Hell treaty agreement when Fylybstr admitted that we were trying to stop citizens of Hell from cleaning their ocean. That doesn't mean we have to give up. We just have to be smarter."
"What do you have in mind?"
"You're in a tough spot here, Satan. You need the support of the conspiracy nut jobs. They are the ones that keep the end-of-the-world retail stores humming. They'll buy anything if it means that Hell is visibly safer. The markup on those products is enormous. Retailers love them. You might even want to poke a stick in the conspiracy nut jobs."
"How?"
"Tell them you went to the Cosmos for justice, but you were cheated. You should have won the case tails down. But you didn't because it was a giant fraud. The trial was rigged. Are you going to take that sitting down? Of course, you're not. You tell them that you need their support. Ask them to help you by buying up all the crap that the theorists' stores flog and give it to you. The merchants will love you. The anarchists will love you. Tell them that you'll use it as part of Hell's defensive shield when Heaven attacks. We can stick them in Heaven's oceans as a secondary line of pollution."
"I like that. We replace plastic in the oceans with our garbage."
 "There's no obvious link to Hell. Heaven will never know. Nor will Earth." 
"We'll never be able to fill the oceans. That took us years and years."
 "Doesn't matter. Dump our garbage near their biggest cities."
"Isn't that breaking the treaty?"
"Nothing in the treaty tells us where we can dump our garbage and where we can't."
"OK, that'll feed the far right some raw meat. What about the far left?"
"What far left?"
"The ones who are wanting to make Hell a kinder, gentler place. They lobby for unemployment insurance, for example."
"Bunch of weirdoes." [Like Berith could talk.]
"Yeah, but they control a large part of the economy." 
"You should give them some of what they want."
"Like?"
"Give them free health care for all. You don't actually have to follow through. Devils don't become ill. But it'll look like you're listening to them. Also, accelerate your drive for more theme parks. Add some casinos. A happy devil is a non violent insurrecting devil."
"Do we give up on the mermaids?"
"No. Never. But before we can act on them, we need to know more about them. We absolutely must find their nests. I can find the nests if you give me a body that has hands and can swim."
"Instead of this body?"
"No. This is my Hellish body, although it could use a little burst of evil juice. The swimming body will be my earthly body. I'll scour the oceans for you. If I can find them, I can kill them."
"I never heard that."
"You're right. I never said that. Let's do this. You need plausible deniability. You've just told me to solve the problems that Fylybstr created but you didn't tell me specifically what to do about the mermaids. I'll keep you in the dark as much as I can."
# # # # # # # #
It's the next day. Winnie and her team were meeting in her boardroom. Keely, Galahad, Shields, Merly and Murray were also attending.
"One of Heaven's lawyers attended a meeting with the Cops of the Cosmos to answer Hell's allegations that the mermaids were evil," Winnie said. "They wanted the mermaids to be sent back to Poseidon for various reasons, none of which were substantiated. Removing that danger to the mermaids is now our #1 priority. Berith is the devil trying to get rid of them. He gained infamy by causing a lot of religion-based wars. We have to find him and follow him. Once we know what he's up to, we can remove the danger. Does anybody know anything more about him?"
"Paula and I know where he lives and works in SinSin-atti," Keely said. "We didn't try to go inside."
"Do you know what he looks like, Keely?"
"No."
"Anybody with an idea?"
...
"Nobody?"
"We know that Leviathan appeared wearing a type of armor and he was carrying a closed bucket," Shields contributed. "He had no hands. How did he make that armor and squeeze into it?"
"He had a partner," Karita concluded.
"He must have had a partner when he captured us with the mermaid pen," Merly offered. "His partner would have given him those stassis chargers."
"Access to a source of those would have been difficult for ordinary devils," Keely added.
"We know that Leviathan used San Francisco as a launching pad into the ocean," Winnie continued. "The partner would have had to be there when Leviathan geared up."
"The partner wouldn't have been able to swim so he would have been rummaging around the part of the city that wasn't submerged. I can bring a platoon down to search for any signs."
 "That's a long shot Galahad, but it's worth a try. Keep the search close to the PUS station. Guys, let's work on this assumption: Berith was Leviathan's partner. Paula and Cassie, can you watch Berith's home and office complex? If you can do so safely, look around inside. I'll put up some drones in the San Francisco PUS station. I'd like to take a picture of him." 
"Should I alert the mermaids?"
"Berith can't swim, so I don't see how he can harm you, Murray."
"Why is he going after the mermaids?" Maddy asked. "What's his motivation?"
"Revenge for killing Leviathan?" Cassie suggested.
"Devils don't care about other devils," Keely reminded them. 
...
"He's going after the diamonds," Winnie concluded. "That's the only motivation that makes sense. Good question, Maddy."
"But he can't swim," Paula reminded everyone. 
"He couldn't swim before," Galahad interjected. "That doesn't mean he can't swim now. He could have a diving suit of some kind."
Or, he could have a new devil body," Keely added another possibility. "If so, that means that Satan is involved."
"Murray, we can use your mermaids after all. You know where the diamonds are located. Ask some mermaids to monitor the route to the diamonds from San Francisco."
"Those diamonds are very deep, Winnie," Merly pointed out. "We may not have to worry. It's unlikely he can get to them."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 16

A few days later. 
"Harry has issued his ruling, Winnie. It starts with a lot of lawyerese. Let me see.... Ooooh, this is nasty. Hell won't like this."
 "They won't like what, Lillian?"
"I'll read it to you. He has a preamble." 
In my capacity as the Cop of the Cosmos observing Hell's interactions with Earth, I have found numerous occasions where Hell has grossly overstepped their bounds. Hell is supposed to present mortals with temptations to sin. If they sin, they are judged and sent to Hell as punishment. Heaven exists as a counterbalance. They act to influence them to refrain from sinning. When the majority of earthlings are able to resist the temptation to sin, Earth might then be considered as a safe addition to the Cosmos.
I have noticed that Hell has moved away from temptation to sin to actions that appear to be intended to destroy Earth as a viable planet. In the last century, Earth suffered through a catastrophic climatic change that destroyed most of the world's economy and health. That climatic change was brought on by Earth's industries that polluted the planet's air and water. Hell acted in such as to prevent their inhabitants from preventing climate change. Now, decades later, Heaven and a cadre of mermaids that are now living in Earth's oceans are trying to clean up the planet by removing the plastic that covers all of the oceans. If that plastic is not removed, Earth's ocean cannot provide enough rainfall for the planet to feed its population.
Hell is deliberately trying to prevent them from cleaning the oceans by sending the mermaids back to Poseidon against their will. That deliberate action is a violation of a recently amended clause in the Heaven/Hell treaty that prohibits Hell from threatening the sanctity of Earth's atmosphere, land, and resources by preventing inhabitants who wish to save their planet from doing so. That is a treaty violation. This blatant violation allows the Mediator to impose sanctions, as provided for under Clauses 14.2.1 and 24.2. 
Here are the sanctions that I am imposing. I give Hell two options from which they can choose.
Option 1: Hell will turn over its spaceships Trident.3 and Trident.4 to the Cops of the Cosmos for immediate destruction. 
Option 2: Hell will assign 1,000 devils to remove most of the plastic debris from Earth's oceans. Care has to be taken to ensure that mortals do not become aware of the existence of devils. The devils working on the removal must be in mortal bodies. In the event that Hell's devils do not comply, Hell will turn over Trident.2, Trident.3 and Trident.4 to the Cops of the Cosmos for immediate destruction. 
# # # # # # # #
"Will this change the balance of power between Hell and us, Lillian?"
"Not really, Winnie. It will help remove the ocean pollution and that will be a big step for Earth. But Hell will remain Hell. What do your boards say about the mermaids?"
"They're still flashing red."
"The risk is actually higher for them now, assuming that Hell goes with the second option."
"I get it. They will be exposed directly to devils. Accidents happen."
"This ruling will be a big embarrassment for Hell," Lillian warned. They will respond somehow. Don't let your guard down. What's happening on the Berith operation?"
"I'm waiting for Berith to appear in the oceans. I have drones in San Francisco to record him as he comes up from Hell. I can't do anything until I see the body he's using."
"What about Maddy and Maureen's flashing lights?"
"I have Maddy's daily schedule now. She's with Maureen on the weekends when Maureen's pro team is playing their games. Their first game is May 12 and 13 in Cuba."
"Could they possibly be attacked in Cuba?"
"I don't think so. The flashing lights are still weeks into the future. I'll be in Cuba just in case. The Wilizy will be delivering several transports full of fertilized chicken eggs. As far as Maddy will be concerned, I'm in Cuba to see my niece, Emily, who is organizing the delivery."
"Chicken eggs?"
"The Wilizy are giving Cuba the means to eat more healthily."
"Sounds like a Winnie project."
"I had a hand in it."
"Do you know how you'll dispose of the plastic yet?"
"No. I've stopped worrying about it. If I'm going to get an idea, it'll come when I'm thinking of something else." 
 # # # # # # # #
Several days later, Winnie mind-messaged her full team. Meghan sent me the following announcement from Satan, which has appeared on all the main message boards in Hell. She says that it has received a lot of 'likes.' I'll read it out to you.
The local Cop of the Cosmos has made a ruling that has denied Hell from driving piscine insurgents from our oceanic property. Be aware that this so called mediator is a member of the Piscatorial Alliance, which is a secret terrorist network dedicated to overthrowing the humanoid planets of the Cosmos. 
Hell finds it appalling that a member of this group of humanoid-haters has infiltrated the Cops of the Cosmos, which is responsible for maintaining the security of all planets in the Cosmos, not just the fish-based planets. This subversive anarchist completely ignored the depth of our case against Heaven's insidious infiltration of Hell's oceans. What's next? A full out assault on our capital city? We recommend that all devils prepare to defend themselves from piscatorial and angelic attacks. SinSin-atti's retailers can provide you with ample defensive materials that will serve to keep you alive until our forces can turn them back. 
Since we can't trust the current Cop of the Cosmos to assist us in our fight against piscapaltorial invaders, we urge the Cosmos to replace him with a humanoid. In the meantime, we are appealing his ruling in the next higher court. 
 # # # # # # # #
Winnie, I just saw Berith leaving San Francisco. I saw him in his devil body as he changed form. His marine body looks to be a lizard of some kind. We don't have any of this species in Poseidon. Most importantly, he has forelegs with claws. I'm sending you pictures and I'll trail him at a distance.
Thanks, Murray. I'll get his picture to our scientists. We'll need to know how deep he can swim and how long he can stay underwater.

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 17

It's a week later and we're back in Montana. Guinny has just shared Hell's response to Harry's ruling with Stu. "Will this be a problem?" she asked.
"Not for you. They're continuing the conspiracy theory approach that they started with. It's been done before, but without success. There's a strong likelihood that Hell has domestic reasons for blaming their problem on outsiders. I don't see why they would go so public with their response otherwise."
"Will the Cosmos actually hear the appeal?"
"That's hard to say. Hell is testing new ground. Claiming that one of Cosmos' cops is biased against humanoids will get their attention at least. The Cosmos has no formal structure for hearing appeals."
"What's the most likely outcome?"
"They'll take some time to respond. The Head of the Cops will go to the Cosmos' Directors and ask for guidance."
"What's Satan doing with these wild theories?"
"He's listening to the wrong advisors." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Hi, Emily."
"Winnie! What are you doing in Cuba?"
"Maddy has some baseball game tomorrow and Sunday. I thought that I'd look in. She has said the Cuba has a very good women's professional team."
"You're a baseball fan?"
"I had a Baseball for Dummies book but it was hard to get past the third page. I'm a Maddy fan."
"What was after the third page?"
"Rules. Did you know that there are sixteen ways for a pitcher to balk?"
"What's a balk?"
"Something that requires sixteen pages to explain. I see that the egg delivery system that you set up has worked well."
"We're about done here."
"Why put them on an island?"
"That's what Cuba wanted. Chickens can't swim or fly. They're good at stinking. An island a couple of miles off the coast will take care of the stink. Their army has already removed all of the natural predators or egg eaters."
"Such as?"
"Dogs, mink, weasels, rats, and foxes. None of these are going to swim across the strait. The army planted wild corn and wild barley. They've built open air nesting structures where they hope the chicken will go to at night and lay their eggs."
"Who collects the eggs?"
"Nobody right now. They're planning to let all of the eggs hatch. Once this site is reasonably full of chickens, they'll take fertilized eggs to another island north of Cuba and repeat the process. Their primary goal is to provide fresh chickens to the population. If this works, they'll prepare another island for chicken ranching and export fresh chickens to other countries."
"So, you've learnt a lot about chickens."
"More than I can ever use."
"How's the crafting?"
"Good. I'm working on larger projects now. Dad says that he'll build me a big studio where I can work without being disturbed. Mom's encouraging me to sell them."
"I'll buy one."
"I'll give it to you."
"No, you won't."
"What kind of scenery would you like in it?"
"How about a lake with an old castle overlooking it."
"I can do that. How big of a castle?"
"I'll give you an URL with a picture of a castle. Supposedly King Arthur and Queen Guinevere lived in it."
"You don't believe those stories about Camelot, do you?"
"Nah."
"I read a book about Lancelot once."
"He was a jerk. Galahad was better."
 # # # # # # # #
The Wildcats had left for Cuba early on Friday, May 11. That put them into Havana with time enough to get to their cabins for lunch and still have an afternoon of swimming. The cabins were exactly as the Cubans had told them. They had one large room with two beds, two chairs, and a closet. The tiny bathroom with a shower was barely larger than the closet. Luxurious, it was not. But the cabins were on the beach. Walk out the door, step into sand, and from there into the ocean. The resort had a main dining room with two dishes on the menu to choose from for lunch and/or supper. The food was simple, but very tasty. Bottled water was on the table and refills were happily provided. 
Nobody else was in the dining room for lunch, so the Wildcats had three waitresses to take care of them. The coaches had warned them that the waitresses were not paid. They made their living off tips, which the Wildcats provided generously. The coaches were in another complex of cabins. Right now, they were enjoying lunch with the Cuban coaches, all of whom spoke English.
Maureen suggested that they walk off their lunch before changing out of their shorts and t-shirts into bathing suits. They walked down the beach for fifteen minutes and were readying to go into their cabins to change when Maddy asked Maureen to call them into a huddle. "Maddy has something to tell you," Maureen said and then waited. She had no clue what Maddy wanted.
"Did you notice that nobody else was in the restaurant?"
Nod, nod.
"Did you notice that the staff had prepared tables for just us? The other tables didn't have plates, glasses or cutlery."
Nod, nod.
"Have we seen anybody going in or out the other cabins?"
Nobody had.
"After we started our walk, six guys in shorts came onto the beach and sat down. Don't turn and look. Those of you who can see them from where you are in the huddle, describe what they're wearing."
"Shorts and t-shirts," was the response. 
"Do you see how they are not sitting together? But they came onto the beach within minutes of each other."
"How do you know this, Maddy?" Maureen asked.
"If I turn my head sideways, my peripheral vision can see what's happening behind me. Do you see how they are carefully not looking at us?"
Nods.
"What kind of Cuban male would not be looking at babes like us? The beach is empty. There's nothing else to look at."
"One guy is doodling with his hands in the sand."
"Another guy is stretching."
"None of the guys are in their bare feet. They all have shoes."
"All the shoes are black."
"What's up, Maddy?"
"Those men are going to stay here, watching us swim. Those of you with skimpy bathing suits may want to think about what you wear swimming. If we leave to go into town in pairs, one of these guys will follow that pair. We won't notice because we'll be busy shopping. If we leave as a group, we'll be watched from a distance. Some of them will be in front of us; some will be behind us."
"Maddy! How do you know this?"
"I went to a military school where I learned what surveillance was. These guys are a trained unit. Some of my family has been in Cuba. They found out that Cuba has secret police. These guys are probably part of that force. We won't always see the same guys. They'll shift people in and out. Look for the shoes. The clothes will change; the shoes won't. They don't have the money for that."
"OMG. What are we going to do?"
Maddy had the answer. "They're not going to hurt us. They'll never get another baseball team to travel to Cuba if they do. We don't let them ruin our trip. We swim in shorts and t-shirts; we go shopping; we eat. But we do everything as a large group. We're in a huddle, so now we do our team cheer, and forget about these guys."
Rah, rah, rah. They were already in shorts and t-shirts. They had no need to go into the cabin and change.
Winnie. I'm in Cuba with the Wildcats. We have the Cuban secret police watching us. Can you check our cabins for cameras? How long do you want us to swim?
I can be there in 2 minutes. I'm in Cuba too. Emily's group has been delivering chickens. I was checking in with her. She's planning to make an art project for me.
 Do you have your bug detector?
Always. It's in my emergency kit.
Our cabins are directly across from where we're swimming.
It won't take long.
 # # # # # # # #
No bugs in the main room or in the bathroom.
I thought I'd have to be changing in the closet.
Good eyes.
I always check what's behind me wherever I go.
When are you playing tomorrow?
10 am. Did you want to watch? 
I might. 
If you do, you'll probably have to be invisible. You'll draw attention otherwise. The stands will be empty. 
 # # # # # # # #
Maddy and Maureen were sharing a room. It was 7 pm Friday night and they were trying to adjust their sleep schedule to Cuban time. Neither was sleepy.
"Are you nervous about tomorrow?" Maddy asked.
"Not much. I don't get nervous about catching." 
"Saturday night will be different. Sunday's game will be their ace against our ace."
"Thanks for reminding me."
"It's not like you haven't been thinking about it."
"True. Let's not talk baseball."
"I'll tell you about my family," Maddy volunteered. "That'll put you to sleep."
It did. 
 # # # # # # # #
Saturday. Maureen was changing into her 'civvies' before having lunch. Maddy was sitting on her bed, not sure what to say.
"That sucked," Maureen said what Maddy was thinking. 
"After the second inning, we were never in the game."
"I've never played in a stadium full of fans before. Every time we struck out, they'd cheer and jump around forever. The noise was overwhelming. How many strikeouts did they have?"
"Ten to our zero." 
"We couldn't get our breath when we were up at bat. The pitch was on top of us too soon."
"How do you mean too soon."
"Baseball has a rhythm. Catcher fires the ball to the pitcher. Then she squats with both hands on her thighs. Then she hides her bare hand between her legs and signals the pitch. Then she brings her bare hand up to stabilize her glove. Then the pitcher goes into her wind up and delivers. The batter has been reading the catcher's body movements from the corner of her eye. She's timing when the ball is going to arrive. But it arrives earlier than she expected. Mentally, she's not ready to react. We never got a rhythm at the plate."
"They play a high tempo game," Maddy admitted. "It makes for a short game." 
"How many hits did we have?"
"Four. All in the last three innings when the game was all over and other coach was giving his back-up, back-up pitcher a turn."
"They put five good girls into a pitching rotation. I've never seen anything like that."
"The fans made a big difference," Maddy observed.
"True."
"They won't have that at the national championships."
"Did you see anything in your charts?"
"Not much. I'll look them over when I get home. About Nationals..."
"What?"
"I did see this. None of their pitchers has a knuckleball. Tomorrow, I wouldn't let them see yours."
"Good idea. We'll save it for a surprise later. I'll tell Ruth not to call it."
 # # # # # # # #
That evening, it was Maureen's turn to talk about her family. That's a long story, one that did not put Maddy to sleep. If anything, it left her sad. 
 # # # # # # # #
Sunday afternoon, on the copter ride home.
"It was close for the first five innings. We did better than we did in the first game," Maddy said, trying to buck Maureen up.
"I'm happy that I kept them scoreless. #1 kept us scoreless. Call it a draw."
"They brought in another pitcher after the 5th inning. #14 had only pitched two innings yesterday. She blew the game open. You couldn't have done anything about that."
"I was done in the 5th too. Coach asked if I could go another inning. I should have said no. He took me off when it was clear that I had nothing. That's the first time I've ever been jeered off the mound. You don't forget something like that."
"What did the players say during the fist bump?"
"They didn't say Sorry." 
"Did you see anything that's going to help us in the Nationals?"
"Not yet."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 18

This is Maureen's story. 
"My mother's name was Phyllis and my father's name was Ray. They met at Arizona State University before it became a party school. She was studying geology and he was a mining engineer. They fell in love and married as soon as they graduated at the age of 21. During their honeymoon, they were trail riding and camping in Arizona's White Mountains. These are are in the eastern part of the state, near the border with New Mexico. They set up a home base in the small town of Greer where they could live in a small cabin and hike, fish, and ride horses. It was on one of those hikes that a rock outcropping at the base of a cliff in the middle of nowhere attracted my mother's attention. She told my dad that they should get some pick axes." 
"The hardware store in town warned them that the gold had disappeared long ago, but he was happy enough to rent them two pickaxes and two shovels for two days. They returned the equipment two days later with crestfallen faces, and nothing but blisters to show for their exertions. Mom conceded that he had been right about the gold. She didn't tell him that they had been looking for silver."
"Silver is usually found in combination with other minerals like copper. Extracting the silver from the other minerals is done by smelting which is heating the ore to a high temperature and then using chemical processes to separate the minerals. This is time consuming and expensive. Generally you extract very little silver." 
"Gold can be mined that way too but gold can also be found in nugget form. Silver nuggets, on the hand, are very rare. Mom and Dad had found silver nuggets. They had pick-axed about three feet into the mountain and they kept on finding nuggets. They covered up their work, pretended that they had failed, went back to Phoenix, and did their research. They took ten diamond nuggets home with them."
"In their first month in Phoenix, they determined that it was not necessary to register any claims for their mine. They decided that they would not sell their nuggets anywhere in Arizona. Such nuggets would immediately attract attention from unsavory elements. They learned that silver nuggets had been found in the mountains of Mexico. Both my mom and dad could speak passable Spanish, so they spent part of that first year traveling around Mexico, looking for places to sell their nuggets. They found that most diamond nuggets were small; theirs were huge. A pickaxe took care of that. They spread their sales around different Mexican communities and returned home. Mexican pesos are legal tender in Arizona. There was no problem converting them to dollars, a small amount at a time." 
"Over the winter, they developed their plan further. They would live near Greer and build a small cabin near a creek that had a good view. They would claim to be nature enthusiasts. They would not show any overt signs of wealth. Again, vowing to not show any wealth, they bought an ordinary looking three-bedroom house on the outskirts of Phoenix. During the winter, they would return to Phoenix and travel regularly to Mexico. This travelling life meant that they had no friends, which was fine with them. They didn't want to lie when somebody asked what they did for a living."
"During the 2060s, their tunnel kept getting longer and longer. They concealed the entrance to the mine every year when winter came."
"In 2072, my mom's father died and they invited my Nana to live with them. She loved the mountains and was content to stay there all year long. They built an addition to the house so Nana could live in some privacy. By this time, they had numerous copters, so she had one of her own that she used to get supplies. That left mom and dad more time to dig for diamonds. They were now having trouble storing the pesos and dollars that they had received from nugget sales. Banks were out of the question. They decided to bury the money in different locations near the mine. However, they knew that this would be very dangerous if somebody were walking through the woods and saw them doing that. Although Nana would be in the mountain house, they didn't want to hide the dollars and pesos there in case somebody broke in. They couldn't hide the money in the Phoenix house either, because it was empty more than half of the year." 
"They asked around Tucson, not Phoenix, and found that the city had a number of professional people who managed wealth. They decided to hire a couple in their mid 30s who came highly recommended. Their names were Les and Jill. Les was the wealth manager. Those duties required him to be part lawyer and part investor. Jill was a nurse practitioner. Les said that he didn't want to know how they were earning their money. He was satisfied that they were normal citizens fighting to keep their wealth against the onslaught of government intrusions into their lives. He said that they should form a numbered company to keep their wealth hidden. So, they did that. Dad was the president, Mom was the vice-president, and Jill was the secretary. She was needed to handle the correspondence that came in from the government. Les was the treasurer. He was responsible for paying taxes which were now becoming more common in Arizona." 
"They gave him a small amount of their money and he invested it. The investment grew. They gave him some more money, and that investment grew. He offered to show them where he was investing the money but they were content to receive an annual report which revealed everything about his actions."
"I was born in 2075. As far as I knew, I had an unremarkable life. I knew that we had a mine because I was not allowed to go inside it. I remember Jill playing with me when we were at the mountain. Les taught me how to ride horses. Later, I learned that my parents had told them how we were making money. They built them a house near ours and Les and Jill moved to Greer and stayed there. Les would return to Tucson to invest the money but they had left their own business so that they could work full time on ours. I remember both of them being with us one winter when we were in Mexico and I assume that Dad was showing them how to convert nuggets to cash." 
"It was around this time that I became a partner in the company. I owned my own shares, something that Les said would give us a tax advantage. I was a non-voting member of the executive. When I turned 21, I would become a full shareholder of the company and would inherit the entire company when my parents died. Les and Jill had a few shares of their own, but were mostly paid in cash for their company work. Les said that it was best if the company had some expenses to report on the tax forms." 
"As I got older, I worked in the mine. I was showing signs that I would take after my mother who was big and strong. I would spend the days with a pick and an axe. This gave me a lot of upper body strength, which I would appreciate later. As to schooling, all four of my adult family shared in my education. By then, Les and Jill were considered family. Dad urged them to take more shares in the company, but Les resisted saying that it was best if he and Jill remained employees. Dad also wanted Nana to take some shares but she didn't want to. She didn't understand any of the stuff they were doing." 
Les set up a trust for me. This was where Les deposited my shares of the mining company and my share of the profits from Les' investments. I couldn't touch the money until I was 21. In the event that my dad and mom died, Nana would be in charge of the trust. She said that she wouldn't know what to do. Les said that he'd help her, but nothing was going to happen that would necessitate that." 
"When I reached my teen years, I was able to take money from my trust to buy clothes for school. The family had decided that I should have a normal high school life because everybody expected that I would go to university. Supposedly, I was not only blonde like my mother, but I was just as smart. I lived alone in the Phoenix house much of the time, but one of my parents (Les and Jill included) would drop in. I knew how to cook for myself and care for myself. I was fully engrossed in high school sports, including baseball that I really enjoyed, in part because I was so good at it. I had my own copter if I needed it. I wasn't interested in boys. They weren't interested in me either because I could beat them in any sport I tried. In the summers, I worked in the mine. I was stronger than my dad by then, and so I would work at the mine's face. By then, I knew what to look for. I also knew that the nuggets were becoming harder to find. 
"June 2092 was the happiest month of my life. I had graduated from high school at the top of my class. The Arizona Sate University women's baseball coach had been encouraging me to attend, which was what I was planning to do anyway. I signed a 'letter of intent' and that prompted a big celebration from my family when I went home. I got into the routine of pick-axing in the mornings, and then trail riding in the afternoons. I had never thought that my life could change so much and so fast." 
"Monday, July 14. I had worked in the mine in the morning. Jill asked if I wanted company for my trail riding and I said OK. We had lunch and set out. When we got back, Les and Nana were waiting. Nana was crying. Mom and Dad had been killed in a rockslide at the face of the cliff. They hadn't brought them out of the mine yet, but Les had confirmed that they were dead."
"I was numb for weeks. August brought new challenges. Les sat me down and said he had more bad news. Mom and Dad's death had triggered something called an inheritance tax. Apparently, wealthy people have to pay extra taxes when money flows from one generation to the next. Arizona's tax ghouls had discovered that we were wealthy. Les couldn't do anything. He had to sell the Phoenix house to pay the inheritance taxes. Their deaths also triggered 'capital gains taxes' on the money that was in the company. He had to sell a lot of the investments in the company to satisfy the rabid taxman. Since my trust fund was based on what the company owned, my personal wealth had mostly disappeared. I had enough money to go to university and rent a basement room in a boarding house. Living in Phoenix meant that my tuition was cheap. I sold my copter, found a part-time job, and tried not to think about Mom, Dad and mining." 
"I still go back to Greer a couple of times a year to see my Nana. Les and Jill are trying to keep the mine operating. They've found enough nuggets for them and Nana to live. Les said that the investment climate is very bad now, so things are bad for them too." 
"I don't know what to say, Maureen."
"Say good night, Maureen."
"Good night, Maureen?"
"Good night, Maddy."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 19

It was the third week of May and the team, including Maddy, was meeting in the castle. Winnie had asked Murray to attend as well. 
"I have information and pictures of the lizard the Berith is impersonating," Winnie started. "It's a marine iguana which is found in the Galápagos Islands off Ecuador. The islands are part of a volcanic archipelago located above a moving tectonic plate, which means that they have active volcanoes. The archipelago is about 1000 km from the closest land. Because of its isolated location, the islands have a wide diversity of plant and animal species, many found nowhere else."
"The marine iguana is one of those animals that is not found anywhere else. As you can see in the picture, they are small and sooty black. They are the only sea-going lizards in the world. Early discoverers including Charles Darwin called them ugly."
"They got that right," Maddy called out.
"They're two to three feet long, have a thickset body which has a row of spines extending from the neck to tail. Those limbs have claws that give them the ability to grasp objects. Given Berith's fascination with diamonds, it's likely that he chose this body for that reason."
"Our scientist say that the marine iguana should be a good swimmer. The flat tail should provide propulsion and the row of spines along the back should provide stability. Its claws allow it to hold onto rocks in strong currents. It eats algae found on rocks. However, a marine iguana can't stay underwater for long, as it has no gills. It holds its breath when it dives."
"I've followed Berith," Murray added. "He swam extremely slowly. He could reach the ocean floor only in shallow water and, as such, he's no threat to reach the site of the diamonds. I didn't test if he could hear me or see me at a distance."
"We may have to give him some help," Winnie said. 
"Why would we do that?" Merly asked.
"We need to find out why he wants diamonds so badly. Does he have a standard search pattern, Murray?"
"No. I don't think he has a good sense of where he is in the ocean."
"This is not good," Winnie concluded. "Murray, can you organize the mermaids into work groups? We'll need chests full of diamonds that we can scatter somewhere he can find. Perhaps a shallow bed near an island?"
"Shields is visiting a planet that might like chocolate. She wants me to go along with her. Merly can do this. She's the best to get to the diamonds where they are now anyway."
"Merly?"
"I can organize them, but I don't know where to find chests."
"Leave that with me."
# # # # # # # #
"Whatever were you thinking when you chose that iguana body?"
That was Satan asking. Berith couldn't tell him the truth. He'd have to obfuscate. Berith may not know much about marine animals, but he knew obfuscation. It means to 'bewilder your opponent' which was a critical skill for him when he was trying to get two religions who believed in the same god to fight each other to the death so that they could go to the same heaven/hell and resume fighting each other.
"The black coloration of the iguana's body and its ability to hide were attractive features for what I was planning to do," Berith said. "In their new life here, the mermaids have adopted an entirely different life style and are not living where they should have been. I was able to determine the changes in their life style with the listening devices in the spines along its back." 
[Obfuscation can also mean to lie.] 
"I've been re-reading the transcription of our hearing with the fish. Was anything truth at all in what our lawyer argued? Or was it all just conspiracy theories."
Berith had a quick answer. "If you want to know what's true, this is true: the mermaids are going to take control of our oceans." [General rule for obfuscationists: When the truth might come out, change the subject. Politicians do that all the time, which must mean that it's very easy to do.] 
"And it looks like we'll be helping them. Lucifus won't give us any more space ships. They claim we're losing too many of them. We need those spaceships if we are to compete with Heaven. What are the chances of our complaint against the fish being upheld?"
"It doesn't matter. If they don't change the findings, we'll appeal again."
"You'll be representing Hell from now on."
"That's an honor I accept gladly."
"We won't have any problems if the mermaids disappear."
"Life under water can be treacherous," Berith predicted. "I'll need a different ocean body. More evil in this body would help as well."

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 20

It was the last week of May. I have three words for you: Montana, umbrella, picnic. 
"The Cosmos announced the composition of a tribunal that will be responding to Hell's challenge to Harry's ruling. The names of the members were not mentioned, but they'll have two humanoids and a panther sitting as Cosmos judges. They didn't announce when they'd be meeting or where."
"A panther?" Stu asked.
"Big black cat," Guinny explained. "Lots of teeth and claws."
"I'm familiar with the species. This could be a problem."
"Do you have something against panthers?"
"Shall we say that my family has had some interactions with Planet Panther."
"You cursed somebody important and they're out to eat you?"
"Not quite. You know about Marie and my daughter Nary?"
"A bit."
"I helped Marie get pregnant when she was barren. At the time, she was confined to a slave ranch. The slave owners decided that Marie was not in their long term plans, so they shipped her off to an island full of alligators where she was expected to die from starvation. That's where Nary was born. Marie had lost her breasts early in her confinement on the slave ranch. She'd be unable to feed Nary. I had arranged for Nary to be raised by a lactating panther. I didn't actually get permission from Planet Panther to do that. Nor did I get their permission for Marie to be able to change form into a panther. Nor did I get their permission for Nary to be able to change form into a panther. Those panthers provided the food that they needed to survive."
"How long ago was that?"
"Twenty years?" [Book #7, Nary Nary]
"That shouldn't be problem, then."
"Perhaps, but I brought Nary together with Theo, one of the Wilizy boys. Genetically, Theo is a human, but he's also a Voodoo god. They were destined to be a couple. What I didn't know was that they were also destined to mate as panthers."
"Voodoo is so sick. Panthers mating? Babies suckling off panther females. Do you people have no sense of right and wrong?"
"So, Theo and Nary had two panther cubs. Well, they didn't, but their panther bodies did."
"Where are those cubs now?"
"On Planet Panther."
"They're part human, aren't they?"
"Yes. Theo and Nary used to visit them occasionally. I set up a portal for them. They thought Planet Panther was a neighbouring astral plane, which it was in Voodoo terms. Scientifically, it was a portal."
"I'm betting that those two cubs are special."
"Yup."
"Can they tie these cubs to you?"
"Not yet. But the alpha Panther in that planet has ample powers to figure it out if she smells the Voodoo on me. You don't want to be accused of harboring a fugitive."
 "Fugitive?"
"Did I not tell you about that?"
"No, you didn't. Can I make some money by turning you in?"
"Yes, you could, but the timing on that would be tricky."
"Why?"
"The findings from this tribunal could have long term effects. Perhaps good for Heaven and Earth; perhaps bad." 
"If you're not available, we'll use Brunhilda. She has handled legal matters before."
"Do angels get premonitions about what could happen in the future?"
"We have an AI tool that gives us some insight."
"I get premonitions. Usually they're right. This tribunal has Harry under a microscope right now. His past judgments will be examined closely. If there's even a whiff of an inappropriate relationship between Harry and a senior angel, they'll pursue that with the truth ray. Do you have any skeletons that you have to hide?"
"Lillian and Joe-Joe went on trips together with Harry and his mate."
"That puts you in a bind."
"How much lawyering will be necessary?"
"That's difficult to know. It'll depend if the tribunal finds a can of worms and decide to open it or if they just rubber stamp a decision condemning Hell's actions."
"OK, you're steering me. What's your solution?"
"Winnie."
"She has no lawyer background whatsoever." 
"But she has had a lot of interactions with Hell. She knows Hell. She's had success against them. She may be able to draw on that. I can brief her on some of the legal arguments she'll need to know."
 "I thought that you didn't want to have any interactions with her in case she sensed the Stu persona."
"I'll write the brief. She won't see me."
"Do we have any other choice?"
# # # # # # # #
"We have a development," Winnie announced to her team. "Paula reported that Berith has changed bodies and is no longer a slow moving, non-swimming lizard. He's in a shark body now. Merly said that sharks are very dangerous for mermaids and she's on Earth now warning the mermaids. She wants to know if we can put a tracker into his body so they'll be alerted if he comes anywhere near them. Maddy can you do that again? I'll get the equipment from Galahad."
"It'll depend on when he leaves San Francisco again. I can't help on the weekends."
"I'll do the weekends," Karita volunteered. "Do we have any idea how long he'll search before he returns to Hell?"
"It should be about a week," Paula said. "He has been meeting with Satan fairly regularly."
"The shark body could change his schedule. He's way more mobile now. We shouldn't rely on a tracker," Meghan warned. "It could be weeks before we can install it. How much of a threat is a shark?"
"From Merly's reaction, I'd say sharks are a big threat. I'll meet her on Earth and ask. I need to know quickly because that may change our plan for the diamonds."
"Did the mermaids collect some diamonds, Winnie?"
"Yes, Cassie. Merly brought up lot of diamonds from the trenches and the other mermaids loaded them into four chests that pirates used to store their loot. They'll look like something mermaids could have found in a shipwreck."
"Where'd they find those?"
"My dad found them. I went home on the weekend and gave him a challenge. He knows the contents of every used store in two provinces. He gave them to me before I left. I'm receiving a message from Guinny that I should take. I'll reconvene the meeting when I have something to report."
 # # # # # # # #
"You want me to be Heaven's representative for Cosmos' investigation into Harry? Really? Me?"
"Yes, it might be a nothing event for us," Guinny said into her mug of hot chocolate while she obfuscated behind it. "They're bound to be looking at Harry and how he conducted that trial. You know Harry. You may be able to help him."
"I'd like to do that."
"Were there any irregularities in your relationship with Harry?"
"No. He asked me to be his agent and that's what I did. Why isn't the 17th century lawyer doing this again?"
"You have better experience with Harry. He said that there'd be a limited amount of lawyering needed. He wrote you a summary of what you might face legal-wise."
"Great. Are we done? I need to find out the relationship that sharks have with mermaids."
"Predator - prey, I believe."
"Yuh. The key question is: who's the predator? Do we have any idea when that tribunal will arrive?"
"No. You're not stressed out about meeting some bigwigs from the Cosmos, are you?"
"Nah. They all put their pants on one leg at a time."
"Not the panther rep."
"I've met panthers before. The Wilizy used panthers from an astral plane to shut down a slave ranch. Theo and Nary had something to do with that." [Bite me, #9]
"I wouldn't mention that if I were you. You're an angel. You know nothing about that."
"Of course. Are you stressing out about this, Guinny?"
Guinny ushered Winnie out of her office and said to her back, "Not at all, Winnie. This'll be a piece of cake."
# # # # # # # #
"I don't know if the ancient mermaids ever met an ancient shark, Winnie. I know the twenty of us haven't. Poseidon didn't want sharks in his oceans because they're so lethal."
"That doesn't sound good, Merly."
"I've heard stories of dolphins chasing off sharks. They attack as a group and use their blunt snouts to injure the shark."
 "How?"
"Those snouts are hard. If I were a dolphin, I'd swim as fast as I could and ram the shark with my snout. Sharks are big; big means less maneuverability. Mermaids would probably be faster and more mobile."
"What part of the shark would you attack?"
"In an ocean, everything in a battle comes down to air supply. If you have more air in your lungs, you can last longer. You don't have to break off battle suddenly and surface. At that point, you'd be vulnerable."
"I can defeat a guy way bigger than me by chopping at his throat with my hand. The side of my palm is quite hard and bony. He wouldn't be able to breathe."
"Same principle, I suppose. A dolphin would attack a shark's gills. I don't know how hard a blow I'd need to disable him."
"But you don't have a blunt snout."
"We have heads, I suppose."
"Risky. Let me think on this. Are the mermaids hiding?"
"Yes. We don't know if he can hear us or not, so we're not chattering. We really need to know where he is."
"Paula is tracking him physically. We may be able to use her as a reporting mechanism. Leave this with me."
# # # # # # # #
"Is that him below?" Winnie asked Karita who was flying with her invisibly over a big fish with a fin sticking up into the air. It's called a dorsal fin. Paula was sitting on it. 
"Are you getting wet down there, Paula?"
"A little."
"Thanks for inviting me," Karita said.
"I thought you might need to see a shark swimming."
"We can put the tracker on the dorsal fin. We don't have to wait until Berith comes back to land."
"My thought too. I'll get Galahad started on the tracker and the dart. He'll do two in case one falls out. It won't take him long. You and Maddy can work out the details."
"Tomorrow is Wednesday. Maddy will do it. I did some research on sharks. I know how they swim now. Do want to know?"
"You bet."
"A shark swings his tail sideways to generate forward moment. The faster he swings his tail, the faster he goes. Right now, he's cruising in and out of the waves. He's able to adjust the depth of his motion with his fins on the side of his body. As he swims forward, the water flows over those fins. He can adjust the angle of the fins so that he goes down or up. Wikipedia said that this fin arrangement gives sharks amazing maneuverability. They can cruise at high speeds, stop suddenly and make sharp turns in every direction. This is one of the reasons they are such effective hunters. They move more quickly and with greater control than any of their prey."
"Can they hear?"
"Yes, they have ears behind their eyes. They can track wounded prey but they can't hear long distances. 
"What about sight?"
"They can see objects up to 50 feet in front of them. A shark's sight becomes important in the kill process. It uses other sense to find the prey." 
"Such as?"
"Its strongest sense is its sense of smell. It can smell blood in the water half a mile away. It can hear heartbeats 100 yards away. Most of the time, a shark's prey doesn't even know what hit it."
"Our tracker or Paula and Cassie will take care of that. If we're going to lure him somewhere, the safest way to do that would be to put blood in the water half a mile away. Where is a shark most vulnerable?"
"Gills, eyes, and the nose. They have two blind spots if you're attacking it. One is directly in front of its snout, and the other is directly behind its head." 
"Any idea of who's faster? Shark or mermaid?"
"No idea." 
"Good report, Karita." 
"Thanks, Boss. Who gets to kill it? One of the mermaids?"
"Berith hasn't done anything to the mermaids, so if they killed him, it would be murder. Same thing for angels."
"So we have to wait for him to kill one of the mermaids first? You know that's why he's in that body."
"Yes, I know. Something has changed. Diamonds were his main interest. Now, it's dead mermaids. I'd like to know why."
"How will we get rid of Berith?"
"I'm still working on that."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 21

It was June 4 and Winnie's team was in the boardroom. "Meghan has some information on events in Hell," Winnie started the meeting. 
"This information is from my spies in Hell. After Harry ruled in Heaven's favor, Satan went on the offensive. We've seen his public tirade against Harry that he sent out of May 5. According to Satan, a secret alliance of fish planets was out to destroy humanoid planets. They've infiltrated the Cops of the Cosmos. Harry was a member. A full-scale assault on Hell was imminent. Prepare for the worst!" 
"Fear mongering," Paula said. "There's gotta be a reason."
"Yes, there is." Meghan confirmed and continued. "That news sparked a run on the retailers who sell gear for The end is nigh fanatics. That lasted a week. The shops are deserted now even though the retailers have dropped their prices and gone to We're going to die ads on the shop windows. Nobody is talking about it on the boards. Satan's message had been trending, now he's not receiving any likes at all."
"Hell has only so many fanatics and they've spent all their money?" Karita speculated. 
"I think so. But Satan remains active on the boards. Now he's reporting the construction of new theme parks, complete with casinos. That got him a lot of attention until some devils started asking questions like: Where are they? When will they open? He didn't answer. He's not trending anymore."
"He relies on trending?" Winnie asked.
"Perhaps. Just this week, he announced that the hornocracy would offer all devils free health care. He didn't receive a single happy face in response. My people have seen Berith entering the Black House every week. They tell me that he used to be a wizened old devil-geezer with stubby horns and a body that could disintegrate if he were knocked down. Now, he has bigger horns and a better body. That could only happen if Satan approved his reinvigoration. He would have had to approve the lizard body and the shark body too. Those are custom made bodies. The question is: why is Satan making these announcements? Add another question: Why is Berith so important now?" 
"Berith will murder all the mermaids," Cassie responded quickly. "He has to do that if Satan is going to keep the oceans under Hell's control." 
Paula added a refinement on that. "When that tribunal meets, Satan thinks that they'll require him to assign 1000 devils to clean up duties. They won't have to if there are no mermaids. Berth's job is to disappear the mermaids." 
"There'd be no suspicion of Hell being involved," Karita predicted. "If a shark killed a mermaid, that was just nature taking its course."
"If there is suspicion, all Satan has to say is that no devils can operate in the oceans," Maddy added.
"What if they truth ray him," Paula asked.
"He's not telling a lie," Maddy observed. "It's true that no devils can operate in the oceans." 
"Maddy's right," Winnie said. "Satan will be in the clear and Berith will be rewarded afterwards for keeping his mouth shut."
"That doesn't explain why Satan is trying to please the common devils. And it doesn't explain why Berith wants those diamonds." Meghan was also correct. 
"I'm tired of playing defense," Winnie declared. "It's not working. We're going on the attack. We've been treating Berith like an all-seeing inner pentagram devil. He's not. Cassie, he has no powers that will detect you if you aren't in the same room with him. I want you to poke your nose into every little nook and cranny in his office and his cave. Cassie will need a watch guard to warn her if some devil might walk in on her."
"I'll handle that," Meghan volunteered.
"Merly, you're going to lure Berith to a spot where he'll find a chest of diamonds. Pretend you've been scared off. I may be on assignment elsewhere. Tell Maddy what you're planning to do and she'll check your plans. Maddy, make sure that Merly's plan will work and then you can go off to your games."
"Thanks."
"Merly, after Berith has the diamonds, take all the mermaids out of smelling distance. Paula, you should stay with him. When he reaches San Francisco, I want him inside an invisible net that goes wherever he goes. If he goes back to Hell, follow him but not into the Black House. We want to know where those diamond are going. Will he deliver diamonds to Satan or will he hide them somewhere?"
 # # # # # # # #
"You are from Heaven? Where is that?" The translator chip was working great.
"We're from the edge of the Cosmos," Murray replied. "Look under the third planet of Sol in the Solar System."
"There you are. You wish a visitor pass?"
"No. We wish to give you samples of a sweet confectionary we call chocolate. We have trade agreements with many of planets in the Heracles Cluster. They thought that you might be interested."
"I wouldn't know. I'm here to issue permits."
"Who would we talk to?"
"The CEO of the planet would have to approve the initiation of any trade discussions. I will ask the appointment manager to come down to the port. You may wander around as you wish. Do not leave the port. You'll be a distraction. Your mate has feathers all over her. Are you punishing her?"
"She's not my mate; she's my boss. The feathers allow her to fly."
"Huh. Just when you think you've seen it all."
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm from the office of our CEO. I understand that you wish to begin trade negotiations for chocolate."
"Yes," Murray answered. "We have trade agreements with many of planets in the Heracles Cluster. They thought that you might be interested."
"Our office has heard from two of those planets. They have recommended you."
"So, we can meet?"
"No. Our CEO is away from the planet on Cosmos business."
"Return date?"
"Unknown."
"Could we have a visitor's pass?"
"There's little to see other than manufacturing plants and forests."
"Do you have any oceans?"
"Yes. You can't see much there either."
"We'd still like to wait."
"I will give you a two week pass."
"We will spend the evenings in our ship if you ever want to find us."
"Will you be confining your mate to the ship? She's quite different looking. You may need to protect her from some curiosity seekers."
"I am not his mate. I will not be confined in the ship and I'm perfectly capable of protecting myself," Shields stepped in. "I do thank you for considering my well being. If you wish to speak to me, you should speak to me directly."
"I can't keep up with all the cross-species couples that come though here." 
 # # # # # # # #
"That was a strange dude," Shields commented. "We should get you to an ocean."
"You told him off very nicely."
"Obviously, misogyny is alive and well throughout the Cosmos."
 # # # # # # # #
"I've been told that the tribunal members are on their way."
"Thanks, Guinny. Any idea when I'll be summoned?"
"No. They're coming in three separate ships. They may want to talk together before proceeding. How was that legal briefing I passed on to you?"
"It was surprisingly understandable."
"Any idea how to dispose of the plastic yet?"
"No."
"Any idea how to save the mermaids yet?"
"No. The red lights are still on."
"Any idea what Berith is up to?"
"Other than trying to kill mermaids and collect diamonds for some unknown reason? No."
"Any idea how to remove him?"
"No. I need to know why he is acting as he is. I hope to know this week or next. We have a full court press on him."
"What's that mean?"
"It's a basketball term."
"What's it mean?"
"I heard Lucas and Theo talking about it one time."
"But you don't know what it means."
"I was hoping you wouldn't pick up on that."
"Do you have any good news at all?"
"My boss remains very supportive of my efforts."
"Yes, she does."
 # # # # # # # #
"Winnie, I found nothing hidden in Berith's cave or business complex."
"Thanks, Cassie. That was a long shot. Devils can't leave anything valuable in their caves. Were there any signs of recent occupation?"
"No. If Berith is spending time in either location, he's incredibly neat."
"You and Meghan can join the others in San Francisco."
"OK. How's Merly's plan working?"
"Not so well. She has to bring Shark-Nose closer to San Fran. Otherwise, It will take him forever to move the diamonds to shore."
"Because he'll have to use his lizard body for that."
"Right. Sharks don't have hands"
"You're assuming that he can change from one body to the other body in the ocean?"
"That's a fairly good assumption. The problem is that neither body is suited to moving or emptying the chest he's going to find."
"Can we put the diamonds in a smaller container?"
"He'll be spooked if we do that. He'll buy the pirate chest. We know now that mermaids are definitely faster than him."
"Good to know. I wouldn't want a shark chasing me." 
"I don't think you'll have to worry about that."
"Did you know that I have dreams about being eaten alive?"
"Spirits dream?"
"I do sometimes when I'm working undercover."
"What's the dream, Cassie?"
"I'm on a devil's head and it's slippery. He shakes his head and I fall off. As I fall in front of his face, he inhales. Now I'm stuck inside his body and there's only one way out. I don't really want to go that way."
"Eeeww."
"Maddy told me that you'd say ACK."
"Maddy invented a dream that you could tell me?"
"Yeah. We thought it would get you."
"So Maddy is enlisting others to ACK me now?"
"Yeah. She figures you won't be on your guard with us."
"Us?"
"There's a bunch of us." 
"ACK."
"That was a charity ACK."
"It was still an ACK."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 22

[Narrator: The championship tournament for the Women's Baseball Professional League was in Atlanta this year from Friday June 8 to Sunday, June 10. I'll report all three games in this one chapter. Not much is happening elsewhere on Earth that you might be interested in, other than Berith seeing a pod of mermaids clustered around something on the ocean floor. He chased after them but couldn't catch them. When he went back to the something on the ocean floor, he discovered a pirate's chest full of diamonds. He is now trying to carry that chest to San Fran one painful step at a time in his iguana body. He couldn't take the chance of leaving the chest unguarded. The pod could come back and he'd never find it again. It'll take a few days for him to make it. Enjoy the baseball games.]
 # # # # # # # #
Six teams were in the pro league: Atlanta Peaches, Arizona Wildcats, Charlotte Queens, Louisville Sluggers, Nashville Oprees, and the Cuba Nationals. Cuba was seeded first in Pool A with ten wins out of ten games. Arizona was seeded first in Pool B with eight wins out of ten games. Each team would play three games. If Cuba and Arizona won their first two games, they would meet in the finals on Sunday.
It was June in Atlanta, so the games had to be scheduled carefully. The first game of each day was 7:00 am. The second game was at 10 am. The last game was at 6:00 pm. No game time was ideal. The schedulers tried to arrange for every team to have one game in the worst time slot, which was the 10:00 am start, but couldn't. As the tournament progressed, complaints about having to play in Atlanta's hot, humid and breezeless weather mounted. Charlotte would not have been much better. Nor would Nashville or Louisville. By now, the other teams had heard what had happened to the Wildcats in Cuba. Nobody would want to face those fans. Playing in the near empty ball parks in southern US was much more preferable. By the end of the tournament, all of the teams were clamoring for the league playoffs to be held in Tucson's air-conditioned stadium. The 2097 tournament was scheduled for Tucson by Sunday. Designating the Arizona Wildcats as the permanent host was under consideration. 
The Wildcats' first game was Friday at 6 pm. They faced the Nashville Oprees, a team that they had beaten easily earlier in the season. Maddy watched Cuba win their game at 10 am handily. All the Wildcats were banned from watching the game for heat reasons, although if she had been asked, Ruth wouldn't have let them watch anyway. They had Maddy scouting. The players didn't need any reminders of what Cuba had. 
 Maddy charted the Cuba game but found nothing that she could suggest. Even without the fans screaming through the game, Cuba's up tempo offense and the depth of their pitching staff were overwhelming. The Wildcats went sightseeing in Atlanta, which consisted of walking from one air conditioned building to another, or sitting in their air conditioned hotel. It was better than watching the Cubans crush a helpless opponent. 
Maddy had watched the game at 7 am too. Neither team had added any wrinkles to their game; the pitchers had the same profile. 
At 5:15, Maddy reminded them of Nashville's tendencies. Ruth followed with a quiet talk of her own, and they took the field at 5:30 for warm-up. The league did not have any restrictions on pitch counts or how many games a pitcher could play. This was professional ball. If you had an overpowering pitcher, you used her. Maureen was the scheduled catcher in this game; their second best pitcher would start. 
Ruth subbed pitchers in the 4th inning and again in the 7th. Maureen sat in the 7th so that Ruth could play. All players got into the game. Score was 15-3. 
The team had a late meal and then bedded down. They'd be playing at 7 am on Saturday. Maddy and Maureen were bunking together as they had done the entire season. Maureen raised an eyebrow; Maddy shook her head negatively. Cuba remained unbeatable.
 # # # # # # # #
Saturday: The 7 am start was actually tolerable. The Wildcats were playing Nashville, which they had defeated by three runs and then by five runs earlier in the season. Ruth started their second best pitcher and their third best catcher was behind the plate. She was normally at first base, but she was also a solid catcher and had played there regularly during the season. Maureen took the mound in the 4th inning and tested all of her pitches except the knuckleball since the Cuban coaches were in the stands. She left in the 7th. Their second best pitcher closed out the game. Score was 8-2. 
All of Maddy's scouting notes about the Oprees were still true. The best example was a three run homer by Left Field who knew that a pitch high and inside was coming. Tanya Lee started three double plays to snuff out any chances the Oprees might have had in the first three innings. To this point, she had hit safely in every at bat. Her teammates were being very careful not to mention this to her. Baseball is full of superstitions.
Maddy scouted the Cuban's game at 7 pm. Her intention was to look solely at the interaction between the pitcher and catcher. This was key to their up tempo game. The game was over at 9:45. Actually, the game was over after the third inning. The Cuban ace pitched only three innings, as did their second best pitcher. The score was 17 -2. The Louisville Sluggers and their coaches were not impressed. The pro league didn't have a mercy rule, but it did have conventions. When you're that far ahead, you don't steal bases, you don't bunt to advance a runner, and the bench stays quiet. The Cubans went 0 for 3 on those conventions.
Maddy entered her bedroom at 9:52 and went to her spare suitcase where she had stored all of her charts. She grabbed the suitcase and hustled to the door. Turning, she saw Maureen sitting in the bed, leaning against the headboard, a tablet on her knees, and a question mark in her eyebrows. 
"Perhaps," Maddy said. "I'll be downstairs. Don't wait up."
 # # # # # # # #
The Wildcats were supposed to arrive at the dining room by 5:45 am. They would go through the cafeteria's line up, carefully select what they wanted to eat, and then sit down on their side of the cafeteria. The Cubans would be doing the same but on the other side. 
Instead, the Wildcats found Ruth directing them to pick up their food, leave the cafeteria and turn left. They'd eat in a boardroom where Maddy had set up shop. As the players entered, she had her head down and was scribbling madly on some papers. When she had finished, she checked those papers with the charts that she had already completed. Satisfied, she told Ruth who was watching from one of tables being used to eat. "I'm ready."
So were the players.
"Cuba's up tempo game is one of their biggest strengths," Maddy started. "We had a lot of trouble with it, as did the two teams they faced in this tournament. The interaction between pitcher and catcher looks normal, but it's not. Here's what you'll see in a game against Cuba."
"The catcher is standing and throws the ball to the pitcher."
"Then, she squats."
"Then she puts her hands on her knees to settle in. All catchers do this."
"She puts her left hand between her knees and flashes the sign."
"After flashing the sign, she brings her left hand back to her mitt to stabilize it. At that point, the ball arrives. It shouldn't be coming that quickly. That's how they get their up tempo game."
"I knew what was happening in Cuba. We all did. I didn't know how they did it. In last night's Cuban game, I focused entirely on what the pitcher was doing, not what the catcher was doing. I saw her placing her hand in her glove and putting her fingers where they had to be. She was doing this, BEFORE the catcher flashed her the sign. That's why the ball arrives so early. She knows ahead of time what the pitch will be. She starts to deliver it as the catcher flashes the sign." 
"Is this illegal, Coach?" Center Field asked.
"Not under the current rules," Ruth growled ominously. "How do they know what pitch to throw, Maddy."
"That's what took me so long to figure out. I had four full game charts, two from Cuba, and two from this tournament. These charts showed what pitches they used and in what order. What I'm going to tell you now is hard to believe but it is absolutely correct. All four of my charts proved that."
"The Cubans have created a never-ending thirty-pitch sequence. After you pitch #30, you go back to #1. If an inning ends on pitch #14, it starts the next inning with #15. They created two of these thirty-pitch sequences in case somebody became curious. After the first pitch, I'll know which thirty pitch sequence they'll be using."
"So all of our batters will know what pitches to expect and in what order before they come to the plate?" Maureen asked.
"Yes. I have the sequences here," Maddy said and waved two papers at them. "Coach can figure out how to tell the batters what they can expect. It'll depend on how many pitches the previous batter saw."
"The coaching staff will work that out," Ruth informed. [She had had a ten-minute advance notice of Maddy's scouting report that morning.] "You'll have to memorize a sequence, but that should be doable. Nothing is stopping a batter from coming back to the dugout for a different bat."
"Knowing what pitches we'll see seems kind of dirty," Second Base admitted.
"It is dirty," Ruth said. "Baseball is not supposed to be played this way. But letting Cuba get away with this is not in baseball's best interests either."
"What if we played the game properly and then accused them afterwards," Second Base again.
"We'd never be able to prove what they were doing," Tanya pointed out. "This is their second year they've been in the league and they probably did this last year. Do we just say? You've been bad girls. Don't do it again. They'll find another way outside of the rules to win. Cheaters always cheat. We have a chance to expose them. We might not have another chance."
"If we win, and the league finds out, they could take our medal away," Right Field worried.
"I don't care about medals," Maureen started. "I want this league to play proper baseball. I won't play otherwise. If we lose a medal, I don't care. A medal is nothing. What's important for us to do now is expose what the Cubans are doing. I'd bet'cha anything that the players don't like what they're doing. Their coaches will be behind this."
"All coaches suck," Trudy added to the mix and that brought a laugh seeing as how Ruth was her mom. 
 "How about I tell the tournament organizers what Maddy found, what we'll be doing about it, and why?" Ruth suggested. 
 # # # # # # # #
Both teams were starting their aces. Cuba had their best pitcher (#3) on the mound, and Arizona was starting Maureen. Arizona was home team.
The championship game looked very normal when it started. With one exception. All the members of the Louisville Sluggers were sitting behind the Wildcats' bench on the 3rd base line. They weren't due to play until 7 pm. Something must have motivated them to get up early and sit on hard benches for over two hours.
Maureen's half of the inning didn't take long. Three up and three down. Guess who had never seen a knuckle ball before. 
Tanya led off the Wildcat' half of the inning. After the first pitch, she advised the ref that she needed another bat. This happens all the time. Batgirls make mistakes.
On the third pitch, Tanya crushed one of her favorite pitches - a fastball down and outside. Her line drive over first bounced twice in fair territory and rolled into the corner. Tanya ended up on third. 
Second batter did the same thing but over third base. One run in, runner on second.
Third batter hit a towering fly ball that looked like it had the legs but didn't. One run in, one out, runner on third.
Fourth batter (Maureen) saw a high fastball coming when it was supposed to be coming and hit a home run over the left field wall and into the grass behind the bleachers. This ball looked like it would never come down. Three runs in, one out, nobody on base. 
At this point, the Cuban coach had a meeting on the mound. Anybody within hearing distance, (namely, everybody in the near empty stadium) might think that he was unhappy with #3 and believed that demeaning her in public would help her performance.
Given what had just happened, fifth batter automatically knew what to do. She laid down a squirmy bunt that #3 bobbled. One runner on base; one new pitcher on the mound. 
With the bottom of the Wildcat's batting order up, Cuba's new pitcher managed to survive the inning. Just because the Wildcat's knew what pitch was coming didn't mean that they were guaranteed a hit. Cuba had a good defensive team. At the end of the first inning, Wildcats led 3-0. 
 # # # # # # # #
At the top of the second inning, Maureen saw the fourth, fifth and sixth hitters in the Cuban line-up. She didn't see them for long. Again, Ruth worked in lots of knuckleballs. 
At the bottom of the second, Wildcat's ninth batter hit a single over the second base. Top of the order now. The Cuban coach knew that Tanya like to push the ball to right field. He shifted his outfield accordingly. Tanya thought thank you very much, waited for the third pitch which was an inside curve, and punched the ball to the corner of left field. The left fielder was covering center field. By the time that she fielded the ball, Tanya was rounding second and on her way to third. The short stop was out of position for the relay and Tanya slid across home plate head first with an inside-the-park home run. Her first ever home run. The team had an exuberant welcome for her and she eventually was allowed to sit down in her normal place. The stands, which now contained members of two other teams sitting behind the Wildcats' dugout whooped and hollered. Two runs in, nobody out, nobody on base.
Wildcat batter #2 in the line up hit a line drive down the first base line. First Base made a splendid play. One out. Batter #3 hit a double into the gap between center and left and ended up on second. Maureen fouled a few pitches off until the pitcher gave her the ball she was waiting for. A high fastball. This was same pitch that she had crushed before. No pitcher in her right mind would have given her that pitch again. The Cuba pitcher did what she was supposed to do. The ball ended up in the same place. Four runs were now in, one out, and nobody on base. 
The Cuban coach came to the mound and helped his second pitcher with her self-esteem. Wildcat's #5 batter did what everybody expected in such circumstances. Even the Cuban pitcher knew what was coming. The fifth in the line up laid down a squirmy bunt, which forced the pitcher to move to her left, turn, and fire a strike to first base. In theory. In her haste, the Cuban pitcher booted the ball to the short stop. Coach came onto the field and berated her all the way to the dugout. 
A lefty, #14, came in to pitch and couldn't warm up much. Her first pitch to #6 was supposed to be a curve ball down low. In this case, it was very low and very away. By the time that the catcher chased it down, the runner on first had advanced to second. The second pitch bounced in the dirt and the catcher got some more exercise. Runner on third now. Catcher and pitcher met at the mound. They appeared to argue. It looked like the catcher won. But wait. Pitcher shook off the sign. She shook it off again. The next pitch was supposed to be a fastball inside. She shook it off again. Catcher went to the mound and laid down the law. Pitcher threw a fastball down the middle, which the Wildcat batter parked in the left field stands. Seven runs were now in. Only one out. 
Batter #7 got on base with a single over first base. Lefty then got two tough outs from solid defense. At the bottom of the second, the score was 10 - 0 and the Cuban dugout was in disarray. Players were in face-to-face yelling matches with coaches. Gloves were being slammed into walls. The umps had to enter the dugout to restart the game. 
 # # # # # # # #
Top of the 3rd. Ruth knew that the Cubans Maureen would face had not seen the knuckleball yet. Seeing it from the bench is not the same as seeing it from the plate. Three up and three down. 
Bottom of the 3rd. Wildcats would have the top of the order at bat. Tanya hit a single to left. Batter #2 hit a single to center. Batter #3 hit a single to right. Maureen came to the plate with two home runs to her credit and the bases loaded. Both of her home runs were off high hard fastballs. Maureen knew that the third pitch she'd see was the high hard fastball. So did the opposing pitcher, opposing catcher and probably most of the Cuban players on the bench and in the field.
Lefty gave Maureen the designated first pitch, which was a slider outside. Maureen watched it miss. Leftie gave her a palm ball, which dropped like it was supposed to. Maureen watched it miss. 
Leftie tried to shake off the call for the third pitch. Coach yelled at her from the bench. Leftie turned and rubbed the ball. When she turned back, she saw Maureen in the Babe Ruth pose. 
Babe Ruth was a famous ball player from early in the 1900s. He was prodigious home run hitter with 714 four baggers to his credit. That record lasted a very long time. In one game in the 1932 world series, Babe Ruth came to the plate and pointed his finger at the center field wall, indicating that's where he was going to hit the next pitch. And he did.
Maureen was standing at the plate now, pointing to the spot where she had already driven the ball twice. Leftie knew what Maureen would do to the pitch that she had to give her. The bases were loaded. The game would be 14 to 0 with only two innings gone. Lefty left the mound, walked up to Maureen, and handed her the ball. 
"Do you know our pitch sequence?" she asked in a heavy Spanish accent.
"Yes," Maureen said. 
"We all hated it. We knew it was wrong. We didn't have any choice." Then she motioned the players on the field and in the dugout to line up behind her.
Maureen motioned the Wildcats to line up behind her. Then they went through the game over routine. The Cuban coaching staff left the dugout and went back to the changing rooms. The Wildcat coaches joined the end of their players' line. The tournament organizers came to the Wildcat dugout and waited. Somebody would have to make some decisions. Somebody in the Cuban locker room would be making some decisions too. 
 # # # # # # # #
"I was looking for you," Maureen said as Maddy entered their hotel room. "What were you doing?"
"Wandering around. Killing time. I just want to go home."
[Actually, Maddy had been in the Cuban locker room.]
"Did you sleep at all last night?"
"No. I'll sleep on the way home. Is it all sorted out now?"
 "Yeah. It didn't too long. Ruth was very forceful."
"You were there?"
"Tanya and I were elected as co-captains and were there to represent the team."
"Congrats."
"That's what I get for opening my big yap in the pre-game."
"I liked what you said. Tanya too. What did they decide?"
"Cuba was disqualified for unsportsmanlike behavior. All four games that they played were wiped from the books. Since we defeated the other three teams, we were declared the tourney champion. Ruth has some ribbons. We'll have a team party some time."
"Unsportsmanlike behavior sounds kind of wishy-washy for what they did."
"There'll be a new rule next season. The catcher must be firmly set before the pitcher can release the ball. It'll be phrased as a safety issue."
"Goodbye up-tempo game."
"Exactly. They don't want the league to receive a lot of bad press. They're having enough trouble fielding teams as it is." 
"Is Cuba kicked out?"
"They're not allowed back into the league automatically. They'll have to apply."
"I saw the team when they left the hotel and walked to the copter pads," Maddy said. "They had six guys in black suits accompanying them."
"Like the same guys who were watching us on the beach?"
"Yeah. I hope the players don't get into trouble. They were just doing what they were told to do."
"Until they refused. I bet that didn't go over too well."
[It didn't. In the locker room, #14 was surrounded by the coaches yelling at her. She was the captain; she shouldn't have quit, etc. On the way to the copter, she had two secret policemen holding her elbows. If she had been on her own, Maddy would have followed their copter.]
"If #14 gets in deep trouble, do you think it would be my fault?" Maddy asked.
"Nonsense. It's not a detective's fault when he catches a crook."
"Detective?"
"That's kind of what you did, Maddy. You were like a detective going after the truth when you figured out how the Cubans were cheating. Same thing when you're charting. You're like a detective searching for hidden secrets. Some of the other coaches in the league didn't like you charting them. They said it should be against the rules." 
"Are they going to kick me out?"
"The Tennessee coach wanted to. Ruth shot him down. She said scouting and charting has been part of baseball since forever. The other coaches agreed with Ruth. All of them look for pitcher tells. Charting is no different. We should go. The copter will be waiting."
"I gotta get some sleep."
 # # # # # # # #
It was a strange dream. Maddy was in a devil body running down a dark hallway, sticking her head through doors looking for #14. The doors had little peepholes in them. Prison of some kind. As she reached the end of the hall, the PA in the prison started to call her name. "Maddy."
Her cover had been blown! They knew she was here!
"Maddy, We're almost home. Wake up."
Maddy opened her eyes and found herself looking at a lot of blonde hair. Maureen's hair. "I had the strangest dream."
"I felt you twitching."
Maddy pulled her head away. She had been sleeping on a pillow that was on Maureen's shoulder. Maddy's right arm was wrapped around Maureen's waist. Her head had almost been lying on Maureen's... "I invaded your personal space," she said and pulled away. "I'm sorry."
"Don't be silly. I put your arm around me. You couldn't get comfortable. We're ten minutes away from the university. What was your dream about?"
"I was running." [Notice that she didn't mention the devil body or the prison.]
 "I was thinking as I watched you sleep."
"Was I drooling?"
"No. I was thinking that I have to go back home soon. It's the time of the year when I sign papers. I want to visit Nana, but we don't have a lot to talk about. I go horseback riding and hiking by myself. It's kind of lonely. I was wondering. Do you like to ride horses?"
"My cousin and I used to ride on... big dogs. We'd have races. It was super fun."
"Horses like to race. We'd have to find some open fields. That shouldn't be hard."
"How long?"
"I don't know. I have to plan our first basketball camp that's scheduled for first week of July. Tanya has a boyfriend. She wants to spend quality time with him. She said I could plan whatever I wanted. You could help me plan."
"Tanya has quality time?"
"It means they'll be sleeping together. I'm happy for her. I've met him. He's nice."
"What age group do you have first?"
"U-12."
"Raw beginners?"
"Some. But the camp is expensive, so we'll have quality dedicated athletes too."
"I might have a few ideas. Tanya's dad had some good drills."
"So, you'll come?"
"Sure."
"I'll let Jill know. She'll prepare a bedroom for you. Audrey is coming to her own age group camp."
"I haven't seen her for a long time."
"Don't say anything about Tanya's quality time. Her boy friend is not Chinese. Tanya said that her mother wouldn't like that."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 23

"I heard that the tribunal members had arrived," Lillian said. She, Joe-Joe and Winnie were in Joe-Joe's workshop. It was Thursday, June 14, a few days after the baseball tournament had ended prematurely. 
Winnie responded. "Galahad told me that three ships announced their pending arrival separately on Wednesday and they showed up today. They must have timed their departure so that they'd arrive at about the same time. I still don't know what planets they've come from. Do you guys know anything about tribunals?"
"Nothing," Joe-Joe answered. "It's possible they won't identify their home planet. Harry would know, but we can't ask him."
"Galahad said that they've docked air-lock to air-lock to air-lock with Harry's Enterprise.3."
"They'll need some time to work out what the process will be. Then, they'll have to talk with whomever is in charge of the Enterprise.3 to work out meeting arrangements. Depending on what kind of atmosphere they need, they might have virtual meetings."
"How do you know this, Lillian?"
"It's standard committee procedures. Tell me what you know about them again."
"There are three members: two humanoids and one panther."
"The panther rep may not be able to meet in the Enterprise.3. If so, it'll be a virtual meeting," Joe-Joe with the conclusion. "I saw that one of the ships was very large. This suggests that one of the members is large too."
"You saw?"
"I had to do a surprise inspection to ascertain readiness of our fleet."
"Will they be meeting in the usual boardroom?"
"Almost certainly," Lillian predicted. "Heaven's and Hell's portals link directly into that room. They're not going to change that. You'll be allowed some degree of physical movement inside the Enterprise.3 but I doubt you'll be able to leave the ship. Your communications will be limited but you'll be able to talk with me. Joe-Joe, don't you have a squeegee or something that needs oiling?"
"I do now."
...
"We'll need some code words so that we can talk obliquely about your mermaid operation if you need to. Bring me up to speed."
"We found a way to galvanize Berith into action other than hunting for mermaids to kill."
"Can you prove that he's intending to do that?"
"No. That's not my prime objective anyway. I want him gone. I don't want his wrist to be slapped. We dropped some diamonds in front of him and he responded. It took him days, but he managed to walk them into San Francisco. We had a tight net around him and he led us to an abandoned bank and its vault. He can walk through the walls, but so can Cassie. He left the diamonds inside the vault and then left. "
"Did he return to Hell?"
"No. He assumed his lizard body, rummaged through a submerged hardware store, found a bucket that he could fasten to his lizard head, and then went back to the oceans. He'll use the bucket to transport the diamonds back here without straining his body. He left San Fran this morning."
"You can control how long he's away by delaying his next discovery."
"Exactly. When he returns, I'll have the vault's interior covered with drones."
"Do you know why he's collecting diamonds?"
"Not yet. But, whatever secrets he has, he's not keeping records in Hell. We did a thorough search. I'm guessing that he has some secrets in that bank vault."
"I'd say that's a 100% guarantee." 
"What do you know that I don't know?"
"The flashing red lights on all of the mermaids turned green this afternoon. Probably about the time you made the plan to drone the vault."
"I haven't been looking at them. I don't want the lights to influence what I do."
"Admirable restraint."
"How many red lights do I have still flashing?"
"I thought you weren't looking at them."
"I'm not. You are."
"Two flashing reds."
...
"Are you OK?"
"I thought Maddy and Maureen's threat was Cuba-based but the timing was all off. How far off are those lights now?"
"Two days. Perhaps three."
"I'll probably be locked inside the Enterprise.3."
"I won't be."
"I thought we couldn’t influence the future."
"Preparing properly for unexpected surprises is standard for any strategist. Let's talk about code words." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Guys, I've put drones on the streets that Berith has to walk, the interior of the bank, and the interior of the vault. These will clearly show that Berith was operating on Earth, which Inner Pentagram angels are not allowed to do without permission from Heaven."
"Paula, you're in charge while I'm tied up. What we don't know is when we'll want Berith coming into the vault. I don't want to take a chance of not being able to record him in the bank vault. Let him find some diamonds tomorrow or the next day. Are we done searching the bank and its surroundings?" 
"I haven't searched the bank's interior yet," Cassie said. "There's nothing special in the vault."
"OK, Cassie will do one final sweep and then we're all good to go."
"Will you need me at all, Winnie?"
"I don't think so, Maddy. Nobody will be in any danger here."
[There. I didn't influence and I didn't ask her where she will be two or three days from now. I have to remember that Maddy can handle herself. I must not MEDDLE!] 

Back to the Table of Contents

Chapter 24 

"Winnie, we've heard from the tribunal. They'll be here for three to five days, which makes it from today to possibly Tuesday. They want you to appear this afternoon."
"Oh goodie."
"Joe-Joe and I don't understand why they need so much time. I would have thought an afternoon under the truth ray would have done it."
"I'll be happy to have my stint first. Paula told me that Berith will be in San Fran tomorrow."
"Even if we don't learn what his motivations were, he's still guilty of trying to kill the mermaids."
"Not if the tribunal finds that Harry ruled improperly."
 # # # # # # # #
The room was a sterile rectangular box. A simple meeting table sat in the middle of the box. A humanoid figure sat in a comfortable chair on one side of the table. A large screen was situated on either side of him or her. The chair on the other side of the table was unoccupied. The door on that side of the table opened and an angel walked in. She stopped to look at the room.
The humanoid figure stood. "Princess Guinevere?"
"Yes."
"My name is Zale Zilio. I am the chairperson of the tribunal that will be looking into the difficulties that Heaven and Hell have had recently."
Winnie heard a feminine voice. She saw a humanoid figure whose height was approaching her own angelic height. Only two things were unusual. The figure had a pink face and there were no overt signs of gender. The entire body was covered with what looked to be a dark brown leather skin. 
"Please sit. Make yourself comfortable. Do you wish to have any nutritional needs at the table?" 
"I'm fine for now, thank you," Winnie said while sitting. She sat on the edge of the chair, hitched her wings on the back of the chair, squirmed a bit to get them out of the way, and sat back.
"That chair is uncomfortable for you?"
"This is the same kind of human chair that is on Earth and in Heaven. They aren't designed for angels. We're used to being uncomfortable." 
"May I introduce the tribunal member to my right."
The screen lit up and displayed the left nostril of a black face.
"We haven't had the opportunity to adjust the settings of these cameras. Zoom back, Kyty. More. More. More. Good. May I introduce Kyty Lytr? As you can see, she's a panther. Kyty, this is Princess Guinevere from Heaven."
The panther purred. Winnie heard Pleased to meet you from her translation chip.
"Are you familiar with the panther species, Princess?"
"Call me Winnie. Would you mind if I saw Kyty's full body, perhaps walking?"
"Kyty?"
The camera zoomed back and the panther lifted herself off a giant cushion, circled the cushion, and settled back down.
"Yes, I'm familiar with the species."
"We'll need a giant zoom out for our next member." 
...
"May I introduce Ho-Ho-Ho. That's not his real name, but that's how he wants to be called."
"Ho-Ho-Ho."
"You're a giant!"
"I am."
"You look like a jolly green giant."
"I am jolly and I'm green and I'm a giant, so yes. Fear not though. Some giants have the reputation of eating humans and grinding their bones. I'm a vegetarian."
"I bet you grow a lot of corn, peas, and mixed vegetables."
"Yes. They are some of our most profitable exports. How'd you know?"
"Lucky guess. What about green beans?"
"Hardly anybody in the Cosmos likes green beans. Hell is one of our few importers."
 # # # # # # # #
The formal part of the meeting was now starting. Zale took care of the questioning; Winnie took care of the answering. The other two judges watched and listened. 
"We have learned that Hell accused Heaven of breaking the Heaven/Hell treaty by accepting trained and dangerous marine-based militia from Poseidon and placing them in military bases in Earth's oceans. The local Cop of the Cosmos, Harry, held an official investigation and ruled on it. We have read the transcript of that hearing. We also have read the most recent Heaven/Hell treaty. We have read Hell's accusation that Harry was a member of a piscatorial alliance, which is a secret terrorist network dedicated to overthrowing the humanoid planets of the Cosmos. We are here because of that accusation." 
Winnie nodded.
"I gather that you were not involved in the initial trial."
"No. I'm not a lawyer."
"Why are you here now?"
"I'm very familiar with Hell. My superiors felt that my insight would be more important than any legal skills that might be needed. From my perspective, the legal case against Hell was straightforward. Hell's counter claims were the ravings of somebody divorced from reality. If you need to know the reality of Hell, that's what I can give you. May I speak frankly?" 
"Of course."
"I can't believe that you're investigating Harry."
"You knew Harry?"
"Yes. Not as a friend, but as a person who sat in this room and represented Heaven when he was mediating. Plus, I helped Harry out on a concern that he had. He made me his agent, and that assignment was done by the book."
"So you liked him?"
"I didn't like or dislike him. I respected him because he was fair. And, he cared. Why are we speaking of Harry in the past tense?"
 "Do you think it's wrong for us to hold this hearing?"
"If you're judging him, I think that Harry is being badly treated. I also believe that you are making a tremendous mistake in taking Hell's accusations seriously."
"Why don't you expand on that?"
Why don't I put my neck under the sharp guillotine? Somebody has to say something, Winnie. Stay cool. 
"What you're doing doesn't make any sense, from a Cosmos judicial perspective. One of your Cops has been accused of charges that have no substance in fact. When you let one of your Cops be accused like this, you are opening the door to other accusations. You are acknowledging that your cops might make mistakes. You're encouraging more ridiculous attempts to escape justice."
"Go on."
"What's going to happens if you don't support his finding? Every ruling that he ever made would have to be reviewed. Do you really want to do that on the basis of some spurious charges?" 
"Go on." 
"The whole idea of allowing people to make personal bigoted accusations as a way to appeal the case to a higher court is fraught with danger. If they lose at the second court, why not appeal to a third. If they lose at the third, why not go to the fourth? The whole judicial system bogs down. Soon, nobody will accept the outcome of the first court when they know that personal accusations of prejudice will work. How can a judge who's a member of the same species as one of the parties prove that he wasn't biased?"
"Would you like to walk around a bit?" 
"Yes. I'll take that water now."
"Let's take a brief recess."
 # # # # # # # #
"Feeling better?"
"I get wound up when I see injustice. Some times I say too much."
"I knew a man from a humanoid planet. He was the Chief Justice of that planet. Like you, he wanted justice. He knew that there were forces in his planet that were deliberately working to undermine the planet's good reputation for fact-based law. In his rulings, he wrote eloquently of the dangers of too many appeals and not enough rejections of concocted conspiracy theories. I read some of his rulings. He asked the questions you asked. He painted the same picture that you painted. His planet didn't listen."
"What happened to him?"
"He disappeared. Suddenly. Personally, I suspect that he was taken by surprise and killed. After he disappeared, his planet went to the dark side, so to speak. Everything that this justice had said would happen, happened. What you said to us is true."
"Isn't it just common sense?"
"Sadly, common sense isn't so common any more."
"You know about the dark side and Star Wars?"
"Doesn't everybody? Bootlegged copies of it are all over the Cosmos." 
"You sound like Yoda."
"The greatest teacher, failure is. That has happened to me. How about you?"
"Me too. Just this year. You know, the Star Wars series was made on Earth."
"Really?"
"Absolutely."
"Any chance of seeing where it was made?"
"It's underwater now."
"Tell us about this climate change and water pollution problem you're facing."
"I can do more than that."
 # # # # # # # #
"You can fly not only in your angel body, but also in your mortal body."
"I can fly a plane in my mortal body. I must not appear on Earth in my angelic body where I might be seen. I use this plane when I'm on Earth."
"You got to it quickly enough."
"We use what we call portals. They give instantaneous travel just like travelling from Heaven to the Enterprise.3. I was holding your hand so that's why you were able to go through the portal with me. I wouldn't have been able to fit either of your colleagues on the plane. Are you sure that they're alright with this?"
"They'll see through my eyes."
...
"We're over an ocean now. I'll go lower so you can see the plastic."
"It's endless. I can barely see the water."
"That's what it's like everywhere."
"You say that Hell put the plastic here."
"No. Humans caused the plastic to be here. Humans knew that we were losing our ozone layer, but didn't stop it. Humans knew that the oceans would rise and flood our cities, but didn't stop that. Hell was better at convincing them that climate change was a hoax than Heaven was in persuading them that we were facing an environmental crisis."
"So, Heaven is complicit in that crisis."
"In our failure, yes. This all came at a time when we had insufficient angelic resources to fight back. That changed when Hell agreed to change the formula for determining how many agents each of us could have in the field."
"They agreed because they felt guilty?"
"Devils don't feel guilt. They agreed because we gave them no other choice. A senior devil was trying to take over Hell. He was doing this from Earth. Senior devils are not allowed on Earth without permission. This devil never asked. We wouldn't have agreed because he was trying to take over Hell."
"How would he do that from Earth?"
"Hell was facing bankruptcy that this devil had created by stealing of Hell's gold reserves. Satan wanted to bring an army of devils onto earth. We refused permission because devils are mostly dumb and they'd be seen by humans and that would be disastrous. We offered to find the devil for them. We found him. He wouldn't give himself up. We did what Satan gave us permission to do. But, we couldn't find the gold that the devil had hidden. A mortal found the gold. Satan had to agree to what the mortal demanded. That's why there's a clause in the treaty that Hell can't threaten the sanctity of Earth's atmosphere, land, and resources by preventing mortals from saving the planet. Harry ruled that he broke that treaty with their attempts to kill the mermaids. Mermaids are key to the renewal of the oceans. It seems very clear to me."
"When you said that Heaven did this and that, did you mean you?"
"I had a good team."
"When you were going through climate change, would Hell have let the planet die?"
"Heaven believed so. Hell caused Earth to suffer through about fifty years of near extinction because they prevented Earth's scientists from convincing the world that Earth was facing a huge threat. You need to know that Hall has no natural limits on what they'll do. That's why we have to have a treaty. That's why they shouldn't get away with breaking it. Harry knew that and acted correctly, in my opinion."
"Why would they want the planet to die?"
"You should ask them."
"We're having a tour of Hell tomorrow. I will."
...
"Would you like to meet the mermaids? They are their own people, you know. They came to Earth willingly. They want to clean the oceans so that they can raise their families in peace. If you're going to talk with Hell, you should talk with the Mermaid Nation too."
"Can you arrange that?"
"They're on that island below us."
"Did you pre-plan this?"
"No. I sent a few messages while we were flying."
 # # # # # # # #
"The mermaid queen is very impressive. She said that mermaids came from an ancient civilization of mermaids."
"That's what we believe. We can't prove it though."
"We?"
"Merly and I have worked closely together on some joint operations. Where would you like to go now?"
"Back to the Enterprise.3, I think."
...
"I haven't been trying to influence your judgment. I hope you don't think that I was."
"You were giving us information, which is something we need to do our job. However, as per the restrictions of the hearing that we're holding, you are not allowed to leave the Enterprise.3 or communicate with anybody until we have finished."
...
"I made a mistake. I communicated with the mermaids. I forgot. All I did was arrange a meeting. I didn't disclose anything that was a secret."
"I know." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 25 

Saturday morning. Winnie awoke in the guest cabin in the Enterprise.3. Zale had shown her how to find the various necessities, like food and water, Friday night. The cabin computer had a large catalog of oldy-moldies including the Star Wars series. She settled in for a restful day doing nothing while Zale was touring Hell.
 # # # # # # # #
"Maureen, what's wrong?" 
Maddy knew that something was wrong because Maureen had a stricken look on her face and was trying to wipe away some tears with a suit case. Her other hand was clutching a second suitcase. 
"Jill just contacted me. Nana had a stroke last night. They brought a doctor to the house and he said it was a mild stroke but the next two days would tell him if it was more than that. He set up some intravenous equipment and a heart monitor. Jill said that she's familiar with the equipment. She can take care of her, if I can't get there. I have to go, Maddy."
"I don't mind postponing."
"No. I want you to come with me. I'm not thinking too clearly right now."
That was easily verified. In addition to the suitcase hankies, Maureen had put her shoes on the wrong feet. 
"I'll come with you."
"Jill was hoping you would. She'll pick us up at the stadium copter pad in half an hour."
"Maureen, we have plenty of time. Sit down here on the sofa. You can put your suitcases down now. Take your shoes off and lie down. A mild stroke doesn't sound scary at all." 
 # # # # # # # #
"I'm Jill, you must be Maddy."
"How is Nana, Jill?"
"She's sleeping, Maureen. Les is watching her."
"Good to meet you, Jill. The suitcases are stored in the copter and I'm buckled in. Maureen, we're ready to go now."
"Where'd my suit cases go, Maddy?"
"I packed them away. Come and sit with me."
...
"Is she buckled in back there, Maddy?"
"We're good."
 # # # # # # # #
With ten minutes to go to landing, Jill turned her head to see the back seat. Maureen's head was resting on Maddy's jacket, which was on her shoulder serving as a pillow. Maureen had her right arm around Maddy's waist. Jill couldn't help but think: 
They've done this before. If Maureen's head slips any further, they might as well get a room. I've always wondered about her lack of interest in boys. That's what you get for raising her as a tomboy. Les was right about her sexuality. He was right about inviting her lover too.
 # # # # # # # #
"You should have something to eat, Maureen. You too, Maddy."
"I'm not hungry. You go, Maddy."
"The heart monitor will beep if anything changes."
...
"One sandwich is all I need, thanks Jill. Maureen said you were a nurse of some kind."
"Nurse practitioner."
"What's that mean?"
"I can work without a doctor present on minor issues. For this, we called in a doctor. He brought the equipment and set it up. I know how to interpret the monitor reading and change the IV."
"Is she really sleeping? I noticed that she's not moving at all. This sandwich is good."
"I specialize in sandwiches. When we are working at the mine, we don't want to come back here for lunch. Maureen's Nana is sedated. Her body has been hurt. It needs time to recover. Tossing and turning in bed would not be healthy for her."
"What's a stroke?" 
"It's what happens when blood to the brain is interrupted. She complained about a headache, which is a common symptom. Of course, people get headaches all the time. When she said she was having difficultly seeing out of her left eye, I called the doctor immediately and suggested that she was having a stroke. He was here quickly and concurred with my diagnosis. He said the stroke was mild and she'd be fine. She'd have to avoid strenuous activity. Her heart would be too weak to manage that."
"Did he do anything else to confirm?"
"Like what?"
"I dunno."
"He listened to her heart of course. A stroke is very common for women her age. He's a good doctor. How long have you known Maureen?"
 # # # # # # # #
"You don't have to stay by her bedside all the time, Maureen," Jill said.
"I'm holding her hand. I heard that people in a coma will feel the touch."
"She's not in a coma. She's fully sedated. She can't feel a thing."
"Still, I'll stay here."
"Les and I wanted to ask you for your opinion on some mining business when you came up for our regular meeting. Why don't I ask you that now? It'll take your mind off Nana."
"What business?"
"It's family business. Perhaps Maddy could step outside?"
"Maddy knows about our business."
Of course, she does. Lovers share everything. "Les and I have been digging in the mine and we found a strange formation. We were not around when your parents found the initial formation. This might be good news. We might be able to keep the mine operating."
"I never saw the initial formation either."
"But you know way more about mining than Les and I do. Could you go up to the mine, take a look, and tell us what you think? Take Maddy for company. You'll have more than enough light for you to go up and come back before dark. Plus, the exercise will do both of you good. It'll take your mind of things here. I'll watch Nana for you."
Maureen put Nana's right hand down and stood up. "I did promise you a horseback ride, Maddy. What do you think?"
Maddy stood up too and took Nanny's right hand in hers. Then she started rubbing it. "Her hand looked blue to me. It feels cold. So does her wrist. Does that mean that her hand isn't getting enough blood?" 
"No. It only means that we should put both of her hands under the blankets now. I'll take care of that. Remember, she's not moving around, so the blood isn't circulating properly. You guys go ahead. Maddy, have you ridden before?"
"Not horses. All I know is which end to face."
"That's a good start."
 # # # # # # # #
"We keep all the mining equipment here in the storage shack."
"It's very big."
"You lose too much time if you have to go back to the house to get equipment. We tried to think of everything that we might ever need and keep it here."
"Why does it have a punch code lock? It doesn't look like it has anything valuable here." 
"We store the explosives in the shed. Sometimes we have to do a little blasting to open up a seam. The heavy blankets control the explosion. Fuses are on the top shelf. Those satchels next to them have the explosive. We'll need the helmets with the flashlights. Always wear a helmet when you go into a mine. The tunnel goes a fair way back into the cliff. If we were digging, we'd take the solar powered floor lights. We won't need them today."
...
"Are you ready?"
"No."
"Are you claustrophobic, Maddy? The tunnel is kind of narrow."
"I'm not claustrophobic."
"Good. Shall we?"
"Can we talk?"
"I'll go alone if you want."
"No, you won't."
....
"What's wrong, Maddy?"
"Sometimes I get feelings that bad things are going to happen."
"Those are called premonitions. It's part of being stressed perhaps."
"When I feel like this, I'm always right."
"This has happened before?"
"Yes. Can we sit down? I need to think."
"OK."
...
"Got it."
"Got what?"
"Why I don't want you going in that mine. When I was rubbing your Nana's hand to warm it up, I also rubbed her wrist. I felt her pulse. It was strong."
"That's good then."
"When I was eating lunch with Jill, she said that the stroke meant that Nana would always have a weak heart. If she has a weak heart, why was her pulse strong?"
"Perhaps you thought it was strong but it wasn't?"
"I've had first aid training. I know the difference between a strong heartbeat and a weak heartbeat. Nana's heart was beating like yours or mine. You can't go into that mine, Maureen."
"I don't understand why not."
 "Nana didn't have a stroke. Jill lied."
"You don't know that. You're talking about the women who helped raise me, Maddy. She wouldn't lie to me. Why would she lie?"
"I don't know."
"This is crazy. I'm going in."
"No, you're not. You know that I've had military training, right?"
"Are you threatening me?"
"No. I'm reminding you of my military training because part of my training included something called infiltration. This is where a soldier sneaks into enemy territory, looks around, and reports back to his commanding officer on what she saw. This mine is enemy territory. You're my commanding officer. I know how to get into that mine safely. That will take me ten or fifteen minutes. I'll report back to you and if I was wrong, we'll go into the mine together." 
"OK. I think you're wrong, but I don't mind waiting."
"Good. I want you standing over here, away from the tunnel entrance."
 # # # # # # # #
The reason that Maddy wanted Maureen far away from the mine opening was because she didn't want Maureen to see her floating in air. She reasoned that if there were explosives, they would be triggered by a footstep or by a tripwire. That tripwire would be extended across the width of the tunnel and if somebody tripped on it, there'd be an immediate explosion. Flying slowly down the tunnel would avoid both those hazards. 
Maddy was wearing a mine helmet complete with lantern and was in her Wilizy sling, which allowed her to hover in place. She found a trip wire about ten paces away from the end of the tunnel. Exploring further, she saw the edge of a satchel of explosives similar to what was in the shed. It was stuffed almost completely out of sight. Maureen would have to accept this evidence as real.
Maddy returned to the mine opening and went to find Maureen, who was checking on the horses. "I found something you have to see," she said. "Do you have a flashlight with a very bright bulb?" Turns out that there was one in the shed.
...
"Stop here."
The tunnel wasn't wide enough for the two of them to walk side by side so Maureen was in front. Maddy rested her bright flashlight on Maureen's shoulder.
"Follow the beam. You'll see some brown fabric sticking out just about there. See it?"
"Yes."
"That's the edge of an explosives satchel like the kind you showed me in the shed."
"It's a tiny piece of something."
"Would that something be normally found wedged into the rocks by the cliff face?"
"No."
"I'll focus the light now on the edge of tunnel.... right there. Got it?"
"I don't see anything except wall."
"You won't. There's a gleam of something shiny about shin high right across the tunnel. I'm going to swing my light slowly back and forth tracking it from wall to wall. "
"I saw something shiny a couple of times. Could that be the light bouncing off some rocks?"
"It might be, but it's not. Take four more steps." 
...
"See it?"
"Sort of."
"One more step. Don't kick any rocks."
...
"See it now?"
"It's a wire."
"It's called a tripwire. It's very taut. If you tripped or stepped on that wire, the satchel would explode. There'll be wires from the trip wire to the satchel but I didn't want to go any further into the mine. We'll back up a few steps now. Don't kick any rocks. .... Turn around..... And out we go."
 # # # # # # # #
"I don't know what to say."
"Somebody wanted somebody dead, Maureen."
"Do you know when it was put there?"
"No."
"Somebody was after Les and Jill?"
"The shed was locked." 
"I just can't..."
"I can't leave the bomb in the mine, Maureen. If some kids came along and went exploring, they'd be killed. I know how to detonate it safely."
"How?"
"I'm going to throw rocks at that wire until I hit it. I'll be hiding behind the curve in the tunnel. That curve will protect me. You should move the horses further away and hold them so they don't panic."
"Are you sure you'll be safe?"
"Yes. I'll use my fastball."
"How can you kid when you could be killed?"
"Because I won't be. Go wait by the horses. I'll stay here until you've moved them. Wave when you're ready."
...
Maddy wasn't planning to use anything as inaccurate as a rock fastball. Nor would she hide behind a little curve. She walked into the mine until the rock face was visible. Then she lay on her belly, activated the weapon array on her sling, and lasered the wire. It took a few attempts. The only thing she had to worry about was debris from the blast hitting her when she lying on the tunnel floor. She knew a wave of small rocks would be coming at her. 
Lillian was in the mine watching as Maddy prepared to explode the dynamite. According to Winnie's flashing red light, Maddy was due to die in 10, 9, 8 ... 
Lillian left before the explosion. 

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 26

Maddy felt the blast of rock shards and smoke blow by her. As she had expected, she didn't feel any major penetrations into her body. She raised the head of the devil body that she was now inhabiting and checked the scales of her body. Dents, yes. Scrapes, yes. Blood, no. She converted... 
"MADDY!!!!!"
... back to her Maddy mortal body and started rubbing rock debris all over it. 
"MADDY! Are you alright?"
"I'M OK. I just have to catch my breath. Don't come in. It's still dangerous in here."
 Maddy rolled around on the tunnel floor to cover her clean human clothes with debris. Then she carefully smeared her face and neck with rock dust. 
Maddy staggered out and was engulfed inside a storm called Maureen.
 # # # # # # # #
"What do we do now?" Maureen asked. Both were smeared and grimy. Neither cared.
"Would they have heard the explosion inside the house?"
"Yes. Definitely."
"Then we wait. We haven't answered your question yet. Who set up the explosion? You were right. Perhaps Jill and Les were the targets. If they come rushing up that hill, we'll know that the explosion was a surprise to them. They'll be worried about our safety."
 # # # # # # # #
Karita, I need your help. Can you come? 
Are you OK?
Yes. But I look worse than I am. I'm with a friend. Be invisible.
...
You do look terrible. Why are you just sitting here? Why does your friend look like somebody killed her dog?
She's realizing that somebody killed her parents. I'll tell you everything, but later. For now, a big house is southwest of here. A second smaller house is next to it. There's a small corral for horses that is empty for now. Inside the big house, an elderly woman is in a bed in a nice bedroom. She's hooked up to an IV that is keeping her heavily sedated. She's going to die at some point, but I don't know how far into the future that will be. For now, guard her. A man or a woman may come into the bedroom. They may be checking on her and will leave without doing anything. If they put anything different into the IV, you'll have to stop them somehow. Supposedly, she's had a heart stroke. 
Do I stop them fatally?
No. Sometime tomorrow, one or both of them will leave the house and walk up here. Warn me when they leave the house.
Will you be warm enough?
We have blankets and a shed.
 # # # # # # # #
The next morning...
Both of them are on the way up, Maddy. The guy is carrying a rifle. Why is he doing that?
We're supposed to be dead from an explosion. The rifle is in case we were only injured.
Do you need help up there?
No. Could you search their house?
What am I looking for?
Any kind of legal document. There could be a lot. Take pictures of every document in case they try to burn them. 
How's your friend?
She's coping. Barely. She's going to feel worse soon."
 # # # # # # # #
"Maureen, I got a glimpse of Jill and Les coming up the hill. I want you to lie on the ground inside the shed."
"Why?"
"Les is bringing a gun."
"In case we were only injured?"
"Yup. I can take these two, but not if I have to worry about you."
"I can't believe this is happening."
"I'm sure they'll have an excuse for not coming earlier and for bringing a gun to check on us."
"Be careful, Maddy."
"Always."
 # # # # # # # #
 "Slow down now, Jill. Stay in the trees as much as possible."
"You said they'd be killed by the blast. You said they wouldn't feel anything." 
"One of them might not have been all the way into the mine. She could still be alive."
"Maureen would have been the one to go in. I hope she died in the explosion. The other one, I don't care if you have to kill her. She's a lesbian. I saw them in the copter."
"That makes Maureen one too."
"I'm so disappointed in her."
"I can see the horses. They're fine."
"That's a relief."
...
"Hands and knees now."
"Be careful where you point that thing."
"Sorry."
"I can see the entrance to the mine now. It's obvious there was an explosion."
....
"I can't see any bodies, Les. You can stand up now. You looked ridiculous crawling on your belly."
"That's how a soldier is supposed to approach a dangerous location."
"You're not a solider."
"I've seen a lot of soldier flics."
...
"Do we have to go inside the mine?"
"One of them might be alive but trapped under rubble."
"I don't want to see you shoot her."
"I don't either," Maddy said. 
Jill and Les had nothing to say about that, seeing as how they were now unconscious. They couldn't even ask how Maddy could have appeared out of thin air. Using invisibility was hardly sporting of her. 
"I am not a lesbian," Maddy declared for the record. "I am a nothing."
 # # # # # # # #
Karita, we're walking the horses down slowly. Did you find anything?
I found lots of documents. There was an open file folder on their kitchen table. Something about Maureen inheriting a trust of some kind. I saw a place for her to sign.
Is Reese available for translation?
He's on his way now. 
Keep searching their house.
I will. I researched heart strokes last night. Do you want hear what a stroke is?
I know a bit.
Do you know that a doctor will always take a blood sample to confirm what happened? 
I did not know that.
I saw nothing on the woman's body to show that she had had a blood sample taken. She has an IV in her arm, but they'd never take a blood sample and then put the IV in the same spot.
How do you know that?
 I have a lot of time to read in my afterlife. You're not even supposed to take a sample from the same arm that has an IV. 
Meaning that there was no doctor. 
Can you use that?
Perhaps. I don't know how much Maureen will want me to do. She's pretty rocky right now.
 # # # # # # # #
Les was awake and complaining by the time they reached the bottom of the hill. Maddy had seen some cowboy flics where bandits were transported to jail on the backs of horses. They'd be positioned so that their head and arms would hang down one side of the horse and their legs down the other side. If the rope tied their feet and hands together tightly, they had no way to get off that horse without being stomped.
Les was complaining that the saddle horn was killing him. Maddy hadn't noticed that the horses in the flic were saddle-less, so he might have had cause for complaint. Maddy wasn't motivated to think too nicely about a guy who had planned to kill her. She stopped the horse, went to the side where Les' head was located, grabbed his hair and pulled his head up. 
"Do you see this thumb?"
Les couldn't answer because his head was bent back so far that he couldn't even swallow. Maddy assumed that he saw the thumb because it was right in front of his right eye. 
"Would you like to see this thumb enter your eye socket and go for a look-see?"
Les didn't have anything more to say. You could say that Maddy was somewhat disgruntled with him. 
 # # # # # # # #
Maddy and Maureen were in Nana's bedroom. Nana was still unconscious. 
"Maureen, You have to understand the full picture. Do you agree that Les and Jill were trying to kill you?"
"Yes."
"That means that they would have to kill Nana too."
"The doctor wouldn't have let them."
"I've learned a little about doctors. I know that they always take blood samples when something serious is happening in your body. The doctor would have left the signs of a needle, probably in one of her arms. Do you see any signs of that?"
"I just see the EV."
"If the doctor took a blood sample, he'd have to use a different location. He can't use the same spot. Where did he take blood?"
"I don't see one."
"Neither do I. So, it's very probable that they didn't call a doctor. Agreed?"
"Yes."
"Think about this. They didn't call a doctor because Nana didn't have a stroke. I felt a strong pulse, remember."
"Let me check."
...
"It's strong."
"That means that your Nana did not have a stroke. Nothing is wrong with her."
Maureen's head jerked up at that. 
"She's sleeping because that IV has a sedative keeping her unconscious. Jill told me about the sedation. She said that it was to stop her from tossing turning and ripping out the EV. We now know that she didn't have a stroke and she didn't need an IV. So why did they put her to sleep before we arrived?"
 "So that she wouldn't know what they were doing."
"Yes. Why don't you watch over your Nana? I'll bring you food. You can sleep here even. That way, you'll be here when she awakes. She could be scared. Jill and Les may have held her down to put in the IV. She'll need to see a friendly face."
"What are you planning to do?"
"I'm going to find out why Jill and Les did this." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 27

They're ready for you, Maddy.
That was Karita and she was referring to Jill and Les. It was early afternoon and it was time to dig into the past. That digging would take place in Les and Jill's house while Maureen was watching Nana. 
Do I have to say a special word?
No. I've already said it. I have compelled them to tell you the truth. I'll wipe their memories of the hypnosis after you're done. 
Karita was still loathe to show Maddy how she could crack a head with an elbow and put a victim into a daze that would allow her to ask a lot of question. You already know why.
"Jill, when did you and Les decide to steal from Maureen's parents?"
"From the very first meeting. They were so gullible and naive. It was obvious that they were hiding a lot. It was like a challenge to see which one of us could devise a way to steal the most."
....
 # # # # # # # 
While Maddy was interrogating Jill, Karita and Reese were searching their house and communicating with each other through mind messages. 
Karita, that trust document that Jill talked about was the vehicle that Les set up for the McReady family to sock away their wealth. It's a numbered company that was owned almost completely by Maureen's parents. They made Maureen the owner if anything happened to them.
Like being killed by Les and Jill?
Do we have that confirmed now?
Yes. Maddy has asked about the deaths. The mine's roof didn't fall down on its own. 
The trust required Maureen to be over 21 before she could inherit. Her nana was her trustee.
Let me guess. If both of them died, Les and Jill would own everything.
Yes, they had all of the remaining shares. That would be enough.
You have absolute proof on this now?
Yes.
Maureen told Maddy that the trust was almost bankrupt. She said something about an Arizona inheritance tax taking all the money.
I'll look. I saw a set of books somewhere around here. How's her Nana?
Still sleeping.
Maureen?
Looking very grim. Maddy told her that she was having success interrogating Jill. She's passing on bits and pieces when she gives Jill a break. Maureen knows how her parents died now.
 # # # # # # # #
Reese, Arizona does not charge any inheritance tax. I looked it up. They hardly have any taxes at all.
That explains why I saw no big amounts coming out of the Trust's books. I still have five years to go. Karita, the value of the trust is huge.
 This is legitimate money, right?
The parents were sort of money laundering the silver that they mined in Mexico. But the silver wasn't illegal. It came out of a legitimate mine. Going to Mexico to sell the silver was solely to hide it from crooks.
Crooks like Les and Jill.
Absolutely. They robbed Maureen blind. She was living in near poverty when her trust held millions.
What are their colors?
Both of them have dark black with streaks of red for violence. Jill's red was lighter.
 # # # # # # # #
Reese, Maddy found out that Jill and Les continued to operate the mine after the parents died. They couldn't go to Mexico, because Nana would become suspicious. The silver is stored in their basement. I found it in a bunch of wooden crates. Can you help me bring them up? Maddy wants them sitting in front of Les and Jill in the living room when Nana wakes up.
Has Maddy reached present time?
Yeah. They were planning to kill Maureen when she came to sign some papers. When Maureen said that she was bringing a friend, they had to kill Maddy too. So, they sedated Nana and gave her a supposed weak heart. After Maureen was dead, they would let Nana regain consciousness. They'd tell her that Maureen had come to the ranch, signed, but couldn't stay. A couple of months later, Nana would have another stroke. Nobody would know what had really happened.
Almost a perfect crime. Did Maddy say why she was able to stop it?
She had a premonition. This isn't the first time that Maddy saw something that nobody else could see.
 # # # # # # # #
It was another twelve hours before Nana stirred. She was surprised to see Maureen sitting on the edge of her bed. "What are you doing here, Reen?" she asked. 
"I'm over 21 now. Les and Jill invited me to come by to sign some papers. Some bad things have happened, Nana. I've been waiting for you to wake up."
"Are you pregnant?"
"No."
"Have you had sex yet?"
"Nana!"
"I'm teasing. You look terrible."
"I feel terrible."
"Tell me over .... what meal is it?"
"Breakfast." 
Nana threw the covers to the side, swung her feet to the floor, stood up, and almost fell. Maureen was there to catch her. 
"You were waiting for me to do that. Why?"
"You've been asleep in that bed for a long time."
"Is that part of the bad news?"
"Yes."
"Hand me my robe, will ya?"
...
"Now, you may escort me to my breakfast. I assume you're cooking. Wha...
"How about I carry you, Nana? This is only temporary. You'll recover your strength soon enough." 
... 
"Soft chair or hard chair?"
"Better make it the soft chair. Who's this?"
"My friend, Maddy. I've told you about her before. She's the good baseball player that I've been working with."
"I remember. Why are Jill and Les naked and tethered to that tree in the front yard?" 
"Maddy put them there."
"Maddy, why did you put them there like that?"
"They said they really had to go. I'm not going to dress and undress them."
"Nor should you, Maddy. Are they the breakfast entertainment?"
"I'll close the drapes," Maddy said. 
"You're making a formal breakfast, Reen? This is different. Why are you so glum?"
"Maddy and I agreed. I would cook breakfast because Maddy can't cook and I don't think I can tell you.... what.... happened. She's going...... totellyou. Ijustcan't."
"Maddy, is what you're going to tell me worse then seeing Les buck naked?"
"Far worse."
 # # # # # # # #
"They killed Phyllis and Ray, Maddy?"
"Yes. As I said, I have proof. You can watch the tapes with Jill confessing."
"They almost killed Reen?"
"They tried."
"Maddy saved me, Nana. She was in the military. She knew what to do."
"And these crates of silver in the living room are what they dug out of the mine after they killed Phyllis and Ray?"
"They thought that they couldn't go to Mexico because you'd be suspicious."
"They were right. I never trusted Jill. She acted nice but wasn't. How much is the company worth now, Maddy?"
"I'm not great with accounting books. Plus, I don't know what silver is worth. Millions of dollars at least."
"I don't want it, Nana. It's dirty money."
"Reen, money isn't dirty. It's what you do with it that makes it clean or dirty. Your mom and dad were never satisfied with what they had. They kept on wanting more, even though they had more than they could possibly spend. People with power always want more; people with money always want more. They fell into that trap."
"Helped by Jill and Les," Maddy tried to soften the criticism.
"I suppose. But if they hadn't hoarded their money, Jill and Les never would have found them. I'll see them pay for that. What are you planning to do with this burden of wealth that you're carrying, Reen?"
"I don't want it."
"You already have it. Are you going to bury the silver back into the ground?"
"No."
"Your parents loved you. In a somewhat misguided way, they wanted you to have the best possible life they could buy for you. They spent all of their life saying, This is for Maureen. You can't refuse their love. Nor do I love them any the less for how they spent their life."
"I don't want the money. It's a curse. If I met a guy, and he knew that I have all of this, how would I know that he wanted me and not the money? Mom and Dad were fooled by their friends. I was fooled by two people who raised me like I was their own. How can I forget that? They suckered me."
"They did that when you were very young. Don't be so hard on yourself. Why don't you give all your money to Maddy, and then it'll be her problem?"
"Not me. I don't want it."
"See. You're stuck with it. Will you let it grind you down to dust like the old nursery rhyme you liked so much?"
"I don't remember that."
"You were probably three. You'd sit on my lap, and I'd show you the pictures. I'd read the rhyme and then you'd walk around the house pretending to be the giant. Fee-Fi-Fo-Fum, you'd say in a deep, deep voice."
"I smell the blood of an Englishman. I remember doing that. I didn't know what an Englishman was. I knew what a giant was. You were reading me Jack and Beanstalk."
"You never understood the next two lines: Be he alive, or be he dead, I'll grind his bones to make my bread. Will you let a giant amount of money grind you into a loaf of bread, Reen?"
 # # # # # # # #
"So, we're agreed. Maddy will introduce Reen to a really good lawyer who works for the Colorado governor. She'll ask him to write a new company agreement that makes the old company into a charitable organization. Reen will be in sole charge. If Reen dies, her charitable organization will fold into another charitable organization that the lawyer is involved with."
"I think it does something for abused women," Maddy said. She had no idea how the Wilizy used their wealth.
"You can't just let this money sit. You have to put it to work. Maddy will ask the lawyer to suggest some wealth managers that can make the money grow. That way your parents' money will last longer and will help more people."
"What if these wealth managers can't be trusted? We've already had two crooks."
 "You'll get to meet those wealth managers and decide if you want them to work for you. If they do, make sure you inspect the books. Always inspect the books no matter who is working for you. Wealth is a powerful aphrodisiac."
"I don't know anything about accounting."
"You'll have to learn. If your parents had checked their books, they wouldn't have been fleeced."
"At least, I'm good at math."
"And you live in a university town with lots of opportunities to learn. We've talked about you having a decent income from the fund. You shouldn't be living like a pauper. What will you do with it?"
"I've decided to use some of the fund so that I can play pro ball for as long as I want."
"What will you do after pro ball?"
"I'll coach. I've always wanted to coach."
"Good decisions. I think we're done here. Reen, don't you have a baseball camp to organize? You need to take all this silver too. Maddy has to arrange some meetings. Take one of the family copters. I'll clean up here."
"What do you mean by clean up, Nana?"
"Breakfast dishes."
"And?"
"The house is a mess."
"And?"
"The yard needs some work."
"Nana, what exactly are you planning to do about the yard?"
"I have some pruning to do."
"Leave that for the law."
"There is no law here."
"I'll ask Tucson's sheriff to come."
"I'll take care of Jill and Les," Maddy offered. "We have justice type people in my family." [As in Reese, Cassie, Kashmir, Karita and their own personal courtroom.]
 "Maddy, I didn't see any lawyer representing Jill in your tapes. I've seen a lot of lawyer shows, and all of them have a lawyer present when criminals are interrogated. Where were the lawyers?"
[Busted by a Ben Matlock and Perry Mason fan.]
"Uhm."
"You made those tapes for Reen and me, right?" Nana continued her cross-examination.
"I didn't know what they had done. I knew that they tried to kill us. Jill was the weak partner. She talked. I made the tape so that all of us would be able believe what they had done."
"But, the tape wouldn't stand up in a court of law. Am I right." [Honing in for the kill now.] 
"Probably not." 
[The prosecution rests, your honor.] 
"I'll take care of them," Nana re-volunteered. "We don't want them suing us for mistreatment, do we?"
[Ooops.]
"How will you take care of them?" Maureen asked.
"Pruning shears."
"Pruning shears?"
"Pruning shears. They're sharp and pointy."
"You're literally going to use pruning shears to kill them."
"Not right now. I have to regain my strength. And the two you have to get out of here. They're fine where they are."
"What are you planning to with the bodies?"
"I expect Tucson's sheriff will take them away as evidence."
"But..."
"Reen, I'm old. I'll die soon. A prison will keep me warm, it will cook my meals, and the staff will give me free medical care. I probably will be able to see Ben and Perry every day."
"But you will have murdered two people in cold blood."
"They deserved it."
"What about your afterlife, Nana?" [This question came from Maddy. No surprise there.] 
...
"I hadn't thought of that."
 # # # # # # # #
"We can't let them walk free," Maureen insisted.
"What choice do we have? Jill is not going to confess twice. We took away their wealth. We'll have to be content with that." Nana, with the much smaller win.
Maddy had a different idea. "My adopted grandfather was a lawman during The Troubles. He didn't need a court to administer justice. There was a time when he ran across a gang of murderers, and he tricked them into confessing. He shot them. My adopted uncles saw him."
"Frontier justice," Nana murmured.
Maddy continued. "My adopted father/guardian was a deputy sheriff in Helena. He used frontier justice all the time to keep peace. One time he caught some rapists. They all died. He didn't tell me the details, but he did say that they received justice."
"Someday Maddy, I'd like to see your family tree." Nana, showing some curiosity.
"We don't have a family tree. We have a family orchard. Why don't we administer frontier justice?"
"How?"
"We'll have a trial. We list the charges. We tell them what we know about their crimes. We give them a chance to defend themselves. The court will decide. Then, we administer frontier justice if they are guilty." 
 # # # # # # # #
Frontier justice was indeed administered that afternoon. The pruning shears remained unsullied. Maddy brought the two convicted murderers into the same mine where Phyllis and Ray McReady had perished. Maureen placed the explosives. Nana pushed the button that caused the tunnel of that mine to completely collapse onto the murderers. That's frontier Justice with a capital J. 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 28

While frontier justice was being administered, a pink-faced humanoid was standing in a sterile room. "My name is Zale Zilio. I am the chairperson of the tribunal that will be looking into the charges that you have lodged against Harry, the local Cop of Cosmos."
"It's about time you showed up," Fylybstr growled.
"Also on the Tribunal are Kyty Lyter and Ho-Ho-Ho. The composition of this tribunal is diverse in terms of species. All three of us are experienced senior executives in our respective planets. Kyty and Ho-Ho-Ho will appear on the screens beside me if they wish to contribute. For now, they can see and hear the proceedings." 
"Also attending this meeting is Princess Guinevere from Heaven. Since Heaven and Hell have been facing difficulties, she is attending as an interested party. I may ask her for a comment or two; otherwise she is here only to observe and report back to Heaven. She can see and hear the proceedings."
"Everybody, this is Fylybstr, a lawyer from Hell. Fylybstr made a number of accusations against Harry and we are here to investigate."
While Zale had been talking, Fylybstr had been placing binders on the table, opening them to key pages that he wanted to be sure he emphasized, and checking if his scales gleamed. He had done this sitting down while Zale was still standing up introducing him. "What did you say about Heaven?"
Zale sat down with a frown. "Princess Guinevere is attending this meeting in an unofficial capacity. She has no voting privileges."
For Fylybstr, this news was perturbing. You see, in preparation for this meeting, Berith had arranged for him to practice debating with devils who took the role of Heaven's Fluffer-Doodle lawyer. Those devils peppered Fylybstr with strange words and squirted used toilet water at him. After a week of practice, they had declared Fylybstr ready for the debate. Now he was finding out that Fluffer wasn't even there. Fylybstr had heard about this princess and her skills: He knew she was dangerous. He had one question that needed an answer.
"Where's Harry?"
"Harry won't be needed right now. I see you have binders. Would you like to make an opening statement?" 
[That was like asking a banker if he would like to enter the vault and fondle his money.]
 # # # # # # # #
Fylybstr was into his second hour, and from his perspective, his presentation was going great. Pink Face was paying close attention. He knew this because she'd make little check marks on the clipboard she held on her lap. He didn't know how the other members of the tribunal were reacting though.
Winnie had found a how to podcast that focused on showing viewers various how to tasks and was making notes on the clipboard on her lap. The topic? Gruesome ways to kill lawyers who talk too much. This podcast was part of a series that included: Gruesome ways to kill lawyers who breathe too heavily; Gruesome ways to kill lawyers who cut their toe nails at the kitchen table, and Gruesome ways to kill lawyers by dropping bankers on their heads from a great height. You can understand why this series would be popular. 
Ho-Ho-Ho wasn't listening either. He was busy opening a can of peas and putting the peas on a table in order from large to small. He had already completed that task with kernels of corn. When he was done, he would lunch on the smallest pea and the biggest kernel and then repeat the process until all were gone. Then he'd do it again. You'll have guessed that Ho-Ho-Ho had an appetite that wouldn't be satisfied quickly by little peas and small kernels of corns. Cans that didn't have the same number of peas and kernels distressed him no end. You might say that Ho-Ho-Ho had a smidge of obsessive-compulsive behavior. His personal shrink was working on the theory that he had had developed mother issues ever since he had sat on her lap and squished her to death. He was probably right about that. 
Meanwhile, Kyty was working on her hobby. Hairball art. This form of art required three-dimensional creativity plus the ability to hack up color and texture to the canvas. You may all go eewww now.
 # # # # # # # #
 I'm going to stop him now. Start your screens.
Winnie's reaction to this non-verbal message was one of confusion.
I'm tracking now. 
I have full temperature now.
Winnie figured the first message was from Zale, because she was in charge. The other two were from Kyty and Ho-Ho-Ho, but she didn't know who thought what. Why am I hearing their thoughts? That mental question became: Do they know I can hear them thinking amongst themselves?
"Fylybstr, I promised myself that I would let you talk until you had leveled twenty accusations at Harry with no evidence supporting your accusations. You have now reached that disturbing milestone."
"I have documents supporting every accusation I have made. I can show you signed depositions, numerous witness statements, and results of legal cases that support what I have said."
He's aware he has no evidence.
He was getting enjoyment from drowning you in blather.
...
Zale continued unimpressed. "Do you realize that these lies you're telling about Harry could ruin his career?"
"Harry is an incompetent low level paper pusher. He deserves to lose his career. The Cosmos will be a better place."
He realizes the impact.
He doesn't care. I'm seeing sociopathic indications here.
...
 "Do you realize that if he's found guilty of bias, that could mean that every judgment he made in his career would have to be reviewed?"
"Should one bigoted cop be allowed to remain in place for reasons of expediency?"
 He never thought that far ahead.
He's anticipating personal fame for beating the Cosmos.
"Do you realize that if unfounded accusations are allowed to be made against dedicated Cosmos staff, this could result in a decline in respect for the rule of law throughout the Cosmos?"
 "My accusations are not unfounded. I have binders and binders of evidence. You haven't even opened and read a single page of a single binder. You're obviously making a judgment without considering the evidence."
He hasn't thought that far ahead. 
The concept of respect for the rule of law does not register with him. Winning cases by any means possible does register. Again, I'm seeing the need for personal fame. More sociopathic elements are coming clear.
"Are you accusing me of being incompetent? Biased perhaps? A fish lover perhaps?"
"If necessary, I will appeal to the next higher court. That court will determine your competence. What is obvious here is the cavalier attitude that you've shown towards your duties of collecting evidence and ruling only after due consideration. You're defending Harry when it's clear that he is part of an insurrection of fish lovers." 
He's trying to bully you. 
He will try to appeal to a higher court.
...
"Let's talk about that fish insurrection. In Harry's meeting, you claimed that Heaven had recruited the mermaids as agents to operate in Earth's ocean and attack Hell's installations. Do you have any evidence of that?"
"I have binders and binders of evidence. Harry wouldn't let me present any of it. He muzzled me. How can such a travesty of justice be ignored? A lawyer has the right to present evidence." 
He doesn't have any evidence. The devil who assigned him to the case didn't give him any. 
He's feeling vulnerable about not having any evidence. Those binders of evidence are fictional. If asked to present them, he will have to return to Hell to fabricate them. 
"What devil assigned you to this case?"
"Berith."
Finally the truth. 
He's sensing that this meeting is not about Harry. It's about him. He'll blame Berith for everything. He was just doing his job.
"Fylybstr, the Cops of the Cosmos convened an inquiry into Harry's handling of the case several weeks ago. Senior Management reviewed every decision that he made in the case. They found that all of his rulings were appropriate. They found that all of the ways that he handled your behavior were laudable. They did not find any evidence of him favoring other fishes. In recognition of how well Harry had handled that case, they promoted him and gave him a two-week, expenses paid holiday for him and his wife. Harry is completely innocent and does not deserve your allegations."
"If you already found him innocent, why are we meeting?"
"We are here to investigate you."
"Why wasn't I warned?"
"You weren't aware that you were attending a meeting with a Cosmos tribunal during which you would be asked questions?"
"I was aware, but you never read me my rights. Plus, I don't have a lawyer to represent me."
"You've been watching too many reruns of Ben Matlock and Perry Mason. Those are not Cosmos requirements."
"You didn't put me under the truth ray."
"We did. It wasn't the truth ray you expected."
"You should have warned me that I was under a different truth ray."
"Why would that have been necessary? Surely you were telling us the truth. Are you aware that lawyers are expected to be truthful in court? You swore an oath to do that when you received your license. You're not supposed to present false evidence either. Doing so can lead to legal consequences that are intended to deter you from ever doing that again."
"I presented evidence. You can't prove that it's either true or false."
"A fish conspiracy? Really?"
"It could be true. Prove to me that it's false. You can't. You can't charge me with anything. I broke no law."
"We're not going to charge you with breaking a law."
"So I'm free to go?"
"No. The tribunal will meet and consider the case. Don't move."
Will you take him, Kyty?
Sure.
Ho-Ho-Ho?
I have all I want.
"Fylybstr, this court has heard your responses to the questions posed to you during this tribunal. We have been shocked by your blatant disregard for how your behavior could impact other individuals such as Harry, or entities such as the Cosmos. We find that you do not have the necessary empathy to live on your own in the Cosmos. We are therefore enrolling you in an Empathy Discovery Program which will allow you to find out what it's like to exist closely with somebody who doesn't care about who you are or what you think. Our hope is for you to finish this program as a new devil, who shows concern for others and is aware of how your behaviour can be hurtful. Kyty, will you come to the meeting room, please."
"While Kyty is transporting, stand beside me, Fylybstr."
"What's that?"
"Your special collar. Am I fastening it too tightly?"
"No. What's happening?"
"You're going to live on another planet where humanoids are not the dominant species. You will learn what it's like to be treated badly. If you learn to treat others with empathy, you will receive better work assignments. If you don't learn, you could be released into the wild. You might last a day."
At that point, a solid black Kyty padded into the room and looked at him with her yellow eyes. She caught a bit of drool emerging from her mouth with a pink tongue. That action exposed four very menacing fangs.
"I will call you Conspiracy," Kyty purred, and the translation chip translated. "Conspiracy, come."
Fylybstr was still looking at her mouth.
"Conspiracy, COME!"
"You should probably obey her," Zale suggested.
"What?"
Fylybstr's body decided to spasm. If he had been a dog coming in from a swim, he would have drenched the room.
"Kyty controls the pain levels in that collar. You should obey her."
 "Conspiracy, COME! Here boy."
Conspiracy came. 
"You'll need to learn the usual commands. Conspiracy, SIT."
Conspiracy sat.
"Good boy. Conspiracy, lie down."
There was some confusion over that command. Devils can lie on their back or lie on their front.
"Conspiracy, roll over."
That cleared up the confusion.
"Conspiracy, stay."
Kyty padded around the table. "He'll do, Zale. Conspiracy, heel."
Walk on her left side. Stay even with her hind legs." Zale murmured. 
"Here are some of my rules that you must obey. Don't whine. I hate whining. Don't pee inside the house. Use the woods. If you have to do #2, take a baggy with you and bury it. When I have company, don't fart. If I am cooking, don't expect hand outs. If I ....."
Recess for thirty minutes. Winnie, would you like to join me in the courtroom?

 Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 29 

"I'm sorry I didn't bring any goodies for you," Winnie apologized. "I didn't know that a panther would be here. You can't eat chocolate."
"That's OK. I have dried human sticks to chew on. They're chewy. Tastes like chicken. You would too, but you're too scrawny for me to enjoy."
"Please tell me she's joking, Zale."
"Kyty likes to put on airs about being a lethal eating machine. She's a pussy cat underneath all those teeth."
"Scratch me behind my ears and I'll follow you anywhere."
 "Do you have any more goodies, Winnie?"
"Sorry, Ho-Ho-Ho I didn't anticipate a giant being here."
"About this sex in a pan," Ho-Ho-Ho began. "Do humans actually cover yourselves in chocolate, lie in a pan, and procreate?"
"No, and now that visual image is going to bother me all day."
"So, this is chocolate," Zale observed. "I've heard about it."
"We're exporting it. But we keep a lot on hand to eat ourselves and to offer to guests. Does that Empathy Discover Program work?"
 "Usually," Zale answered. "Kyty needs staff who have hands in her government. She takes a lot of our convicted sociopaths. Ho-Ho-Ho needs staff that are normal sized and have fine motor control in their hands. He threatens them with grinding their bones to flour and Kyty threatens them with having to live in the wild. It keeps them motivated."
"I thought you were the Jolly Green Giant. Isn't grinding humans to bones something that was in done by the giant in Jack and the Beanstalk fame?"
"He's a cousin. We had mechanical failure one time when were on a guided tour around Earth. Some humans saw us. The Cosmos banned guided tours of Earth because of that."
"And the special abilities the two of you have?"
"Abilities that the three of us collectively have," Zale corrected. "Face reading, mind reading, and lie-detection are not common in the Cosmos, so when the Justice folks find people with those skills, they tend to ask us to help a lot."
"And you let me listen in on the trial so I would know that?"
"No. You already know about those kinds of skills. I wanted you to see how important it is for Cosmos citizens to respect the rule of law. Once a planet loses that respect, it could be game over. Earth must show that it is always on guard for this if you want to be accepted into the Cosmos."
"Zale, why do I get the feeling that you are also on another Cosmos body that inspects planets before they are accepted as civilized."
"Because you are very perceptive. Scientifically, the Cosmos knows that Earth is approaching the threshold for acceptance. We have become aware that Hell has been a major obstacle to the planet's very existence. I'll be meeting with Satan this afternoon. That meeting will not change the fact that some humans are very violent, hungry for wealth, crave power, and will do anything to get it while other humans starve and are kept powerless. Earth has to do something about that. But you still have a lot of time to change and be accepted." 
"Why tell me? I'm an angel."
"Sure, you are."

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 30

"Also on the Tribunal are Kyty Lytr and Ho-Ho-Ho. The composition of this tribunal is diverse in terms of species. All three of us are experienced senior executives in our respective planets. Kyty and Ho-Ho-Ho will appear on the screens beside me if they wish to contribute. For now, they can see and hear the proceedings. Also attending this meeting is Princess Guinevere from Heaven. She has been helping us in our inquiries."
"Why was I brought here?" Berith queried.
"I asked Satan to make you available to us after we met with Fylybstr about his complaints about the hearing he had with Harry, the local Cop of the Cosmos. Fylybstr made some serious allegations against you, which prompted us to open a formal inquiry into your actions in the last month. This inquiry will be conducted under the truth ray. Most of my questions will have Yes or No answers. If they do not, you may answer freely. If you lie, the truth ray will sound an alarm that will tell us what the truth is. If you refuse to answer, I will assume that you are confessing. Do you understand?"
"Whatever Fylybstr said about me was a lie."
"Lies cannot succeed in Cosmos hearings such as this. I will begin now. Truth ray on Berith. Did you select and assign Fylybstr to serve as Hell's lawyer in Harry's inquiry into Hell's allegations that Heaven had broken the Heaven-Hell treaty by accepting trained and dangerous marine-based militia from Poseidon and placing them in military bases in Earth's oceans."
"Yes."
"Were you aware of what he was doing."
"Yes."
"In Harry's meeting, Heaven's lawyer asked you as follows:"
 And with this hearing you are working as hard as you can to prevent Heaven and Earth from fixing the oceans. 
"Do you remember that question?" 
"Yes."
"Here's how you replied:" 
Yes. I was told to protect the plastic by sending the mermaids back to Poseidon. 
"Do you remember saying that?"
"Yes." 
"Are you aware of Harry's findings?"
"Yes." 
"To refresh your memory, here's a portion of his findings where he reveals what Hell would do with the mermaids:" 
Hell is deliberately acting to prevent them from cleaning the oceans by attempting to send the mermaids back to Poseidon against their will. That deliberate action is violation of a recently amended clause in the Heaven/Hell treaty that prohibits Hell from threatening the sanctity of Earth's atmosphere, land, and resources by preventing inhabitants who wish to save their planet from doing so. 
"Berith, do you agree with Harry that sending the mermaids back to Poseidon was a deliberate attempt to violate the Heaven/Hell treaty."
"Yes, but I didn't succeed."
"Making the attempt is a violation in itself."
"But..."
"Be quiet. I did not ask you a question. Truth ray on Princess Guinevere. "Princess, did you become aware that a devil was attempting to kill members of the mermaid family as they went about their lives in Earth's oceans."
"Yes."
"How did you learn of this?"
"The mermaids told me."
"Did you believe them?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"Because they described the life form that was pursuing them."
"What was that life form?"
"A large shark."
"How were you able to conclude that this shark was a devil disguised as a shark?"
"No fish have been living in Earth's oceans for years because of the plastic covering the surfaces of all of Earth's oceans. Small fish became enmeshed in the plastic and died. Larger fish like sharks, who might have been able to cope with the plastic, died because they had no smaller fish to feed on. That shark had to be a devil in a disguise."
"Did you endeavor to determine what devil was posing as a shark?"
"Yes. My team and I learned that the devil was using the abandoned city of San Francisco as his home base. I set up cameras to record his comings and goings."
"Were you successful?"
"Yes. I have recordings of Berith arriving from Hell and changing his body into a shark as he entered the water."
"Truth ray off Princess Guinevere. Berith, the truth ray remains on you. Berith, I show you a picture of a shark swimming towards the shore. From the bridge in the background, I was able to determine that the city was San Francisco. In this next picture, the shark has disappeared and a devil is walking out of the water. Is that devil you?"
"Yes."
"Is it true that you were hunting for mermaids in the body of the shark?"
"Yes."
"Did you catch any?"
"No."
"If you had caught them, what would you have done?"
"I would have eaten them, but I never caught any."
"Did you come to San Francisco numerous times?"
"Yes."
"And you returned to Hell each time?"
"Yes."
"Did you return to Hell so that you could report to Satan?"
"Yes."
"Did you tell Satan that you were trying to kill the mermaids?"
"Yes."
 "Did he let you continue your attempts?"
"Yes."
"Would you say that you are a senior devil?"
"Yes."
"How important?"
"I'm a member of the Inner Pentagram."
"We'll have a brief recess so that the tribunal can confer. This room is being monitored. Neither of you are allowed to leave your chair or speak to each other. Communications to your home planet are being blocked." 
 # # # # # # # #
The tribunal has reached a unanimous agreement. Berith we find that you violated the Heaven/Hell treaty numerous times. Some violations were to prevent the mermaids from cleaning up the plastic covering the Earth's oceans. You also violated that clause that prohibits senior devils such as yourself from entering Earth without permission from Heaven. Either party to the treaty is allowed to bring treaty violations to the local Cop of Cosmos and seek redress if that party wishes. This tribunal is senior to the local cop and so we can serve in that regard. Princess Guinevere, do you wish to formally bring these numerous violations to our attention?"
"Yes." 
"Since we have already determined Berith's guilt, we accept your submission as legitimate, and we will apply sanctions to Hell. We will report this to Satan. Moving on. Berith, you admitted that you were intent on murdering the mermaids. The Heaven/Hell treaty prohibits all devils from coming to Earth and personally murdering the inhabitants. Hell's role in this treaty is to tempt the citizens of Earth to sin. You are not allowed to kill them. We acknowledge that you never succeeded although you tried numerous times. The tribunal finds that you, Berith, an Inner Pentagram devil, showed a willful and complete disregard for the treaty. We will report this to Satan."
"Moving on. Berith, in the surveillance video of your actions in San Francisco, you are shown entering an abandoned bank with a bucket containing something. What was in that bucket?"
"Diamonds."
"What did you do with the diamonds?"
"I put them in the vault. That doesn't violate any treaty."
"How many times have you hidden diamonds in that bank?"
"Two times. "
"Have you hidden anything else in that bank?"
"No" 
Bzzzzzzzzzz
"You lied. What did you hide?"
"Just some papers. This is not a treaty violation. You have no right to pursue this line of questioning. It is not relevant to your inquiries."
"There'll be a short recess while the tribunal considers its options. Princess Guinevere, I'll show you to your portal."
....
"I know the way. You don't have to show me."
"You're using a different portal. Hold my hand."
...
"What are we in? A barn. I can hear an echo."
"This is Ho-Ho-Ho's ship. You can sit with him and see the rest of the proceedings. It won't be safe for you in the Enterprise.3. Go through the door at the end of the corridor. You will not be able to hear our thoughts. Try not to distract Ho-Ho-Ho; we're in a ticklish position right now." 
 # # # # # # # #
"Berith, I'm ready to rule. Do you have anything to say in your defense? You remain under the truth ray."
"Satan was in charge. I was only following orders."
"Did Satan know that you were trying to remove the mermaids from Earth?"
"Yes."
"Did he know about those efforts AFTER Harry had ruled?"
"Yes."
"How do you know?"
"I wrote his news release. We talked about giving him deniability."
"Deniability about what?"
"Deniability of knowing what was going to happen to the mermaids." 
"Knowing what you were doing is not the same as ordering you to kill the mermaids." 
"He ordered me."
"What did he say?"
"He said: We won't have any problems if the mermaids disappear. We were talking about ways to avoid the sanctions."
Ho-Ho-Ho?
Truth all the way through.
Kyty?
The same.
"Did you try and talk him out of it?"
"No."
"Did you want to kill the mermaids?"
"Yes."
"The tribunal will confer."
 # # # # # # # #
"Berith, by unanimous agreement, this tribunal has found you guilty of numerous violations of the Heaven/Hell treaty. Those violations have been described earlier in this tribunal and are in the tribunal minutes. The sanctions that we will apply to Hell are as follows:" 
"Hell has up to ten years to remove the plastic from Earth's oceans and dispose of it in such a manner that it is not a health hazard or a navigational hazard. Areas of the ocean that are too close to populated land will be exempt as authorized by the local Cop. We have not stipulated the number of devils you should assign to the task as that is a decision you should make."
"At the ten year mark, the local Cops will examine Earth's oceans and confirm that Hell has met its obligations. If you have not, one of your trident spaceships will be destroyed." 
"At the eleven year mark, the local Cop will examine Earth's oceans and confirm that Hell has met its obligations. If you have not, another of your trident spaceships will be destroyed." 
"This process of examining Earth's oceans and destroying your trident spaceships will continue until Hell has met its obligations. If it runs out of spaceships, the Cosmos will move on to Lucifus' spaceships." 
"While you are clearing the plastic, the prime directive remains in place and must be strictly observed. All devils working on the project must be in mortal form."
"This court warns Hell's senior management that the Cosmos will not tolerate Hell's continued lack of respect for that treaty. If their disrespect to the treaty continues, sanctions may result in the discontinuation of the payments that the Cosmos is making to Lucifus. There is no appeal to this ruling."
"Berith, I will place you in a locked room until we are able to return you to Hell. Come with me."
 # # # # # # # #
"Were you able to see and hear Berith's testimony properly, Satan?"
"Yes. Clearly, he was lying about my knowledge and involvement."
"I thought that might be possible. I'm having other members of the tribunal working to verify what he said."
"I appreciate that."
"Tribunals like this must always respect the position of Heads of State. For example, we could never put you of all people under the Cosmos' formal truth ray."
"Quite right. I was going to remind you of that."
"No reminder necessary. The sanctions must remain as decreed, of course. Will ten years be enough time for you?"
"I'll have to check with my people."
"Were you aware that Berith was collecting diamonds?"
"No. This is the first I have heard of it."
"I threw those questions in so that you'd be aware."
"Thank you."
"Glad to help. I looked at the images of the papers that he was hiding. Some of them were blueprints. I'm quite adept with blueprints due to my planet's manufacturing base. Did you know that Berith was planning to build a temple?"
"A religious temple?"
"Definitely. The blueprints identified it as a temple to a personage that he referred to as God Money. The temple even had a dollar sign incorporated into the building. The diamonds would have helped finance that building, I believe."
"We have no God Money in Hell. Nobody is allowed to use that word."
"I got the impression that Berith was going to build it on Earth."
"I would never have given him permission to do that."
"That's what I thought. But, as I looked at how Berith was acting with the mermaids, and how the lawyer had been so bad, I began to wonder. What if Berith had picked the lawyer so that Hell would lose the trial and be sanctioned?"
"That lawyer was truly horrible."
"And Berith broke the treaty in such an obvious way. As a result, Hell received even worse sanctions."
"Huh."
"I know this sounds like a conspiracy theory, but did you notice how he blamed you for everything?"
"As I said, he was lying."
"Tell me, what's the line of succession in Hell. You're Satan. Who's #2?"
"Berith is the senior most devil."
"Hmmm." 
"Really? He was trying to take my job?"
"Well, Hell does have a history of losing their Satans. You had that devil that tried to bankrupt you. Could that happen again?"
"No. The Bank of Hell has all the wealth."
"Does that mean that you personally have all the wealth?"
"Yes. At least all the wealth that counts. For safe keeping."
"Of course. Any unhappy campers?"
"No, I rule with an iron claw."
"I noticed in the tour you gave me that there weren't any female devils. I know women, so I know that there are bound to be women devils."
"We call them devilettes."
"Isn't that cute. They're not good enough to get into senior management obviously. How about middle management?" 
"They don't have the necessary temperament to make the tough decisions."
"Too emotional?"
"Yes. You do know women." 
"I know men too. Here's another thing that I noticed on my tour. You have open sewage running down your alleys."
"Devils have cloven hooves."
"And the smell?"
"You get used to it."
"Because the olfactory nerves are destroyed?"
"Probably."
"Did you know that as a tribunal justice, I am obligated to report violations of all the clauses of the Cosmos' constitution?"
"What's that mean?"
"The constitution identifies some basic rights that all Cosmos citizen must have. Your devils fall under the Cosmos constitution because of your association with Lucifus."
"Huh."
"So, I must report to my superiors that your treatment of female devils is in gross violation of the Cosmos' standards that women are expected to have their share of placements within the bureaucracy and have equal opportunity for advancement. You can expect an investigation." 
"I also must report that your sanitary conditions in Hell are gross violations of the Cosmos' standards for health and safety of its citizens. I expect that inspectors will come to Hell in the next couple of weeks, identify what needs to be done with your sanitation, and give you a time frame to make the necessary corrections. They'll sanction you if you don't meet expectations. If you can't pay the sanctions, then Lucifus will have to pay the sanctions for you. I don't expect that they'll like that."
"But..."
"Hold that thought."
 # # # # # # # #
Ho-Ho-Ho, what did you find?
Berith was selling the truth when he said that Satan told him, essentially, to make the mermaids disappear. That means that Satan has lied to you. 
Kyty?
Agreed. We've double checked.
 # # # # # # # #
"Satan, I've just heard from my staff about Berith. He was telling the truth when he said you knew what he was doing and how you had directed him to make the mermaids disappear. They also found that you lied to me during this meeting."
"You can't claim that. I wasn't under the truth ray."
"There's more than one type of truth ray. A Lucifus official has been listening to our conversation. His spaceship will be docking shortly." 

Back to the Table of Contents
Chapter 31: Epilog

Winnie was relaxing in Guinny's office after briefing her fully on what had happened in the tribunal investigations.
"Berith and Satan were found guilty of multiple Heaven/Hell treaty violations, plus Hell will be investigated for several violations of Cosmos constitutional violations," Guinny summarized. "Did you see those coming?"
"The constitutional violations, no. They will have long lasting implications for Hell. More so than the treaty violations which impact only Satan and Berith."
"Clean up the sewers, treat women devils equally and remove the plastic from Earth's oceans," Guinny summarized again. "Their focus will be inward, not outward. We can focus more of our resources on our internal priorities."
 "Thanks to a customer in the Heracles Cluster, Murray and Shields have closed a very lucrative contract with a planet that can manufacture custom made furniture that we'll be able to sit in comfortably. They gave us a very good price. They want chocolate recipes too."
"How'd they know about our need for better furniture?"
"Shields told them, I guess."
"How is Hell going to remove all that plastic? I thought you said it couldn't be sent off planet."
"It can't and there's no way to make it useful."
"Now it's Hell's problem. You never did come up with a solution, did you?"
"Actually, I did. As long as you're patient, New Satan will have to come to Heaven for help."
"New Satan?"
 "Old Satan and Berith are visiting the sun. Burger King must not have liked how they had jeopardized Lucifus' space ships in addition to their Cosmos revenue."
"What's your solution?"
"I'm still trying to get Galahad aboard. He's being difficult."
"Why would Galahad be involved?"
"I'm going to use his forces in the operation. He's not happy about the threat to them."
"What threat?"
"Galahad keeps muttering about invasions and how we shouldn't take that step."
"You're going to invade Hell?"
"It's sort of an invasion, I suppose. Galahad said that if we take military personnel plus weapons into Hell, that's an invasion."
"You'd be taking weapons into Hell?"
"They're essential to the plan."
"Can these weapons kill devils?"
"I suppose they could."
"Wouldn't we be violating our treaty with Hell?"
"Not if New Satan invited us into Hell."
"Under what circumstances would he do that?"
"Desperation. There is no way for him to remove that plastic any other way than the one that you will offer him. You'll give him what he needs to satisfy the inspectors out of the goodness of your heart." 
"Inspectors plural?"
"We'll help them with their sewer problems at the same time as we help them with the plastic."
"Where's that plastic going in this plan of yours?"
"Think of it this way. Through his devils, Satan sent tons of plastic to Earth. Now Earth is going to return that plastic to Hell. I'm calling the operation, Return to Sender. Fortunately Hell is downward from Earth.
"That's important? How?"
"You'll see."
[As will my readers in Book #35.]

Back to the Table of Contents


Books in the Wilizy series

As of August 2021, there were thirty-four novels in the Wilizy series. Check below to see if you've missed any. 

Book #1: I Got'cha

If you think being a teenager in today's world is tough, try being one in 2081. In Alberta's It's Only Fair society, your brain-band will zap you just for chewing with your mouth open. One boy pried his brain-band off to see what living with emotions would be like. Being chased by the entire Alberta army was bad enough. It became worse when another 15 year old kid offered to help him escape. 

Book #2: The Get-Even Bird 

Will and Izzy are forced to flee from Zzyk's army. After months away from Alberta, they fly their sailing ship into B.C. thinking that they would be safe there. Bad mistake! Izzy is captured. All Will has to do to save her life is turn himself in for a free brain-band fitting appointment. That's what happens when you wear a Zorro costume to a dance. 

Book #3: Assassination Day

A DPS technician offers to defect if the Wilizy will rescue his daughter from The Citadel – some super smart military people who are friends with Zzyk. Izzy thinks that their new recruit is an assassin, but Yollie insists that he's a decent man. Can assassins be decent men? It will take a hair-raising experience to find out. 




Book #4: Hoist the Jolly Lucas

It's bad enough that Zzyk pins the blame for two assassinations on Izzy and launches a full out assault on their home compound. But then, another enemy takes advantage of a security lapse to get revenge for a war that happened 20 years ago. The Wilizy are left reeling with two key members kidnapped and stashed where they can't be found, let alone rescued. For the family to survive, everybody must enter the battle. The story is as much about the past as it is about the present. 

Book #5: Teenage Mutant Ninja Torpedoes (Yes, this is a Wilizy book.) 

Mac disappears and doesn't want to be found. Will and Wolf use time-travel to search for her and discover secrets she wouldn't want them to know. The Alaskans attack when Will is finding out what happens to a submarine's air when it is lying helpless on the ocean floor. Between the Alaskans' impenetrable fortress and their bubblegum weapons, life is going to get a little sticky for the Wilizy. 

Book #6: Bob, the Invisible Dragon

Raging hormones as well as Raging Gardeners play key roles when young Wilizy warriors are attacked and the Wilizy's scientific marvels offer no protection. The youngsters' future will rely on a different kind of warrior protecting them. Warning: events at the end of the story will move quickly. They certainly won't drag on. 
 
Book #7: Nary, Nary, Quite Contrary

Theo and Lucas move to Toronto to live on their own. Both meet girls but neither is brave enough to introduce his new friend to the family. They wouldn't have the time anyway, what with villains trying to assassinate them and Voodoo royalty greeting them as though they were Voodoo gods. At the end of the story, Lucas receives a surprise Boxing Day gift that leaves him speechless. 
Book #8: Maddy's a Baddy

Maddy had escaped from Big Momma only to find herself all alone in the cold and begging for food in Eastern Canada. While she's trying to return to her home in Seattle, the Wilizy have their own problems. Everybody in the family is intent on bringing the judge to justice for what he did to Lucas. It would have been so easy for them to rescue Maddy, but they didn't know anything about her. 

Book #9: Bite Me! 

Spurred on by Marie's desire to eat a meal with her former slave masters, the Wilizy plan to put Safe Haven ranches out of business. In the process, they encounter two foreign assassins intent on abducting Maddy. Theo and Nary become closer but a red-eyed chaperone does not approve. The Wilizy's war with Safe Haven starts with a bang but ends with a whimper. 

Book #10: Wheelchair Moccasins! 

A 13 year old girl pretends to turn to prostitution to gain her freedom from her crime boss father. In Wilizy family news, Winnie agrees not to meddle in Mathias' love life. No, the world isn't ending, so long as you don't have a green vegetable for your name. Best advice ever? If somebody wearing moccasins and sitting in a wheelchair offers to sing you to sleep... run!

Book #11: Trial by Nick

After the Scandinavians attack their home base, Winnie develops an idea for defeating Crown Prince Wilhelm that is a dramatic departure from their normal military battles. In their personal lives, the Toronto teenagers have to become schnobs to keep their basketball futures alive, Lucas and Lylah begin dating, and two of EmmaGee's personalities leave her body. 
Book #12. Tickled Pink

A man uses his unlimited wealth and power to assault women without fear of legal consequences. If they object, he'll humiliate them publicly and ruin their lives. If they don't stand up to him, their lives as they knew them will be over. But how do you fight a man who is above the law? Here's how. The Raging Gardeners help the women while Winnie attacks him where he isn't looking. 

Book #13: Second Base

Granny and Doc enjoy a spirited life in their new Australian house while Bean has to adjust to her mother joining her in the Wilizy cadet camp. She meets a charming man with country pumpkin witticisms whose entire life is dedicated to becoming a cold blooded killer. Meanwhile, Safe Haven's impenetrable offices aren't as safe as they thought they were. 

Book #14: Old Stone Face

Bean moves to Toronto with her sheriff who takes a job as a private detective. Before long, he's trying to bring a mad scientist to justice - the same man that Winnie is after. With both the Wilizy and a countrified sheriff after the same man, you'd think he'd be easy to catch. Too bad there are no laws about a mad scientist killing twenty-one babies. 

Book #15: Remember the Halocracy

Reese finds Annika - his first, and only, girl friend. For reasons that nobody fully understands, he sort of kidnaps her but she willingly accompanies him to the far side of globe. Reese figures out later that she could be trying to seduce him when in fact, she's actually going to try to kill him. 


Book #16: Coffee Can Kill Ya! 

Convincing Paula's brother to give her a proper share of her parents' estate had seemed so easy. Turned out that it wasn't so easy after all. In the Wilizy's defense, murdering extra-terrestrials that tried to kidnap a corpse created unique challenges. To their credit, the Wilizy dealt with those. But, how do you deal with something that you can't see and don't even know exists? 

Book #17: Nice Birthday Party, Governor. 

Plot twists abound as the Wilizy take on the Colorado government and the NORAD military simultaneously. Maddy quits the cadet corp to run a secret operation that ends in a one-on-one battle. Melissa breaks Reese out of jail and Cowboy shows his dramatic talents, which do not include stripping. Winnie directs two dramatic productions but only one of these involves wearing respectable clothes. 

Book #18: The Tale of the Scorpion's Tail

The Wilizy have to neutralize NORAD's nuclear missiles while defeating their air force without causing any casualties. A special weapon (guided bird poop) will be needed. Meanwhile, Heaven's guardian angels are under attack from within. The key to success? Rescuing a gerbil imprisoned in an escape-proof cage. "Molly Moonblossom" and "Nympho Maniac" play key roles. One of these actors is Winnie. 

Book #19: Brunhilda, the Steamroller. 

Billy Bump resurfaces and plans Maddy's death. Winnie accepts a secret mission but runs afoul of Yolanda, who is sure that she has a boyfriend. Yolanda's vision that Winnie will be attacked comes true. Demonic infiltrators into Heaven escape detection when the steamroller named Brunhilda prosecutes Arthur and finds him guilty. This time, he won't be going back to guardian angel school.
Book #20: Lock Up Your Corn Starch!

While Paula, Winnie and Arthur are on a perilous mission for Heaven, the Wilizy family is trying to rescue Charlie and Sheila from prison. Wilizy forces battle demented escaped convicts intent on slaughtering innocent victims to help a brown supremacist politician win an election. If you're intent on going to Hell when you die, be sure to read this book for a preview of what's waiting for you. 


Book #20: The Champion Kisser

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 


Book #21: The Champion Kisser 

Melissa's Operation Beef Jerky, featuring pragmatic momma cows and flying unbranded calves, goes after a stinky justice. In Hell, Winnie has to deal with a dead pharmacist and an asparagus-shaped devil geek in her operation against the perfume-toting, hog-riding Rat. On her side is a pussy tat named Santa Claws and a junk food eating canary that has a fatal encounter with a loaded frying pan. 

Book #22: Black Cats: Lucky or Unlucky?

Strange characters abound in this story. You'll meet a woman named Fido, a purple gnome, a mining gal that can make a cowhand vibrate, a safe-cracking masked marauder, a stinker bell, a high wire gymnast afraid of height, three hench-devils, and a devil wearing an Elizabethan ebony doublet, complete with raven black satin breeches and a heart shaped codpiece. Oh yeah. There's also a black cat. 

Book #23: Morgana Foils the Duke's Plans

In Book #23, you'll meet a zesty Zulu goddess who pulls a spear of gold out of a lake bed. An angel named Prudence has a potty mouth. A dolphin in the Cops of the Cosmos arranges for Heaven to invade Hell. Queen Guinevere meets Sir Galahad, Sir Lance Lott, and Sir Launchalot, one of whom is not gallant. The perfume toting Morgana wields a devilish weapon of mass olfaction. 

Book #24: Who Painted Lord Percy?

Book #24 asks the question: Who Painted Lord Percy? The suspects include: a dead man who hunts perverts, a condom buying female angel, the devil named Gold Pinkies, a cherry pie barfing angel, a mortal resigned to joining The Borg's beehive, a skinny-dipping ghost, a devil named Adolf Hitler, an angel who can't pucker up to kiss, and the angels who protected Christopher Columbus.

Book #25: Happy Valentine's Day

Maddy is kidnapped by a witless devil named Pig Snout who stashes her in a retail outlet in Hell. With the help of Molly Moonblossom and Fanny Fandigity, the Wilizy bring a bullying businessman to justice and do it in a dandy way. Reese enjoys Valentine's Day in a way he never expected. A new hero emerges from the Wilizy's past. It will be nigh impossible for readers to guess who she is. 
Book #26: Lights, Camera, Action

Winnie gets a new angelic body, meets an angel from the medieval era, and gets a crash course on trident-shaped spaceships. Meanwhile, Satan is planning multiple changes to Hell that will have dangerous consequences for the Cosmos as well as for all female devils. If Winnie's three operations are successful, afterlife in Hell could be less misogynistic and perhaps even entertaining. 

Book #27: Bring your PJs

Readers will witness a treacherously-honest and bigoted politician take over a government and attack a defenseless opponent without warning. [Spoiler alert: This is the dastardly villain.] You'll also see heroes perform the national chicken revolution dance, defeat cheaters in a spaceship war, survive being cursed, and sneak off for a little romance without being caught by an all-knowing deity. 

Book #28: Queen Karita's Revenge

In this book, a brown-supremacist, power hungry politician uses her drunken army to subdue Nevada and Utah. The Wilizy use 'free trade' to defeat her. Readers will also learn about a strip-teasing jail-bait assassin, underage mortals entering and leaving Hell, Molly Moonblossom at work, the word 'gazendogalapadus,' Winnie becoming a mother, and Karita's cockamamie revenge. 

Book #29: I am the Light

In this story, you'll read about an R-rated welcome home costume, a bright light that talked, Sheila' and Stook's unwilling assassin, a pregnant ghost, a horse that could whinny a song, a female starship captain that was punished for exceeding planetary speed limits, an angel with vampire teeth, and a drug boss who wore pink panties that were far too small for him. The bra fit nicely though. 
Book #30: Cathog

Asmodeus' plan to capture Galahad, Shields and Winnie is two-thirds successful when Winnie finds out what has happened. She knows that her efforts to rescue them might end up with a trip to Planet Corpse, but walks into the trap anyway. Justice investigates Satan and Burger King but can't prove anything. They go unpunished. Spoiler alert: No cat-hogs were harmed in the publication of this novel. 


Book #31: The Coconut of Truth

Reese succeeds in his first trial by using a truth-compelling coconut. Marie's adjusted babysitting body is effective, but disconcerting. Justice offers Winnie a smoking hot time if she takes on a solo operation. This will present Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel in cameo appearances before an unconventional God. Winnie solves the case with smoke and mirrors. She didn't need the guillotine at all. 


Book #32: Merly

Readers will meet Merly, a young teenage mermaid who doesn't want her father to marry her to the highest bidder. (Almost extinct mermaids are a valuable marriage commodity in the Cosmos.) Merly uses two devils, PornoGuy and Old Geezer, to illustrate what will happen to any husband if he touches her. Here's some advice if you run into her. Don't listen to her singing. She has a potent E I E I O.

Book #33: Yes! Dragons Exist!

Merly's mermaids bring watery justice to Blubber-Guts, a grossly overweight inner pentagram devil. Meanwhile, the Wilizy family sends a sailing ship into battle against Esteemed Cow Pie's nuclear tipped missiles. Not to worry. The Valkyries had their giggles locked and loaded. The super-secret agent who infiltrated the Wilizy in Book #3 is revealed. You have 150 pages to guess who it is.


Book #34: Return to Sender

In a legal battle, Heaven's lawyer (Fluffer-Doodle) defends the mermaids against Hell's Fylybstr who claims that they are piscine (fish) terrorists. A tribunal composed of a jolly green giant, a black panther, and a pink-faced humanoid investigate further. They rule that Hell has to remove all the plastic from Earth's oceans. Unfortunately for Hell, Winnie has an idea how they can do that. 

Back to the Table of Contents

About the Author

David J. Wighton is a retired educator who enjoys writing youth novels when he's not on a basketball court coaching middle-school girls. The books in his Wilizy series peek at how people lived after the word's governments collapsed in the chaos that followed the catastrophic rise in ocean levels and the disappearance of the world's last deposits of oil. 

Wighton's novels have strong teenage characters driving the plot and facing challenges that, in many respects, are no different from what teenagers face today. His novels are intended to entertain and readers will find adventure, romance, suspense, humour, a strong focus on family, plus a touch of whimsy. Wighton also writes to provoke a little thought about life in today's societies and what the future might bring. Teachers may find the series useful in the classroom and the novels are priced with that intent in mind. 
 
Back to the Table of Contents





