



Rift of Askrah
Book 1: Fracture
By Benjamin Andrews
Published by Magic Jar Publishing at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Benjamin Andrews

This ebook has been licensed for your personal enjoyment. If you wish to give this book to another person, please return to the website at which it was purchased, and purchase another copy. Please respect the hard work of this author. Events and characters in this work are fictional.





Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Thanks for Reading!
Index




Chapter 1


The Nation of Draven


“Lord Nihlen, are you listening to me?” Trayn called. It sounded so far off that Nihlen didn’t realize it was him being called. “Lord Nihlen, I am trying to teach you the significance of the strategy used by Duke Mellingham in the battle of Cascadia, but all you do is stare out that window. Is there something out there more interesting than my lecture?”
The sound of Trayn slapping the table with his hand pulled Nihlen Draven out of his thoughts. He turned from the window to find the wrinkly, but very serious face of his long time teacher, Trayn Tilradrinae, nearly touching his own. He was so close, Nihlen could count the wisps of white hair remaining on the balding man’s head. His eyes were a deep green, and reflected the amazing amount of wisdom and knowledge contained in them. He was short, even sitting as Nihlen was, the two looked eye to eye. His clothes were of the highest grade, a white shirt and black pants cut in an opulent style. They were heavily wrinkled though. Trayn cared for his studies far more than his clothes.
“My apologies, Professor Tilradrinae.” Nihlen said, bowing his head with all the royal grace he could muster in his sitting position. “Your lecture is indeed fascinating as always, and any other day I would be on the edge of my seat while listening… But today, I just can’t seem to focus.”
“I’m not surprised.” Trayn said, his voice quivering slightly. It seemed old age was catching up with him. Maybe it’s time for father to find a replacement for the Professor so he can retire? Nihlen thought briefly. Trayn must have read the thought on his face, because he straightened up, the ghost of a smile playing around his lips. “I will still be teaching when you have children my Lord. I still have many years left in me!”
Nihlen suddenly burst out laughing, and Trayn with him. Trayn had been Nihlen’s teacher his entire life. He had taught him almost everything he knew in a vast number of subjects. Trayn knew as much about Nihlen as almost anyone else. “I do not doubt that one bit. I am sorry for being a poor student today.” Nihlen said, filling his voice with an almost unearthly grace.
In the pause that followed, Nihlen looked around the room. They were in a large study, sitting at a table in the middle of the room. Surrounding them were countless maps, charts, tools for mathematics, astronomy, and more besides. Bookcases full of books of every shape and size. In large boxes stacked all around the room were papers filled with Nihlen’s work over the years. All of this was a testament to the things Nihlen had learned, and the magnitude of his lifetime of education surrounded him.
“I can tell you definitely didn’t slack in your studies of grace, but I wouldn’t count on that fake tone all the time. It certainly wouldn’t get you out of lessons any other day, and I’d probably beat you with my cane for mocking me!” Trayn brandished his cane in mock anger as he said the last line. “However, I anticipated this would happen. Today is a very big day for you after all, so I never planned to keep you for too long. Your father would be most displeased if I were to hamper your preparations for this evening's event.” Trayn said, slowly limping away from where Nihlen sat. “You’ll owe me twice as much work when we next meet, so get out of here!”
Nihlen immediately jumped up, and bowed deeply to his teacher. “Thank you Professor, I’ll see you at the ceremony tonight!”
With that, Nihlen quickly put away his books, and left the room. Outside in the hallway, he began to stroll toward his room, which in the large castle he lived in was relatively far away. Nihlen took his time walking down the hallway. He even stopped to look at the expensive tapestries, paintings and the other countless symbols around him of his family’s wealth. An urn made of solid gold, encrusted with gems that glittered and gleamed in the light. A painting of the Draven landscape painted two hundred years before, and another of the city of Draven, showing the castle towering above. He meandered slowly down the hall taking them all in. Not something he would normally do, but today was not a normal day.
Nihlen Draven is the son of King Elren Draven, the current king of the nation of Draven. Today is a very important day for Nihlen. Today is his sixteenth birthday, the age which one is recognized as an adult throughout the land. For Nihlen though, it is also his official debut as the First Prince of Draven, officially making him next in line for the succession of the crown. People from all over Draven, and many representatives of foreign nations, would be arriving for the ceremony that night. Today is the first step down the Path which Nihlen, like any other person, will take during their life. On a much grander scale in this case though.
Deciding he could no longer afford to dawdle in the halls, Nihlen steeled himself, and made his way to his room. As he opened the door, he looked around. It was brightly lit, and flames danced in an enormous marble hearth. A large wardrobe loomed in the corner, stuffed full of clothes in countless styles and materials. His bed was in the center of the room, which was also where he found his maid, Fadah Meskit, hanging something on the bed's canopy.
“Ah, Young Master Nihlen, you have returned early from your studies. That is unusual. Professor Tilradrinae usually keeps you until much later then this.” Fadah said, bowing down before him.
“You aren’t supposed to be able to call me ‘Young Master’ anymore, I’m a man now Fadah!” Nihlen exclaimed, though his voice light and playful as he moved into the room to examine what Fadah was hanging up.
“You are not a man until the ceremony is complete.” Fadah said innocently, ruffling the top of his sleek black hair as he approached. Nihlen had always been very close to Fadah, and didn’t really think of her as his servant. “I must enjoy calling you ‘Young Master’ all I can for what little time I have left to do so!”
Nihlen chuckled quietly to himself. He didn’t mind Fadah calling him 'Young Master' at all, and he never really expected that to change. “Are these the clothes for the ceremony tonight?” He asked, turning from Fadah to examine the items she had brought in.
“They were just finished a little over an hour ago. The seamstress and her team have worked for over a week to prepare these.” Fadah said, moving back as Nihlen pulled the garments closer to himself. “Made from the finest silk imported from Sulur, hand embroidered by the best tailors in the land. These snow white robes are truly befitting of a ceremony of this level.”
As Nihlen stared at the new clothing, the smile slowly disappeared off his face. In just a few hours, there will be no turning back. I will be on the Path that I am destined to travel. Like it or not, this is the fate I must accept.
“Are you nervous for tonight, Young Master?” Fadah asked, so very gently. She placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. She had always been able to tell when something was wrong with him. Even with all his training in many different fields, all in the name of becoming a great king, Fadah was one who he could never hide his feelings from. She had such a gentle, motherly appearance. Her long brown hair was tied back tight, and she always wore an apron. Her face was full and kind, her skin still smooth even though she was starting to pass into the later years of life. When looking into her deep brown eyes, all Nihlen could see was kindness and love.
He paused for a slight moment before he answered. “I’m not nervous. I have the ceremonies memorized, and I am confident the ceremony will go off without a hitch. It’s just…” Nihlen trailed off, not sure how to say what he was feeling. It’s just the other important part of tonight’s ceremony. The other part of the Path I must take, all part of the fate decided for me long before I was even born.
“Laurel Illenwood.” Fadah said.
Nihlen cringed, even the name was enough to make him feel ill. “I’m sure that Laurel is a very nice girl, but how can I be expected to be engaged to someone before I even know anything about them?” Nihlen asked, more to himself than to Fadah, but she responded none the less.
“You can be expected because you will be the future king of this land, Nihlen.” Fadah only dropped the 'Young Master' and used his first name when she was truly concerned about him, or very serious. Her tone was quite serious too, another rarity. “You know the situation with Laurel’s family, and you must do what is necessary to protect the royal family, even if it is something you do not necessarily wish for yourself.”
Once again, Nihlen cringed at Fadah’s words, but he knew she was right. It was all the more painful because she was right. Long before his time, during his grandfather, Laheal Draven's reign as king, an incident occurred. Laheal had a healthy lust for women. One of his encounters was with a member of the Illenwood family, and a child was born of this union. For the remainder of his days, that was held over Laheal's head. When he died, a brutal battle began behind the scenes between Nihlen’s father, Elren, and the illegitimate son, Marian Illenwood. Marian threatened to expose the infidelity of the previous King, which could have threatened Elren's chances of ascending to the throne. In the end, a deal was made that the Illenwood family would be raised to noble status, and that Elren’s first son would marry the oldest daughter of the Illenwood family, securing them a place within the royal family.
It’s not fair I have to pay the price for the choice of another. Nihlen thought bitterly.
“Fadah, I wish to prepare for the ceremony, you’re dismissed.” Nihlen said, turning from her. He always felt bad when he treated her like a servant, even if she was one. At the moment though, he needed to be alone.
“As you wish, Young Master. I wish you luck with the ceremony.” Fadah said, bowing once more. She moved to the door, and opened it. “Young Master, just one more thing. No matter how bleak the Path before you seems, just remember that around the turn you can’t see is something different.” And with that, she left.
Unfortunately, the Path before me was laid out in a straight line long before I was even born… I can see where it begins, and where it ends. Nihlen thought, slowly filling with depression. He flopped back on his bed, turning away from the clothes hanging before him. He leaned on his side, elbow propping him up, and looked out the large portrait window in front of him. Is it so wrong to wish to walk my own Path? What Fadah said is true, I am the future ruler of this land. Is it selfish that I feel such resentment for my Path already being chosen? I just wish I could carve my own Path… Have my own adventure…
Find my own love.
Nihlen burned up the remainder of his time lost in thoughts of the Path he was about to take. He had a great life so far, there was no denying that. He was surrounded by a loving family, servants who took care of him. He was wealthy beyond imagination, surrounded by opulence and never wanting for anything. Part of him berated himself for the resentment he felt at being locked into this world. Who outside the palace would not change places with me in a heartbeat? They would think me a fool, or crazy for feeling how I feel.
Slowly, the sun began to set, and Nihlen knew he could put it off no longer. He rose, and pulled his clothes off. Reaching for the ceremonial robes, his hand began to quiver. It’s hard to reach for this fate… But I must! I do not have the right to choose whether I want this or not. I must be strong for the nation of Draven! I cannot fail those people out there, they are counting on me!
Nihlen had never really wanted to be a king. Not wholly anyways. He'd known his whole life it was to be though, and he didn't loathe becoming king so much as some of the losses he was incurring in the exchange. The exchange was already made before he was born though. It just was, and he had to accept it. Growing up, he was groomed from a young age for the day he would take up the mantle as king. From sword fighting to history, he had studied in countless fields, and excelled at everything he did. One after another, people would say that he would make a fine king. For many years as a child, he didn’t realize what any of it really meant. But one day, his curiosity began to stir, and Nihlen approached his father.
“Father, who are we? Why do we live so differently from everyone else? This giant castle, all this wealth, and the people all calling you King. Why are things like this?” A young Nihlen asked his father.
“Things are like this because I protect these people Nihlen. Every country needs a ruler. Someone to whom the people can look up to, someone who will protect them. Our family took up this responsibility long ago. We must always care for the people of this land, Nihlen. Even if it means laying down our lives, the people of this country are far more important than the riches or large castle.” The King smiled as he explained to Nihlen.
“But if they don’t mean anything then why do we have them? Why doesn’t everyone live in a castle?” Nihlen pressed.
“We have them so that other countries will respect me. If they respect me, then war can be avoided. There are many aspects to being a ruler, and you will learn them in due time my son. Just remember this, before the people, everything else is meaningless. Nothing matters more than keeping the people of this land safe.”
“Yes father!” Nihlen said, with that enthusiasm you can only have as a child who doesn’t really understand. “One day, I’ll be a great King, just like you!”
For a long time after that, Nihlen studied even harder, and looked forward to becoming the king. He wanted to make his father proud, and protect the people just like he wished. But as he continued to age, he realized he hungered for something else too.
His freedom.
As choices were constantly made for him, Nihlen began to feel like a box was being built around his Path, narrowing the places he could choose to go. Before long, he had realized that he didn’t have any choice which way he would take. When he had been told of his predestined marriage to Laurel, it felt like the lid had been placed on the box. For the first time since he had talked with his father, and looked forward to becoming the king, he actually wished he could escape his fate.
“It’s time.” Nihlen said, just those two words pressed on him like like a massive boulder. He couldn't escape.
He quickly dawned the robe, pure white with elaborate gold-threading laying out the symbol of Draven, a golden sun shining down on a single tree, and examined himself in the mirror. His skin was pale, the color accented by the pure whiteness of the robe he had put on. His hair was sleek, dark black, shoulder length, and pulled into a tightly braided ponytail. Dark green eyes stared back at him, and in them he saw fear. Suddenly, he dropped to his knees, and broke eye contact with himself. The weight is too heavy… I don’t know if I can bear it. His muscles tensed, his reflexes on edge. It felt like he was fighting, ready to move in a split second. The life I have longed for is about to walk out the door with me, but it will walk the other way, disappearing with every step I take, never to be seen again.
With the sheer force of his will alone, he rose to his feet, and looked in the mirror. He dawned a perfect mask of joy and calmness. “It’s time to go become a man then.”
Outside of his door were several maids, none which he recognized off hand. “Are you ready my Lord? Let’s go.” One said.
The small party made their way through the castle, heading for the entrance room. One of the largest rooms in the castle, it was opened wide. It could easily fit a thousand people with room to spare, which is about how many people would be attending. Just beyond the massive solid oak door in front of them was a hallway. Waiting there would be his family, and the nobles of the land. Through a set of double doors beyond that was the party waiting just for him. Sad to think I want to avoid a party...
“Here I go.” Nihlen said, more to get himself moving than anything. He grasped the door knob, and opened it slowly.
Seated within the hallway were the royal family, consisting of Nihlen’s father, mother, two older sisters, one younger sister, and the many noble families of the land. Nihlen intentionally kept his gaze upon his family, not wanting his eyes to wander in search of his bride to be.
“Nihlen, happy birthday my son!” His father said, moving forward to embrace him. Elren Draven was a very large man, broad of hands and shoulder. His face was beginning to show lines from the stress and duties of leadership, though his green eyes were sharp as ever. He wore a crown atop is short black hair, though wisps of gray could be seen sneaking in here and there. The regal presence he gave off added to the whole ensemble. He truly looked the part he played. He had to bend down as the two embraced, and Nihlen wondered if he would grow to be as tall as his father. As muscular as well. When Nihlen looked at his father, he saw what he believed to be the symbol of strength, and a person he’d like to grow up to be just like. “Are you nervous?”
“A little, but I am prepared.” He lied, only slightly though. He was prepared for the ceremony. The rest however...
Nihlen’s mother, Helera Draven, moved forward then, enveloping her son in the perfect motherly hug. “I am so proud of you Nihlen! I know you'll be amazing out there.” Her movements and speech were the epitome of grace, flawless in every way. Her beauty was the same. She was revered as one of the most beautiful queens of all the known world. But before any of that, her blue eyes, black hair, and gentle face radiated kindness and love. She didn’t seem to have the problem most royalty had, that they were always looking down at you. She always seemed to be looking into you, reassuring you and showing kindness, even if it was to the lowliest stable boy. The dress she wore was black as the darkest midnight, causing her cascade of dark hair to seemingly disappear wherever the two touched.
“You look so handsome Nihlen.” She said, pulling him close and kissing him on the cheek. “It seems like only yesterday I held you in my arms for the first time… I can't believe this day is here already. Have fun tonight, and try not to worry about the future so much.” She whispered at the end as she moved away from him.
His mother was another of the people he could never hide his feeling from. And even though he felt like the weight of what was to come would crush him, his mother’s words allowed him to breathe a little easier. They always did, no matter the situation. He smiled gratefully as she moved away, thankful he at least had his family to help him along this preordained Path.
Next were his sisters, Eladia and Meladia, twins who were nearing the age of twenty-one. When Nihlen was working hard, many times they were the only thing that helped him through it all. Laughing and joking with him, always helping him ease the tension and relax. Identical down to the smallest detail, be it their dark black hair just like their mother’s, or the elegant and powerful, yet beautiful faces they seemed to inherit from their father. Even the clothes they wore, which that night were elegant lavender gowns, were impossible for most to tell apart. They could even fool their parents into not knowing which was which. Nihlen had always been the only one who could tell them apart. No matter how hard they tried, Nihlen could always tell who was who. They had always played that game, the sisters determined to finally fool the brother, and the brother determined to always know which sister was which. They had bonded that way, and cared deeply for one another.
“Little brother.” The sisters said in unison. They did that a lot. “He’s going to be trying to boss us around now Meladia.” Eladia said to her sister.
“I'm sure he will.” Meladia responded.
“To think our troublesome little brother is really grown up now. It’s hard to believe.” They said together once again.
“You guys wouldn’t do anything I said even if I were the king.” Nihlen said, meaning every word. He’d never be able to tell those two what to do. They’ll always be his older sisters after all. Like they’d take my orders.
“Good luck little brother, happy birthday.” Eladia said, hugging him close.
“We’ll be right there supporting you, happy birthday Nihlen.” Meladia said, also embracing him tightly.
“Last but not least, it’s little Carlin.” Nihlen said, pulling the small girl into his embrace.
“Don’t call me little!” Carlin yelled, stamping her feet angrily. “I’m nine years old!” She crossed his arms angrily, looking away from Nihlen.
“You are getting pretty big.” Nihlen said, making Carlin’s face light up. “One day we'll be having a big party for you when you reach adulthood. Sounds fun right?”
Carlin squealed a little, running up to hug Nihlen. She was quite petite for her age though, and only stood up to his waist, and hugged his leg. Of the three girls, she definitely resembled their mother the most. “Will there be sweets and games and presents?” She asked, her face animated in intense excitement. Her dark green eyes, just like Nihlen’s, were shining brightly beneath her mane of black hair. The two looked amazingly alike, and were unmistakable as siblings. “It’s here for you today though big brother, happy birthday!”
“Thank you Carlin.” Nihlen said, pulling her into another embrace.
“With that, I believe it is about time for us to begin this ceremony. If everyone would please begin making their way down the hallway, we can let the celebration begin!” King Draven declared, his voice loud and full of authority.
Slowly the families around them began to make their way down the long hallway, holding whispered conversations no doubt about the ceremony and Nihlen. The Draven family brought up the rear, and Nihlen tried to block them out as he turned his focus to the task at hand. He ran through the ceremonies in his mind one last time, making sure everything was in order. Out of the hallway they flowed, and down the steps, lining up along the giant staircase. When the last person had taken their place, filling the stairs on both sides from top to bottom, the Draven family emerged at the top of the stair case.
“I’d like to welcome you all to this very special event!” The King’s voice boomed, as the entire Draven family, except Nihlen, began to move down the stairs. The crowd began applauding loudly. “As you all know, tonight is a very special night. Tonight my son, Nihlen Draven, becomes the First Prince and a man!” The spectators below added cheers to the applause, deafening from the amount of voices echoing in the hall. The King put his hands up to motion for silence. “If everyone could please remain silent, I will begin the ceremony without further delay.”
The instant silence that swept through the room like a gust of wind was genuine, the only sound the echo of the descending party’s footsteps. Each echoing movement pressed on Nihlen like a drum beat. I must remain outwardly calm. He thought to himself, finding his center. I must wear the mask of nobility, not showing my emotions on the outside. Normally this was not hard for Nihlen, but each of those footsteps felt like one closer toward the edge of an abyss he’d never escape. Each step was like a hit, threatening to pull the very breath from him. It was very difficult to keep the tension out of his face and body.
Then the footsteps stopped.
Standing as straight as he ever had, Nihlen took a deep breath, and began to make his way down the stairs. The ceremony had begun.
“I, Nihlen Draven, accept the Path laid before me today.” These people around me… “The responsibility I must bear with this coming of age I accept with open arms.” Blocking all sides of the Path… “From today onward I will walk bearing the weight of destiny on my shoulders.” The Path is decided, the first steps taken. The only choice left is straight ahead. “I will not falter, or stray from the path of righteousness.” There’s no turning back now. “This vow I solemnly make before all those who bear witness to this testament.” Hopes, dreams, desires… It seems this path is making me leave unnecessary baggage behind. “May the spirits who came before me, and the Great One who will judge me after this life, guide me along my Path.” The final words… The die is cast! “Down the Path I have accepted, I will now walk. In the steps of all men who have come before me, I stand here before you, head held high, starting now down the Path walked by so many before me.” Nihlen finished.
The audience burst into applause and cheering once more, so much louder now that Nihlen had reached the bottom of the stair case.
“Nihlen, as your King I congratulate you on your passage into adult hood. Now for the second part of the ceremony, the crowning as the First Prince.” King Draven called to all around.
From his belt, the King pulled a sword from a sheathe. Made in the rapier style, and of solid gold, it had been used in the crowning ceremony since the establishment of the Draven family.
“The pure white robe which you have donned symbolizes the purity that is the royal family of Draven.” That 'purity' is nothing more than a delusion! Nihlen thought, surprised at the malice he felt when thinking that. “As this robe is pure and white, so too are you. The choices you make from this day forward will shape your rule in the future. Remember this purity, and strive to keep that for all the time you reign. I, Elren Draven, the current King of the nation of Draven, hereby recognize Nihlen Draven as the First Prince of Draven.” With the final words, the King pressed the rapier to the top of Nihlen’s head.
“I, Nihlen Draven,” Nihlen began, picking up his part in the ceremony. “Accept your recognition for the title of First Prince. I swear my life to the throne of Draven. I shall give my life, body, and soul to ensure this nation‘s safety. I will fight alongside my brothers in times of war, and take care of them in times of peace. My life now exists solely for the land of Draven. This I swear on the lives of those who walked this Path before me.”
For a third time the crowd cheered, and louder than ever. As they cheered, Nihlen’s father turned from him to a man approaching from the front of the nearby crowd. In his hands was an ornate box, which he opened as he knelt before the King. Reaching inside, he pulled out a crown. It was ornately designed, made of gold and encrusted with gems of every shape, size, and color. Nihlen bowed, allowing the crown to be placed on his head. The crowd erupted in cheers once more.
“The ceremony is complete!” The King yelled over the voices of the crowd, bringing them to silence once more. “Before we all enjoy the party this evening, there is one more piece of business that needs to be attended to. I would like to announce the engagement of the First Prince, Nihlen Draven, to the daughter of Lord Marian Illenwood, Laurel Illenwood.”
As the crowd cheered, a young woman stepped out from the people lining the stair case. That must be her. Nihlen thought, watching as she slowly descended the stairs. She was beautiful, Nihlen had to admit. Her skin was paler even than his, and seemed to glow through the silver gown she wore. Her hair was a deep chestnut brown, a bold and lovely accentuation to her fair skin. It was tied back in an intricate pattern with an elegant white bow. She moved with grace and poise befitting anyone of noble status. Anyone looking on would think the match was perfect.
Even though she was beautiful, Nihlen wasn’t surprised his feelings about the situation hadn’t changed. It had never been about how she looked, but that he knew nothing about her, and yet still had to do what he was about to do. He didn’t get to earn her love, court her as those outside the palace would. She was simply being given to him, as if she was property. He felt like property too, being given to her to satiate the greed of their family, and to pay the debt that belonged to his grandfather.
As she reached the bottom of the staircase, she knelt deeply. “My Prince.” She said, bowing her head deeply as well. Her voice was soft and velvety. “I have come at your request.”
Nihlen knelt before her, staring straight into her eyes. If he was going to do it, he may as well do it right. “Laurel Illenwood, on this day I offer my heart to you. I promise to stay true to you, like an arrow flying to its target. I will protect you, cherish you, and love you for all time. I ask that you will become my bride, will you accept?” This feels so wrong…
“I accept.” Laurel said, extending her hand down toward Nihlen. He accepted her hand, and kissed it twice. The final ceremony was complete. For the rest of the night, as the party continued and people came to congratulate him, Nihlen worked hard to keep his mask of joy in place.
In the shadows of the crowd, eyes were looking on. Each with reasons of their own, they watched the coronation of the First Prince.





Chapter 2


The Nation of Rinh


“Are you ready?” Cal asked, moving into the deep shadow of a building. He looked out at the crowd gathered in the night, laughing, drinking, and enjoying a general sense of revelry.
“Not yet…” Marina responded, also peering around the corner of the building. “No one out there is worth any coin. We have to find a good target, so be patient Cal.”
For several minutes, the two stood quietly in the shadows. Marina peered into the crowd, reading each person she saw. She mentally checked off each person as regular common folk at an amazing pace, her eyes sliding quickly over the crowd. She knew how to read people, and no one she could see at the moment was going to be worth any real money. For their line of work, the night had netted little profit.
“Marina, check that out.” Cal suddenly whispered, pointing up the street.
Marina followed the direction of his finger, and when she saw what Cal was pointing at, a smile slowly spread across her face. Heading down the street was what would seem to most as just another person. However, Marina and Cal knew that the man, named Edward Haliford, was a very wealthy man in the city of Brisk. He owned a very successful shipping company, as well as other businesses throughout the nation.
“Be ready Cal, that’s our next target. It’s time to go to work.” Marina said, stepping out of the shadows.
Cal stared at Marina as the moonlight bathed her in its light. She was so beautiful. Her skin was as pale as the moonlight, and glowed from the radiance of the night. The moonlight dyed her blonde hair a majestic silver. The dress she wore was pitch black, and made of fine silk. Even a noblewoman would love to be seen in that dress, which coincidentally had belonged to one such person before Marina had 'borrowed' it for the night’s work. The two had always been close, and Cal loved Marina like family. He just wished that could be the only way he loved her.
Marina turned, and gave Cal a small wave as she entered the crowd of people. Tonight was a special night in Brisk. The ruling noble of the city's son had announced his marriage, and his father had immediately announced a festival thereafter. Marina began to feel herself becoming angry. Such a stupid reason to have the entire town celebrate… Marina thought to herself spitefully. Dancing carelessly at their command. She had always hated the upper class. Quickly though, she replaced the frown that had come with those thoughts with a bright smile. Her target was within sight.
Marina ducked her head as she approached, careful to keep heading toward Edward. She continued to walk forward, until she suddenly bumped into him.
“Ah!” Marina cried, falling backward onto the ground.
“Oh dear! Are you all right?” Edward said, kneeling down on the ground. He wobbled slightly, nearly losing his balance. “I am terribly sorry. It seems I may have been celebrating too much, and forgot to look where I was going. Here, let me help you up.”
Edward reached his hand toward her, and Marina took it. He easily pulled her onto her feet, and Marina began the dance of seducing this man. It wouldn’t be hard at all.
“I am so sorry.” Marina said, blushing deeply. Her voice was like honey. “I’m always so clumsy and getting in everyone’s way. I am sorry for inconveniencing you, I’ll be on my way.”
She started walking away, when suddenly she felt a hand grab onto her arm.
“No reason to be so hasty. Perhaps it was our Paths that were destined to cross this night. I don’t see you with anyone… Forgive my forwardness, but would you like to come with me? The night is young, and there could be plenty of fun to be had.” Edward said, gently pulling Marina back toward him.
Marina turned, and looked up into Edward’s eyes. He stared back into hers, his eyes slightly hazy from the alcohol he had been drinking all night. He was attractive, but she'd never consider him. “I would love to accompany you. Actually… I have something I’d like to show you. You’ll really like it I’m sure.” Marina said, so innocently it was amazing, and quite alluring. Edward was already in the palm in her hand.
“How could I ever say no?” Edward said, laughing raucously out of nowhere. “Lead the way, my beauty.”
Marina began to pull Edward back along the path she had taken, back to where Cal was waiting.
“Now what could possibly be back in this dark alleyway that a beautiful girl would want to show me?” Edward asked, slurring his words. He stopped, and suddenly pulled Marina close. “You don’t have to hide it. I know you want me. What woman wouldn’t? Well, I’m all yours.”
Edward bent down toward Marina, his lips puckered for a kiss. Marina tried to push him back, but her arms were pinned to her sides by his. His breath oozed the smell of expensive alcohol, and he smelled much too musky. Since she was physically restrained, she decided to try another avenue.
“You’re absolutely right, that’s exactly what I want.” Marina said, whispering into his ear with a voice masked in velvet. “But we aren’t to where we can be alone quite yet… Just be patient a little longer, and I’ll make it worth your while.” She rubbed his arm, smiling up at him.
Slowly Edward’s grip relaxed, and Marina quickly pulled away. “You better come after me, we're almost there so hurry!” With a wink and a quick hair toss, she was off and moving.
Marina turned, and ran toward the building where Cal was waiting. The way she moved seemed like a dance, and she knew there was no way he wouldn’t follow. In his drunken stupor Edward laughed uproariously, and followed behind her, weaving slightly from his inebriated state. As Marina entered the shadows, she pressed herself up against the wall of the building, behind where Cal was lying in wait.
“Where did you go, my little song bird?” Edward called loudly as he entered the alleyway.
Without making so much as a sound, Cal stepped out of the shadows behind Edward. He grabbed the man from behind, locking his throat in a choke hold. Edward sputtered, and struggled against Cal’s iron-tight arm lock. Slowly, his struggling began to decrease as he passed out. Cal then picked his unconscious form up, and put him over his shoulder. Marina and Cal walked around the corner, where they dropped Edward’s body on the ground. Cal began searching the body, removing his coin purse, jewelry, and a very well crafted dagger.
“That’s all he has on him.” Cal said, standing up and placing the loot in his pockets.
“I think that’s enough for tonight.” Marina said, bending down to look at Edward’s sleeping form. She ran her hand gently down his face, and then stood up. “All of you nobles are the same. Pitiful, and lying in an alley at my feet. I hope you enjoyed this celebration as much as we, and your friends there, did.” Marina laughed lightly, gesturing for the unconscious man at the nine other men strewn out across the ground around him.
“Lets go home now Cal.” Marina said, pulling Cal along through the alley.
As they walked, and moved further away from the celebration through the back alleys, the night began to become quieter and quieter. “What was our take tonight?” Marina asked.
Cal reached into his pockets, feeling all of their contents. “A few hundred gold pieces, the jewelry four of them had, and the dagger. Not too bad for a night’s work.”
“Not bad, but not very good either. That will last a few weeks tops, and with our recent purchase we are flat broke.”
The recent purchase she was talking about was their current destination. For the nearly two decades Marina had been alive, she had always known Cal. Though they shared no blood, Cal had always protected Marina, like a big brother. They lived on the streets for most of that time, working just like they had tonight, to save for the one thing they had always wanted. A home. A few weeks back, their savings had finally grown to the point where their dream became a reality, and they had purchased a very small, and very old house near the outskirts of the city.
And Marina had Cal to thank for all that. He had always been there to protect her, and had worked just as hard as her for their dream. She looked over at him as they walked. Cal was a large man, but very kind and gentle, to her at least. He had numerous scars from the fights he had been in throughout his life on almost every part of his body. Many of them had been gained protecting Marina. His sandy hair was short, and well kept. She always insisted on grooming. His eyes were blue, light colored and shone kindly. She loved Cal like a brother, and he was a brother to her. She couldn’t imagine life without him there for her, and was thankful for what he did for her, no matter how small it was.
Marina was not a picky person though. She loved their new home with all her heart. And every time they arrived home, just like they were about to, she was filled with such a sense of joy that no one else could understand.
When they arrived at the front entrance, Marina pulled out the key, and unlocked the door. “Cal, would you mind preparing something for dinner?” She asked, looking back at him as she opened the door. “I think I’m going to-”
Marina stopped mid sentence as she looked forward into her house. There was a man sitting at the table, and Marina jumped back in fright.
“Marina, welcome home!” The man said, standing up.
Taking a close look at the man, she realized who he was. Her fright did not disappear from this realization though. If anything it increased. The man’s name was Han Valtir, and he was one of Marina’s least favorite people.
“What are you doing here Han?” Cal asked flatly, stepping into the house and in front of Marina.
“Protective of Marina as always, that is very admirable Cal. You have nothing to fear though, I always thought we were friends. Can’t a friend stop by to see how his other friends are doing?” Han asked, his voice was sweet, or an attempt to be so. All Marina could hear was the acidic back tone.
“We all know you don’t make social calls though, Han. If you broke into our house to wait for our return, I'm sure you have something to say. So let’s get it out of the way so I can go take a nice hot bath. It’s been a long night.” Marina said, sitting down at the table. Cal also took a seat, and both stared across the heavily-scratched table at Han.
“This is a very nice place you two have now. You worked so hard for so long to get this house. It must be very rewarding to finally be living in it.” Han said lightly, almost as if he wanted to have a regular conversation. In reality though, to a trained ear such as hers, he was mocking their house and their work to gain it.
“Yes Han, we worked very hard, sometimes for you even, which was never pleasant. If you only dropped by to congratulate us on our home, we thank you for it and ask that you please be on your way.” Cal said, not trying to mask the acid in his voice.
“Yes, I’m sure your long night of preying on the helplessly foolish has been quite tiring.” Han said, allowing a little acid to creep more noticeably into his voice as well. “How much did you make? A few hundred gold pieces perhaps?” He asked, his voice no longer containing any trace of that acid of his.
“I do not believe that is any of your concern.” Marina said indifferently.
“Perhaps it is not, but I do not need confirmation from you. The rich may be foolish, but even they have their limits. They know to carry limited amounts of gold with them for just such a reason. For years you two have peddled your little game out there, gaining enough gold only to keep your heads above water. So I have come-”
“You can stop right there Han.” Marina said, her voice becoming deadly. Not loud, nor quiet, but very dark. “For as long as I can remember, you have come to us time after time with job opportunities. Some we accepted, but many we did not. It’s no secret that your line of work is much more profitable than ours. It is also no secret that Cal and I want nothing to do with your operation.”
Han smiled silently at Marina for several moments before answering. “I did not just forget how you feel, it’s more that I hope you will see sense one day. However, I did not come here with just the usual hope to recruit you into my 'operation' as you so put it. I know you, the beautiful thief of the night, have your morals. However silly that may be, I will respect those morals for tonight. Right now, I come to you with a business proposition. After all, this house had to set you back quite a lot. I’m sure you are in need of some good work right now.
Marina and Cal glanced at one another. “We’ll hear what you have to offer, but I'm not making any promises.” Marina said.
Han ducked his head in thanks, and reached into his pocket. From inside he pulled out a rolled up piece of paper. He unrolled the paper to reveal a map of the island of Askrah, which the kingdoms of Draven and Rinh rest upon.
“A map of Askrah? I do not need a geography lesson Han.” Marina said coldly.
“I’m sure the education you received out there on the streets is quite amazing.” Han said sarcastically, causing Marina to scowl. “But this map is simply an aid for me to explain my business proposition. Tell me, have either of you ever been to the nation of Draven?”
“No.” Marina replied simply.
“Well, this particular business would take us over to the city of Draven, the national capital of the nation of Draven.” Marina and Cal nodded for him to continue. “You see, it has recently come to my attention that a very special, once in a life time item will be available to steal very soon.”
“So the job would be to steal?” Cal asked.
“In a manner of speaking, yes.” Han said. “You see, very recently the eldest son of the King of Draven has been officially recognized as the next heir to the throne. In addition, he has also been engaged to be married.”
“As fascinating as information of the Prince of our enemy nation is, what does this have to do with stealing something from that land?” Marina asked, beginning to wish Han would just leave. She'd had enough of the rich and entitled for one night.
“In Draven, they have a very special custom when the next in line for the throne is to be married. On that day, the entire palace will be emptied out. All the guards, all the servants, even the royal family. The castle will be completely deserted except for a few guards outside just for show. The entire city will begin a great festival, ending the night with the marriage of the Prince.” Han said.
“You want to steal something from the castle of the royal family of Draven?” Marina asked, not even pretending to hide the tone in her voice that accused Han of being a crazy fool. “You are even more insane than I ever thought before.”
“First off, you haven’t listened to everything I have to say. Second, this is not my plan. I’m not at the top of this one.” Han said.
Marina and Cal looked at each other again. “You are working for someone? That is unheard of. Having money troubles or something Han?” Cal asked lightly, but in a mocking sort of tone.
“Not at all, it is just a sign of faith that I believe in this plan. I do not have the necessary connections to make this happen, but the backer for this operation does. So do you want to hear the rest or not?” Han asked.
Despite her feelings, Marina nodded for him to continue. If Han really wasn’t the ring leader this time around, it could be something major. Han was not one to take orders, so if there was something in this plan to change that, it may very well be worth at least hearing him out.
“With the palace empty, except for a few guards, it will be no problem to slip in, grab what we need, and slip right back out.” Han finished.
“Stop beating around the bush Han, what is this item that has you so fascinated you would take orders from another?” Marina asked, spurring him to get to the point.
“The item is the Prince of Draven.”
Marina sat quietly as those words washed over her. She tried to take in what he said, but it just sounded too insane.
“I take back what I said Han, now you sound more insane than I ever thought possible! Not only do you want to steal from royalty, but you want to take their Prince!? Get out! You must have went off the deep end to actually be going along with this! Get out this instant!” Marina screamed.
“Your reaction is not unfounded. I too thought this sounded completely ridiculous. However, if you will allow me to finish, the plan is quite sound.” Han said simply, waiting for their response.
“Han, I swear-” Marina started, but the Cal suddenly laid a hand on her arm.
“It certainly does sound insane Marina, I’m right there with you. However, I have a strange feeling that we should listen to this. Neither of us is particularly fond of Han.” Cal said, staring right at him as he said it. “Yet we both also know he isn’t a fool. It wouldn’t be the first time a crazy plan had been put into action. At worst, we just laugh him out the door when he is finished.”
“I’m impressed Cal, I didn’t know a barbarian such as yourself could actually use that head of yours for more than knocking someone out in a bar fight.” Han said, laughing slightly at his own joke. “However, I have tarried here for far too long now, so allow me to get to the point.” Han said, his tone changing completely. It was dark, and coated with an evil that made Marina shiver. It was this side of Han that made Marina afraid. “Two weeks from now, should you accept this job, we will depart from here to Draven. We will cross the Dividing Wall, and head for the capital. Once there, we will approach the castle from the south east side. At that entrance will be a single guard, one of the few left on guard duty for the day of the celebration. However, this soldier is also an inside man who works for my backer. He will be expecting us, and allow us entry into the palace. Once inside, there will be no one between us and the Prince.” Han said.
“I thought you said the palace was completely cleared for the ceremony later that night?” Marina asked.
“I did, and that is what everyone believes. However, there is one person who remains behind in the palace…” Han said.
“The Prince.” Marina and Cal said together, starting to understand what Han was getting at.
“The emptying of the palace is a front put on by the royal family for another reason. The truth is everyone who is living must leave the palace, so that the Prince can have a large area to himself.”
“Why is that exactly?” Cal asked.
“To be honest, I am not completely sure myself. It is a tradition that has been passed down in both royal families. I am not sure if you two have ever been to the city of Rinh, but a similar ceremony takes place when the prince of our own country comes of age. Probably some sort of time honored tradition from long ago. It doesn’t really matter. What matters is that our target will be alone on that day for a long span of time, and with our inside man we will be able to get inside undetected. It will be no problem to kidnap him.”
Marina silently contemplated the story she had heard so far. I can see why he believes it will work… And certainly the ransom for a Prince would be so large it’s difficult to imagine. Still though… It doesn’t sit right with me. Marina thought.
“Han, I will admit to you that, should what you say be true, the plan sounds realistic. It nags at me though that it isn’t possible. Who is the source of this information? Why would the prince be left almost unguarded for an entire day? If this has been happening for a long time, then why has the royal family never had anyone kidnapped in such a fashion? Surely the ritual would have stopped if this had happened.”
Han placed his elbows on the table, folded his hands, and peered at Marina over them. “I cannot reveal who my benefactor is for this job, at his request. Safety after all, I’m sure you understand. The reasoning I was given is that no one knows that the Prince remains behind. The whole event is set up to make people believe the Prince has gone elsewhere, and the rest is all just a bluff. Everyone has so much fun celebrating at the King's expense, they don’t worry if the prince is with the royal guard and the rest of the family, or doing whatever it is the princes do on that day hidden away in the palace. All I can really say is the information sounds valid to me. I trust the source to the point I would put my own neck on the line to go on this job myself. I’m not only looking to contract you after all, I am looking for team members.”
So Han is actually going too? Marina thought, thoroughly amazed once again at the notion. I know he does jobs himself, but he is also a coward. I wouldn’t think he would risk himself in such a fashion.
“We’ll do it.” Marina said suddenly, nodding at Cal. She knew he would follow her if she accepted. He had prodded her to hear more after all.
“Fantastic!” Han said, losing that dark edge to his voice. “I assure you the pay will be far beyond anything you’ve ever seen. You probably won’t have to work ever again when we pull this off.”
Han rose from the table, and headed around for the door. He paused at the door though, and half turned back toward them.
“I’m glad you accepted.” He said, reaching into his pocket. From within he pulled out a dagger, the sheathe falling off the blade as it rose into the air, clunking loudly on the floor. “If you had refused, it would have been such a shame if something had happened…”
He placed the blade back into his pocket, opened the door, and disappeared into the night, leaving Marina and Cal in a stunned silence as they stared at the empty sheathe he'd left behind.





Chapter 3


Bells in the Distance


“Are you ready, Young Master?” Fadah asked, as she tied the snow white robe Nihlen had just donned.
“You know very well how I feel about this Fadah.” Nihlen said, staring back at himself in the mirror.
The day had finally come.
Today was the day his life had been building up to since he was crowned as the First Prince and heir to the throne of Draven. It was the day he was going to marry Laurel Illenwood, yet another step down the Path he was destined to tread. As impending and ominous as the feeling he had for the situation was, Nihlen was beginning to come to terms with the situation, and accepted it as his fate. It was what he needed to do.
And I’ll go along… Even if it’s slightly grudgingly. Nihlen thought. He couldn’t lie to himself very well, but it was a start.
“The rest of the staff has almost cleared out. The reflection room has also been prepared.” Fadah said, stepping back to look at Nihlen’s reflection. She then moved forward, and placed an arm around Nihlen. “I know that you aren’t too happy about what you have to do. You should still try to be happy though. It is a shame to see a man to be married who cannot be happy about it. Laurel is a beautiful woman, and someone you may just find you like if you give her a chance.”
“Yes Fadah.” Nihlen said, stepping away from the mirror. “But at this time, I am not ready to give into reason yet. I am still trying to escape this feeling of drowning in my own destiny. I have heard your words, and I am trying to accept them. But I can’t go along wholeheartedly just yet. I need time.” Nihlen said, trying to keep the resentment out of his voice. He was only moderately successful. “It is time I head to the reflection room, and it is best you help the rest of the family with the preparations for tonight.”
It was as gentle a dismissal as he could make. He knew Fadah meant well, but he couldn’t hide his displeasure at her words. It’s easy to say such things from the outside…
“Yes my Lord.” Fadah said, bowing before making a quick exit, leaving Nihlen alone with his own reflection.
Breathing deeply, Nihlen waited several moments, and then he too headed out the door. The reflection room was on the lowest level of the castle, a few floors underground. The path was almost never tread, and closed off from all but the royal family. As Nihlen descended down the dark depths of the stairway, he couldn’t help but find the eternal darkness fitting, as if the lid had closed on the box surrounding him, shutting out the last of hope's light.
Once he located the room, he opened the large wooden door, which creaked loudly in protest after so many years of being left shut, and stepped inside.
The room was brightly lit, several braziers roaring with fire. The room was sweltering, an unfortunate part of the ceremony. The walls were nothing but a large mirror, circling around the vaulted room. It was an enormous room, and existed only for this day.
All who have come before me have stood here… Yet father didn’t tell me much about what I am supposed to do. Nihlen thought, walking toward the center of the room. Drink from the flask, and stare deeply into the mirror. What is that supposed to mean? Sounds like a foolish waste of time…
Sitting in the center of the room was nothing but a flask. No furniture or cushions even, nothing but the braziers, and the enormous mirrored walls. Nihlen sat next to the flask, and picked it up. He sniffed the contents, and was mildly surprised. Whatever was inside, it smelled very sweet. After looking at the flask for a few moments, Nihlen steeled himself, and began drinking the concoction.
Almost immediately, Nihlen felt a sharp pain in his head. “Ugh!!” He grunted, his hands flying up to his left eye. Sharp, throbbing pain, worse than anything he had ever felt was coursing through his head and eye. In that instant, it felt as if a thousand swords had stabbed through his head, and he had lived to feel it all. He writhed in pain on the floor, squirming in a futile attempt to escape.
Then, as quickly as it came on, the pain abated. Breathing heavily and sweating profusely, Nihlen sat up, one hand still over his eye. What was that!? He wondered frantically.
Slowly, his breathing returned to normal, and a strange feeling began to wash over him. He was feeling calm, and relaxed. The pain vanished from his mind. All he could do was stare into the mirror. Into the eyes of himself, staring back. He couldn’t break away, couldn’t blink. All he could do was watch. His body felt amazingly heavy, as if he had turned into a statue on that very spot. He couldn’t lift even one finger, though with how relaxed he felt, he wouldn’t have even wanted to try.
A fog began to develop behind his reflection. It rose up as a slow mist, wrapping itself gently around his reflection like a cloak. Nihlen watched curiously, feeling no alarm. Then, it began to crawl out of the mirror, slowly inching its way toward Nihlen. He watched it in a daze, and for some strange reason he couldn’t identify, he didn’t fear it or find it strange. He only watched, curious. It didn‘t register to him as weird, not only the event itself, but his reaction. He watched as it crept up to him, and began to wrap itself around him just as it had his reflection.
Thicker and thicker it became, until Nihlen could no longer see his own reflection or even the mirrors themselves. He couldn’t see anything. His body began to feel light, as if he was floating. Rising higher in a sea of fog, he was unable to determine up from down. Left from right. There was no sound, a quiet that seemed unreal. Nihlen looked around the fog, trying to understand what exactly was going on. It was difficult to fight against the feeling he had though. His body was numb, and he couldn’t feel alarmed even though he knew what was going on was very strange.
Then, a shadow moved in the fog. Nihlen looked in that direction. There was nothing there though. Then, out of the corner of his eye, another shadow. He looked, but once again there was nothing. Nihlen began peering at the fog closer, trying to pierce through it, and see what it was hiding. He saw the shadow once more, and snapped in the direction. It lingered for just a second, long enough for Nihlen to know he wasn’t seeing things, before it disappeared.
Nihlen was curious about the shadow, but he was also curious about the feeling welling up inside him. A sense of knowing. A sense of understanding what was going on here. This is my Path… I am here to see what lies on the Path I am to take. Something feels wrong though… It’s not supposed to be like this. Something is interfering.
The sense of understanding inside him began to change. Slowly the calm feeling he had began to dissipate. Something is coming… Whatever is interfering with the ceremony is coming. And it’s dangerous.
The fog around him lifted, revealing the enormous mirrors in the large room once again. His head was swimming, and his body felt very heavy. His ears picked up the sound of running. Someone was approaching. Nihlen tried to stand up, but his knees buckled, and he went down. Just as he was trying to push himself back up, the door to the room burst open, and three people ran in.
“There he is!” A man’s voice called.
In his startled state, Nihlen suddenly pushed himself to his feet. His body was still heavy, but his fear of the situation was helping him overcome it some. He looked to the intruders. Two men and one woman.
“What are you doing here?” Nihlen said, making his tone as authoritative as he could. It was difficult, and sounded thick against his best efforts. “The palace is closed to the public today, and no one is supposed to be here. You must leave immediately.”
“I am afraid that is not possible.” One of the men said, stepping forward. He was the shortest of the three, and he emanated an aura of pure evil. Nihlen found himself backing away a few steps in pure instinct. This man is very dangerous.
“We have come here to kidnap you, my Lord.” The man said in a mocking tone, giving Nihlen a bow of utmost courtesy.
“Kidnap me, are you insane? Do you really think you’ll get away with it?” Nihlen asked, sounding even and totally in control. He was not displaying even an ounce of fear.
“I do think we will get away with it.” The man said, equally as even. “There is no one here to even know you’re gone. By the time anyone discovers it, we will be far away.”
Nihlen surveyed the other two intruders. The other man was very large, and looked accustomed to fighting. Probably in the streets or in a pub. The woman was very beautiful. It’s odd I would think that first of my potential attackers… Nihlen thought, trying to clear his head and quickly move on. The two men could be dangerous, and three to one isn’t a very good fight. Doesn’t seem to be much of a choice though…
The smaller man reached in his pocket, and pulled out a long bladed dagger. “Won’t you just come with us? I have no wish to hurt you, and neither do my friends. All we want is a ransom. If you come with us willingly, I promise no harm will come to you.” The small man said. His tone was very good for pretending.
“You say as you have a knife in your hand. Did you really think I would believe that?” Nihlen asked, still as even as ever. “Only a fool would believe that. If you will not leave, I will be forced to remove you myself. Today is an important day, and I can’t have you messing that up.” Nihlen said.
“Have it your way,” the smaller man said. “Let’s take him Cal.”
The two men rushed forward at Nihlen. Nihlen looked at them both, reading their potential as fast as he could. The smaller man is more dangerous. He decided.
The smaller man was quicker, and reached Nihlen first. He thrust the dagger at Nihlen, directly toward the stomach. Nihlen grabbed the man’s wrist, and pulled it upward. The smaller man went off balance, and Nihlen pulled his arm back down, slamming his hand into the ground so the blade skittered away across the floor. With his other hand, he grabbed the man’s shoulder, and spun him around. With a loud crack, Nihlen broke the small man’s shoulder, and then hit him hard in the back of the neck, putting him out cold.
The larger man, who the small man had called Cal, had stopped when Nihlen had engaged the smaller man, and watched as his teammate fell to the floor. “This guy is dangerous.” Cal said, looking at Nihlen. “Han was a fool to just rush in like that. I figured you would be pretty tough. You’ve probably been trained by the best, right?”
Nihlen stared at him silently, then nodded his head. “You are absolutely right, I have been. This is the last time I will warn you. You need to leave the palace now. If you do not, you will end up like your friend there. Please remove him from the castle.”
“You are so arrogant.” The woman suddenly said. “The nobility are all the same, even in Draven. Like we would run from here, or ask for your pity after we attacked you. There’s no way you’d let that happen! Cal, take care of him so we can get out of here. Han will not be pleased when he regains consciousness.” The woman said.
Without another word, Cal started forward. His fists were up, and he moved slowly, waiting for Nihlen to make a move. Nihlen stood still, and watched as the man called Cal approached him. The closer Cal got to Nihlen, the slower his advance became. He feared getting within arms reach of Nihlen.
“You can’t fight me if you’re afraid of me, right? That guy was stronger than you, and he lost to me in the blink of an eye. Listen to your fear, and leave now. I really do not like violence, and would like for this to end without anymore pain if possible.” Nihlen said.
Even as the words left his mouth, Nihlen knew they were a bluff. Normally they wouldn’t be, but normally he didn’t drink strange concoctions or go on strange journeys in his disembodied spirit. He could feel weakness creeping over him, but he kept all that from showing on the outside. He hoped the fear of a fate similar to the one of the small man he had already taken care of would scare them away. If it didn’t…
Cal stopped his slow advance, and straightened up. “Han is not stronger than me. But you’re right, I can’t fight you like this. So here we go.”
Cal suddenly rushed forward, swinging at Nihlen. I guess telling him he was weaker was a mistake... Nihlen thought as he ducked the blow, and moved to punch Cal’s stomach. Cal reached down though, and caught his arm mid strike. “Maybe I should give you what you gave to Han there. Sounds fitting, right?” Cal said.
Nihlen, however, jumped forward. He flipped his body up, and kicked Cal right on the bridge of the nose. Cal released his arm, and stumbled back, his hands holding his face. Not giving him a chance to recover, Nihlen continued his attack. He pummeled Cal repeatedly in the face, his punches lightning quick and powerful. He drove Cal back until he slammed into the mirrored wall, sending a large crack up the length of the mirror. With one more punch, Nihlen slammed Cal’s stomach. The force of the attack was so great, the cracked mirror shattered, raining glass on the two fighters.
Nihlen pulled his hand back, and Cal slammed forward onto the floor, unmoving.
Nihlen then looked over at the woman, who was staring at Cal's unconscious form. Her eyes were huge, and a look of horror was plain on her face. A hand went up to her mouth, as tears began welling in her eyes.
“He is not dead, I do not condone murder. He is simply unconscious. What will you do now?” Nihlen asked, giving the woman his full attention. “You are the only one I do not know yet.”
“You do not need to know who I am.” The woman spat, her hand coming down from her face. Her eyes burned with rage as she looked at Nihlen.
“What will you do now?” Nihlen asked again, calm and even as ever.
“It’s my turn to fight it looks like.” The woman said calmly, eying Nihlen without any trace of fear.
“You will fight me? Even after seeing what I just did to your friends? You have the least battle potential out of anyone here. Your form screams that you do not know how to fight. I do not like violence, and I hate violence against women and children even more. I beg of you to leave this place, and never come back. Whatever you came here for today, it is not worth what will happen if you try to fight me.” Nihlen said, hoping against hope to appeal to her rationality.
“You nobles really are all the same.” The woman snarled, eying Nihlen with the deepest loathing he had ever seen. “You all believe you are so much better than everyone. You think that you know everything, and that you are invincible. So many I’ve met before you with that preposterous notion. I will open your eyes, and show you just how wrong that attitude is!”
With that, the woman came at Nihlen. However, it was like she was a different person. Her form no longer spoke of fragility, but the embodiment of strength, powerful and unstoppable. Her attacks were quick, and it was all Nihlen could do to defend.
I have made a grave error in this judgment… Nihlen thought, flinching from the power behind each blow. She hid her true nature better than anyone I’ve ever seen.
His head was swimming worse than ever, and his vision was fading. Just keeping up with her had drained him, and he was becoming wobbly. He missed a block, missed another. The pain from the attacks was brutal, even in his mind-numbed state.
He slammed to the floor, breathing heavily. His vision was blurring ever more, and a dark tunnel was closing in. He tried to fight it back, but it continued to grow, taking his vision away.
The last thing he heard was the deep echoes of bells in the distance.





Chapter 4


Deception


Marina sat in a high backed chair, staring across the short space in front of her at the man she had helped kidnap. He had a long cut on his face that flecked his cheek with dry blood. Probably got it when the giant mirror in that room shattered. She thought to herself. Still, he looked like he was at peace, even considering his current situation.
I really hate that about you people… Marina thought.
After Marina had subdued him back at the palace, and revived Cal and Han, they had fled from the city of Draven. Hiding the Prince in a wagon, they had traveled to the very north of the country, to a port town called Tero. From there they headed east to a large forest Han called the Dark Forest. Deep inside the forest, they arrived at a single, very rundown cabin. The inside was decaying, worn down from what seemed to be many years without any care or visitation.
Well, there had been visitation, but not the kind that keeps the house intact. Everything had been removed from the inside, except for what was broken or useless. There were signs that many animals were using the place as their own, and they were probably not too happy with their current visitors.
As Marina’s attention returned to the Prince, the door to the room suddenly opened. Through it walked Cal, holding a cup in his hands.
“It’s time for the Prince to take his medicine.” Cal said, holding the cup out to Marina.
“Why am I the one who has to give it to him all the time?” Marina asked, only looking at the cup.
“You saw what happened when I did it, It spilled everywhere and none of it even made it down. You seem to have a knack for taking care of people, and gave it to him no problem. Please, Marina? I don’t need Han getting angry again. I don’t know if I will be able to hold back next time…” Cal trailed off, his words cut short by anger. He was clenching his fists so hard his arms shook.
Han had been brewing a special concoction to keep the Prince unconscious, which he said took a lot of expensive ingredients. When Cal spilled it, Han had flown into a rage. Ever since reaching the house, Han’s attitude had become much worse. Marina felt it was probably do to the sling holding his broken shoulder, and the presence of Han’s new boss.
When the group had arrived at this cabin, they found a man waiting for them. His name was Calden, and Han told them he was the brains behind the operation they had just completed. Upon meeting him, Marina sensed he had great power, almost the air of royalty. His hair was dark, his eyes even darker. He was quite handsome, and wore simple but well made clothes. He had spoken little, only to thank them, before he had disappeared into the house. They had arrived the day before, and she had not seen Calden since. But shortly after returning, Han’s attitude began to change, becoming even darker than it was before.
When she had tried to ask him about what they would do next, he had snapped at her, and told her she didn’t need to worry about that part, that it was being taken care of. Her only job was to make sure nothing happened to the Prince.
She'd been pretty much alone since then, sitting in a quiet room with a kidnapped man who was unconscious. Cal came now and then, but he seemed to be doing something else at Han’s direction. For all the hours since she had arrived, she'd simply stared at the Prince, trying to ignore a tug-of-war between emotions inside her.
Taking the cup from Cal, Marina stood up. “I’ll take care of this, so get back to work.” Marina said, not even looking to see if he left. She heard the door close moments later though, and looked up.
Sorry Cal… It’s not you who did something wrong. It’s me. Marina thought, though that hadn’t really been what she'd meant to think.
She looked down at the Prince. Nihlen, I think they said his name was. She pressed her hand against his cheek, feeling the cut he had received on that day. Your family must be worried sick…
She quickly turned away from him, folding her arms up to hug herself. Why am I feeling bad… He is a noble. Of the ilk I despise more than anything! I should be able to laugh this off like I have all the other times I took what I wanted from someone rich… Yet…
She wasn’t just stealing gold coins, and fleeing with her meager prize. This time, she had stolen an entire person. As the realization of what she had done, and how she felt about it, began to sink in, she began to shake. Was I so blinded by greed I let my principles be forsaken? What must his family think? Why do I care so much!?
“I’m so confused!” she whispered shrilly.
“You’re not a bad person.” A hoarse voice suddenly said, startling Marina to the point that her heart nearly stopped..
Marina whirled around to see Nihlen looking up at her. His eyes looked heavy, bloodshot. They were rounded by dark circles. He looked barely conscious, but he was awake.
Oh no! Marina thought, looking at the cup in her hand. “You need to drink this. Don’t cause a fuss, just drink it and do as I say until the ransom is complete.” Marina said, suppressing her feelings to seem more in control.
“You really aren’t a bad person.” Nihlen said, acting as if she had said nothing.
“Well thank you for your words of confidence, but I do not need you to tell me that. Now drink this.” She said, trying to sound as gentle as possible. Maybe she could get this done without having to fight about it.
“I don’t want to drink anymore of that… It’s doing something to me. More than just keeping me unconscious.” Nihlen slurred.
“It isn’t doing anything else to you. We don’t want to hurt you, all we want is to collect a nice ransom, and give you back to your family. You are wealthy, it’s not going to do anything to your family. You get to go free, our lives get easier, everyone wins.” Marina said.
“Are you trying to convince me, or yourself?” Nihlen asked.
The words hung heavy in the air. All the thoughts Marina had been having before Nihlen had come to came crashing back onto her. She wanted to hit him, and yet, for some strange reason, she also wanted to fall down and apologize.
“I can tell you aren’t a bad person.” Nihlen said once again.
“I kidnapped you!” Marina said, raising her voice more than she had meant to. She didn’t want to draw attention to the room while Nihlen was conscious. It could turn into a big problem. She lowered her voice to a near whisper. “You know nothing about me. If you knew the things I had done, you wouldn’t be saying that you ‘know I’m a good person.’”
“I do not know the things you have done, but not all actions can be classified as either good or bad. Looking at you, I would guess you are of the lowest class of the social hierarchy. You’ve done bad things, what I saw back in the castle says that much. Sometimes though, good people have to do bad things just to survive.” Nihlen said quietly, before he started having a coughing fit.
“There you go with that ‘I know everything attitude.’ You should get off your high horse and stop acting like you know everything. Look at the situation you’re in! You’re tied to a chair, held captive by strangers who broke into your castle and stole you on your wedding day. You’re drugged, half dazed, and completely helpless. Yet still you sit there like nothing is wrong, like you are in command. You think you can read the situation, and even call your captors good people! I don’t know what you think you know about me, but you don’t know the first thing about me!”
Suddenly Marina stopped. Nihlen looked at her quietly, breathing heavily. Why does he make me so angry? Because he’s a nobleman? Or because…
“I’m right.” Nihlen said, looking into her eyes. They suddenly seemed clear, and full. Like he was no longer drugged. “I am not passing judgment on you. I am simply stating the situation as I see it. You should know though, this isn’t about a ransom…”
Nihlen trailed off again, coughing loudly. Marina looked over to the door, waiting for someone to come through it. Not about a ransom? Is he just rambling?
“What do you mean it’s not about a ransom? That has been the plan all along. That’s why we took you alive.” Marina said.
“This is not about a ransom...” Nihlen repeated. “No amount of gold would allow you to escape the entire nation forever. You’d never make it off this island if I were returned alive. Even now the ports will all be closed, the people passing through the Dividing Wall thoroughly checked. I know your faces, and it would eventually lead to you being tracked down. I don’t know what you were told, or what you know, or even if you’re being used or not, but this is not about a ransom. I will never leave this house alive.”
That final statement chilled Marina to the bone. He didn’t even flinch in saying it. He had confronted the possibility and stated it head on. He really believes that is what is going to happen… And he knows just how helpless he is…
Yet the seed of doubt had also been planted within Marina. His logic is sound… If the Prince returns alive, we’d be fugitives from the Draven nation forever. They wouldn’t rest until those who kidnapped the Prince were caught…
Marina turned from Nihlen, biting her lip. “I need to go tell Han I’m going to need something stronger to put you back out. I’ll be back.”
She quickly moved to the door, and stepped outside. Pulling it closed behind her, she leaned up against it. Her heart was racing, the pounding of her blood in her veins rushed through her ears, louder than anything she had ever heard. She had been afraid before in life, faced near death situations countless times, but as their conversation was playing over and over in her head, she felt only one thing.
Terror.
Surely that can’t be the case… Han knows I would never be a part of something like that. I have my standards, even if he thinks a thief with standards is a joke. I don’t condone killing… And I’ll never be a part of it. Marina thought, straightening up. I’m going to go find Han and Calden and make them tell me what’s going on.
Marina began poking around the house, checking all the downstairs rooms. As she passed the staircase to the second floor, she heard voices from above, and started up there. The stairs were quite worn though, and groaned in places no matter how lightly she stepped. She followed the voices up to the farthest room back from the staircase, stepping as lightly as possible to avoid detection. The voices were quiet, and she had the sudden inclination she shouldn’t interfere in the conversation by knocking, only listen. She peeked through the cracked door, and saw Han and Calden inside the room. Calden was sitting on a worn chair, and Han was standing with his back to the door in front of him.
“It’s almost time Han.” Calden said from inside.
“Marina should have given him the last dose just a few minutes ago. All the preparations should be complete.” Han responded. He sounded so submissive, which was very unlike Han. “What about Cal and Marina?”
“Kill them while their guard is down. We no longer have any use for them.” Calden said, his tone indifferent.
Marina backed away from the door in horror. Kill us? There’s no way…
She reached for the door, but then pulled her hand back. He wasn’t kidding… Everything Nihlen said is true! What have I done? I’ve got to warn Cal! We’ve got to get out of here! Marina thought frantically, heading quietly down the stairs.
She hadn’t seen Cal while she was searching for Han and Calden, so she figured he must be outside. She ran through the front door, and looked around. She could just see him sitting up against a tree. She sprinted across the distance between them as fast as she could, Cal rising in alarm at her movements.
“What’s wrong? Did something happen?” Cal asked urgently as soon as she stopped in front of him.
“We have to get out of here!” Marina exclaimed, pulling at Cal for him to follow her.
“What do you mean?” Cal said, standing still against her pulling.
As quickly as she could, in a desperate whisper, she relayed what she had heard upstairs to Cal. His expression changed for the worse at every word that left her lips.
“So we have to get out of here, now!” Marina said, pulling at him again. This time Cal ran with her.
“Get the horses ready. Be quiet about it though, and don’t draw attention to what’s going on. Too much noise and they may find us too soon.” Marina let him go with that, and started toward the house.
“Where are you going?” He called after her.
“To get Nihlen! I can’t just leave him here to die, this is all my fault after all!” She called back, before taking off at a full sprint toward the house.
She hurried through the front door, careful to be as quiet as possible. The rotting floor planks made a lot of noise if stepped on wrong. When she reached the room where Nihlen was being held, she quickly threw the door open, and ran inside to find Nihlen with his head bent down limply. He seemed unconscious again.
“Nihlen, wake up.” Marina said urgently. When he didn’t respond she began shaking him. “Nihlen, wake up!”
He began to stir a little, but then he fell still once more. In desperation, Marina slapped him hard across the face. Slowly he lifted his head to look up at her. Without saying anything, she moved around behind him, and began untying the ropes.
“What are you doing? Aren’t I your prisoner? Or does it mean it’s time? It’s time for me to die…” He said. For the first time ever, he sounded afraid. His dignified persona had slipped, and he seemed truly sad and forlorn.
“It’s not time for you to die Nihlen. We are leaving.” Marina said, struggling to untie the knotted rope.
“Leaving? What do you mean?” Nihlen asked, trying to look backward toward her.
“Everything you said is true. There are no plans for a ransom, and never were. Cal and I were used, and we aren’t meant to leave this house alive either. We are leaving, and I am taking you with us.” She said, finally getting the last knot undone.
“I knew you were a good person.” Nihlen said, trying to stand up. He suddenly grabbed his head, covering the left side of his face.
“Are you all right?” Marina asked urgently, moving to his side. What have I been giving him? What have I done?
“My head… It hurts so bad. It started during the ceremony before you kidnapped me, and it’s just getting worse now… It hurts so bad.” Nihlen said, a tear leaking down the side of his face.
A tear of blood.
“Oh no! Nihlen! Please, just hold on. We are leaving, and we’ll find someone to take care of you, just try to hold on!” Marina said, tears of her own beginning. Looking at him, she felt a heart wrenching pain. Whatever was wrong with him, whatever she had been giving him, was causing him problems. Serious problems. She bent down, and put his arm over her shoulder. She lifted him out of the chair, and started out of the room.
His dead weight was heavy for her, and it was a struggle to move forward. When she reached the front door, she stopped to take a rest.
“Let me take him.” Cal suddenly said from her right. He pulled Nihlen over to himself, and threw him over his shoulder. “The horses are ready, we should hurry before they realize what’s going on.”
The two ran over into the yard where the horses were waiting. “Put him on with me, in the front of the saddle. Then you jump on the other horse and we’ll hurry out of here.” Marina commanded.
She jumped up into the saddle, and helped Cal get Nihlen situated so she could hold onto him. Then he jumped on the other horse, and they started off.
“Marina! Cal! Get back here!” A voice screamed from behind them. It was filled with rage unlike any she had ever heard.
Looking back over her shoulder, she saw Han and Calden standing there. Han, his arm in a sling from the injury Nihlen had dealt him, was shaking with rage, looking as if he would run after them on foot. Calden had a simple smile on his face as he watched them flee.
That smile… Marina knew that wasn’t going to be the last of it.





Chapter 5


Pursuit of Fear


The constant, jarring movement of his body began to pull at Nihlen’s consciousness. It was so uncomfortable, and the roaring sound that accompanied it was just too much. He opened his eyes to find he could only see half of what he normally would.
His hand flew up to his face, and he felt a bandage over his left eye. Did I get injured? He asked himself, but slowly the memories were coming back. My eye was bleeding, and my head hurt really bad… But it seems to have stopped for now…
Where am I?
He was on a horse, riding through the forest. He turned around to see a woman in the saddle behind him.
“You.” He said, rather dumbly, unsure of what else to say. “What is going on? What happened? Why are you two suddenly running with me?” Nihlen asked, simply dumbfounded by the current situation. The haze in his mind had cleared, yet his confusion was almost as heavy.
“I’m sorry.” She said, looking him right in the eye. “I’m very sorry.”
Nihlen looked from her, to the man riding next to them. It was the one called Cal. He stared back at Nihlen, but he had a look of anger on his face, as if he’d love nothing more than to throw Nihlen beneath the galloping horses.
“Why would you save me though?” Nihlen asked, looking back at Marina. “Even if the deal you thought you were going to make turned sour for you, why would you flee with me? You could have left me behind and ran yourselves. I am sure they would not have pursued you if you’d left me behind.”
“Because I can’t do that.” She said, looking away from him. “I have my beliefs, and I got you into this mess. It’s my responsibility to make sure you get out of it alive.”
“I don’t know why you are so compassionate for this one Marina. We’ve robbed those like him our entire lives. Not that I want to agree with such a person, but we should just drop him here and flee ourselves! Why should we die for someone like him!?” Cal roared, his voice ringing around them from its volume.
“Because I don’t want anyone to die!” Marina screamed back, even louder than Cal had. A deep silence fell after that as they slowed the horses.
“I don’t want anyone to die ever again Cal. I don’t want to be the cause of something like that. Regardless of the bad things I’ve done, I will not be a party to murder. That’s something people can never get back…”
Nihlen stared at Marina. Her compassion was true, and his instincts had been on target.
“So your name is Marina. Allow me to formally introduce myself. I am Nihlen Draven, First Prince of Draven.” He bowed his head to her as much as he could from their awkward positioning.
“I am Marina Elderol, and he is Cal Vaciri.” Marina said, motioning over toward Cal.
“It’s a pleasure to make both of your acquaintance.” Nihlen said, bowing toward Cal.
“Are you kidding me? Pleasantries in this kind of situation? And Marina! What’s with being so friendly with this guy? Giving our full names? You want to get this guy back alive just so he can have us arrested? You’ve gone off the deep end!” Cal roared once again.
“Do you really believe I’d have you arrested after saving my life? Just because I am nobility? Or even royalty? Is that how you think I would repay someone who has helped me?” Nihlen asked.
“It doesn’t matter what you think. You’re a noble! Trash! There will never be safety for us again! We would at least have a chance if we dumped you off here! But to save you is to die!” Cal yelled, his face turning red in anger.
“You both seem to believe I judge you without knowing anything, but aren’t you doing the same?” Nihlen asked.
Cal stared at him hard, his face beginning to turn purple. “Cal, I want you to scout ahead. We need to figure out where we are going, and stay ahead of anyone who might be trying to catch us.”
Cal continued to stare angrily for several moments, then kicked his horse into a gallop, flying ahead. Marina started her horse walking after him, moving slowly forward through the trees.
“You both seem to hate nobles very much.” Nihlen said, looking over his shoulder at Marina.
“We do.” She said simply, looking straight ahead instead of at him.
“I can understand-” Nihlen began, when suddenly the horse stopped.
“Stop right there. I am going to save you, but there is something you need to know. I feel how Cal feels. I hate all nobles. Don’t go trying to say that you understand how we feel, because you don’t. You have no idea what we’ve been through, what has happened to us, or why we feel the way we do. You can’t say you understand until you know the reason why. Only fools say things like that.” She said, still not looking at Nihlen.
“Why don’t you tell me about it then?” Nihlen asked, turning around to face forward once again.
They rode on in silence for a time, alternating between galloping and walking. A few hours after they had last spoke, Marina suddenly began talking.
“Cal and I are both from a city called Brisk. The nobles of the city, like most of Rinh, are very hard on the common people. They demand outrageous taxes, and when you can’t pay up, bad things can happen. When I was just a small child, my father was unable to pay a debt he owed to one of the noblemen. He was killed, and the rest of my family was taken to work in the manors of the rich. We were all split up, and I never saw any of them again. I met Cal at the manor I was taken to. Our situations were nearly identical. As we began to grow older, we became angry with how things were, and how we were being treated. So we ran away. We lived on the streets, doing whatever we had to, to survive. Always barely getting by, and living in fear. Never knowing when someone was going to try to hurt us, or take what little we had. It was…” Marina trailed off, her voice breaking, and silence going over them once more.
And I tried to say I understand… Nihlen thought, wanting to kick himself for being so foolish. There’s no way I could understand…
On they rode in silence. Nihlen wasn’t sure what to say to her. Her rage at people of nobility was quite understandable. Even though he himself didn’t do it, it would be difficult to believe in anyone of similar ilk.
“I didn’t go through any of that.” Nihlen said suddenly. “I didn’t wander the streets wondering where my next meal would be, or when. I had a loving family, and a warm home with everything I could ever want…” Nihlen started, though hearing out loud like that may actually have been stupid. He may have just made it worse. “I spent everyday of my life being groomed to become my father. Studying countless subjects for countless hours. Learning everything there is to know as fast as it could be crammed into me. Days on end of hearing my sisters play, while I had to work to become king every day. I used to think that was hard. I used to think that I was getting an unfair deal…” Nihlen said, pausing for a moment. “But I wasn’t. The problems I had before all of this pale in comparison to what you’ve had to go through. I was a fool to act like I did toward you. I’m sorry that you had to go through what you went through. I couldn’t even imagine never seeing my family again… But you know, we are not all evil. Do you know why Draven and Rinh are hostile toward one another?” Nihlen asked, looking back at Marina once again for the first time in hours.
She shook her head, looking toward him. “I don’t know really even know much about my own nation, or Draven. I’ve never left Brisk before today. I just know people of my land dislike people of your land. They never really talk about why.”
“Well, since we have nothing better to do, let me tell you a story.” Nihlen said, facing forward once again.
“Long ago, the nations of Draven and Rinh were one big nation, called Askrah, as this island is still called. For many generations it remained like that. About five hundred years ago though, a problem arose within the royal line. There had always been one son. No matter how many children the royal family had, there would always be only one boy. At this point, however, the Queen of the time bore twins. Two boys. Both boys were raised and groomed to become king. When it came time for the current King to pass on from this life, he didn’t have the heart to choose between his sons. So he divided his kingdom in half. Each son was given half of the land to rule, and the split became permanent. As the years carried on though, the two royal families began to change. Draven stayed as close to the original path of the Kingdom of Askrah as possible. The nation treats its people well, and we are considered quite powerful throughout the rest of the world. Rinh, however, has decayed over time. Ties between our kingdoms became rocky around two hundred years ago, when the king of Draven disagreed with the treatment of the common people in Rinh. Tensions rose between the two nations, and civil war seemed inevitable. However, the King of Draven eventually agreed that he had no say over the kingdom of Rinh. It was decided that the Dividing Wall would be built, to ease the tension between the two nations, and establish an official boundary. Since then, relations between our nations remain stressed at best, and Rinh continues to fall deeper into despair, collapsing on itself.”
Nihlen paused for a minute, feeling unsure. Did that sound arrogant? I did just insult her homeland repeatedly…
“I saw it.” Marina said suddenly. “Traveling here, and our time in the capital city as we headed for the palace. All the cities were built nicely, and were very clean. Beggars were rare, and I didn’t see dirty children looking for scraps of food. The change was immediate when we crossed the Dividing Wall. I didn’t want to admit it to myself, and it made me even angrier that such place existed, and I wasn’t allowed to be a part of it. That no one did anything about how things were where I grew up. I hated the nobility even more, like I was being taunted by it.” She said, ending in almost a whisper.
“I remember once, my father was really upset. I was still young at the time. I asked him what was wrong, and he said he had just returned from Rinh. Anytime he’s traveled into Rinh, he always comes back angry. My father doesn't like to turn a blind eye to your land, but he is not the ruler of your land, so what he can do is limited.”
They rode once again in silence. Evening was approaching, the sky between the branches painted shades or red and orange. Hooves in the distance drew Nihlen’s attention, and Cal was rapidly approaching them.
“The end of the forest isn’t far from here.” He said as he reached them, looking only at Marina. “We should make it there by nightfall. We’ll keep riding through the night to the east. If I remember Han’s map correctly, there’s a port town not far from this forest. We can leave the Prince there and then get out of here.”
“Ugh!” Nihlen suddenly grunted, grabbing at his left eye. It hurts really bad again…
Beneath his hand, he could feel something warm. His eye was bleeding again, and a lot with how fast it soaked through the bandage. 
“Cal, we have to stop!” Marina shouted.
“We can’t! They could be right behind us!” Cal yelled back. “We have to keep moving, no matter what!”
“He’s right, keep going!” Nihlen said through gritted teeth. The throbbing was growing faster, and the pain increasing each time.
“They’ve caught up to us.” Cal suddenly said, looking back over his shoulder. Nihlen turned to look. Horses had come into view behind them, half a dozen from the looks of it.
Without thinking, Nihlen threw himself sideways off the horse. He slammed into the ground, rolling several times from the momentum.
“Nihlen, what are you doing!” Marina yelled, pulling her horse to a stop.
“It’s too late! Run from here, they're only after me! Run as fast as you can, and don’t come back!” Nihlen yelled, as another throb of pain exploded in his head.
Something is wrong inside of me… Since the ceremony, and drinking that stuff back at the cabin, it's all wrong. What happened at that ceremony? What was all that? He pondered frantically. Then another throb.
“Cal, take her now! It’s what you want so it shouldn’t be a problem, right?” Nihlen called, running forward without any further talk.
He heard the sound of their horses galloping away, and continued running forward. With every step, the pounding in his head increased. The pain shot through him like he was being stabbed. Another pain shot through him though, deep in his heart. For whatever reason, a reason he couldn’t even begin to fathom, he did not want to be separated from Marina.
Without thinking, he ripped the bandage off. His eye was stuck closed, but relief suddenly began to come over him. The throbs began to alleviate, and the pain slowly faded.
As Nihlen watched the men approach, his sense of relief vanished. The gravity of his situation was pushing down on him with it’s full force. I’m going to die. This is it, my Path ends in this forest… What do I do?
I don’t want to die.
There was one last throb of pain at that thought, greater than any so far. Nihlen lost consciousness for a moment, but then it was gone, and he was still standing.
The approaching horses began to slow down, and stopped around twenty feet away. One of the men rode forward a little more, and Nihlen looked up. It was the man who had been back at the cabin, Calden.
The five other men around him dismounted, and began brandishing swords and axes.
“I must say this is a rather strange turn of events, Prince of Draven. I never would have guessed this day would end with me chasing you through the forest. Yet here you stand, no longer fleeing. A great and noble Prince to the end, protecting those who saved you with your own life. Surrender yourself, and I shall heed that request. You are what I really want. There is no need to chase down those street children.” Calden said, his voice kind and gentle. Nihlen could see right through it though. This man was definitely nobility.
“As if I would believe your smooth words. You won’t be going past here.” Nihlen said, standing tall. “I may die here in this forest, but I promise you that none of you will leave this forest alive either.”
“A bold assertion, young Nihlen. Standing proud even in your final moments, playing the hero to the end. Your barking is all it is though, the barking of an animal backed into a corner. You may be strong, but you are unarmed, and outnumbered. You are at the disadvantage, and your brave words are all you have.”
“And what disadvantage would that be?” Nihlen asked quietly. He was starting to feel strange. A sensation similar to when he had taken that drink in the castle for the ceremony. But not as heavy minded. His senses were sharp, and he was ready for action. It didn’t feel like himself. It felt like he had suddenly been detached from himself, hanging on only by a thread.
“It will be far simpler to show you. These gentlemen here are no strangers to conflict. They have killed many times in the struggle for survival against others. Get him!” Calden roared, dropping his facade of lightness and kindness at the end of his words.
The men began to circle around Nihlen, menacing smiles on their faces. He was calm though, all he wanted to do was wipe the blood out of his eye. He reached up, and began wiping the blood away. Then he slowly opened his eye.
“What's with your eye?” One of the men asked, taking several steps back. He had a look of complete shock, and utter fear on his face. They turned expectantly to Calden, who had a look of complete shock on his face as well.
“It matters not, your job is to kill him!”
My eye? Nihlen wondered, but it was in a detached sort of way. He shrugged it off, clearing his mind in preparation for battle.
“Are you some kind of demon boy?” One of the five men moved forward. He had an air about him that said he was the leader. “That eye could be nothing but pure evil. I don’t know what you are, but I’m going to charge that guy a hefty sum for sending me after you.” He nodded toward Calden “I accepted the job though, so it looks like we better get to work. Get ready you women! We still have weapons and numbers! Kill the beast!”
Their movements were slow to Nihlen though, and as the fight began, he knew it was already over. From the left, he dodged, grabbing the sword the man held. He kicked his hand off , flipped it around, and stabbed him through the shoulder. The man screamed into the night.
Nihlen pulled the blade out of the man, and jammed it in again. This time straight through the neck. Pulling it out as he ran forward, he moved to each man around him in turn. He delivered fatal blows, one after another at lightning speed. Within seconds, all but the leader were dead.
Nihlen began walking forward, his blade dripping blood with every step. The man stared at Nihlen in horror, paralyzed with fear.
“I told you that you would not go past this point. Your friends are dead, and you are all that’s left.” He looked over at Calden, who was backing his horse away. “I will deal with you momentarily.”
“I am afraid that will not be necessary. As much as it pains me, I concede victory this night to you.” Calden said, bowing regally. “This was a most unexpected turn of events, but this is far from over. There is nowhere you can run now, and I will be back to reclaim you in due time.”
“Who are you? Why is it you really kidnapped me? What is it you hope to accomplish by killing me?” Nihlen asked flatly.
“That’s a surprise for later. I must report this strange turn of events to my master at once. Believe me though, Nihlen Draven. You’re already part of something much larger than you can fathom. I am Calden Millsted, and this is farewell. For now.” Calden said.
Without another word, he turned his horse, and spurred it back into the forest.
Nihlen watched him go in a detached sort of way, before turning his attention back to the remaining man.
“Demon!” The man shouted, taking multiple steps back. He hadn’t made a sound during the entire conversation between Nihlen and Calden. Now that Nihlen’s attention was back on him though, he was quite alive again. He brandished his sword wildly, and it shook as he held it. “Stay back monster! I will kill you if you come any closer to me!”
Nihlen put his hand up to his eye. “I don’t know what this is. Maybe I am a monster.” He said, as a smile slowly came upon his face. “And right now, I don’t care. You shout threats at me in your desperation that you clearly can’t accomplish. This pursuit, and the fear, end here.”
Nihlen quickly closed the distance between himself and the man. The man screamed in fright, trying to attack Nihlen with his sword. Nihlen easily caught the man’s arm though, and in one fluid movement, he smashed his other hand into the man’s forearm, shattering it.
“Ugh!” The man cried out, dropping his sword and falling to his knees. He cradled his arm, crying silently to himself.
Nihlen reached down, and picked the man up by the throat. Slowly he lifted the man, until he was holding him above his head. The man pulled futilely at Nihlen's hand with his remaining good one. He chocked and sputtered as he gasped for breath, but to no avail. Nihlen reached towards the man’s belt, and drew his knife.
“Nihlen!” a voice called from behind him. “Don’t do it! Please don’t do it!”
It was Marina. Nihlen didn’t turn around, he continued holding the man, staring up at him, knife in hand.
“These people came after us. It is only fitting they should meet the fate they were willing to visit upon us. That is the way of the world.” Nihlen said quietly, still not turning to see her.
“That’s not the way…” Marina said.“That’s not what you said while we rode together today! You were outraged at things like this! Talking to you, I saw you weren’t a monster! The person I was talking to today would not kill an opponent when clearly he had already won! Let that man go! Let him down and he will flee! He will not come after us again!”
Nihlen stood silently. The feeling of calm detachment began to slowly disappear as she talked to him. His self awareness was returning, and he looked around at the carnage surrounding him. His clothes were stained with blood, and bodies were all around.
What have I done? He wondered, feeling himself slipping into shock. I knew what I was doing… But at the same time it was all a blur. Like someone else was in control…
Nihlen soundlessly dropped the man he was holding, and turned away from him, toward Marina.
Slowly her expression changed. A look of shock and fear began to appear on her face. Just as it had with the other men. Silently she stared at him, her mouth open slightly. Then, just as Nihlen opened his mouth to say something, Marina beat him to it.
Her blood-curdling scream echoed through the night.





Chapter 6


Going Along for the Ride


Almost immediately after she began screaming, Nihlen began running. He ran deep into the forest, and Marina watched as he ran. She was still screaming, and she couldn’t stop.
As her breath was exhausted, and her scream ended involuntarily, Marina sank to her knees, gasping for air and clutching her chest. That eye… Black instead of white, with a red iris. The pupil was black as night. Like a never ending abyss. The feeling that eye brought out in me was the most terrible thing I’ve ever felt. I can’t even describe that emotion, except for…
Despair.
“Nihlen!” She suddenly yelled, jumping up. She ran back into the forest, not sure of where he went. Not sure if she should even chase him. She did though, and called out repeatedly as she ran after him, never hearing a response. She wandered and wandered, until she didn’t know how far in she was, or how long she’d been looking for him.
He must be confused too… And even I screamed in fear of him. What was that though? He was so hostile, but only toward the enemy. I felt no hostility when he looked at me. Just that feeling…
Suddenly Marina stopped, and sat down against the nearest tree. She was unbelievably tired, the entire situation had taken so much out of her. Plus seeing into that eye had drained her of her strength. She was afraid, confused, and tired. She rested her head, and closed her eyes. She just listened to the forest around her. It was alive with the sounds of wildlife. It was so peaceful, and she appreciated it more than ever since they had fled from Han and Calden.
“Nihlen, please!” She yelled once more, desperate.
“I’m sorry.” A voice called from behind her. She turned to see Nihlen sitting on the other side of the tree. His left eye was bandaged once again.
I never even heard him approach… She thought, but then she just turned around, and rested her head on the tree once again.
“Marina… I’m sorry that I scared you.” Nihlen said quietly.
“What happened Nihlen? What is that eye?” She asked, unable to contain the wonder any longer. She had to know.
“I don't know for sure, but I have been thinking about it, and I may have an idea.” Nihlen said. His voice seemed extra gentle, as if he was trying to show her he wasn’t a threat.
“I’m listening.” She said.
“On the day I was to be married, on the day that…” He trailed off. That we kidnapped you. “Anyways, before you guys came, I was in the middle of a ceremony that every male heir in my family goes through. That was the first time I had the throbbing pain I’ve been having since. I think there is something in my family line… Something that ceremony was supposed to keep hidden away. But the presence of others interrupted my vision of my Path, and the ceremony was interrupted. I think it was supposed to be sealed, and you guys stopped the process.”
“What is a vision of your Path?” Marina asked.
“That is when one is able to see down the Path they are destined to travel. We all have a Path, or fate, that we are meant to follow. That destiny can branch, and change though, like the many paths from one point to another. Being able to see down that path before you have traveled it is a skill that runs in my family. It has always run through those who rule the land of Askrah. It is the same for the royalty of your land.”
“So you had no idea about your eye until now?” Marina asked. “Your parents never told you about such a thing?”
Nihlen shook his head. “I have never heard of this.” He reached up, and placed a hand over his bandaged eye. “I do not know what this eye is, or what it even looks like. When I ran after you screamed, I searched everywhere for a pond, or river, something where I could see my own reflection. I couldn’t find anything though.”
“I think that maybe it should stay that way.” Marina stated. “That eye… Whatever it is, there is something bad attached to it. Looking into it, I can’t even begin to explain to you the feeling. And something inside me is just saying that you should never look into it yourself.”
“Where is Cal?” Nihlen asked.
“Probably sleeping in the saddle where I left him. I don’t take orders very well, even from him.” She said dangerously.
“We should go collect him. We need leave this place immediately.” Nihlen said, standing up. He offered his hand to help her stand, which she accepted.
“Does that mean you aren’t afraid of me?” Nihlen asked, a slight amount of tentativeness in his voice. He still had a gentle hold on to her hand.
“Of course I’m not afraid of you. I can beat you up after all.” She said, laughing a little afterward.
“You think you beat me? That was hardly a fair fight. I was in terrible condition, and I had to beat the other two with what little strength I had before we fought.” Nihlen retorted.
“Excuses, excuses, that's how it always is with you men. When you lose, there’s always a reason. You just can’t accept you lost to a girl.” Marina said in a patronizing tone.
The two of them looked at each other, and then laughed. Despite the situation, things were a lot better now than they were a few hours before.
We’ll just worry about the rest as we get there.
The duo had returned to find a none too pleased Cal waiting for them. Before a fight could possibly break out, they mounted up, and rode through the forest. This time Cal rode with Marina, and Nihlen had a horse to himself. Exhaustion was quickly overcoming Marina, and she slumped against Cal's back, fighting a futile battle to keep her eyes open. She quickly gave in to the call of sleep and dreams, and could stay awake no longer.
In the early hours of the morning, the trio reached the port city of Yomaria. Everyone was dead tired. They had ridden through the night, and though Marina had slept, sleep from the back of a moving horse is anything but restful. Despite the situation, Marina felt strangely happy. Nihlen also seemed to be in good spirits, which was amazing considering his situation. Cal, on the other hand…
“How much gold do you guys have?” Nihlen suddenly asked, just as they had ridden into town.
“Not very much… We traveled light since we weren’t expecting to stay.” Marina said, wishing she had brought what little they had left behind.
“I need all that you have. I need to get some new clothes.” Nihlen said, pulling at his bloodstained robe. It was all he had on him when they had taken him.
“You want to spend our money on clothes for yourself? You people really have no limits…” Cal said angrily.
“It’s not out of vanity!” Nihlen snapped, making Marina flinch. “In case you haven’t noticed, this robe is strange enough. Add to it the fact that it’s covered in blood, and it draws a lot of attention! Look! People are staring at us! We are on the run, so attention is kind of something we have to avoid!”
Cal looked from Nihlen to Marina, then back to Nihlen. “Yes, my Lord. Whatever you wish. Would you like me to give you a massage? Perhaps go and fetch you some grapes as well?”
“Cal!” Marina said in a chastising tone, giving him a hard stare. “What he’s saying makes perfect sense! People are staring at us! What if the guards come?”
“Then leave him!” Cal roared, their horse prancing nervously below them. “Why are you going so far for him? We got him to the city, he’s no longer our responsibility! Surely even this ridiculous notion you have that you have to protect this guy is satisfied now that he is safely in this town! We need to think about ourselves now!”
“My ridiculous notion?” Marina said, her voice ice cold. She eyed Cal with a hard stare. “Thinking about ourselves is what got us into this mess! Do you not even feel the least bit responsible for any of this? You are acting like a child, blindly going your own way instead of actually looking at the situation!”
“A child, am I?” Cal said, his voice lowered to a normal tone. “Well, I’m sure you wouldn’t want me around if I’m a child. You are dead set in helping him, and I’m dead set against it. I’m going home. If you don’t get locked up after ‘saving’ this guy, I’m sure you’ll be able to find your way back.”
With that, Cal jumped off the horse, and began quickly walking away.
“You should go after him.” Nihlen said, looking away. “Don’t ruin your life because you feel obligated to help me. I can make it on my own from here.”
“Cal and I could never hate each other.” Marina stated simply, as a fact. “He is angry, and I can understand him. I've held the same anger as him. I am doing what I think is right in this instance though, and I won’t back down. I will make sure that you reach your home, even if it does mean I get locked up.”
Marina started the horse forward, riding into the town. Nihlen was right behind her. “Let’s find a shop where we can get you some clothes. I’m sure the city guards will show up sooner or later after reports of a blood covered man in town begin circulating.”
They rode for a little bit before they spotted a shop. They rode over to it, tied the horses, and went inside. The shop was nice, and well kept. Fabrics of all colors were spread out on large tables, piled high and neatly folded. The shop's name, The Rainbow Thread, fit quite appropriately. People browsed the shop, eying the completed garments on display. The way the first person looked at them when they walked in, though, it also seemed they didn’t belong there.
“Excuse me, we have been on the road for quite sometime.” Marina said sweetly, grabbing the arm of a passing seamstress. “While we were traveling, my husband was injured when we were robbed.” She said, pointing at his eye. Though the bandage was clean, blood still covered Nihlen's face. “We had to tear his clothes down to use as bandaging until we were able to find a house to stop at. All they had to spare was what he's wearing...” Marina finished, doing her best to look pathetic. She was really good at it too.
Nihlen was staring at her, but then turned to the seamstress, also putting on his best pathetic face.
“That’s terrible!” The woman said, putting her hands up to her mouth. Marina produced what few coins she had, and the woman took them. She quickly counted them, and nodded. “But at least you were able to pull through! Don’t you worry now, I’ll make sure he’s taken care of. I’ll need you to take off the robe so I can properly measure you.”
Nihlen looked back at Marina.
“What are you waiting for dear? I believe she asked you to take off the robe.” Marina said, so sweetly she could tell it was making Nihlen sick.
Nihlen turned from her, and seemed to hesitate slightly. I wonder if he's embarrassed...
Without a word though, he pulled the robe off. He was completely naked beneath, causing the seamstress to pause. Even battered as he was, it was impossible to miss his attractiveness. With a nervous laugh, and slightly shaking hands, the woman began taking his measurements.
“So why don’t you tell me what sort of clothes you’d like me to make? Material and cuts, those types of things.” The woman said, nervously glancing up at Nihlen.
Marina turned away, trying to stifle her giggles. “He’d like it all black. It doesn’t have to be fancy, simple garments you can fashion quickly will do. They are only temporary. A pair of boots as well if you have them.”
“I’ll get to work on that right away. Feel free to have a seat. Here’s your robe back in the mean time.” The woman said, moving off toward the back of the store. She glanced back at them over her shoulder for a fleeting second, drinking Nihlen in one last time.
Nihlen slipped the robe on, and then came over to sit by Marina. They waited silently for quite a while, until eventually the woman reappeared, carrying the new garments.
“Try these on, make sure they all fit.” The woman said, waiting for Nihlen to disrobe once again.
Nihlen pulled the garments on one by one, and then turned to look at his reflection.
“They look good on you dear.” Marina called from behind him, getting up to get a closer look. “Something is missing though…”
Marina looked around the room, until she spotted what she was after. She ran quickly across the room, and grabbed a hat from a nearby rack. It was black as well, with a red band just above the brim. She ran back over to Nihlen, and placed the hat on his head. Staring at his reflection, she slowly began angling the hat toward his left side, until it covered up his bandaged face.
Nihlen turned from the mirror to look at her.
“I think it gives you a mysterious quality, instead of having people staring at the bandage on your face.” She said sweetly. “We’ll take it all.”
As they left the shop, Nihlen touched the hat that now covered part of his face. As Marina watched, something suddenly occurred to her.
“I wasn’t trying to hide your face because there’s something wrong or your eye or anything! I just thought it would be nice to not have people stare at your bandaged head…” She said, starting to feel bad about it.
“I like it actually, it is rather ‘mysterious.’” Nihlen said, removing his hand. “Now it’s on to the next step.”
“The next step?” Marina asked.
“Fortunately, my father has a friend here. From his childhood, long before he became King. Jaylin Pascel is a famous merchant, but when he was a child, and his father still owned their shipping company, they would frequently come to the palace to do business. My father befriended Jaylin, and their friendship continued on even after he became King. Now that I am presentable, I am sure I can at least get a meeting with him. I’m sure he’ll be able to help me.” Nihlen said.
“Then lead the way.” Marina said.
The town was beautiful, and Marina gazed out at the ocean as they rode along the streets. It was a sunny and warm day. A gentle breeze blew across the area, making it feel perfect outside. It’s hard to believe it can be so peaceful after everything that happened last night...
As she guided her horse, she took in the entire town. The buildings, beautifully maintained and of great craftsmanship. The people, so lively and full of joy. Children calling to their parents, lovers gazing at the ocean, and friends eating one of the many delicacies from the numerous shops. The sights, smells, and general feeling of this city were fantastic.
“It’s hard to believe places like this really exist… Why can’t Rinh be like this?” Marina said aloud, though she had only meant to think it.
“I do not know…” Nihlen said, turning back to look at her. “I would love to make it like this someday though.”
Nihlen turned back around, and pointed ahead of them. “That’s his house ahead, lets hope for the best.”
The house Nihlen guided them to was enormous. A large yard, full of beautiful flowers. An iron fence ran all the way around, allowing you to see only what was between the bars. The house was three floors tall and the architecture was much better than most buildings she had ever seen. Whoever owns this house is amazingly wealthy…
They rode up to the gate, and climbed off their horses. They quickly tied them to the fence, and Nihlen opened the gate, gesturing for Marina to go ahead. When they reached the door, Nihlen knocked loudly a few times. Marina waited silently on edge to see if anyone would come to the door.
The sound of a large lock being turned told them someone was indeed home. As the door opened, a small old lady stood there to greet them.
“Can I help you?” She asked, her voice high and loud. She’s losing her hearing. Marina thought.
“Yes.” Nihlen said, speaking louder than usual. He had picked up the hint too. “I am sorry for calling on you unannounced. I need to speak with Jaylin Pascel if he is available.”
“Mr. Pascel is much too busy to deal with children, let alone those who drop by unannounced. I am afraid I will have to ask you to leave.” The lady said, starting to shut the door.
“Wait, please, this is an emergency. Just tell him the son of the man who never wins is here, he’ll know what it means.” Nihlen said, a pleading note in his voice. “I promise if he says he doesn’t know, I will leave without taking up another moment of your time.”
The old woman scowled at Nihlen, and then at Marina. “I will tell him, but you better leave afterward!” She said, slamming the door.
“The son of the man who never wins?” Marina asked curiously.
“When my father and Jaylin played together as children, he was always beating my father at games. Later on in life, he gained a certain amusement about this, and gave my father the nickname 'the man who never wins.' I guess it makes a person feel special when they can beat the King.” Nihlen said.
Marina chuckled to herself quietly before returning to their patient waiting.
As the door began to open once more, both of them straightened up, wondering what the decision would be.
The person behind the door this time wasn’t the old lady, but a man. “Oh dear…” He said, stepping back. “Come inside quickly Nihlen, we have a lot to talk about.” He looked around the outside of the house in every direction as they moved through the door before he too stepped inside.
Marina examined Jaylin as she stepped through the door. He looked quite young, with short brown hair that didn't show any signs of gray. He was tall, but not imposingly so. His clothes were immaculate, a beige shirt and slacks. He looked to be a happy person normally, but what Marina guessed was worry was currently clouding his unlined face.
The man closed the door behind them, and slowly turned to face them. “Jaylin, I need your help.”
“More than you know, I’m sure.” Jaylin said, his tone grave. “First though, I will have some food prepared while you both clean up, and you will eat and drink while we talk. You look exhausted, and I can only imagine what you’ve been through.”
Marina looked at Jaylin, and she was concerned. He was fidgety, and definitely had something he needed to say. She looked to Nihlen. He didn’t seem to notice. The relief of making it to his friend was blocking his ability to see something was wrong.
“Something to eat and drink would be lovely, it has been quite a journey. I’m Marina Elderol, nice to meet you.” Marina said, extending her hand to him.
“Yes, a pleasure. Let’s get you two cleaned up right away.” Jaylin said. “Nallia, bring some food and drinks up to the second floor lounge, our guests are in need of refreshment! Also find a change of clothes for the lady!”
“That’s not really necessary…” Marina began, until she looked down at her clothes. Her appearance, though not as bad as Nihlen’s had been, was travel worn to say the least. “It would be much appreciated.” She said, smiling.
The old woman who had answered the door suddenly appeared at Jaylin's side. He hadn't called for her, but there she was. He bent down to speak close to the old woman's ear, probably so he wouldn't have to yell. “Ryma, will you please show these two to the bathrooms, so they may freshen up.”
“Yes Mr. Pascel.” Ryma said, nodding curtly. “Come along you two!”
Ryma moved pretty fast for her age, and walked the halls of the Pascel house as if they were her own. Marina supposed they were in a way, for all the time she spent in them. Jaylin's house was beautiful, full of expensive trinkets and furniture. Knowing she was heading to take a bath though, Marina could have cared less where she was.
Ryma directed Marina into the first room they stopped at, leaving Nihlen to wander further with Ryma on his own. With a quick wave, she disappeared inside the door.
Now alone, she found herself in a lavish bedroom. The four poster bed was covered in silk pillows and bedspread, and looked beyond inviting to Marina at that point. She pushed herself through the room though, and into the adjoining bathroom.
As she saw the bath, she couldn't help herself. She jumped up and down a little and ran over to it. It was enormous, with eight golden water spouts circling around. It could hold fifteen people probably, with room to spare. As she turned the water on and quickly undressed, she was glad she'd have it all to herself.
She wasn't able to relax long though, as she couldn't ignore how Jaylin had seemed when they arrived. She wouldn't want to hold things up so she could relax in a bath. So she quickly scrubbed herself clean, and climbed out of the soothing water, draping a towel around herself. She moved to the mirror, dried her hair, and quickly combed through it.
Stepping back into the bedroom, there was a very nice blue shirt and black slacks set out for her. She changed into them, and they fit reasonably well. She then quickly left the room, and headed back for where they'd originally entered at. Waiting for her was Ryma, and she motioned for Marina to follow. Upstairs, Ryma led her to a room not far from the stairs, and opened the door for her to enter.
Jaylin and Nihlen were already waiting for her. Nihlen was cleaned up now, his face still bandaged though. It seemed they hadn't spoken about anything yet. I wonder how long I've kept them waiting...
A great spread of food had been set out, which Marina hurried over to gratefully. Ripe and delicious looking fruits, steaming meats, vegetables, cakes and cookies. The smell made her mouth water and her stomach growl. Marina wasn't sure where to start. Jaylin left them in silence as the two ate and drank, trying to regain some strength. Marina felt a twinge of guilt as she suddenly thought about Cal, and wondered if he had found anything to eat, but her anger with him quickly resurfaced, and she pushed it out of her mind.
“Thank you for your hospitality Jaylin.” Nihlen said, sitting back in his chair after he'd finished eating. “Now, I’m sure you’d like to know what’s going on.”
“I should be saying that to you, Nihlen.” Jaylin said, fidgeting in his chair. He then took a deep breath, and looked straight at Nihlen. “After you disappeared, the capital flew into a panic. They mounted a search for you, but it didn't last long. Just days after, the army of Rinh marched on Draven. There was no advance warning from any of the towns between the Dividing Wall and the city of Draven. Draven was caught completely unprepared. Rinh’s forces were in the palace before anyone could blink an eye.”
“What do you mean, exactly?” Nihlen asked, halfway between rising and sitting.
“I mean that your family is now missing, and our kingdom has been claimed by Rinh. Word spread like wildfire, and the entire nation, and probably most of the world, knows what has happened, or will very soon. I thought you were gone as well, until I heard that message from Ryma. Perhaps all hope is not lost.” Jaylin said.
Marina looked to Nihlen. It looked like he had disappeared. Like he wasn’t there anymore. His eyes stared straight ahead, quietly, and unmoving. Marina opened her mouth to say something, but stopped. What could I possibly say?
Suddenly he shook his head, and his eyes refocused. “Why did they kidnap me separately?” Nihlen asked. “If they had a force strong enough to crush us before we could react, what was the need to remove me separately?”
“I can't imagine, none of this makes sense at all. Tell me about what has happened to you so far.” Jaylin asked.
Nihlen began to recount his tale to Jaylin. It was cleverly edited on the spot to leave out the information about what happened during the day of his wedding with the ceremony, as well as what was really under the bandage beneath the hat he wore. He also changed Marina and Cal’s place in the story, saying he met them after escaping his captors.
This isn’t going to hold up if other parts of the story have to come out… Like if he knows his captor. It may be possible to trace Han back to the two of them, if the right people were asked… Marina thought to herself, but there was nothing she could do except trust in Nihlen for now.
When he was finished, Jaylin sat back in his chair, his fingers touching one another to form an arch. “That is quite a tale Nihlen.” Jaylin said, glancing over at Marina. “So you were betrayed from the inside, and kidnapped by this Han and Calden fellow. I must admit, I’m as curious as you are about why you were taken separately. Those questions will have to wait, however, for we must figure out what will be done next.”
“Yes, that certainly is a problem.” Nihlen said. “I’m sorry for getting you involved in this. Had I known the situation had turned into this, I would never have come to you. You are in danger just by me being here.”
“No, you did the right thing in coming to me Nihlen. It’s amazing you even escaped with your life. I’m sure we have this young lady and her missing friend to thank for that.” Jaylin said, inclining his head to Marina. “The problem is that Rinh crushed Draven, which certainly shouldn't be easy, in a matter of days, and with no effort or news of war to the outside. Other nations are going to fear getting involved with this island.”
“Is there any other choice though? Surely the rest of the world wouldn’t sit by and watch something like that happen.” Nihlen said.
“I know your father has taught you more about politics than that to actually believe something like that. Look at what has been happening in Rinh, but no one would touch that either. War is a slippery slope, especially when it doesn’t directly involve your country.” Jaylin said. “Even if they did want to move, going to war takes time and preparation. It would be quite some time before any action was taken.”
“So appealing to other nations is out of the question…” Nihlen said, turning to look out the window. “It seems the situation is rather hopeless. Rinh has marched in, taken my family, and overthrown my kingdom. What should I do?”
“There must be someone we can talk to.” Marina said, looking to Jaylin.
“You should take a lesson from this one Nihlen, never give up hope. You’ll abandon all those people in Draven because you think you may not be able to do it? That it sounds impossible? I hope you can look each and every one of those people in the face and tell them that.” Jaylin said.
Nihlen turned from the window, and then looked down at the floor. “I’m sorry, I could never give up. It’s just hard not to see what lies ahead as an impassible wall.”
“No wall is impassible.” Jaylin said. “You just need the right tools for the ascent.”
Marina smiled at Jaylin. He had a way with words, and a wisdom that seemed to run deep as the ocean. Nihlen was right to come to this man. The man who is greater than the King.
“By the way Nihlen, what happened to your eye?” Jaylin asked.
Nihlen didn't immediately respond. Marina could see he was fighting with himself over whether to tell Jaylin the truth or not. “I was injured during the struggle when I was kidnapped. I've had it looked at though, it just needs time to heal.”
“I see...” Jaylin said, watching Nihlen silently for a few moments. “What I propose is the following. You should travel to Leoradan. I’m sure you know the Queen there. She was also a childhood friend of your father’s. I’m sure out of anyone who rules the nations of the world currently, she will have the most sympathetic ear for your cause. Even if she can’t help you directly, I am sure you will at least gain direction by meeting with her.” Jaylin said.
“How will we get there? We have no money…” Nihlen said.
“You think I would let the son of my childhood friend wander around with nothing to find his own passage to a foreign country? Today I have a shipping vessel that is headed to Leoradan. You will ride that boat out of here. When you get there, you will give the letter I will write for you to the castle guards at the gates. It will look like the shipping manifest which needs to be signed by the Queen for her specialty order items. When she sees my letter, she will certainly take care of you from there.”
“When does the boat leave?” Marina asked.
“Very soon I’m afraid, within the hour. We must head there now if we are to make it to the docks in time.” Jaylin said.
Marina turned away, looking down at the floor. Cal… I don’t want to just leave him behind. But I can't leave Nihlen either after everything we've just learned! What should I do? She frantically asked herself.
“You can stay Marina, and find Cal. Really, you’ve done enough. I’m about to leave this land, and I don’t know if or when I’ll be coming back. I can’t get you involved in a problem of this scale.” Nihlen said.
“You’re not involving me, I’m involving myself.” Marina said, standing up. “We should be headed for the docks if we're on a tight schedule.”
“Yes, we really must be going Nihlen.” Jaylin said, standing up. Jaylin led the way downstairs, and to the front door. “I have some business to attend to, and will be home later!” He called, before opening the door, and leading the way out.
“I’m really sorry you have to be rushing again.” Jaylin said, as they approached the gate. “You’ve been on the move all night, and haven’t even had a chance to properly rest.”
“We appreciate the help Jaylin. I’m sure we’ll be able to rest plenty on the boat ride to Leoradan. It is quite a journey from here to there.” Nihlen said.
As they exited the gate, Marina looked over toward where they had left their horses, and jumped in surprise. Sitting on the ground against the fence was Cal. “Where are we headed to now?” He asked.
“The docks.” Jaylin said. “You must be Cal. I’m Jaylin Pascel. You can leave the horses here, I will make sure they are attended to.”
Marina expected Cal to say he wasn’t here to come along, but to her surprise, he stood up, and walked over to join their group. “Lead the way.” He said, gesturing for them to begin walking.
As they walked, Marina moved up beside Cal. “Are you coming with me, even though you have no idea what’s going on?” Marina asked.
“I am.” Cal answered simply.
“Why would you be doing that? You definitely have a problem with what I’m doing.” Marina stated.
“I do have a problem with what you’re doing, but I have a bigger problem with something happening to you. You have yourself convinced you have to do this, so I have to see you through it safely, even if I don’t like it one bit.” Cal said, looking down at her.
“What would I do without you?” She asked.
“You’d either still be a maid at that household, or you’d have been swallowed up by the streets long ago.” He said, but he smiled at her slightly.
“I’m glad you two have made up.” Nihlen said, turning to walk backward so he could look at them.
“Don’t start getting all friendly with me, I’m not doing it for your sake. Don’t think I’ll put my life on the line for you or anything. I’m only coming along to protect Marina.” Cal said, looking away.
“Well none the less, it’s another one along for the ride.” Nihlen said, turning around and heading forward.





Chapter 7


The Calm Before the Storm


In all, the trip from the island of Askrah to the land of Leoradan is a two month voyage. They were already a few weeks into the journey, but Nihlen wasn’t the least bit tired of the peace. Out at sea, spending the days relaxing in the coolness of the ocean breeze and the warmth of the sun. After all the running they did, it felt good to not be looking over his shoulder. Every time he thought of the end of the voyage though, and what would come after that, he began to feel squeamish. Thinking of his family didn’t help that feeling either.
If only it were just sea sickness… Nihlen thought, as Cal came running out onto the deck. He threw himself over the rail, and began his frequent ritual of losing anything he'd eaten because of sea sickness. On the inside, just a little bit, Nihlen found his predicament amusing.
Marina followed behind Cal a few minutes later. Quickly checking on him, Marina then made her way across the deck to where Nihlen stood. “How are you feeling today?” She asked.
“Better than him at least.” Nihlen said, nodding toward Cal.
“Indeed… I’m not sure he’s going to survive the trip at this rate.” Marina said, giving Cal a worried look.
Nihlen had spent much of the trip so far with Marina. They had spent a lot of time talking, and were getting along better all the time. Things between Cal and Nihlen hadn't improved at all though. When he'd learned they were taking the boat to a foreign country he'd been silent, but clearly wasn't happy about getting on the boat. He'd avoided Nihlen like a plague though, which had suited Nihlen just fine.
Marina turned from Cal, and leaned over the railing of the ship. She looked out to the ocean, just staring at the horizon. “I feel really small out here… Nothing around but water and this boat. It’s almost as if the rest of the world doesn’t exist.”
Nihlen leaned over the railing, and looked out into the vastness of the ocean as well. It was a perfect, clear day. The light blue of the sky met perfectly with the dark blue waters of the ocean. The two fit together like pieces of a puzzle.
“I think I'm going to see about preparing some lunch.” Marina said, rising from the rail of the ship. “When Cal is… Finished, bring him down. I’m sure food is the last thing he’d want, but he’s going to whither away if this continues.”
Giving him one last smile, Marina turned and walked away. She stopped next to Cal, whispered something, and then headed for the door which led to the lower levels of the ship. Nihlen watched as the door closed behind her, and continued watching for a few moments after the door was closed.
Turning away, Nihlen looked around the ship, and the crew going about their daily business. Running the ship was a full time job for them. The crew had been very kind, probably due to the direct request from their employer. The Captain of the Meteor, Vel Harling, had been very accommodating of them. They hadn’t spent much time with the crew itself, except the occasional hello, but Nihlen understood they were busy. This was their job, and they weren’t a passenger ship.
Looking back out to the ocean, Nihlen’s thoughts returned to Marina. Nihlen was extremely grateful to Marina, for two reasons. First and foremost, she had kept secret what happened in the forest, and his new left eye. That must have been very difficult, considering her initial reaction and everything he did in that forest. Secondly, when they had first arrived on the ship, Nihlen had fallen into a depression. He sat in their room, wallowing in the misery of his current situation. Marina had sat by his door all night, just talking. Even though he didn’t respond, she continued to talk to and encourage him. Listening to her had awoken something within him, and he rose above his doubt. Though the Path he was about to take filled him with fear, he felt ready to embrace it. Though it wasn’t quite what he had wished for, his Path had deviated from the one set in stone for him. It filled him with terror, but a small part of him reveled in it, which only raised his feelings of guilt and fear over his family and kingdom all the more.
Not that this has to end anytime soon… He thought, unable to keep himself from enjoying this slice of momentary peace in the face of what he knew was to come.
Nihlen continued to look out over the ocean, looking over toward Cal every once in a while. Finally, the sounds of his sea sickness vanished, and Cal straightened up. Nihlen began walking toward him to deliver Marina’s message.
“Stop there.” Cal said shortly, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. He straightened up, and looked at Nihlen, his stare hard as a rock. Here it comes. I knew it wouldn't be long until he confronted me. “I think you need to stay away from Marina.” He said abruptly, slightly shaking from his most recent purge. “She’s spending far too much time with you.”
Oh boy… Nihlen thought, putting a hand up to his neck. “Cal… I really don’t know what to say. I know you don't like me, we've established this already. I also know Marina is important to you, but she is her own person. You can threaten me in the shadows when she’s not around, and follow her like a pup when she-”
Cal suddenly lunged forward. It was quite impressive, considering his emaciated state. He grabbed Nihlen by the shirt, pulling him into his face.
“Do not lecture me.” He said, his grip tightening. “When we reach Leoradan, I am going to put Marina back onto this ship, and put an end to this foolishness. I suggest you tell her the same. You shouldn't risk her life in something she isn't involved in, and you know it.”
He then cocked his fist back, and punched Nihlen in the face. Nihlen didn’t try to resist in any way. He didn’t try to dodge, or block the attack. He took it straight in the face. As he reeled from the hit, Cal pulled him back into his face once more. “I will not warn you again. Stay away from her. Cut your ties, and send her back when we arrive.”
With that, he threw Nihlen back, and stormed through the door leading below, slamming it behind him.
So much for a quiet, sunny day. Nihlen thought, rubbing his already swelling cheek as he too headed to the belly of the ship. He couldn’t be angry with Cal though, for his feelings were justified. It was the right thing to do, just as he said. Cut all ties with Marina and send her back. Enough time would have passed during this voyage that they could probably return to Rinh by the time they got back. It was right, but Nihlen already knew inside it wasn’t what she wanted.
It wasn’t what he wanted either.
As Nihlen made his way into the kitchen he found Cal and Marina already seated, with plates of food in front of them. There was a third plate prepared for Nihlen, which he eagerly sat in front of. Marina had been cooking for them the entire journey, so that the crew would not have to worry about taking care of them. The food she prepared was very good, and Nihlen enjoyed her cooking very much.
Marina was eating silently, looking down at her plate. Cal was pushing a carrot around his plate, also staring down silently. It looks like Cal had words with Marina as well… Nihlen thought, starting to eat his food. I think it would be best to just leave it alone for now. Saying anything may only strain things further.
So silently they ate. When he was finished, Nihlen excused himself with a few hasty words, and headed once more to the deck. Once outside, he looked around. The day was moving closer to evening, and the salty air was beginning to grow cold. Nihlen leaned against the door he had just come through, and closed his eyes. He placed a hand on his cheek, which was warm and throbbing slightly.
Maybe he’s right… Though his method is crude, his actions come from a good place. He cares only about Marina’s safety, and this situation is anything but safe. I should do the right thing, just as he suggested, and put her back on this ship when we arrive. She’s been through enough already.
Nihlen felt a strange twinge in his chest at this thought. Ever since they'd boarded the Meteor, he'd battled with himself over this decision. Both for the reason that he hated agreeing with Cal, and that he hated the thought of Marina no longer traveling with him. In our short time together, I already feel like I’ve known her my entire life… It’s ironic I wouldn’t want the person who kidnapped me on my wedding day to stop traveling with me.
Or maybe she saved me instead.
Feeling restless, Nihlen looked around the ship. When he looked up, and saw the look out point atop the mast, he quickly decided that was where he wanted to go. He scaled up the mast, until he reached the look out point at the top. It was unoccupied, and Nihlen sat back against the wall of the small structure, looking out over the ocean. Slowly the sun set, and he watched it in quiet contemplation, wrestling with himself on what he should do about Marina and Cal.
“Ship approaching off the port bow!” A voice suddenly called out. “It’s flying an unfamiliar flag. What are your orders, Captain?”
The sounds of sudden action below were everywhere as the crew scrambled around the ship, and another booming voice, that of Vel, split the serenity of the sea. “All hands on deck! Prepare for a possible attack! Full speed ahead, lets try to outrun them first!”
Nihlen looked around the ocean surrounding them. He didn’t know anything about boating, and had no idea which directions ‘port’ and ‘bow’ indicated. It didn’t take long to see a large ship, slowly approaching them from far off on the horizon.
Silently, the entire ship waited as the ship ambled ever closer. Even at full speed, it became clear they could not outrun the unknown vessel. Nihlen squinted at the ship, trying to see the flag. It was several minutes before Nihlen could begin to make it out. It appeared to be a long sword planted in a skull.
That flag… I’ve seen it somewhere before in my studies. It seems so long ago though, I can’t remember it. It’s not the flag of any nation, but that flag is still very important. Nihlen thought, sinking back into the small structure. I'll wait here and see what happens for now.
The sun had nearly set before the strange ship had reached them. It was holding pace with them, about the length of a ship away. On the deck were several men, large and weather beaten. As Nihlen surveyed them from above, each one looked bigger than the last. These guys were bad news.
“We’ll be having all your cargo!” A voice from the ship called. The accent was quite thick, with a strange twang to it. Nihlen searched the deck for the source of the voice, and saw a man standing on the side rail of the deck. “We’ll be coming aboard now, and if you want to keep your lives, you’ll do just as we say and not try anything funny.”
The other men on the ship were yelling and brandishing their weapons. Then others came into view, carrying grappling hooks. They tossed them over, and men began to swing across, landing with loud thuds against the side of the ship before scaling up the side. Nihlen counted each of them as they pulled themselves aboard the Meteor. Seven total. Then, one more grappling hook came flying across the space between the ships, and the man who'd been standing on the railing of the deck swung across. Two of the other men quickly pulled him up.
That one must be the Captain. Nihlen thought, following him up the side of the ship as the men hoisted him aboard.
The men not helping their Captain were brandishing weapons threateningly, making their intentions clear. As the Captain landed on the Meteor's deck, he too drew a blade, and stepped forward to the front of his comrades.
“As I said before.” The Captain said, pointing his sword toward Vel. “We’ll be taking everything you got on your ship. I suggest you keep your men in line, no one needs to be a hero.”
“The cargo on this ship includes cargo for the Queen of Leoradan.” Vel said, standing tall even with a blade pointed at him. “Stealing the Queen’s cargo would be viewed as an act of war.”
All the men burst out laughing, the enemy Captain loudest of all. “You think we care about such a thing?” He asked, still roaring with laughter. “I’ve stolen the Queen’s cargo hundreds of times! We're from Elharlia, everything we do is an act of war! Now no more talking! Boys, take care of the place!”
Just as the men started forward, and Vel and his crewman drew weapons, the door to below deck suddenly burst open. Through it ran Marina, followed by a very worried looking Cal.
“What is going on here?” Marina asked, looking around at everyone. Nihlen's panic heightened the instant the two came above deck.
“What do we have here?” The Captain asked, starting forward himself. “I thought this was a cargo ship, but here we have quite a lovely lady! How about you come along with us?”
The Captain reached out toward Marina, but his hand was suddenly smacked away. “How about you keep your filthy hands to yourself.” Cal said, stepping in front of Marina.
“Oh, we got a tough guy here boys!” The man exclaimed, starting another round of raucous laughter from himself and his men. Then his sword suddenly flew up, and he pressed the tip to Cal’s neck. “Tough guys go for swims in the ocean that they never return from.” He said dangerously.
A deep throb echoed through Nihlen’s head and left eye. It was the first time it had troubled him since they had boarded the ship. Like in the forest, he began to feel the situation was dangerous, and the feeling of a strange sort of detachment, and power, began to well up within him.
Without even thinking, Nihlen was flying over the side of the look out point. He removed his hat as he fell, and tore the bandages off the left side of his face, uncovering his eye. Then he placed his hat back on his head. All as he was falling through the air. With a loud crash that cracked the boards of the deck, Nihlen landed on the ground in a squatting position, staring down at the deck.
The Captain had looked up just in time to jump back before Nihlen landed, and was staring at Nihlen wide eyed. “Who are you?”
Slowly, Nihlen stood up. As he rose, he placed his left hand on the hat covering his eye. “I’m just a passenger on this ship.” Nihlen said, looking up until he met the gaze of the man with only his right eye.
“You would have done well to stay wherever you were hiding boy.” The Captain said, shaking off his surprise. “Didn’t you hear me say no one should be a hero?”
“I heard you loud and clear.” Nihlen said, his voice quiet. He didn’t break his gaze for a second. “I am not acting the hero. I have simply come to tell you that you will leave this ship, and sail back to wherever it is you came from.”
When he finished talking, he slowly began pushing the hat up from his left eye. As the Captain’s face came into his left eye’s field of vision, a look of horror came on his face, and the faces of his men. He scrambled backward, a small gasp escaping his lips.
“What in the world are you?” The Captain sputtered, looking around at his men. “Don’t just stand there! Get him!” He screamed.
“Don’t do it.” Nihlen warned quietly. The men all froze in place, hesitating. “It is time for all of you to leave this ship.”
“I’m sorry Captain!” One of the men screamed. Without a moments hesitation, he jumped over the side of the deck. Like the flood gates had opened, all the other men started to follow. The Captain pulled a knife from his belt, set his sight over the side of the ship, and threw the knife, skewering the man before he even hit the water.
“You will regret this boy! You have no idea who you’re messing with!” He screamed, brandishing his sword violently toward Nihlen. “Anyone else have any bright ideas about jumping ship!?” He roared to his men.
The men looked at their Captain, then turned back to Nihlen. “No sir!” They answered in unison, running toward Nihlen.
“That’s too bad.” Nihlen said quietly.
The men were coming as one mass, and Nihlen squared himself for their attack. The crew of the Meteor, Cal, and Marina all stood dumbfounded as the men rushed Nihlen. As the first reached him, he swiped his sword vertically at Nihlen, who easily side stepped the blow. As he moved, he kicked the man’s legs out from under him, and then dealt him a crushing blow to the ribs, sending him rolling across the deck of the ship. Undeterred, the other five reached him simultaneously, deciding to all hit him at the same time. Nihlen lightly dodged their flurry of blows, never moving from his spot. As each one attacked, and was dodged, they were brought down. A chop to the neck, a kick to the groin. A broken nose, a foot in the chest. One by one they fell like flies, never even landing a hit on Nihlen.
The fight was over almost before it even started. The men were sprawled out on the deck, some moaning in pain, others out cold. All that was left was the Captain.
“Do you wish the same for yourself as them?” Nihlen asked, moving menacingly toward the Captain.
“Stay back!” He warned, brandishing his sword. “You really are some kind of monster, that’s for sure, but what about your friends?” He suddenly pulled another dagger, and cocked the blade back, aiming it at Marina.
Nihlen was filled with a sudden rage. He closed the space between him and the Captain in the blink of an eye. Twisting his arm, he forced him to point the knife toward the Captain's own side. A look of pure terror covered the Captain's face. Nihlen smiled at him, fully glaring at him with his strange new eye.
Without a word, he slammed his head into the Captain’s, opening up a bloody gash on the man’s forehead. Shaking in fear, the Captain looked at Nihlen, wide eyed. He seemed oblivious to the blow. All he knew right now was pure fear. “Let me go, we’ll be leaving!” He roared.
“Yes, you will.” Nihlen said, picking the man up by the throat. Marina whimpered slightly, starting toward Nihlen, but Cal held her back. He too had a look of complete fear, but also admiration for the true strength of the fighter standing before him. As much as he hated to admit it. He knew nothing of Nihlen’s eye, nor what had transpired in the forest. Just that right now, the Prince was unstoppable.
Soundlessly, Nihlen held the Captain over the edge of the ship. “Ready yourself to leave, your comrades will be joining you shortly.” Without another word, he dropped the Captain over the side of the ship.
“Help me throw these guys over.” Nihlen said, pulling his hat low over his eye before he turned around. His words, and the action of turning around, broke the spell that had come over everyone. Cal, and other members of the crew moved over to the men, and one by one they tossed them over the edge of the ship into the water below.
The crewmen who hadn’t crossed over to the Meteor had started jumping into the water to fetch their Captain and unconscious crew mates. Their boat began to slow, and the Meteor quickly pulled away. Nihlen watched as the men floundered around in the water, being left behind by their slowing ship.
The strange feeling that seemed to accompany his new eye, which had come over him before he jumped off the mast, began to vanish. It occurred to him how strange the entire scene must have seemed to all that were watching. It seemed very strange to him now too.
“First, I’d like to thank you boy.” Vel said, stepping forward. “But there is something very wrong here.”
Nihlen closed his eyes. There was no way he would be able to explain any of this.
“I’ve been on the sea almost my entire life. I’ve had encounters with pirates and thieves in the past. Those men said they were of Elharlia. I don't know if that's true, but you easily defeated seven men and their Captain. No single man, no matter how strong, would destroy them so utterly and easily, without even taking a hit. Not to mention what they said when they saw your face. What exactly are you hiding beneath that hat, boy?” Vel asked, stepping right up to Nihlen’s face.
Without saying a word, Nihlen pulled the hat off his face, fully exposing his eye to the small crowd of people gathered on the deck.
Several people gasped, and a few of the men fell back. Vel turned from Nihlen, falling to his knees. Cal was staring at him, a blank expression on his face. His knees were shaking. Marina was also staring at him, but her gaze was soft, and she didn’t show any reaction. Nothing like the first time she saw it.
“This changes things…” Vel said, slowly pushing himself to his feet. “I do not know what you are. I do not know what Jaylin knows about you, and I am not sure why he asked us to take you. But I do know that there is something wrong with that eye, and I have to put the safely of my crew first. I’m going to have to restrain you for the remainder of the voyage. I ask that you please cooperate.”
“Now hold on just a minute! Nihlen just saved us all!” Marina said, stomping forward. “You can’t seriously mean to treat him like he’s done something wrong!”
“Marina, it’s all right.” Nihlen said quietly, placing a hand on her shoulder. “Vel is in a position of leadership. He does not know me, and he must put the safety of those who are in his charge first. I will do as you ask Vel, lead the way.”
Two of Vel’s crewman grabbed Nihlen, one under each arm, and took him away, led by the Captain. Nihlen looked over his shoulder at Marina before they disappeared below deck.
“I’m sorry about this boy.” Vel said as the door closed behind them. “The little miss there must think I’m the one who is a monster.”
Nihlen winced at Vel’s words, but hid it behind composure. “I understand your reasoning Vel, and I do not have a problem with it. Just don’t lock up Marina and Cal. They’ve only known me for a short time, and have nothing to do with this.”
“I will not lock them up lad, and they will be free to visit you. I’ll have to place a guard outside to make sure nothing funny happens, I’m sure you understand.”
Vel led them down to the bottom of the ship. Along with all the cargo was a small cage. “This is our brig. Make yourself at home lad. You’ll have what you need, but I’m going to have to ask for that letter Jaylin gave you.” Vel said, holding his hand out to Nihlen expectantly.
“I can’t give this to you… I really need to meet with the Queen.” Nihlen said, deciding to be completely honest. “I will never make it to see her if she doesn't receive that letter.”
“She will see the letter lad, do not fear that.” Vel said, opening the door to the cage. “But I wouldn’t be a very good countryman if I didn’t do my best to protect my Queen from any possible threat. I must tell her about what I’ve seen, and she will make the correct decision.”
Nihlen looked at Vel for a few moments, and then reached into his pocket. He pulled out the letter Jaylin had given him, and handed it over.
“I’m not your enemy boy, do not fear my intentions so. You look like you’re losing your hand.” Vel said, placing a hand on Nihlen’s shoulder. “Circumstances have just changed. I can tell by the words you said to calm the young lady that you yourself are accustomed to the idea of leadership. This will all turn out all right I’m sure. I don‘t do this out of my own fear, but for the sake of my crew. I heard their reactions when they saw that… Eye of yours, and these are men who have also fought for their lives on the high seas. I must keep order while we are out here.”
Nihlen stepped into the small cage, and Vel closed the door behind him. “I’m sure the young miss is itching at the door to get down here, so I’ll send her right down.” Vel said, starting to walk away. He suddenly stopped though, and turned back. “That is quite a beautiful lover you have there boy, you did really well in her.” He said, walking away chuckling before Nihlen could correct the idea.
As Vel disappeared, Nihlen sat down, leaning against the bars of the cage. Moments later, Nihlen heard the sound of hurried footsteps down the stairs. As Marina came into view, she whirled around, spotting Nihlen.
“The nerve of that man!” She huffed, running over to the cage. “I’m so sorry Nihlen! If I hadn’t insisted on seeing what was going on, you wouldn’t have had to come down. I'm going to go give Vel a piece of my mind!”
“I would have ended up coming down anyways.” Nihlen said, trying to reassure her. “There was no way I could let those guys rob Jaylin’s ship. Please, Marina, just let this be. I believe Vel is a trustworthy man, and he's doing what he believes is best. The last thing anyone wants is a mutiny out here where we can't escape after all.”
“Still…” Marina said, a slight whimper in her voice. She’s really upset about this… Nihlen thought, feeling a slightly warm feeling in his stomach.
“It’s only another month or so!” Nihlen said jokingly, trying to lighten the mood. “Maybe I can convince Vel to haul me up to the deck every once in a while.”
Marina began giggling, and wiped the tears away that were forming in her eyes. Then a silence fell between them, and Marina looked away. Nihlen looked at her, wondering what she was thinking.
“What’s it like?” She asked suddenly, her voice barely above a whisper.
Nihlen didn’t have to guess she meant his eye, and the strange mood that overtook him during the two fights he had experienced. “Scary…” Was the first word that popped into his mind. “A pounding sensation of pain rushes through my head and eye, and a strange feeling of detachment overtakes me. But then I feel a rush of power coursing through my veins, sense impending danger, it's like I can do anything. Even jump from the mast without flinching. The world slows down around me, and I feel invincible. I feel calm, I don’t have to pretend like I’ve done in the past, like when you guys-”
He cut off suddenly, not wanting to say it. Like when you guys kidnapped me.
She simply nodded, still looking away from him, waiting for him to continue his story.
“The first time, there was an overwhelming blood lust as well. I killed those people without a moment of hesitation.” He chocked on those last words. He had done his best to not think of that particular event. It made him feel sick, thinking he had taken lives, and even sicker he had felt nothing when it happened. “I think it may have continued that way if you hadn’t plead with me, told me to stop. Tonight was nothing like that. I felt the same power, but I didn’t feel the need to kill them at all. I simply wanted to stop them, to protect everyone. To protect…”
He cut off once again, not sure if he should say it. To protect you.
Suddenly, Marina turned around. She came over to the cage, and reached her hand slightly inside. “Whatever is with that eye, I will help you find out. It feels evil, but one thing I know already is you aren’t evil. There are many things in this world I don’t know, don’t understand. I don’t know what will happen when we leave this ship, and it scares me to my bones to even think of it. Yet…”
She stopped suddenly, withdrawing her hand from the cage. “I don’t know what I want to say exactly.” She said, looking down at the floor. “It’s been a rather eventful night, and I think we could all use some food and rest. I’m going to go get you some dinner, all right? Wait here…” Marina said, starting to walk away. She stopped after a few steps, and laughed a little. “Not that you have any choice to wait, I suppose.” She chuckled at her own joke.
“I’m glad it’s funny now!” Nihlen called after her as she disappeared. He caught a glance of her as she started up the stairs. She had suddenly seemed sad and distant. He had wanted to lighten her mood, joke along with her, but to no avail it seemed.
As her footsteps faded, Nihlen leaned his head back, closing his eyes. What an eventful night. I guess things can never stay fully peaceful even out here…
The sound of foot steps approaching again pulled him out of his thoughts. He wondered who would be coming this time, since there was no way Marina had already prepared food to bring down. Nihlen peered out from between the bars. The footsteps suddenly stopped, and Nihlen continued peering through the cage, trying to see over as far as he could in the limited space. When the footsteps started up again, Cal suddenly came into view.
The two just stared at one another, neither saying anything. Slowly Cal began approaching the cage. As he closed in, he sat down on the floor, right outside the bars.
“Words are not my specialty.” He said, looking directly at Nihlen. “I’m just going to say what I have to say. I have made it clear since we met that I don’t like you or want to have anything to do with you. I hate your kind, and that hasn’t changed. But even I can only be so stubborn. You put your neck on the line for all of us, even rushed the man who threatened Marina to save her, and as a man I can’t ignore that.”
Nihlen bowed his head in acceptance.
“However… I have found a new problem with you, and I’m sure you can guess what that may be.” Cal said.
“I’m sure it’s the same thing that has me in this cage.” Nihlen said.
Cal moved closer to the cage, peering in at Nihlen between the bars. “I want you to tell me the truth behind that eye. If I see even a hint of a lie, I’ll make sure this cage goes overboard with you still in it.”
So Nihlen told him everything he knew. What he knew about the ceremony that day they kidnapped him. What happened during the ceremony, and even how he had felt. He told him of the headaches, and what happened when he stayed behind in the forest that night. Every detail, even the deaths of all those men. He told him of Marina finding him, and even how she reacted when she had seen his eye. He left nothing out, and put everything he knew on the table.
Cal had listened silently the entire time, until Nihlen finished speaking. He sat silently for a long while, staring off at the cargo around them. When he finally turned back to Nihlen, he said. “That’s a lot to take in, and thinking is not my greatest strength either. But I’ll tell you what I think so far. I believe your story, and Marina seems to believe it too. The capture of Draven, and something strange like this. Even someone like me can see they have to be related.”
Suddenly, he stood up, still looking down a Nihlen. “You are a strange person, Prince of Draven. I think I may understand a little of why Marina doesn’t hate you. I will try my best to understand you, and limit my hostility. But you must promise me something as well.”
“What is that?” Nihlen asked.
“Try to learn what it’s like to not be nobility. Right now, technically you aren’t. You stick out when you talk to people, and that will make it difficult to hide. You have to learn to be a commoner now, so I don’t want to see any of the… Entitlement you display when you think of yourself as a Prince.” Cal said.
Looking at Cal, Nihlen suddenly burst out laughing. “You are right, I am no longer a Prince, at least until my kingdom is reclaimed. At this point, I am just a regular person, treading down my Path like any other. I will do my best to heed your advice Cal.”
With that, Cal nodded, and started to walk away. He stopped though, and turned back. “Of course, if anything happens to Marina because of this, I'll hold you personally responsible.” Then he walked off once more without waiting for Nihlen's response.
Nihlen watched him go, wondering what exactly had brought about this sudden change of heart. He had expected Cal to fly off the handle, call him a monster, maybe even try to kill him right there. To tell him he wouldn’t see Marina for the rest of the voyage at the very least. Wouldn’t see her ever again. Never would he have expected acceptance.
You may be a lot smarter than you believe, Cal Vaciri. Nihlen thought, suddenly feeling very tired.





Chapter 8


Truth and Consequence


After the events with the enemy ship, nothing of interest had happened. The rest of the voyage had been smooth and event-less. It was the day they were to arrive in Leoradan, and Marina was standing outside on the deck of the ship, savoring this last day of the at-sea life.
She had spent all morning in the hold keeping Nihlen company. It was only at his insistence that she get some fresh air that she had even come above deck. He’s handled the whole thing very well. I would be going crazy in that confined space for a month. But he hasn’t complained or appealed to Vel even once. His will is very admirable…
A sudden warmth radiated through her cheeks, and she realized she was blushing. She quickly rubbed at her face, before looking back out to the water.
“Hello young miss!” Vel called, walking toward her from across the other side of the ship.
“Hello Vel.” She said curtly. She had made it a point to be short and distant from Vel, to let him know just how she felt about Nihlen’s situation.
“I was just coming over to let you know we’ll be to port within the next few hours. You may want to prepare your things to disembark. Luckily for us, the port we are headed for is also where the palace is located. It is the grand city of Falshia, the jewel of the nation of Leoradan.” Vel said, acting like he hadn’t noticed her attitude. He had done that the whole time, making Marina’s efforts vain for all but her own satisfaction.
“I prepared last night.” She said shortly. “I have been ready to get off this ship for some time.”
Chuckling to himself, Vel strode off without saying another word to her, barking orders at his crew.
It seemed to be no time before land came into sight, and they were pulling into the harbor. Cal and Marina were waiting on the deck, when Vel approached them.
“I will be heading directly to see the Queen.” He said, stepping back to show them his clothes. He was wearing a very clean, white vested shirt and black slacks. He was even clean shaven, which surprised Marina. The appearance did not really fit the Captain they had seen and known for the last two months. Much too orderly and clean. “I would advise you to wait on this ship. If you must stray, however, do not wander off too far, lest you become lost.”
With that, Vel disembarked. Marina stood on the deck, watching as he slowly disappeared into the crowds loitering around the docks and vanished from sight.
“Cal, take some of the gold Jaylin gave us and head into the city. I want you to find us an inn. Whether accommodations are offered to us or not, we will be staying in the city while we are here. Come back to the ship when you are finished, and leave word if we're already gone.”
Cal nodded, and he too disembarked, disappearing into the crowds to take care of his work.
Once Cal was out of sight, Marina headed down to visit Nihlen once again. As she entered the hold, she saw him sitting as he always was. He was reading a book he had asked Vel for, and didn’t look up as she approached.
“The Captain has left to see the Queen, so you should be getting out of there soon.” She said, sitting down next to the cage.
“The day has finally come.” Nihlen said, shutting the book and looking up at her. “I’ll see the Queen, and find out what lies ahead on my Path.”
“You talk about your Path frequently, so you must hold a lot of faith in that ideal, right?” Marina asked. “I myself do not know much about the Faith. Perhaps you could tell me more about it while we wait?”
“Certainly. The Faith has existed for as long as people have, as far as I know anyways. It's said the belief was established by an old man long ago. His name was Morcalla, and the Path was his interpretation of life. He explained the life span of man in this way, and people accepted it. In time it spread across the world, and was embraced by many nations. The Faith is used to guide people as they grow, helping them realize choices they make have consequences. As I told you, our lives are a journey. The steps we take on that journey are the Path which we travel. Though it may branch off, and go in different directions, it always leads to the same place, no matter who you are. The only part which cannot be controlled is the destination. The rest is up to the turns you take along the way.” Nihlen said gently, placing the book on the floor. “As a child, many of the choices along your Path are decided for you by those around you. The older you get, the more choices fall under your own command. As we reach a certain point of life, the skills we have acquired, the experiences we have had, begin to help set the Path we will take. The Path can sometimes be backtracked, a new one taken. Other times it cannot. Some choices send us down a part of the Path there is no turning back from. You can only continue forward, trying your best to live with the Path you have taken, trying to never take a Path to regret again.
Marina contemplated him silently. She herself had no real belief except for in life itself. Everything else was just the things people told themselves to explain life. “I am guessing the end of the Path is death, since that is the only thing that would be there for everyone. What happens after that?” She asked.
“It is said at the end of the path, along with death, is the Creator. There he waits to welcome back the spirit of each of life's travelers. With the Creator, you will see the culmination of the Path you’ve taken. See it all laid out before you. The only way to truly know what happens at that point is to walk there yourself though.”
Marina simply nodded, and sat quietly outside the cage. The wait was excruciatingly long, or so it felt. She wasn’t sure how long it was before she heard the sound of someone descending into the ship.
When Vel came into sight, he moved toward the cage. “The Queen has agreed to see you lad. She has sent an escort to take you to the palace. I will take you outside at once.”
Vel quickly unlocked the cage, and Nihlen stepped outside, stretching appreciatively. “Let’s be on our way then.” Nihlen said, gesturing for Vel to lead the way.
As they were making their way out of the ship, Nihlen’s balance seemed off. He tripped slightly, and Marina reached out and caught him.
“Are you all right?” She asked, concerned. “Is you head hurting again?”
“Not at all,” Nihlen said, straightening. “I just haven’t moved much this last month. I need to get used to it again I guess.” He finished, smiling brightly at her.
Outside, Nihlen took a deep breath from next to her. “It feels good to be outside again.” He said, stretching his arms above his head.
“If you’re not careful, you’re going to get used to being held captive.” Marina said, laughing.
Vel turned around to look at her, and she quickly looked away. Oh no… He has no idea what really happened between Nihlen and I… She thought frantically, but Vel seemed to think nothing of it as he led them down from the ship.
Standing at the dock was a single man. He was an adult male, perhaps thirty years old or so by her guess. His black hair was cut short, his eyes as piercing as a hawk. He was wearing a brown coat that looked worn and well used. He had a look on his face that spoke of mild interest in the situation. When they reached the dock, the man put his hand out toward Nihlen.
“I am the Queen’s envoy, Galen Inglid. I will be escorting you up to the castle at the Queen’s request.”
“I am… Just Nihlen will do for now.” Nihlen said, shaking the man’s hand. “This is Marina, and we have a third companion. Where is he Marina?”
“I sent him into the city to run an errand for me. I will take care of him later. Let us be on our way for now.” Marina said.
“Thank you for bringing us here Vel, and sorry for any trouble we may have caused.” Nihlen said, bowing to Vel.
“It was no trouble at all lad.” Vel said, smiling. “If the Queen has accepted you, then I accept you as well. You are welcome on my boat anytime. Come see me if you ever want a job fending off pirates.” With a wave and a chuckle, Vel headed back onto his boat, whistling to himself. As soon as he was on board, he began barking orders for his crew to begin unloading their goods.
With a head nod, Galen prompted them to follow him through the busy wharf. They dodged and weaved through sailors and other pedestrian traffic, until the city proper came into sight.
Galen led them through the city. He looked back occasionally to make sure they were still following him, but said nothing. Nihlen didn’t seem to be pushing for any conversation, so Marina decided to follow his example and remain quiet for the time being.
She looked around at the city as they walked. The buildings were enormous, and all seemed to be built from a white stone. The streets were very busy, just like the capital of Draven had been. Like the cities of Draven, the people seemed happy here. The streets were clean, and the noise of the people's daily lives surrounding her was positive. Inside, she felt a small twinge of sadness. Another beautiful place, why couldn't Rinh be like this? She thought sadly.
“That is the palace.” Galen suddenly said, pointing.
Marina turned to see where he was pointing, and gasped when she saw the structure. It was enormous, at least twice as large as the castle she had seen in Draven, if not larger. It sat on a large hill, looming over the rest of the city like a beacon. It was made of beautiful white stone, like the other buildings, and looked as smooth as if it had just been built. It was seamless, and almost seemed its soaring ramparts and great stone statues of mythical beasts had been carved from a single gigantic stone. To be so enormous, and still so far away… Marina thought, dumbfounded by its size.
“For as long as Leoradan has existed, so has this palace. Over countless generations since, it has been improved, and kept in a state of perfection. The palace is a symbol of our land’s greatness, and strength. There is not another palace in the world which can rival the majesty of ours. Designed by the greatest architects, and constructed by the greatest craftsman. There truly are few sights as magnificent as seeing The Great White Palace for the first time.” Galen said, his voice filled with great pride.
The closer the group got to the palace, the more looming it was. Never had Marina seen a building such as this. It almost felt as if she was approaching a mountain. Oddly enough, it made her squeamish as well, as if it was going to fall over on her.
“I’ve only ever heard this palace described by my father, and in books. To see it in person is truly breath taking though. It is definitely superior to any castle I have ever seen.” Nihlen said, admiration clear in his tone.
I’m surprised he would say that, considering he has a castle in his own land… I wonder if he really meant it. It’s hard to tell with him sometimes… Marina thought, glancing over at Nihlen. He was still looking at the building, and he did indeed look impressed.
“The Queen is already awaiting your visit. She cleared her schedule for you even. I am not sure who you are yet boy, but I am eager to find out. We will proceed straight to the throne room. You had better have manners before the Queen.” Galen said, eying both of them hard over his shoulder.
“Of course.” Nihlen said, flourishing a small bow as they walked. Galen nodded once, and turned back around.
Finally, as the castle seemed like it just couldn’t get any bigger to Marina, they had reached the gates. The guards flanking them, dressed in armor with gold and maroon tabards, saluted as they opened them. Galen continued to stride forward, his pace quickening. Into the castle they strode, and still Galen’s pace increased. They were walking so fast Marina couldn’t get much of a chance to look around. Everywhere she looked though, she saw gold and other precious objects. Large paintings of many kinds of scenes, and grand tapestries that looked very old, as well as ones that looked new. The inside was as breathtaking as the outside. The hallway was vaulted far above her head, reinforcing the enormity of the building she'd seen from the outside. It had quite an imposing, and impressive quality to it. She didn’t have time to look much though, as it took all her attention just to keep up with Galen and Nihlen without starting to run.
Down one hallway, a turn, down another hallway, up some stairs. Down another hallway. Galen quickly navigated the correct path from the countless halls, until they turned down a hallway that ended in two large doors made of a very fine oak.
“The Queen is just beyond those doors. She has asked to meet with you privately, but I will be right out here. If I even sense something might be amiss…” Galen began, but Nihlen put up a hand.
“I assure you we bear no ill will toward the Queen. Your Queen would not place herself in danger that could be so easily avoided. Thank you for guiding us here, Galen Inglid.” Nihlen said, flourishing him another bow.
With a nod of acceptance, Galen pulled one of the doors open, and Marina followed Nihlen through the door into the throne room.
Marina’s mouth dropped as she looked around. The room was enormous. The ceiling was a vaulted style, just as the rest of the castle leading here had been. The room soared so far up it was difficult for Marina to see the top. It may have been all the way to the highest point of the castle from the looks of it. The space was large indeed, and seemed all the larger because it was empty. Only the massive pillars in the room, reaching all the way to the top, marred the perfectly open space. Physically it was empty, but Marina could sense something in the room. It echoed of power and history. The center of those vibes was currently in the middle of the room, where a regal throne sat. On that throne sat a woman who fit with the power of the room.
The Queen of Leoradan.
“Welcome Nihlen, Prince of Draven. I did not believe I would be seeing you again so soon after the coronation. Welcome to your friend as well. I am Raylia Villemoore, Queen of Leoradan.” Queen Raylia said. Her voice was full, and not necessarily loud, but everyone in the room would have heard her. She had an interesting voice to Marina. It was soft as velvet, yet also had an undertone of command. It was flawless, and the perfect voice for a Queen.
Her appearance was nothing less either. An elegant purple gown, molding perfectly to her form. She seemed perfect in her entire body, and Marina actually felt a twinge of jealously. She knew she was blessed with beauty as well, and jealousy was rare for her. The Queen invoked that jealousy, and Marina was in awe of her. Her eyes were, if possible, more piercing than Galen’s, and the deepest green she had ever seen. She held a large scepter in her hand. It was made of a purplish colored metal she wasn’t familiar with, and adorned at the top with a crown nearly large enough to be worn upon her head. Perhaps it could be worn indeed.
She looked over at Nihlen, who knelt to the ground, his head down. “Thank you for your gracious greeting, your Majesty. However, I am not the Prince of Draven at this time. As I am sure you are aware, my country has been subjugated, and so I am now just Nihlen Draven, the missing son of a missing family that used to be royalty.”
“I am surprised you would see it that way, young Prince.” Queen Raylia said, standing up. “You are the Prince of Draven. Your family is the family charged with ruling the land of Draven. Just because your country has been occupied does not change these facts. If you truly saw it that way, you would not have come here seeking my help. Embrace who you are, and what you are after. I never want to hear words like that leave your lips again.”
“Yes, your majesty.” Nihlen said, keeping his head bowed.
Watching this interaction, Marina could not help but be impressed. They were both so graceful, and almost seemed to be playing a part in a play. The exchange between two leaders of two nations is not something a person like her would normally ever see. Yet the whole thing seems slightly ridiculous too… She thought. Prostrating yourself before another person, when you would normally bow to no one. The whole thing is kind of strange.
“And this young lady here is?” Queen Raylia asked, turning toward Marina. She looked directly into Marina’s face, and her eyes seemed able to see through her. It felt as if she was reading Marina’s entire life in a single glance.
Nihlen looked up from his kneeling position, and looked over at her. “This is Marina Elderol. She helped me when I was kidnapped, and has been traveling with me since.” Nihlen said, bowing once again. “I am sorry for her manners, I did not have time to instruct her on the mannerisms of such a meeting.”
“It is of no consequence.” Queen Raylia said, still eying Marina. “I could tell from the moment she walked in she was not of nobility.”
A frown began to spread on Marina’s face. She looked over at Nihlen, who had a grimace of fear for what he knew was coming. “Well, your majesty.” Marina began, her voice dark and acidic. The Queen raised one eyebrow as she listened to Marina’s tone. “I do not care if you are the Queen or not. I will not have you talk down to me just because you think you are better than me. You will treat me with respect if you wish to receive any yourself.”
Marina looked over at Nihlen again, who had a pained look on his face. It looked like he might become ill on the spot. Marina turned her attention back to the Queen, who was giving her a hard stare.
She began to squirm under that gaze. Curse my hot blooded temper… She thought. I just insulted the Queen of a foreign nation in her own palace! I’ll be lucky if I escape capital punishment!
Marina didn’t break her gaze with the Queen though, standing defiantly. She just couldn’t give in to the fear. But suddenly, the Queens face began to change. The seriousness disappeared, and she began laughing.
Huh? Marina wondered, shocked at the sudden reaction.
The Queen laughed loudly for several moments, before letting it trail off, and taking a deep breath. “No one has talked to me that way since Jaylin Pascel, during our childhood. When we first met, and I gave him an order, he pushed me down, and told me that he didn’t care if I was going to be the Queen. I would have to treat him as an equal to become his friend. It was a lesson I’ve kept since that day.” The Queen’s face took on its serious aspect suddenly, and she looked at Marina. “You would do well to keep outbursts like that inside in the future. If you are traveling with the Prince, you may find yourself meeting other important figures. You could endanger what he is working for, as well as your lives, if you act like that ever again.”
Turning from Marina without another word, she looked at Nihlen once more. “That aside, there is much we must discuss now, Prince Nihlen. The situation in the land of Askrah is grave, but there is something far more grave at the moment.”
“What do you mean?” Nihlen asked. “What could possibly be worse than what is happening in Draven? My family missing or captive, or possibly…” He trailed off.
“It’s what you’re hiding under the hat, Prince Nihlen.” The Queen said, looking at him steadily. “I must ask that you remove that hat, and let me confirm what it is that hides beneath it.”
“Your Majesty… I do not believe that is a good idea.” Marina began, but the Queen’s face snapped over to her.
“Now is not the time for you to interfere, girl. This is a matter neither of you know anything about. Do not try my patience, and simply remain there quietly. Nihlen needs to show me that eye, so I can tell him what he needs to know.” The Queen said sternly.
Marina shut her mouth immediately. The commanding aura that emanated from her scared Marina to the bone. It was almost like looking into…
Without another word, Nihlen removed his hat, looking directly toward the Queen. Marina watched, waiting for her reaction. She made no sign at seeing the eye though. She didn’t react at all, even after looking right at it.
Why? Marina wondered, shivering when she involuntarily recalled looking into it herself.
“You show no reaction to it, which has definitely not been the reaction of anyone else who has bore witness to this.” Nihlen said, sharp as ever.
There’s no way he’d not pick up on it. Marina thought.
“How many people have seen that eye, young Prince?” The Queen asked, still looking straight at Nihlen with no signs of discomfort.
“Marina, Cal, some men in the Dark Forest, who are no longer of this world except for one of them. Vel and his crew, and the eight people on the Elharlian ship that attacked Vel’s ship at sea, though one of them is deceased by their Captain’s hand. And a man named Calden, who was also in the Dark Forest.” Nihlen added, almost forgetting about him.
“Not as terrible as it could have been, but there being living people out there who have seen that eye could be cause for concern.” The Queen said.
“Why would that be?” Marina asked.
“Nihlen, your father really told you nothing about that eye?” The Queen asked. Nihlen shook his head. “That man is so smart, and yet so foolish at the same time. It looks like I will have to tell you. This is a long story though, and involves traveling back in time quite a bit.” Suddenly she slammed the scepter into the ground three times, the sound echoing loudly throughout the chamber. Instantly, Galen moved into the room, kneeling between the two without even acknowledging them.
“Yes, my Queen?”
“Bring chairs for these two, so they may rest their feet while we talk. Also, have some refreshments brought up.”
“Right away, my Queen.” Galen said, backing out of the room.
The group waited silently for Galen’s return, the Queen refusing to begin her story until chairs and refreshments were brought.
When the items finally arrived, Nihlen and Marina were seated, with food and drink in their hands, the Queen began to stir. Clearly she was ready to begin. Nihlen and Marina listened, Marina on the edge of her seat.
“Long ago, when the island of Askrah was still the single nation of Askrah, they were seen as the strongest nation of the time, and it had always been so. There is much about Askrah, and its kings that is not recorded in history though, thanks to hundreds of years of work by both royal families. The eyes of the King of that realm were not normal. Through each generation, two ocular gifts were passed along. The left eye became known as the Eye of Kings. To look into the Eye of Kings is to see what the burden is to rule. Deep pain and devastation, all the heartache throughout history. He who bears the Eye of Kings bears the responsibility of the world. Throughout history, before Askrah fell apart, they were always looked to in times of great crisis. There were many times throughout the infinitely long history of the world where Askrah ruled everything. Their banner stretched to every continent. The consequences of the choices at that level are more difficult than anyone can imagine. The one who bears the Eye of Kings will make decisions that lead to terrible pain and sorrow, no matter how much he may not wish to.”
Nihlen reached up, and touched his eye. “Surely that is not all it does.” Nihlen said, seeming to struggle to find words for what he wanted to say. “When I have been confronted with battle, something inside me changes. I feel… Light, and my personal feelings become suppressed. All that exists before me is battle. I even killed five men in cold blood, and almost six before Marina found me and stopped me.” Nihlen said.
“There was a saying with the Eye of Kings. ‘It is black and red to match the blood that is shed, and the dark abyss of the pain of he who carries the eye.’ The Eye of Kings is like a double edged sword. The bearer is marked for all eternity, to cause terrible pain and sadness in anyone who meets its gaze. Its mark upon you will never disappear, even after you leave this world. In exchange, the power necessary to protect those that are entrusted to you is granted.”
“Power? I do not wish for power if it means I cannot restrain myself, and kill those who stand before me mercilessly.” Nihlen said, misery coating his voice.
“You must have wished for it though.” The Queen said, not sparing him even though he was in pain. “The ceremony you partook in on the day you were to be married had dual purposes. First was indeed as your father told you, to look into the future of your Path. The second though, was to suppress the Eye of Kings.”
“Why would it need to be suppressed?” Nihlen asked.
“Because you do not possess the second gift, the Eye of Gods.” The Queen said, taking a deep breath. “The second ocular gift the leaders of Askrah possessed was a right eye that also changed. However, looking into this eye does not create the same feeling as the Eye of Kings. The idea behind the Eye of Gods is to subdue the enemy without actually fighting them. Records on this eye though are limited. Probably due to those who bore the eye themselves, those of the Rinh line. There isn’t much I can tell you, but when Askrah was split, so were these gifts. It became apparent over time that possessing only one of the eyes limited the power that could be attained, and was even a danger to one’s life at times.”
“So that eye is going to kill Nihlen?” Marina asked, unable to contain herself. Words like death or kill always got her anxiety going.
“It could, but it is not guaranteed. Our nations are close, and your father has shared much about this hidden history with me. In the event of... Unforeseen circumstances, he entrusted me with information that may be able to aid you now. Like I said, your father is very smart at times, but very foolish at others.”
“What must I do?” Nihlen asked immediately.
“You must integrate fully with the Eye of Kings. What this entails, I am afraid I do not know. Your father did not delve into the specifics, only how to do it. The rest will be up to you. I will begin the preparations immediately, and will have you called on when they are complete. One more thing though, young Prince.” The Queen said. “There is a possibility that you could die from attempting to integrate with the Eye of Kings. The truth of the matter is, you awakened the eye in your time of desperation, after it was half-sealed. Now you must live with the consequences. Even if you do integrate, there is no guarantee you won't suffer effects in the future. That eye will follow you to your dying day, and it may even be the cause of your demise. I hope you will keep that in mind.”
Nihlen nodded, and the Queen turned to Marina. “I am afraid Nihlen will have to do this alone. Though nowhere near as delicate as the Path Viewing he was doing on his wedding day, the presence of others can still cause problems. If you would like to stay in the palace, I can arrange a room for you.”
“No thank you, your majesty.” Marina said, doing her best to simulate Nihlen’s bow. “I will leave Nihlen in your hands. I have lodging in the city. Please send someone to let me know when he is finished.” Marina said, turning to leave.
“I shall.” The Queen acknowledged.
As Marina exited the throne room through the large oak doors, she passed Galen, waiting once again out side. He dipped his head in acknowledgment, and led her back through the halls of the palace. As they walked, she kept her head down, fists clenched at her side.
She prayed to whatever power may be that Nihlen would be all right.





Chapter 9


Diving Deep With Little Breath


While the Queen had the necessary preparations made, she had instructed Nihlen to go rest in one of the castle’s rooms. So he followed one of the servants through the long halls, not really even paying attention. The information he had just heard was swimming in his head. So many things he didn’t know, so many things his parents hadn’t told him. Even when he arrived at the room that had been prepared for him, he simply sunk into the chair and closed his eyes.
The Eye of Kings… That is the name of what has shaped me into a monster in front of all others. And I will have to bear this curse forever. Nihlen thought, raising his hand up to cover his eye underneath the hat. Yet even after hearing it could lead to my death, I do not hate this eye. It allowed me to protect myself and others. It is simply the price I must pay for that power. I now carry the mark of devastation, bearing the pain and fear of those who I rule.
Nihlen’s eyes popped open, and he took a deep breath. Every minute that passed, he began to calm. This eye was not only a bad thing. The Queen had confirmed that. It was also a source of power he could draw from. I have a feeling I’ll need all the power I can get before this is over.
“I will have the power you possess, Eye of Kings.” Nihlen suddenly said aloud. “It will not be on your terms, either. I will learn to use this power, and I will not just cut down those in front of me and feel nothing.”
Nihlen wasn’t sure why he had felt the need to say that out loud. Perhaps it was just to confirm for himself that he would not lose sight of himself because of this. I will not be swallowed!
Breathing deeply, Nihlen began to quiet the storm of his mind. His father had always taught him that things of great importance must be approached with a calm mind. If the mind is in chaos, so too will be anything it touches. I will make it through this, and save them all. I still have so much to learn from him…
A tear leaked from his closed eyes, and he quickly wiped it away.
He wished Marina had not left. Since they had fled, they had been together nearly the entire time. Without her there with him, for the first time, he felt truly alone. The weight of everything came bearing down on him, to the point it felt it might crush him. He looked out a nearby window, and rose from the chair to look out. He rested his palm against the cool glass, wondering where she was now within that massive throng of buildings and people.
Tired of standing, he moved to the bed, and embraced the quiet of the room. In that sense of quiet he waited, keeping himself detached, and his mind floating free. There was nothing but the silence around him, cradling him gently as he basked in the comfortable calmness he had attained with his free floating, now quieted mind.
After some span of time, he was not sure how long in his mind’s transient state, the door to the room opened, and a young woman poked her head through the door. “The Queen says she is ready. If you’ll please follow me.”
Nihlen rose from the bed, feeling the calm he had worked to establish already beginning to crack. He followed behind the young servant as she led him through the halls of the palace. All the hallways looked the same, as Nihlen looked around at his surroundings. There was nothing that identified where they were. At this point in time, Nihlen had no idea what part of the palace he was in, or how to even get out.
The young maid led Nihlen to a familiar room, however. At the end of the hall they stood in were the two large oak doors which led into the Queen’s chamber. “Her Majesty is waiting for you.” The woman said, bowing quickly before returning in the direction from which they had just come.
Steeling himself as well as he could, Nihlen headed for the doors, and pulled one open. The room seemed exactly the same as his first visit. Even the Queen was seated in the throne, just as before. The only difference was that the Queen held a great gold goblet in her hands, the scepter nowhere to be seen. She was gently churning the contents as she watched him from the throne.
“Are you ready?” Queen Raylia asked.
“I am.” Nihlen said.
The Queen held the goblet out to him. “On the day of your wedding, you drank something that had been left for you. What I have here is similar to that. However, you will find that it smells or tastes nowhere near as pleasant. The mixture you drank on that day contained both what I hold, and another mixture meant to allow you to see down the Path you will travel. The two, as it happens, mix well to create a sweet mixture. This by itself though will be quite different.”
Nihlen reached out, and took the goblet from the Queen’s hand. “The taste is the least of my concern right now.” Nihlen said, as he began drinking.
He mindlessly began gulping the substance down, trying his best to just not taste it at all. The second the liquid touched his mouth though, it felt as if it was on fire. Every swallow felt like he was drinking magma. As the last of the contents of the cup entered his mouth, he dropped the cup, stumbling around.
The terrible throbbing he had felt on a few previous occasions was now making a sudden appearance. It was far more vicious however. More excruciating than it had ever been thus far.
He screamed, his voice echoing countless times inside the massive room. His hand flew up to his eye, as he ripped the hat from his head, burying his face in his hands.
The eye was bleeding once again, and worse than ever. Nihlen held his hand over his face, in a futile attempt to stem the blood. His head began spinning from the pain, and he stumbled forward suddenly. Trying to catch himself, he took a few more steps, before he fell forward, slamming into the cold stone floor.
The pain continued to grow as he laid there, the cold of the stone floor a small joy amongst the inferno rising within him. The pain was becoming so immense, he was losing consciousness.
His breathing was beginning to slow, and drawing breath was difficult. He clutched at his chest, on fire even more for lack of oxygen. Sweet darkness… Take me now! Take me from the pain! Nihlen thought desperately, as his vision began to fade.
Salvation lies not in the darkness… A whisper echoed in his mind.
Slowly, Nihlen began to open his eyes. He was staring up into blackness. There was no light to be seen anywhere. The darkness was complete, and total. Have I died? Nihlen wondered. His mind was thick, and the thought seemed to move sluggishly.
Unconsciously, he reached up and placed his hand over his left eye. The pain was gone, and he could feel no signs of blood on his face. From his face, his hand moved to his chest. It was still on fire. I can’t breathe… It burns so much! What is happening to me!?
Into the total darkness he stared, left only with the burning pain in his chest. As hard as he tried, he could not breathe. He could find no relief from the burning in his chest.
It burns… A whisper echoed from the darkness. It burns… It burns… It burns… It burns… IT BURNS!
The last whisper seemed to explode in his head, slamming him to the ground, and Nihlen writhed in pain. He struggled in vain against the agony, wishing he could breathe so he could just so he could scream. As he struggled, the pain continued to grow. It grew to levels that seemed impossible. I should be dead… He thought desperately. I should be dead by now…
I should be dead instead of them. Another whisper echoed around him.
Nihlen’s head throbbed as soon as he heard the whisper. It throbbed, adding a drop more of pain into a raging sea. An instant, terrible, throbbing drop.
Can you see it? Can you see the pain of the dead? Can you feel it? The burning in your chest is the pain of all those who you are responsible for. The echoing whisper seemed to come from everywhere, and nowhere.
Nihlen stopped struggling against the pain. This is the pain of those who I am responsible for… It will not disappear, even in death.
Can you handle it? Can you pick up their burden, and shoulder their pain? You must swim through the sea of their pain, and see what is responsible for it. You must dive deep, with no breath. You must shoulder your own pain, and theirs, along the way in repayment.
Suddenly the darkness began to clear. A single dot of light, above his left side. The light slowly began to expand, until it had consumed the left side of his field of vision. Within an instant, images began flooding in front of Nihlen. Sights, smells, tastes, feelings, they all washed over him, an enormous amount in rapid succession. For the brief second each one filled Nihlen, he completely understood it. Scenes of total triumph, and scenes of utter devastation. When one person rose in victory, there was someone else who wallowed in utter defeat. The screams of people dying, and wars raging all at once were coupled with scenes of families smiling and laughing without a care in the world. Those same happy families also meeting annihilation, as the world continued to turn.
Those who lead bring both blessings and curses. Every decision made can lead to the complete ruin of countless lives. Bearing the Eye of Kings can lead to the greatest destruction of all. You must be willing, and able, to shoulder all the pain you may cause the world through your decisions. As your chest burns now, it will burn forever. Every person who you have been tasked to care for, you must carry their pain with you. To accept the hateful stares and words of those hurt by your actions You must accept that people will be hurt. You must accept that people will die. If you can carry that pain, and protect those you need to protect…
Only then can you breathe in the sea of their pain.
With a final bout of pain, Nihlen suddenly sat up, taking the deepest breath he had ever taken in his life. He held it in his chest as he sat, no longer enshrouded in darkness.
What was that? He wondered, breathing heavily. He reached up to his eye, and felt it. No sign of blood.
“Since you woke up, I think we can take it to mean you have fully integrated with the Eye of Kings.” The Queen said, bending down beside him. “You didn’t breathe for so long, I truly feared you were dead.”
Nihlen grabbed his chest again, remember the burning sensation he had been experiencing only moments before.
“I really need a drink…” Nihlen said, his voice very hoarse.
“I will have something taken up to your room at once. I think it is time for you to rest for now. I'll send word to your friends that things here are finished.” The Queen said, straightening up.
She walked quickly across the throne room, and pulled the massive oak door open by herself. In his daze, Nihlen was rather surprised to see the Queen open that door herself. In his current state though, all he could do was lie against the cold stone floor, grateful he had survived that ordeal.
His chest still burned, but it no longer seemed as severe. It will always burn, for those who are being hurt in Draven. I must accept their pain, and do what I can to fix it. Nihlen thought.
And with that final realization, consciousness faded away from him once more.





Chapter 10


Looking in All the Wrong Places


“When is he going to wake up!” Marina cried, as she paced around the room. She glanced over at Nihlen every few seconds as she made a nervous path this way and that.
“All we can do is wait. Walking around like that isn’t going to wake him up any faster.” Cal said shortly.
When the Queen’s messenger had finally found them at the inn Cal had chosen for them, it was already well into the night. None the less, Marina had dressed quickly, and headed straight for the castle, a very grumpy Cal in tow. Since then they had been waiting for Nihlen to wake up, and it had been a very long two day wait.
Marina continued to pace, unable to bring herself to sit still. Cal was lying back in his chair, his eyes closed. The day dragged on like that. Servants popped in and out, bringing them food or drinks. Even the Queen made a few appearances to see how he was doing.
It wasn’t until the sun had nearly set that Nihlen finally began to stir. As he began moving, Marina ran quickly across the room, kneeling down beside his bed. Nihlen… Please be all right! Marina silently pleaded.
Slowly, his eyes opened, and he looked over at her. “I’m alive.” He said thickly, closing his eyes once more.
“I’ve been worried sick!” Marina said, trying to sound serious. Her eyes were tearing up though, and she was smiling at him. “I was really starting to worry you’d never wake up. Thanks for taking your time about it!”
Nihlen chuckled softly, and then coughed a few times. “I could really use a drink, if you wouldn’t mind.”
Marina stood up, and walked over to one of the pitchers the servants had brought up just a little earlier. She poured some water into a glass, and walked back over to Nihlen. She put her other hand beneath his head, and helped him to sit up some. “all right, drink up.” She said, pouring the liquid slowly into his mouth.
When he was finished, Marina laid his head back down. “What… What happened exactly?” She asked timidly, unsure of if she should have.
“I couldn’t really explain it if I wanted to…” Nihlen said, closing his eyes. “It felt like I was gone for a very long time. I saw a lot of different things, and there was pain beyond imagination. But when it was finished, and I woke up, none of it had really happened…”
“I think I should go have the Queen alerted. I am sure she will wish to see him.” Cal said, suddenly rising from the chair.
Marina nodded, and brushed a lock of hair off of Nihlen’s face. I’m not sure exactly what you went through, but I can tell it was bad. Your eyes seem darker now, like they’ve seen things no one should…
A tear rolled off her cheek, and landed on Nihlen’s face. His right eye opened once more, he looked over at her. “There is no reason for you to cry, Marina. Everything is all right now.” Nihlen said, smiling weakly up at her.
“There’s no reason for you to keep that eye closed either.” Marina said, reaching down to wipe off the tear she had spilled on him.
Slowly, his left eye opened, and he stared up at her with both eyes. His eye was as chilling as any other time, but she allowed it to wash over her, to share in his suffering. I won’t let you walk this Path alone.
The door to the room suddenly opened, and Queen Raylia entered at a brisk pace, Cal shutting the door behind them.
“How are you feeling, Prince Nihlen?” Raylia asked, moving next to the bed where Marina was standing.
“I am starting to feel much better.” Nihlen said, looking over at her. “The fog is beginning to clear, and my body feels rested.”
“Good, I am glad you were able to successfully merge the Eye of Kings into yourself. Now it is time to discuss our next step.” Queen Raylia said, looking around at everyone. “I am afraid I must start with the bad news. I am sure you came here seeking my help as Queen of Leoradan. I am afraid I can offer you no help. Even though what is happening in Askrah is a tragedy, I cannot just declare war and assert myself in the situation. I can prod the other nations in the direction of aiding Draven, but there is no way I can justify making a decision of war by myself. Whatever kind of force Rinh has raised, they crushed Draven with no resistance. That is going to make the other nations very nervous to get involved until they know more.”
“So there is nothing you can do to help him?” Marina asked, starting to feel despair set in.
“As Queen, no. But as a family friend, I do have a suggestion. It is a long shot, and I cannot guarantee it even has a chance of working. But other than waiting for the politics of the world to work out what will be done about this problem, it is the only other option.” Queen Raylia said.
“I'm listening.” Nihlen said.
“The only force large enough to combat an entire nation that isn’t bound by the same constraints as I am is Elharlia.” The Queen said.
“Elharlia…” Nihlen said, thinking to when he had heard that. “The people who attacked Vel’s ship said they were from Elharlia…” Then he remembered from his studies.“You mean the lawless zone, Elharlia? The place removed from the maps, and swept under the rug by the civilized world?”
“The place removed from maps? Lawless zone?” Cal asked, puzzled.
“I think this will help me explain.” Queen Raylia said, as she began unrolling a bound up piece of paper. “This is a map of the world. This large island here is Askrah. To the east is a large landmass. This is the Tarlelian continent. Leoradan is located on this continent, here in the south. To the south of Askrah is another large landmass, known as the Helran continent. West of the Helran continent are two more large land masses, called the Crisclan and Sarisclan continents. Elharlia is also on the Tarlelian continent. However, it cannot be seen on this map.”
“It can’t be seen on the map? Why would that be?” Cal asked.
“Because it is the lawless zone. It is not a real nation, but instead was a massive penal colony. Nations with no room to jail criminals brought them to abandon them there. In the north here, where you see only ocean, the continent extends much further. The Alglican mountains, shown here on the northern coast, is the border of Elharlia. It is a massive mountain chain sprawling across the entire continent. It is nearly impossible to pass, and so it was quite easy to keep the criminals contained, and away from civilization. It does not exist on the maps because the world wishes to pretend it does not exist. Many frowned on the practice, and it was eventually abandoned altogether around two hundred and fifty years ago. Incidents involving them are kept closely guarded. Almost like Askrah is regarded these days, Elharlia is thought of almost as a fairy tale.” Nihlen said.
“I can assure you Elharlia is anything but a fairy tale.” The Queen said. “It is also not necessarily a lawless zone. At least not since it was abandoned all that time ago. While most of the population are indeed cutthroats and criminals, there is one person in the country you could call the King. His name is Karishian Delmoore, the most wanted man in the world.”
“You can’t be serious.” Nihlen said, placing his hands on the table and leaning forward. “If I may be so bold, I believe I can see your plan from here. You want us to travel north, up to where this map ends. There we will pass through to Elharlia. While in this nearly lawless land full of every type of criminal you can imagine, we are supposed to seek out the greatest criminal of them all, Karishian Delmoore. At that point, we are supposed to somehow convince the most wanted man in the world to aid us in the struggle against Rinh to save my homeland. Supposing I was somehow able to convince him, I would then have to ride into battle with him and his band of villains, wondering how far into the battle it would be before they stabbed me in the back.”
“In so many words… Yes, that is basically my suggestion.” The Queen said, sounding perfectly calm.
Marina looked down at the map, pondering the situation. It does sound rather crazy. She admitted to herself, staring down at the invisible land that did not show up on the map. A lawless land, led by the most wanted man in the world…
“What exactly did this Karishian Delmoore person do to become the most wanted man in the world?” Marina asked.
“He killed the entire royal family of the nation of Irazul, which is, or was rather, considered the most powerful nation of the continent of Crisclan. Twenty years ago, they were considered a great world power, rivaling both Draven and Leoradan. At this time, the man named Karishian Delmoore was unheard of. But one day he laid siege to the nation, completely isolating it from the outside world. Even to this day, no one is too sure of the details. Only that the battle raged for approximately a month, and when Karishian and his forces left the country, all of the royal family were dead. By the time this was discovered, he had fled with his forces to Elharlia. The danger presented by that nation is real, and even though the gravity of his crime was so great, he became untouchable. He has never been seen in the world since then, and rumors about what has become of him are countless. In truth, the world simply hangs in a balance, where Karishian hides in Elharlia, troubling the world no further. In exchange, the rest of the world keeps its secret about Elharlia, and avoids war with a crime of the past.”
“Which brings me back to my original point.” Nihlen said, looking toward the Queen. “Even if I convinced this man to help me, there is no way I could trust him.”
“Sometimes you have to work with people you don’t trust. If you fear he will stab you in the back, you just have to make sure it‘s guarded. If he plans to use you, just plan to use him back. Conventional methods will not work in this situation, and you must do what needs to be done. You are free to think about this decision to your heart's content. It is but one idea, and you are not obligated to accept it. Walk your own Path, Nihlen Draven. I have some business to attend to, and shall return shortly. Please think it over while you wait. If you wish, you are also more than welcome to accept sanctuary within my kingdom, and wait to see what the rest of the world decides.” The Queen said, rolling her map up before exiting the room.
Marina watched the Queen as she left, and then looked to Nihlen. “What do you think we should do next?”
Nihlen sat quietly, staring at the table where the map had been. Marina watched him hesitantly, unsure of what to do next.
“I think we should go to Elharlia.” Nihlen said, finally looking up from the table. “It seems unlikely anything will come of it, but I do not see any other options at this point in time. Waiting for the other nations of the world to come together to do something about it, even if they decided to, will take much too long. Our only option is to find a way to convince this Karishian Delmoore to aid us, though I can’t imagine what the price will be should he decide to…”
To Elharlia… To the land of those who attacked us on Vel's ship. Marina pondered. I wonder if Nihlen is going to be all right. Having no options left to you except to seek the help of the most wanted man, and one who killed another royal family to boot. What are you thinking right now, Nihlen?
“It is going to take quite a long time to reach this place.” Cal said, standing from his chair. “We are on the southern end of the continent, and we have to go all the way north. What will we do for supplies and transportation?”
“I am sure the Queen will see that we are taken care of.” Marina said, settling further into her chair. “Now that we have come to a decision, the Queen will be more than willing to give us anything we may need.”
From there, the conversation tapered off, and everyone waited quietly. After a while, Marina moved to stand at the window, staring out over the city. They were very high up, and it was difficult to see much. The picture at large though, the capital city sprawled out before her, was breath taking. She remained there at the window, watching the time slowly pass by, until the Queen finally re-entered the room, just as the sun was setting.
“Prince of Draven, have you come to a decision?” She asked.
“I have.” Nihlen said, standing from his seat. His back was straight, and he stood proudly. Marina couldn‘t help but notice the regal air he gave off as he looked at the Queen. “We shall seek the aid of Karishian Delmoore. From here we travel to Elharlia, to begin reclaiming my kingdom, and saving my family.”
The air in the room suddenly grew heavy with his declaration, carrying the weight of his fate and determination.





Chapter 11


Make Your Way, One Step at a Time


“So you will travel to Elharlia. I am glad to hear that.” The Queen said, moving to take a seat at the table. Once she was seated, she continued. “I am sure you all talked about the length of the journey facing you while you waited for my return. It is indeed a daunting distance to cover, and will take quite some time. However, I will outfit your party with horses and supplies to allow you to travel for some time. Make your way as far as possible with those supplies. Once those supplies are gone, there will be some gold as well, but there is something we must discuss involving traveling into towns first.”
The three of them looked at one another, curious as to what she meant. Careful about going into towns? Nihlen thought to himself. “Why would that be? I shouldn’t be recognizable on this continent, as long as I’m careful.”
“To most people, that is true. The common folk would not be so familiar with other royal families to recognize you easily. It is not the common folk you must worry about being discovered by though. Have you ever heard of Illian?” The Queen asked.
Nihlen shook his head. The name didn’t sound familiar at all, even with the education he had received.
“I am not surprised. The world is full of secrets, and this is just another one of them. Illian is a group who lives in the shadows. Throughout history they have shown up at all different times in all areas of the world. Their goal is but one thing, and that is power. They do not believe the world should be divided, but instead brought together and ruled under one person. Every generation of members gives everything they have to try and accomplish that goal.”
“What does that have to do with Nihlen though?” Marina asked.
“The Eye of Kings.” The Queen said, looking at Nihlen. “As I said, Illian seeks power. You have one of the greatest powers known to the world. If they hear of you, and that you possess that eye, they will hunt you mercilessly to attain it. Power leaves traces, even beyond what normal people can see. It is imperative you hide that eye, and only use its power in extreme circumstances. All it takes is one person remembering seeing an individual with a very strange eye, or someone to pick up on traces of its power, for Illian to be after you.”
“They’re coming already.” Nihlen said suddenly, turning toward the window. People have already seen it. People who don’t want me to stay alive… Nihlen thought, cursing his ignorance to such a group. “There are people who have seen this eye already, and they aren’t exactly friendly with me. If they know about this group as well, then it is safe to assume these Illian already knows of my existence, and are searching even as we speak.”
“It is best to assume they are searching for you then. You must be cautious, avoid towns and other travelers whenever possible. Should you need something you can't get in the wilderness, it would be best to send one of your friends instead.”
Nihlen nodded, though the thought of living in the wilderness for and unknown span of time wasn’t exactly a prospect he was jumping up and down about. We have to do what we have to do I suppose.
“I will begin making preparations at once for your journey to begin.” The Queen said, moving for the door. “This will be the last time we meet for quite some time I am sure, Nihlen. I will send Galen for you when the preparations are complete. May your Path be flat and safe, Nihlen Draven. I wish you all the best in your journey to come. I will do what I can on my end to bring the other world leaders together to help. I am sure this will be a topic discussed at length in the coming weeks. Hopefully, they will feel the sympathy for your land that I feel.”
With that, the Queen disappeared through the door, leaving the three once again to contemplate the coming ordeal.
With a weak smile at his companions, Nihlen took a seat at the table, unconsciously eating from a bowl of fruit. Cal had a chair leaning on two legs, his head lying against the wall and his eyes shut. Marina took the chair next to him, settling once again into the silence of waiting.
It had only been maybe an hour when the door to their room opened, and Galen stepped inside. He was no longer dressed in his regal court attire, but in a long dark green coat, simple black pants, and was carrying a large sack over his right shoulder. “The Queen has instructed me to accompany you all. I know this land well, and will ensure your safe passage to the other end of the continent.”
Nihlen stood, and bowed deeply. “Is that all right though? As the Queen's personal assistant, can you leave her to travel with us?”
“I am her assistant, but much more as well.” Galen said lightly. “Before I became the Queen’s envoy, I served in the military of Leoradan for many years. I assure you I am a capable guide, as well as fighter. Should any danger present itself, I will defend you as if you were the Queen. These are my orders, and I will follow them with all my knowledge and power.”
Nihlen bowed in thanks once again, before offering his hand to Galen. “I thank you wholeheartedly for your aid, and the aid of your kingdom. I will never forget the help I’ve received from this land.”
Galen shook Nihlen’s hand, and bowed in return. “We should make haste to begin our journey then. If you will follow me, I will lead you to the horses and provisions which have been prepared for us.”
Without a pause, the group exited the room, and wended their way through the castle, emerging from a different entrance than they had entered originally. There was a large clearing, a fenced in field of tall grass, and a large stable on the other side of the field. They quickly made their way over to the stable, stepping into the building.
Just inside the door were several large bags, packed neatly into bundles, and ready to be loaded. “The Queen has instructed me to have you each pick your own horse. Any and all you see here may be chosen. My own horse is also stabled here, and I am going to go prepare it. When you have chosen your steed, just let one of the stable hands know. They will ready the horse and pack the bags upon it. Then, we shall be on our way.”
As Galen headed off to take care of his own business, Nihlen and the others moved off to search for their own mounts. Nihlen ambled by the stalls, looking at all the various horses. There were all kinds of colors and sizes. One horse, pure white as snow, stuck its head over its stall door, and Nihlen patted its nose. He was no stranger to horses. He was an accomplished equestrian, with several horses of his own back at home. With a sudden spark of intuition, he called over his shoulder. “Marina, I believe this one is the one for you. I can feel her calling your name.”
Marina came over, stopping next to Nihlen. She rubbed the horse's muzzle, and it nuzzled her in return.
“She's beautiful. I'll take her.” Marina said, laughing as the horse pushed into her shoulder.
With a nod of satisfaction, and a wave at one of the stable hands, a young boy, Nihlen moved on to continue searching for his own mount. He passed by a strong looking brown mare, and a painted one, before he looked into the next stall.
Standing tall and proud was one of the most beautiful horses he had ever seen. Black as midnight, tall and powerful, it was truly the definition of a powerful horse. Instantly Nihlen was drawn to it. With a quick signal, another of the stable hands came over. This stable hand was a man, some ten years older than Nihlen. He was dirty from his work, dirt smeared on his face, hands, and clothes. He had a large smile on his face though. He clearly enjoyed his work.
“You are welcome to any horse in here, but I recommend you steer clear of that one.” The stable hand said in a friendly tone.
“Why is that?” Nihlen asked.
“He hasn’t been broken in yet. He was recently acquired by the palace, and we are still trying to train him. Despite our best efforts though, he’s quite wild and unpredictable. No one has been able to ride him yet.” The stable hand said.
Without another word, Nihlen opened the gate to the stall, and started inside. The stable hand reached out to him, and started to tell him to stop, but Nihlen ignored him. Cautiously he approached the horse, as he had done so many times with his own. The stable hand stared on, tense, ready to jump in and save him as he felt he inevitably would have to.
Nihlen stared at the black horse, and it at him. Slowly, but without hesitation, he reached out toward the horse. It rose up on two legs, shaking its head and huffing fiercely. “It’s all right.” Nihlen said gently, rubbing one hand on the side of the horse. Instantly it quieted down, and he began stroking it’s broad nose with his other hand.
“Well I’ll be.” The stable hand said, running one of his hands through his hair, unable to believe his eyes. “You must really have a way with horses.”
Nihlen wasn’t listening though. He just stroked the horse, feeling it’s powerful muscles beneath his hands. “I will ready him myself, if you will check on my friends.”
The stable hand nodded, heading off in the direction Nihlen assumed Cal was still searching for his own horse. Nihlen began the series of steps to saddle the horse, talking to the steed gently the whole time. When he was finished, he was still talking to the horse. “You’re a good boy, a fine steed indeed. I shall call you Palata.” Nihlen said, resting his own head against the horse's large nose.
A small giggle suddenly brought him back to the world around him, and he looked over to the stall’s gate. Marina was leaning up against it, her head resting on one of her hands as she watched him. He turned away, feeling slightly embarrassed. He wondered how long she had been listening to him talking to the horse.
“Do you have your own horses back home?” Marina asked, straightening up.
“Yes, many. I’ve spent a lot of time learning to ride, and how to care for them.” Nihlen said, patting the horse gently.
“I’ve always wanted to own a horse.” Marina said wistfully.
“Well then that wish has come true today. She belongs to you now.” Nihlen said.
“Everything is ready now.” Galen called from the door to the stables. Cal was standing next to him, the reigns of a beautiful painted mare in his hands. Galen’s horse was a brown stallion, with a long white spot down the exact center of its nose. “Before we leave though, there is one other piece of business.”
Galen moved toward the wall of the stable, to the right of the door. Sitting propped against the wall were three packages neatly wrapped in green cloth. One was extremely tall and slender, half again as tall as Nihlen. The second was nearly as tall as the first, but nearly as twice as broad crosswise as Marina. The third was the shortest, and quite thin as well. Galen picked up the larger item first, and Nihlen knew there was only one thing those packages could contain. “Cal, if you could come over here please, this is for you.”
Cal moved toward him, standing right in front of him. Galen pulled the simple cord holding the package closed. As the packaging fell away, Galen was holding a sword. It was of simple design, no ornaments, but extremely heavy looking. It must weigh nearly as much as Nihlen, and the strain of the weight was visible for Galen as he held it out toward Cal. “Are you familiar with using any weapons, Cal?” Galen asked.
Cal shook his head.
“This type of sword is specially forged for those with great strength. Though I am not personally proficient in its use, I am sure between Nihlen and myself we will be able to train you while we travel. Though it looks simple, I can assure you that is simply so it will not draw more attention to us than it already will. A rag tag band such as ourselves will stick out if our weapons seem too high class. It is made by the palace sword smiths though, and will serve you as powerfully as any blade you could ever ask for.
Cal pulled the sword from it’s sheathe, easily hefting it above his head with one hand. He stared silently at the blade, before lightly swinging a few times. Nihlen couldn’t help but be impressed he could swing a sword with such a high heft almost effortlessly. He feared for any enemy who would look down that blade once he was proficient in its use. Seemingly satisfied, he slung the sheathe across his back, and sheathed the sword within it. With his large stature and massive bulk, it definitely seemed like it was made for him.
Instead of reaching for the second package, Galen instead reached into his coat. “For Marina, I figured a light, agile weapon would do best. However, unsure of what weapons she may know how to use, if any, I decided it would be best to outfit her with an assortment of weapons, so she may always be able to surprise any enemies we may encounter.”
First, he pulled out a dagger. Like Cal’s blade, it was simple in design. A polished white bone handle set into a plain black scabbard. Lightly, and without a sound, he drew the blade, which was about the length of the middle finger to the wrist of his hand. He then sheathed the blade, and handed it to Marina. He reached inside his coat once more, and this time pulled out a long belt. All along the length of the belt were smaller blades, which could easily fit in the palm of his hand. “These small blades are throwing knives. With practice, you’ll be able to throw one or even more with great ease. Your weapons, Marina, are based on stealth. The dagger will serve you well in close quarter combat, but once you are proficient with their use, you will be able to bring your enemies down before they even know what has happened. There is also a space for your dagger on the belt.” Then he grabbed the slimmest and smallest package of the two remaining. With a quick pull of the wrapping surrounding it, it fell away. Inside was a staff. It was made of a dark colored wood, and looked quite sturdy and well made. “A light and flexible weapon, I am sure it will serve you well.”
He handed the belt, dagger, and staff to Marina. She removed one of the small throwing knives, looking at it. A strange look momentarily crossed her face, and she looked at Nihlen for just a brief moment. “Thank you Galen.” She said, bowing toward him before she began to string the belt around her waist.
Galen turned to the wall, grabbing the final package. From its size, and Nihlen’s experience with nearly every kind of weapon imaginable, he had an idea what was in the package.
Galen quickly untied the string, allowing the packaging to fall away. In his hand was a halberd. It was comprised of a solid iron staff, colored a deep blood red. Upon its top was a wickedly curved blade, half moon shaped. Galen tossed the halberd silently through the air, and Nihlen caught it. It felt like it was made for him. The weight was perfect, as was the balance.
“How did you know this was my weapon of choice?” Nihlen asked, still amazed at how well the weapon fit him. Even the countless weapons that had been forged for him back at the palace had never felt this right in his hands, and those weapons had been made specifically for him.
“My time in the military gave me a keen eye for outfitting my soldiers. I’m sure with your training, any weapon I would have brought would have been fine. If you’d been one of my soldiers, this is what I would have armed you with. Years of experience and intuition at work.” Galen said, tossing Nihlen the light, leather looped carrier he could strap over his back.
Nihlen slid the halberd into it’s holder, and bowed deeply to Galen. “Your gifts are greatly appreciated. I thank you, as well as the Queen.”
“I have one other gift for each of you.” Galen said, reaching in his coat once more. From inside he withdrew three small packages, tossing one to each of them in turn. Nihlen caught his package, and pulled the string to open it. Inside was a pair of gloves.
“These gloves.” Galen said, holding up this right fist. He was wearing a pair as well. “Are a new item recently developed for our military. They are called Ironweave Gloves. They are light and flexible, and feel almost as if they aren’t there. They are amazingly durable though. They are nearly impossible to cut with even the sharpest of weapons. Should you find yourself disarmed, these gloves in themselves can help you fend off your attacker. You can block your enemies weapons, even catching their blades. When clenched with your fist, the metallic alloys in the glove come together at the knuckles, adding great damage to your bare handed attacks. They are quite a miraculous tool of war.”
Nihlen pulled his gloves on. They were indeed surprisingly light, but he could feel their durability. “I cannot thank you enough for everything you and the Queen are doing for me, for us.” Nihlen said, bowing once more.
As everyone examined their new gifts, the last of their bags were loaded onto the horses. Once they were finished, everyone began mounting up. There was a great sense of apprehension, and Marina couldn't believe she was involved in this. About to traverse across an unknown land, to find the most wanted man in the world.
I'd never believe it if I wasn't here.





Chapter 12


On the Open Road


“It is considered bad luck to travel on the back of a horse without knowing the name of the steed.” Galen said to them, just as they had ridden out of the city. “Since these horses have now changed ownership, you are free to name them as you please.”
Cal was petting the side of his painted mare. He had a kind, and thoughtful look in his eyes as he stroked it. “I shall call her Adisa.”
Galen nodded approvingly. “And you, Marina?”
Marina looked down at the horse, and gently patted it. “What is it you wish to be called?” She whispered gently to the horse. For the briefest instant, she heard an echo within her mind. A name she was unfamiliar with. “Estaria.” She said suddenly.
Galen regarded her over his shoulder for a second, and Marina shirked back slightly. Did I say something foolish? She wondered.
Seconds later though, he began laughing. “I thought you said you were unfamiliar with horses?” Galen asked.
“I am…” Marina said, beginning to feel slightly confused.
Nihlen turned in his saddle to look at her, a large smile on his face as he regarded her. “There is a story among most riders that tells of the taming of the first horse. It was a great white mare, as beautiful as can be, just like yours. A girl, wandering in the plains of a land which no longer exists, came upon the horse, not knowing what it was. As she approached it, she was caught up in wonder at the sight of the creature. Standing beside it, she reached out to touch it. It was amazingly soft, and very gentle. Without a second thought, the girl swung upon the horse, mounting it bareback. As her head rested upon the horse's neck, she heard words within her head. The horse told her it would gladly bear her, take her anywhere she wanted to go, if she would only give her a name. The girl thought long and hard, trying to think of the best name possible for such a magnificent creature. Finally, she settled upon Estaria, which is said to mean ‘she who travels freely among the nighttime stars.’ The horse was overjoyed with her new name. She called out to her companions, creating a bond of trust and friendship with humans. In exchange for being allowed to ride them, the humans needed only to name them. This is the story told of how the relationship between people and horses first began, and why we now find them loyal to us.”
Marina stared down at her horse, suddenly feeling very close to it. “So it is bad luck to ride upon a horse whose name you do not know because it breaks the pact they made with us.” Marina said, more to herself than the others.
“Precisely.” Galen said, turning to Nihlen. “And what of your steed Nihlen? I was told before we left that horse was not tamed before you laid your hands on it. That is quite a story within itself.”
Nihlen bowed his head to the compliment. “I call him Palata. It is the name of the great black steed ridden by my ancestors of times long past. Always, the king rode upon a pure black horse, and always he called him Palata. It was believed Palata was the same horse, always reborn to serve the next king in an endless cycle of life.”
“What about yours, Galen?” Marina asked.
“Her name is Lemet.”
The city was now pretty far behind them. The sun was at its apex, and it was a perfectly bright and sunny day. Marina breathed deep the smells of the open field that now surrounded her. A light breeze carried the scents of hay and grass, flowers and trees. It was definitely a beautiful day to begin a journey. Marina looked ahead at Nihlen. He was slightly slumped in his saddle. Clearly he was lost in thought. It wasn’t hard to guess what kinds of thoughts he was lost in.
Can he see this beauty around us today? Marina wondered to herself. Can he see beauty in anything at all anymore?
As if in response to her thoughts, Nihlen suddenly turned back to look at her. “It’s an amazing day to begin a journey, isn’t it? Not a cloud at all in that sky.” Nihlen said, looking up toward the crisp blue above them. The light breeze ruffled his hair, and he ran his hand through it.
Marina smiled inwardly to herself. At least he hasn’t fallen into a pit of hopelessness. If anyone can do what needs to be done, I’m sure Nihlen can. He’s strong, courageous, powerful…
Suddenly, her face began to feel warm, and she looked away from him. To get her mind off of it, she looked over to Galen. “Do you have a route planned for the journey Galen?” She asked him.
“I have been thinking of one while we’ve been riding. We have quite a trip ahead of us indeed.” Galen said. “More or less, we will simply travel north whenever possible. The border of Elharlia is similar to Leoradan. It spans the entire length of the top of the continent, separated from the rest of the lands by the Alglican Mountains. Our trip will take us through Hylrak first, then along the border of Geol through Miken. From Miken we will travel up the middle of Galdea and Barakka. Along the northern borders of Galdea and Barakka lies the Alglican Mountains. I’ve never been beyond them personally, so after that we will have to figure it out ourselves.”
“How long will it take us to reach Hylrak?” Cal asked.
“Five days a normal pace, but I think it’s best for us to move as fast as possible. Hopefully we’ll reach Hylrak within three and a half days. We have enough supplies to last well into our journey. We will avoid all cities and towns until we reach Miken. I want to put a fair bit of distance between us and the capital, to better conceal ourselves from anyone who may be searching.” Galen said.
With destination in mind, and the wind at their backs, the party of four began to ride through the lush fields outside Leoradan. Marina took a deep breath, her lungs filling with the warm and sweet air around her. She reached down, and petted Estaria once more.
Here we are, out on the open road.





Chapter 13


The Real World


To set a good pace, they rode well into the night. With Galen’s seasoned hand and directions, they assembled a camp in no time, even with the surrounding twilight. Once the basic camp had been made, Galen set everyone about various tasks. For Nihlen, his task was to gather water from a nearby river.
The river was downhill from their current position, and Nihlen slid and stumbled down the sleek grass coating the hillside. Once he reached the bottom, he quickly jogged across a small open field, to where the river was churning by quietly in the darkness.
Nihlen slowly lowered one of the two pails he was carrying into the river. He knelt by the river’s edge as the pail slowly sunk into its unreadable depths while the water filled it. The water was nearly ice cold, sending a slightly painful sensation into Nihlen's hand as it delved below the surface with the bucket.
A faint sound in the grass surrounding him caught his ears. Probably an animal looking for a drink. Nihlen thought, looking around. He lifted the filled bucket from the water, and lowered the second one in. None the less, he continued to listen.
Another sound, closer this time.
Nihlen pulled the second pail out of the water, pretending not to have heard anything. He began to make his way back up toward camp. As he walked, his breathing changed slightly, and his senses spiked. The Eye of Kings was reacting, but Nihlen was ready for it, and he had kept his outward appearance the same.
One more sound was heard, whatever it was had moved further away.
Nihlen released the Eye of Kings. His control was improving greatly now that he had an understanding of what it really was.
I should tell the others. Nihlen thought.
Nihlen made his way up the hill quickly, and strode into camp. The others were sitting on rocks that naturally jutted from the land. They had opted not to make a fire so they could gauge whether they were being tracked or not. A decision Nihlen was very glad they had made now.
“Just now, I had an encounter near the river. We’re definitely being followed.” Nihlen said, taking a seat on one of the rocks nearby. “I released the Eye of Kings, and they fled before I even saw them, but there was definitely someone or something crawling in the high grass, and I feel like it was a person.”
“It’s not surprising given our current situation. We have enemies all around just as we are beginning our journey. It’s a problem we may face from now on, though I was really hoping we might disappear before anyone got onto us.” Galen said, nearly invisible in the shadows created from the rocky outcroppings surrounding them. “If they know they were discovered, they may back off for a while, but we must remain on high alert. I’ll stand watch for tonight, so rest. We will be rising early to get moving again.”
The others murmured their assent, moving to their beds. It was only as Nihlen fell into bed that he realized his exhaustion.
One day down…
It seemed like only minutes before Nihlen was being shaken, Galen’s gruff voice speaking in his ear to pull him from his slumber. Stretching out, and rubbing sleep from his eyes, Nihlen rose quickly. In the predawn darkness, it was quite cold, and Nihlen shivered as he rolled up his blankets. Talk was minimal as their makeshift camp was broken down and packed, and they were moving once again.
Though an experienced rider, Nihlen was far more than just sore from their horseback travel. A quick glance around the camp showed everyone but Galen was sharing his pain, and probably much worse in the case of Marina and Cal. Neither complained though as they swung onto their horses, and followed Galen out to ride once more.
“We made good progress yesterday. As long as we keep it up we’ll make it to Hylrak on schedule.” Galen said, by far the most awake of the group. His military career had accustomed him to this kind of life style though. “We’ll ride on until midday or so, then we’ll stop for a break. Considering last night’s events, I’d like to work with Cal and Marina so they are able to at least defend themselves should anything occur.”
“Me and Marina aren’t weak!” Cal yelled indignantly. “We’ll be able to protect ourselves if anything happens!”
“I never called you weak.” Galen stated simply. “The things we will face are much greater than street fights and back alley shake downs. Professional fighters, seasoned veterans, assassins, soldiers, anything is possible out here for us in the position we are in. We will all need to become stronger if we wish to survive what is to come, that much I can guarantee you.”
Cal merely looked away, leaving the conversation at that. Nihlen could tell he didn't like the idea of not being strong enough. He reached up and grabbed the handle of the sword that now rode on his back though, so it seemed to Nihlen that he wasn’t completely against the idea of training.
“Nihlen, I’d like you to fall to the back of our group, and watch behind us. I’ll ride the front, and watch ahead.” Galen said.
Nihlen nodded, stopping his horse. The others passed him by before he started forward again. Marina was riding in front of him, and he watched her for a short time. She was sitting straight up in the saddle, riding as comfortably as if she had been riding for years. She was strong not to show her muscle ache and fatigue from the previous day.
Nihlen smiled to himself before closing his eyes, and letting his senses go. He pulled on the Eye of Kings, so he could truly expand his senses. All around him he heard the sounds of what was hidden in the tall grasses surrounding them. Nothing seemed out of place though, which meant maybe his pursuers had given up. Or they were just observing from further back.
Only time would tell.
The ride remained uneventful until midday came, and Galen called a halt to their journey so they could rest and train. The horses were set out to graze, and everyone sat to eat a quick lunch. When they were finished, Galen gestured for them to follow him.
“Marina, I’m going to work with you first. Nihlen, please train with Cal.” Galen said, and he began to lead Marina a distance away from Nihlen and Cal.
“Let’s begin with some light sparring then, to allow you to get the feel of using the sword.” Nihlen said, drawing his halberd.
Cal nodded, drawing his massive sword. He sliced it through the air a few times, gauging its heft, before he faced Nihlen in a ready position. Nihlen calmly walked forward, and quickly struck out at Cal. Cal easily deflected the attack, stepping back. Nihlen threw a second, and a third, each the same as the first. Cal easily deflected them as well, and then stepped in with a counter attack. Nihlen sidestepped the blow, and the sword stuck into the ground. Nihlen waited as Cal pulled the blade out, and returned to a ready position. He took a defensive stance, and gestured for Cal to come at him.
Like Nihlen, Cal walked calmly forward, and quickly struck out at Nihlen. Nihlen deflected the blow easily, allowing it to roll off his halberd. In quick succession, Cal continued attacking. Nihlen nodded inwardly at his restraint. For all his gruff and complaints, he was actually quite great with training.
“You seem to grasp the use of the blade quite well. Lets move this up to an actual sparring match. Are you ready?”
Cal smiled, tightening his grip on his blade. “Lets do it.”
Nihlen lunged forward, swinging his halberd in a wide arc. It crashed into Cal’s sword. It had been Nihlen’s intention to disarm Cal, but with a grunt, Cal held through the attack, throwing the halberd back the way it came. Nihlen moved with the redirected attack, easily recovering. In he headed again, this time thrusting the halberd forward like a spear. Cal dodged, but this time he was on the defensive. On the fourth thrust, Nihlen stopped his attack, the blade hovering just above Cal’s side.
“Not bad at all for the first time with a weapon. Galen really does know how to outfit people for battle.” Nihlen said.
Cal looked to his sword, and then returned it to the ready stance. “I will take at least one match from you before we stop. Let’s continue.”
Nihlen laughed, and jumped into the fray once more.
They trained on for nearly two hours before Galen came to tell them it was time to ride once more. Cal never did get that win, but Nihlen was more than happy with his progress. Considering the amount of training Nihlen had over Cal, he was doing quite well indeed.
They quickly re-saddled the horses, and headed out once more. They resumed the same order they had been riding in, and Nihlen looked at Marina’s back as they rode. She was slumping in her saddle, and looked beat tired. He hadn’t had much of a chance to look at her training, because he had his hands full with Cal the whole time. He began to wonder what her training had been like.
I’ll ask her about it tonight, when we stop. Nihlen thought, but his attention suddenly snapped in a different direction.
It was back. Whatever he had sensed at the river was around them once again. Nihlen looked around, trying to pierce the waving grass of the open fields surrounding them with his senses, but it was to no avail. Without a word, Nihlen suddenly took off at full speed. He spurred Palata forward in the direction he sensed the presence as fast as he could gallop. He looked over his shoulder as he thundered forward, and saw the others a little ways behind, trying to catch up.
Over there, just behind that little hill. Nihlen thought, looking forward once more. As Palata neared the hill, he soared off the still galloping horse, over the hill, and landed on the other side. Whatever it was, it hadn’t fled this time. With an arm like a viper strike, Nihlen shot into the surrounding grass. From it, he pulled the body of a woman.
Holding her up by her arm, Nihlen hauled her to her feet. She looked to be in her thirties, with long, cascading auburn hair covering a blood red silk dress that struck Nihlen as out of place both for how she was hiding herself, and even for being outdoors at all. Her face was elegant, her eyes light blue. Oddly, Nihlen felt no ill intent from her at all, which only compounded the strangeness of this development.
“Who are you?” Nihlen asked, keeping a firm grip on her arm none the less.
“You’re quite good. I thought the night by the river when you sensed me may have been a fluke, but it seems that’s not the case. You may call me Siren.” The woman said, her voice light and very sweet.
“Why are you following us?” Galen asked, as the three dismounted and walked over.
“Why? To spy on you of course.” Siren said bluntly. Clearly she felt no concern for her current situation.
“Spy on us for who?” Nihlen asked.
“That’s a secret I can’t tell you yet.” Siren said, shrugging.
“What should we do with her?” Nihlen asked.
“There’s nothing you can do with me I’m afraid.” Siren said lightly, as if she were in complete control. “Our meeting this time has been quite short, but my job is done for now, and it’s time for me to go. We’ll meet again in the future, Prince of Draven.”
She gave a quick wave, and began to turn away. Beneath his hand, Nihlen saw what seemed to be her skin rippling. When he looked up again, the image of Siren’s face was slowly disappearing, and being replaced by something quite grotesque.
Marina suddenly screamed, and Nihlen almost did the same. He was now holding the arm of a dead body. A dead, decomposed body, standing there of it’s own will. Hollow eye sockets stared up at him from where Siren's deep blue eyes had been just moments before.
Nihlen released the arm, and jumped back from the decomposing body.
Nihlen glanced at his companions. Galen was staring ahead, looking composed, but his eyes were wide. Clearly he didn’t understand the situation before them. Cal was turned toward Marina, not even looking at the body. Marina was shaking in fear, tears rolling down her cheeks. At this sight, Nihlen reacted.
He lunged forward, drawing his halberd. In one clean motion, he severed the body’s head where it stood. The head slipped into the tall grass surrounding them, as did the body, with small spasms on the way down.
“What was that!?” Marina choked, tears still streaming down her face. “That body was dead… But it was moving!”
“That was Illian.” Nihlen said, without a trace of doubt. He wasn't sure how he knew, but he did. “Siren...” Nihlen trailed off. The event was very disturbing.
Marina was sobbing hysterically, and Cal was trying his best to comfort her. Nihlen caught Galen's eye, and there was fear inside. He was sure Galen saw the same in his own as well. Nihlen's stomach was doing back flips. A strange eye, and moving corpses. This just keeps getting better...
“For now they are gone, and we need to take advantage of this chance. If we can escape now, before they can get back here and find our trail, we will hopefully be able to lose them and finally disappear. I doubt we'll be able to make sense of this no matter how long we stand here.” Galen said.
“How though? Even if we got rid of them for now, they still know our current location. They may be sending out someone now to intercept us, or another body like that one to continue following us.” Cal interjected, holding a frightened Marina to his chest. Nihlen was slightly angry he felt a twinge of jealousy, even after such an unbelievable event.
“We’ll have to deal with those things if they happen. With the four of us, I think it’s best to avoid conflict whenever possible. Four people against an organization like Illian, we just don’t stand a chance. Galen is right, we need to take this chance and try to disappear. I think we should alter our course, and head west across Leoradan. They’ll probably assume Hylrak is our destination based on our current movements. Our best chance to lose them is to disappear from here and establish a new route.” Nihlen said.
Everyone nodded, and Galen turned his horse. “To the west it is. I want to cover our tracks from here, to increase our chances of losing any pursuers that may try to track us from here. You guys ride on for now. Just head west whenever you can, and I’m sure I’ll be able to find you. You probably won’t see me again until nightfall, so stay sharp.”
The others waved farewell to Galen, and set off on their trek. They rode for a while in silence, only the waving grass and warm breeze surrounding them speaking. After a while, Marina rode up next to Nihlen.
“That woman… What was that exactly? What are all these special powers about anyways? How is any of this possible? I’ve never heard of anything like this, and yet suddenly it’s so prevalent?” Marina asked, her voice hesitant.
“I do not know… I didn’t know of the existence of any kind of powers until all of this started happening. It’s something I definitely want to know a lot more about though. I am positive these powers must have something to do with why Draven fell so easily to Rinh.” Nihlen responded.
“I wonder how we would go about finding out?” Marina pondered aloud. “Clearly it’s a phenomenon hidden from most people. I wish we had asked the Queen more about it before we left.”
“As do I. I do not see how we will learn anything in our current situation though, so all we can do is keep our eyes open for anything that may help us. Next time we encounter someone with an ability, we should try our best to capture them. At least it’s somewhere to start.” Nihlen said.
“I'll try... But... But...” She suddenly stammered, and tears welled up in her eyes. As the tears leaked down her face, she began wiping them away, sobbing slightly.
“Nihlen, what are you doing to Marina?” Cal suddenly roared, riding up toward them.
“I’m not doing anything to her Cal! Marina, what’s wrong?” Nihlen responded, the latter half much gentler than the former.
“I don’t think I can help you catch someone with an ability… I’m so sorry! I froze up when that happened! I don’t have the power to face someone with some strange ability! What if they are as strong as you? I couldn’t do anything!” Marina sobbed loudly.
“Marina…” Nihlen said, reaching out toward her. This girl… She’s worried because she doesn’t have the power to help me defeat someone with an ability? “There is no reason to cry. We fight together. Working as a whole is far more important than any one person’s strength. For as long as we travel together, I will make sure no harm comes to you, no matter what kinds of abilities or anything else we may face.”
“Nihlen…” Marina began, wiping away the last of her tears.
“The last thing I ever want is to see you get hurt. Things are getting more dangerous at every turn. Out here, it’s real. The world is real, vastly different from the one any of us used to know. If what this is becoming feels like it’s too much to bear, I don’t want you to suffer because you think you have to. I will do everything I can to keep you safe, but if you wish to leave at any point, I will definitely understand.” Nihlen said.
“I do not wish to leave… I’m really sorry. It’s just such a fearsome and overwhelming realization that these strange powers are real. Your Eye of Kings was one thing, but seeing the enemy with it really brought home how much we don’t know about the world we're about to face.” Marina said, the last trace of weakness in her voice gone.
“From what I’ve seen, the real world is an amazing and frightening place.” Nihlen said.





Chapter 14


Change of Direction


The group rode on through the day, stopping as the sun had nearly set. Nihlen was exhausted, and his emotions were running high after the day's events. He just hadn’t been able to shake the feeling he had gained since their encounter with Siren. Cal and Marina were doing worse if possible, and Nihlen felt a twinge of fear at what else they were sure to encounter.
Not long after they had settled into their makeshift camp, Galen wandered in, looking far more exhausted than even they felt. None the less, it was clear with a glance that Marina couldn’t contain herself, and needed to talk about the issue further.
“Galen, what do you know about special powers or Illian?” Marina asked. The camp grew quiet in response.
“Not much more than you’ve already been told I’m afraid. Illian is a highly secretive group, and any evidence proving they truly exist is limited, let alone anything about them. As for special powers in general, it is a topic I’m highly interested in. I have seen nothing of this so far, except Siren and the corpse. I haven't even seen the Eye of Kings Nihlen possesses. So in that regard, I’m even further behind than the rest of you. I’m afraid I have no help to offer in this.”
“I see…” Marina said, disappointed. “What do we do about it?” She wondered aloud.
“There is no choice but to find what we need to know.” Nihlen stated. “While we rode today, I’ve been thinking. After seeing enemies use their abilities against us, we must know more about abilities in general. I’m not sure what kind of limit there is or toll taken for using the Eye of Kings. It’s going to be hard to fight against people with abilities if we don’t understand them at all. As such, we need to head in a different direction. Conflict is inevitable for us at this point. While we travel northward, we aren’t going to avoid towns and cities. Those are the only places we are going to have any hope of finding any information.”
“A sound statement, but cities are also the place we are most likely to be found by prying eyes.” Galen said.
“That is why we are taking this chance to escape and hide ourselves for a while. We should take some to train before we are discovered again. If conflict is unavoidable, we must strengthen ourselves so we can do what we need to do, and right now that is to head for Elharlia and search for information on abilities.” Nihlen said.
“I believe we should set our current destination for Cascadia then.” Galen said.
“Cascadia?” Marina asked.
“Cascadia is the capital of Miken, and probably the second largest city on the Tarlelian continent. It is seen as the midway point of all this land's nations, and so it is a popular gathering place as well as trading city. I believe our chances of finding any information would be highest there, because the city also possesses a strange power.” Galen said.
“A strange power?” Nihlen asked.
“I always believed it to be some kind of natural phenomenon, but after today I am no longer sure. Cascadia is built into a large mountain. There are two rivers which flow on the mountain. One goes down the mountain, known as Natu, and one goes up the mountain, known as Gai'shir.”
“A river that goes uphill? That doesn’t make any sense.” Nihlen said.
“As I said, it is a strange phenomenon. At the top of the mountain is also a large lake called Lake Berot. The river which travels uphill feeds into the lake, and the river that flows downhill starts at that lake. These routes are the only routes used to enter or leave Cascadia, and primary travel routes across the rest of the continent. It is a sight to behold indeed.”
“That does sound like some kind of strange power instead of a natural phenomenon.” Marina said.
“I agree, to reshape the natural flow of water, that is a remarkable power. We shall head for Cascadia on our way to Elharlia.” Nihlen said.
“I also agree that we should spend more time training. Tomorrow, in addition to the midday stop, we will make camp while there is still daylight left. We’ll reach Dalren the day after tomorrow, and then we can start heading toward Cascadia.” Galen said.
“Everyone should get some sleep for now. We’ll have plenty of time to talk tomorrow.” Nihlen said.
With that, everyone headed off to sleep.
The next day, as they were riding, Nihlen was feeling pretty good. His senses, even when releasing the Eye of Kings, hadn’t picked up anything strange. It seemed they had finally disappeared, and after a slight hiccup in their plans, they were finally on their way once again.
Training was proceeding quite good as well. The midday session had yielded Cal a win. It was only one, and Nihlen wasn’t completely serious, but he was progressing well none the less. Nihlen still hadn’t worked with Marina though. Every time they began training, Galen always took Marina without word. It caused Nihlen to worry about her, but he trusted Galen to handle it. Cal was suited quite well to train with Nihlen in any event, so perhaps it was best it stayed that way for now.
The day passed with little event, and well before evening, Galen called them to a halt. They quickly constructed their camp, and grouped around.
“Let’s switch this time Nihlen. I’ll work with Cal, and you work with Marina.” Galen said. “Take my dagger as well. We've been working with the throwing knives since we started, so train her in dagger use.”
“Certainly.” Nihlen said, grabbing the dagger from Galen’s hand. “Let’s go over here Marina.”
Nihlen and Marina walked off from the camp. When Nihlen felt comfortable with the spot around them, just the waving grass of the fields of Leoradan, flat, smooth, and with no obstacles, he stopped. “Here will be fine.”
Marina drew her dagger from its sheathe, and Nihlen did the same. “Lets just start off slowly for now, and we’ll change pace accordingly.” Nihlen said, taking a ready stance. Marina copied him.
Nihlen began walking toward her. When he was in range, he struck out. Not very fast, but at a more moderate speed. Marina’s hand jerked toward the knife in Nihlen’s hand, clanging her dagger into his very hard.
She’s afraid of being cut… Nihlen thought, holding his dagger steady. The blow she struck him with could have been deadly if he hadn’t been prepared. This may be a little harder than I thought. Overcoming the fear of being cut can be very hard. Some people never can at all.
“It’s all right, I promise I won’t cut you. We are just going through the paces right now, all right?” Nihlen said gently.
“I’m not afraid of being cut…” Marina began, rather awkwardly. “I’m more afraid of accidentally cutting you, since I don’t know what I’m doing with this thing really…”
“You won’t cut me, not with the skill level you possess right now anyways. You’d be much more dangerous bare handed. Your hands won't work very well against weapons though, even with the gloves Galen gave us. So it is important you have another means to defend yourself.” Nihlen said.
“Are you sure? It seems so dangerous to train with the real thing…” Marina said.
“It is very dangerous, and that is why we must be extra cautious. Normally training wouldn’t be done in this fashion, but we have little choice since we are training out here on the run. Galen and I are experienced. We will make sure to keep the sparring sessions safe. And besides, even if you did cut me, I wouldn’t get angry or anything. It’s just training right?” Nihlen said, smiling warmly at her.
With that, Marina seemed to brighten up, and the training continued. She worked hard, Nihlen couldn’t have asked for more. But as the session progressed, her reactions were still too powerful, regardless of what type of attack came her way. For someone who was quite adept at fighting hand to hand, she was definitely a complete beginner in weapon use. Perhaps there is a deeper issue here… Maybe she really is afraid of getting cut, and just doesn’t want to admit it. Maybe it’s something else entirely… As she is right now, I can’t let her fight armed opponents. Until she overcomes this, she can’t fight with us. Unless...
“Perhaps we should stow the dagger away for now, and work with the staff. Would that make you feel better?” Nihlen asked.
Marina nodded, immediately sheathing the dagger. She quickly ran back, and grabbed her staff. Within moments she was back, and the two were facing each other with weapons drawn.
Things were much smoother after that. Marina was light and agile, and she handled the staff well. Her movements were no longer jerking, but compact, quick, and powerful. Nihlen was highly impressed with her skill, and she had landed quite a few hits. Nihlen was nursing a sore body as they called the session to a close.
Shortly after they returned to camp, and gathered around the campfire Galen had built. Marina and Cal were talking, and Galen was cooking over the fire. Nihlen watched Marina as she talked, not really hearing what she said. She shouldn’t have to learn to fight in the first place. She’s already been through enough. She wants to be stronger though, and I’ll help her. I’ll protect her until she is strong enough. Hopefully battle will be avoided for now anyways.
Still, there was a twinge of guilt he was allowing any of it to happen.
When Galen had finished cooking, Nihlen took his bowl, excused himself, and walked away from the camp. Nearby, there was a single tree growing in the field. It was very large, its leaves making a humongous canopy. Nihlen sat against the trunk, eating a spoonful of the stew. This is the first hot meal we’ve had since we left the castle too… We didn’t dare light a fire while we were being pursued. It really feels so much more filling.
Nihlen was happy to simply sit and eat in silence. He was exhausted from the recent travel and training. If this is going to be my life style for the next while, I sure hope it gets a little easier…
These quiet times seemed to always lead him to thinking about his family. When he was traveling or training with the others, he didn’t really think about the actual adventure he was facing, but just those days of traveling. In these quiet times though, he would begin wondering what his family was doing at that very moment… If they were still alive. Most of all… What’s waiting for me there? What kind of fearsome ability was used to lay siege to Draven so easily? The thoughts of possibilities, of things he still didn’t know was nearly maddening. Guilt soon accompanied, guilt that he was free, living in the outside world. Even more guilt that he was enjoying it at times. More guilt still, because in many ways he had wished for this.
I wanted a way to diverge my Path, and its course has indeed changed. At the cost of all those around me, my wish was granted. That I should find enjoyment in it even…
“It’s very unhealthy to brood like that.” A voice suddenly interrupted the quiet night. Galen strode into the twilight canopy from behind where Nihlen was sitting. “Those who worry all the time succumb to an early grave.”
“I’m not brooding.” Nihlen stated flatly. “Just thinking is all.”
“You can’t lie to me, I can see it plain as day looking at you.” Galen said, moving around to Nihlen’s side of the tree.
Nihlen didn’t respond. He rested his head on his knees, not sure what to say to Galen.
“I’ve seen this a lot before, in the soldiers under my care while I was serving in Leoradan's military. I’ve experienced it myself as well. It’s not the battle itself that drives people mad. It’s the quiet time, when there’s nothing to do but think. Thinking about your problems can spiral out of control. In those times, turn to your companions. Keeping it to yourself will only limit what you are capable of. Even the greatest leader needs someone they can turn to. If they don’t, their burdens will eventually crush them.” Galen said.
“My burdens may crush everyone else as well… Besides, they are already familiar with my problem. Telling them every time I worry about it will serve no purpose.” Nihlen said.
“That is untrue, young Prince.” Galen said easily. “People respect a powerful leader. But they love and respect a leader who they can also see is human. Your comrades care about your well being, myself included. Do not ever think it is a trivial matter to tell them your worries or fears.”
“I will keep your words in mind, Galen. In the mean time, tell me more about your military career. I would venture to guess your career was a well respected one. You give off the air of a powerful military leader.” Nihlen said.
“Your eye is keen. I enlisted when I was fifteen years old. My family was rather poor, and I was another mouth to feed. So I enlisted to take the burden off my family. I was quite gifted at both combat and strategy. I was quickly singled out by my superiors and placed into advanced training. During my career, I led groups on many types of missions. We’d remove bandits plaguing towns and cities, weather relief from harsh winter storms, settle land disputes on royal authority. There were some battles at this time as well, but as you know it’s been a long time since the world has tasted real war. Things stayed this way, campaign after campaign. As I came back from missions successfully, my rank would continue to rise. For about twelve years this continued. At that point, I was pretty high in the command chain. Life hadn’t changed much though. I still led missions, the same as always. I was never one for doing the behind the desk work. In that twelfth year, a seat on the War Council became available. The War Council is the highest body of power within the military, directly subservient to the Queen. My name was one suggested for filling the seat, and in the end I was selected. Only a few months in that position though, a request came in. It was from the Queen herself, asking to speak with me. Astounded, I took the message, and headed off to the throne room at once. Once there, the Queen offered me the position to be her envoy and personal military adviser. My military career ended then, and I have been in the Queen's personal service ever since.” Galen said.
“You must have been very honored to be asked for personally by the Queen.” Nihlen said.
“I was very honored, but to tell you the truth… I wasn’t that happy about it.” Galen said. “When the Queen asks something of you, it is not really a request, but something you must do. Even after all the work I did building my career, it was ended in a moment. At the time it was a blow that put me in shock. Shock changed to anger later that day, as I thought of everything I had accomplished. The only way to leave the armed forces at that point was to retire. That was truly the end of my career.”
“So you hated to be taken into royal service? You didn't see it as a promotion?” Nihlen asked.
“I loathed the Queen inside for doing it to me. I believed my new job would be exactly what I had wanted to avoid, a behind the scenes desk job, only telling others what to do from a safe distance. Once I got into my new position though, I was no longer upset. I found I liked this new job a lot, and serving the Queen is a great honor.”
“Why the sudden change? Didn’t you want to avoid the job behind the desk?” Nihlen asked.
“I thought I did. But once I settled in, I learned there was plenty of joy to be had in my new position. I train the Queen’s personal guard as one of my duties, and those who I work with are like family now. I find great joy in watching their growth each day. The duties I perform as the Queen’s envoy are also important to Leoradan. Once I adjusted to the change, I found there was much for me to like, and no reason for me to cling angrily to what I had before.” Galen said.
“I’m glad you’re with us Galen. It helps to have a seasoned hand along the way.” Nihlen said. I can definitely learn many lessons from you. Nihlen thought, reflecting briefly on his own situation and Galen's words.
“I’m at your command for this expedition, Lord Nihlen. If you need anything, you need only ask.” Galen said. “It’s getting late. We should get back to camp and get to sleep. We’ll reach Dalren tomorrow, which is the first real step on our journey north. We'll no longer be in the relative safety of Leoradan.”
Together, the two headed back to camp. When they arrived, Cal and Marina were already asleep, the fire put out. They must be exhausted too, training on top of all this traveling. Nihlen thought. His eyes trailed over to Marina, resting on her sleeping form for a few moments. Then Nihlen crawled into his own blankets, settling down into a deep sleep. For everything that had happened, the sudden changes in their plan, and heading in a new direction, Nihlen was thankful for it.
Thankful for a new direction.





Chapter 15


Encounter


The next morning, Marina awoke exhausted. It had taken Cal a full ten minutes of shaking to get her to finally rouse. Her body was amazingly sore, between the travel and the training. She hurt in places she didn't know could hurt. She felt like she had died that night, sleeping dreamless through the dark twilight.
She wanted to stay that way just a little longer…
With Cal’s relentless efforts though, she was rolling out of her blankets, and helping break down their camp. They were all rather experienced in the procedure now, and in no time they were on the road once more.
As the sun began spilling over on the grassy plain, Marina began to feel more energized. She breathed in the crisp morning air, smelling the sweet smell of the grass surrounding them.
“We are almost out of Leoradan now.” Galen suddenly said. “Just on the other side of the border of Dalren, near where we’ll be crossing the border, there is a village called Elome. We will skirt the village, and continue on. It’s possible those who were tracking us previously have placed people along the border to search for us. We won’t reach the border until midday, but everyone on your guard none the less.” Galen said.
“Keep an eye open for corpses as well.” Marina said darkly, shivering.
The day wore on silently, and they rode in peace through the land. As midday approached, a small town came into sight in the distance. Something seemed wrong though. Tufts of black smoke were rising from the village. More than would be normal for simple cooking fires.
“Something is wrong.” Marina said. Estaria began dancing nervously beneath her, only increasing her feeling of unease.
“You’re right Marina.” Galen said. “That village is definitely on fire.”
Marina looked over at Nihlen. He was staring at the village, the reigns of Palata gripped firmly in his hands.
“Change of plans.” Nihlen suddenly said. “Lets go see what’s wrong. They may need assistance putting the fires out.”
Nihlen spurred Palata forward, and the group picked up their pace, galloping toward the village. Every second they came closer to the village, the devastation it was suffering became easier to see. Nearly all of the buildings were smoldering piles of ash. She couldn’t see one building that still remained which wasn’t on fire and destroyed to some degree. If not outright destroyed.
At full gallop, it only took minutes to reach the village. The group burst into the chaos at full speed, and into the true devastation which the village of Elome had suffered. Everywhere Marina looked, there were dead bodies. Men, women, children, it mattered not. No matter where she looked, no one stirred. The destruction and death was absolute.
Marina suddenly turned sideways, emptying the contents of her stomach. Her head felt woozy, and she was on the brink of passing out.
A hand on her shoulder pulled her back though. She looked up to see Nihlen in front of her, his eyes dull and sullen. He didn’t speak, but that was all right. There was nothing he could really say to her right now. She nodded at him, and straightened up. She made it a point not to look around any further though.
“What happened here?” Cal asked.
“It looks like a bandit raid, but to have killed everyone…” Galen said. He was definitely the most experienced with this kind of thing. Anger was clear in his voice. “This seems highly unusual. This feels like far more than a simple raid.”
“You’re as sharp as they say, Galen Inglid.” A voice said. Marina turned her head to the source of the voice, wishing she didn't see everything in between. Standing nearby, next to a now burnt pile of ash, in a completely relaxed manner, was a man. He was tall, with short honey colored hair. He was quite handsome Marina had to admit, and well built. His eyes were alive, but alive with a dark quality. He seemed happy, and the smile on his face, especially considering the surrounding situation, was quite sadistic.
“Are you responsible for this?” Nihlen asked, his tone much more even than Marina had expected. She knew he was only masking his rage though. His hands still gripped Palata’s reigns in fury.
“Indirectly.” The man said nonchalantly, shrugging. “I didn’t actually kill these people, but I may have ‘prodded’ the bandits into doing it.” His smile became even more menacing with the ending.
“Why?” Nihlen asked, simply leaving the question hanging.
“It was a means to an end.” The man said simply. “People like you are so easy to predict. Put a nearby village in danger, and suddenly you throw your own objectives aside to help weaklings.”
No! These people all died just because…
“It was so easy though.” The man continued. “We rode in, setting fires to the buildings. When all these little ants-” He gestured at the bodies around them. “Scurried out of their holes, it was a complete bloodbath. They didn’t even try to fight back.” The man finished, breaking out into hysterical laughter.
“So you have us here, now what will you do?” Nihlen asked, his voice taking on a very dark tone.
He’s activated the eye… Marina thought, shivering from its cold presence.
“What now?” The man asked, as if it were an understandable question. “I’ll eliminate your comrades and take you back to Illian of course.”
“Do not forget you are outnumbered four to one.” Galen said, finally interjecting into the situation. “Even if you are powerful, you will not find us easy prey.”
“Fighting you all by myself would certainly be a rush…” The man said, having a slight fit of hysterical laughter. “But I must prioritize the mission unfortunately. It’s a shame to cut down such a promising group of fighters this way. I would have loved to taste personal combat with all of you.” The man finished with an eerie grin. It was clear this man was crazy, but he radiated danger just as much.
What’s with this guy? Marina thought, slightly in shock from all these sudden events. He’s completely insane! And what’s he doing now!?
The man was reaching inside of his coat. From within he pulled out a strange, solid black cube. Without a word, the man tossed the cube forward onto the ground. As it landed, time seemed to stop for Marina. An invisible force, almost like a wall, slammed into her.
Then the world went black.
***
“What did you do to them!?” Nihlen roared. His comrades had suddenly passed out, slumped on the back of their horses. Cal had swaggered sideways, and fallen from his mount.
“That cube there is a suppressant device, I don’t care to remember the technical name. What it does though is amazing. It renders people with dormant powers unconscious. This one doesn’t have a large radius, but they are very effective for situations like these. Now you and I can spend some time together.” The man said, taking a step toward Nihlen, his arms spread wide.
“Who are you? Why is Illian doing all this just because of me?” Nihlen asked, trying to keep a grip on his calmness. He could see Marina slouched down in the corner of his eye though, which made it quite difficult, even in the detached state of using the Eye of Kings.
“I am Hetal, of Illian. And we do this because you have a power.” Hetal said. “Speaking of, let me see it. We’re going to fight, so no harm in unveiling it now, yeah?”
Nihlen reached up, sliding the hat on his head out of his face, exposing the Eye of Kings. With the exposure, more power flowed out, like a river no longer restrained by a dam.
Hetal inhaled sharply. “The force it emits is as potent as the records indicate. That is truly fascinating. Nihlen, I believe your name was. We’re going to have a lot of fun I think.”
“We’ll see if you think it’s fun after we’re through.” Nihlen said, rushing forward. He’d had enough of it.
He closed in on Hetal, unleashing a flurry of punches. Hetal weaved around them. Nihlen dug into the Eye of Kings' power, increasing his speed and power. Ten hits. Twenty hits. Hetal dodged them all. Still Nihlen kept attacking furiously. White hot anger had finally tipped his internal scales, and he was fully enraged now.
A few more attacks, and then a dull thud to Nihlen’s right cheek. The hit was light though, barely stinging, and Nihlen continued attacking through it. A few more attacks from Nihlen, and he received another light blow to the chest.
Why can’t I hit him?! Nihlen wailed internally. His fury was partly to blame, but he could not quell it. There’s more though…
On he attacked, suffering those occasional light blows from Hetal. Nihlen was beginning to sweat. He stepped forward to kick at Hetal. Just as he lifted his right foot off the ground though, his left knee buckled. With a grunt, Nihlen lost his footing, pitching forward. As he went down, a fierce blow suddenly connected with the side of his head, sending him rolling sideways.
“Well this is a shame. I thought this was going to be fun. I even volunteered for this assignment and came all the way out here...” Hetal said, staring down at Nihlen. “Your ability is no match for mine at your current level though.”
Nihlen was writhing on the ground. Unlike all the other hits before, that kick had been quite powerful. His ability? Nihlen forced himself to think through the fog that was beginning to surround his mind. What is his power? He hasn’t done anything yet! A sudden jolt of pain in his head sent a wave of nausea over him, breaking his thoughts.
“Well, what should we do now, Prince of Draven?” Hetal called. “Is this really all the fun you can offer me?” Hetal suddenly broke out into another spell of maniacal laughter, and started walking toward Nihlen.
Wait… Nihlen thought, forcing himself to start standing. He is using his ability. He never once blocked me, only dodged… Those hits, they were light, but I'm highly damaged. Think back, what did they feel like?
As he remembered the hits, Hetal's power occurred to him.
“Truly fearsome.” Nihlen breathed hoarsely as he gained his feet. Hetal stopped moving forward. “Your power truly is suited for nothing more than combat. An amazing self defense technique, that also has great offensive power.”
“You’ve figured out my power?” Hetal asked, breaking into laughter once more. “Knowing it, even if you really do, will not save you! It looks like you’ve got more in you though, which is great! I couldn’t stand it if this was all the fun I got here!”
Nihlen stared at Hetal. As the battle had progressed, so had Hetal’s insanity. As he stood a few feet from Nihlen, his eyes were wide as he stared at Nihlen. He looked detached, and was breathing heavily.
“We’ll see if knowing helps or not.” Nihlen said simply, taking a deep breath. I hope this works…
Nihlen centered himself. He dug further into the Eye of Kings, increasing his peripheral senses as far as he could. Then he began to walk forward, focusing on Hetal’s presence in front of him.
“Did that kick knock your head loose?” Hetal asked, breaking into his most hysterical fit of laughter yet. “Or maybe you’ve just decided you have no chance of winning? Well come this way, and I’ll end it!”
Nihlen continued forward, ignoring Hetal’s words. He was wholly focused on Hetal’s presence, waiting for his chance. His presence was shaking, almost buzzing. Razor sharp and ready to cut anything that came into its domain. As he entered Hetal’s reach, Hetal attacked with a quick punch. Nihlen was ready though, and he caught the attack. Instantly, Nihlen’s right shot out. Hetal moved his head sideways to try and avoid it. Still holding Hetal’s right arm though, Nihlen pulled him back. Hetal moved with Nihlen’s pull though, dodging the attack twice in that short span of time.
“Amazing!” Nihlen exclaimed, as he held Hetal’s arm. As he talked, he kicked upward, aiming for Hetal’s jaw. Hetal tossed his head back, dodging the attack by a hair's breadth. Nihlen stopped just as Hetal dodged, and changed his trajectory, kicking down instead. The heel of his boot sunk into Hetal’s chest, making him grunt.
Hetal pulled on his arm, trying to free it from Nihlen’s grip. Another kick ceased his efforts though as he was forced to dodge.
“What kind of fighting is this supposed to be?” Hetal yelled, trying to free his arm once again. “Stop holding onto me like a weakling!”
Nihlen ignored his words once more, and pulled on Hetal’s arm without warning. He stepped to the side, planning to throw Hetal to the ground. As Hetal stepped though, he planted a hand on the ground, and kicked hard into Nihlen’s stomach.
Nihlen was knocked off balance, taking several steps backward. He got out… Now I have to get him again. It’s not going to be easy to do though…
Re-centering himself, Nihlen began walking forward toward Hetal again.
“That’s not going to work twice.” Hetal said flatly. His insanity seemed to have suddenly disappeared. Nihlen could feel a complete difference in his presence. It was blank, and sharp as a knife. As Nihlen entered Hetal’s range, he felt several blows. They were the lighter hits from before, so fast he couldn't even sense them. They hurt though, much more than they should have. He was seeing stars. His body felt so heavy, and he could barely breathe.
With a surge of fear, Nihlen bounded forward. In a reflexive move, he grabbed Hetal’s arm mid attack. Stepping in, he slammed his forehead into Hetal’s face, and felt blood gush onto him from Hetal’s now broken nose.
Hetal grunted, his remaining free hand flying up to his face. Taking advantage of this chance, Nihlen twisted Hetal’s arm furiously. With a sickening crack, Nihlen broke Hetal’s arm and shoulder in several places. Hetal howled in pain, and wrenched his crippled arm from Nihlen.
He dashed away, and turned back to Nihlen when there was a large distance between them. “You gave me much more than I expected Nihlen!” He screamed maniacally. The insanity had returned in full force. “Next time we play though, you won’t be walking away from it! I can’t wait for that day Nihlen!”
With that, Hetal began sprinting out of the village, cradling his destroyed arm as he went.
Nihlen began to pursue him. I can’t let him get away now! He can tell us so much! Nihlen screamed inside his mind. It was only a few steps before Nihlen’s head began spinning uncontrollably. A sudden wave a nausea led to him half coughing, half throwing up a mass of blood. He then pitched forward, slamming hard into the ground.
He was out cold.





Chapter 16


Seeking Truth


It had been three days since the events that had transpired in Elome. Marina had awoken a full day after the attack. When she roused, half sitting, half lying on the back of her horse, Cal immediately began fussing over her. When he had established she was all right, they caught her up to speed on what had happened.
When Galen had come to, everyone else had been unconscious, and Hetal was nowhere in sight. When Galen checked Nihlen though, he discovered he was gravely injured. So Galen loaded up their entire party, made a makeshift litter to hold Nihlen between two of the horses, and led them along their path. Galen surmised, and explained to her, that Nihlen had been the only one to not fall unconscious when they first encountered Hetal, and had acquired grave injuries protecting them from him.
Marina was shocked, and deeply hurt over what had happened. She had looked down at Nihlen, and he was heavily bruised. One on his cheek, spreading across most of his face, particularly stood out. Galen had also found internal bleeding when he'd examined Nihlen, though it wasn't life threatening. He got that injured because he had to defend us… We were useless to him again. She thought bitterly, chastising herself once more, as she had been doing since she had regained consciousness, for being so weak.
The effect was not all negative though. What had happened back there had hardened her resolve beyond anything. She had been training furiously with Cal and Galen, thirsting to become stronger. Cal had seemed much the same. The two sparred together furiously even after Galen had called a day to the training.
When Galen took them from Elome, they had taken the roads to make travel on Nihlen’s body easier. In the three days they had been traveling, they had covered nearly all of Dalren. In that time though, Nihlen had shown no signs of improvement. Galen possessed a moderate amount of medical training, but regardless of what treatments he used, Nihlen’s condition did not improve. He did not seem to be in danger of dying, but there was no way of knowing when he would regain consciousness.
Marina looked down at Nihlen from her horse as they rode. He was rather pale, and hadn’t moved at all in days. As she watched though, his eyelids suddenly began to flutter slightly. She watched and waited, and slowly his eyes opened.
“Galen, stop!” Marina cried. “Nihlen is regaining consciousness!”
Galen slowed to a stop immediately, and the three dismounted. As they circled around Nihlen, he coughed dryly, and looked up at them.
“What happened?” He asked thickly.
“We were hoping to ask you the same-” Galen began, until Marina burst passed him.
“Nihlen, are you all right?” She asked, kneeling down next to him. She placed her hand on his forehead. “He’s running a temperature. Cal, go gather some more of the leaves of the Indil bush, it will help with his fever.”
Cal nodded, and headed off to search for some.
“I need to examine you now Nihlen.” Galen said, kneeling down next to him. “Can you sit up?”
“I think so.” Nihlen said, pushing himself up.
Marina could see the action caused him a great amount of pain. His bruises were still dark, and a hand flew to his side as he sat up.
“You battled with Hetal correct?” Galen asked as he was starting the examination. Nihlen nodded. “Tell us about what happened after we fell unconscious.”
So Marina listened as Nihlen explained everything that happened. The solid black cube, Hetal’s allegiance to Illian, Hetal’s power and the hits he had used. As he finished, he suddenly fell silent.
“At least your injuries make more sense now.” Galen said, after Nihlen had concluded. “His power seemed to be high level reflexes, but that isn’t the case. Hetal’s power revolves around high speed vibrations produced by his muscles. Using the vibration, he can dodge incoming attacks by suddenly increasing the vibration, moving small amounts in the blink of an eye. When he attacked, the hits were physically light, but he was jarring your body, especially key points like organs and joints, with high level vibrations, causing internal damage while leaving the outside heavily bruised. A truly fearsome power.”
Nihlen hadn’t batted an eye to what Galen had just said. He was staring blankly toward the ground.
“Nihlen…What is it?” Marina asked hesitantly.
“I picked up some other information from my battle with Hetal, though indirectly.” Nihlen began, as if he’d been debating with himself a moment ago. He sat up strong, and looked at both of them. “That cube he used, he told me it suppressed people with powers that were still dormant. If you break that statement down, it means that everyone has the potential to develop some sort of power.”
“If that were the case though, this phenomenon would be well known, as many people would have powers. That definitely isn’t true though.” Galen countered.
“Yes, that’s why I almost didn’t say anything. However…” Nihlen paused, looking at them both once more. He looked quite serious. “I know for sure that through the royal bloodline of Askrah, and now through the two separate blood lines of Draven and Rinh flows a power. We've encountered moving corpses and a man who vibrates his muscles at high speed. Why would some be able to develop powers, and not others?”
“I can see a slight point there, and we know there are people who indeed have powers. What makes you make the jump to saying everyone has the potential to develop powers?” Galen asked.
“I can feel it.” Nihlen said simply. “These abilities… I think they’re the epicenter for everything that is happening. Something is happening in the world right now. It’s shifting. The development of these abilities, the sudden occupation of my kingdom, Illian, and all the stuff we’ve yet to learn. It’s all centered around these abilities.”
“I agree.” Marina suddenly chimed in. “Plus, I feel something about that cube, and the way Nihlen says Hetal described its use.”
“How far from Cascadia are we?” Nihlen asked.
“You’ve been down for three days Nihlen.” Galen told him. “We are nearly out of Dalren now. I would say three more days and we’ll reach Cascadia.”
“Then our course of action remains unchanged. We must search for information on abilities there. We cannot continue until we’ve learned more. Elome could have been the end for us all. We must find out all we can, so we can counter any situation we run into in the future.” Nihlen said.
Marina’s heart sunk slightly at his words, but she drew herself up. “It almost was the end for us. We were saved solely by you. If it’s possible we could all develop abilities, that we could be less of a hindrance to you…” She suddenly cut off, her throat catching.
“Marina…” Nihlen said gently. “What happened back there was no one’s fault. There is no way we could have predicted something like that would happen. Even Galen, who’s very strong and experienced was no match for that artifact. We’re all walking blind in this new world we’ve entered, and everyone is doing their best. I wouldn’t ask for anything more.”
“But still…” Marina said, feeling frustrated. “I want to get stronger. I want you to be able to count on me.”
“I can already count on you.” Nihlen said, looking toward her, his eyes gentle. “You’re becoming stronger all the time, even if you don’t notice it. I can see a difference in you even now after the three days I’ve been unconscious. You’re working very hard, so don’t be discouraged, all right?”
Marina nodded, feeling comforted by his words. Maybe I am getting stronger after all. Still… It’s not enough. I want to find out about these abilities, and if I can awaken one as well.
“Can you ride Nihlen?” Galen suddenly asked.
“I believe so.” Nihlen said, pushing himself to his feet.
Marina watched as Nihlen stood. His body looked extremely stiff, and he winced several times from the effort. “I’ll help you mount up.” She called, turning around to untie his horse from Galen’s.
He waited as she brought Palata to him, and stepped into the cupped palms she offered with a brief nod. Once they were all saddled up, the group rode off, finally moving at a good pace again.
“Here’s what I don’t understand.” Cal suddenly said, just after they had begun moving again. He hadn’t participated in any of the previous conversation after returning from his task, just watching and listening like a hawk. Marina was interested that he was interjecting himself into the conversation so suddenly. “This is a new phenomenon isn’t it? Besides the highly guarded information regarding your powers, and the group known as Illian, what are we going to find? Do we just ask random strangers if they have special abilities until one says yes? I mean… How are we going to look for something like that? Cascadia is said to be an amazing city, but surely information on something like this, should it even exist, will be buried deep where we may not even find it.”
His words rang true to Marina’s own feelings. Since they had decided to stop in Cascadia, she had pondered the same question. She had held her tongue though, because she knew the answer.
“Truthfully, at this point I don’t really know. How could I? It’s not like this is a fairy tale of old, where mages and sorcerers are common place, and we just need look around the city for a guild.” Nihlen said, his tone much lighter than it had been since he regained consciousness.
Marina laughed at his words, unable to help herself. After a moment, Nihlen chuckled as well.
“In all seriousness though, Cal’s point is valid.” said Galen, bringing the conversation back to a serious note. “Information gathering takes a considerable amount of time if one is not privy to the right ears or mouths. How long do we plan to tarry in Cascadia to try and ferret this information out?”
“I don’t know about how long… But I think it stands to reason that there must be groups besides Illian who have abilities.” Nihlen countered. “After all, even members of Illian are regular people before they are picked up by the group. As such, it is quite possible some kind of other under ground networks exist where people with abilities communicate with one another. A large city is an easy place to blend in with the crowds. Furthermore,” he continued. “While it is true my power has left a visible mark to the world on my eye, there was nothing striking about Hetal. He appeared completely normal, personality aside. From that we can gather many ability users can probably move among other humans freely, without fear of detection. So long as they are careful, no one will ever be the wiser. They may be able to detect me as soon as I enter for all we know.”
“I think all we can do is reach Cascadia and go from there.” Marina said, suddenly tired of this contemplation. “We have a baseline plan, and that is the best we can do with this situation. Worrying too much when we are still days away will only serve to weaken us before we get there. We will look, and if we can’t find anything and it feels like it’s time to move on, we’ll do just that. Lets stow this conversation away for now, all right?” She finished brightly, trying to alter the group’s atmosphere.
“Truer words have never been spoken.” Galen said, inclining his head.
Nihlen looked back over his shoulder at her, flashing her a bright smile. She smiled back, feeling warmer inside suddenly.
The remaining three days to Cascadia were like a blur to her. Though accustomed to her new lifestyle, the heavy travel, heavy training, and little sleeping never failed to keep her thoroughly exhausted. Whenever she could over the course of the journey, she slumped in her saddle, desperately wishing to fully rest her over-burdened eyes.
Her exhaustion quickly disappeared though when they came upon the Gai’shir river, which signaled they were nearing Cascadia.
The river was immense, and majestic. As the group rode up to it, Marina stared down into its pristine beauty. The white water crawled over the land at an amazing pace, thundering and rushing in massive rapids. It sprayed the nearby land and air with a cold mist, the light reflecting tiny rainbows in the countless droplets. The cooling relief of the mist was welcome after a long day of riding beneath the sun.
“I’ll be…” Cal suddenly muttered, as he stared down at the river. “It truly is traveling in the wrong direction.”
Marina studied the waters again. As she watched the current, she too felt the astonishment. The water was not flowing down the land, as it should, but northward.
“One of the Great Wonders of the World. The Twin Rivers of Cascadia.” Galen said regally, flourishing his hands toward the body of water. “This means Cascadia will be coming into sight within hours.”
“Where does this body of water come from?” Marina asked, fascinated by this phenomenon.
“The Gai’shir river is fed by the Emony river, which flows out of the northern mountains of Quertia, Miken’s western neighbor. It is one of the largest rivers in the world, at least two or three times the size of the Gai'shir. As the Emony makes its way southward, it divides shortly after leaving the mountains. A large amount of the Emony river travels down this division, known as the Gai’shir river. As soon as the river divides, it begins taking its unnatural course to Lake Berot in Cascadia. Despite any research into the matter, no one can discern why the water which divides from the Emony river travels in this curious fashion.” Galen explained.
“After seeing it in person, I believe even more this has something to do with abilities.” Nihlen said.
“We may never know.” Galen said simply, starting his horse along the flowing banks of the river toward Cascadia.
As they traveled alongside the river, they began to see other travelers. The river was full of boats and ferries, making their way up to Cascadia. But even on land, they were no longer riding alone. People had begun appearing around them, all heading toward the same goal. It felt highly strange to Marina to suddenly be around people. They had spent so much time riding off the beaten path, to be surrounded suddenly pulled at her anxiety, though no signs of danger were present in the nearby travelers.
The group definitely garnered a fair amount of glances and whispers from anyone who saw them, but none more so than most mercenary groups would receive. It seemed to Marina they would have no problem blending in.
For now.
It wasn’t the people, nor the Gai’shir river that captivated her now though. That was reserved for the sprawling city that was Cascadia, which had just come into view. The river rushed ahead of them, surging across the land to their destination. That destination was a mountain, if it could truly be called that. It dwarfed the size of any mountain she had ever seen. In both height and circumference, it was awe inspiring. All the more so because of the two rivers rushing to and from its heart, creating a giant lake in the center of the city. The city itself was carved into the mountain, covering its surface like a mosaic. Even from how far away they were, she could see many large and spectacular buildings, reaching out of the mountains surface like a thousand fingers.
“Broscome Mountain. It is one of the largest mountains in the known world, but by no means the biggest. Its size is still enormous though. It takes two days to completely circle the mountain by foot at the base.” Galen said.
“Incredible…” Marina said, simply awed.
Marina didn’t know what to say. Cascadia was breathtaking to behold, even at a distance. Her very soul stirred within her as she gazed toward the city. It’s amazing people are capable of such beauty, and yet also capable of such horrible destruction… Marina thought to herself, as the group wound their way toward Cascadia.
They made their way up the Gai’shir quickly, encountering more and more people the closer they got to the city. Galen instructed them to remain quiet, and try to look like mercenaries. Most people would avoid them if that seemed to be the case. It wasn’t long before they encountered a rather long line of people, mulling along the side of the river. Ahead of them, Marina could see a large dock, several boats, and armed guards talking to the person at the front of the column of people.
“To enter Cascadia, one must use the Gai’shir river.” Galen said. “In ages past, the city has been fortified so that scaling the mountain on foot became impossible. Land was sheared away, rock formations exposed or created, and other natural barriers implemented, making the Gai’shir the only way to enter the city.”
“What are we going to do when they inspect us?” Cal asked.
“Nothing.” Galen stated flatly. “Unless there’s been some kind of significant trouble, access to Cascadia is heartily granted. It is a trading city after all. If they didn’t let people in, there would be no one to trade with. As long as we conduct ourselves properly, they will let us pass.”
And so they waited. The line moved at a pretty steady pace. Galen’s words seemed correct. The soldiers usually spoke only briefly to the people, sometimes checking bags or wagons quickly, before allowing the person or group passage onto a ferry. Several times the process was halted as a boat made its way upstream, or a full ferry was replaced with an empty one. Finally though, they made it to the front of the line.
“What’s your business in Cascadia?” The lead guard asked. His voice was short and strained from beneath the helmet that covered his head. He wore full plate armor, which must have been murder in the heat of the surrounding day.
“Re-supplying.” Galen said smoothly. “We were hired for a border skirmish in the south. We are returning home to Galden now.”
The soldier waved off his explanation, uninterested. “That’s fine, but make sure you keep those weapons where they are now. We don’t take kindly to armed violence in Cascadia. Cause any trouble, and all that awaits you is your body flowing out with the Natu river.”
The group inclined their heads, and the guard nodded. “Climb aboard then. You will find lodgings and stables all across the city. Enjoy your stay in Cascadia.”
They climbed onto the ferry. With the four of them and their horses, plus those who had boarded before them, the guard deemed the ferry full, and called out for its cast off.
As they traveled up the mountain, Marina looked around in wonder. The mountain was flying by them at a tremendous rate as they climbed up with the river. Marina began laughing, but it was drown out by the rushing noise of the roaring river. As they climbed, Marina stared toward where the river leveled off above, where the city would be exposed. The closer they came, the more breathless Marina had become. As they crested the top of the river, and entered the city, Marina gaped at her surroundings like a child leaving her small village for the first time.
The architecture of the city was old, a testament to Cascadia’s place in the world. As old as the buildings were though, they were highly maintained, and the bricks, slate, and stone shone brightly with the sun. The buildings loomed all around her, all kinds of shapes and sizes. It was all the more impressive because she beheld the sight as she drifted across Lake Berot on a ferry, immediately thrust into the heart of the city.
“It’s an amazing sight the first time.” A voice beside her said, pulling her out of her personal revelry. Standing beside her was an elderly man and a little girl. She hadn't noticed them when she'd boarded the ferry. “I remember the first time I came up the Gai’shir river into Cascadia.” The old man chuckled, his voice holding a tone of reminiscing days long past.
“It truly is.” Marina responded, looking at the duo. The old man was slightly stooped, his haggard claw-like hands grasping a staff hand crafted from wood. It was old and travel worn. His clothes were simple, a white shirt and brown slacks. His head was nearly bald, just a few white wisps here and there. He looked quite delicate, and was definitely very old. The girl next to him looked to be only seven or eight years of age. She wore an adorable pink dress that made her almost seem to be a life sized doll. Her hair was blonde, and tied into two long pigtails. Most of her was hidden behind the old man, as she peeked around at Marina.
“You are an awfully pretty young lady to be part of a mercenary group. I wonder how that came about.” The old man mused aloud.
“Well…” Marina stammered. “That’s quite a long story, really.”
“I’m sure it is.” The old man said simply.
A sudden tremor rocked the ferry. Estaria danced below her, trying to keep her feet under her. To no avail though as Marina fell out of the saddle, landing hard on her back.
“Marina, are you all right?” Cal called, dismounting and rushing toward her. He quickly helped her to her feet, and she brushed herself off.
“I’m fine.” Marina said, turning to where the old man was. “Are you-” She stopped. The space where the old man and little girl had been standing was empty. No trace of them at all.
“Who are you talking to?” Cal asked, following where she was looking with his own eyes. “You didn’t hit your head when you fell, did you?” He asked, concern taking over his voice.
“No, there was…” Marina stammered, not sure what to say. Where did they go? She thought, confused by the sudden disappearance. I spoke to him, saw them. I know they were there! “There was an old man and a little girl standing next to me. I was talking with the old man before that tremor. When I got back up, they were gone. Did none of you see them?” She asked, a note of pleading in her voice.
The other three shook their heads. A strange feeling began creeping over her. “They were there…” She said, looking away.
“I believe you.” Nihlen suddenly said, striding toward her. “Stranger things have happened after all. If they’re gone now, there’s nothing we can do. Everyone on your guard. Anything could be waiting for us here.”
She warmed at his words of confidence, reinforcing what she knew had happened. I wonder if I’ll see them again.
The ferry pulled up to a large set of docks, set into the north bank of the lake. Ferries floated all around the lake, some heading toward the Natu to descend once more, others anchored for later use. The passengers slowly made their way off, Marina and her friends leading their horses onto the dock. It felt weird being in a city again for Marina. Avoiding any sign of other people for so long, it was strange to now be in the midst of a crowd. And there was definitely a crowd.
“Let’s find lodgings with a stable. We’ll rest for the remainder of the day, and figure out a plan for tomorrow.” Nihlen said, as they stepped off the dock. It was hard to hear him over the cacophony of the city around them.
Off the docks, they were in a large plaza. The street was massive, but even still it was packed with people, animals, and wagons. Lining the far side of the street, opposite the lake, was an enormous bazaar. Three floor high buildings lined the streets, and hand made stalls filled all the space in between. Large sets of stairs could be seen periodically, leading further up the mountain, where Marina could see more buildings.
“Cascadia is divided into three parts.” Nihlen said from her side, startling her. “Right now, we are in the Market District. All the area from here up the mountain belongs to the Market District.”
Marina threw her gaze toward the top of the mountain. Set into its side, and scaling nearly to the top, all contained buildings. To her it looked to be an enormous climb if you wished to visit the top buildings.
“The higher you go, the better, and more expensive the shops become.” Nihlen continued. “To the east, you will find the living quarters of the common people, and lesser merchants. The same thing applies in this district as well. The higher you go up the mountain, the more opulent the homes become. Finally, to the west, you will find the lands and homes of the nobles and wealthy merchants. Those who hold more power in the city, whether it be wealth or political power, live near the top. At the top resides High Lord Marian Kora. He is the governing leader of Cascadia, and one of the most powerful men in the nation of Miken.”
“Cascadia is a city of gold.” Galen said, continuing the explanation. “Here, wealth directly translates to power. Even the noble blood line in the region is second to economic power. Being one of the greatest trade cities in the world though, this makes sense. There’s probably nothing you can’t accomplish here if you have the money to back it up. But remember, that makes this place all the more dangerous. When money is involved, shady characters are not far behind. Legal and illegal commerce are both lucrative here, so we need to be cautious.”
They began traveling down the plaza, toward the Common District. It didn’t take long to find a suitable inn. Like all other businesses in Cascadia, the city definitely did not hurt from a need of inns. The inn was called Jewel of Lake Berot. It was nothing extravagant, but it would suit their needs just fine. After leaving their horses in the adjoined stable, they headed in. Inside, the floors were scuffed and scratched, paint peeled from the walls, and a permanent tinge of alcohol, smoke, and greasy food hung in the air and covered the tables. It had a pleasant atmosphere though, and some of its current inhabitants were eating and drinking at the tables, raucous laughter erupting without notice. Marina was also pleased it was at least clean enough she didn’t have to pretend not to notice the dirt.
They quickly paid for a room large enough to accommodate them, the inn keep echoing the warning the guards had given, that any trouble would not be tolerated. With a hasty promise, they ascended the stairs, as worn and scuffed as the floor below, until they reached the third floor, where their room was located. As Galen unlocked the door, and the group made their way in, Marina heaved her bag off her shoulder, tossing it unceremoniously aside as she headed for the closest bed. On her way though, she noticed a large set of bay windows, and walked to them instead. She threw them open, and gazed outside. The view was spectacular. Lake Berot could be seen just across the way, sparkling in the fading sunlight of the day. The din and cacophony of people hummed below as they went this way and that. She took a deep breath, closing her eyes. When she opened them, she found her vision obscured by a wrinkly face staring at her from right in front of her own face.
Marina gasped, falling backward. She crashed hard to the floor, still staring up at the face which had appeared out of thin air before her. Her actions had drawn the attention of the others, who had whirled around from their own task of settling in to check the source of the commotion.
“Marina, move!” Nihlen yelled, the first to react. She heard him lunge forward, and moments later his hand was gripping her arm.
“It’s all right. He’s the old man I saw on the boat.” Marina said, turning to the old man. “You scared the life right out of me! What are you doing up there anyways?”
Nihlen’s grip still held on her arm, but she started to stand up and it relaxed some, and he aided her to her feet.
“Who are you?” Galen asked, moving forward to stand by Marina and Nihlen. “Are you the person Marina saw on the boat?”
“Fear not, I mean you no harm. We’re just here to chat a little bit.” The old man said, his face breaking into a smile, causing all his wrinkles to deepen even further. It made him look simply ancient. “It is rather uncomfortable on my old bones to perch on this window. Do you think you could invite us in?”
Marina looked to her friends. She hadn’t noticed Cal had also moved up to her side. She wasn’t sure when he had moved. He has improved greatly since he started training. Marina thought fondly. With a slight nod from Nihlen, the group moved back, allowing the old man to swing himself through the window. He landed with a soft thud, and it was then that Marina noticed the little girl from before was holding on to his neck. She dropped to her feet, peeking her head out slightly from behind the old man’s cloak.
Galen’s hand floated down to his sword as he regarded the two strange guests they had now acquired. “Who are you exactly? You don’t normally see people as old as yourself who hang around outside third floor windows.”
The old man chuckled quietly, his eyes closed. “You do not indeed. I can assure you I am an old man, but not an old man you would see every day.” The second half of the sentence took on a sharper tone from the light tone he’d used on the boat and on his entrance. The group tensed, but then the old man laughed again. “You can be at ease, even if I held ill intentions, you outnumber me four to one and I have a child with me. Would this really be an advantageous place for me to cause trouble?”
“It would certainly be unexpected.” Galen said, relaxing. He still held his sword though, always a prepared soldier.
“How did you disappear off the boat like that?” Marina asked. “You were there talking to me, and then you were just gone.”
“How indeed…” The old man said gently, rubbing his hand over his chin. “I am feeling rather tired, do you think I could have a seat?” He asked, an air of disinterest in his voice.
Marina heard Cal suppress an annoyed grunt as he reached for a chair, and brought it over to the old man. “Thank you young man.” The old man said, taking a seat in the chair. He picked the little girl up, and placed her on his shoulders. She peered over the old man’s nearly bald head, trying to scrunch up behind him as much as possible. With a gentle pat to her leg, the old man took the group in.
“I suppose…” He suddenly began, but then paused. “I should start with why I am here. More precisely, perhaps I should explain why I made contact with you on the boat, and why I’ve made contact again with you here.”
The group nodded for him to continue.
“The reason I am here is quite simple really. I know who you all are. Or rather, who one member of your group is in particular. Boy, you are the Prince of the now occupied nation of Draven, Nihlen Draven.” The old man said, and it was clearly not a question. He stated it as fact, as if Nihlen himself had told him. Marina shared a fearful glance with Nihlen before the old man continued. “You are here because you are searching for information on abilities, which you yourself possess. You are being pursued by Illian while attempting to retake your kingdom from whoever has occupied it in your absence after you were kidnapped by the lady Marina and that lad over there, Cal. After traveling to Leoradan to see your father’s childhood friend, the Queen of Leoradan, you embarked across this land with the Queen’s adviser, Galen. During your travels, you had encounters with Siren and Hetal while traveling to meet Karishian Delmoore in Elharlia. You stopped in Cascadia because you require information about abilities, and thought this would be a sensible place to take a look since it was on the way anyways. That about sums up your current situation right?” He ended lightly, as if he had just been talking about the weather.
Marina and the others sat in a stunned silence. What was that!? Marina’s mind worked furiously, unable to believe she had just heard all the secrets of their entire journey so far from someone who they knew nothing about. How does he know all that? Including that Cal and I were originally part of the plot, and even kidnapped Nihlen! We hid that from the Queen while we were there. Did Galen catch that part? She glanced over his direction. His face was a mask of stillness. If he had picked up on it, he hadn’t betrayed any sign of it that Marina could see.
“How did you know all that?” Nihlen’s voice was quiet, and Marina felt a strange feeling in the air. Beneath the hat, Nihlen was drawing on the power of the Eye of Kings, clearly disturbed by the revelations he just heard from the old man.
“You do not need to draw on the eye boy.” The old man said simply, looking toward Nihlen. “Your secrets are on display for the entire world to read if they hold the right ability.”
“You’re an ability user?” Nihlen asked, that dark edge disappearing from his voice.
“I am.” The old man said lightly. “My granddaughter and I are both ability users.” He patted her leg lightly. She had completely disappeared from sight above his head when the conversation included her. “She’s shy, please forgive her.” He said lovingly.
“You can read minds.” Marina said, looking at the old man in a whole new light. “That’s incredible!”
“It has its uses.” The old man said, smiling at her. “I didn’t come here simply to tell you I’ve read into your darkest secrets and inner depths of your minds though. I came to give you some aid in your journey.”
“So you will tell us more about abilities?” Galen asked.
“Certainly.” The old man said. “However, you must understand something first. As I said, right now the depths of your minds are open books to anyone with an ability similar to my own. Therefore, I cannot reveal my real identity to you. It is for the safety of myself, and my young granddaughter here. Certainly you will understand.”
“What should we call you then?” asked Marina.
“Urian will do for now if you feel the need for a title to address me by. You can call the little one here Shaya.” He added, patting the girl’s leg once more.
“Urian, if you would, please tell us about abilities. Everything you can.” Nihlen suddenly said. His voice sounded even to a casual ear, but Marina heard a note of pleading or desperation underlying within.
“Where to start…” Urian said, reaching one hand into his coat. From within, he drew a long, dark wooden pipe. Lighting the contents with a match, Urian settled back into the chair, letting out a large puff of acrid smoke. “As I said, both Shaya and I are ability users. I’ve traveled the world most of my life, and have seen many kinds of abilities. Abilities themselves are a phenomenon that have existed as long as we have. Throughout time uncountable, abilities have surfaced within people, seemingly randomly. However, in times of conflict, the amount of abilities seen is higher, and likewise, when the world is peaceful, ability users become rarer. Never do they fully disappear though.”
“What makes people develop abilities?” Nihlen asked.
“I am unsure.” The old man said, puffing on his pipe once more. After he exhaled, he continued. “Asking that is like asking why the sun shines, or why we live here right now. For whatever reason, it simply is.”
“Can anyone learn to use an ability?” Marina asked, unable to keep the question in any longer. This is my chance to find out. Find out if I can truly stand beside him. Marina thought, waiting for his response.
Urian was silent. He seemed to be weighing her question in his mind. “Theoretically yes, anyone can develop an ability.” He said finally, puffing on his pipe once more. “In a way, you could say having an ability is like an illness. There isn’t always an explanation as to why one person develops it and another doesn’t. I believe everyone has the potential to possess an ability from what I’ve seen and experienced myself, but as every ability is unique it's impossible to say. Even if two seem similar, they are as different as each person. Consequently, unlocking that ability is also different for each person.”
Marina nodded, turning inward. It wasn’t a definitive yes, but it’s indeed possible! It’s a step in the right direction at least.
“Can you be more specific?” Cal asked. “Like what you can do to help yourself along the way of discovering your ability? How did you discover you had one?”
Maybe I’m not the only one harboring thoughts of an ability… Marina thought, as she waited for Urian’s response.
“I did not train my ability. One day when I was a child, I could suddenly read minds. The prior day had been completely normal. At that time, I knew nothing of abilities. I was scared, too scared to tell my parents or anyone. Even when I didn’t want to read their minds, I knew all their thoughts and secrets before I could control it. It wasn’t until many years of living with the secret that I learned how to control the power, and read minds only when I wished.” He paused to take another puff of smoke in, and then blew it out. “To answer your question though, the only thing I can say is to try and feel the ability that is locked inside of you. If you try to draw it to the surface, it may answer one day. Otherwise, you may have to wait and see if you wake up one day with a strange new power like I did.” The old man chuckled.
“In addition,” Urian said, reaching into his coat once more. From within he drew a pouch, containing more of the substance which he was smoking. “There are two main types of abilities. Inherited abilities, also called bloodline abilities, and developmental abilities. An example of an inherited ability sits before us, the Eye of Kings. Unless suppressed, these abilities will show up within those who succeed the bloodline, and have the ability passed on through rites at birth. The second type is what others with abilities have, developmental abilities. These are the special, one of a kind abilities which those without bloodline abilities are able to use.”
“Can a person have more than one ability?” Nihlen asked. “Could I possess both an inherited and developmental ability?”
“A very astute observation.” Urian said, inclining his head. “Abilities are rare, even in times of crisis, less than a handful of people within large geographical areas will ever develop an ability. I have encountered people who possess more than one ability though, so it is not impossible.”
“What about Illian?” Galen suddenly asked, changing the subject. “The whole reason we are concerned about abilities enough to stop our journey is the near defeat we suffered at the hands of Hetal. Is there any way we can effectively counter an ability user? He used some kind of item that suppressed all of us but Nihlen. Is there an item that will suppress people with abilities?”
“Such items exist, but they are exceedingly rare. Creating objects with power requires having the ability to do so. Seeing people with similar abilities is extremely rare. Your only chance would be to find an item already in existence, which is highly difficult even in the shadiest markets in the world, or find someone with the ability to make items, which is probably as difficult as the former.”
Cal punched his leg, cursing. Marina felt a blow too. If Illian held items of power like that, or worse, someone with the ability to make them, then their group was in a mountain of trouble.
“There must be something we can do though, to help even the odds against other ability users.” Nihlen said in frustration.
“Of course there is.” Urian said simply, taking them all in with his smiling gaze. “An ability is only a tool, at the disposal of the user. Therefore, it is only as good as the user. Train yourselves to your fullest, and you will be able to stand and fight, even without an ability. Your quest is dire though, and you may find your needs answered in the future.” The last part had a prophetic ring, sending shivers down Marina’s spine.
Nihlen eyed the old man for a moment. “I wonder who you really are.”
“I wonder…” Urian echoed, pulling on the pipe once more.
“Do you possess information about what is going on in Draven?” Nihlen asked point blank, standing tall and regal like the Prince he was.
“I do… But giving it to you would probably cause you more harm than good.” Urian said faintly. “I can tell you your family still lives though, so you may set your mind at ease on that point.”
Marina could see the weight visibly lift from Nihlen. Instantly, he seemed to change before her very eyes. “You’re sure?”
“I am. I would not lie to you in a matter that important.” Urian’s tone rang true with honesty.
Nihlen sagged down onto the bed behind him, putting his face in his hands. Marina swelled happily inside for him. She knew how much of a toll that particular worry took on his mind.
It had grown dark outside now, and a cool chill crept in through the still open window. The group was silent for a while, the only sound Urian pulling on the wooden pipe. After a while, Nihlen looked up from his hands, his eyes lightly tear streaked.
“Urian, we need to know how to protect our minds from ability users like yourself. Is there anything we can do to defend our thoughts and secrets?”
“It depends… It is possible to fend off mind readers. It requires complete control of the mind though. If your control is weaker than the strength of the attacker, they will gain access to your mind. Exceptionally strong mind readers will probably not be thwarted, but if your mind is strong enough, you should be able to repel any attacks long enough to defend yourself at least.” Urian paused for another pull. “To control your mind, you must have all your thoughts under your control. Your mind must be quiet and serene. The mind reader will attempt to pull memories out, or delve in, or something along those lines. As long as you control the memories though, they won’t be able to stir them until you fall to their mental attack. Meditate, and hone your focus. That’s about all you can do about that. As for the items of power, they are truly a problem for those without abilities. Pray that you can awaken your own, if you so desire to counter that. Otherwise, you may see a repeat of Elome.” His ending tone was grave.
Suddenly he stood, Shaya rocking slightly on his shoulders. “I will leave you with these final words. What lies before you now is a daunting task. The world is entering another age of strife. Dangerous times await everyone in the future. Just as ages of peace have been enjoyed, ages of war also bring them down. This age is turning now, and with it comes change. What will be, will be, so don’t be swallowed by your Path. Fight with everything you have for what you wish to accomplish, but do not be blinded by it. People tend to lose themselves when in pursuit of what is important to them, making that very pursuit invalid. Don’t lose yourself, no matter how important your quest. Make sure you still find enjoyment in the things around you, for if you reach a point where you feel none, all is surely lost for you.”
He headed for the window once more, bringing Shaya down into his arms. “Will we see you again?” Marina asked.
“I feel that you shall.” He said with a jovial wave. Then without hesitation he jumped out the window. Marina ran over toward the window panicked. When she gazed out to the street below though, there was no sign of Urian. He had simply vanished.
Urian’s sudden visit had wound them all up. Marina stayed by the window, breathing in the moist, cool air. She stared out at the lake, the reflection of a full moon glistening on the lake’s slightly rippling surface. Everything Urian had said swam through her head, along with a jumbled mess of other information that had arisen with it.
“I never expected information to just appear before us.” Nihlen suddenly said, breaking the lasting silence. “I wonder who he really is. Could this be a setup of some kind?”
“It’s possible.” Galen said, sitting on his bed. “Either way though, he knew far too much for his words to have been false. He was definitely a mind reader. The part about you and Cal was especially surprising…” Galen trailed off, looking at Marina. She looked away, disgust for the incident welling up inside her.
“Do not be hard on her Galen.” Nihlen said in her defense. “She has done more than enough to atone for her wrong doing. I would be dead right now if it weren’t for these two. They were just hired hands, who could have been easily replaced. The guilt lies with Calden, and whoever he’s in league with.”
“I meant nothing by it, I was just surprised to hear it was all. It seems I still have much to learn about all of you.” Galen said.
“This information…” Cal said. “It was not as much help as we had originally hoped. Other than a brief lesson about abilities, we basically learned we may die if we do not develop abilities of our own. Only we still don’t know how to do that.”
“Yeah…” Nihlen said, fiddling with the blankets. “At least now we know more than we did though. I suggest we heed Urian’s words, and do our best to strengthen ourselves, with or without abilities.”
“We are travel worn, and would already be long asleep had we not had unexpected company. We should take some time to recover while we are here. We can’t save anyone if we grind ourselves to dust after all. Let’s get some sleep, and we can worry about the rest of this tomorrow.” Galen said.
The group murmured their assent, each climbing into their beds. Marina quickly closed the window, and made her way to her own blankets. As the fatigue of the day caught up with her, she was out almost as soon as her head hit the pillow.
As she drifted, right before the abyss of sleep, she saw a deep darkness pierced by a blinding light.





Chapter 17


Do Your Best


Sleep didn’t last long for Nihlen. The quiet twilight that had just greeted him with blissful slumber erupted in sudden screams, explosions, and bursts of fiery light. As the room around him shook, Nihlen rolled ungracefully out of his bed, landing hard on the floor. As he pushed himself to his feet, he heard the sounds of his companions scrambling awake.
Galen dashed over to the window, throwing it open. “The city is under attack… There’s fire everywhere.” He called over the screaming voices which flooded the streets below. Another explosion shook the building again, nearly sending them all to the floor.
Steadying himself, Nihlen ran over to the window to take a look himself. The scene outside was one of devastation. The buildings in the plaza surrounding them were either destroyed, or already on fire. A quick glance upward confirmed The Jewel of Lake Berot, the inn they were in now, was also on fire. People ran in all directions below, driven by complete and utter chaos. Their screaming voices and fear filled cries echoed around the city constantly, punctured by massive explosions from the surrounding buildings. Nihlen leaned out the window, looking up and down the street of the plaza, searching for the source of the attack. When his vision reached the lake, he saw the source.
A large wall of fire encircled the plaza just across from the lake. As the flames licked the air around them, twisting and dancing in the night, Nihlen spotted a lone figure in the center of the walled off space. Fire erupted from the figure’s hands, hurtling over the flame wall and crashing into an, until then, undamaged building. The plaza resounded with another jarring explosion, and Nihlen backed away from the window. He wished it was only because of the tremor that wracked the room.
“There’s a person surrounded by a wall of fire just down the road by Lake Berot… A single person is creating such devastation…” Nihlen said, unable to mask the fear in his voice. How can we fight something like that? Even the Eye of Kings won’t do much when I burn alive…
Galen quickly leaned out the window again, looking down the road. When he brought his head back in, he looked as worried as Nihlen now felt. “I doubt this is unrelated to us. Surely that person is another ability user from Illian… The power to command fire though, I’m not sure what to do.” Galen said, and fear was plain in his battle hardened voice as well. After all, how does one prepare to fight the very forces of nature?
His fear only deepened Nihlen’s though, and he turned away from the window. He felt disgusted with himself, because he wanted to flee, to run and try to preserve his own life, and the lives of his friends. He clenched his fist, and it trembled.
“Nihlen…” Marina said gently, glancing over toward the window. She made no move to see their newest pursuer though.
He looked up at her, and her eyes met his. They were full of fear. That look of fear shook him inside. I promised to protect her, no matter what.
Nihlen smiled at her, and the fear in her eyes softened slightly. “We have a big problem on our hands, no doubt about it. However, we’ve handled everything up until now, and we’ll handle this. Let’s go down there, and see what we can do to stop this.”
They quickly gathered up their belongings, and left the room. As they made their way through the inn, they yelled a warning of fire, banging on doors to rouse occupants who might otherwise sleep to their death in the gradually burning building. When they exited the building, they deposited their possessions in the nearby stable, checked to make sure their animals could escape if the fire spread to the stable, and then ran quickly down the large plaza street, past throngs of fleeing people, toward Lake Berot.
Nihlen watched the massive wall of fire the entire time as they ran, dodging people out of reflex. His jaw was clenched hard as he forced his feet to carry him toward what felt like certain doom. As they neared the fire wall, two guards appeared, blocking their path.
“This area is off limits to civilians.” One of the guards said, leveling his sword toward Nihlen. He had a scraggly beard and a very gruff voice. “This area is extremely dangerous at the moment.”
“You’re right.” Nihlen said, pained yet grateful for the delay. “That person has already destroyed several buildings. I ask that you step aside, and allow us to handle this situation.”
“It’s our duty to protect this city!” The second guard yelled, drawing himself up. He was about the same age as Nihlen, and about the same height as well. “We will protect Cascadia with our lives!”
Cal and Galen moved forward, each chopping one of the guards on the back of the neck before they could even react, easing their now unconscious bodies to the ground.
“Your spirit is admirable.” Nihlen inclined his head, as they ran off once again toward the wall of fire.
They slowed as they reached it. Large amounts of guards encircled the flames, but they could find no way in. They mulled around nervously, looking to their commanders with eyes filled with fear. It was clear to Nihlen that most were right on the edge of desertion.
Without warning, the wall of fire suddenly flared out, knocking all of the surrounding soldiers back several feet. The plaza was humming with the sound of the armored men slamming to the stone ground at once, and air crackling from the intense heat. The steeds of their superiors balked at the fire, moving around nervously as their riders tried to control them. As the fallen men began to get to their feet, many simply turned and ran, fleeing the scene. Their commanders shouted curses and threats at the fleeing men, but to no avail. They continued to flee in droves, more men losing heart as more fled. It was only a matter of minutes before the square was empty save themselves and the roaring wall of fire before them.
Nihlen glanced nervously at his companions, and after a small nod from Marina, turned to face the wall of fire. “Cease this destruction!” He bellowed toward the flame wall.
The flames flickered in response to his words, and the wall of fire began to thin. Slowly the fire burned down, until the circle was waist high off the ground. His view no longer obscured by a fiery oblivion, he was able to see the person who held mastery over fire.
She was female, but quite tall. Taller than Nihlen, Galen, and even Cal. She was quite thin as well, which gave her a somewhat ethereal presence. She wore a long dress that was a fiery crimson red, which matched her hair. Flames licked off her body, crawling all over her freely. As she regarded them silently from the center of the circle, even her eyes burned with fire.
“My quarry has finally come out. I didn’t think you’d be able to resist the lure of a city being destroyed.” The woman said, her voice was soft and light, but carried well across the darkness.
“So you destroy the city to lure me out? You cannot help but exercise the supremacy you hold over others with such a vast and amazing gift? Is the power of the Eye of Kings truly worth mindlessly destroying whatever lies in your way?” Nihlen yelled into the darkness, unable to help himself from fear and anger.
“Do not presume to lecture me, boy. You know nothing about me or my goals.” The woman retorted, even her voice seemed to be coated with flames.
“I don’t need to know your goals.” Nihlen spat back. “Whatever you are after, you are killing innocent people and causing senseless destruction in pursuit of your goal. I will oppose anything that uses such methods!”
The woman began laughing, the flames surrounding her flaring with her mirth. “You are nothing to me as you are right now boy. I could burn you all to cinders in the blink of an eye. I am Helida Goverra, a Tictinil. I hold dominion over fire. You, nor anyone else, can hope to oppose me.”
Without another word, Nihlen jumped the small wall of flames. He reached toward the halberd on his back, but let his hand fall limply back to his side. It would be of no help to him against the roaring flames.
The temperature on the other side of the wall was like another world. The cool nighttime air was replaced with a heat that felt as if he stepped into the hottest desert. The air was thick, which made it hard to breathe, and sweat was forming on Nihlen’s brow. His throat felt dry, and he pulled on the collar of his shirt as he stared at Helida, still unable to shake the feeling of his impending doom.
Helida regarded him blankly as he closed the distance between them. Then, the fire surrounding her body, as well as the circle of flame which surrounded them both, suddenly evaporated. She continued her silent observation, a slight smile playing upon her face.
“I must admit that your courage amazes me. Though perhaps it would be better to call it stupidity. You cannot defend yourself against my flames, yet here you stand before me. What is it that drives you? Why would you throw your life away in a futile attempt to protect a city that is not even part of your kingdom?” Helida asked.
“This may not be a city of Draven, these may not be my people, but I will still protect them as if they were.” Nihlen said, drawing himself up to full height even as his fear tried to weigh him down. “I will do everything in my power to protect any innocent people, anywhere, from those who they cannot protect themselves from.”
“Bravado will only serve you your death, boy.” Helida said, allowing fire to envelop her body once again. “Do your best to live up to the expectations you’ve set for yourself. Let us see how well you are able to protect the city from my fiery wrath!”
Her right hand suddenly flew up from her side, pointing toward Nihlen palm facing out. From her hand, a large ball of fire suddenly erupted. It was large, twice the size of his head, and moved through the air at an amazing speed. Nihlen was barely able to react in time as he quickly sidestepped the oncoming attack. He could smell burning hair, and realized it was his own. Moments later, several more fireballs followed the first. As Nihlen dodged each one, he could feel the tremendous heat of the inferno. If that hits me, I’ll be burned to a crisp.
It was like an intricate dance, delicately intertwining with the beat that was the oncoming fire. Already, sweat was pouring from Nihlen. The heat of his movement, combined with the heat of the constant barrage of fireballs, was quickly sapping his strength. He looked at Helida as he dodged around the flames. She hadn’t moved a step yet, and her face showed no sign she even considered it a battle. She looked disinterested, as if she had been given a particularly unpleasant job to do.
Nihlen tried to work his way up to Helida. Anytime he made any progress toward her, however, the intensity, size, and frequency of the fireballs increased, driving him back.
What should I do? If this continues, she’ll wear me down before I can do anything. I have to find a way to get close… Nihlen thought to himself.
In his desperation, Nihlen abandoned his fear. He quickly reached for his halberd, and turning the bladed end toward Helida, he threw it at her. In her surprise, Helida's onslaught ceased as she was forced to dodge the incoming projectile. Nihlen seized this opportunity, and quickly bolted in toward her.
It was to no avail though.
As he neared, Helida unleashed a wall of fire. The wall encircled her, forming an impenetrable barrier that forced Nihlen back. He cursed as he ran from the fire, wiping sweat out of his eyes. Now he was back where he started, and weaponless to boot. The wall of fire disappeared moments later, exposing Helida once more, as calm and collected as ever.
“Your final, desperate attack has failed. You now stand before me even more helpless than before. Submit to me with no further aggression, and I will cease my attack upon this city. Its destruction wasn't my objective from the beginning.” Helida said, spreading her arms wide in a friendly gesture.
“I would sooner gouge this eye from my head than surrender and give it to you.” Nihlen spat angrily.
“Perhaps you need a little more persuading then.” Helida said, turning away from him. Without another word, she launched a volley of fireballs high into the sky.
Nihlen watched as the fireballs disappeared into the sky, their bright light illuminating the darkness around them temporarily. Then the sky was dark once more. Moments later, however, the light began to reemerge from the jet black clouds. They dove back towards the land below, and Nihlen watched in horror as they crashed into the city. All over the mountain the fireballs rained. They crashed into the higher tiers of the city, spreading destruction to what little remained unmarred on the mountain.
His fury stoked, Nihlen drew deep from the Eye of Kings. He drew deep enough that his fear was lost to the calm and calculating thoughts the eye gave him. With his increased physical capabilities and mental processing he closed the gap between them so fast the look of relaxation and control on Helida's face slipped for an instant. She quickly launched a fireball to try and ward him off, but he simply slid beneath it. In range to attack now, he threw his right fist. Helida shuffled back, dodging the blow. Nihlen followed her back, determined to keep the distance he had worked so hard to gain. He followed up with a kick aimed for her side, but she stepped back to avoid that one as well. Nihlen readied another attack, but a sudden burst of heat below him grabbed his attention. He barely moved in time to dodge the erupting pillar of fire from below his feet.
Undaunted, Nihlen moved sideways instead of backward, keeping his distance to Helida unchanged. Another pillar of fire followed him to where he stood, and he sidestepped again. Not waiting for a third, Nihlen jumped toward her. She was ready for his attack though. Her hand flew up once more, but this time a stream of fire erupted from her hand.
Nihlen was still in his jump as the fire erupted. I can't dodge… She's got me. Nihlen thought, feeling defeated. He closed his eyes, and could feel the inferno closing in on him.
Suddenly, he felt a cooling sensation on his back. The cooling sensation washed over him, and he realized it was water. A cascade was suddenly rushing over him. Its sudden appearance dumbfounded him, but he had no time for bewilderment as the water washed over him and collided into the fiery jet, sending him hard into the ground as steam rolled across the plaza.
“Who's there!?” Helida called, looking around the plaza. It was the first time Nihlen had heard her sound anything but calm. Nihlen also looked for the source of the life-saving water. He saw no one though.
“You have made a grave mistake coming here tonight.” A light voice echoed around them. Nihlen looked all around, moving into a half-sitting position, but still he could not see the source of the voice.
“You…” Helida whispered into the night. “Show yourself!”
“As you wish.” The soft voice echoed around them.
Nihlen looked around the plaza, waiting to see who this mysterious new figure was. Still he saw no one.
“Look! Over at the lake!” Marina called, pointing toward Lake Berot.
Nihlen followed to where she was pointing. In the center of the lake, the water was bubbling like a boiling cauldron. More and more vigorously the water frothed and bubbled, until it seemed like something below would explode.
Then, something began to rise from the surface. Nihlen strained his eyes against the darkness of the lake, trying to see exactly what it was. As it rose further, Nihlen was able to see that it was a person, cradled in the water. As the person rose from the water, a light blue glow began to emit from the lake, bathing the surrounding area with water-colored light. As the woman's features came into focus, Nihlen was taken aback. If he hadn't known better, he would have thought he was looking at Helida, only with a few subtle differences. Her dress matched the color of the water's glow that surrounded her, as did her hair. Her eyes were blue, and seemed to swim like the water she manipulated. Besides those features, she looked exactly like Helida.
“What are you doing here, sister?” Helida called toward the lake. Her tone did not speak of any sisterly love. It was full of resentment and hate.
“I've come for Prince Nihlen, and it seems not a moment too soon.” The mysterious woman answered, shocking Nihlen. This was the last thing I would've expected.
“I'm sorry to disappoint you sister, but I will be taking this boy with me.” Helida said, and without warning launched a fireball toward her sister.
Helida's sister did not bat an eye, however. She simply raised her own hand, and a ball of water shot out. The water slammed into the fireball, extinguishing it in a puff of steam.
“Surely you jest sister. I am your natural predator. No matter your orders, you know you have no chance against me. On top of that, you wasted all that power destroying the city and fighting the Prince. You may not live to regret it if you don't flee now.” The water woman's voice took a very dark edge with the second sentence.
“I will not run from you sister!” Helida screamed into the night. “I will kill you here tonight! The boy will be ours! You will regret showing yourself here on his behalf!”
Another jet of fire erupted from her hand. The water which cradled Helida's sister shifted, moving her out of the way. As she dodged, she answered with a jet of water. With a fiery explosion, Helida soared into the air, landing several feet behind where she previously stood. As she landed, she suddenly slipped. The ground where she stood had suddenly become ice. Helida's sister did not stop there though.
Nihlen, still in his sitting position on the ground, suddenly felt moisture beneath his body. When he looked down, he could see water quickly bubbling up from the ground beneath him. The water was icy to the touch, and quickly soaked through his clothes. Then, the light coat of frigid water which covered the surface of the surrounding plaza began to ripple. The ripples increased in frequency, and the surrounding water began to move from beneath him toward the two fighting women.
In an instant, the water suddenly gathered in one place. It surrounded Helida, encasing the area around her so it looked as if she was trapped in a giant globe made of water. There was silence, and Nihlen thought the fight was over. He began to push himself up, but stopped before he made it very far. The water prison, which surrounded Helida, had begun to deform. Inside, Helida was thrashing about. The deformed sphere began to bubble, and steam rose around it. As the boiling reached its climax, the water exploded, and Helida sat up, coughing and spitting up water.
Helida's sister looked on from above, unperturbed that her sister had escaped from her watery grave. She merely watched her cough and choke, no concern visible on her face. When Helida finally stopped, and wiped her mouth, she pushed herself up onto shaking legs.
“I will have you answer for you crimes tonight Helida. You owe your life for what you have done, and the elders have tasked me with taking it.” The woman said.
“You...” Helida rasped, as her entire body shook. Nihlen wasn't sure if it was from fury, or from nearly drowning. “I've had enough of this!” She suddenly screamed.
As she screamed, fire roared forth from her body. A torrent of flames engulfed her, twisting and flickering around the plaza. The fire grew, expanding both outward and upward. Helida appeared at its top, moving her hands as if she was conducting an orchestra. As the flames grew, they began to mold and twist. Within a few moments, a shape was beginning to become visible. An animal. It didn't seem to be one Nihlen had ever seen though. The fiery beast stood on two legs. The upper body encompassed most of its bulk, massive chest, shoulders, and arms. Grasped in its large hands, also made of fire, it held a massive double bladed ax. The head was the strangest part though. It did not resemble a human's, nor any other animal Nihlen had ever seen. It was asymmetrical, and flat. Nihlen could discern no features from the fiery face.
Helida's sister watched the transformation silently. As the beast turned to her, the pale blue glow surrounding them suddenly brightened. Lake Berot began to churn once more, and more of its waters flowed up toward her. The water supporting her swelled, and began a transformation of its own. Unlike the fire beast, however, the water stretched itself long and thin. It snaked around the woman in thick coils, and the end that floated above her began to grow and take shape. It formed a beast just as strange and unknown as the fire creature. The coils branched off into countless strands that covered the entire body, and each of the tiny tentacles moved and wiggled independently of one another. The bulging part above her took the shape of a head. At least Nihlen thought it was a head. Like the fire beast, the head was asymmetrical. A strange shape that was even harder to grasp because of the fluid nature of the water.
Seeing both of these strange beasts before him, Nihlen was struck with a strange sense of both fear and awe. He was transfixed on the scene before him, and many different kinds of thoughts bounced around in his head. Fear that he was expected to fight ability users such as these. Awe that they existed in the first place.
“Nihlen! You have to get out of there!” Galen called from behind him.
Nihlen turned his body so that he could look back at his friends. In the heat of his battle, and now this incredible display of abilities he had nearly forgotten about them.
It was then that the two elemental manifestations clashed.
The beasts attacked one another, raining fire and steaming water all around. Nihlen winced as the boiling hot water sprayed him, and winced again as fire crashed into the nearby ground and exploded. He shook his head and tried to stand. When he tried to move his left leg, however, he felt a sharp twinge of pain. He inhaled sharply, gripping his leg.
“Nihlen!” Marina called. “Hurry!”
“I can't!” Nihlen called, grunting both from the pain in his leg and from another spray of boiling water. “I injured my leg when that other woman saved me!”
A scream from Helida brought Nihlen's eyes back to the battle. The mysterious woman's snake-like creature was coiled around the fire beast, forming a circle around it. The many tendrils hanging off its body attacked like individual needles, all stabbing through the fire countless times. With its upper body, it lunged in toward the fire monster, shearing off large chunks of fire whenever its attacks connected. The fire beast would counter with fireballs or jets of flame, bursting parts of the water beast into steam.
The sound of footsteps running across the ground behind him brought his attention away from the fight once more. Marina was running towards him. When she reached him, she grabbed him under his right arm with both of her hands.
“It's dangerous here, we need to get back further.” Marina said, trying to pull Nihlen to his feet.
Helida screamed into the night once again. The fire beast's flat and smooth face was turned up toward the sky. The water beast had torn a huge section of the fire beast's upper body off, and the large mass of flames came hurtling toward Nihlen and Marina.
“Marina! Look out!” Nihlen yelled, forcing himself to his feet. He didn't feel the pain at all as he rose. He grabbed Marina, and pulled her up against him.
Just as he grabbed her, the fiery mass slammed into the ground behind him. The force of it as it exploded was deafening. The explosion lifted them off the ground, flinging them across the plaza. As they descended, Nihlen flipped their bodies so that he landed first. The force of the sudden contact with the ground, combined with catching Marina's weight as well, emptied the breath from his lungs. He coughed as she rolled off him, desperately trying to take in some air.
“Oh no! Nihlen, are you all right?” Marina asked, hovering over him.
“I'm all right.” Nihlen choked, sitting up. He cringed at the increased pain in his leg. “Are you all right?”
“I am thanks to you.” Marina said, offering him her hand. “Now let's get you up. We need to be ready for whatever happens next, there's no telling when this will end, or who will be the victor.”
She helped him to his feet, and his hand lingered in hers. Their eyes met for a brief moment, and something passed between them. It was like a quick flash of a picture, something he couldn't quite recall. Then his leg began to wobble, and he began to pitch forward.
“I've got you.” Galen said, his deft and agile hands snatching Nihlen before he hit the ground. Nihlen leaned his weight onto Galen, thankful for the help.
Galen prodded his leg as he held him up. “It looks like it's just some muscle damage. Some herbs and a few days it will be good as new. We'll have to worry about that after... That.” He finished by pointing toward the raging battle.
“The water woman will be the victor.” Marina said, sounding confident. “Those women are twins, and judging by Helida's reaction when the water woman appeared, she was always in second place. Plus water beats fire right?” Marina added, pointing toward the fire beast. “Look how strained Helida's face is. She's also breathing heavily. The water woman looks completely fine though. I think at this point, our main concern is the true intentions of that water woman.”
Galen nodded, and his face showed he was quite impressed. “I believe you are right. She referred to Nihlen as Prince, but that does not mean her intentions are good. What do you think Nihlen?”
“I can't say for sure, but she does not feel like a hostile force to me. I think we should just wait this battle out and see what happens. We are kind of backed into a corner right now.” Nihlen said honestly.
It turned out they wouldn't have to wait long. Helida was on her last leg. Her fire beast still stood, but part of the upper body that had been cleaved off had not repaired itself. Upon closer inspection, Nihlen also saw the countless tendrils still attacking the fire beast. Small holes were appearing in the flames, and growing bigger by the second. The flame beast stumbled, and toppled forward. As it hit the ground, it exploded, and a blinding light swept through the plaza, followed by a deafening boom.
Nihlen rubbed his eyes from the bright flash, and peered into the blue tinged darkness ahead of him. As his vision readjusted, he saw Helida lying face down on the ground. The mysterious woman, riding the snake-like water beast, lowered herself to the ground.
“You have failed sister.” The mysterious woman said, walking toward Helida's outstretched form. “After all this time, I will finally take my revenge on you.”
Helida stirred slightly at the words, but did not move to rise. Suddenly, her body ignited. The fire burned brighter and brighter until Nihlen had to avert his eyes. Then the light was gone, and Nihlen turned back. Helida was gone, no trace of her remaining.
“Is she dead?” Marina asked.
“I'm not sure.” Nihlen said, turning his attention back to the mysterious water woman.
She was silently staring at the spot where Helida had been. There was a look of pure hatred on her face that burned in her eyes She shook her head, and then regarded their party, standing next to her water beast. As her eyes met Nihlen’s, she suddenly dropped to one knee. “Prince Nihlen, I am Shaila Goverra. I'm sure you have many questions, but for now we must leave this place. Please collect your belongings and come back here as soon as possible.”
“Can we really trust her?” Cal asked suspiciously.
“I think we can.” Marina stated.
“I agree. I'm not sure we could get away anyways to be honest.” Nihlen said. “It will be faster if you leave me here though. Run quickly and grab our things.”
Galen eased Nihlen gently to the ground, then he, Cal, and Marina ran off across the plaza back toward the inn. Nihlen silently regarded the woman as he waited for his comrades to return. He desperately wanted to question her, but knew he should wait until everyone was present again. The woman seemed to share his feelings, and said nothing until the other three returned.
Galen dismounted, and helped Nihlen into Palata's saddle. Nihlen winced as his injured left leg bore his weight while he swung his right leg over the horse. Once mounted, they rode over to where the woman waited.
“How will we get down the river?” Nihlen asked.
“I will carry us down.”
“Carry us down?” Cal echoed. “As in without a boat?”
“Water answers to my will. It will carry us down the mountain faster and safer than any boat ever could.” Shaila answered. “Now that the battle has ended, those guards will make their way back here. I would rather we were gone before that happens, so we can avoid any needless fighting.”
“What is your name?” Galen asked.
“Shaila.” She answered.
“What do we have to do?” Marina asked.
“I am prepared to depart. Just ride on to the lake. It may seem strange, but I promise you will not sink.” Shaila said.
Nihlen spurred Palata forward. As he neared the edge of the water, the horse hesitated slightly. On he walked though, and he stepped out onto the lake. As Shaila had promised he did not sink. The water still rippled beneath the horse's hoof, but it also seemed solid. Palata quickly became complacent, and stood calmly with all four hooves on top of the water. The others quickly followed suit, easing their temporarily frightened horses onto the lake behind Nihlen.
As Cal, whose horse displayed the most nervousness, got into position, Shaila waded into the water, disappearing into its dark depths. She rose out of the water just ahead of where Nihlen sat, and slowly they began to move. They quickly skittered across the surface of Lake Berot, teetering on the edge of the Natu river.
“Here we go.” Shaila called lightly, sending a reassuring look over her shoulder as they plunged over the edge.
The mountainside rushed by them at a tremendous speed, yet the ride was far smoother than the ferry they had taken up the river. Not once did Nihlen even feel the horse's footing falter, nor any sudden jarring movements. It seemed to be only a matter of moments before their trajectory leveled out, and they were slowing down. Shaila guided them toward the edge of the river bank, and they disembarked into a shaded copse of trees.
They wandered into the shelter of the trees, exhaustion catching up with them. Nihlen looked around at his companions as they disembarked. His gaze met with bagged, heavy lidded eyes and deep yawns. Nihlen’s muscles groaned in protest as he dismounted and removed the pack and saddle from Palata. It was with many exhausted sighs that the group finally gathered around a small fire to stave off the chill from the night air near the river.
“I think we are all too fatigued to speak of these heavy matters tonight. Rest for now. The river will watch over us, so sleep peacefully. Tomorrow, I will answer all the questions you have.” Shaila said.
Nihlen’s eyes slid closed, and he was grateful. As much as he wanted to talk, and as important as he knew it was, he couldn’t have argued even though he wanted to. Everyone else seemed to agree, as they climbed into their blankets without any argument. Sleep, which had eluded them thus far, graciously awaited, taking them all immediately away.





Chapter 18


Divination


Warm sunlight crawled across Marina's face, stirring her from her deep and dreamless sleep. The glow was bright, and comforting on her face, like a gentle caress. As her eyes slowly opened, she smelled the sweet, damp air around her. She felt rested, and re-energized. Much more so than she had expected after the horrific events of the previous night.
She sat up, looking around their little camp. Deep breathing, and Cal's guttural snores greeted her, telling her her friends still slumbered.
Shaila sat not far away though, bent over a small fire with her back turned to Marina. Brushing sleep from her eyes, Marina rose, stretching her arms far above her head. She soundlessly dressed, strapped on her dagger and throwing knives, and approached Shaila and the fire.
“Breakfast?” Shaila called over her shoulder, smiling warmly at Marina. “I caught some game this morning, and there is also a fish stew simmering over there.” She pointed toward a second fire built a little ways from the camp. “I used the pans I found in one of the packs, I hope you don't mind.”
“Not at all.” Marina said, inhaling the smells of the cooking food. It smelled of spices and seasonings she had never encountered. “It smells delicious.”
Shaila placed some of the meat onto a plate, and handed it to Marina. She graciously tore into a piece as Shaila rose, and moved toward the pot of fish stew. She came back with a large bowl full, and a hunk of bread. Marina took them, and sat down next to Shaila. She voraciously ate the food in front of her, surprised at her own appetite. Shaila tended the food silently, allowing Marina to eat her fill. When she was finished, Marina put her dishes on the ground in front of her.
“Thank you. Your cooking is quite amazing. I don't think I've had a meal that good for quite some time.” Marina said.
“You are welcome.” Shaila said. “When I began my apprenticeship back home, one of my duties was to cook for the elders. We were taught to cook dishes that would please them, though I must confess the seasonings from my village do most of the work.” Marina opened her mouth to ask about Shaila's village, but Shaila forestalled her with an upraised hand. “We should wait until the others rise. It will be easier that way.”
Marina nodded, and watched the fire dance as she waited. It briefly reminded her of the night's events, but it was also warm and comforting.
It seemed like forever before her companions began to rise. Eventually though, even Cal's deep rumbling snores subsided, and the group was finally gathered around, steaming bowls of stew and meat in their hands.
Shaila looked around the group, then nodded once. “I am Shaila Goverra. I am a Tictinil who hails from the village of Inthule, located in the eastern reaches of the continent of Helran. At the request of Urian, I have been asked to accompany you on your journey. Particularly, I am to escort you on your journey to Elharlia, help to build your mental defenses as you talked about with Urian, and finally to assist in the development of abilities within this group, should that be possible.”
“You can help us develop abilities?” Galen asked, surprise clear in his voice. “Urian gave us a different impression, that one must learn on their own.”
“That is usually the case... But allow me to explain more about myself. Then your questions may be answered.” Shaila said after a moment. “Inthule is not like most of the world. Abilities are an integral to our culture. All members of our village have a developed ability, usually from the time they are children.”
“Why would that be? Urian said he believes all people have the potential to develop an ability, but a village that is all ability users? That sounds like it would be hard to hide from normal people.” Nihlen said.
“It can be, but our home is built far away from others. We have a long standing tradition of isolationism, and we rarely work with outsiders. We have perfected a few ways to keep our village hidden...”
That sounds pleasant... Marina thought.
“So how can you help others develop their abilities?” Galen asked.
“Another difference of Inthule is there are many among my people who are dual ability users. However, the second ability these villagers have is a blood line ability our village has always possessed. We can touch the minds of people with developed abilities, sense them. Also, in people with undeveloped abilities, we can sometimes sense the ability inside them, and help them pull it to the surface. Possessing this ability is how we choose the elders, or leaders, of our village. Having this ability allows our village leaders to assist in the development of the next generation's abilities. Though one cannot usually sense all undeveloped abilities in all people, usually the spectrum of what each elder can sense is large enough that everyone's abilities will be sensed by at least one of the elders. Should we be lucky enough, I will be able to sense at least one of your abilities.”
“So you're going to become one of the elders of your village?” Marina asked.
“Yes. When I turn forty, I will take up my position within Inthule.” Shaila said.
“It sounds like you are important in your village. Why is it you are not there still training to become an elder? Is Urian also a member of Inthule?” Nihlen asked.
“Urian is not a member of Inthule. As he told you, information pertaining to him cannot be shared until your mental defenses are strong enough. As for your first question, it is why I am involved with Urian.” Her tone took a dark shift suddenly as she addressed the first question. “I have been given a task by our elders to take care of in the time I have left before I must return to Inthule. Six years ago, I was still in the middle of training to become an elder. My twin sister Helida trained with me. Every day we had worked hard, for so many years, to lead our village in the future. However, one day Inthule was suddenly bathed in flames. There was panic in the village, for Inthule has not been attacked for a very long time. When the source of the attack was discovered, we could not believe it. My sister, whom I'm sorry to say you met back in Cascadia, had betrayed us to Illian. The suddenness and complete shock left the village vulnerable. Many died in the attack, including several of the current elders, and our mother and father. Helida fled with the most sacred item of power our village possesses. It is known as Calgara's Amulet, and it has the unique ability to allow the creation of items of power at the cost of sacrificing the ability user's life. It is a truly dangerous item that cannot be left in the hands of a group such as Illian.”
“Takes abilities from a person...” Nihlen said, and Marina could see him connecting the dots. “It makes sense they would covet such an item. They wish for the Eye of Kings, and now at least I know how they plan to take it from me.”
“Yes, that is what we have surmised to be their objective.” Shaila said.
“So the fire woman was your sister... Why did she betray you?” Cal asked.
“Greed, desire for power, fear... I cannot say for sure. I have only encountered her two other times since that day six years ago. The reason matters not. I have been tasked by Inthule to bring back Calgara's Amulet, and make Illian and Helida pay for their crimes. I will make her pay for what's she's done...”
Marina recoiled slightly at the darkness which now emanated from Shaila. She seemed so happy and calm, but clearly this subject unnerved her. It's quite understandable though... How horrible. She thought.
“This is not related to the current situation though.” Shaila said, her voice back to normal. “I would like to begin examining each of you. It's a simple task, just a few moments of contact. Prince Nihlen, step up here first if you please.”
Nihlen moved to stand in front of Shaila. She placed her right hand over his forehead, as if she was taking his temperature. She looked into his eyes for several moments, then shook her head. “If you're a dual ability user, I am afraid I am unable to sense it.”
Nihlen nodded, stepping aside. Galen stepped up next. As with Nihlen, Shaila shook her head, and he stepped aside. Cal came next, but she solemnly shook her head once more, and Cal uttered a curse.
Shaila then turned to Marina, and beckoned her to step up. Marina tried to smooth her face as her nerves erupted within her stomach. I may suddenly discover my ability here and now... Yet suddenly I'm so nervous...
She took a deep breath, and stepped up in front of Shaila. When Shaila's hand pressed against her forehead, it was rather cold, startling her. It almost felt as if a river thrummed underneath Shaila's skin, coursing through her veins.
“This is...” Shaila suddenly said. She slid her hand down to the side of Marina's face, her other rising up to hold her other cheek. With Marina's head cupped in her hands, Shaila stared into her eyes. “Fascinating.”
“You can sense her ability?” Cal asked. He sounded quite nervous.
“I can. I've also never felt one like it before.” Shaila said, her voice growing serious. “It's evident she has an ability, and it's powerful. It feels like a bloodline ability, but also not. It's quite an enigma really. I will require more time to divine its nature further. First, I will set a task for the rest of you to work on in the mean time.”
Shaila broke eye contact with Marina, turning to the rest of their party. “Urian feels each of you will be instrumental in the future. I'm inclined to believe him. Therefore it is important we bring you all up to speed on abilities, and other important information. Before we can do that though, we must prepare you to defend the secrets of your mind from mental attacks.”
“Abilities are all supposed to be unique. How can we defend against a power we've yet to encounter?” Galen asked.
“Every ability is indeed unique, no matter how similar they may seem. However, regardless of how it gets there, the end result of a power which breaks into the mind is to steal memories, information, or take control of the mind. Taking this into account, one can prepare themselves by having complete control over their own mind. After that, it's just increasing your mental fortitude further and further until you can resist any touch to your mind, no matter the type of power. There is no guarantee, mind you, and there are probably abilities out there that can't be blocked. I doubt I could shut Urian out even if I wanted to. It has proved effective thus far though, so I will believe in what Urian says. I suggest you do the same.” Her last words rang with a stern warning. Not angry, but serious.
“I understand.” Galen said, inclining his head.
“While I work with Marina, I want you three to find somewhere quiet nearby and focus your mind. Quiet it, let go of all thoughts. Then do it over and over, until you can quiet your mind on command. Come to me when you think you can do this, and I will test you. Though I cannot read minds effectively, I can establish enough contact to know this much.”
The three shuffled off in different directions, leaving Marina and Shaila in the quiet of the camp.
“Shaila?” Marina asked hesitantly. “Is my ability powerful?”
“Why do you want a powerful ability?” Shaila asked.
Marina was caught off guard by the question. She recovered in a few moments though. “So that I can help Nihlen, take some of the burden off of him. I have caused him a lot of trouble, and I deeply regret it. Nihlen is a wonderful person, kind and strong. I want to help him take back what is rightfully his.”
“Noble, but good intent brought about by ill feelings such as guilt can do more harm than good sometimes.” Shaila said.
“Guilt...” Marina mulled over the word. “Yes, I feel guilty about my role in the attack on his kingdom. Though I did not know the scope of what was truly occurring, my role in it remains unchanged. How could it be wrong that I wish to help him to make it right?”
“Right and wrong are difficult things to establish. What I mean is that being tied to someone for a negative reason can breed trouble, even if you mean well. Do you believe Prince Nihlen keeps you with him because he feels you owe him? I believe you truly mean to help him, and that you will be indispensable to him. If that's how you feel, shed those feelings of guilt and throw yourself into a new reason to walk beside him. Even more than a powerful ability, doing this will help you help him.” Shaila said, taking Marina's head in her hands once more. “I meddle where I should not though, I apologize. It is a habit, as part of our training to become elders is to counsel members of the village.”
“No, your wisdom is appreciated Shaila.” Marina said, looking into her crystal blue eyes. A new reason to walk with him... “Is Inthule a large village?”
“I would say our people number around twenty thousand. I wouldn't doubt in the least if your group visits some day in the near future. It is a beautiful place.” Shaila said, her tone nostalgic. “Let us focus on the task at hand for now though. You will also need to work on the mental defense exercises in addition to working with your ability. You are going to be quite busy.”
Marina nodded, nervous. I'm already pretty tired from traveling all the time. I sure hope I can do this. She clenched her fist, thinking of Nihlen. I know I can.
“You may begin to feel light headed during the process this time. Ability divination exacts a certain mental toll, and the deeper one must dig, the more stress is put on the mind. If you feel you may lose consciousness you must tell me. Too much stress on the mind may cause adverse effects.” Shaila said, cupping Marina's face.
Instantly she felt Shaila prodding inside her mind. It was almost like an itch deep inside her head that she couldn't scratch. As Shaila dove into her mind, Marina experienced memories, sensations, and feelings at random. For a moment she even felt aware of a strange feeling she knew must be her ability.
“Your ability is definitely in the mind. I can't seem to venture any further in though. Your ability is swirling, changing. I've never encountered or heard of anything like this.”
“Is it bad?” Marina asked, worry crawling over her skin. Or was it her body going numb? I feel strange... She thought to herself, her thoughts muddled.
“No, it is not bad. I need more time to learn more though.” Shaila said, her eyes burning. She looked fascinated by what she was seeing.
Marina's eyes slipped into double vision as she stared back. Her ears were ringing and a cold sweat covered her. “Shai-” She began, before she toppled over. The fog had swallowed her up, confining her within herself.
***
Marina floated in a sightless and soundless darkness. Everything was blank. Nothing existed. She knew not what nothing even was. She simply floated, unaware. No thoughts skittered across her empty mind. In that all encompassing blackness. She didn't even know of her own existence.
Suddenly a small light flickered in the distance. As if a switch was flipped, her mind suddenly began working. Where am I? Who am I? She thought to herself.
“Remember...” A voice whispered in the darkness.
“Marina Elderol” She said aloud, her voice echoing in the shadow.
“Yes...” The voice hissed.
“Where am I?” She called into the darkness. “What has happened to me. Did I die during the divination?”
“You are not dead...” The voice whispered. It was silent for several moments. Then it continued. “Shaila, her divination opened the gate... You have retreated deep inside yourself.”
“Opened the gate?” Marina asked, puzzled. “Who are you?”
No whisper responded. Suddenly the darkness felt oppressive. Marina grabbed at her throat, suddenly feeling as if she was suffocating. “Who are you!” She screamed into the darkness.
Still there was only silence. Marina's chest burned, and her mouth gaped open and closed like a fish out of water. She could no longer draw breath at all. She fell to her knees, then crashed to her side. As she curled into a ball, her knees pulled up to her chin, a small whisper echoed in her ear.
“I am the past.”
***
With a gasp, Marina sat bolt upright. Her chest heaved as she drew breath, but then she stopped. The feeling of suffocation was no longer there. Her body felt completely fine.
“I told you to warn me if you began to feel light headed.” Shaila said in an authoritative tone. She grabbed Marina's face, looking into her eyes. “There doesn't seem to be any damage. You are very lucky.”
“I'm sorry. I was swept up in it before I really even knew what was going on.” Marina said apologetically. “Something... Weird happened though.”
“What happened?” Shaila asked quickly, her tone sounding suddenly worried.
“I was floating in complete darkness. I saw nothing, heard nothing, thought nothing. Then there was a light in the darkness, and I began thinking again. I couldn't remember who I was, or anything else. The voice whispered, and I remembered everything. I asked questions into the darkness... The whisper told me things, but I can't remember. I felt as if I was suffocating. I can't remember anything the voice said...”
Shaila eyed her silently for a long while. Marina looked silently back, unsure of what she should say. Does she think I'm crazy now?
Finally, Shaila took a deep breath. “This is quite enigmatic. I feel something strange about you, and your ability. But I think we have divined enough for one day. We will try again tomorrow, and see what we can learn. You should rest for the remainder of the day. I'm sure your body received a high amount of stress from this incident.”
“Thank you.” Marina said, rising off the ground. She made her way out of the camp and into the small forest.
She crept silently through the trees, searching for somewhere quiet she could rest her eyes. The more she had walked, the more exhausted she felt. Her mind was in a haze, as if she hadn't slept in weeks. She slumped against a tree, not sure if she could go on any further. When she looked ahead of her though, she saw Nihlen sitting against a tree not too far away. His eyes were closed, and he looked quite peaceful.
Marina smiled, and let her body slide down the trunk of the tree. She landed, rather ungracefully, onto the ground. Resting her head against the tree, she watched Nihlen as the cool air began lulling her to sleep. Before sleep could take her though, she flashed back to her conversation with Shaila.
I should follow him for a different reason...
With great effort, Marina suddenly pushed herself to her feet. She began stumbling across the forest, using trees for support along the way. As she neared, Nihlen's eyes opened.
“Marina, what-” Nihlen began, but his words were swallowed as Marina pitched forward. Nihlen rose quickly, catching her before she hit the ground. He laid her down gently, pressing a hand to her forehead. “Marina, what happened? Are you all right?”
“I'm all right.” She said thickly, grabbing the hand he had placed on her forehead with both of hers. “The divining process was quite tiring. Shaila told me to rest for the remainder of the day. I was looking for a place when I saw you. There's something I want to talk to you about.”
“I'm sure it can wait. Clearly you need to get some rest. I'll carry you back to the camp so you can sleep.” Nihlen said, reaching down to pick her up.
“Wait... Please.” She said thickly, gripping his hand. “I want to apologize one last time for what Cal and I did. For what I did...”
“Marina-” Nihlen began, but Marina cut him off.
“However, I don't want that to be the reason I follow you anymore. I want to help you restore your kingdom because I care about you. In the time we've spent traveling together, you've become important to me. I want to help you out of a sense of duty, but that is second to wanting to help you as a friend. It's just-”
“I understand.” Nihlen said, squeezing her hands with his own. “I also do not wish for us to be tied together for such a reason. It's much better to be friends.”
Suddenly she was rising into the air. Nihlen had picked her up, and held her close to his chest. Without a word he started back towards camp. Marina did not complain. She was already fast asleep, unable to keep her eyes open any longer.
***
The afternoon light was extremely bright on Marina's sleeping eyes. Its warmth began to pull her from the fog of sleep, comforting against the chill hanging within the small copse of trees they hid within. With a start, Marina sat up, realizing how late in the day it must be. Immediately thoughts of yesterday's events came rushing into her mind. She looked around the camp, but it was quiet. She was the only one still sleeping, and everyone else was gone.
She rose quickly, brushing sleep from her eyes. With another quick look around, she changed her clothes, and wandered over to their small cooking pit. There was a thick stew simmering on the fire, still warm. Suddenly ravenous, Marina dished up a healthy portion into her bowl, and sat down on a nearby log. She ate quickly and silently, looking around between bites for any sign of her comrades. Nervousness began to boil in her stomach. Has something happened to them?
Just then, Shaila entered the camp at a brisk pace.
“Good morning Marina.” She called as she walked toward the cooking pit. “Are you feeling all right? I want to examine you to make sure there was no damage from yesterday's divination.”
Marina nodded, her mouth full of food. She swallowed the large bite, and quickly emptied the rest of the bowl. When she was finished, Shaila beckoned her over, and placed her hands on Marina's cheeks.
“You're in perfect health.” Shaila said after a few moments. “No damage to your mind occurred, and your ability seems intact as well.”
“I'm glad to hear that. Sorry again for not saying anything. I'll be more prepared now.” Marina said. “Where are the others?”
“They are off meditating, working on defending their minds.” Shaila said. “Both Nihlen and Galen have made great progress in just one day. Either of them may complete the training within the next day or two.”
“What about Cal?” Marina asked.
“Cal is having trouble making progress.” Shaila stated honestly. “I've examined his mind, even while meditating, and it is a storm. You and him are close, are you not?” Marina nodded in response. “There is something he can't get off his mind, and it is a barrier to full control. Do you have any idea what may be wrong?”
Marina looked down at the ground. “It could be a lot of things to be honest. Cal has never wanted to be on this journey. Repeatedly he's tried to get me to back out. He's only along now because I refused to give in. He's bull headed, but he's protected me for a long time. In the end he gave up, and followed just so he could protect me. He may be afraid, or resent me for our current situation. It could be many other things.”
“I see...” Shaila said pensively. “Marina, are you and Cal related?”
Marina was surprised by the question. “Not by blood, but Cal has always been like a brother to me. We've been together since we ran away from forced servitude when we were children.”
“Does Cal also see you only as a sister?”
The question hung in the air. Marina had considered the thought a few times over the years. The way he looked at her wasn't always with the thoughts of brotherly love. “I don't know to be honest. I've never led him to believe I love him in that way.”
“Love is not a force that can be directed solely be the actions of a single individual. This may be a difficult thing to face, but it's impeding his progress. We need to be out of here soon, I won't be able to hide our presence forever. If everyone can't master this training, we will have no choice but to leave them behind. It's too dangerous to leave information in the hands of anyone who can't protect it.”
The last words hung heavy in Marina's heart. I couldn't imagine having to leave Cal behind... But what can I do? If I tell him I don't see him that way, he may leave anyways... Marina thought, a knot forming in her stomach.
“We will wait and see how he does today. I brought this up now so you would have time to consider what you want to do. For now, we will be taking a break from divination. Your power is too vast and complex for me to divine here and now. Instead, you will work on the mind training with the others. From what I can sense of your ability, you should have an affinity for this training. You may even be the first to complete it. Head out somewhere nearby, and meditate. Try to suppress all thoughts. Once you can quiet your mind instantly, find something you can focus on. Something simple that doesn't conjure up any other thoughts. This can be difficult, but if you search your mind enough, you will find something that will work for you.” Shaila said.
Marina nodded, rising from her seat. She picked a direction at random, and moved out of the camp. It only took a few minutes to find a suitable place, a densely shaded thicket of trees with a small clearing, a fallen log near the middle. She sat down, and took a deep breath. As she closed her eyes, and tried to quiet her mind, her ears buzzed with the bounding footsteps of her inner thoughts. She took another deep breath, and tried to force the torrent of her mind down. Thoughts of home, her past, her future, Cal, Nihlen, and many other things toppled one over another, each vying for her attention.
She shook her head a few times, as if her thoughts were water in her ears, to be forced out as such. She slapped her cheeks a couple times. “Focus!” She began concentrating as hard as she could, trying to force the thoughts under. The harder she focused though, the louder the thoughts seemed. She stood up, and began pacing around.
I can't do it... Shaila said I have an affinity for this, but I'm not seeing it. What is it I'm supposed to do? I don't understand!
“Marina...” Shaila suddenly called, making Marina jump in surprise. “You're trying much too hard. You're thinking about stopping your thoughts, which is getting you wound up much too tight. This isn't an exercise of concentration, though it may seem to be on the surface. In fact, this first part of the training is the exact opposite. You must let go of everything, even the thought of clearing your mind. Complete emptiness. To get it, you must relax, and let go.”
“How did you know I was struggling so much already? I just started.” Marina asked, her heart still thumping from being startled.
“In your distress your thought projection surged. Even with my weak mind reading skills I was able to pick it up.” Shaila said, her face turning serious. “That is very dangerous. The truth is, of everyone in this group right now, you present the most danger to mind readers.”
“What?” Marina asked, taken aback. “But in the camp you said I should have an affinity for this sort of thing. My ability is in the mind as well right?”
“You will have an affinity for this training. However, in these early stages your ability is like a double edged sword. Your mind is more receptive to mental contact than that of others without these types of abilities. Without the necessary skills to defend yourself, you can be detected from further away, and your mind more easily penetrated by another ability user. Like any other user, your physical and emotional state will affect your ability. Just as fear, anger, or love can make people physically stronger in times of duress, abilities will surge in the same way. When you feel those types of emotions, like you just were, and aren't able to control your thought projection, you could easily lead enemies to our group without even knowing.”
Marina sat down, hugging herself with her arms. “So if I can't do this, I will also be left behind?”
“Do not despair. I did not tell you these things with that in mind. This is something all ability users go through in one way or another. For people with mental abilities, it's vulnerability while their powers develop. Normally we wouldn't have to worry about something like this, but considering our current circumstances we do.” Shaila said, and as she talked, she moved over to the log and sat down next to Marina. “I wanted to let you try to clear your mind yourself, and see how it went. As I thought, your mind is a torrent, just like Cal's. I suppose it's ultimately because Nihlen and Galen have received extensive training in many areas throughout their lives. For you, and Cal as well I think, I am going to suggest a different method.”
“What should I do?” Marina asked.
“When I worked on this training I was around twelve years old. Being a child, obviously I wanted to go play, or do anything else besides something as boring as meditating. My mother, who also taught Helida and I to use our abilities, tried her best to teach me, but to no avail. Months passed, much longer than such training should take. Eventually she gave up on having me clear my mind. Instead, she told me to skip that step, and try to find the thought that would be my mental stopper. It's an unconventional method, but once I found it, it became easier to clear my mind of other thoughts and leave only that one. I believe we should try this now as well. If you can't silence your mind, then we will put your thoughts to work so you can find the thought that will become your defense.”
“What kind of thought?” Marina asked.
“It's hard to say.” Shaila answered. “It differs for each person. The key is that it's something another ability user can't grasp onto and reach further into your mind. Even thoughts that seem inconsequential can lead to other thoughts like a chain. It needs to be something you almost never think of, something that relates to yourself in almost no way. This presents a unique challenge, as the more distant from ones-self a thought is, the harder it is to conjure up. Do not try to force it though. Calmly let your mind wander wherever it wishes, as if you were floating down a river with no paddle. You will know a suitable thought once you encounter it. When you feel you've found it, come and see me. If it seems to work we will return to the previous step.”
“I will try.” Marina said.
Shaila then rose from the log, and disappeared back into the trees. Marina turned on the log, and laid back. She closed her eyes, and began to allow her mind to wander. Hours passed, and her mind traveled through many different memories. Her early childhood years, with her family, before they were separated. She hadn't thought of those times in many years. The warmth and love she had once known had been buried by the years of struggling that followed. She thought of the house she and Cal had just bought, and wondered if it would still be waiting for her when she returned. If she ever did. She thought of Cal, and Shaila's words about his probable true feelings. She thought of Nihlen too, and the feelings she had developed, and was still developing, toward him.
Afternoon turned to evening, and evening to night. In those hours, Marina still hadn't moved. Thoughts still skittered in all that time. From consequential to inconsequential. She couldn't remember a time she had thought so much about her life. She had never realized all the unaddressed thoughts bouncing in her head. As her thoughts began to wind down, she sat up. Her body was extremely stiff after hours of lying on the log. She rubbed her eyes, and stretched. At that moment, one last new thought whispered in her mind. It was a memory she couldn't place, of a time she couldn't remember. An image appeared in her mind. It was as clear to her as if she were looking at it carved into one of the nearby trees. It looked as if countless tree branches had grown together, twisting and twining around one another. In the center, where the branches met, they grew as if a single tree created from the branches of many others. The twisted branches formed the trunk, and a canopy of golden leaves spread out from the top.
Smiling to herself, Marina started back toward camp. She knew the tree was the memory she needed, and was eager to share her discovery with Shaila and the others. As she entered the camp, she found everyone else already gathered around Shaila sitting in a half circle.
“I had a feeling you would be coming soon.” Shaila said, glancing toward Marina. “It's time for me to test your progress so far. Prince Nihlen, if you would come forward first.”
Nihlen rose, and moved the short distance to sit in front of Shaila. She placed her hands on his cheeks, and looked into his eyes. “You're nearly there. Your image is sound, but it's distorted by other thoughts, though much less than yesterday. Good work. Galen, you next.”
Nihlen and Galen quickly switched places. “Yes, much better as well Galen. This training is much more difficult the older you become, but you are progressing well. Cal, if you please.”
Galen moved out of the way quickly, but Cal took his time shuffling up to sit in front of her. “I see the making of an image, but it's blurred, and caught in a torrent of other thoughts. You're still not there.”
Wordlessly, Cal rose. Instead of returning, he stalked off into the trees. Marina rose to follow him, but Shaila put up a hand. “Leave him be for now. It's your turn for examination.”
Marina tore her gaze from the trees, and moved to sit in front of Shaila. As she placed her hands on her cheeks, Marina pictured the tree she had seen, clearing her mind of all other thoughts.
“Wonderful!” Shaila exclaimed, pulling her hands back. “Your image is solid and clear. I found no other traces of thoughts. That image though, I feel like I've seen it before.” She paused for a moment. “That is unimportant though. You have completed the training.”
“Great job Marina!” Nihlen exclaimed, clapping her on the back. Galen nodded his approval as well.
Marina quickly thanked them, before jumping to her feet. “I'm going to go check on Cal.”
She wandered off into the trees in the direction Cal had left. The sounds of the camp quickly faded, replaced with the almost loud silence of the wilds, punctured occasionally by the sounds of its inhabitants. Marina peered through the trees, but in the growing darkness of night, it was hard to see much further ahead. She strained her senses to pick up on any sign of Cal's location.
She saw a shadow move between two trees.
“Cal?” She called tentatively.
A branch broke somewhere in the trees behind her, and she whirled around, trying to spot the source.
“Cal?” She called again, her voice shaking slightly. She suddenly had a very bad feeling.
Without warning, something crashed into her with amazing force. She stumbled forward, a heavy weight on her back. She felt claws digging into her flesh, blood trickling warm and thick down her skin. She still had not regained her balance, and half-fell into a tree, trying to catch herself. She bounced off though, unable to catch the additional weight she now felt. She slammed hard into the moist ground of the forest, the breath rushing out of her.
A heavy weight stood on her back, and musty breath crawled over her shoulder. She tried to turn and see what held her down, but she wasn't strong enough. Whatever it was, with its claws digging into her back, she was unable to move.
Panicked, she screamed. Her high pitched cry cut through the darkness, but the creature was unfazed. She felt sharp pain, claws leaving her back, and more blood poured out. She tried to push herself up, but her muscles weren't working. She turned her head left and right, trying to gain sight of the creature. Then she saw it.
It was massive, at least the size of a full grown man, even on all fours. It was covered in long, silver fur that shined like the moonlight. As it looked at her, it bared its massive jaws. Teeth like daggers lined its mouth, and its golden eyes said it was hungry. Clearly she was its next meal.
It closed in slowly, never taking its sharp eyes away from her. Marina tried to push herself up, but she still couldn't. Her injuries, and now a heavy dose of fear, had locked her muscles. It moved forward until it was looming over her, lowering its head to end its prey's life and enjoy its meal. A low snarl escaped its jaws, and then it lunged forward.
Marina cried out, trying to curl herself into safety. She closed her eyes, and waited for what she thought was the end.
No end came though.
She opened her eyes to find her vision obscured not by the giant creature, but by a human. It was Cal. He stood in front of her, each hand gripping the top and bottom of the beast's jaws. The beast growled and snarled, but it could not seem to force Cal down, or its jaw to snap shut.
“Cal!” Marina exclaimed, a tear leaking from her eye. She had thought she was going to die for sure.
Cal didn't turn, but continued struggling with the beast. The two stared one another down, trying to establish superiority over the other. The beast's growls grew into primal snarls as the two tested their strength. With a sudden grunt, Cal picked the animal up off the ground, and threw it. It slammed into a tree, a high pitched whine escaping from it.
The beast was only momentarily phased though, easily landing on its feet. Angry with interference just as it had caught dinner, the animal bared its teeth, growling loudly at Cal. It then bounded forward with amazing speed for its size, hurtling right toward Cal.
The beast slammed its head into Cal, and began pushing him backward. He grunted with effort, and slowly the pushing ceased. The two pushed against one another, a battle of strength between man and nature. With one hand, Cal grabbed the beast by the throat. With a yell, he forced his arm up, throwing the beast into a standing position on its hind legs. He then rushed forward, picking the beast up by the stomach with his shoulder. He carried the beast until they slammed into a tree. As they slammed into the trunk, it cried in pain. Then its head came down, and its massive jaws snapped onto Cal's other shoulder. Cal gave no sign the injury hurt him. With his free hand, he began slamming his fist into the underside of the beast. Hit after hit the creature took, but it refused to release its grip on Cal, his new enemy.
Suddenly, a cold feeling washed over Marina, and she knew Nihlen and the others were coming. Thank goodness... She thought, as her head suddenly began spinning. She was near losing consciousness from the pain and bleeding.
“Marina!” Nihlen yelled from behind her. Within seconds, she felt his hand on her back. “Shaila, hurry! She's lost a lot of blood. Tend to her while I go help Cal!”
“No, wait.” Marina said faintly, trying to reach his arm to stop him. “Cal will be all right. I can feel it. This is something he wants to take care of by himself.”
Nihlen looked to Cal, and then down at her. “Are you sure? He could die. That's a skelt, and they are very dangerous creatures.”
“He'll be fine.” Marina said confidently.
“What are you waiting for?” Galen said suddenly from behind her. “He's in danger, we have to go help him!”
“Marina says to let him handle it. I trust her.” Nihlen said, sitting on the ground beside her.
A jolt of pain in her back made Marina cry out. Without a word, Shaila began tending to the wound. Trying her best to ignore the burning, sickening pain, Marina turned her attention back to Cal and the skelt.
Its massive jaws were still clamped around Cal's shoulder, which was leaking a lot of blood, and Cal was still beating its soft underside with his fist. Marina could see sweat forming on Cal's brow, though she wasn't sure if it was from the pain, or from physical exertion. Maybe both.
With a sudden yell, Cal drew back his fist, and slammed it into the creature. The force was so great, the trunk of the tree behind the beast cracked. Furiously yelling, Cal continued pummeling the skelt with all his might, each hit cracking the tree trunk further. With each strike, Marina could see the jaws of the massive beast beginning to loosen. Five more hits, and the beast had released its jaws from Cal's shoulder, and it howled in pain. With one final yell, Cal struck the skelt once more. With a resounding crack, the tree splintered, and began to fall. The skelt went back with it, and both crashed to the ground, filling the quiet glade with a massive explosion. The skelt then rolled off the felled tree, motionless on the forest floor.
Cal sank to his knees, breathing heavily. He stared at the beast, his chest heaving. Still it gave no sign of rising.
“Nihlen, Galen, bring Cal back to camp! His shoulder will need to be looked at immediately! I've stopped the bleeding here, and will bring Marina back. Let's go!” Shaila barked, as Nihlen and Galen scrambled to follow her orders.
“Is he going to be all right?” Marina asked faintly.
“He is strong. As long as we stop the bleeding he will be fine. It doesn't appear to be a life threatening injury. You should worry about yourself for the time being.” Shaila said.
Marina sighed with relief, and rested her head on the cold ground. Suddenly it began to grow colder though. Marina opened her eyes, and looked down. Water was seeping up from the ground below, lifting her up like a cushion. The water washed over her back, and the cool temperature brought some relief on her sizzling back. Shaila started walking back toward camp, and the cushion of water bearing Marina began to follow.
Behind them, Marina could hear the sounds of Galen and Nihlen grunting as they bore Cal's weight between them. From what she could see, Cal appeared to have lost consciousness. A jolt of pain suddenly wracked her, and she allowed her body to become limp. The water below her was more comfortable than any bed she had ever slept in. She probably would fall asleep if not for all the pain she felt.
“We need to leave here immediately.” Shaila said as they entered camp.
“I thought we had to remain until our minds could safely repel any attacks?” Galen called, as he began examining Cal's shoulder injury.
“It's definitely not ideal. Urian instructed me to train you until it was safe to tell you everything, but that doesn't seem possible now.” Shaila responded.
“Why not?” Nihlen asked.
“You correctly identified that beast as a skelt. Do you remember their natural habitat from your studies?” Shaila asked.
Nihlen was silent while he contemplated her question. “I believe they live deep in the mountains...” He was silent once more as comprehension dawned on him. “Which means, that skelt was far away from its natural habitat. Cascadia is only one mountain, not the type they would like.”
“Precisely.” Shaila said. “Though nearly impossible to tame, skelt are some of the greatest tracking beasts. Someone is searching for us, and if they have skelt at their disposal, I won't be able to hide us here much longer.”
“I see...” Galen said. “So what do we do now?”
“We have no choice but to press on. It seems you all will have to wait until we reach Elharlia to learn any more about our current situation. We should be quite safe once we have contacted Karishian.”
“Do you know Karishian?” Nihlen asked.
“Not personally.” Shaila said, as she started tending Marina's wound. “I was hoping to be able to explain everything, including how the most wanted man in the world fits into the whole picture. For now though, all I can do is ask that you remain patient for a while longer. As soon as it is safe for me to do so, I will tell you everything I can. For now we should break camp, and get moving. They may already be headed here to search.”
Nihlen and Galen nodded, and began moving around their camp breaking it down. Shaila silently finished tending Marina's back, and bandaged her up. “Do you think you'll be able to ride?”
“I'll be fine.” Marina lied. Her back was on fire, and even thinking of getting up sent pain shooting down her nerves.
She began pushing herself up, burying the pain deep within herself. There was no time to sit around if they were being pursued. With a will reinforced with iron, Marina began helping the others break down camp. They were nearly finished before Cal finally regained consciousness.
Marina turned toward him just as he started coming to. As soon as he saw her, he lunged to his feet. As he rose, his body twisted in pain from his shoulder wound, and he fell to one knee.
“Cal!” Marina said, helping him steady himself. “I'm so glad you're all right!”
“What about you?” He asked frantically, his eyes sliding over her bandaged upper body. “Are you all right?”
“I'm fine.” Marina said gently. “You saved me before anything really bad happened.”
“Thanks goodness.” Cal said, wincing from his injured shoulder.
“That was some battle Cal.” Nihlen called from the other side of the camp. “If you hadn't been there, something terrible may have happened.”
“To think he fought a skelt bare handed, and defeated it. You have truly come a long way.” Galen chimed in. “That's not something a lot of people can say they've done.”
Cal waved his hand in thanks, looking around the camp. “Are we leaving tonight?”
“Yes.” Shaila said. “That skelt was not a natural occurrence. Someone is looking for us, and it would be better to avoid contact at this point. We absolutely must reach Elharlia. We can't risk being caught before then.”
Just then, a branch cracked. Everyone tensed, looking for the source of the noise, hands resting on weapons. Two people had appeared in the center of the camp, but they were not enemies.
“Urian! What are you doing here?” Shaila asked incredulously.
“Hello Shaila, I'm happy to see you were able to rendezvous successfully with the Prince and his companions. Were there any problems with Helida? I've heard Cascadia is in quite a state since then.” Urian said. Shaya peeked over the old man's shoulder for a brief second at Shaila, before disappearing from sight once more.
“I wish I had arrived sooner, she had rampaged quite a lot before I made it. I was able to drive her away with minimal problems.” Shaila reported. “However, just minutes ago we had a run in with a skelt. Is your sudden visit related in some way?”
“It is I'm afraid.” Urian said, his tone growing serious. “Things are progressing worse than we had anticipated.”
“Do you know who the beast belonged to?” Galen asked. “Is it Illian?”
“I do not believe so, though I can't rule out the possibility. However, the evidence I have been able to gather seems to point in a different direction. I believe your current pursuers are under the employ of Rinh.”
“Rinh!?” Nihlen exclaimed, barely able to retain his composure. “How have they tracked us this far? We should have left them behind when we crossed the sea to Leoradan!”
“We had hoped so, but this doesn't seem to be the case. Allow me to share everything I've come to tell you, then you may understand more.” Urian said, taking a seat. “King Erian Rinh has finally communicated with the outside world. He has demanded that all other nations submit to his rule under the banner of Askrah. Also, he has named you a wanted fugitive, to be captured and returned to Draven immediately. If his demands are not met, he will bring them about by force. This proclamation just reached my ears minutes ago. Within days I'm sure a summit will be called to answer this. The rulers of other lands will discuss their opinions and options, though forming a consensus may prove quite difficult.”
“He can't be serious though, can he?” Galen asked. “It's true Draven is one of the most powerful nations, but surely he does not believe he could march against the rest of the world and bring them under his thumb by force.”
“I wouldn't be so sure.” Shaila said. “We are not talking about conventional warfare. A single ability can turn the tide of a battle, and we don't know what abilities Rinh has at its disposal. An army without ability users, no matter the size, could easily be obliterated. This era is moving, and the secret of abilities is becoming known to the masses. Would you be able to convince your soldiers to march to their death against people like us?”
“Shaila is absolutely right. Cascadia is a prime example. Helida's attack was on such a scale people were unable to doubt their eyes. Word is now spreading like wildfire around the world. The great trading city of Cascadia, destroyed by a fire wielding human. Some will discount the stories at first, but it's only a matter of time until people have no choice but to acknowledge abilities, and what they mean. You can bet if they didn't know about abilities before, all the world leaders know of them now. They will be even more afraid to get involved with the subjugation of Draven, especially if they have no ability users of their own.” Urian said.
“So what do we do now?” Nihlen asked.
“There is nothing we can do yet.” Urian said. “Right now, it is indeed Rinh who has the upper hand. That is why you must reach Elharlia. The Eye of Kings is the only power that can stand up to the Eye of Gods. Erian is aware of this as well though. He will stop at nothing to make sure you disappear from this world. Which brings us back to my original point. It would be safe to assume there are agents of Rinh trailing you. They have been tracking you since you left Askrah. I'm also afraid I must report one other thing... Jaylin Pascel was murdered.”
The shock of the words hit Marina like she had been tackled, the air completely leaving her body.
Nihlen fell to his knees, punching his fist into the ground. “He died because of me... Because I went to him for help. They tracked me there, and killed him... Jaylin... I'm so sorry...”
“I'm sorry to have to be the one to tell you this. Jaylin helped you even though he knew the danger. If it weren't for him, you would have never escaped the island. He placed the future of your kingdom above himself. He will be sorely missed...” Urian said.
Nihlen... Marina thought, frozen at the sight of his grief. Tears welled up in her eyes as she thought of her brief encounter with Jaylin. He took us in, and saved us. Without a question at all. To think he's... The tears spilled over, and Marina sobbed into her hands.
“I'm afraid I must also apologize again.” Urian said, rising from the seat he had taken. “After laying that on you, I must place yet another burden on you.” In an instant the old man disappeared, reappearing in front of Marina. “You must come with me for now. There's no time to explain. Shaila, I'll trust you to take care of the rest.”
Urian then reached out and grabbed Marina, and they vanished from the camp.





Chapter 19


Howl


“Marina!” Nihlen yelled, sprinting to where she had been standing just moments before. “What is he doing? He kidnapped her!”
Cal howled with rage, his chest heaving in anger.
“I'm going after them!” Nihlen yelled, running for his things. He slung his halberd onto his back, and turned to run for Palata.
“Wait Prince Nihlen, you must calm yourself! There must be a good reason for Urian's actions!” Shaila said, trying to reassure him, but to no avail.
“A good reason?” Cal spat, running for his own weapon. “I agree with Nihlen! We should chase him down and take her back!”
“He teleported away! How do you presume to follow him? Besides, have you forgotten our current predicament? You must trust him for now!” Shaila exclaimed.
“How can I trust him? I only met him when we arrived in Cascadia! The trouble surrounding us has only increased since then! How do I know that was even the real Urian? Or that the real one is even on my side? It's the same with you even! If he's on my side, why would he take Marina with no word? Why would you stop us from pursuing him?”
“I try to stop you because you're wrong!” Shaila shouted, her voice full of authority. Her tone was strong, and it bit strongly into Nihlen's swarming rage. “That was the real Urian, no question about it. The girl, Shaya, she has the ability to teleport. That is an ability I doubt any other living person possesses. It is an ability rarely seen in written history. As for abducting Marina, I cannot say. Whether you believe it or not though, he has her interests in mind by taking her. That's all I can say. Urian knows more than anyone else about everything that is happening. I've done all I can to earn your trust. I didn't ask for this unexpected development. That doesn't change the fact that we're all in danger right now, and we just lost a member of our fighting force. Are you going to help us survive this, or should I just leave you behind now?”
Nihlen bit back his anger, though it was a rough internal fight to do so.
“The next time I see that old man...” Cal said, punching one fist into the other.
“Good.” Shaila said, relaxing some. “Thanks to Urian, we can basically assume there will be danger waiting for us as soon as we leave this glade. When we encounter the enemy, you all must follow my instructions. My ability knows no friend or foe, all are equal before its power. I would hate to see you get hurt...”
Cal and Nihlen shared a glance, and nodded.
“Lets finish packing, and load up the horses. We'll leave them just inside the glade up ahead.” Shaila said, as she began to gather up Marina's items.
As Nihlen began packing his items, his mind began to burn again. Urian... What are you doing? Why did you take Marina? When will we see her again?
He quickly packed up, ready to set off. At least up ahead would be a target he could release his frustration on.
“Lets go.” Shaila called as they finished the last of the packing. “Lead your horses. We could be attacked at any time.”
They began their trek through the glade.
Nihlen peered around them. The glade was silent in the twilight, broken only occasionally by a small animal moving through the trees, or skittering along the ground. It was cool, and it felt good against the heat that rolled off him from his anger. Nihlen dipped into the eye's power, and spread out his senses. He couldn't detect anyone in the vicinity of the glade. Suddenly at the edge of the glade there was movement, and something large moved back quickly.
“There's definitely something just outside the glade. It's an animal of some sort. It felt me sense it and withdrew instantly. It was definitely rather large as well. I have a bad feeling about it.” Nihlen said to the others.
“Whatever it is, I'll smash it to bits. Then that old man better bring her back. I'm going to find him if he doesn't, mission or not.” Cal seethed.
“We can worry about all that after we get out of here.” Shaila said.
They left the horses near the edge of the glade, walking ahead cautiously. As they exited the glade, they stopped, and looked around. Outside the glade was a large open field. Mountains in the distance were all that broke the clear, starry sky that stretched to the horizon.
Then there was movement to the right. Nihlen's head swung. There stood another skelt. Solid black, and at least half again as big as the one they had encountered earlier. Its massive jaws were bared, teeth like daggers, as it growled defiantly at them. There was more movement all around them, and they were quickly surrounded by seven more of the beasts, all different sizes and colors. All had their jaws bared, and all were growling menacingly.
“Stand down boys.” A deep voice called.
Nihlen's head swung straight ahead. Standing next to one of the skelt was a tall man. He wore a coat made of a fur not unlike that of the beast he stood next to. His face was obscured by a wide brimmed hat, a large fang on a chain hanging down in front of the man's face.
One of the beasts sat on its haunches, and the growling ceased, but each of the beasts still eyed their prey with high killing intent.
“A tamer... That's quite fascinating.” Shaila said, her voice composed. If she was surprised by the current situation, she wasn't letting on about it. “An affinity for skelt even, that's quite a feat. Many tamers could never control even one, but here you have eight obeying you perfectly.”
“It's rare to be complimented by the enemy.” The man said, flashing a smile from beneath the brim of his hat. “You exude a certain power yourself. Are you not afraid of the beasts before you?”
“They are not the only thing to be feared.”
The man burst into laughter, turning to pet one of the beasts he stood by. “That is a wise statement though. There are many things to fear. Lately though that fear has been increased! When I marched these beasts across Askrah behind King Erian Rinh, I saw more fear than I'd ever seen before!”
“So you are not from Illian, but sent by Rinh. There are truly so many powerful enemies to deal with...” Shaila said, a weary tone in her voice.
“Why do you sound so weak woman? You were exuding power moments ago! Have you tired of it already? It is just beginning! People will develop abilities at an unprecedented rate once King Rinh unites all lands beneath Askrah! The fight to bring everyone there will be miraculous!” The man cried.
Nihlen ground his teeth as he listened to the man. “How many of my people did you kill as you followed Erian?” He asked flatly.
The man stopped stroking the beast, turning back toward them slightly. “I killed no one. The boys here killed those who resisted. Those were the best ones...”
“How dare you!” Nihlen roared, power from the eye exploding from his body. “You control the beasts! Do not play it off as an act of nature! You still wish to laugh at them?”
Nihlen pulled his halberd from his back. He cocked it back like a spear, and threw it forward with all his might. The halberd smashed through the skull of the skelt the man was petting, burying itself out of sight in the beast's bulk. With a soundless shudder, the beast fell.
The man knelt next to the fallen beast, gently touching its fur. “I will make you regret that boy. You seek to teach me a lesson? Destroy what is important to me in revenge? Perhaps even make me see the error of my ways? Don't make me laugh! You killed our comrade. We would destroy you any other time... But even after a transgression such as this, I must bring you back alive. For the time being.”
“I will take care of Rinh in the future. Going with you now, however, will not happen. I'll die here before you leave this place alive! I will put you to rest for the sake of those you killed with Rinh!” Nihlen spat.
“I will take you from here boy, make no mistake. Your companions, however, are not so fortunate. The boys are quite hungry from our journey, you see.” The man said.
“Cal! Nihlen! Galen! I will deal with the skelt! You must deal with him! Be cautious, he is powerful!” Shaila called as an ethereal blue glow began to surround her. Water began to jet from the ground, causing an improvised rain on the immediate area.
“You have to be kidding...” The man said, placing one hand on his hat to adjust it. “An elemental user? Rinh neglected to mention this... Or maybe he didn't know?” The man shrugged his shoulders, smirking. “Either way, he'll be paying me a lot more for my services here this evening!”
The man emitted a high pitched whistle, and the skelt surrounding them attacked. As the beasts closed in, Nihlen, Cal, and Galen stepped back to back.
Too many... Nihlen thought, eyes darting between the beasts. He raised his back-up weapon, a short sword, defensively, searching for the beast who would reach him first. Before any did, water erupted from the ground, encircling the three of them. The jets caught the skelt mid jump, and tossed them high into the air.
“Drive him away from here! I'll hold the beasts here when they land! Focus your all on him or you will die!” Shaila called, more geysers erupting from the ground.
With a quick nod, the three rushed the man. Nihlen glanced at the beast containing his halberd, but passed it by. As they drew near, the man drew two daggers from his belt. With a clash of metal, the man caught both Cal and Nihlen's blows, as stable as a mountain.
Impossible... Nihlen thought, recoiling from the blow. Even Cal and his great sword. With a dagger and one hand! This man is very dangerous!
“Cal.” Nihlen said flatly, backing up. Cal and Galen followed him.
“I know, this is pretty bad. Attacking him was like hitting a wall. What should we do?” Cal asked.
“Rush him. Galen and I will support you. Attack without reserve, I'll dodge your blows. If we can't get him off balance, we'll have no chance of driving him out of here.” Nihlen said, looking over his shoulder. The skelt had returned to land, and were being subdued by Shaila. Water in the shape of a hand held each beast pinned to the ground. They thrashed and growled, glowering and baring their fangs toward Shaila. “I'm not sure how long she can hold them down. We have to do something quickly.”
“I'm amazed she's holding all seven of them down myself. She is truly fearsome. Frankly, I'm a little disappointed though that I have the company of you three instead of her.” The man said, smirking from under the brim of his hat. “I can guarantee that won't last forever though. She will tire eventually, and long before the boys I'm sure. I guess they'll enjoy her company instead.”
“Go.” Nihlen said, drawing from the eye. He drew deep, until pain throbbed deep within his head. The world slowed though, and he felt power coursing through him. He followed right behind Cal, who hefted his giant sword as he ran. Galen veered off, circling around behind the man. With a yell, Cal jumped into the air, bringing the blade above his head. He sliced down as he descended toward the man. Once again, seemingly without any difficulty, the man had caught Cal's attack.
There! Nihlen thought, seeing his chance to attack. With both hands catching Cal's great sword, he was completely exposed.
Nihlen darted around Cal, readying his sword to strike. He was just preparing to attack, when a dagger suddenly appeared in his vision. For a second it seemed to move as fast as he was, only slowing like the rest of the world right in front of his face. An involuntary reaction of jerking his head aside saved him from the attack, but he stumbled, and slammed into the ground hard. Galen had reached the man at the same time, but with a swift backward kick Galen had been floored.
“Your power is more developed than Rinh led me to believe... I suppose I have the woman to thank for that as well. This job is becoming a pain. I should renegotiate the terms when I get back...” The man said. With a grunt, the man threw Cal's sword up, knocking him off balance. As he stumbled back, the man stepped forward, and kicked Cal in the chest. The force of the blow sent Cal head over heels backward, slamming him repeatedly into the ground. “He should be finished now.” The man said, laughing.
His laughing suddenly cut off though, as he began to choke. He fell to his knees, coughing and clutching his throat. Water was spilling over his lips, and Nihlen noticed the lid to the man's water skin had been removed. Shaila had chocked him with his own water.
“Now Nihlen!” Shaila yelled.
Snapping the power flow from the Eye back on, Nihlen surged forward. He pulled his sword back and readied for the attack.
“That woman.” The man rasped, suddenly right in front of Nihlen. His vision was obscured, and he felt himself swept off his feet. A moment later his head felt like it was exploding. Stars danced in front of his eyes, obscuring all of his vision. He had no idea what had happened.
“Attacking me in such a way, even while dealing with seven skelt. You must really be trying to piss me off.”
Nihlen's head swam. Pain throbbed in his head. The world was spinning, and he knew he was in danger of losing consciousness.
“There's no way you'll be able to hold me off without your entire concentration though. Even if it were one on one, you may not be able to win. Either way, it's my win today. This will all end once you're dead.”
A sudden yell pulled at Nihlen's senses. That's Cal... He thought thickly. Did he get up after that attack? Nihlen shifted, trying to push himself up off the ground. His arms were shaking, and his vision still hadn't cleared. He closed his eyes, and searched with the Eye of Kings.
Cal had converged on the man, and was hammering away at his defense. Galen had joined him, furiously attacking. Shaila still held all seven beasts pinned to the ground, but he could sense her energy waning. The beasts could struggle for a long time yet. He shook his head again, trying desperately to clear his vision.
As it came back into focus, Nihlen noticed he had blood on his hands. He touched his face, and felt a stream of it running down. He wiped his hands on his clothes, and picked up his sword from nearby. He tried to run toward the man, but he stumbled, and his vision began to blur again. He stumbled forward, but held himself up by sticking the sword in the ground. Cal and Galen were still attacking relentlessly, and the man hadn't shown any notice of Nihlen approaching. Cal brought his sword down on the man, who caught it easily with both daggers. He then sidestepped Galen's attack from behind. Cal pushed down with all his might, trying to force his way through the man's defense.
“You can't beat me!” The man yelled, pushing back. “The boys and I will complete our job!”
“Not today I'm afraid.” Shaila retorted.
A jet of water erupted from the ground, below the man's right foot. The unexpected attack threw the man backward off balance. His hat flew off as he fell back, revealing two empty eye sockets. Waiting behind him was Nihlen, sword ready to end the battle. It pierced through the man's back, running him clean through the heart.
The man gasped, writhing on the sword. He stumbled and fell, sliding off the sword onto the ground. He was dead before he landed. As their master fell still, the skelt stopped struggling. As one they raised their heads to look up to the sky, and they howled one long, solitary note.
A note of lamentation.





Chapter 20


Void


With the death of the skelt tamer, the troubles of that night had ceased. The beasts fled without so much as another growl, and after retrieving their horses, the group had began riding north once more toward Elharlia.
They rode quietly in the moonlight, the night air around them warm and still. An ideal night for traveling. Inside Nihlen's heart though, a storm raged. The sudden disappearance of Marina left a void inside him. The shadows of his fear spread out once again, and despair rode in the saddle behind him, holding his waist like an inexperienced rider. A quick glance back at Cal confirmed he had similar thoughts of traveling without Marina. Shaila rode at the head of the group. She had not looked at them or spoken a word since they had departed. She was probably exhausted since she had done almost all the work in the previous battle.
Even through his anger, Nihlen could not help but respect and admire Shaila since that last battle. She exuded power, managing to contain so many skelt and still help them fight. I hope I can become as powerful as she is. No, even more so... I'll never succeed unless I'm the strongest. Nihlen thought, as he watched Shaila riding straight backed. I'm glad she was there though. There's no way we would have survived that encounter without her...
“Shaila.” Nihlen called, pulling out his most noble voice. “I don't like that Urian took Marina without so much as a warning. Nor do I like all the secrecy you both have displayed until now.” Shaila turned to face him then, an eyebrow cocked in response to his words. “However, I don't like anything about the current situation, and that won't change it. Back there, we would have died without your help, no question about it. I'm not sure about any of this, but you earned my respect in that battle back there. For now I will trust in what you say. Know this however. If Marina has been harmed in any way, I will make you both pay for it.”
“Duly noted Prince Nihlen.” Shaila said, inclining her head. “You are wise to question. I certainly would in your situation. When we reach Elharlia, and meet with Karishian, all will be made clear, and you will understand.”
“How can you simply accept this? They've taken her!” Cal yelled from the back. “She is powerful, but that doesn't make her truthful! We should be searching for her, not plodding along like nothing is wrong!”
“I feel she is honest.” Nihlen stated truthfully. “She saved us at Cascadia, and again last night. I sensed no malice as she battled.”
“It could all be a trap! We need to get out of here and try to find Marina!” Cal retorted.
“It could be.” Nihlen agreed. “I just don't think it is though. Going off half cocked will only cause us further troubles. He did teleport after all, and that makes following difficult. For now I think our best option is to continue on to our destination.”
“But-” Cal began, before suddenly being cut off.
“Cal Vaciri.” Shaila said, her voice powerful. A very light amount of aqua colored light emanated from her as she spoke. “Your past keeps you bound in chains of fear. Your dealings with people until now have been mostly on a life or death level. I am not surprised that you fear trusting us. I will tell you once more that I had no prior knowledge that Urian planned to take Marina.”
“Then why aren't you concerned about him taking her?” Cal roared back.
“Because I believe in Urian, and trust him. This is what I mean Cal. You must remember not everyone in the world wishes harm on others. That is why I will make you a promise. If Urian is not waiting for us when we reach Elharlia, I will contact him and insist he bring her immediately and explain himself. This is the best I can do in our current situation.” Shaila said.
Cal regarded her silently for several moments. Then, after a quick glance at Nihlen, he exhaled deeply. “I will accept your promise for now.” He said simply.
With a nod, the glow surrounding Shaila disappeared, and she turned back around. The group fell silent once more as they rode on in the night. Nihlen turned his eyes up toward the sky, and searched its vast expanse for an answer to his questions.
I wonder if she is seeing these stars right now too?
In the early morning hours, just as dawn was breaking, a storm rolled in. The three had just reached the border of Galden and Miken, when their pace was cut in half. They were wet, cold, and miserable, Each huddled silently under cloaks, trying to endure the freezing rain.
Nihlen tried to stretch out his cramped muscles, fatigue pulling at his body and eyes. Shaila had announced they would ride through the day, regardless of the weather or previous night spent riding. It appeared to Nihlen that the closer they got to Elharlia, the more she was pushing, like the final leg of a race.
“Can't you do something about this rain?” Cal complained. “You have mastery over water, don't you?”
“I could, but it would drain me of my strength. We need to be careful, we certainly aren't out of the woods yet. You're a strong man though, aren't you? Certainly you can handle a little rain...” Shaila said, her tone held just a hint of mocking.
Cal simply huffed in response, pulling his cloak tighter around himself.
Morning shifted to afternoon, with no sign of the storm abating. Shaila suddenly signaled a stop at a nearby stream, so the horses could drink and rest. The three took shelter beneath a few nearby trees, shaking the rain from their hair and cloaks.
“Shaila, will you stop traveling with us once we reach Karishian?” Nihlen asked, resting himself against one of the trees.
“I do not know yet.” Shaila answered. “I owe allegiance to a lot of people right now. It is likely I will continue with you though. Above all, Helida is my first mission. I must settle things between her and the village. Between she and I as well. Since you are her target, it would make sense to travel with you. It's possible I will have to return to Inthule though, or Urian will have other work for me. It's difficult to say.”
“I know I would appreciate your strength in my cause.” Nihlen said.
“And I will do all I can to aid you. Don't be overly awed just yet though. You have only scraped the surface of the world, and your own power. One day I wager people will be wishing to be as strong as you instead.” Shaila said.
“How long until we reach Elharlia?” Cal asked.
“Four days if this weather keeps up, three if it abates. We aren't far now. Hopefully we won't encounter any more problems.” Shaila said.
“Where do we go once we reach Elharlia?” Nihlen asked.
“There should be someone waiting to meet us. The Alglican Mountains are nearly impassible, with only a few possible paths across the entire continent. This is part of what has helped the land to become forgotten. From what Urian has said, Karishian keeps a tight hold on all the paths, controlling all traffic in or out. We are headed for a specific entrance in Galden.” Shaila said.
“I'm looking forward to finally learning more about what is going on. It feels like I've been fumbling in the dark up until now.” Nihlen said.
“Elharlia will be a very important stop on your Path, Prince Nihlen. It will be the true beginning of your destiny.” Shaila said.
Nihlen frowned at her, but remained silent. What does she really know I wonder?
“We should get moving once more.” Shaila said, pulling her cloak back on. “We'll need to gain as much ground as we can in this weather before nightfall.”
On they trudged through the day, and into the evening. Evening turned to night, and the storm had only intensified. They found a small cave, and Shaila called them to a halt. They quickly shed their soaked clothes, and hung them up to dry. After donning dry clothes from their packs, they sat down to wait for a hastily cooked meal Shaila was making. Somehow she had found wood dry enough to make a fire. Maybe she pulled the water out. He considered. They waited in silence, frozen to the bone. The raging storm had pelted them relentlessly, each drop a frozen attack draining a bit of strength.
After hungrily devouring their meal, the group moved quickly for their blankets. Each wanted nothing more than to greet the warmth and comfort of slumber.
The next day, the storm still raged. Within minutes of riding in the icy rain, Nihlen felt drained once more. The rain pelted him until his body was numb, cold and unyielding. The clouds were dark and ominous, and covered all of the sky he could see. Lighting split the sky in fantastic arcs, and the thunder that followed was deafening. The storm was large, and would not be leaving anytime soon. On they rode though, trying vainly to hide behind cloaks long since soaked through.
So the pattern of misery continued. As each day passed, their fatigue grew. Resting did little to relieve it. By the morning of the final day, Nihlen's weariness was nearing unimaginable limits. The chill in his bones lingered as he rose that morning. Simply moving was quite taxing. There was no time for complaints though as they broke down camp and began moving once more. The storm still raged, fierce as it had been for days. Nihlen cursed the weather as he wiped water from his face.
“The Alglican mountains will come into sight soon.” Shaila called over the furious winds. “They are quite breath taking.”
Within the hour, they had crested a hill, and the mountains came into sight.
They were enormous, towering one after another across the land. Like a giant gate, they separated the land in front of them from the land behind them, though they couldn't see beyond. Nihlen could see why people may think it was the end of the continent. The peaks were capped with snow, even in late summer, attesting to their massive elevation.
“Truly one of the greatest natural fortifications. Trying to cross those mountains haphazardly will only lead to death. Many have become lost trying to explore beyond them.” Shaila said.
Their goal finally in sight, the group gained a second wind, moving quickly toward the mountains. It was nearly evening before they finally reached the base of the mountain range. Shaila led them up a nearby path, and they started in.
The path was steep, and treacherous from the storm. It took a considerable amount of time to hike up the slope into the range. As they crested the peak of the slope, Nihlen wiped water from his eyes. A short distance ahead of him, a lone figure was sitting on a horse, a deep cowl and the twilight of the storm hiding them from view.
“Is that our envoy?” Nihlen asked Shaila, glancing over his shoulder to make sure neither Cal nor Galen had slipped. They were both nearly at the top though.
“I would assume so. Surely no one else would wish to be out in this weather.” Shaila said. “Except me perhaps. Still, be cautious.”
The person ahead made no acknowledgment of them as they waited for Cal and Galen. As Nihlen waited, a feeling of apprehension grew. The eye was telling him the situation was dangerous. Power leaked into him, and he let his senses fly toward the person. As his senses neared the person, suddenly they halted, and were thrown back. Nihlen jumped as his mind returned, a shudder taking him.
“Shaila, I think we may have a -” Nihlen said, turning. Lighting struck, blinding in its brightness. It seemed to have struck right next to them. As his vision returned, his words were cut short by what he saw.
Standing on the back of Shaila's horse was a man. He held a blade right to her throat, applying just enough pressure to barely keep from cutting her. Cal and Galen had stopped near the top of the hill, seemingly dumbfounded by the man's appearance.
“Welcome to Elharlia.” The man said, throwing his cloak aside. He was dressed in the finest clothes, colored in black and gold-threading. An assortment of jewels shined in the weakened light as he flourished his hands. “We don't get a lot of visitors. What brings you here?” He asked lightly, as if he wasn't holding one of their comrades hostage.
“What is it you're after? Gold? I'll give you everything we have. Just release her, and let us be on our way.” Nihlen said, hoping to just end the situation as quickly as possible. His eye relayed fear of the power these two people possessed, and as much as he might wish to, he couldn't ignore it. These people were very dangerous.
“Well aren't you agreeable.” The man said, bowing his head slightly. “We do not seek gold though. You've wandered into a dangerous place. You can feel it right? I can see it in your eye. What happened to the other one?” He asked, gesturing at Nihlen's eye hidden beneath the hat.
Nihlen hesitated, unsure of how to move from here. This guy should be able to sense my eye, even though I'm not projecting it yet. Is he just playing with me?
“I lost it in an accident as a child.” Nihlen lied, deciding to test the man a little.
The man smiled, but said nothing more on the subject, turning his attention instead to Shaila. “This is quite an interesting group you're leading here. You're definitely not ordinary travelers. What is it that would bring you into the no man's land of Elharlia?”
“We're here to see Karishian Delmoore.” Shaila said, seemingly unperturbed by the blade resting on her neck.
“Interesting.” The man said, wiping water from his face. “What business could you possibly have with him, I wonder? It matters not though. You'll never meet Karishian. Unfortunately you stumbled upon us, and things have been very boring around here. Whatever the reason for your journey, it will stay here with your corpses.”
Nihlen reached back for his halberd, the eye screaming at him that it was dangerous to engage this man.
“Wait there.” The man said, pointing to the blade at Shaila's neck. “I will be keeping this woman out of the fight. The rest of you will fight with my comrade.”
At his signal, the other figure who had been waiting began to ride toward them. As the person closed in, they dismounted from their horse, and just stood in a relaxed stance.
Nihlen looked at the hooded figure apprehensively. The eye was screaming danger with this person just as loudly. Nowhere to go though, and no choice. We'll just have to make something happen. Nihlen thought, steeling himself.
“I'll go straight at him, you two go around and flank him.” Nihlen said, pulling his halberd off his back.
Thrusting his fear down, he surged forward. Even as he closed in, the figure made no move to raise a weapon or defend themselves. He pulled his halberd back, and thrust it forward. With no resistance, it sunk through the figure's flesh, sticking cleanly through the stomach and out the other side.
Time seemed to stop as Nihlen stood there, the rain pelting his hands as he held his weapon. The figure still stood, showing no sign of the grievous injury that had just occurred. Then the figure suddenly reached up, and pulled back the hood. Beneath the hood was a woman. Her skin was a rich caramel color, her eyes black and piercing like the storm clouds that surrounded them. Lightning flashed as she smiled at him, not phased in the least by the blade sticking through her.
Her leg then came up, and she kicked Nihlen hard in the chest. Still gripping the halberd, Nihlen was thrown back. The halberd was pulled from the woman's body, and he slammed onto the ground several feet back. As he slid back on the wet ground, he rolled up to his feet, clutching at his chest to catch his breath. He stared at the woman through the rain. The skin where the halberd had just been was undamaged, smooth as if nothing had ever happened.
Cal and Galen had both stopped their attacks after Nihlen had stabbed the woman. Both seemed unsure of how to proceed against an opponent who was unharmed after being ran completely through.
“It must be some trick. Lets go!” Nihlen called, running in again. He drew deep on the power of the Eye of Kings, the world slowing around him.
Galen reached the woman first. As he attacked, the woman made no move to defend herself. Galen slashed the woman's arm, but just as the cut was appearing, Nihlen saw the wound healing itself just as fast.
What is that?
Just as Galen was finishing his slash, the woman grabbed him, and using his own momentum against him, slammed him hard into the ground in front of Cal. Cal jumped over Galen, hefting his enormous blade over his head. With a yell, he brought the blade down toward the woman. She stepped lightly to the side, but not soon enough. The blade bit into her shoulder, cleaving straight down to cut her arm off. Once again though, just as the blade was separating flesh, the flesh was healing right behind it. Cal's blade had indeed cut the woman's arm off, but it had healed as it was being separated, rendering the attack ineffective. Jumping up as Cal's attack finished, she struck him hard in the face with her knee, lifting even his massive body off the ground. He crashed down on the ground holding his face in his hands.
This is bad... Nihlen thought as he closed in. With every movement he was trying to calculate his attack. A strike that would still injure this person even if she healed. Choosing his target, he pulled on the eye as deeply as he could, and surged forward with all the speed he could muster.
As he closed in for the attack, the woman's eyes met his. He knew before he even attacked it was hopeless. He chopped at the woman's neck, the strike right on target. He watched once again though as the flesh healed right as he severed it, even faster than the previous times. The blade left her neck, and Nihlen was completely off balance. Like a serpent, the woman's arm came out and grabbed him. Suddenly he was off the ground, and flying through the air. The world spun around him, and he couldn't tell up from down. Until he hit the ground again.
He hit hard, sliding face down across the muddy ground. He pushed himself up, spitting mud and blood from his mouth. He looked over at the man holding Shaila hostage. He was watching the scene with a look of mild interest. Looking back to the woman, he saw that Galen and Cal were on their feet too.
In his rage, Cal was the first to attack again. A quick slice bit through the middle of the woman, then another, then a diagonal one. On his fourth attack, the woman finally moved from her spot. She kicked aside the incoming blade, causing it to stick deep into the soft mud. With a few quick steps she was behind him. She kicked the back of both his knees, making Cal fall forward onto his hands. As he fell, the woman moved quickly in front of him, catching his face as he fell. Thrusting upward, she pulled Cal off his feet, and slammed him into the ground. Then she lifted him, and slammed him again.
Galen quickly closed in on the woman, trying to drive her away from Cal. Abandoning his weapon, he attacked the woman with his fists. She took his punch to the jaw though with no visible pain at all. Before he could even ready a second attack her fist was crashing into his chest, sending him reeling backward several feet. She then continued her previous task of slamming Cal's body into the ground.
Not only blades, but blunt weapons are ineffective as well... Is this woman immortal? Nihlen shivered at the thought.
Still, he couldn't just sit by as Cal was killed in front of him. Without a thought, he rushed forward on instinct. When he reached the woman, he grabbed her right arm, and moved to kick her ribs. She reversed the hold though, and kicked him in the ribs instead. Then another, over and over again until Nihlen's body began to slack in her grip. She let go at that point, letting him drop to a heap at her feet.
In a desperate bid, he rose to his feet, striking at the woman's face. She moved her head, dodging the blow. As she counter attacked though, Nihlen dodged too, coiling around and under her arm. The woman's eye brows raised slightly as he moved in for his own counter attack. Just as he was preparing to strike though, he was suddenly pitching forward. The woman had kicked his leg out as he was moving. The woman's knee then came into sight, crashing hard into the side of his face. He rolled hard across the ground, gasping for breath.
Nihlen's chest heaved as he tried to regain his breath. He looked out toward the others. Cal wasn't moving. Galen was trying to push himself up, and seemed to be succeeding, so Nihlen dug deep, struggling against the pain that filled his body. He rose, nodding to Galen that they should continue. Both closed in at once, reaching the woman at the same time. Galen struck low, trying to sweep the woman off her feet. Nihlen jumped into the air, raising his foot into the air and slamming it down toward the woman. The crushing energy of his attack suddenly stopped though as the woman caught his foot. The force of the sudden stop jarred his leg, sending fierce pain throughout. At the same instant, she caught Galen's foot with her other hand. Both were stopped once more, and completely defenseless.
The weightlessness of being stopped then disappeared as Nihlen was suddenly rushing into the ground. The woman slammed him into Galen, the force pushing both of them into the muddy land. Nihlen felt Galen gasp below him, and go limp. He'd lost consciousness now too.
I'm going to die...
“It looks like this is about over. I was hoping it would be a little more entertaining though.” The man called, drawing Nihlen's attention. “I guess we should wrap this up. Let's get out of the rain and get some drinks.”
Nonchalantly the man reached up, and chopped Shaila in the neck. Her body fell limply to the ground. Pain stabbed in Nihlen's head. Everyone is down. If I end it here, we'll all die. We have to make it through here! We've come too far to fail!
Pain stabbed in his head again. The world began to grow hazy, and Nihlen's head began to swim. This is like when I first manifested the eye... I'm losing control of it! I have to maintain control! Nihlen grabbed his head as the stabbing pain increased in frequency. The Eye of Kings was overpowering him, washing him in its power. Offering to take over. He tried to fight it, to maintain, but it was hard. He was tired, his body hurt. The haze felt so much better.
Then the pain ceased.
The power of the eye overcame him. Its aura washed over his emotions, thoughts, his entire being. Nihlen had receded into to the eye. In an instant his body was up, hat off and eye fully exposed. His regular eye was glassed over as he stared at the woman, and power far greater than he'd ever emitted burst forth.
“Now this is interesting.” The man said, stepping over Shaila's limp body. “It might be a little more serious now, be on your guard Pheora.”
“He can't beat me yet, even like this Karishian. Still, the power he's emitting now is truly incredible.” Pheora said. Her hands came up as she prepared for a real fight.
“I'm surprised they made it here to be honest. They only joined with Shaila since arriving in Cascadia. They really made it most of the way by themselves. They definitely have potential.” Karishian said.
Any other conversation was cut short as Nihlen suddenly attacked. The raw power of the eye, unrestrained by Nihlen, increased his attributes many times over. As Pheora guarded against the blow, there was a loud snap as the bone in her arm splintered. Pheora jumped back, flexing her hand as the damage healed.
“This much power at such a young age. The Eye of Kings is truly as fearsome as Urian described.” Pheora said, taking the initiative in the battle.
She rushed at Nihlen, kicking hard at him. The enhanced Nihlen easily dodged the blow though, coiling around her leg with ease. He grabbed her leg, and threw it upwards, trying to throw Pheora off balance. Pheora rose with him however, pulling her leg from his grip and flipping backward. As she landed, she kicked out once more, hitting Nihlen hard in the chest. Enthralled in the eye's power, he showed no sign of feeling the attack at all, lunging forward to attack again. He swiftly threw punches and kicks at Pheora, full of power and killing intent. She dodged and blocked, dancing backward as she avoided the attacks.
As the possessed Nihlen attacked more, power from the eye continued to surge. Stronger, faster, more accurate attacks poured out. The blows began grazing and glancing Pheora, dealing damage even when successfully defended. Then, as Nihlen burst forth with a punch, Pheora stopped dodging backward. With incredible grace she lightly sidestepped the attack, grabbing Nihlen's arm. With a swift kick she took his legs out from under him, and drove him into the ground.
“I think we've seen enough now.” Karishian said. “He's just as Urian described. I think he will be perfect for our goals. Subdue him, heal them up, and lets get out of here.”
Nihlen's unconscious body, under the influence of the eye, refused to give up. He squirmed against Pheora's grip, trying to escape with all his power.
“It's over now.” Pheora said lightly. Warmth spread from her hands, and poured into Nihlen. His body stilled, and the influence of the eye retreated. “Rest well.”
Pheora moved to each of the others, healing them and placing them in a deep slumber. Then they loaded everyone onto their horses, and led them deeper into the lands of Elharlia.





Chapter 21


Elharlia


As Nihlen began to rouse from his slumber, he was greeted with confusion. We fought those people... There was no hope... Was all that a dream? He opened his eyes, and tested his body. No injuries... I think I blacked out during the fight. Why am I still alive, and even uninjured? He sat up, and looked around the room. In three other beds to the right of his own slept Cal, Galen, and Shaila. They all looked fine as well.
Nihlen tossed off his blankets, and looked around for his clothes. He noticed a clean white robe folded on the bed side table, and slipped it on. He moved over to Cal's bed, and looked down at him. Really, no sign of injury. We were all seriously injured though... How long have we been asleep?
Sudden footsteps startled Nihlen, and he whipped around just in time to see the door opening. Inside the room strode Karishian and Pheora, though Nihlen didn't know them as anything but enemies. To him, all that said was it definitely wasn't a dream.
He looked around for a weapon, but none of their belongings were in the room. “What is it you plan to do with us?” Nihlen spat, readying himself for another fight.
Karishian stepped silently across the room. He grabbed a chair from a nearby table, and sat down, facing Nihlen. “I don't plan to harm you, Prince Nihlen. I am Karishian Delmoore. This is my wife, Pheora. I will explain everything that happened, including why we attacked you, once Pheora has awakened your comrades.”
Pheora moved across the room, passing next to Nihlen, and bent down over Cal. Nihlen tensed, readying himself to attack. Pheora calmly ignored him though, and placed her hand on Cal's forehead. He began to stir, and she moved on to Galen, then Shaila, before returning to stand behind Karishian. Within minutes the others had awakened, and looked around the room confused. When they realized their captors were also in the room, everyone tensed.
“Welcome to Elharlia. I am Karishian Delmoore. This is my wife, Pheora. I'm sure you have many-”
“Karishian Delmoore?” Cal said incredulously. “Aren't you supposed to be on our side? Why did you try to kill us?”
Karishian turned to eye Cal. “As I was saying, I will explain everything. We weren't trying to kill you. The rain storm you encountered, for example, was controlled by us. It served to hide you from potential pursuers on the final leg of your journey, as well as help set conditions for our encounter. It was all a test.”
“A test?” Galen asked.
“You've come here seeking my aid. Urian has told me of your plight, and I may be willing to help. However, I needed to know about your group. Your strength, conviction, and what you're all capable of.”
“I don't understand why that involves nearly killing us all. Why not simply speak with us? We would have fought you without these false pretenses.” Nihlen said.
“But it would not have been a true battle. I would have never been able to see your true current ability unless you all believed it was a real situation.” Karishian said. “Do you remember the end of the battle Nihlen?”
Nihlen shook his head.
“Pheora pushed you beyond your limits. Unconsciously you battled on, the Eye of Kings controlling your body. It was incredible, considering your development is still in its early stages.”
“So you were testing us to see if you believed we were strong enough to take back my nation?” Nihlen asked.
After a moment of consideration, Karishian responded. “Yes, that is important. It goes far beyond that though.” Karishian suddenly stood, and began pacing around the room. “As you all know, Shaila is more informed than the rest of you. In a brief amount of time, she attempted to train your minds so she could give you information. However, here and now, I am going to divulge the truth to all of you. The truth of what Urian and I have been working towards. It will be quite a long story, as it starts twenty five years ago, before I was known as the most wanted man in the world.”
Karishian moved over by a window, his back to the rest of them, and stared out as he spoke. “Twenty five years ago, I had just reached adulthood. I had been abandoned as a young child when my ability manifested itself. I grew up here, in Elharlia, living on the streets of a town called Rinden. One day, as I walked down the streets, I was stopped by a man. That man turned out to be Urian. He told me he knew I had an ability, and that he also had one. It was the first time I had ever met another person with an ability. Urian stayed in Rinden for some time after that. He helped me master my ability, and offered me purpose. Urian is a scholar, who researches ancient history of the world. He came to Elharlia to search for documents about the past. Though I told him I doubted any such thing existed, he was adamant he would find what he searched for somewhere in this land. In those days, Elharlia was split into countless territories owned by individual families or small groups. There was no governing force or ruler of the entire land. Since Elharlia was originally a land of thieves and prisoners, their descendents knew nothing but squabbling over the land with one another. Using our abilities, Urian and I began to offer protection to those groups. Instead of payment, we simply asked for that group or family to join our alliance. Slowly our alliance grew, and word spread of our power. Within three years we had united every single group under a single alliance. Elharlia as a true nation was born. Each time we acquired a new land, Urian would search through the estates for any information pertaining to his search. It was in one of the last ones he finally found what he was searching for.”
Karishian paused for a moment, before turning from the window. He motioned for Pheora to bring him a drink, which he drank quickly before continuing. “Urian found an old book, which he said was written a very long time ago. He told me to first finish uniting Elharlia, to strengthen it into a real nation, while he studied the book. Then he would tell me what he discovered. About twenty years ago, when I had truly become the leader of this nation, Urian returned. He then told me what he had learned from the book. What he learned from this book is what brings us to our current situation, and this is how you, and your kingdom, tie into my story, Nihlen Draven.”
Nihlen tensed, unable to believe the moment was finally here. He was going to learn everything about what was going on.
“The book contained information about the history of Askrah. Much further back than we currently have records for. As you know, current history says twenty two generations ago, Askrah split into Draven and Rinh when the royal family had twin boys as heirs. That Askrah is not the Askrah of history though. Askrah is more than the island where the once single nation existed. Askrah has ruled the entire world at many times in the past. The book said that when trouble faced this part of the world, the King of Askrah would unite the countries of the world. When the danger had passed, Askrah would eventually return each country to its original rule. There was one specific entry, a very long time in the past, which worried Urian though. It told a story of Crisclan being overrun by a before then unseen people, who hailed from unknown shores across the sea. It is also the only part of the book which speaks openly about abilities. It said these people were immortal, and never fell in combat. In addition, they killed people simply by looking at them, controlled the elements, and read their minds. The people of Crisclan were overwhelmed and occupied. In response, the King of Askrah rallied the other nations of the world as one, and then something strange occurred. The people of our lands also began to manifest abilities. It said the King of Askrah in particular sported devastating abilities housed in the eyes. War was waged with the strange new people, and many died. If not for the King of Askrah, they probably would have lost. After many years of battle, the foreign invaders were turned away. After the war, before absolving Askrah once more, the King of Askrah devised a way to hand down his abilities to future generations, so the people could always be protected from the danger posed by the invaders. From his studies, Urian concluded the following: When our world, these continents, align under the banner of Askrah, something occurs. Whatever the reason that brings them together, they will find the strength to defeat it. Abilities are not mentioned in any of the older entries, so Urian believes certain natural powers are unlocked when all the nations come together in response to a threat. It will allow us to respond to anything that happens. Urian investigated further into the people mentioned in the text. He traveled to Crisclan, trying to gather information. While he was there, he met Pheora. As you have probably wondered, Pheora doesn't appear to be from any nation in this part of the world. That's because she's not. Pheora is a member of the race called the Garosha. I allowed you to battle Pheora so you could experience the horror our ancestors faced when they first met. She truly did seem immortal, right?”
“I've never seen anything so fearsome.” Shaila said, and the others nodded in acknowledgment.
“Urian met with Pheora while he searched for information. She revealed herself as a member of the Garosha. Pheora is part of a faction of her people who do not wish to repeat what took place in the past. She revealed the history recorded by her people, which also described the truly fascinating event where the King of Askrah and all the people of our lands developed abilities. It is thanks to the efforts of Pheora's group within the Garosha that they have not invaded again since. However, over time, that opinion has begun to wane, and history is beginning to cycle toward confrontation once more. In an effort to stop this from happening, Pheora agreed to join forces with Urian. She told us that people of her land had remained in Irazul, even after their defeat at the hands of the King of Askrah. They had infiltrated the royal family, and taken control from behind the scenes. Information was sent back to the Garosha from this group, as those who wished to continue trying to conquer us battled with those who wished to give up. Pheora explained that this hidden group was becoming extremely dangerous, as more of her people began to support war once more. The two traveled to Elharlia, where the three of us began making a plan. Two weeks later we were sailing for Irazul. This is where the popular story of me becoming the most wanted man in the world starts. It's true I amassed a large army, which no one saw coming. I laid siege to Irazul, forcing my way into the capital. As we entered the palace, we found the members of the Garosha holding the real royal family hostage. We tried to reason with them, but in the end they killed the hostages, and we fought. That was by far the most difficult battle of my life. When it finally became clear we would be the victors, the Garosha suddenly stopped fighting, popped something in their mouths, and collapsed to the ground. Their bodies quickly liquified, and disappeared without a trace. The proof of the entire event was gone in an instant. After that, we had no choice but to flee. I was branded a murderer, and given the title of the most wanted man in the world for the deaths of the royal family of Irazul. I fled back to Elharlia, where we've been watching for the Garosha since.”
“That's quite a tale.” Galen said.
“It is indeed.” Nihlen said. “What does any of that have to do with testing me, or my kingdom being taken over?”
“Don't you see?” Karishian asked. “The threat posed by the Garosha is serious. If they were to attack in force tomorrow, do you think we would survive? The short answer is no. Right now, we are completely vulnerable. We are in an even further weakened state because of the situation in Draven. There is only one thing that will give us a chance against the Garosha, and that is the power of Askrah.”
“The power of Askrah? You can't mean...” Nihlen said.
“I mean just that. I have a vested interest in helping you to regain your kingdom because you are the only one who can save us all. I tested you, and I am very pleased with what I saw. Right now, King Erian Rinh plots to make himself the King of Askrah. This absolutely cannot be allowed. Only the right person will be able to unite us all, and fight back the Garosha. Urian, and myself as well, believe that person is you, Prince of Draven.”
Nihlen took a deep breath, turning over everything he had heard in his mind. “Why are you so powerful Pheora?” Nihlen asked. “Are you immortal?”
“I am not immortal.” Pheora said. “I am a healer. Among your people, it is an extremely rare ability. Amongst my people though, it is the most common. Your attacks wounded me, but it would take much more than that to stop me from healing. After the battle, I healed you all as well. The ability is not limited to myself. This is why your ancestors thought us immortal, though I'm sure many knew the truth by the end, even if it wasn't written into history.”
“So you want to help me reclaim my kingdom, so I can in turn unite Draven and Rinh, bring the other nations of the world under the banner of Askrah, which will unlock some kind of natural power, enabling us to fight back against the Garosha?” Nihlen asked.
“This ending with a battle between us and the Garosha is something we hope to avoid actually.” Karishian said. “Our current goal is to unite Draven and Rinh as Askrah once more, and approach the Garosha to deter any fighting. Still, we must prepare for the worst case scenario.”
“This is a lot to take in... I need to think about this some.” Nihlen said, moving back toward his own bed. “I have another question though. Has Urian been here recently? One of my friends is with him, and I really want to know where she is.”
“Ah, the girl, Marina. She is quite pleasant. They were here yesterday, but Urian said he had some business and they left. He said they would return tomorrow. She is quite eager to see you, and the others as well.” Karishian said. “Everything has already been explained to her as well.”
“Tomorrow huh.” Nihlen said, lying back. “Can you leave us to talk for a little bit?”
“Certainly.” Karishian said, and he and Pheora shuffled out of the room.
“What do you guys think?” Nihlen asked, staring up at the ceiling.
“The story is quite amazing. The parts I hadn't heard brought the whole thing together. Urian has been working on this for a long time, probably long before Karishian began working with him. Karishian himself is an interesting person, but as outlandish as his story sounds, it rings true.” Shaila said.
“His methods were quite harsh, but he has some big problems to deal with. I'm sure he needs to know he can count on anyone he places his hopes on. Considering they never intended to kill us, and Pheora was on hand to heal us, it was a quite effective way to test us. Being a soldier, I would say the greatest training tool you could ever ask for is being able to fight without restraint. They are probably fearsome on the battlefield. I can see why he's worried after fighting her people.”
“All I have to say is Marina better be here tomorrow.” Cal said, rolling over onto his side.
“What about you Nihlen?” Shaila asked. “That conversation must have put a lot of weight on you.”
“It's too distant for me to worry about right now.” Nihlen said, stretching. “To be honest I already have enough I'm worried about. There's just no room to spare. I have to save my family and reclaim my kingdom before anything.”
“A wise decision, I think. Taking Draven back is already a large enough task to worry about.” Cal said.
“Let's rest for now. We may be healed, but I'm still exhausted. We'll be busy again starting tomorrow I'm sure.” Nihlen said, and they all settled down to sleep.
***
As Nihlen slept, his dreams were suddenly punctured by a strange feeling. His mind felt as if it was being prodded. The prodding pushed him between the dream world and reality, though he wasn't sure what was dream and what wasn't.
Nihlen... A voice whispered in his dream. Nihlen, wake up. There was a strange familiarity about the voice, and he began to wake. Nihlen, wake up!
Nihlen's eyes popped open, and he sat up. Sitting in a chair at the table was Marina. His head still muddled from sleep, he stared at her blankly for a moment. It's not a dream. The voice said in his mind.
The gears in his mind clicked, and he jumped out of the bed. “Marina!” He said, running over to her. Before he even thought about it, he had thrown his arms around her, gripping her tight. “We were so worried about you!”
“I was worried about you all as well.” Marina said, hugging him back.
The others began to stir at their noise, and moments later Nihlen was thrust aside as Cal bounded up to Marina. The group quickly celebrated their uniting once more, before everyone settled down to talk.
“Marina... This may sound weird, but were you talking to me while I slept?” Nihlen asked.
“I was, you are not imagining that. I have so much to tell you all!” Marina said, standing up. “I should let Karishian and Pheora know you are awake. Then we can talk.” She quickly left the room, returning moments later.
“What happened Marina? Why did that Urian guy just take you away all the sudden?” Cal asked.
“I was shocked at first too. Experiencing teleportation was one of the strangest things I've done. In an instant we were suddenly in a completely different place. I screamed, and tried to run from him. It took him hours to convince me to calm down enough to explain what was going on. I'm grateful he did though, Urian is amazing!” Marina said.
“So your ability is telepathy?” Nihlen asked.
“Not quite. You remember what Shaila said about my ability? That she's never seen one like it? Urian said the same thing. He showed up that night because he sensed my ability. When Shaila began the divination, Urian said he felt a ripple of power move across the land. He'd never felt anything like it. After that, the ripples continued, sending wave after wave of energy across the land. Urian is still unsure of what the ripple effect was, but he knew it was beyond normal. That's also how we were found back in the glade...” She paused, giving everyone an apologetic look. “So Urian brought me with him, and began examining my power.”
“What did he find?” Shaila asked.
“He still doesn't know, though he has figured out some things. He says my ability appears to be a bloodline ability, and it is quite similar to his own ability. It lies in the mental range, though the only one I've tapped into so far is telepathy.”
“Try it on me.” Cal said.
“I can't.” Marina said.
“Why not?” Cal asked.
“Because I can't sense everyone's mind currently.” Marina said. “Though my ability has begun to manifest, right now I can only sense two minds besides Urian's. One is Nihlen, and the other, I have no idea who it is. I can sense them from very far away, though I can't pinpoint their position. Neither Urian nor myself have any idea who the second mind I can sense is. I can only communicate across the space of this room, so reaching them is out of the question.”
“Is that how it will stay?” Galen asked.
“Definitely not.” Marina responded. “Urian says my ability is only just surfacing. He believes my ability has the potential to reach any kind of mental ability.”
“That's amazing.” Nihlen said. “Is Urian going to continue training you?”
“I'm not sure.” Marina responded. “Urian is speaking with Karishian and Pheora at the moment. They are planning what we will do next.”
Just then, Karishian, Pheora, and Urian came walking into the room.
“How is everyone feeling today?” Karishian asked.
Everyone responded with murmurs of fine.
“Good.” Karishian said, putting his hands behind his back. “There is much we must discuss today. Let's pick up where we left off yesterday.”
“I accept your story Karishian.” Nihlen stated. “What do we do from here?”
“Excellent, Prince Nihlen. I am glad to hear that. If that's the case, I will lay out our plans from here.” Karishian said, clearing his throat. “Yesterday, we said our goal was to take back Draven, then take Rinh and unite the two as Askrah once more. Then we'll began preparing to unite the other continents under the banner of Askrah, while also trying to dissuade the Garosha from engaging in battle with us once more. Those are our goals currently. So first we must focus on taking Draven back. This will be no easy task though.”
“Is Elharlia strong enough to wage war with Rinh for control?” Nihlen asked.
“Perhaps under normal circumstances, though it would be quite difficult. These aren't normal circumstances though. Erian Rinh now controls both countries. Add in ability users, and it becomes a staggering task to complete. Erian himself will be quite fierce I'm sure, since he possesses the counterpart of your Eye of Kings.” Karishian said. “The course of action we've chosen though is as follows: The next place you all will go is Inthule. There, you must convince them to aid you in your plight. They are currently working with us on the Garosha situation, in exchange for our help in dealing with Illian and Helida, but we will need their help to take Draven and Rinh as well. Only you can convince them to help you regain your kingdom. They are hesitant to get involved openly in political affairs, but I'm sure you will find a way to convince them. Once you have convinced Inthule to join us, we will see how strong our forces are, and go from there.”
“Will Inthule help us Shaila?” Marina asked.
“I honestly cannot say.” Shaila said. “Inthule has always kept itself apart from matters of other lands. It will be difficult to convince the elders to enter a war for land and politics, even if your true motives are for something greater. Considering the incident with Helida and Illian, they may be even more likely to push outside problems away.”
“Has Inthule ever aided an outside nation in war?” Nihlen asked.
“There have been times, though usually in small numbers. We participated in the original conflict with the Garosha, according to the book at least, but it is truly a rare sight to see Inthule fully march into war.” Shaila said.
“Will you aid us in convincing them?” Karishian asked.
“Certainly, but I hold little sway with the elders. I may be turned away at the gates for not completing my mission. In truth I am not supposed to return until Illian and Helida have been dealt with.”
Nihlen pondered Shaila's situation. After a few moments, he made a decision. “What if I promise them I will aid you in bringing Helida to justice, and recovering what was taken? I'm picking up big promises here already, so what's one more? I think I owe you that much anyways for all you've done for me. I doubt I'll get by without dealing with them, so we might as well try and use it to help us now.””
“It would certainly improve your standing, if they believe you. I don't know that it would be enough to move them into war though, even if you offered up your end of the bargain first.” Shaila said. “I thank you for your offer though, I appreciate the aid.”
“At the end of the day, you will have to convince them.” Karishian said. “I can supply normal fighters, and what ability users we have, but we'll need more ability users than I can supply, and the only large source of ability users I know of is Inthule. We need them to fight Erian.”
“The elders are wise. Hopefully nothing has happened to them in the time I have been gone. At worst, I'm sure I can at least get us in for an audience.” Shaila said.
“So when do we leave?” Marina asked.
“Soon.” Urian said. “While we are here though, we are going to train. Marina needs a lot more training before she can control her ability. Everyone needs to get stronger, and to finish the training you began with Shaila to protect everything you've learned here.
“Urian, why is it Marina can sense my mind, your mind, and this one other one, but no one else?” Nihlen asked.
“I wish I could answer that question. I am rather perplexed by it myself. All I can say is her ability is a bloodline ability, and therefore could be unique in any way. In time her awareness should expand.” Urian said. “I daresay she will be quite powerful one day.”
“Everyone, if I could have your attention.” Karishian called, bringing the conversation to a halt. “Today, another age begins to pass. Those of us gathered in this room, and many others to come, will one day hold the fate of our world in our hands. We are not the first, and we will not be the last. In this age though, it is up to us to carry the world into the next. We must fight with everything we have, and move with all haste. The threat of the Garosha looms on the horizon, and we have much to do before we'll have a chance for survival. The real adventure begins now, and tomorrow could be our last day. Keep this in mind as we begin working toward our goals. What you've experienced up until now is only the beginning. Starting today, the training will be unlike anything you've ever known. Each of you will undergo a specific training regiment focusing on ability development. We've done extensive work here in Elharlia, with the aid of Inthule, on ability development. We'll help Cal and Galen develop their abilities, and Nihlen and Marina will work on strengthening and controlling theirs. By the time we are done, all of you will be completely different people, ready to take on ability users as well as normal fighters. You'll have to truly, right down to your very soul, want to be stronger to withstand this training.”
A tingle ran down Nihlen's spine. He could almost feel the age turning, like standing on a stage in front of the entire world. Pressure, fear, exhilaration, anger, all swirling inside of him. He thought back on how much his life had changed since the day he was kidnapped. All that had happened, yet it had really only just begun. It's strange how our Path can change so much... Will we be able to do everything in time?
The world was changing as the group rose to leave the room and begin working toward their ever growing list of goals. Nihlen looked to each of his comrades. Cal, one time enemy turned hesitant friend. Marina, the greatest bright spot in the darkness surrounding his life. Galen, who had left the service of his Queen to aid him. Shaila, the mystical Tictinil of Inthule, powerful and wise. Now he also counted the most wanted man in the world, his nigh invulnerable wife, and a mysterious old man who seemed to guide it all among them. The world truly changes in mysterious ways.
###





Thanks for Reading!

If you're interested in more information on this author or title, or information on future releases, please visit http://magicjarpublishing.blogspot.com - Follow for up to date information

You can also visit on:

Twitter: @MagicJarPublish - #RiftofAskrah
Facebook: facebook.com/magicjarpublishing

We would also like to hear your thoughts on this product, and encourage you to leave a rating and/or review where you purchased this title, and/or anywhere else appropriate. Thank you in advance!

Books By This Author

Rift of Askrah Book 1: Fracture
Rift of Askrah Book 2: Shatter
Rift of Askrah Book 3: Gather




Index

Adisa- Cal’s horse he acquires in Leoradan.

Alglican Mountains- Long mountain range that spans the northern expanse of the Tarlelian Continent, separating Elharlia from the rest of the continent.

Amanyan- Nation on the Helran continent.

Askrah- Island continent and center of the story. It is both the name of the island, as well as the name of a now deceased nation which has split into Draven and Rinh. In the past it has stretched beyond the island border to include the other four continents, ruling them all as one single nation. In times of danger, the King of Askrah will unite all the nations of the world to fend off any threat.

Barakka- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Belgruin- Nation on the Helran continent.

Brisk- A city located in Rinh. It is where Marina and Cal grew up.

Broscome Mountain- One of the largest mountains in the known world. It is where they city of Cascadia is built.

Cal Vaciri- Partner of Marina and raised on the streets with her in the town of Brisk. Falls into the adventure with Nihlen after helping Han and Calden kidnap him, though grudgingly at first. He cares for Marina more than anyone else in the world. He is extremely large, and quite strong. His body is heavily scarred from all the fights he's been involved in over the years.

Calden Millsted- Calden is responsible for setting the plan in motion to kidnap Nihlen. It is unclear at this point if he is the mastermind, or under the employ of another.

Calgara's Amulet- A treasure of Inthule which allows items of power to be made in exchange for sacrificing the life of the ability user. It was stolen by Helida for Illian six years before the current story takes place.

Carlin Draven- Nihlen’s younger brother.

Cascadia- A truly fascinating city within the land of Miken. It is second only to the capital city of Leoradan. It is built into the Broscome mountain. Two rivers, the Gai'shir and Natu, flow through the area. The Gai'shir river flows up the mountain, feeding into Lake Berot. From the lake, the Natu river descends, flowing down the land. These rivers, particularly the Gai'shir and its unnatural path, make it a famous attraction around the world to see. The city is divided into three sections. The Market, Common, and Noble districts. The closer to the top of the mountain you are in any respective district, the greater opulence and grandeur you will find.

Crisclan- One of two continents located west of Helran.

Dalren- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Dark Forest- A large forest in the nation of Draven, east of Tero, where Marina and gang hide out with the kidnapped Nihlen.

Dolmnic- Nation on the Helran continent.

Duke Mellingham- General of the battle of Cascadia. Mentioned by Trayn during Nihlen's lesson in chapter 1.

Dultir- Nation in Sarisclan.

Draven- One of two nations created when Askrah split. It is where Nihlen lives, and the country he will one day rule as King. Considered one of the leading nations of the known world, it falls into chaos when Rinh invades and takes over. Now Nihlen must find a way to save his family and return Draven to its rightful rulers.

Dyra- Nation on the Helran continent.

Edward Haliford- Wealthy business man of Brisk, robbed by Marina and Cal.

Eladia Draven- One of Nihlen’s twin sisters.

Elharlia- A nation on the northern stretches of the Tarlelian continent. It is considered a lawless nation formed of criminals, and has been wiped off of current maps. It got its start as a penal colony where the world would dump criminals. The man considered King of that nation is Karishian Delmoore, the most wanted man in the world.

Elome- A small village in Dalren, right across the border from Leoradan. It is the first true taste of combat for the new group. It is destroyed by Hetal, and a group of bandits he brought under his command.

Elren Draven- Current King of Draven, and Nihlen’s father.

Emony River- Large river which flows from the northern mountain of Quertia, on the Tarlelian continent. A portion of this river divides to create the Gai’shir river.

Erian Rinh- King of Rinh. Has Eye of Gods, which is the twin to Nihlen's Eye of Kings. He invades and occupies the nation of Draven.

Estaria- Marina’s horse she acquires in Leoradan.

Fadah Meskit- A maid within the castle of Draven. She has taken care of Nihlen his entire life, and is as dear to him as a second mother.

Faith (the)- The most practiced religion among the continents. It involves the belief that life is a Path. The choices you make are turns on the Path. Sometimes you can back track, change your choices, and sometimes you are stuck down a Path you have taken. People of the Faith are supposed to strive to take the best possible Path in life they can. At the end of one's life, it is believed you will meet the Creator, and together will see the culmination of the Path taken in life. This ideal is attributed to a man known as Morcalla far into the past.

Falshia- Capital of the nation of Leoradan.

Gai'shir river- A river which forms from the Emony river in Quertia. It is one of the wonders of the world, as the river takes an unnatural course across the land, flowing up the Broscome mountain and feeding into Lake Berot

Galdea - Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Galen Inglid- Veteran of Leoradan’s armed forces. After his time in the armed forces, he took a position as an adviser and military arts teacher within the castle. He joins Nihlen in his quest after they leave Falshia.

Garosha- A race of people not native to any of the continents surrounding Askrah. In history long forgotten they invaded in an attempt to occupy Irazul, and then the rest of the nations of the world. A fierce people who were thought to be immortal due to their staggering healing powers. The invasion of the Garosha led to the development of powers within the rest of the world, and with the King of Askrah's leadership, they were turned back. Now history threatens to repeat itself.

Geol- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Gibe- Nation in Crisclan

Han Valtir- An associate of Cal and Marina, though they detest him. He recruits Marina and Cal into the plot to kidnap Nihlen. They are unaware at the time of his new allegiance to Calden.

Helera Draven- Nihlen’s mother, and Queen of Draven.

Harklin- Nation in Sarisclan

Helida Goverra- A member of Illian, and an extremely powerful ability user. She is known as a Tictinil, and fire answers to her will. Elemental class abilities are near the top, and are very dangerous to deal with. She is a twin to Shaila Goverra, who is also a Tictinil. Helida is one of the highest ranking members of Illian, and a noteworthy name among the worlds ability users. She betrayed the village of Inthule to Illian, killing their parents and stealing an item of power known as Calgara's Amulet.

Helran- Continent to the south east of Askrah.

Hetal- A member of Illian, he is stationed in Elome in search of Nihlen. His ability is high speed muscle vibration, making him dangerous in physical combat. He can dodge in the blink of an eye, and cause damage deep in the tissues with attacks so fast they are almost invisible.

High Lord Marian Kora- Presiding ruler over Cascadia, and a serving member on the nation's royal council.

Hylrak- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Illian- A shadow group which has endured throughout time unknown. They seek mystical powers, such as the Eye of Kings, from all around the world for their own use. The group takes interest in Nihlen’s Eye of Kings when they find out about it, entangling them within Nihlen’s struggle.

Inthule- A village located on the continent of Helran. The people of this village are well versed in the use of abilities. Nearly the entire population have developed their abilities. Helida and Shaila are both from this village.

Irazul- A once mighty nation on Crisclan, but its royal family was destroyed by Karishian Delmoore, making him the most wanted man in the world. The country fell to infighting and is currently thought to be in civil war. It is unknown to the rest of the world that the royal family of Irazul was being controlled behind the scenes by the Garosha, and it is them who killed the royal family when Karishian, Urian, and Pheora tried to capture them.

Jaylin Pascel- Childhood friend of Elren Draven, Nihlen’s father and current king of Draven. In the present he is a wealthy and well known merchant who helps Nihlen, Marina, and Cal escape Askrah when they flee from Calden in the Dark Forest.

Kaltera- Nation in Sarisclan

Karishian Delmoore- The most wanted man in the world and self established King of Elharlia. His title of most wanted man in the world is undeserved though, as it was a hidden cell of Garosha which was controlling the Irazul royal family, and are responsible for killing them when they lost in battle to Karishian's forces. He is an ability user, though he hasn't revealed his ability as of yet to Nihlen and his group.

Laheal Draven- Nihlen’s grandfather, and King before Elren Draven. It is because of his infidelity that Nihlen finds himself betrothed to Laurel Illenwood to satiate the family's greed.

Lake Berot- The lake at the base of the city of Cascadia. The two rivers which flow in and out of Cascadia feed into and out of this lake. The uphill river Gai'shir, and downhill river Natu.

Laurel Illenwood- A member of one of the noble houses of Draven. She is arranged to marry Nihlen through blackmail to raise the Illenwood family to royalty.

Leguna- Nation on the Helran continent.

Lemet- Galen’s horse he brings from Leoradan.

Leoradan- Located on the southern part of the Tarlelian continent, it is a high ranking member among the current civilized world. It is led by Queen Raylia Villemoore, who helps Nihlen and his group in their quest after being sent by Jaylin Pascel.

Marian Illenwood- Illegitimate son of Laheal Draven. This caused the Illenwood family to be raised to noble status, and the eventual arranged marriage of Nihlen and Laurel.

Marina Elderol- Young thief of the town of Brisk. When her father was killed for inability to pay back a debt, she and the rest of her family were sent off as slaves to the noble families, for which she now holds a deep hatred. She ran away with Cal at a young age, and they lived on the streets together. She unexpectedly falls into the adventure with Nihlen after helping Han and Calden kidnap him. She quickly begins to regret her actions, and saves Nihlen when she discovers the truth of the situation. Feeling bad for her actions, she insists she accompanies Nihlen, becoming more and more attached to him.

Meladia Draven- One of Nihlen’s twin sisters.

Miken- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Morcalla- Credited with creating the Faith, which involves one's Path.

Mutico- Nation on the Helran continent.

Nalia- A maid in the house of Jaylin Pascel.

Natu river- The second of two rivers which flows from Cascadia. It starts at Lake Berot and flows down the mountain and down the land.

Nihlen Draven- Heir of the nation of Draven, and one of the heroes of the story. Nihlen is a very intelligent man. He has been groomed his entire life to take his father’s place on the throne of the nation of Draven. He holds knowledge in almost every subject imaginable, is accomplished with countless weapons, a proficient horse back rider, and a myriad of other skills. He is believed to be, by those around him, full of potential to be a great King when his time comes. After being kidnapped, he has to embark on a mission to reclaim his homeland. He possesses an ability known as the Eye of Kings, which changes his left eye's color into red and black, and looking into it causes feeling of devastation and despair. It is the twin power to the Eye of Gods, which the two together make a complete set.

Orelim- Nation in Sarisclan

Palata- Nihlen’s horse he acquires in Leoradan. The name has special significance though, as it is said in stories all the King's of Askrah rode upon a pure black horse named Palata. The horse is believed to be reincarnated to serve each King of Askrah.

Pedrone- Nation in Sarisclan

Pheora Delmoore- Karishian Delmoore's wife. She is a member of the race known as the Garosha, which invaded once in the past, and are threatening to do so again. She is on their side though, and it is she who worked with Karishian 20 years ago to remove the hidden Garosha cell from Irazul. She is a powerful ability user, and her ability is healing, which gives the impression of immortality.

Quertia- Nation on the Tarlelian continent.

Raylia Villemoore- Queen of Leoradan.

Rinden- Hometown of Karishian Delmoore, located in Elharlia.

Rinh- Neighboring nation of Draven on the island of Askrah. It is ruled by Erian Rinh. Rinh is a nation where the people live in squalor, and the nobility do as they wish to the commoners. Of the two nations created when Askrah split, Rinh is the one which has fallen quite far from Askrah's original ways.

Ryma- Elderly maid in the house of Jaylin Pascel.

Sarisclan- One of two landmasses located west of Helran.

Shaila Goverra– A Tictinil, her elemental ability is water. She hails from Inthule village, where she will one day be a leader of her people. Before she assumes that role, she is determined, as well as ordered, to bring Helida back to her village to face justice for her betrayal to Illian, in which she killed their mother for an item of power. She joins with Nihlen's group in Cascadia, where she saves them from Helida. She has been working with Urian for quite sometime, though she doesn't know everything about Karishian and the Garosha.

Shaya- The granddaughter of Urian. She is very shy, and always hides behind her grandfather’s coat when she isn’t riding on his back or shoulders. She is also an ability user, who can instantaneously transport herself or any object she touches to another location.

Siren- A member of Illian, though very mysterious. She is caught spying on Nihlen's group just after they leave Falshia. When caught, she disappears, leaving a moving corpse behind.

Skelt- A wolf like creature that stands as tall as a large man on all fours. They are very powerful, and amazing trackers, but are rarely seen outside of deep mountains.

Sulur- Nation on the Helran continent.

Tarlelian continent- Giant landmass far to the east of Askrah. This continent holds lands such as Leoradan and Elharlia.

Teba- Nation on the Helran continent.

Tero- Port town in Draven west of the Dark Forest.

Trayn Tilradrinae- A member of the royal staff in Draven, Trayn has been teaching Nihlen since he was a small child. He was also responsible for teaching Nihlen’s father. He is a well known and respected scholar throughout the world.

Ulterr- Nation in Crisclan

Urian- A strange old man Marina encounters on the boat ride up the river to Cascadia. He suddenly disappears, leaving her friends worrying of her sanity. Shortly after finding an inn though, the old man turns up again, and introduces himself to the group as an ability user, a mind reader. He is always accompanied by his granddaughter Shaya. It is later found that Urian has been questing for a long time to find answers to various questions, including abilities, and the danger presented by the Garosha.

Vidil- Nation in Sarisclan

Yomaria- Port city in Draven located east of the Dark Forest. It is the home of Jaylin, where Nihlen and his group flee to after they escape from Calden.

Zebia- Nation on the Helran continent.
