



Riley’s Redemption, A Moon’s Glow Novel#3
By 
Christina Smith



Published by Christina Smith 

Smashwords edition

Copyright ©2013 Christina Smith

Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved

Edited by Heather Sowalla




Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)

Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)

Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel 

Riley’s Secret, A Moon’s Glow Novel # 1

Riley’s Torment, A Moon’s Glow Novel #2

Finding Abigail- an adult suspense romance for ages 18 and up




For Aunt Kathy, one of my most encouraging fans. 
And for all the readers out there who wanted more of Megan and Nate.

Hey Evie, check out chapter three!



Prologue

The regal buck grazed lazily in the meadow. The soft light from the full moon shone on his smooth russet fur as he bent down and munched on the plump, juicy clover. His previously enormous antlers had been rubbed down to velvety stumps that bumped against a nearby rock. The only sounds in the surrounding forest were rodents scurrying in the underbrush and the frogs and crickets croaking their spring serenade. The buck continued its meal with the occasional grunt and chomping of its teeth. He was so engrossed in his feeding he was unaware of the two wolves watching nearby. 
The tan wolf observed the buck with calculation. The animal was huge; its flanks thick and juicy. If the hunt was successful they would dine well tonight. His pack mate was across the meadow, hidden behind a juniper bush. The plan was all set and it was time to put it in motion. Just as the wind shifted direction, he stepped out from the cedar tree that had been giving him cover. The deer caught his scent as he knew it would and jerked his head up, gazing right into the wolf’s penetrating yellow eyes. The deer’s ears flickered and his nose twitched with curiosity more than fear.
Instantly forgetting the clover, the buck took a few steps in the opposite direction and eventually started to trot slowly away. Taking that as a cue to move, the wolf began to follow. The moon shone full above as the wolf trailed behind his prey, his paws pounding over the cold uneven terrain.
He kept a steady speed for about thirty feet until he saw the buck approaching a patch of juniper. It was exactly where he was hoping the deer would go. When he saw movement behind the bush, he pushed his limbs forward, picking up speed. The deer noticed and did the same, running faster than the wolf could keep up. But that was okay. The wolf’s intention was not to catch the deer, but to push him into a trap. His rust colored pack mate dove out of the bush right in front of the deer, causing the buck to slip to the right and stumble. The rust wolf took her chance and pounced, digging her claws into the buck’s neck.
The tan wolf sped up, closing the distance between them. When he approached the fighting animals the rust colored wolf spun around. She stared at the crimson blood that was now dripping from the deer’s neck and froze, her yellow eyes turning glassy. The buck took advantage of her hesitation and jumped up, taking off at full speed. The tan wolf began to chase it with a glance at his pack mate—but she was gone. All he could see was her back side far-off in the distance. The wolf skidded to a stop as he watched his mate getting farther and farther away. He huffed out a bark that sounded like a laugh. The man inside the wolf guessed that they’d be ordering pizza yet again—just like the last full moon. 



Chapter One
Forever

“Mmmm, good morning Mrs. Riley,” Nate murmured with a sleepy contentment. I awoke one morning in early June, just as always, wrapped in his strong arms. It was the best way to greet the day. But this morning was different. For one, we weren’t in our comfortable cozy cottage. Instead, we were in a luxurious hotel suite in Vegas and he was no longer my boyfriend, he was my husband. 
I couldn’t help the grin that spread across my lips. Since he proposed, six months ago, we had been intimate many times, but after we said I do in front of our two best friends and the Elvis impersonator who married us, it just felt, right. He was mine and he would be forever, now that I was a werewolf like him.
“Good morning, Mr. Riley.” My voice was a little raspy from sleep, but it also held the joy that I felt since we exchanged rings, sealing our lives together. I turned to face him, leaning my arm against the silk sheets. His pale blond hair was messy, most likely from last night when I ran my fingers through the soft strands. His vivid blue eyes were even more vibrant as he smiled at me. We lay next to each other, faces inches apart. Our gazes were intense and filled with so much emotion that the air seemed to crackle with energy. As our eyes locked, the image of his face the very first time I saw him, that fateful day in the cafeteria flashed in my mind. I had never seen such beautiful blue eyes in my life and as he stared at me with that wolfy glazed stare, I felt more in that moment than I ever had for any boy before him. When he rushed away, I felt such strong disappointment, it shocked me.
Finally, he broke the silence and the image disappeared. “I am so in love with you,” he rasped, his voice filled with devotion that matched his expression.
Those words never failed to make my heart soar; and now that he was really mine, I felt at peace. Nothing could come between us again. We had already been through so much. What could happen that would be worse than finding out he wasn’t fully human and that a sadistic werewolf wanted to kill me in order to hurt him? That was tough, but we got past it, just like we got past me being kidnapped by Nate’s werewolf creator, Charlotte. She had held a grudge against him since he had left her over a hundred years ago and wanted him to suffer. By taking me, his werewolf mate, she got her wish.
Believe it or not, it was none of those things that made me leave him. No, that happened when I found out that he had accidentally bit me, turning me into a werewolf like him. That was a harder pill to swallow; knowing that the person I loved more than anyone else in the world was responsible for taking away my humanity was devastating. It had almost been the end of us. 
But our love finally made me forgive him. It was and still is, so intense and real, I had no choice but to except what had happened and forgive him. Now, we were finally in a good place. If we could get through all of that, we could get through whatever came our way in the future; especially now that we were married.
I lifted a finger to gently trace his strong jaw, over the stubble that left tingles on my skin as I moved up to his soft lips. “That’s good. Since we just got hitched and all.” I laughed softly as he nibbled on my finger. The giggle turned to a gasp as he sucked the tip into his mouth. The all too familiar sensations flowed through me and I closed my eyes as he let go and moved to my neck. The soft sigh that came out of me was filled with pleasure and I thanked who or whatever was responsible for bringing him into my life over a year ago.
So much craziness and drama had happened since then, but despite everything we had been through, it was worth it, because all of it had led to this moment. 
His lips moved down, over the thin strap of my nightgown, onto my bare shoulder and the scrape of his teeth along my skin sent shivers all over my body. I sucked in a breath revelling in his touch, just as a knock sounded at the door.
“Room service,” a male voice called out. It was muffled through the steel door and separated by a large living room. However, with our enhanced hearing, we had no trouble hearing him.
Nate groaned as he drew away, hovering above me, his shaggy hair hanging like a curtain around his face. “Damn. I forgot I pre-ordered breakfast last night.”
He hesitated, looking torn between continuing with what we had started and eating the food that I could smell through the door. As if on cue, my stomach growled. I was so excited yesterday that I hadn’t eaten all-day. He frowned at the sound, his eyes washing with concern. Since I had become a werewolf, he was steadfast in making me eat regularly. He never wanted me to lose control—like he had.
Decision made, he stood up and threw at pillow at me. It bounced against my face before falling onto the bed. “Come on, let’s eat. I want to feed my wife.”
My stomach flipped at the sound of that word coming from his mouth. I could definitely get used to that.
I sat up and wrapped the sheet over my shoulders as I watched him pull on his dress pants. He had tossed them onto the only arm chair in the room after yanking them off last night. He winked, giving me a devilish grin before disappearing out of our bedroom and into the main room. His messy hair that was still standing up, bounced as he walked. I could hear his deep voice as he spoke to the man at the door.
When the suite door closed, announcing the departure of the porter, I stood up. Wrapping myself in the white sheet, I made sure to tuck the ends under my arms. I didn’t want to get dressed. After all, this was our honeymoon. I wanted to enjoy the fact that I was miles away from the responsibility of Riley House and my mother’s relentless phone calls. I wanted to be lazy and concentrate on only one thing—Nate. I padded barefoot out to the living room, stepping on the bottom of the sheet as I made my way over the thick plush carpet. Nate was just removing the covers of the dishes from the food cart, releasing a gust of delectable aromas. The sudden smell of bacon, sausages, pancakes and eggs wafted toward me and again, my stomach growled.
He smiled, closing the distance between us to give me a kiss. It was meant to be a quick one until I reached up to grab his face, holding him in place so I could prolong it. His lips were soft and inviting. They tasted like the sweet wine we drank last night after our wedding. Who could blame me for wanting more? 
But unfortunately, he pulled away. “None of that until you get some food in your stomach.” He raised a brow. “When did you eat last?”
I looked down at the floor, noticing my bright red polished toes sticking out from under the sheet. “Yesterday morning,” I mumbled waiting for his typical response. I felt like a child waiting for a reprimand.
Surprisingly, it didn’t come. Instead, I heard him take a seat at the table, the chair scraped against the marble floor of the dining area, the loud squawk bounced off of the walls around us. “Well, come on then, dig in.”
My eyes widened in shock as I gaped at him. “What? No lecture on the reasons why a werewolf should eat?”
A shadow crossed his face at the word I used to describe myself, but then he chuckled, the uncomfortable expression vanishing from his handsome face before I could acknowledge it. He lifted a fork to pick up a pancake off of the tray and flop it onto his plate. “I’m no longer worried about you killing, or even hurting anyone.” He lifted a shoulder lazily in a half shrug.
I moved forward, the cold floor of the dining area cooling the soles of my feet in spots, while the sheet I was still stepping on, warmed the rest. I took the chair across from him, holding the silky material up with my arms. “Why not?” I asked, dumbfounded. Ever since Lauren and I were changed into werewolves he had been extremely verbal about our need to keep ourselves full. He was worried that if the wolf ever took over and we were hungry, we might hurt someone. He was speaking from experience and he wanted to save us from the guilt that haunted him for most of his long life.
After he swallowed the bite of pancake in his mouth, he smiled, his eyes flashing with mirth. “I’m not worried about you killing humans, when you can’t even hurt an animal when you are a wolf.”
Oh, right. 
I had become the joke of our group of werewolves. Joe, Adrian and Nate didn’t understand my aversion to killing animals when I was in my wolf form. Even Lauren had begun to kill the odd bunny, but not me. Nate had tried to get me to hunt like the rest of them, fearing that if I didn’t, I’d go for humans instead, but I couldn’t. I was not a killer and I never would be. Besides, my human stomach couldn’t take eating raw, bloody meat; not to mention ripping through the fur and bones. Just the thought of that had my stomach churning. I grabbed a piece of bacon and took a bite, hoping to get the thoughts that had unwillingly appeared, out of my mind.
Nate smiled at me as if he knew what I was thinking. He took a drink of orange juice and held the glass in front of him, pointing it at me. The liquid sloshed inside the cup, threatening to spill over. “Are you going to call your mother and tell her what we did?”
My stomach turned again, for an altogether different reason. I was not looking forward to that call. She was the reason we were here in Vegas. We had never planned on eloping. We had both wanted to share our love with the people that were closest to us. But months of my mother’s so called ‘help’ was more than I could take. Who knew the way to get her to pay attention to me was to get engaged? A week after the engagement party, she had gone crazy. She was obsessed with having ‘the wedding of the season.’ Her goal was to outdo all of her socialite friends. The first time she called she had gushed that it would be the wedding that Creekford would never forget.
At first, I was excited that she had finally started to give me the attention I had always craved. But with her constant string of phone calls hounding me I quickly lost that sensation. Finally, last week when she had handed me the guest list, my eyes popped out of my head. The head count, for just my side, was over five hundred people and I didn’t know half of them. If that wasn’t reason enough for me to freak out, the estimated cost for this extravaganza would have done it. When she handed me the total and I read the amount that was over one hundred thousand dollars, I almost fainted. That was it. From that moment on I decided to do this without her. Of course, I kept that to myself through the rest of her visit. I smiled and nodded when needed, but as soon as she left the cottage I informed Nate I couldn’t do it. His face had fallen and his eyes washed with sorrow, he thought I didn’t want to go through with the marriage. My heart ached at the sight. It was shocking that I had the power to break him in an instant. But, it was only fair, since he had that same power over me. I pulled him into my arms before the thought even entered my mind and I told him that he was wrong, I had something different in mind.
That was how we ended up in Vegas with Lauren and Joe. They were the only family we needed. After being overwhelmed with tulle, flowers, cake and even doves from my mother, I wanted to do it the simplest way possible. And that is what we had done.
Lauren and Joe jumped at the chance to get away. We wanted them with us, since they had been at our sides through everything else. I had also asked Adrian to come during our last phone conversation, but he didn’t want to leave his search. He was still on the hunt for his sister and after all this time he wasn’t giving up. He never imagined it would take so long after he found her address in Charlotte’s belongings. But when he located the house, whoever had his sister had whisked her away. That happened every time he got close. It would take weeks to find her scent and each time he did, she was gone. He was getting very frustrated and he suspected it was somehow Charlotte’s doing. Even from the grave, she was causing him pain.
“Megan, did you hear me?” Nate’s voice brought me back to the present and into the beautiful hotel suite.
I scowled at him as I took a few pancakes and placed them onto my plate. “Do I have to?”
He smirked at me, still holding his glass in his hand. “Well, do you want her to continue dishing out money for deposits?” Sure, lay on the guilt. He knew how to make me do what I didn’t want to. Even though my parents’ neglect had hurt me in so many ways, I still felt a twinge of shame for doing what we did. An image of my mother and me traipsing through the woods next to our house with my grandmother entered my mind. My grandfather had called us the three Lucy’s and I had giggled every time I heard the nickname. It was the last time I remember being happy with my family. A pang of sadness for the loss of my grandparents and the happiness of that little girl twisted in my stomach. But I pushed that unwanted feeling away. I was on my honeymoon; I wouldn’t let anything ruin it, not even my mother. 
“Fine,” I grumbled. “I’ll call them after we eat.”
I ignored his soft chuckle as I dug into my meal. I was starving and the food tasted so good. We became silent as we fed our bellies. When I swallowed the last bite there was another knock at the door. It was Joe and Lauren. We could smell their werewolf scents through the crack under the door. I jumped up and rushed into the bedroom to change. I heard more of Nate’s laughter as I closed the door behind me.
I gazed at my wedding dress where it hung on the hook on the back of the door and let out a happy sigh. The fact that the garment was mine was extremely odd in itself. I was only nineteen, no one in my circle of friends were married or had even thought of walking down the aisle. But here was the evidence that I now was, along with the white gold band on my left hand. The dress was a simple white silk with spaghetti straps and a beaded belt at the waist. I had picked it out a few days ago with Lauren. I hadn’t found a gown when I was planning the wedding with my mom. I kept putting that off; I hadn’t wanted to hear my mother’s inevitable negative comments. Thank God, I had waited or I’d be walking down the small Vegas chapel in a huge monstrosity my mother had picked. 
Since going out to join my friends in my fancy dress was out of the question, I slipped on gray tights and a long printed top. I didn’t bother with the rest of my appearance: I was on my honeymoon. If I wanted to wander around with messy hair and no makeup, that was my prerogative.
When I emerged fully dressed, I found Lauren and Joe seated at the small table eating breakfast. They were each dressed and freshly showered. Joe’s auburn hair was getting longer and flopped over his forehead almost reaching his gray eyes. He was back to his usual casual attire, wearing a black t-shirt and tan cargo shorts. Lauren was a little more dressed up. Her long hair was down flowing just below her shoulders and she was wearing a purple silk blouse and short skirt. Joe was telling Nate a dirty joke and teasing his girlfriend. And I couldn’t help but smile at the scene. These were the people I wanted with us to share our joy. But the fact that their suitcases were by the door told me that they would be leaving soon. Because of school and work, they weren’t able to stay longer than a day. Nate and I had taken the week off. That was one of the perks when you married the big boss, you could get a vacation without a whole lot of notice.
“Hi guys,” I said softly, feeling suddenly self-conscious. It was the first time I saw anyone I knew since waking up a married woman.
Everyone in the spacious room turned to face me. Lauren grinned and jumped up, her hazel eyes sparkled as she enveloped me in her arms. I breathed in her guava and werewolf scent, smiling into her sandy colored hair. “Good morning, Mrs. Riley.”
I pulled away and beamed at her. It was the second time I heard that name in one day and to be honest, I liked the way it sounded. “When are you guys leaving?”
She sat back down and cut into a blueberry pancake. “In an hour.” She glanced around our luxurious surroundings and grinned. “On second thought, maybe I’m starting to come down with something. I might have to stay with you guys.”
When I only smiled, feeling so happy and was unable to wipe the expression off of my face, Nate cleared his throat. “I don’t think the room is big enough for all of us.” He didn’t say that they would seriously put a cramp in our honeymoon plans, but his tone of voice hinted at it.
Lauren’s grin remained as she rolled her eyes and shrugged. “It was worth a try.”
Joe smiled at his girlfriend and lifted her hand to kiss her knuckle. When she giggled, I looked away and headed back to my seat. 
Joe dropped her hand with a wink and turned to me. “So, Meg, has Adrian finally come to his senses and asked for help yet?”
I sighed, frustration washing over me. “No. And I’ve offered many times. He doesn’t want to cause anymore turmoil in our lives, so he refuses to take me up on it.” I had met Adrian after Charlotte kidnapped me and Lauren. He told me that he was just another werewolf who wanted a friend. I didn’t believe him at first, since my history with werewolves wasn’t always pleasant. But when he began to teach me kick boxing to defend myself, I started to trust him. However, I might have been a little too hasty in accepting his story. Nate and Joe recognized him as one of the werewolves that had terrorized us on an island after Charlotte had kidnapped us. He eventually admitted to it, explaining that the only reason he helped her was because she had his little sister hidden away. And after Joe killed Charlotte, he began his search.
“I hope he finds her soon,” Lauren commented. “I’d go crazy if something happened and I couldn’t find Nathan.” Nathan was her younger brother and although he didn’t know she was a werewolf they were very close. Her face held a look of sympathy as a hush fell over the room, each of us trapped in our own thoughts. My mind was on Adrian, wishing he would let us help, as I’m sure the others were as well. He might have looked the other way too much when he was with Charlotte, but he was nothing like her. He reminded me of Nate actually, hating what he was and living with guilt.
“Well, love, we should get going. We wouldn’t want to miss our plane,” Joe said to Lauren, his Irish accented voice sounding loud in the silent room.
Lauren hopped up and we all said our goodbyes. Again, I found myself locked in her embrace, her scent flowing over me. I was so glad I had asked her to share this event with us. She hadn’t always been my friend, but I couldn’t find a better one if I tried. She had been through everything with me and only wanted me to be happy, which was exactly what I wanted for her. When she pulled away, Joe took her hand, leading her out of the room, gripping both of their bags with his other hand.
When Nate closed the door behind them he turned around to gaze at me, his lips curved up into a smirk, his eyes dancing with excitement.
The frisky expression on his face had me spinning around. I squealed as I took off toward the bedroom. Before I got to the doorway I was wrapped in my favorite strong arms. I breathed in his leather and pine scent as it wafted around me. It was my favorite fragrance in the whole world, because it meant that he was near. He picked me up and stepped inside, tossing me onto the bed. 
My laughter turned to an intake of breath as he nuzzled my neck.



Chapter Two
The Honeymoon

The next day and the days to follow were filled with exploration and relaxation. We spent our mornings and afternoons playing the roles of tourists. We saw the Grand Canyon, the Hoover Dam and Botanical Gardens. Our nights, after a show of course, were either tucked away in the bedroom or lounging on the sofa watching movies and enjoying the view of the fountain from our huge picture window. I don’t know what I did to deserve such bliss, but I could get used to it. 
The only dark spot in our time away was my mother. I had eventually told her that we had eloped and let’s just say…she wasn’t happy. She yelled, cried and whined that I had made her a social outcast. When I explained that our wedding was about us and not her social status, she hung up on me. I was left in a dark mood. Depressing memories of both her and my father yanked me even further into a cyclone of gloomy images of my childhood.
Nate wouldn’t allow me to be upset by her reaction and after some steamy kisses my mood instantly perked up. 

“I don’t want to leave,” I whined as I watched Nate pack his things. It was the evening before we were to return home and I was sitting up, wearing a plush white robe provided by the hotel, my arms wrapped around my knees, my face buried in the soft, floral scented material. My possessions were still stubbornly hanging in the closet or tucked away in the drawers.
“You do realize that the room is booked and the new guests might notice you on their bed?”
Lifting my face up to gaze at him, I huffed out a stubborn breath, my lips in a pout. “Why are you so happy to go?”
He dropped a couple of balled up socks into his open suitcase, they rolled between his shaving kit and a pair of dark wash jeans. He sat down next to me on the bed. “I don’t want to.” He traced the tip of his finger along my cheek, my skin burned at his gentle touch. “This past week has been the happiest in all my life. But, now that it is over, I can’t deny how excited I am to bring you back to our life as my wife. I can’t wait to begin our lives together.” He dropped his hand and reached for mine. “I want to shout it from the rooftops that you are Mrs. Riley.” The smile that appeared on his face matched the jubilance in his eyes. His face shone with happiness as the dimples I loved so much came out to play.
He never failed in making me feel wanted. And after the episode with my mother a few days ago, it was a welcome feeling. “Don’t you mean Mrs. Green?” Green was the name he had used when I first met him. He used it instead of Riley to distance himself from his family. He wanted to protect them from other werewolves that might try to hurt him by harming someone he loved. It had happened in the past with his father and then a friend.
He shrugged. “Any name is fine with me, as long as it matches mine.” He leaned forward and touched his lips to mine, creating an electric current on my skin. Although I was suddenly lost in his lips, the feel of his tongue on mine, I noticed his hand slipping under my robe. “And right now I want to show Mrs. Riley or Green how much her husband loves her.” He mumbled his words against my lips and I gasped as he bent down to trail kisses along my now exposed bare shoulder. My head fell back onto the pillow as he explored, relishing the sensations his kisses were creating. As we became lost in each other, I thought about what he said. He was right, we had the rest of our lives together and this was just the beginning. 

“Wake up sleepyhead.” The soft, sexy voice in my ear was as familiar as my own. I sat up and blinked at the sun glaring in through the window of Nate’s sport car. I breathed in deeply and ran my hand over my face. I felt groggy and confused. Where were we?
I glanced around our surroundings and smiled. We were home. Our journey was over, but instead of being disappointed, as I thought I would be, I felt giddy. I didn’t know how much I missed our small comfy lake cottage until I was looking at it again.
Nate got out of the car and before I had the chance to open my door he was there doing it for me. “Thank you, sir.” I curtsied in front of him when I climbed out, loving how much of a gentleman he was. He grew up in the eighteen hundreds and manners were engrained in his brain. The smell of fresh lake water welcomed me home. 
Nate grinned, taking my hand to kiss my knuckles. He lingered a few seconds, his hot breath creating goose bumps along my arm. When he pulled away he pushed my door shut with a thump and gripped my hand. Instead of dropping it, so we could grab our suitcases, he squeezed my fingers in his and led me up the steps. “The bags,” I reminded him, looking back at the trunk of the car.
He continued to lead me up the porch. “They can wait,” he said as he unlocked the door and then scooped me up in his arms, his delectable scent whirled around me. “Welcome home Mrs. Riley.” His expression was intense as he gazed at me. The adoration in his eyes warmed my heart and took my breath away. I gulped, reeling from his sudden change in mood. Gone was the jovial man he had been in the car and when he opened the door for me. This man that held me, emanated so much emotion, it was palpable. He stepped into the living room and closed the door behind us; the click of the latch echoed in the silent room.
He didn’t put me down until we entered our bedroom. As I slid down against his body my stomach did a flip. We had been through a lot to get to this moment. I loved him so much my heart ached. He must have been feeling the same, because his intense gaze lingered and held my eyes; I couldn’t look away, even if I wanted to. We seemed to be frozen and unmoving as we expressed our feelings through eye contact.
Finally, after what felt like hours, Nate moved. He reached out and tucked a lock of my strawberry blond hair behind my ear. I leaned into his hand and instead of pulling away he lightly traced his finger over my lobe and down to my jaw, searing a trail of heat along my skin. He continued his journey until he reached my lips and softly moved the pad of his finger over them. Just as I opened my mouth, as he had done a week ago in our bed in Vegas, he drew his hand away and he stepped behind me.
I sucked in a breath as he melded his body to mine. I could feel his hot breath in my hair and I leaned back into his chest. He breathed in deeply. “I love your hair,” he whispered. “The color of fire with the smell of raspberries.” His voice was a raspy whisper and it was sexy as hell. His warmth seeped into my back, creating a current between us. I closed my eyes as his hands moved over my arms and then down my ribs. I could feel his fingers through the soft fabric of my silk blouse. I swayed against him as his hand slipped under my blouse and in one fluid movement he ripped it from my body. I gasped as the cold air caressed my skin. Goose bumps appeared along my flesh, only disappearing as he rubbed his rough hands over my waist. I tried to turn around to face him, but he held me, nuzzling his face into my hair. He gently brushed the strands to the side and then began to kiss my shoulder and neck ever so softly. I sighed, becoming lost in sensations. “Welcome home,” he whispered into my ear, his hot breath kissing the sensitive lobe.
His low husky voice made me shiver and I tried to turn around. I wanted to kiss him; to touch him. Again, he held me in place, not letting me move. I knew if I really wanted to turn around, he’d let me. And honestly after all the training I had done with Adrian when I realized I was a werewolf, I could have flipped him over my shoulder and tossed him to the floor. But my mind had gone to mush: his scent and touch were driving me mad. I was under his spell, helpless to feel and experience what he wanted. His fingers trailed down to wrap me in his arms and lifted me, tossing me onto the bed. The pillows and mattress bounced with me.
The movement broke the spell I was under and I took the chance to explore. My hand grabbed at his V neck and yanked. My eyes widened in shock when the fabric ripped. He froze above me and glanced at the tear at his shoulder. At first I thought he might be angry. I still wasn’t used to my new strength, as a werewolf, I should have known better. A laugh burst out of him, his eyes shining. I grinned, not sure what to say and before any words could form on my lips he pulled the shirt again, ripping the V neck even more, until it was off of him completely. I joined in his laughter and rose up to touch his lips.
With laughter and excitement, he kissed me harder, until all humor evaporated, the emotion changing to something so intense words couldn’t express the meaning.

Bang, Bang Bang. The sound of pounding on the door pulled me out of a deep sleep. As I regained consciousness, I felt Nate’s arms wrapped around me. The sound of his strong heart beat thudded against my ear. I opened my eyes and glanced around, not sure where I was. Was it just this morning that we were in Vegas? Bang Bang. Again, someone thumped on the door. “I know you’re in there Megan. Open up.” My honeymoon was officially over, my mother was here.
Despite the noise Nate remained asleep, his face peaceful, his breathing deep. He must have been tired. We had to leave for the airport at three o’clock that morning and unlike me, he hadn’t had a chance to rest. The sun was still out, so we couldn’t have been sleeping long. Not wanting to wake him, I moved quietly, trying not to disturb him.
Just as I made it to the living room, she began to bang again. I whipped open the door as her fist hung in the air. I tied the straps of the robe I had thrown on and glared at the woman who had ignored me most of my life. “What are you doing Mother?” My voice was filled with all of the annoyance that I felt for having been woken from such a perfect nap, snuggled with my new husband.
Her face twisted in what looked like disgust, her nose tipped in the air as if she smelled something foul. “How could you?” she asked coolly, storming past me, her bony shoulder digging into mine. Her strong perfume wafted into my nostrils, making my eyes water.
I stood with the door open; facing the outdoors with my eyes closed and took a deep breath trying to gather courage to face her. Finally I closed the door and spun around. “How could I what Mom? Marry the man I love?”
She stood against the arm chair, wearing a tight silver sleeveless dress. Her platinum hair fell in waves around her gorgeous, young-looking face. I hated that people said I looked like her. Except for our hair and eye color we had a lot of the same features. “You know what I mean. What am I supposed to tell everyone?”
I let out a frustrated breath and stepped over to the couch to sit down. I sat forward with my hands clutched on my knees, my fingers digging into my skin. “We hadn’t even picked a wedding date. It’s not like the invitations went out.”
“I have been discussing this wedding with my friends for months, everyone knew it was happening. And now I’ll have to tell them it’s cancelled. How can you be so selfish?”
My head snapped back like she had slapped me. I was utterly stunned by her words. A slow simmering rage began inside me, threatening to erupt. “Why do you even care mother?” I asked quietly, through gritted teeth. I winced as my nails dug into my knee, as I tried to hold back the anger. “You never gave a damn about me before, why start now?”
Her gray eyes narrowed into slits. “How dare you say that I don’t care about you? Who was there for you to buy you clothes and every toy you ever wanted. Who do you think picked out your car?”
It was almost sad, that the examples she used for caring were of things she had paid for. She hadn’t been a real parent to me in years. “That’s right mother, because that is how you express your feelings, with money!” I raised my voice, almost yelling at this woman who was so cold to me during my entire childhood. I never understood how she had come from such wonderful parents. She flinched at the unexpected raise in volume in my voice. “It’s not you who I cried to when I scuffed my knee or fell off my bike, that was Mona. Just like she explained puberty and the facts of life to me, it wasn’t you who taught me how to ride a bike in the first place, that was Ben. They are my real parents. They are the ones who should have been at my wedding. But because of your selfishness, you managed to ruin what should have been the happiest time in my life.” Ben and Mona worked for my parents. She was my nanny turned cook and he was our gardener. They had a small house on our property and as I told my mother, they had been more of a family to me than my own parents.
Her normally fake tanned complexion, paled as she stared at me in shock. Her eyes watered with equally fake tears. “How dare you say that to me? I am your mother. I love you. I have always loved you.” Her voice was thick with emotion as she dug through her designer bag for a tissue, dabbing at her eyes with it once she found one.
I cringed as a tiny nibble of guilt worked its way into my conscience. Damn her fake tears. But I wouldn’t let her manipulate me. I did nothing wrong and I was tired of her treating me this way. “That’s a load of crap and you know it.” Her eyes bugged out of her head and I had to suppress a laugh as I went on with what I should have told her a long time ago. “Look around Mom,” I gestured with my hand to the space around us. “None of your friends are here. You don’t have to put on a show. It’s just you and me and we both know that as soon as you inherited Grandma’s money after she died, I was a burden, an obstacle, in the way of your social life. You never wanted me around and there is no point in pretending.” I was shaking with anger now, but I had done the impossible—my mother was speechless. The silence in the room was thick with animosity as we stared each other down. I could hear a gull outside let out a shriek and the sound of the waves swaying against the beach, but nothing else. 
Nate cleared his throat and both of us spun around to face him, unaware that we had an audience. My mother flushed with embarrassment and my heart warmed by the look of pride on his face. He was standing in the bedroom doorway, dressed casually in navy blue pajama pants and a gray t-shirt. His pale blond hair was sticking up slightly at the back of his head, evidence of both our afternoon encounter and our nap afterward. “Maybe there is a compromise,” he offered softly.
When I only raised a brow at him, he joined me on the sofa, taking my hand in his. His presence gave me the support I needed. “We could throw a reception for all of our family members and a few friends.” This was the man I loved. He was calm and considerate and extremely kind. He loved all of his own extended family and really was the glue that held them together. It was a shock when I first found out that he was a werewolf. I had driven to the main house to get answers and witnessed their true family dynamic. They looked to him for advice and as the real head of the family; he gave it with love and compassion. It was the oddest sight I had ever seen, grown men answering to someone who appeared to be eighteen. I found out later that he was just a tad bit older than that.
Now he was trying to do the same for my family. I was so touched that he would try, even though it was a lost cause.
My mother lifted her chin haughtily. “Will I get to make the arrangements?”
Nate opened his mouth to speak, but I cut him off. “NO!” My mother’s eyes narrowed in my direction once again. “Why do you think we eloped in the first place?”
She gaped at me innocently. “I couldn’t even begin to understand you, Megan.”
“You were driving me nuts! If it wasn’t for the constant phone calls, it was how you were trying to one-up all of your friends. It wasn’t about me. You were making MY WEDDING about you.” Again my voice was rising and my heart was beating faster with rage. Nate squeezed my hand and leaned over to softly kiss my temple. His gesture calmed me a little. I gritted my teeth, trying to keep my voice civil. “I told you when we first got engaged that I wanted to keep everything small. But when you handed me the guest list and the cost, I couldn’t do it anymore. The wedding was no longer mine—it was yours.”
Her gray-blue eyes softened and she even had the decency to look embarrassed. “What if I do it the way you had originally wanted this time? We can have it at the house, so I can’t get carried away with the guest list. I’ll even have Mona help me; she can rein me in.” My mother glanced at me sheepishly, her eyes pleading. This was a side of my mother I hadn’t seen since my grandmother died, she was vulnerable. For the first time in my life I held the cards.
Nate lifted my hand that he still held, up to his lips and softly kissed it. “That sounds lovely, do you think?” His eyes implored mine, telling me to give a little.
I sighed, feeling deflated and outnumbered. “Fine, but at the first sign that it’s getting out of control I’ll cancel the whole thing.”
My mother beamed at me, her eyes sparkling with happiness. She reached over and touched my face with her hand, the first time she had made contact with me in some time. “You will love it, I promise.”
Instead of waiting for either of us to respond, she jumped up. “I’d better go. I have so much to do. How does two weeks sound?” she asked us. When we nodded, she grinned. “Perfect. I’ll call you with details in a few days.” At the door, she turned around, her face clouded with remorse. “And Megan, you were right. I had made it about me. I’m sorry. This time will be different, I promise.” With that, she spun on her heel and slipped out the door.
I hated the twinge in my heart her words had caused. I had always wanted to hear some kind tenderness from my mother and now I wondered if it was real. This was my mother; I couldn’t get my hopes up. 
Nate and I could only stare at the empty space that she had previously occupied as we listened to her car start up and drive away. Suddenly, I was in his arms and he was squeezing me. I inhaled his scent, letting the smell soothe me. “I’m so proud of you,” he whispered.
I knew what he meant, but I was still in shock. I had never told my parents how I really felt, not like that. Instead of her having a major meltdown like I had always expected, she smiled and apologized.
I was literally speechless.



Chapter Three
The Call

A few days later, everything was back to normal. All of our family and friends had accepted the fact that we had eloped. We were now looking forward to the tasteful and elegant reception my mother and Mona were planning. Surprisingly she was following my wishes and had only called me when necessary. Mona had told me that she was truly trying to make me happy. When Mona found out what I had said to my mother, she let me know that she was proud of me and that I should have done it a long time ago. If I had known that my mother would have shown even a tiny bit of remorse, I would have.
“Megan, I’m leaving. I’ll see you tonight.” Nate’s voice called to me from the front door as he left for work. I was just adding the finishing touches to my makeup as I got ready for my day at the shelter. I was getting a tour of the new wing. It wasn’t ready yet, mainly just the frame was up, but Julia and I were anxious to see it.
“Okay, I love you!” I yelled back, although I wasn’t sure why, considering we were both werewolves and could hear very well. I heard the front door slam shut and his car start up and drive away as I shoved my makeup back into the bag.
When I was ready, dressed in a pencil skirt and silk blouse, I grabbed my purse off of the bed and my keys fell out dropping onto the rug. The clinking of the metal was muffled against the plush carpet.
When I bent to pick them up, I noticed a thin notebook stuffed under the mattress on Nate’s side of the bed. With just a tiny twinge of guilt, I yanked it out. The cover was dark blue with no writing on it. As I turned to the first page, I wasn’t exactly surprised with what I found. Three pages were filled with the name Isaiah King, but all the addresses were different. The memory of finding the name in the pocket of his jeans just after Charlotte was killed flashed in my mind. Nate had explained that he thought she was reaching for the paper and not a gun as Joe had assumed. He was just trying to protect us by killing her, but later regretted his actions when no gun was found in her pocket.
Nate also believed that the name was for him, because right before she was killed, she had admitted that she regretted making him a werewolf. Not that we believed her, she would have said anything to save herself. I knew Nate was curious about it, but I didn’t know he was looking for him. I stuffed the book back where I found it with a mental note to ask him about it tonight. Right now, I needed to go.

“You’re late,” Julia muttered from her desk, her hair was up in a bun, as it always was. She was wearing a violet blouse. The color highlighted her smooth peaches-and-cream skin tone. Her eyes stayed glued to the grocery list in front of her as I rushed through the door at the shelter. She was my partner in running Riley House ever since Nate went back to working for his family business at Riley Department Stores. I didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life and opted not to go to college and waste money until I could decide what to take. So when Nate left the shelter, it was a perfect fit. I loved the shelter. It had filled something missing in my life that I had never experienced before, helping others was my calling. 
I plopped the file that I had been working on last night onto the wooden surface in front of her and stuck my tongue out. 
“Are those the ideas for Fun Day?” she asked, finally glancing up at me, her brown eyes lighting up with her question.
“Yes.” I shoved the strap of my bag up on my shoulder.
Fun Day was an idea I had when I returned from Vegas. The families had gone through so much before they arrived at Riley House that I thought they needed a day to forget all the hardships that had occurred. Life for most of these people was not an easy one. Even when they moved into the shelter there were chores to be done, jobs to be found and a constant string of sessions to better their lives. Except on Fun Day: they’d be free of all that, with nothing to do but enjoy. We were looking for extra volunteers to work on that day because the residents wouldn’t be. Last night I had stayed up late coming up with a theme, activities for the kids and events for the adults. It was a surprise, so far only Julia and Lilly knew about it. 
Julia dropped the notebook she was writing in and flipped open the file, skimming through my ideas. She grinned and looked up at me. “This is great.”
I beamed at her, loving her praise. I enjoyed my work and I appreciated her comments. “Thanks. Is Evie working tonight?” Evie was hired after my last absence. Julia needed help and I didn’t blame her for hiring someone to fill in when I disappeared. And since I had become a werewolf, I knew it would probably happen again. Drama seemed to follow me ever since I met Nate. Not that I regretted my life with him, it just made my former, boring life interesting.
“Yes, she’ll be here until midnight.”
I nodded and started toward the stairs heading to my office. “I’ll be right back and then we can go check out the new wing.” 
She turned her attention back to the list in front of her, absently twirling a stray strand of honey brown hair that had fallen out of her bun. “Sounds good, I’ll let Lilly know she’s in charge for a while.”
In my office I tossed my bag on the small couch and sat down at my chair, the wheels squeaked as I pushed forward. I wanted to check my messages before I headed downstairs. There was one from Anna, asking if we had any rooms available, she had a good candidate for us. She was our contact for Social Services and helped us find our residents. I dreaded returning that call, because no, there were no rooms. The new wing was nowhere near ready and the only resident that was even close to moving out was Mrs. Cloin and her sixteen year old son. The job we helped her find was going well, but she couldn’t move into her apartment for a month.
There were also a few calls from the contractor, telling me that there was a hold up with the plumbing and they wouldn’t be in today. I was hoping Adrian would be able to do the renovations, but since he wasn’t back yet we couldn’t wait. The last call was from Adrian himself, asking me to call him back. He said he had tried my cell but it was off. Damn. I was sorry I missed him. I dug through my bag and pulled out my phone and sure enough the battery was dead. As I was plugging it into its charger, Julia yelled from the bottom of the stairs for me to hurry up; she was expecting a delivery soon and she couldn’t take long.
I rushed out of the room thinking I’d make my calls when I got back.
We had to go out the front entrance of the shelter to get into the addition. We were waiting to create the entrance through the house until most of the work was done. We couldn’t have one of the children wandering into a construction zone. As we stepped into the wooden framed building, Mark, our head contractor, met us. “Hello ladies. Are you ready for your tour?”
We nodded our assent, suddenly feeling speechless as we looked around. The scent of wood and sawdust permeated the room. The structure was entirely framed and sheeted with plywood. The rooms had also been framed; all that was missing were the walls and trim. 
“As you can see we’re almost ready for the sheetrock. We’re just waiting on the plumber and electrician.” He glanced at me. “Did you get my message?” When I nodded, he added, “They will be here tomorrow.” 
“Wow, it’s really coming along,” Julia commented as we strolled through the addition, our heeled shoes thumped against the plywood flooring, the sound bounced off the walls of the structure in a deep echo. 
“So,” Mark began, pointing at the studded frames. “As you asked for, there are four suites down here, with a common area in the center; and the same goes for upstairs. But, unlike in the main house we put in small washrooms in each suite.”
“Oh, the residents will love that.” Julia grinned, clearly impressed with the work around us.
“It looks great Mark, can we see upstairs as well?” I asked, heading for what looked like a set of stairs. There were no walls framing it, just the bare planked steps.
He nodded and headed in that direction. “Of course, but it looks basically the same. When the sheetrock and trim is up and we start adding fixtures and artwork that’s when it will really come together.” His face lit up as he spoke, I could tell he really enjoyed his work.
I emerged into the second floor, thankful to be on solid ground. With nothing to hold onto as we ascended the stairs, my fear of heights had threatened to come out to play. But the fear vanished, as I glanced around, picturing what Mark described. Walls, trim, fixtures and a few pieces of art hanging on the wall in the hallway. I couldn’t help the giddy excitement that bubbled up inside me. This had been a dream of mine for months, since I started here at Riley House and it was finally coming true. A huge grin spread across my face and as I turned to look at Julia, her face held the same expression. 
“This is going to help eight more families.” Her voice was thick with emotion and before I knew it I was in her arms breathing in her floral scent. “You made this happen. You should be proud of yourself,” she whispered in my ear. 
I pulled out of her grasp and smiled, a lone tear fell down my cheek. “I am.”
She was referring to my quest to add more rooms. Since I had taken over for Nate at helping to run the charity I had the job of turning people away. Good families that were in desperate need of help and we couldn’t be that for them because of our limited space. I had been haunting the city officials, bugging them to let us add on, but they kept spewing crap about needing a certain amount of space between each property line. It was hopeless—until the house next door went up for sale. I wanted to buy it with my inheritance money my grandmother had left me. But both Julia and Nate refused to let me. They didn’t want me to use my personal finances in the shelter. But, since when did I ever listen to anyone? I called the executor of my grandma’s will and he made the arrangements. A few weeks later, the house was mine. A month after that we broke ground for the addition. 
“It looks great Mark, thanks for the tour,” I said to the tall man who was wearing a stained white t-shirt and frayed jeans. His dark, thick hair was graying at the edges and a few wrinkles lined his forehead. A tool belt hung at his waist and I was afraid if he turned around I’d see more than I wanted. 
“No problem. Anytime.” He added a wink as he walked us to the exit.
We waved good-bye and headed back to the main building. Julia’s delivery was just pulling up alongside the road and I slipped inside while she met the deliveryman.
I decided to stop by and see my friend Lilly who had begun to work here almost as much as I did. We didn’t usually pay the volunteers, but since she had kind of taken over for me, training the volunteers and overseeing their work, she was now on the payroll. With the addition and adding more residents I had more responsibility in the office.
As I entered the kitchen, Lilly was yelling obscenities I didn’t even realize she knew. “Whoa! What’s wrong, Lil?”
She was leaning on the stove, slapping it with the palm of her hand, with a loud smack. When she heard my voice she spun around to face me. Her short blond hair was messy and her face was flushed. “The damn stove is broke and we have to serve lunch in an hour.”
I looked around to see Ellen, Mary and Bill chopping vegetables and chicken. Since I also spotted large pots and containers of broth on the large prep counter, I guessed that they were making homemade soup. 
I couldn’t stop the chuckle that slipped out of my mouth. “Well, I’m no expert, but I’m pretty sure, that hitting it is not going to help.”
Lilly scowled at me, but on her feminine features and tiny frame the look wasn’t as threatening as she might hope. “No, but it sure as hell helps me.” Her eyes widened in frustration. “What are we going to do? We have the soups almost prepared and that’s what’s on the menu for lunch.” The cranky attitude was so unlike her, she must have been frustrated. When Lauren first invited me to hang out with her and her friends, Lilly was the first of the other two to welcome me. Her bright smile and friendly attitude helped soothe the nerves that had built. I had just turned away from my old friends after they started a fire and allowed me to take the blame. When Lauren invited me over for a sleepover, I jumped at the chance.
Taking a deep breath, I considered our options to fix this predicament. Since Julia always kept the kitchen stocked, we should be able to come up with a backup meal. “Just make sandwiches for now and I’ll go upstairs and find a stove that can be delivered by dinner tonight.”
Lilly’s face relaxed. “What do we do with all of this?” She gestured to the food they were preparing.
“You can finish putting it together and then just cook it for dinner when the stove gets here.”
Her brows furrowed. “But Julia hates when we change the menu.”
I shrugged. “I know, but this time there is nothing we can do.”
She nodded and then started giving directions for the volunteers to split up; two to finish the soup and two to start the sandwiches. When everything looked under control I headed upstairs to search for a stove on line.
It turned out that ordering a stove was much more complicated than I thought it would be. Who knew that there were so many different types? I called Nate and asked what kind he wanted and when I found the industrial type he had specified they asked what the measurements were. How the heck would I know that? I called Nate back and asked him, but he didn’t know offhand. That left me with the task of finding a tape measure. And I had searched for half an hour to no avail before I thought to go ask Mark. When I did, he indeed had one and he insisted on doing the measuring for me. An hour later I had the stove ordered but was arguing with the guy on the phone about delivery. We needed it now: dinner was only a few hours away. After a ten minute argument I found myself back at the addition grovelling at Mark’s feet. He agreed to pick it up and install it. I was so relieved, I almost hugged him.
By the time I left for the day, I was exhausted.
“Hey Meg,” Nate called from the kitchen when I got home. He was stirring something in a large pot that smelled like tomato sauce. I hoped he was making pasta. I was in the mood for something hearty and comforting. He glanced up at me and the small smile on his face faded. “Hard day?” he asked.
I tossed my bag on the couch and fell into the soft cushions. “It started out fine, but the damn stove got the better of me.” 
He set the lid back on the pot and poured broad noodles into a smaller one. The water bubbled and steam floated up into the air. “Did it show up?” 
“Finally,” I answered with a tired sigh.
He opened the fridge, pulling out a soda and walked toward me. He handed me the cold can and sat down on the couch next to me. Setting his hands on my shoulders he began to rub. “Ahhh…” I almost purred, his hands felt so good. All the tension from my busy day floated away. 
“I tried to call you a while ago to ask if you were on your way, but it just went to voicemail.”
Damn, my phone. “The battery is dead and it’s charging in my office. I forgot about it.” Oh, crap. I forgot to return my calls. After the stove was out of the way, I had a few more disasters to smooth out. One of the residents kids had gotten into a fight at school and his mother was having a fit. He had a black eye and a bloody nose and he wouldn’t speak. His mother kept asking, very emotionally, what had happened and he just shut down. In order to smooth things over I took him to the bathroom in my office and cleaned his face. While I wiped the sticky, dried blood I told him how my parents used to ignore me and that he was lucky to have a mother that cared about him. He then spat out that yes she cared, but he would give anything to be rich like me. That’s when I knew what had started the fight. A stupid kid was teasing him because he and his mother were poor. I told him about waking up almost every Christmas morning with lots of toys, but no parents. I told him all the sad stories I could think of. Then I added that his mother loved him and she was working hard to make his life better. He might not have been smiling when he left, but at least the scowl he had come in with was nowhere in sight.
Letting my thoughts slip away, I allowed myself to enjoy the healing hands of my new husband as he kneaded and rubbed the kinks from my shoulders. When the pasta pot started to boil over, he jumped up. The couch suddenly felt empty from his quick departure.
“Crap,” he mumbled as he patted a towel on the stove’s surface trying to soak up the water that had spilled over. “If we want to eat tonight, I better stay away from you.” He winked at me from his position in the kitchen. “You’re very distracting.”
I grinned before opening my soda. Brown fizz floated up and I sipped it from the top of the can.
Once dinner was ready and we had sat down to eat I remembered the notebook I found this morning. “Um…Nate,” I began nervously. He had the book hidden and I was worried of how he would react when he heard that I had looked through it.
He was shoveling a big forkful of pasta into his mouth and his eyes looked up through his lashes. “Hmm?” was all he managed with his mouth full.
I swished my fork through the noodles on my plate feeling anxious of his reaction. “I found your notebook in under the mattress. Why didn’t you tell me you were looking for Isaiah?” Now that the words were out, I felt better about what I had done. He didn’t need to hide things and he knew I hated it when he lied to me.
He gulped his food down and sat up in his chair. His face washed in what appeared to be guilt. “Until I know what his name even means I didn’t want to mention it to anyone.”
I understood that, but still felt a pang of hurt that he hadn’t discussed it with me. I was his wife, his werewolf mate for life. We were supposed to share everything. But Nate had this problem of taking on the weight of the world alone in order to protect the people he loved. When would he learn that I was his partner now and he didn’t have to carry everything alone? “Why are you even looking? You can’t trust anything Charlotte said.” Finally, I stopped playing with my food and began to eat it. 
Nate nodded. “I know, but I can’t help but feel it’s important. It is not interfering in our life.”
“Nate, you don’t have to defend what you’re doing. I’m your wife, not your mother.”
He smiled, his vivid blue eyes lighting up. “I know, but I felt guilty, doing it without discussing it with you.” Good, I thought selfishly.
I dropped my fork onto the oak table and gazed at him. “You know you can tell me anything.” I reached out and covered his hand with mine. “I’ll help if you want.”
His smile widened and he opened his mouth to say something, but stopped when the portable phone started to ring. Since I was closer I leaned over to reach the end table, picked it up and hit the talk button. “Hello?”
“Meg! Why the hell haven’t you returned my call?” Adrian’s voice was filled with frustration. 
Guilt washed over me, at the sound of his voice. “I’m sorry. I’ve had quite a day; I forgot. What’s wrong?”
“I need you. Can you come out here?”




Chapter Four
Arrangements

I glanced at Nate unsure what to do. I really wanted to help Adrian. He was my friend and he had been there for me when I first turned into a werewolf. He helped me at a time when I felt lost and alone and I desperately wanted to return the favor. I knew how important it was for him to find his sister and had offered to help every time he called me, but now was not a good time. I was right in the middle of the construction and I had just gotten back from our honeymoon. On top of all of that, our reception was a week and a half away. “Why, what’s going on?”
“I’m in a small nowhere town called Marksville, outside of Sacramento. I tracked Marisa here and once again she disappeared. But now I know she’s being intentionally kept from me.”
“How?” 
“I found a picture from her old school in Philadelphia and have been passing it around. Yesterday a man in a deli recognized it. He told me that he often saw her coming and going into the apartment complex across the street. I sat down to watch for her through the window, showing her picture to other patrons in the restaurant. A few hours later I found another lead. Someone mentioned that the girl went to a nearby school. I left for an hour or so to check it out and when I came back I smelled Marisa’s scent in the street. I had just missed her. I followed it into the building and broke into an apartment. It was empty. They were gone.”
“Did you smell any other scents with your sisters?”
“Yes, there was one, but I don’t recognize it. There was something strange about it.”
His voice sounded odd, like he was hiding something from me, but I didn’t push him. “I’m so sorry about all of that. How can I help?”
He sighed into the phone and the line crackled in my ear. “I’m thinking that two noses will be better than just mine. That way if I leave to go look at another lead you could stay with the first one.”
I was silent as I glared at Nate, mouthing the words, “What should I do?” Nate might have heard what Adrian had said, but he looked confused with what I was saying. “Can I call you back? I’ll talk to Nate and get back to you.”
Adrian sighed again, his frustration loud and clear through the phone line. “Yes, but I’m getting tired of the constant, almost. I am so fed up with nearly finding her.” The pain in his voice broke my heart and I knew before I hung up what I was going to do. He needed me and I couldn’t let him down. I just didn’t know how to make it happen.
“You’re leaving aren’t you?” Nate asked, once I sat the phone down. He pushed his empty plate away from him and leaned his elbows on the table, resting his chin on his hand.
I smiled apologetically. “Do you want to come with me?”
“Of course I do, but I don’t think I can get away.”
I tapped my finger on the edge of my plate, creating a clinking sound. “I’m not sure I can either, we’re right in the middle of the renovation and I just got back from a week away. I’m not sure Julia will be happy about this. I can’t keep shoving all the work onto her.” I grimaced, the idea of leaving right now seemed impossible. But, I couldn’t say no to Adrian either what he was doing was too important.
“That’s why we hired Evie. Besides, I’ll still be here if Julia has any issues she can’t handle.” He sat back in his chair, his arm resting on his knee. “I miss it there and this will give me a chance to see some of the residents, if I recognize anyone.” He volunteered when he could, but the store took up a lot of his time.
I blew out a breath and closed my eyes. I wasn’t sure what to do. Guilt over my constant disappearances flowed over me like a tsunami. I couldn’t ask Julia to take over again, but I needed to help Adrian. He was a very good friend and I had offered my help many times. I couldn’t turn him down when he finally decided to take me up on it. Besides, I knew that if I needed help he’d drop everything to come to my aid. The answer was clear. I knew what I had to do.
“Julia will understand,” Nate said quietly, as if he knew the struggle going through my mind. I opened my eyes to see a comforting grin on his face. His image was like looking at the sun. It filled me with warmth and I was awed by it. His love and understanding was never ending and at times I was overwhelmed.
I shoved my chair back with a squawk against the linoleum and headed into the bedroom. I wanted privacy to make my next call. Not that I didn’t trust Nate, I did with all my heart. I just didn’t want an audience while I once again threw all of the work onto my friends. I dialed Julia’s personal number which I had used many times. “Hello?” 
“Hey, Julia. Are you busy?” My voice wavered a tiny bit. I just hoped she didn’t notice. I paced the carpeted floor and stood in front of the patio doors looking out at the gray overcast evening. The sun had slipped behind the horizon, leaving the sky dull and dreary. It wasn’t raining yet, but I had heard on the drive home that it was in the forecast.
“No, just doing the dishes. Is there something wrong? Did Evie not show up?” Julia had left the shelter before I did. And I only did once Evie relieved me.
“No, as far as I know, everything is fine at the shelter.”
She breathed a sigh of relief as a dog barked in the background. “Good. So what’s up?”
I sighed. “Adrian called.”
“Did he finally take you up on your offer?” She knew he was searching for his sister, she just didn’t know the werewolf aspect of it. I had fibbed a tiny bit by telling her that the police were looking into it also.
“He did. He needs an extra pair of eyes. But I’m not sure if I should go.”
“Why? He’s your friend and you’ve been telling him for months that you wanted to help.”
“Because, I hate that I keep leaving the shelter and piling everything into your hands.”
She was quiet for a few seconds and there was a muffled noise over the phone like she was moving around. “Megan, I know how much you love the shelter and for the last six months you’ve thrown yourself into it. Besides your honeymoon, you’ve worked constantly. I was the one who bailed on you in February.” By ‘bailed’ she meant got sick. Her doctors had discovered tumors on her ovaries and they had to be removed. She was off for six weeks. 
I turned away from the patio door and sat down on the edge of the bed, the springs groaned with my added weight. “I don’t think recovering from surgery constitutes as bailing on us.”
“Whatever.” She responded dismissively. “Things happen in life that you can’t predict. It’s fine. Evie and Lilly can help. Besides, I heard that Eddie was on break from school and was going to put in some hours.” Eddie was an old volunteer I had become friends with when I first started at the shelter and later he became Lilly’s boyfriend.
Although I felt some relief from her words the guilt would not leave my mind. “Are you sure?” I asked hesitantly but also feeling relieved. I needed to do this and it was a comfort that there would be no hard feelings that I was leaving again.
“Of course and if I need you I’ll call.”
I crossed a leg up over my knee and leaned back on the bed. “Definitely, and call Nate as well, he’s not coming with me.”
“He’s not?” The shock in her voice was obvious. We had been inseparable before our marriage. You’d think it would be even more so now. I didn’t want to leave him, but if he couldn’t come, I wouldn’t force him. It wasn’t for long anyway. I hoped with my extra werewolf senses that we would find Adrian’s sister in no time. And if not, Nate could join us when he had the time.
“No, he can’t get away from work right now. But hopefully I won’t be long.”
“When are you leaving?”
“I’m not sure, but as soon as I can. Can you call Anna back and tell her we have no rooms right now? She called yesterday and left a message.” A thought popped in my head. “Damn, my phone. I left it at the office today. I’ll have to pick it up.”
“Well, come by on your way out of town. I’ll see you if I’m there, if not, I hope you find her.”
“Thanks Julia, for everything.” My heart warmed as I thought of all she had done for me and the shelter. She really was a great person.
“You’re welcome and don’t worry about us.”
I smiled as I hung up and stepped out of the room.
“Everything okay?” Nate asked as he set a bowl into the sink, the dish thumped against the empty stainless steel basin.
I grabbed my half eaten plate off of the table and moved to the garbage where I began scraping my pasta inside. My appetite had disappeared. The fork screeched with each scrape and I cringed at the sound. “Yes. I felt so guilty though. But she reassured me that everything would be fine and she was truly okay that I was leaving again.” I placed my dishes into the dishwasher and turned to give him a quick peck on the lips. “Do you mind if I head into the bedroom, to make arrangements.” I glanced at the pots on the stove and the bread that still sat out on the table.
“Not at all, I can handle the cleanup.”
I smiled sadly, feeling an emptiness start to take over my insides. I was leaving him for a while and I hated the idea of our separation. 
In the bedroom, I turned on my laptop and called Adrian. He told me where to fly to and I promised to call back with my itinerary.
Once all the plans were made and I had given them to Adrian, I slipped back out into the living room. Nate was staring into his own laptop and one glance told me what I wanted to know. His laptop was open to a social page for none other than Isaiah King. This man was young, a student at the university of Colorado. Nate’s face was focused as he read the man’s profile. “Not him?” I asked as I plopped down on the sofa next to him, sinking in to the soft cushions.
He jumped, surprised to see me sitting next to him. He was so engrossed in his task that he hadn’t heard or scented my approach. “What did you say?”
I pointed to the screen in front of him. “I said, I guess that is not him?”
He shrugged. “I have no idea. Since I don’t exactly know what I’m looking for.” I could see the frustration in his eyes. I reached out and placed my hand on his.
“If it’s that important to you, why don’t you just ask Joe? He is her brother.”
He shook his head, closing the web browser and then the screen. “I don’t want to tell anyone until I know what the name means.”
I reached up and touched his face, gazing into his vivid blue eyes. “It could mean nothing.”
“I know.” He smiled, leaning into my touch. A few seconds later he lifted his head and my hand dropped. “Did you iron out your plans?”
“Yes, I’m booked for the ten o’clock flight to Sacramento in the morning. Can you drive me?”
His smile faded as he leaned closer, his hot breath brushed my cheeks. “I’ll miss you.”
I breathed in his scent, knowing it would be one of the last times I would smell it for a while. My heart lurched at just the thought of leaving him. “Me too,” I whispered, leaning my forehead against his. “But I have to do this. If someone is keeping Marisa from Adrian, he needs all the help he can get. She is his only family. You of all people know the importance of family.”
He nodded in agreement. “I’ll meet you there if I can.” His voice was soft and low, filled with emotion. We hadn’t been separated since he bit me six months ago. I had felt his loss every second I was away from him. And since then, we’ve been inseparable. This was different though; we weren’t fighting. I was just helping a friend. 
“You don’t need to. I’ll be fine.”
He lifted his head and gazed into my eyes. “I know, but I want to help too, if I can. I have a meeting in two days that I can’t get out of. After that I’ll join you, wherever you are.”
I smiled, feeling excited that he would be there. I had a feeling Adrian and I would need all the help we could get. It was surprising that after six months a werewolf still couldn’t find what he was searching for. “Great, I’ll keep you updated on our progress. I just hope that we find her sooner rather than later.”
He nodded. “The whole situation is odd. As a werewolf, Adrian should have found his sister long ago, even if someone was deliberately moving her just when he catches her scent. It can’t be a human, how would they know he was onto them?’
“You think a werewolf has had her all this time?”
He shrugged, standing up and holding his hand out for me to take. “Charlotte was involved and it’s the only explanation that makes sense.”
I placed my hand in his, warmth enveloping my fingers. “Well, this should be an interesting trip then.”
He didn’t answer as he pulled me up off the sofa and into the bedroom.



Chapter Five
The Search

The flight was uneventful. Since I had called Adrian before my plane took off and gave him my arrival time, he was there to meet me. He had driven into Sacramento the night before so he would be there when the plane landed. Then we were planning to drive the two hours back to Marksville, where he had last caught his sister’s scent. We’d track her from there. 
As I emerged from baggage claim I saw Adrian’s black hair and tall frame waiting in the lounge. With all the other scents and smells I couldn’t distinguish his and I was thankful I wouldn’t need to. Just the sight of him brought back images of our friendship. There were very few people that I felt a kinship instantly with and Adrian was one of them. I didn’t realize I had missed him so much until I saw his rugged features. His face was unshaven with not quite a beard, but a scruff covering his chin and jaw. His hair was untidy and longer than his usual short cut. The darkness under his brown eyes showed he wasn’t sleeping well. And the way his shoulders were slumped, suggested that the last six months of searching for his sister with no results had taken a toll on him. I knew he would never give up looking for the last of his family, but I could see that he was struggling. My heart went out to him. He was determined to keep his remaining family member with him. And I was determined to help make that happen.
His eyes lit up when he saw me and I rushed forward closing the distance between us. He hugged me close when I approached and I breathed in his chocolate, minty scent. His grip was strong as he held me, further evidence of his frustration. “I’m so glad you’re here,” he mumbled into my hair.
I tried to pull away, to return the sentiment, but I was unable to move. His grip was unyielding.
After several minutes and a few curious glances in our direction from fellow travelers, I began to feel a little awkward. “Um… Adrian?” My voice was muffled as I spoke into his hard chest. His black t-shirt smelled of crisp air and sweat.
A soft, “Hmm?” was his only answer.
“Can you let go? This is getting weird.”
A deep rumble of a laugh sounded in his chest as he finally released me. “Sorry. I’m just so happy to see a familiar face.”
I reached for the handle of my suitcase and studied him, now that I was closer. “You don’t look too good.”
He rubbed his hand over his face with an exasperated sigh. “I don’t feel good either. And I won’t, until I find my sister.” He took the suitcase from me and started down the corridor, heading toward the parking lot exit. I followed behind, trying to keep up to him, swerving around hoards of impatient travelers, both coming and going. I stared at the back of his t-shirt where there was a brown stain that I hoped was chocolate. I was afraid to take too big a breath and find out otherwise. “And I’m going to kill the werewolf who is keeping her from me.”
I stopped walking, shifting my carry-on to my other shoulder. When Adrian noticed I wasn’t behind him any longer he stopped. He turned around to face me, his brows rising in question.
“So, you think it’s a werewolf as well?” I asked, feeling a little leery. The thought of going up against another werewolf was not my idea of a good time. I’d had my fair share of werewolf battles and I was a little nervous to face more. I knew that not all of our kind were evil, but I had barely survived my run-ins with some that were.
He shrugged a shoulder slightly. “It’s the only explanation that makes sense. How else would they know I’m on their trail?” He began to move again and I reluctantly followed him through a crowd of people waiting outside the airport doors. When we had passed them he turned his head to look at me. “And besides, I’ve scented what I believe to be werewolf, but the scent is off. I can’t explain it.”
“What do you mean, off?”
He shrugged again, coming to a stop beside his Jeep. He opened the back and stashed my bag inside. Shuffling to the passenger door he turned the lock and opened the door for me. Instead of moving out of the way so I could climb in he stared off into the distance, deep in thought. A gust of cold air brushed my cheeks as I waited for him to speak. “I don’t know. There’s an added scent to it, one I’ve never smelled before. I’d like your take on it. I just hope the scents are still there when we return.”
When he moved to the driver’s side of the car, I climbed in…and winced. The air inside the vehicle wasn’t exactly what you’d call…fresh. 
“Sorry, it kind of stinks in here, I’ve been basically living in here for the last few months.” His words were confirmed when I glanced around the interior. There were food wrappers littering the floor and what appeared to be dirty clothes strung in the backseat.
“You might want to invest in an air freshener,” I suggested, wishing I could plug my nose. Even though I had accepted becoming a werewolf, I could have done without the heightened sense of smell right about then.
He laughed as I rolled down my window. Fresh air was definitely needed. “Yeah, well, maybe later. But right now I want to get back to Marksville. We need to return to the hunt as soon as possible.” 
As he started the car and pulled out of the lot I leaned forward, squeezing his leg, hoping to give him some reassurance. He was no longer alone. I was here and I would help him in any way possible. We wouldn’t stop until we found her. “We’ll find her.” 
Instead of answering he pursed his lips and nodded his head ever so slightly.
He was silent during the drive back to the town where he had last scented his sister. To fill the silence I prattled on about the shelter, filling him in on the progress they were making on the addition.
“Are they using 2x4’s or 2 x6’s?” he asked as we passed a tiny town I hadn’t caught the name of. Fields stretched before us and the sun shone brightly in the sky reflecting off the white road signs. After the dismal day we had back in Creekford the sun was a welcome change. And since we were in California there was no humidity like I was used to. 
He might as well have been speaking a foreign language. “Huh?”
“What size of studs are they using?”
My brow furrowed. “For what?” 
“To frame the addition.” He spoke slowly, as if talking to a child. 
“I don’t know.”
“They should be using 2x6’s; they’re sturdier. What kind of insulation are they putting in?”
Again, I had no idea? I shrugged my shoulders. “Adrian, I don’t have to know this stuff.”
“If you’re in charge then you should know.”
“I trust Mark. He’s the head contractor and it seems like he knows what he’s doing.”
“You’re paying him; he’ll say anything to make you think that. Just be careful. There are people out there that will take advantage.”
I puffed out a frustrated sigh. A snotty comeback about how he was supposed to be the contractor was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn’t say that. I knew he was doing what he had to. And I would do anything to help. “Well, once we find Marisa you can be in charge.”
His lips turned slightly at the corners, an attempt at a smile. “I hope so. And I’m sorry for bailing on you when you first started the addition. I really wanted to help.”
I waved my hand at him, dismissing his words. “It’s fine. She’s your sister, the last of your family; there is nothing more important than that.” I wished I felt the same for my own family. My parents and I hardly ever spoke and I honestly wasn’t sure how hard they would look for me if I was missing. It made what Adrian was doing all the more special. Not everyone would do it.
The drive only took an hour and a half, mainly because of Adrian’s crazy driving. After we arrived he pulled up alongside a four-story apartment building, in the middle of what looked like the center of the small town.
“Do you smell anything?” he asked when we stepped out onto the sidewalk. He meant did I smell a werewolf. I had never met his sister, therefore I wouldn’t have been able to distinguish her scent from any other humans that were walking past.
I breathed in deeply, but could only smell food, garbage, animals and human scents. “No, if it was here, it’s gone now. Why? Do you smell it?” 
He shook his head. “No, but I did yesterday morning before I called you.” A twinge of guilt appeared at his words. Since I didn’t get back to him until last night he wasted a whole day waiting for me. 
“So what do we do now?” I asked, new to this whole tracking thing. Nate and Joe had done it when they were searching for me and Lauren after Charlotte had kidnapped us. It took them a day and a half to finally track us down. But I had never had the need to find anyone and didn’t know if I could.
He glanced around our surroundings. “Well, so far whoever has taken her has gone a straight route, so we keep heading north. Hopefully we’ll catch a scent somewhere.”
“Should we take a look in their old apartment to see if there are any hints to where they might be headed?” I asked as I scanned the sidewalk. Two old men dressed in sweater vests and shorts were headed our way, carrying on a heated conversation. They barely noticed us as we stepped out of their way. A cloud of old spice wafted in the air. I coughed from the sheer strength of it and my eyes threatened to water.
“I did that yesterday. There was nothing.”
Since he wasn’t offering any suggestions I offered the only one I could think of. “How about I drive and you can keep your head out the window.”
He raised a brow at my words.
I shrugged. “That’s what Nate and Joe did when they were looking for me and Lauren.”
A half grin played at his lips, but his eyes were tormented. The reminder of my kidnapping must have brought up memories of his time with Charlotte. He hated her actions, but did nothing to stop her because he was afraid for his sister’s life. I understood his predicament and didn’t hold him responsible. He was as much of a victim to Charlotte’s sadistic behavior as I was.
He tossed me the keys before opening the passenger door. When I slid into the driver’s side he told me what road to take. 
As we began our journey we fell in to a quiet lull. I was focussing on the road and his head was leaning out the window like a dog with its tongue hanging out. When I asked him if he wanted a doggy biscuit he rolled his eyes and pointed a certain finger at me. I laughed as I turned back to the road, allowing the quiet take over again. 
After a few miles he broke the silence. “I’m surprised that Nate let you out of his sight, Mrs. Riley.” He elbowed me playfully, leaning away from the window for a moment.
My cheeks flushed, embarrassed for some reason. Adrian and I were friends and had never hinted at anything more, so I was surprised that his use of my married name affected me. “He wanted to come and help, but he has a meeting tomorrow that he can’t get out of. But he said he would try to meet us afterward if we still haven’t found her.”
His jovial expression faded. “I don’t want to be a bother. I only asked you because you offered.” His voice was strained at the mention of Nate coming to help.
“I hope you don’t think he holds my kidnapping against you. I know he punched you when he found out, but he now understands why you did it.”
Remorse flashed in his dark eyes. “I am so sorry about that.”
I let go of the steering wheel and reached out, placing my right hand on his. “I know,” I said softly, hoping to ease some of his guilt. He smiled sadly as I returned my hand to the wheel. 
He returned to his former position, his head leaning out the window, the wind slapping his hair around his face. “I’m also sorry that I couldn’t make your wedding. How did your mom handle you eloping?”
I grimaced as I noticed a sign up ahead announcing a new town. “Not well. She screamed and cried when I called her.”
“That must have been rough,” he said with sympathy in his voice. He knew that my relationship with my mother had been strained even though he had never met her. I had told him plenty about her when we first met.
“It was. But it got even worse when she stormed into the cottage and yelled at me the day Nate and I returned from our honeymoon.”
His eyes widened in sympathy, shock and even a tiny bit of humor. “How did you react to that?” There was a slight tremor in his voice and I knew that he was fighting laughter.
I chose to ignore his reaction. “I screamed at her and told her all of the things I’ve always wanted to.” I turned away from the road to look at him. “She actually apologized.”
He smiled. “Well, that’s good isn’t it?”
I focussed on the road ahead. “I guess, but it doesn’t change anything. Although she is planning a small reception with Mona and she’s keeping it small and tasteful.”
“Do you think you’ll have a better relationship with your parents now?”
“I doubt it. I’ve accepted them as they are and I don’t expect them to change, especially after just one rant from me.”
He was silent for a moment gazing out the window, his nostrils flaring as he checked for his sister’s scent. “I’d give anything to have my parents back.” The wistfulness in his voice was heartbreaking.
“Tell me about them.” I said, feeling sorry that Charlotte changed his life so drastically in one night. She killed his parents and sent his five-year-old sister away. He hadn’t seen her in ten years.
He smiled sadly, a shadow washing over his dark brown eyes. “My father owned a construction company and my mother was an interior designer. They both worked a lot, but when they were home they always planned fun things for us to do. My father and I built a tree house together and we used to have sleepovers in it when I was a kid. He was too tall for it, so his legs stuck out of the window when he slept.” His voice trailed off as we drove into a small town. “Are you hungry?” he asked as a burger joint came into view. I suspected he was happy to change the subject and I wasn’t going to pry for more.
I smiled. “I’m a werewolf. I’m always hungry.”
“Does that mean you’re finally accepting your new situation?”
I turned into the restaurant’s parking lot. “You mean turning nineteen? Yes, my birthday was a few months ago.” I grinned at my own joke. When I first met Adrian we were in a yogurt shop and instead of using the word werewolf we were calling it “being nineteen.” It was the age he was when he was bitten.
Adrian laughed, shaking his head. “Yes, that’s what I meant.”
My smile faded as I contemplated his words. “I am embracing my new life as much as I can.” I pulled into the drive-thru and stopped behind a red van. “Thanks to you.”
He sat up in his seat, no longer needing to lean his head out until we were back on the road. “What do you mean?”
“I took the advice you gave me when Nate was burying Charlotte and her buddies. You helped me see that when Nate bit me, he saved me from a lot of pain. And there was no point in dwelling on what I couldn’t change.” I moved forward in the line. My lips twitched, fighting the smile that was threatening as I thought about mine and Nate’s reunion. “We made up that night.”
Adrian smiled. “Good, I’m glad you saw how wise I am and took my advice.”
I snorted a laugh as we moved forward.
Once we placed our order and we were back on the road, I asked, “What happened to your parents’ house. Did you look there when you were searching for Marisa?”
He shook his head as he balled up a wrapper from the burger he had just devoured. He reached into the bag and pulled out another one. He took a few bites before he answered me. “No. Charlotte forced me to let her use it, so we used to stay in it when we were in the area.” He clenched his teeth and balled his hands into fists. “I hated them being there. James and Charlotte killed my parents and then they stayed in our house like they owned it. I couldn’t stand it.” His voice trailed off. “The first time we were there I tried to kill James.” His voice was an angry whisper. James was one of Charlotte’s minions, who just happened to be a nephew of Nate’s that hadn’t taken the secret of what Nate truly was well. Charlotte found him and bit him, making him a werewolf like she did to Nate so many years ago.
I sucked in a breath, suddenly nervous for him. His face was hard, his eyes colored yellow with rage. “What happened?” I whispered, my burger forgotten on my lap.
He lifted a shaky hand and pushed back his bangs to show me the claw marks I noticed when I first saw him in the yogurt shop. “I stabbed him with a silver knife and Charlotte attacked me in her wolf form.”
“Why didn’t the marks heel?”
“Because they put salt on it to prevent it from heeling.” He smirked, his lips turning into a bitter smile. “They wanted me to remember what would happen if I did anything like that again.”
I gasped, imaging how painful that must have been. “That had to hurt.”
His eyes flashed with fury as he nodded sharply. 
I swallowed hard, sensing the need for subject change. “Um…well…when we find Marisa, you can fix up your family’s home for her.”
He was now staring at the half eaten burger in his lap. “I’m never going back there.” His voice was barely above a whisper, but I heard him clearly.
Instead of talking I leaned down to turn up the radio, giving him as much privacy as I could, considering we were in a small vehicle together.
After twenty minutes of strained silence, he pointed to a town coming into view. “Let’s drive around here and see if we catch a scent.”
I followed his directions and made the turn off.


Chapter Six
Close call

The town of Boman was larger than it appeared when we first drove into it. Side roads wove from a busy main street that led to another business district. There were two high schools that Adrian wanted to drive around. He thought that if his sister was going to relocate, they might choose somewhere near a school. But after hours of driving without catching any scents we left the town.
We continued down the I-5, stopping at each town or city we came across hoping to catch the distinct smell of werewolf or Marisa’s human scent. When we still hadn’t found anything when the sun dipped in the sky, we began to worry that we had taken the wrong route. I finally convinced Adrian to stop and rent a hotel room for the night. I was tired from all the travelling, first the plane and then an entire day of driving in his smelly car. And if I was being honest, I missed Nate. Pathetic, I know. I couldn’t be away from him for one night. Man, I had it bad.
Adrian pulled into a tiny motel that was basically a small row of rooms. The outside was pale-blue sided, with most of the paint peeling, exposing gray rotting wood. “Are we sharing a room?” Adrian asked, wiggling his eyebrows.
“I don’t think so.” I answered dryly, pushing my door open. I was relieved when the cool evening air whooshed into the tiny space, replacing the smell of dirty socks inside the car. 
He laughed as he slammed his door and stepped onto the sidewalk in front of the motel’s office. “I guess you’re right, I haven’t been working out lately and I couldn’t take Nate’s reaction if he found out.” He rubbed his jaw, a slight smirk appearing on his face. Months ago, when Nate saw Adrian and me together and realized he was one of Charlotte’s minions, he went a little crazy and mistook Adrian’s face for a punching bag. I was shocked. It was so unlike the Nate I knew, he was the most non-violent person around, despite being a werewolf.
“Ha-ha.” I punched him in the shoulder softly. “I told you that he wasn’t angry anymore.”
He winced, holding the spot where I had hit him, feigning that it had hurt. “But he would be if we shared a room.”
I shrugged. “I’m honestly not sure. He trusts me and because we’re mated and married, I don’t think he’d care.” I stood next to him, yanking my bag over my shoulder. “But it doesn’t matter anyway. We’re not sharing a room.”
He winked at me as he pulled open the glass door.
The air in the tiny office stunk even more than Adrian’s car. Over the last six months I sometimes hated my extra werewolf senses. This was definitely one of those times. The most obvious odor was smoke. The old wrinkled man at the counter was smoking like a chimney. I couldn’t help the cough that escaped my lips as he blew a puff of the offending smoke at us. But the underlining stench that most humans would likely miss was body odor and urine. My gag reflexes were threatening to lose control. Adrian’s eyes widened, giving me a look of revulsion as he got a whiff of the disgusting smells. 
“Can I help you?” the wrinkled man wheezed, pushing his thick, black framed glasses onto his nose.
Adrian stepped up to the sign-in counter, leaning away from the man as much as possible. “Yes, we’d like two rooms next to each other, if possible.”
“You need easy access, do ya?” the old man asked with a wink in my direction. “Why not get one room?” After his insulting words, he laughed a cheesy, “Heh heh.”
My gag reflex threatened to return.
Adrian snorted out his own laugh and covered it up with a cough when I elbowed him in the ribs. “No, two rooms are fine; please.”
The man shrugged and leered in my direction. 
Once he took the money Adrian handed him, he gave us our keys.
I couldn’t get out of the room fast enough. The guy was giving me the heebie geebies.
Outside in the fresh air, I shook my body. “Ewww! He was creepy.”
Adrian laughed. “Oh, come on, he’s harmless.” He slung his arm over my shoulder and walked me to his car. “But it is a good thing we’re close. It gives me easy access.” He wiggled his eyebrows again and barked out a laugh when I swatted him in the shoulder. 
“Just open the trunk so I can have a shower and scrub the stench of that office from my body with a brillo pad. It smelled worse than your car.”
He narrowed his eyes at me, faking a scowl. “Ha, ha.”
Taking his keys out, he opened the trunk, pulled out our bags and then I followed him to our rooms. 
“Goodnight, Meg. I’m really glad you’re here.” The jovial tone disappeared, replaced by his serious words. “I didn’t realize how much I needed you.” I knew he meant that he needed companionship as much as my extra pair of eyes. He had been alone for way too long and his solitude along with his frustration in not finding his sister was getting to him.
“Adrian, you are my friend. I’m here for you whenever you need me.”
His eyes washed with emotion before he slipped into his room. I did the same and took in my surroundings. As expected, the room wasn’t the Ritz. But it was cleaner than I thought it would be and the stench from the office was thankfully missing. Instead, it smelled of lemons and cleaner.
After a quick shower, I fell onto the bed and flicked on the TV, looking only to chase away the silence. I dialed Nate, hoping he was still up.
“Hey, Meg. I’m so glad you called.” His deep voice was just what I needed to cheer my weary mind.
“Did I wake you?”
“No, I’m just going over some work before the meeting tomorrow. We’re thinking of expanding into Canada.”
I shifted on the hard mattress. “Oh, yeah? I thought your stores were all over the world.”
“No, not yet.” A muffled sound came through the line as if he was moving around. “So, how is it going?”
“Ugh, not good. We just drove around in Adrian’s smelly car all day and found nothing. We’re in a motel for the night, before we move on tomorrow.”
“I hope you find something soon.” He paused for a few seconds. “You’re not sharing a room are you?” he asked hesitantly.
I wanted to snort with laughter, but I didn’t want to offend him. “No, we’re in separate rooms. Why, would that bother you?”
“Uh…no. I mean, I trust you. But since we’re not sure whether or not Adrian has met his mate, I’m not entirely sure I trust him.”
Again, I fought the urge to laugh. Adrian had hinted at liking someone when we first met and I had thought he might have a mate. I wasn’t sure though and I never asked him. But Nate had nothing to worry about. I was a mated werewolf and I had absolutely no urge to be with anyone but him. “You realize I love you more than anything right?”
“I know and I love you. But you’re traveling alone with another guy, the person who you leaned on, after I betrayed you. I can’t help but worry a little.” I hated the strain in his voice. I wished he would forgive himself, but after everything we’ve been through, how could he doubt me? Besides, Adrian was and always would be my friend, nothing more. For some reason, I enjoyed being around him, he made me laugh and I felt comfortable with him. I considered him part of my family, or at least part of our little werewolf pack.
“Well don’t. You are my husband. Besides, Adrian said he hasn’t been working out since he’s been away and I have. If he tries anything, I’ll kick his ass.”
He chuckled softly, the soft sound warming my heart. “Why was I worried?”
I smiled, wishing he was there with me. I ached to feel his touch. “Who knows?”
We talked for a while longer until the day’s events started to creep up on me. We said good-bye and he promised to call if he was able to join us tomorrow.

The sound of a door slamming pulled me out of a deep sleep. My muffled brain registered that I wasn’t in the cottage. And just as my mind started to shut down once again the scent of an unknown werewolf drifted through the door. I jumped up, suddenly wide-awake.
Wearing only the tank top and shorts I fell asleep in, I peeked out the window. A girl that looked about my age with her brown hair in a messy braid, wearing faded jeans and a black rock band t-shirt, stood in the parking lot. “I’ll be right back. Stay in the car until I return.” Her voice was sweet and cheerful as she spoke to someone in the blue station wagon she emerged from. As she started to head toward the office I moved to the door and opened it, poking my head out. The werewolf with the braid had her hand out, reaching for the knob. 
When I turned my head and gazed into the car I could see a girl with long black hair, leaning back in the seat, reading a book under the interior light.
The wind shifted and from the corner of my eye I could see the girl with the braid spin around. Her gaze landed on me and then she was moving, running back to the car.
I stepped out of my room and banged on the door next to mine. “Adrian,” I yelled, just as the braid girl made it to her vehicle.
Before she slipped inside she reached out and stabbed Adrian’s tire with a knife that appeared out of nowhere. I rushed into my room, yanked on my jeans, grabbed my bags and rushed back out. The station wagon was spinning out of the lot and Adrian was opening his door. When he poked his head out, his hair sticking up in all directions, he was only wearing white boxers. His eyes were half closed as he opened his mouth to speak. I knew when he caught the scent because his eyes widened and his nostrils flared.
“They’re getting away, hurry up!” I yelled, banging on the roof of his Jeep.
He disappeared into the room and then quickly returned with his pants and shirt on and his bag over his shoulder. “What happened to the tire?” he shouted, irritation edging his words.
“The werewolf stabbed it with a knife.”
He pounded the top of the car; a thundering crack rang out in the night sky. “Well we can’t follow them like that.” He stepped away from the car. “Damn it!” His booming voice pierced through the air.
I remained still, my bag over my shoulder and suitcase handle in my hand. I didn’t know what to say to him. His sister had been so close and now she was gone. He must feel so frustrated. Nothing I said would have made it better.
He walked away from me and stood in the center of the lot, his arms bent and hands linked behind his neck, staring up at the sky, as if asking someone up there what to do next. I felt like I should say something comforting, but I had no idea what that should be. He was just ten feet away from his sister, the closest he’s been in ten years and now they were gone and with a flat tire we had no way to follow them. 
Finally, after several minutes of silence, I couldn’t take it any longer. I could feel his pain from where I stood and I had to try to help. “Why don’t we call a tow truck and get it towed to a garage. Or we could call a rental place and have them pick us up.
Adrian spun around, his face strained. “Or we could change the tire.”
I gaped at him. “You can do that?”
He stalked toward me, pulled out his keys and then opened the trunk to reveal a spare tire and a Jack.
“Why the hell didn’t you do that when they rushed out of here instead of just standing there?”
He spun around, his eyes flashing yellow with anger. “Because I was pissed off and I never thought of it until now,” he yelled.
I would have been angry, if I didn’t understand his frustration. He had never yelled at me before, even when I was being stubborn and refused to except that I had just become a werewolf. So I knew he must be upset.
He reached inside the trunk and unscrewed the tire from its lock and pulled it out. 
I watched his quick movements as he fixed the problem. Ten minutes later, we were on our way following the blue station wagon. Of course they were nowhere in sight, but since we saw the direction they took and the car they were driving, we had hope. Adrian was closer to finding his sister than he had been in six months and I could feel the nervous energy coming off of him.

“How did she look?” Adrian asked. It was the first time he had spoken since he fixed the tire. I had remained silent too, not knowing what to say.
I swallowed hard, understanding who he was referring to. “I didn’t see her very well. She was leaning back in the car reading a book. All I saw was the back of her head. She had long black hair.”
He nodded sharply, his eyes glazed with emotion.
“She seemed okay.” I gulped. The air in the car was thick with tension—and stinky socks. “The werewolf that has her is a teenage girl who looks our age. And she doesn’t seem evil. By the sound of her voice, she sounded like she cared about Marisa.”
The only reason I knew he heard me was because he gripped the steering wheel harder, his knuckles going stark white. 
I leaned my head out the window, sniffing the air. I had the werewolf’s scent in my senses and now I’d recognize it anywhere. But, unfortunately, I hadn’t caught it yet. She must have her window closed and until she got out of the car we wouldn’t find it.
After another long stretch of strained silence, I couldn’t take it anymore. “Are you alright?” 
Adrian breathed in sharply, his eyes flicking to mine: his stare intense. “I’m going to kill her.” His voice was so tormented; it tore at my heart and left me speechless.
I didn’t know what to say.



Chapter Seven
A Message

The back of my eyelids were bright pink and I could feel the hot sun baking over my face. I must have fallen asleep, but as I came into consciousness I could feel the car moving under me and the drone of the radio playing low. Slowly, I opened my eyes and stared at a jean-clad leg, black sneakers and the floor of the Jeep that was encrusted with gravel and dirt. The sound of wind whirling through the window and the scent of old food crashed into my senses. “Where are we?” I asked, my voice raspy with sleep.
“Just outside of Roseburg.” 
I sat up and glanced around, trying to shake the cotton from my mind. “No sign of them?”
“No.” His response was abrupt. He was obviously still in an irritated mood.
“I’m sorry Adrian. I should have tried to stop them. I know how to fight. I could have gone after the werewolf—”
“Don’t.” He interrupted me before I could apologize anymore. “It’s not your fault. She’s the one keeping me from my sister.” He turned toward me and I winced when I saw his yellow eyes. “And she’s going to pay for it.” It was then that I noticed his arms shaking. He was fighting the wolf.
“We’ll find them.” I placed my hand on his arm and rubbed softly, hoping to calm him. He must have been stewing the whole time I had been asleep, worrying about his sister. I wanted to make him feel better, but I didn’t know how—other than finding his sister and that was what I intended to do. We would search for as long as it took. 
He only nodded, turning back to face the road ahead. 
I gazed outside, taking in the scenery. We were in a rural area with only fields, trees and a few houses visible. A glance at the clock on the dashboard told me it was after ten in the morning. I had been out for a while. “Have you stopped at any towns to check for their scents?”
His eyes faded back to their natural color. “Some, but there weren’t any. I have a feeling she’s going to drive as far as possible since she’s been spotted. She probably won’t stop until they hit a big city where they can get lost in all the people.
I rubbed my sleep-caked eyes, digging the goop out of them. “What about bathroom breaks?”
With his attention still on the road ahead, he answered me. “If they stopped, they went deep into a town where I couldn’t scent them. If they went to a rest stop or along the road I would have known it.
I shifted in my seat and rubbed the cool window with the side of my hand, sending prickles into my skin. “Is that the closest you’ve been to finding them?”
He nodded. “And I was sleeping. She was right there and I didn’t even know it.” The self-hatred emanated out of him and again his eyes turned yellow.
“Don’t worry, we’ll find them.” My voice was soft and, I hoped, soothing. We couldn’t have him wolfing out inside the car while he was driving. 
Thankfully his expression softened as he turned to look at me, his eyes returned to their normal dark brown. “Thank you for coming. It’s much easier doing this with you.”
I smacked his shoulder; his muscles were not as hard as they were months ago. He definitely needed to get back to the gym. “You should have called earlier,” I scolded, feeling annoyed at him for so many reasons. First for refusing to ask for help and for not realizing he needed me earlier. If I wasn’t with him, we wouldn’t have almost caught them last night. And if he had taken more breaks or rented rooms instead of sleeping in his car, he wouldn’t have been so exhausted and probably would have heard them himself, even without my help. His refusal to let anyone in was frustrating, yet understandable. For ten years he was basically held captive with a group of selfish werewolves he couldn’t count on. I was his first real friend in a decade. Of course he would be hesitant to trust me or anyone else for that matter. But just because I understood his actions didn’t mean I would let him off the hook.
He grinned sheepishly. “I was trying to handle it on my own.”
I rolled my eyes. “You are not alone anymore. We are your friends.”
He sighed, slowing down to take a corner. “I’m not used to having friends I can trust. I guess I don’t know how to handle it.”
“Did you have friends before Charlotte found you?”
His lips turned up into a smile. “Yeah, I was in my first year at college. My best friend Marty was in the same course as I was and we met a few guys there. I was pledging a fraternity and lived on campus. I was home for the weekend when it happened.”
“What were you taking in school?” I wondered what he was like back then. Like Nate, he had so many regrets, courtesy of Charlotte. How would his life, or Nate’s for that matter, have changed if they hadn’t been turned into supernatural creatures? I would have missed the chance at knowing them both and that fact made me sad. The feeling turned to irritation when I realized that if it hadn’t been for that witch Charlotte my life would not have changed for the better. Two of my most favorite people were in my life because of someone I hated. I didn’t know how to feel about that.
Adrian’s answer pulled me out of those disturbing thoughts. “Architecture. My parents partnered in the business. My dad built the houses, my mom decorated them and I was going to design them.” His voice was softer than it had been since I had met up with him yesterday. The memories seemed to be stirring up emotions that he had suppressed for a long time. I was sorry I had brought it up.
“I didn’t mean to make it hard for you.”
“No, it’s fine. I should remember the happy times more. I’ll need to replay them for Marisa when I find her.” The cold look was no longer on his face. Now the expression he held could only be described as hope. 
When a truck stop came into view I realized I had to pee. “Can we stop here? I gotta go and I’m kind of hungry.”
“Sure, but let’s make it quick. I want to get back on the road as soon as possible.”
The rest rooms were on opposite sides of the building, so I left him at the entrance and followed the signs until I found what I was looking for. 
After I did my business I washed and dried my hands with a paper towel and then tossed it in the garbage. I was reaching for the door handle when an image registered in my mind and I spun back around. There was a small white triangle sticking out of the edge of the mirror. I touched the tip of it and yanked. It was an envelope with the name Adrian scrawled on the front. My heart raced and excitement fluttered in my stomach. Could this be from Marisa? What were the odds that I would just happen to choose the same washroom they must have been to earlier? I didn’t smell the werewolf anywhere and since I didn’t know Adrian’s sister’s scent there was no way to know if it was actually her—unless Adrian came into the washroom to check it out. There were too many human smells to decipher one.
I tucked the envelope into the back pocket of my jeans and rushed outside. Adrian was in line at a chicken place and I made my way to stand next to him. He barely acknowledged my presence as he gazed up at the menu, deciding what to order.
“I found something,” I whispered, knowing he would hear me.
We moved up in line and he turned his attention to me. “What?”
“Can I help you?” a blond teenaged girl with a chicken on her hat asked. 
Adrian moved toward the counter. “Yes, I’ll have three chicken sandwiches, three large fries and a large Coke.” As she rang up his order he turned to me, his brow raised.
The girl finished pushing buttons and looked up at me expectantly. I hated ordering food in public. It was embarrassing how much I ate and most people gaped at me if I ordered too much. “I’ll have the number six.” I was saved by the meals. I didn’t have to announce to everyone that I wanted six pieces of chicken and a large order of fries. She pushed in the order without a condescending expression, just as I had hoped.
We moved over while our order was being prepared and I pulled out the envelope.
“What’s that?” Adrian asked, eyeing the object in my hand apprehensively.
“I think it’s from your sister.”
His eyes widened. “What?”
“I found it sticking out of the mirror in the washroom.” I pushed the letter towards him, but instead of taking it he continued to eye it like it was a bomb. When our food bags were placed in front of us I sighed and slid the envelope back into my pocket taking my bag. 
He didn’t speak until we were safely out of hearing distance, situated in the vehicle. “Can I see it?”
I pulled the letter back out and this time he took it. His expression was full of nerves as he slid his finger under the flap to break the seal. 
I was silent as he read it out loud.
Adrian,
I don’t know if you will find this, but I’m hoping the girl you are traveling with will eventually have to use the rest room. Eva is worried I have developed a bladder infection with the amount of times I have asked to stop. I’ve left three other letters like this.
If you do read this, please know that I miss you and have no idea why Eva won’t let you see me. All I know is that she says she is trying to protect me. 
Until we saw your friend at the motel I didn’t know who we were running from. That changed when I heard your name. I know I don’t need protection from my big brother. You were a hero I looked up to when I was little and now you are more of a fantasy I see only in my dreams. The images of you and our parents are fading and I need you to bring them back to me. So, please find me so we can do that together.
She is taking me to Portland. She wants to relocate and is hoping that the big city will hide us. She likes to stay near schools, so make sure you look there. If you find us, please don’t be too angry or hurt her. She has become the only family I have.
Marisa
When he finished the letter his expression was a contradiction. His dark brown eyes softened, but his jaw locked in place. 
“Are you okay?” I asked as my phone beeped with a text message. I ignored it as I waited for him to answer me.
He did after a few seconds. “She wants me to find her.” He turned to face me, the letter still poised in his hands and a small smile formed on his lips.
I nodded, reaching out to squeeze his leg. “Of course she does, you’re her brother.”
He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. “But she doesn’t want me to hurt the werewolf.” Despite the fact that we now knew the name of the person keeping the siblings apart, Adrian refused to use it. My guess would be because, it would be too personal to say her name and right now he wanted to hate her.
“Let’s just find them.”
He nodded, folded the letter up carefully and stuck it between the seats. With a quick look in my direction he turned on the car and backed out of the lot. I unwrapped his sandwich and handed it to him. “She sounds mature for her age,” I observed, after I swallowed a bite of dark meat from my chicken.
He nodded his mouth full of bun and meat. 
“She’d be fifteen now, right?”
“Yes. I hope this werewolf has taken good care of her.”
I leaned my bare feet up onto the dash, my flip-flops lay discarded on the car floor. “I know you don’t want to hear this, but by what your sister herself said in that letter and by the sound of the few words I heard, she does love Marisa.”
His eyes flashed yellow, his face turned hard. “You’re right. I don’t want to hear it.”
I gulped; the coldness in his tone was so unlike him. I picked nervously at the bright, red, peeling nail polish on my pinky toe. It was the second time he had snapped at me within twenty four hours. He was lucky I was so understanding, or that ass-kicking I had joked about with Nate would definitely become a reality.
“Are you going to check your phone?”
Oh right; I forgot I had a text. I leaned over and pulled my phone out of my bag. It was from Nate. Finished my meeting can leave soon. Where am I headed?
I read the text out loud to Adrian.
“Portland, I guess. But he doesn’t need to come.”
“I know, but he wants to help.”
He shrugged, popping the last of his sandwich into this mouth.
Ignoring him, I texted Nate back. Heading to Portland. Got word that’s where they are headed. 
How far out r u? he asked.
“How long do you think it will take to get there?”
Adrian shrugged. “About three hours.”
I typed in Adrian’s answer and waited for a response. 
K, I’ll be there ASAP
I was about to type in a response when my phone beeped again.
Can’t wait to see u. I miss the taste of your lips.
I sucked in a breath, feeling my cheeks heat and my stomach flutter. I missed him so much it hurt.
“What?”
I covered my phone with my hand and dropped my legs from the dash, slipping my feet into my sandals. “Nothing,” I responded while I typed in a message. I miss you too.
His only response was- lol
I grinned and put my phone back into my bag. I was still smiling when I noticed Adrian watching me. “What?”
He simply shook his head and looked back to the road ahead of him.
While he fell silent, I closed my eyes and pictured vivid blue eyes, messy pale blond hair and the scent of leather and pine. My heart ached at the need to be near him, to feel his strong arms wrap around my back as he nuzzled my neck and to have his warmth seep into me. With these images in my mind, I couldn’t wait to see the real thing and I was thankful that I wouldn’t have to wait much longer. 




Chapter Eight
A Surprising Turn of Events

When we finally arrived in Portland there seemed to be a nervous energy pulsing in the car. “Are you alright?” I asked. Adrian had been silent for the last hour and his only responses to my attempts at conversation were grunts and nods.
“Where do you think the high school is?” he asked, ignoring my question.
“I’m not sure, but I can pull up a map of the city.”
He pulled over to the side of the road while I took out my phone and found the map. “These are all the high schools.” I explained pointing at my phone. “Three are in this area and one is closest to a lake.”
He was quiet as he thought this through. “They could be near any one of them. It’s easier to hide in the busy district, but the water from the lake would help to wash the scent away.”
“I don’t know the kind of person this werewolf is.” I turned my head at the sound of a growl coming out of Adrian. “I know she has your sister, but Marisa says she loves her so she can’t be as bad as Charlotte.” When he only stared at me, his eyes washed with a mix of anger and confusion, I went on. “When Charlotte kidnapped us she hid us on an island so she could hide our scents. Just like you guys did with your hideout. You stayed near water. So I think we should check the surrounding area of the school by the lake.”
He nodded his head and turned on the ignition. The car purred to life before he merged with the rest of the traffic.
A few minutes later my phone beeped. It was a text from Nate, saying he was at the airport waiting for his plane.
“Nate’s at the airport. He’ll text me when he lands.”
Adrian only nodded, focussed on the road ahead.
Since he refused to speak, or look at me, I took the time to study him. His facial features were hard and there were lines around his eyes that weren’t there the last time I saw him. He had aged in the six months he’d been searching. He lived with the evil Charlotte and her minions for ten years, but when I met him, he was cheerful and kind. I rarely saw him frown. What had happened to make him this grumpy, focussed man next to me? When he was living with Charlotte he escaped by working out every day. Was that the reason he had retreated to this dark mood, where he hardly smiled? Or was it the fact that his sister had been so close to him for months, but still out of reach. Would he go back to his old self when we found her? I really hope so. I missed the friend I had met six months ago and although I had seen glimpses of him over the last few days, it wasn’t the same. He was still a brooding, grumpy guy who hardly spoke.
I couldn’t look at his sullen face any longer, it was depressing. I turned away and watched the scenery pass by. Because of a rainstorm we had driven through earlier our windows were closed. But the sun was out once again and as I leaned my head on the glass I was vaguely aware of the pedestrians ambling around the residential streets. My focus was ahead of us and from the corner of my eye I saw a long brown braid. I sat up and turned my head. Adrian was going too fast so I had to turn around, but I saw a girl walking towards a small apartment building with a box in her hand. Her braid was loose and strands were falling over her eyes. “That’s the werewolf,” I said quietly, hoping that she wouldn’t hear, although we were now at the other end of the street.
Adrian spun to face me. His eyes were wide and yellow. “What?”
I was looking ahead of me not wanting to draw unwanted attention. “She’s behind us, at that building.” I pointed over my shoulder. When he stepped on the brakes, I whispered harshly, “Don’t slow down until we turn the corner. We don’t want to alert her.”
He did as I instructed, but as soon as we were out of sight he parked on the side of the road and jumped out. “You take the front and I‘ll go through the back. As soon as she smells us she’s going to bolt. We have to cut her off.”
I nodded my head and began to run. I had never ran so fast in my life, but I knew what he said was true. Once she caught a whiff of us, she’d be gone. I hadn’t seen Marisa around, so that meant either she was already at school, which I couldn’t imagine since it looked like they had just arrived. Or she was inside the apartment somewhere. I rounded the bend in record time, passed houses and a little boy riding a big wheel. In seconds I was in front of the building. It was a brown-brick, four-story with a row of cedar bushes along the front. I didn’t see her when I first approached, but I heard the squeaking of a side door. As I moved around the blue station wagon that was parked alongside the buildings entrance, I spotted her. She was leaning against the open door, balancing a box in her arms. Her head spun with my approach and she dropped the box. It bounced on the cement walk and a cookbook fell out.
She narrowed her chestnut colored eyes at me; they were intense and determined.
I stood in my stance for kickboxing, prepared for anything.
Instead of attacking me as I had anticipated, she spun around, her long skirt flailing out behind her. She took off into the backyard, heading right for Adrian. I followed her, but she must have caught his scent, because she shifted her direction, running east toward the neighbor’s house. She shifted direction again and ran through a path that was hidden under the veil of trees. I was right on her heels and I heard Adrian following us. She led me to a vacant lot across the street that was bordered with a cement wall. She was cornered, the barrier blocked her escape. She stopped and spun around to face me, her eyes wild and desperate. I stood in my stance again ready to stop her. This was the person responsible from keeping my friend from his sister. And because he meant so much to me, it was important that we do everything we could to get her back. 
Her eyes shifted around us searching for an escape, but when she gazed over my shoulder her eyes widened with shock, her face paled. Adrian came up from behind me and stood by my side. He breathed in deeply and froze. So did the girl. Her eyes glazed and nostrils flared. He took a step toward her and I watched open-mouthed as she did the same. Electricity seemed to crackle through the air and I was worried they were about to argue or worse, fight. I didn’t know her, but I knew his sister wouldn’t be happy if he hurt the girl she called Eva. 
Nothing happened though; they only stared at each other for what seemed like several minutes. No one spoke; their gazes were locked as the silence stretched between them. 
After a few moments with me not knowing what to do the girl shook her head, as if she was fighting a trance. “Not you!” She spit out with a look of disgust before she dove into the air, her clothes shredding and falling onto the pavement. She shoved Adrian to the ground with her fore paws, his head hitting the ground with a sickening thud as she bared her fangs at him. She was now a brown wolf, her claws digging into his plaid shirt.
I froze not knowing what was happening. He didn’t try to fight her off, only stared into the wolf’s eyes.
She growled menacingly, lowering her head until her muzzle hung just above his face.
I stepped forward prepared to shove her off, but Adrian held up a hand. “Don’t, it’s okay, she won’t hurt me.” His voice was below a whisper and it was edged with emotion.
Was he kidding? The girl was in her wolf form practically foaming at the mouth in a rage. How did he know she wouldn’t hurt him? She looked like she wanted to kill him.
The girl we knew as Eva snapped her teeth at his neck narrowly missing his throat, but still he didn’t push her off. At the last second before her teeth met with his skin she froze, growled again and then jumped off of him. She rushed out of the lot and into the neighboring trees. I stared after her for a few seconds shocked at what had just happened.
Once she was gone I bent down. “Are you okay?” I asked, holding out my hand to help my friend up.
He took it and when he was standing, he stared off in the direction she had headed. He was silent, lost in his own thoughts.
I started to follow her and as I took a few steps forward, I looked over my shoulder. Adrian was still frozen in place, his face in a daze. “What’s wrong?”
He glanced at me, his eyes glassy. I should have known what was happening. But I didn’t. I had been focussed solely on finding Marisa and I wasn’t expecting to hear what he said next. “She’s mine,” he whispered, so lowly I had to strain to hear.
I took a few steps away from the edge of the road, closing the distance between us. “I know. She’s your sister and you will get her back.”
He shook his head. “No, the girl…the werewolf. She’s mine and she’s the one that took Marisa.” His voice was laced with pain and anguish. He turned around slowly and headed back toward the apartment building.
I stood in place, gaping after him as he moved away from me and the girl we had just been chasing. “What?” I asked more to myself than to him. He was too far away now to hear me. He was back on the path that led to the building. I followed him until he approached the station wagon. When he opened the door, the hinges squawked loudly, echoing through the alley.
I took a few weary steps toward him, unsure of what was happening. “Are we just going to let her go?” I gestured with my arm behind me in the direction she had disappeared in.
He was leaning inside the vehicle, digging through a box when I approached. He stood up and nodded. “For now.” He slammed the door shut and turned toward the building. “Let’s go and look inside.”
I caught up with him in the apartment stairway. “You mean she’s your mate?” How had I not realized that? I had seen how Nate reacted to me, and Joe, when he first saw Lauren. It was always the same glazed stare. 
He didn’t turn around as he ascended the stairs. “Hmm, mm”
“I thought you already found your mate. You hinted at it when we first met.”
He reached the third floor landing and pulled the door open. “I said that I liked someone. But I was just saying that so you wouldn’t think I was into you. I didn’t want you to back away from me.”
That made sense. I was so confused at the time that if I thought he wanted more than just friendship I would have run away from him screaming. The door slammed behind us as we entered a hallway. I could smell the werewolf’s scent everywhere. But since I didn’t know his sister’s, I just followed him. “But didn’t you know she was yours before?” We passed the first white door; he paused for a second and then kept moving. “You must have caught her scent in the last six months since you’ve been chasing them.”
He moved to the next door, the floor beneath us creaking as we stepped. He sniffed the air and then shook his head as he moved on. “I never smelled her full scent, just traces of it. I knew something was off about it, but since I had never found my mate before I didn’t know what to expect.” He took a few more steps. “Besides, I wouldn’t have really known until I saw her face-to-face. And now that I have, there is no doubt.”
When he finished his explanation I remembered him telling me that there was something different about the scent of the werewolf. He wanted to know if I noticed. But at the time the scent had disappeared and I didn’t smell anything. But when I finally did smell it, I didn’t notice anything off. But I wouldn’t have, she wasn’t mine.
He stopped in front of a door and put his finger to his lips, in a gesture to shut me up. He grabbed the doorknob and turned it, stepping inside.
I followed closely behind and sniffed hard. The smell of cherry bubble-gum and human assaulted my senses. That must be his sister. There was a tiny, galley kitchen to the right that was bare of anything other than the brown cupboards and puce green appliances. We stepped past and entered a dreary living room with faded blue walls and ugly furniture that had seen better days.
We split up and headed down the only hallway. I turned into the first bedroom and he took the one at the end. My room was meant to be Marisa’s. And I knew this not because of my great detective skills, but from the name scribbled on the box that lay on the single bed. But, unfortunately, that was all that was in the room. Marisa was nowhere to be found. 
“There’s nobody here,” Adrian announced coming up behind me. The frustration in his voice was loud and clear.
Just as he left the room to go explore, I got a text; Nate was boarding the plane. He’d be there in two hours.
I sat down on the single bare mattress and glanced around. The only sign of his sister was the box and a leather bag on the floor. Three paperback books lay on the nightstand. The apartment must have been furnished because there was no way the furniture would have fit in that car.
I peered into the box and pulled out a pile of framed pictures. As I was looking through them Adrian appeared in the doorway. “Are these your parents?” Although I asked the question, I already knew the answer. It was a family photo, with Adrian looking exactly the same and two older people that were obviously his mom and dad. A little girl of about four was sitting on Adrian’s lap. In the picture her hand was resting on his cheek and his parents were looking at them smiling. The love that emanated from the picture was evident.
He held out his hand. When I placed the photo in his palm he smiled, his eyes lighting up. “Yes, it was the last family picture before I moved away to college.”
As he gazed at his family, I looked at the next photo. This one was of Marisa who appeared to be about ten. She was standing in front of a birthday cake with Eva standing next to her. They were hugging and grinning at the camera. His sister did not appear to be a victim, being held against her will. She looked happy. The next one was of the two of them again with their faces touching. It looked like Eva was holding the camera out in front of them. Again, their smiles were bright and happy. The last one was of just Adrian’s parents on their wedding day.
I didn’t know how to read Adrian’s expression as he gazed through the pictures. The closest I could say was—wistful. It was like he was reliving a happier time in his life.
He closed his eyes and breathed in. “I don’t know what to do. I want to harm the werewolf for keeping me from my sister. But she’s my mate and my instincts are to run and find her, to be with her and to protect her with my life.” He opened his eyes and gazed at me, his expression filled with all the confusion and pain of his words. 
I opened my mouth to speak, but the sound of the door opening had me closing it again. His sister was here. Adrian’s eyes widened as he rushed passed me.
I followed him out to the living room and there she was; the fifteen year old girl with black hair and dark brown eyes. She was wearing jean shorts and a pink fitted top and holding two bottles of soda. When she saw us, she dropped the drinks; they rolled along the faded floor, stopping when they reached the wall. With her arms now free Marisa threw herself into Adrian’s arms…and began to sob.
My heart broke at the scene, especially when Adrian caressed her hair and closed his eyes, resting his chin on the top of her head. When a tear trickled down his cheek, I felt like I was interrupting a very personal reunion that was ten years in the making. I was so excited that he had finally found her, I wanted to join in on the hug, but knew that I’d be imposing.
Instead, I turned away and moved to the window to look out, hoping to give them a semblance of the privacy I thought they needed. A red minivan zoomed by and a dog wandered out onto the road after it. It quickly lost interest and ambled toward a metal garbage bin to sniff. 
“I’ve missed you so much,” Adrian said softly.
“What took you so long?” Marisa’s voice was muffled as she mumbled into his shirt, her body still shaking with emotion.
When I heard them pull apart I turned back around and took a seat in a faded, brown leather chair in the corner. I was trying to be as invisible as possible, but still here if I was needed.
Adrian held her at arm’s length and frowned. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t know where you were and someone threatened to kill you if I attempted to find you.” He paused and touched her cheek with his thumb, as if trying to make sure she was real “I couldn’t risk your life.”
Her dark eyes widened in horror. “Who?”
“Let’s not get into that right now,” he said sadly, wrapping her into his arms again.
The door banged open and the girl with the braid stood in the entryway, pointing a gun at Adrian. She was wearing a purple tank top and another long peasant skirt. She must have retrieved some more of her clothes from the car when she returned to her human form—along with the gun in her hand.
Adrian pushed Marisa behind his back and glared at the werewolf before him. I jumped up and rushed forward, standing next to his sister. Since Eva was a werewolf and she knew that we were as well, I was guessing that there was silver in that gun. Once again we were in danger at the hands of another werewolf. Would our lives ever be normal again?
“Eva! What are you doing?” Marisa gasped. The shock was clear in her voice.
Eva ignored Marisa and took a step forward, the gun still pointed at Adrian’s head. Her eyes were determined. Her brown braid fell over her left shoulder and I noticed her arms trembled slightly. “Get away from her. These are silver bullets.” Shocking.
“You won’t kill me.” Adrian’s voice was low, but sure.
Her hands shook. “I don’t care if you’re my mate. I will protect that girl with my life and you will not take her from me.”
“Eva, please don’t hurt him.” Marisa begged, her head peeking around her brother’s shoulder.
“Marisa!” Eva yelled, staring into Adrian’s eyes. “Come here.” Her voice was hysterical and wild. I wasn’t as sure as Adrian that the girl wouldn’t pull the trigger. A shiver of panic shot through my chest.
I grabbed Marisa’s hand and squeezed. She didn’t know me, but I knew she needed comfort right now.
“I can’t.” Her voice shook with emotion, torn between two people she loved. “He’s my brother.”
Eva’s face fell, a look of hurt flashed over her face. “He’s dangerous. You can’t trust him.” Her previously shaking hands steadied. She was determined to get the girl back.
Marisa’s hand shook in mine. She glanced at Adrian and then at me, uncertainty clouding her face. 
“Don’t listen to her, Marisa. He loves you. He would never hurt you.” I spoke with both confidence and concern. She needed to know what I did, that Adrian was kind, funny and wouldn’t purposefully hurt anyone. 
Marisa gazed into my eyes, as if pleading for my words to be true. When I nodded, her uncertainty melted away. “I believe her Eva. Adrian would never hurt me.”
“I’m so sorry to have to tell you this, but…” Eva trailed off as she closed her eyes briefly, as if making a decision she didn’t want to. “He killed your parents.”




Chapter Nine
The Truth 

“What?” Three voices gasped with the same shocked tone, one of them was me. Eva’s words had sent a knot of dread straight to my gut. Marisa and I stared at Adrian, while he gaped, open-mouthed at Eva. His expression could only be described as horror. While I might have doubted Adrian for a spilt second, the look on his face told me the truth. He was just as shocked by her accusation as Marisa and I had been.
Marisa gripped my hand, her eyes pooling with tears. We were strangers, but for some reason she felt like I was someone she could trust. And I needed to help her in any way that I could.
I stepped away from her, yanking my hand out of her tight grasp to approach the girl with the gun. “Why do you think that?” I asked a very determined Eva. Despite my proximity to a loaded gun, I suddenly wasn’t afraid. Call me stupid, call it a gut feeling, but I didn’t believe this girl with the messy braid and cherub like features, could hurt a fly, let alone me or my friend. She had that chance when she had turned into a wolf earlier and she hadn’t taken it. 
At my approach she lowered the gun slightly, her hands beginning to shake again. We had never met before, but despite that, I could tell that she held no anger towards me. “A woman named Charlotte brought Marisa to me ten years ago. She was frantic. She said the girl needed a place to stay and protection from her crazed brother who had just killed their parents.” A wave of understanding washed over me. The girl in front of me holding the gun was a good person. For some reason, I knew this the first time I heard her voice, when she spoke to Marisa with love at the motel. My only question had been, how she could keep a girl she obviously cared for away from the only family she had left? The answer should have been obvious, Charlotte. It had been her life’s mission, when she was alive, to cause pain wherever she could. She’d be happy to know that even after her death, she was still causing it. For six months Adrian had suffered through almost finding his sister, all because of a lie the evil werewolf had told Eva.
As understanding hit me, Adrian cursed.
I smiled and stepped toward Eva, the floor creaked beneath my foot and I could hear Marisa’s soft intake of breath as I held my hand out for the gun.
Eva gazed at me with apprehension and then her eyes swung to the hand that I still held out. She made no other movement.
“You’ve been lied to.” My voice was soft and filled with compassion. I might not have believed any lies Charlotte had told me, but I let her into our home where she struck and kidnapped me and Lauren. 
Eva’s hands that held the gun, lowered slightly. “What do you mean?” she whispered. The hesitation in her voice matched the look in her eyes.
“Charlotte was an evil...” At the sound of Adrian’s cough, I changed the word I was about to use. We didn’t know how much Marisa knew, so I couldn’t use the word werewolf. “Woman, who enjoyed ruining people’s lives. She hurt my husband, me and many others that I know, even her own brother.”
A line creased her forehead. “What do you mean she was?”
“She was killed when she tried to murder my best friend’s father.”
Eva closed her eyes, exhaustion marring her features. She dropped the gun to her side, but didn’t let it go.
I relaxed, letting my hands fall. “Don’t feel foolish. She has manipulated so many people. She probably couldn’t keep track of it all.”
Eva’s lip quivered, her eyes distressed. “I don’t know what to believe.”
I moved closer and placed a hand on her shoulder, she smelled of ginger and pineapple. “I know you don’t know me, but believe me when I tell you that Adrian is a good person.” 
Her eyes flicked to the man in question and a tear slid down her cheek. She brushed passed me and moved to the brown corduroy sofa, falling into it; the aged springs groaned with the movement. She held her head in her hands, her messy, chestnut colored braid, falling over her shoulder. The gun lay forgotten on the cushion next to her.
The rest of us took positions in the living room. I sat back on my chair, while Marisa took the spot next to Eva, opposite the gun. Adrian leaned against the faded blue wall, watching us. His expression was guarded as he eyed the girl and the gun next to her.
Everyone was silent as Eva took in the information I had just given her.
It was Marisa that broke into the strained quiet. “So, are you two werewolves like Eva?” she asked Adrian and me.
Adrian and I exchanged glances, unsure what to say, but Eva sat up and stared at the teenager next to her. “What are you talking about?” She was obviously trying to keep her true identity hidden.
Marisa rolled her eyes. “Give me a break Eva. We almost look the same age.”
She was right. I’d say Eva was sixteen or seventeen when she was turned. But, with her round cherub shaped face and girl next door features, she had an innocent quality that made her appear younger than Marisa. Marisa’s features were sharp and smooth. She almost looked older than her fifteen years. How Eva convinced anyone that she was Marisa’s guardian all this time was surprising. 
Eva’s eyes widened and she actually glanced at Adrian and me for help. I shrugged and Adrian’s lip twitched. “Uh…” she stammered.
Marisa spoke again before she could finish. “I was five when I met you and you haven’t aged. I have always known something was up.”
“So why did you assume werewolf?” I asked when all Eva could do was gawk at her. “It’s a bit of a stretch don’t you think?”
Marisa leaned back into the ugly brown cushions of the sofa, crossing her arms in front of her. “Well, since she turns into a wolf once a month, what would you assume?” Her tone wasn’t at all snotty, just blunt. I had to suppress a giggle. I liked her already.
“What?” Eva gasped, her eyes as wide as saucers.
Marisa turned on the couch so she was directly facing her guardian. “A few years ago, I started noticing that you always had to work late on a full moon. Last year, on a night that you said you would be late; I heard something outside and went to the window to check it out. That’s when I saw you turn from a wolf to a girl.
“At first I was freaked and ignored you for a whole day. But then, I thought about all the things you had done for me and I knew you might not be human, but that didn’t make you evil.”
Again, all of us studied the fifteen year old girl. She seemed more mature than my old friends that had betrayed me after setting a fire and they were four years older. Despite how Eva had come to have Marisa, it was obvious that she had done a terrific job raising her.
When none of us responded, Marisa asked again, “So, are you two werewolves or not?” She raised a brow at her brother. “Because, it’s been ten years and you look exactly the same.”
Since Adrian and Eva appeared to be dumfounded. I answered for them. “Yes, we are.”
Marisa nodded and gazed at Adrian. “Can you tell me what happened the night Mom and Dad were killed?”
Adrian pursed his lips and looked at me for support. I nodded, knowing that she could handle it. Eva had raised a strong girl. He took a deep breath and moved to crouch in front of her, getting to her eye level. His knees cracked when he bent down. “What do you remember?”
Marisa tucked her hair behind her ear and leaned her arms on her knees. “I remember having the cherry-upside-down cake that Mom made for your visit home. I remember you tucking me in and then going to sleep. Then a scream woke me hours later and I wandered downstairs. I didn’t see anyone but a girl with red hair and she said that Mom and Dad wanted her to take me somewhere safe and that I was in danger there. But when she took me to Eva, she told me that Mom and Dad were dead and I had to live with this girl from now on.” She paused and glanced at each of us. “And that’s it.”
Adrian’s face went hard, his eyes flashed yellow. When his sister gasped, he jumped up and moved away, standing with his back to us as he peered out the window. He began his story without looking at us. “Dad and I were playing chess. We had an ongoing game that we continued every time I came home from college. Mom was watching us, commenting on the game, making me laugh as the two of them bantered back and forth. There was a knock at the door and since it was so late Dad went to answer it. When he didn’t return, Mom went to check on him.” Adrian turned back around and gazed into Marisa’s eyes. “That’s the last time I saw them alive.” He took another breath and continued. “There were two of them: a blond guy, who looked about twenty and the red headed girl. They were standing over Mom and Dad’s bodies. That’s all I saw. The next thing I knew I woke up in a car and I was a werewolf. Every day since then, I wish it was me that answered the door.” The misery in his voice as he told his story was audible and my eyes burned with tears. I might not get along with my parents but if that had happened to them, I would have been devastated. It was amazing Adrian wasn’t screwed up. It must have helped that he had been focussed on his sister all these years, to keep him sane. Living with the monsters that killed his parents must have been horrible. 
The room fell silent. I snuck a glance at Eva and was surprised to see her crying.
“It’s not your fault, Adrian. You couldn’t have known. Besides, you’d be dead too,” Marisa comforted him softly, further evidence of her maturity.
“No. They wanted me alive. Charlotte had seen me come home that day with my backpack and guessed that I was their son; she wanted our money. We lived in a big house, so she knew we must have had plenty.”
“She did all of that for money?” Eva rasped, something that resembled rage flashed in her eyes.
He nodded. “That’s what she does.”
“She died trying to take over my friend’s family business. She had turned a family member into a werewolf and they were trying to get him named in the will,” I added.
Eva’s face was filled with remorse as she looked up at Adrian. “I’m so sorry. I met her the week before. She came into the coffee shop I was working at and realized I was a werewolf. She said she had no friends and we started talking. That was the last I saw of her until she showed up at my apartment with Marisa.”
My phone beeped with a text message and I stood up to check it in Marisa’s room. I needed a break from the emotion that was simmering in the air. I stood next to the window and vaguely noticed a pigeon’s nest on the sill. It cooed as I checked Nate’s text. I shook with anticipation when I read his words. He was here and he wanted the address so he could meet us. I popped my head around the corner of the doorway, peeking into the living room. Marisa was speaking to Eva quietly. I was too distracted to listen. “Eva, what’s the address? My husband’s plane just landed and he’s going to meet me here.”
Her eyes were weary as she told me what I wanted to know. It was as if she was still unsure of us. I could hardly blame her, she trusted a woman ten years ago and look how that turned out.
I typed in the address and went back out to the living room. The room was once again quiet. Adrian was shooting Eva guarded glances. The situation was complicated and on top of everything they had just learned about each other, they were also mated. I hoped they could get past this. 
“So what do we do now? Can we go with Adrian?” Marisa asked Eva.
I wanted to point out that since Adrian was her brother and Eva had been keeping them apart all this time, she didn’t really have a say. But since it wasn’t my business, I kept my thoughts to myself.
“You don’t have to ask her. You will be leaving with me.” Adrian’s tone was final, no room for argument.
Eva stood, tipped her head up to glare into his eyes. “I won’t let you take her from me.” Her face was hard, her jaw set.
The air in the room was suddenly thick with tension.
Adrian squared his shoulders, puffing up for a fight. “And you think you can stop me?”
Marisa turned to me, apprehension clouding her face, her eyes were a desperate plea. 
Sensing a scene, I stood between them, facing Eva. “He didn’t kill his parents and you’ve been keeping him away from his sister,” I pointed out. “You can’t stop him.”
The anger in her face melted away, leaving only sorrow. “I love her,” was her shaky response. “I have raised her for the last ten years. She doesn’t even know you. I don’t know you.” The tone of her voice was similar to a mother protecting her child and I guess that was how she saw herself. She had taken care of the girl for most of her life. She loved her and would do anything to protect her. Coming from parents who treated me like a burden, I found myself envying Marisa. Eva reminded me of Mona, I wasn’t her child but she treated me like her own. It was strange coming from a girl who appeared to be younger than me. But being a werewolf you couldn’t judge a person’s age by their looks. 
“I’m sorry, but now that I have found her you will not keep her from me anymore. She is all I have left of my family. You have no right to her.”
Eva looked speechless as she continued to glare at Adrian. But what could she say? Adrian was right. She may want to keep Marisa, but she had no claim on her.
As the two stared each other down, I caught a whiff of werewolf and my stomach fluttered. My mate was here! Yay!
I rushed to the door, but before I could get to it, it flung open, banging against the wall with a thud.
I gazed at Nate. His grin was wide when he spotted me, but it faded as he shifted his glance to the two other werewolves. His face went white, his eyes awash with confusion and…fear? “Sadie?”



Chapter Ten
A Blast from The Past

I followed his gaze to Eva who was now gaping open-mouthed at Nate. Within seconds, several emotions flitted over her face: surprise, fear and then finally, happiness. Before I could understand what was happening, she was rushing past me and jumping into my husband’s arms. The green monster reared its ugly head for an instant. Who was this girl Sadie and why was she hugging my man? It was stupid to be jealous, I knew that. Nate was my werewolf mate and he could never love anyone the way he loved me. The wolf inside wouldn’t let him. However, knowing those facts didn’t help as I watched a girl I thought was named Eva, now hugging and kissing the man I loved.
When they finally pulled apart, Nate stared at her face with that odd look of confusion and fear. “How are you here?” he whispered, his hand raising up as if to touch her and then closing it into a fist.
She stepped back, out of his arms. “We have a lot to talk about.”
The dazed expression remained. “But…What…How?” He turned his gaze to me, his eyebrows creased, his eyes full of questions.
I shrugged, shaking my head at him. He stepped toward me and reached out to grab my hand. I had missed his touch. It had only been a day and a half since I had felt him, but it seemed like so much longer. When he continued to stare at Eva-Sadie, I squeezed his hand. He turned and grinned sheepishly at me, leaning into kiss me.
“That’s better,” I said when he pulled away, his vivid blue eyes still locked on mine. 
“Can we get back to our problem?” Marisa’s voice cut through the giddiness that had flooded my mind since Nate appeared. “Adrian, why can’t she come with us?”
I pulled Nate to the chair I had vacated. He sat down and I perched onto the arm, leaning on his shoulder. I couldn’t not touch him; it was as if I had to make up for lost time. I was pathetic. It had only been thirty two hours, but I couldn’t wait to get him alone. Although gazing at the people around me, with all the unanswered questions and everything up in the air, that wouldn’t be happening too soon.
Adrian nodded toward us. “Hey Nate, this is my sister Marisa.” He pointed to the girl with her long black tresses falling over her one shoulder. “And I guess you know Eva. She’s the one who’s been keeping her from me.”
Nate turned to whatever her name was, as she returned to her seat, she tucked the gun under the material of her skirt. “Eva?”
Her lips twitched, as if she was attempting to smile, but couldn’t quite follow through with it. “I changed my name.” Her tone of voice sounded like an apology.
Nate’s jaw locked, his eyes flashed with determination. “What is going on? Tell me how you are here.”
She finally smiled, but it was edged with guilt. “Can you wait just a few more minutes?”
He sighed and squeezed the hand I was holding. “Fine. But Sadie.” He pointed a demanding finger at her. “I want answers.”
“I know, but first we have to settle what to do about Marisa.”
Adrian stepped forward, glaring at the girl that was both his mate and tormentor. “She is coming with me, there is nothing to discuss.”
“Adrian, please let her come. She can live with us.” Marisa stood up and stared into her brother’s eyes, her voice pleading. The only thing missing from her sentence was a droopy lip and the word pretty please.
I knew the moment he caved. His shoulders slumped and he pursed his lips. “Fine, she can come back to Creekford, but she can find her own place to live. You will be staying with me on the Riley Estate.” He turned to Nate. “Is Joe’s place still available?”
Nate nodded. “He comes home sometimes for holidays with Lauren, but he can stay at the main house.”
“No, I want her to live with us,” Marisa whined showing her age for the first time since we had found her.
“Mari.” There was a lot of frustration in that one word. “She kept you from me. I can’t live with her.”
Marisa pouted and was about to continue to argue when Eva stopped her. “Marisa, it’s okay. Give him some time to get to know me. I’m fine with just being in the same city as you.”
Marisa folded her arms in front of her and plopped back down onto the sofa, dust flew up into the air as she landed, but she didn’t protest any longer.
Eva glanced at Nate who was still staring at her as though she was a ghost. I really wanted to know how they knew each other and why he was so shocked to see her.
“Um…Marisa, why don’t you go and pack up your things.” Eva-Sadie suggested eyeing Nate wearily.
“I am packed. We just got here, remember?”
“Well then go with your brother and start loading the car.”
She obviously wanted to be alone with Nate and Adrian picked up on that. “Okay kiddo, let’s get your stuff.” He held out a hand for Marisa to take.
She glanced at the hand he had stretched in front of her and then looked up into his eyes as she reached out, allowing him to pull her off of the sofa. “You know, you can’t call me kiddo when you only look a few years older.”
I couldn’t help the laugh that snuck out of me.
Adrian’s lip curled. “So, Eva’s turned you into a wise guy, has she?”
Marisa giggled as she let go of her brother and began to follow him into her room. 
Once they were gone, Eva-Sadie turned to Nate. “I faked my death.” Her small sentence fell out of her mouth like an anvil. The weight those four words carried seemed to suck all the sounds from the room. I was frozen next to the man I loved, not truly understanding what was happening. Nate’s face was blank, as if what Sadie had just told him had taken away all his emotions…and words apparently. He only stared at her. I didn’t even think he blinked for several seconds.
Finally, after what seemed like days, he breathed in deeply and his face went red. Then in lightning speed he jumped up, making me fall into the chair. “You what?” he yelled, shock and anger lacing his words. “How? Joe said your heart was shattered. He buried you and when I was well enough I cremated your remains.”
She took a deep breath. “He lied.”
Nate’s eyes popped out of his head as they turned yellow. He balled his hands into fists and clenched his teeth. I had a feeling that if Joe was here right now, his face would be connecting to those balled-up fists. “He what?” His words were a low growl. “Why?”
“Because, I asked him to.”
“Why would you do that?” he asked her incredulously.
“The bullet landed right above my heart, similar to yours and Joe was able to get it out. When I woke up, you were still asleep. I asked Joe what had happened and he didn’t know. He said he came by to meet you and found us unconscious and dying from silver bullets lodged near our hearts.”
Nate ran his hand roughly through his pale blond hair. “I cannot believe this is happening.”
I had been silent long enough. “Uh Nate, are you going to introduce us?”
He glanced at me as if he just remembered I was in the room. “Oh,” he murmured. “I’m sorry, Meg. This is Sadie, my friend that I told you Rowan killed. I guess I was wrong. And Sadie this is my mate, who is also my wife.”
The smile that crossed Sadie’s face was pure sunshine. Her whole face lit up. She looked so different from Eva who had been fighting for her child. It was like she had multiple personalities. “You found your mate?” Nate nodded, returning the smile and a private look between them. “I’m so happy for you?”
Nate’s smile faded. “Thank you. Now continue please. I can’t believe Joe has been lying to me for fifty years.”
She gazed up at him from her perch on the sofa. “First, tell me who Rowan is and how do you know he was the one who shot us?”
“Because I saw him point the gun and shoot you and then aim for me. It happened so quickly I didn’t have time to react.” He closed his eyes and when he opened them again, they were back to blue. “He was the one who killed my father.”
Her expression fell and she closed her eyes. She held her face in her hands, wisps of dark hair threaded through her fingers. “I can’t believe I wasted fifty years for nothing.”
“What do you mean?” He paused, as Adrian and Marisa came out of her room holding boxes. Adrian glanced at me curiously. Clearly wanting to know what was happening. He must have heard the conversation, but without knowing the background, he’d be confused. I barely understood. I mouthed the words ‘I’ll tell you later’ before they disappeared out into the hall. Marisa’s chatter echoed through the closed door.
Sadie sat up and wiped a stray tear from her cheek. “I thought it was someone who was after Miles.”
“Miles? The man who made you a werewolf?”
She nodded sadly. “Yes, his name is Sebastian Mears and he’s been searching for him for a long time, he found him once when I was with him. We barely got away. I thought it was him at your house. I thought he was after me, so I could lead him to Miles. I didn’t want to get you involved, so I convinced Joe to help me disappear. I told him that if you were to stay near me, you’d be in danger.”
I couldn’t believe that Joe lied to Nate for so long. They were best friends and he kept something this big from him for over fifty years. I hoped Nate could forgive him.
“Why is this Sebastian after Miles?”
“Like you, Miles was turned by a selfish, sadistic werewolf. And he tried to get Miles to be like him. The man and his gang went out on a full moon and attacked some hikers—a man and two teenagers. One teenager was killed and the man was bitten. Sebastian’s friend, Aiden King, was the one that was killed. Sebastian and Aiden’s father got away.”
Nate’s eyes snapped to Sadie. “What did you say?”
“I said Sebastian and Aiden’s father were the two that survived.”
“What did you say Aiden’s last name was?”
Sadie narrowed her eyes. “King. Why?”
Nate’s face softened. “No reason.”
There was something odd in her whole explanation. Nate had werewolves in his life that wanted to harm him. He was afraid for the people he loved, but never afraid for himself. But Sadie looked terrified…of a human? “Can I ask you something Sadie?” I spoke up for the first time since she began her explanation.
She nodded her answer.
“Why are you running from a human? You’re a werewolf. I know many and I’ve never met one that would be afraid of anyone. We are stronger and no match for a normal person.”
Her eyes washed with an emotion I didn’t recognize. “I never said he was a human.”
Now I was confused. “You said the father was bitten by the werewolf, not the second teenager.”
She paused, wringing her hands together. Whatever she was about to tell us, she really didn’t want to. “Years after the attack, Sebastian…changed.”
I glanced at Nate, confused by her cryptic answer. He shrugged, clearly as baffled as I was. “Changed? Into what?” I asked.
She sighed, shifting glances between the hall, the window, to Nate and then to me. She turned the mood ring on her finger and jiggled the leg that was hidden beneath the long flowing skirt. She obviously was not comfortable with my questions.
She stood up and looked out the window. I assumed she was making sure Marisa was still safely outside. Finally she turned around and faced us. Her expression was determined, but it was also underlined with fear.
Nate was now standing next to me with his hand settled on my shoulder. His touch made my skin tingle.
“He’s a vampire,” she whispered.




Chapter Eleven
Vampires

Once again I gaped at Sadie, the girl who appeared to be a few years younger, wearing a tank trimmed with lace and a messy braid. “You’re not serious? You actually believe in vampires?”
She raised an eyebrow at me. “Tell me again what the three of us in this room are?” When I only rolled my eyes in answer, she went on. “As a werewolf I’d think you wouldn’t be surprised that other supernatural species exist.”
I turned to Nate. “Did you know they existed?”
He held his breath for a moment and let it out slowly, reminding me of a deflating balloon. “Yes,” he answered softly. “There aren’t many and they value their privacy. They don’t like to be spoken of.” That explained why Sadie was so nervous when I asked what Sebastian was.
“Did Miles kill his friend?” I asked, because if he did maybe he deserved what he got. I know Charlotte did. However, Nate had killed two men in his life and I would fight to the death to save him from the same fate.
Sadie shook her head. “No. Miles is a doctor and he strives to help people. He would never do that. Like I said, his maker was sadistic and wanted Miles to follow him. He had three other werewolves with him and they forced him to go to that forest on the full moon. But when they attacked the humans he refused to be involved.”
“Why didn’t you just tell Sebastian that?”
She laughed without humor. “He didn’t exactly give us a chance. Vampires are more of an act-first type of people. He is determined to kill all the werewolves that were there without question. I’m not sure he’d care if he knew the truth.”
Nate’s brow lifted, shifting his weight. He was still standing in the center of the dingy living room. “I’m surprised that he didn’t kill you both. Werewolves are no match for a vampire.”
“He was about to kill us, his sharp fangs were hovered over Miles’ neck; but then he just stopped. He disappeared without a glance at us.” She sucked in a breath at the memory. “But, I’m sure he hasn’t given up.”
“What do you think stopped him?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. I was too busy celebrating to care.”
“Do you know what happened to Aiden’s Father? You said he was bitten,” Nate asked. 
She shook her head. “No. The only one that would know is Sebastian and he was too busy trying to suck our blood to give us information.”
Nate went silent. His face going thoughtful as he concentrated on all that he had learned. I knew what he was thinking. I just hoped I was wrong. “How did you know Aiden’s last name was King?”
“Because Sebastian said his name repeatedly to Miles, he said it was his fault that his friend was dead.”
Yep, I knew that’s where Nate’s thoughts had gone. To the name he’d been searching for since he found it in Charlotte’s jacket six months ago.
The sound of footsteps on the stairwell and the scent of Adrian and his sister had both me and Sadie standing up. I was heading to the door while Sadie turned down the hall in the direction of her room. She stopped at the sound of Nate’s voice. “Do you know Aiden’s father’s name?”
Sadie turned to face him. Her expression held both curiosity and worry. “What’s with all the questions Nate?”
“Uh..no..no reason,” he stammered uncomfortably. Despite his obvious closeness to this girl he didn’t want to explain his reason for looking for this man because he himself didn’t know the answer. I was the only one he had opened up to and he only did that because I asked. He’s lucky he didn’t lie to me like he just did to Sadie. He had done that enough in the last year and I didn’t like it.
She didn’t have a chance to question him further because the door flew open, hitting the wall with a smack. Marisa and Adrian barrelled through like they were in a race. Since Marisa won, he clearly let her.
“Everything okay in here?” Adrian asked, his gaze shifting between the three of us.
“Everything is fine. They were just catching up. It turns out they were friends fifty years ago?”
“Really?” Marisa asked, glancing at Sadie. Her cheeks were flushed with excitement and the grin that was spread over her face told me she was happy to finally be reunited with her brother. “How old are you.”
Sadie’s cheeks flushed pink. “Let’s just say that I’m older than your brother.”
“Wow, you must be really old then.”
Adrian snorted, holding in a laugh.
I laughed out loud, but couldn’t help point something out. “Not as old as Nate, I’m sure.”
Nate narrowed his eyes at me while Sadie grinned. Her eyes lit up when she smiled. “You’re right. He is a lot older than me.”
“So,” Marisa began. “Who’s driving together?”
We all exchanged glances. Adrian’s eyes widened at me and he shook his head nodding toward Sadie. I knew what he wanted. “Nate, why don’t we drive with Sadie so you two can catch up? That will give Adrian and Marisa time to know each other again.”
Adrian smiled thankfully in my direction, his eyes crinkling in the corners, grateful I had picked up on his meaningful look.
Panic flashed in Sadie’s eyes as she took a step toward Marisa. “I don’t know about that.”
Nate reached out, placing his hand on her shoulder, stopping her. “Sadie, you can trust him. I promise.”
Instantly the alarm washed from her features and she nodded. She must trust Nate. A tug of jealousy pulled at my chest at their obvious closeness, but not for romantic reasons. He had known her and had been best friends before I was even thought of. We didn’t have that much history. We had only met a year ago.
Marisa looked confused. “Sadie?”
Sadie pursed her lips together. “It’s my real name. I changed it to hide from someone.” Her eyes flicked to Nate. “Apparently, for no reason.”

It didn’t take long for us to load their belongings. They didn’t have much. Sadie had left everything they owned six months ago when she scented Adrian in Philadelphia. They had lived there ever since Adrian and Marisa’s parents were killed. After they moved she made arrangements with her landlord to put their stuff in storage. And since they would no longer be running she promised Marisa that once they were settled in Creekford she would send for them.
When it was time to separate into different vehicles Sadie and Marisa hugged. But when Marisa tried to pull away, Sadie held on. Marisa laughed. “I’ll be fine. He’s my brother Ev—I mean Sadie.”
Sadie finally let go. “Are you sure you’re alright with this?” she asked, gazing into Marisa’s eyes and then glancing quickly at Adrian. “You don’t know him anymore. Even if he didn’t kill your parents like I thought, he has spent ten years with an evil werewolf.” A low growl rumbled out of Adrian’s chest. If Sadie heard the sound, she didn’t acknowledge it.
Marisa smiled lovingly at the only family she had known for most of her life. “You may not know him; but I do. I dream of all the fun things he did with me and the way he looked at our parents. He loved us. I know it.”
Sadie sucked in a breath and wiped an invisible tear, finally tearing herself away from Marisa.
She stood next to me and Nate as we watched Adrian shut the door behind Marisa with a soft click.
He stepped up to us. “Not that I owe you anything.” His voice was low and raspy. “But I can see how much you love her. I won’t hurt her, I promise.” With that he nodded to us and moved to the driver’s side of the car. “You following us or not?” he asked, since we had yet to get into Sadie’s station wagon.
Moving into action we all took our places in the car. I let Nate sit in the front while I took the back. The events of the last few days were catching up to me and I figured a little nap was in order.
It wasn’t long before the comforting movement of the car lulled me to sleep.

“You bit her by accident? Nate how could you be so careless?” The voice that had spoken was female and dripping with condescension.
It took me a moment to realize where I was. I recognized the low vibration below me, since I had been driving in a car for the last day and a half. But the smell was different; instead of smelly socks and body odor I smelled tropical fruit. The voice that had spoken was Sadie and when I realized what they were talking about I chose to keep my eyes closed, curious as to how Nate would react.
“I know, okay?” He sighed heavily, the strain that had appeared occasionally since I forgave him months ago returned to his voice. “I lost control.”
“That’s not like you. What were you doing?” There was silence and then a soft chuckle. “Oh.”
“Anyway, she finally forgave me and we’re happy, extremely happy.”
I heard a soft sound like the touch of skin on jeans. She must have touched his leg. I tried not to let that bother me; they were just friends. “I’m glad, Nathaniel. You deserve happiness.”
“So do you. It must have been lonely hiding all of this time thinking a vampire was after you.”
She sighed deeply and I could hear years of anxiety in that sound. “It was. Until Marisa came along.” Even from the backseat, with a small blanket covering me, I could hear the love in her voice. “I wanted to help her. Protect her from her brother who I thought had killed her parents. But it was she who helped me. With her I found a family, someone to love who loved me back. I missed having someone in my life. Since I left you I stayed away from people, thinking I was protecting them.” Her voice turned dark, anger toward herself, evident in the tone. “Apparently, I had nothing to worry about.”
“I still can’t believe you’re alive.” Nate laughed softly, the sweet sound making my insides turn to mush. “What did I cremate?”
“I’m not sure. Joe said he would take care of everything. I was weak. I couldn’t have staged a fake burial. I barely made it back to a hotel where I recovered.”
“I wished you would have waited and asked me who shot us.”
I could hear movement again, this time it sounded like she tapped the leather console between them with her hand. “So do I. But since we can’t change the past let’s enjoy the future.”
“Speaking of the future, Megan,” Nate raised his voice, despite the fact that I could hear him clearly. “Is there any room for Sadie at the Shelter?”
I sat up and leaned over his headrest, gazing into his eyes as he turned in his seat. “How did you know I was awake?”
He chuckled softly. “I’ve gotten accustomed to the sound of your breathing at night. I know when you’re sleeping and when you’re not.” His explanation was sweet, making my heart flutter. I had missed him so much over the last day and a half.
“The shelter?” Sadie asked, her eyes shifting to me in the rear-view mirror as she drove. I could see the Jeep ahead of us, the sun’s rays glaring off of the paint. “You don’t mean Riley House?” Her voice held both surprise and joy.
Nate laughed again. “Yes. I’ve opened forty in different cities around the country. Megan took over the shelter in Creekford. I’ve been working at the store for a while.” Nate turned back to me. “Sadie convinced me to open the shelter.”
I shifted my gaze from my husband to his friend, feeling very young. I was talking to the founders of Riley House from back in the sixties. Again, I felt insignificant. This man had lived for so long and experienced so much; I was sometimes overwhelmed. 
“I’d love to help with whatever I could, Megan.” Sadie’s eyes lit up just talking about it. I could tell she’d be a great fit for the shelter. She already had that “It” Julia had talked about when I first started volunteering. She had said I had it when I expressed my need to help the people I had just met. I had wanted to adopt them all and take care of them. I had never met anyone struggling as much as the people at the shelter. I had been raised in a mansion and never been exposed to anything but my rich, sheltered life. Seeing this new world had opened my eyes to so many new things.
I smiled at her, sitting back in my seat after I ran my fingers through the back of Nate’s hair, the silky strands felt like feathers fluttering against my skin. “We can always use help; we’re expanding. Adrian will be joining us as well.”
She looked away from me, her face flushing. “Oh.”
I smirked at her as I folded my arms in front of me, knowing that her flush was from more than just guilt, but I stayed silent, glancing out at the houses that we passed. We were driving through a large city with towering office buildings and lots of people milling about on the streets.
“Don’t worry. He’ll forgive you eventually. I don’t know him as well as Megan does, but I can tell he’s a good man, despite the last ten years.”
“They’re mates,” I blurted to Nate, savoring the fact that for once I knew something he didn’t. 
“What?” Nate gasped looking between the two of us.
Sadie pressed her lips together and stared at the road ahead. “I noticed something off with his scent over the last few months. But since I was never very close to him and I was more concerned with keeping Marisa safe, I brushed it off. When I saw him today, I knew.”
“She turned into a wolf and attacked him,” I added, still a little shocked by what had happened. It didn’t seem to bother Adrian, but I would have been freaked.
Nate frowned as he stared at Sadie. “During the day? Sadie, you could have been seen.” Now it was his turn to speak in condescending tones. 
Sadie stared at the road ahead, guilt flashing over her features. “I know. But at the time I wasn’t thinking. My wolf took over and I was angry that fate had chosen a killer for me.”
“He is a good guy.” I assured her.
“We’ll see.” She muttered and her chocolate, colored eyes met mine in the mirror again. “How did you find us anyway?”
“Marisa.”
Her brows raised in confusion. “What do you mean?”
I leaned forward tapping my finger on the back of Nate’s leather seat. “She left me a note in the washroom at a rest stop.”
“She what?” Sadie gasped, nearly running into the Jeep in front of us as they slowed to take a turn. If Nate hadn’t of pointed it out, we would have hit them.
Sadie flushed with embarrassment and Nate eyed her apprehensively.
“I’m fine, Nate.” She glanced at me through the rear-view mirror. “Go on.”
I looked between them and then deciding it was safe to continue I answered her. “She said she missed her brother and didn’t know you were keeping her from him until she saw us at the motel.”
Remorse settled in Sadie’s eyes as she glanced back at the road. She went silent as Nate asked me what happened the night at the hotel.
After I explained, I looked back at her. A tear was sliding down her cheek.




Chapter Twelve
The Way Home

We drove the rest of the day, stopping only for meals and bathroom breaks. Nate and I took over the driving after dinner; Nate for Sadie, me for Adrian. The bright day had turned gray when dusk fell upon us. Marisa rode with Sadie for a while and with her out of hearing distance I filled Adrian in on what he had missed when he was packing the car with Marisa. I also told him how Sadie reacted when I spilled the beans to Nate that our two friends were mated. “Doesn’t it bother you at all that she turned into a wolf and attacked you?” I couldn’t get the image of her snapping her teeth at his throat out of my mind.
He shook his head. “No. We were both affected and in shock when we realized we were mated. Besides, she thought I was a killer. I understand why she did that. The wolf was taking over.”
“So, what are you going to do?” I asked, referring to the fact that they obviously didn’t like each other, but had been paired up by fate.
“I don’t know.”
“Don’t you want to be with her?”
He made a small sound in his throat, like a rumbling groan. “My wolf does. But my human brain can’t forgive her for keeping my sister away from me all this time.”
I dropped my right hand from the wheel and placed it on the edge of my seat. “You know it was mostly Charlotte’s fault.”
He sighed, a heaviness I was used to hearing from my husband. The weight of it settled on his face and made his shoulders slump. “I know, but it doesn’t make it easier knowing I’m supposed to be with someone who purposefully kept me from my sister.”
I didn’t know what to say to that. She was the reason he had been searching for six months without finding Marisa. And it had taken a toll on him. When he picked me up at the airport, he looked tired. The usual playful smile wasn’t on his face as much as it was when I had first met him. He lived with Charlotte for ten years and it took the last six months of frustration to break him. I understood why, when Charlotte died, he was hopeful for the first time in years. With the address he found in Charlotte’s belongings he was sure he’d finally be reunited with his only living family member. And with each near-miss, his frustration level spiked.
“Are there really vampires?” he asked as Nate made a turn onto the freeway. I followed him, glad he was the one leading. I would have been lost hours ago. 
“I guess so. You’ve never run into any with Charlotte?”
Adrian laughed darkly. “No, she liked to be the scariest one around. She wouldn’t keep company with someone that could hurt her. It would have made her feel weak. And that’s not an emotion she was comfortable with.”
I sat quietly for a minute, concentrating on the busy traffic around us. I wasn’t used to driving on the freeway and I was a little nervous. 
“Do you think the real ones are dead like in the movies?” I asked a while later.
He shook his head and shrugged. “How would I know? I didn’t know they existed until you just told me?”
Speaking of the undead, I suddenly remembered something. “How long do you think it will take to get home?”
“Five days maybe?”
“Ahh, good. We’ll make it just in time for the reception my mother is putting together for us.” I grinned, prying my eyes from the busy road to peek at him.
He grimaced. “Oh, Yay. I can’t wait to meet Mommy Dearest.”
Despite my mother’s slight turn around, I couldn’t help but laugh. I had regaled many tales of my childhood to him when we were getting to know one another, so he knew my history. I waited to feel the usual guilt associated with making fun of her, but it didn’t come. Instead of dwelling on what I didn’t have, I decided to focus on what I had. And that was a pretty good life. Yes, my parents wouldn’t win any parents-of-the-year awards, but I had a loving husband and great friends. And I couldn’t forget the honorary mother, who raised me. It was more than a lot of people had in their life.
I almost felt at peace as this realization washed over me.
“What?” Adrian asked, his finger tapping his knee to the beat of the song that was playing on the radio. 
I scrunched my face in confusion. “What do you mean…what?”
His lips turned up slightly, his eyes brighter than they were a few moments ago. “Why are you smiling?”
“I didn’t know I was. But it’s nothing. I’m just happy.” I nodded to the car ahead of us. “I have an awesome man, great friends and a job I love. My life has changed so drastically since I met Nate. I’ve never been truly happy before and excited for the future and now I am.” I felt my smile widening.
He raised a brow. “Okay, I’m sorry I asked. Now I feel depressed.”
I laughed, reaching out to touch his knee. “Hey, you found your sister and your mate all in one day; you should be ecstatic.”
He frowned, the brightness in his eyes fading. “You know how I feel about Sadie. And Marisa has changed. She’s not the little girl I remember. I’ve missed ten years of her life, she’s a teenager now. I don’t know how to relate to her.” 
I rolled my eyes and laughed at him. “You had one car ride with her. It will take time, but you’ll get there.”
“You promise?” he asked expectantly. 
“Yes. I promise.” I reached out with my free hand and patted his leg once more. He was wearing shorts now. We all had changed when we stopped for food. It was too hot in the car for jeans. I was wearing my jean shorts and a blue ribbed tank top. “You and I get along and I’m a teenage girl.’
He scoffed at my words. “That’s different, you’re not related. But you’re right. I just have to give it time.”
My phone beeped just as I was about to tease him about his impatience. “Can you hand me my phone?”
He lifted it from the console, his knuckle smacking against the emergency brake and held it up. He held it steady in front of me so it was easier to read. Let’s stop for the night.
“Tell him okay.” I instructed.
He did what I asked and typed in my message. I watched as Nate pulled off the freeway. I followed a little too quickly, cutting off a minivan and I cringed when they honked the horn at me. “Sorry,” I called out, even though they wouldn’t be able to hear me.
Adrian grinned and stifled a laugh, but lucky for him he didn’t say anything. I was nervous enough, I didn’t need his laughter. I hoped the next time I drove it wasn’t on a freeway.

Ten minutes later, we pulled into a hotel parking lot. It wasn’t the kind Adrian and I had stopped at. It was a little classier with no paint peeling.
“She’s not sharing a room with her.” Adrian murmured as he opened his door.
Nate, Sadie and Marisa all emerged from the station wagon simultaneously.
“Marisa will be sharing a room with me,” Adrian informed the group as we approached them.
Sadie glared at him, her hair that was now loose, fluttered in the breeze. “Is that appropriate? She’s a young girl.”
Anger flashed over Adrian’s features. “I don’t know what you’re implying, but I’m not going to let you be alone with her for even a second.”
She stepped closer to him, her eyes flashing yellow, but she was smiling. The combination was a bit eerie. “She is mine.” Her voice was a feral growl. He had awakened mama wolf and the tension coming off her was palpable.
If she thought he would back down, then she had underestimated my friend. “No. She is my family. You have no right to her.” He towered over her, bending down to keep eye contact. “I thought we established that.”
As they glared at each other, Nate stepped forward. “Adrian, I promise she won’t run again, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
Adrian’s eyes shifted to Nate. “Why wouldn’t she? She’s been running from me for the last six months.”
Marisa squeezed between Adrian and Sadie. “It’s alright, I’ll stay with him. Eva, I mean Sadie, why don’t you stay next door?”
Sadie kept her gaze locked on Adrian, the creepy smirk still edged on her face, until Marisa placed her hand on her shoulder. “I’ll be fine.”
Sadie’s expression softened as she finally looked away, pulling Marisa into a hug. “It’s just hard to let you go.” She murmured into Marisa’s hair.
Marisa pulled back and touched Sadie’s cheek with her hand. “You don’t have to. Just let us get to know each other again.”
Sadie nodded as another tear slid down her cheek.
I took Adrian’s hand and led him into the office with the rest of our group following. We booked three rooms. Sadie and Adrian’s rooms were across the hall from Nate and mine.
My phone rang as soon as the door clicked closed behind us as we entered our room. It was Lauren. I felt a sting of guilt at the sight of her number. I hadn’t even thought to call her and give her an update. “Hello?”
“What’s going on I haven’t heard from you in days.” Her voice was shrill and loud. 
“I know, I’m sorry. But there’s been a lot going on.”
“Did you find her?”
“Yes.”
“Thank goodness.” She blew out a sigh of relief. “I bet Adrian is happy.”
“Very, but there’s been a few complications.” I leaned back on the bed, gazing up at the light fixture. The bright light glowed through little black spots that I suspected to be dead bugs. “The person that was keeping—”
“Megan.” Nate’s abrupt voice stopped my next words. My gaze moved from the light to his handsome face. His features were hard, his eyes cold. Instead of speaking he shook his head.
“Meg? What were you going to say?” Lauren asked from the other end. I could hear something that sounded like springs squeaking, as though she was settling onto a bed or couch.
“Oh…Uh…nothing. Just that it was a werewolf that was keeping her.”
“It’s not surprising is it?”
I gazed at Nate as I spoke. His face softened, his eyes washed with apology for snapping at me. “No, I guess not. So what’s going on with you?”
“Not much, just cramming for my chemistry final.”
I smiled at the man in front of me when he winked. “Ohhh, sounds fun. Where’s Joe?”
“He’s lying on the floor watching The Bachelorette.”
“Like bloody hell, I am.” Joe’s voice called from her end of the line.
Lauren and I shared a laugh. “When are you guys coming back?” she asked with laughter still in her voice.
“We’re on our way, just stopping for the night?”
“Why didn’t you fly? Isn’t your reception soon?”
I rolled my eyes. “Thanks for the reminder. But we’ll be back in time. Adrian has his jeep and I wanted to keep him company.”
“Well, now that I know you guys found her and you’re on your way, I should get back to studying.”
“Okay, I’ll see you when we get back.” I pressed the end button and tossed my cell onto the bed. It bounced onto the pillow next to me.
“Why didn’t you want me to tell her about Sadie?” I asked Nate, folding my arms in front of me as I sat up.
“Because, I want to do it.”
I narrowed my eyes, studying him. “What’s going on?” I asked suspiciously.
His face held the mask of blankness he used to use on me when we first met as he shrugged off my question. “I’m just not exactly sure of Joe right now.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
He sighed heavily, as he perched on the edge of the small couch. “He lied to me about Sadie and kept her existence secret all of this time. How do I go back and act like that’s okay.”
I could see the hurt in his eyes. Besides Will, Joe was the best friend Nate had and since he outlived everyone else he cared about, his friendship with Joe meant a lot to him.
I got up and stood in front of him, hating to see him so emotional. “He was protecting you. Sadie told him you were in danger if you knew her.” 
“I understand him not telling me right away, but it’s been fifty freaking years.” Anger spiked in his voice as he formed the last few words.
Needing to soothe him, I laced my fingers in the soft strands of his hair. He leaned into me and instead of discussing it further; we lapsed into a comfortable silence. He fell onto the couch and I sat on his lap as he snuggled into my chest with my arms wrapped around him.

Later, as we were lying in bed, I thought over the day’s events. I was worried how Nate would react when he finally saw Joe again. But as I thought of everything that had happened, there was one thing that overshadowed that worry.
“Nate?” I whispered into the darkness of the room.
“Hmm?”
“I’m a little disturbed with what you and Sadie said earlier.”
“About what?”
“Are you sure there are such things as vampires?”
“Yes.”
“Like living-dead-sucks-blood kind of Vampires?”
After a silent pause with the only sound being the hum of the air-conditioner, he answered, “Yes.”
I leaned up on his smooth chest so I could look him in the eyes that were almost black in the dark room. “But how do you know? Adrian said he has never heard of any.”
He sighed, rubbing his hand gently up and down my arm. “Because I know one.”
I sat up, holding the sheet against me. “Seriously?”
He nodded, his lips turning up into a ghost of a smile. 
“Why am I only hearing this now?”
He shook his head slightly. “Vampires are secretive, even more so than werewolves. I didn’t want to endanger you anymore than I have. Besides, it never came up.”
My eyes widened. “It never came up? That is something you bring up. Not wait for the subject to happen.” I slapped his bare shoulder, the smacking sound echoed in the quiet room. “Do they kill or just snack on people? Are there a lot of them? Are we in danger?”
He held up a hand. “Whoa, slow down.” He pulled me back against him; my cheek nestled against his warm skin. I breathed in his scent, taking comfort in the familiarity of it. “No, we are not in danger. There are not many around the world. Mainly because they like to keep their existence secret and if there was a lot of them out there that would make it harder to hide.” He moved his warm hand down to mine and knotted our fingers together. “I met my friend about twenty years ago. He sensed what I was and approached me. I never saw him feed and I have never asked about his eating habits. He is charming, but closed-mouthed. I have spoken to him once a year since we met, but only on the phone. We share the need to help others and he has asked for advice over the years. He runs shelters for battered women.”
I lifted my head, surprised at his words. “What? Why would a vampire care about a human being abused?”
He lifted a shoulder. “He was a human once, just like us. His father was abusive to his mother and he vowed to protect her. When he became a vampire he used to hunt abusive men and kill them. He has since evolved. Unlike others he knows, he is opposed to killing now. That’s all I know.” 
“How does he not kill? Does he just take a little? Why would someone let him do that?”
“Meg, I don’t know. Like I said he’s never told me. And I don’t ask. I respect him for fighting his instinct and I leave it at that.”
I laid my head back down, listening to the rhythm of his heartbeat. “What’s his name?”
“I’d rather not say.”
I sat up again. “What? Why?”
He squeezed my fingers. “I told you, they value their secrecy and if I gave you his name he could get angry. I don’t want to take that chance with you.”
“You said he doesn’t kill.” A shiver of fear ran over me. If Nate, the strongest person I knew was intimidated by vampires, how could I not be? 
“He doesn’t. And I don’t think he would be angry, but I won’t take that chance with your life. Vampires are much stronger than us.”
“But—” I started to protest, until he placed his finger on my lips. “Please, let’s not discuss this any longer. We haven’t been alone since I arrived and before that you were gone for two days.” His words faded away as his lips found mine.
He was right. It had been days since we were alone. And it felt much longer since we had been this close. As he pulled me back down, I pushed my worry to the back of my mind. It was Nate’s choice who he was friends with, not mine.




Chapter Thirteen
A long day

“Meg, your phone is ringing.” Nate’s muffled voice pulled me out of unconsciousness. As lucidity spread through my foggy brain, I heard the phone, but chose to ignore it. The ringing continued. “Meeeggg!” The word was a sleepy groan. 
“Ugh!” was my only response. Finally, opening my heavy eyelids, I leaned over the bed and dug through my bag. By the time my hand wrapped around the offensive object it had stopped ringing. I sighed with relief, until it began again in my hand. “What?” I grumbled into the phone after hitting the talk button.
I leaned my head back onto the pillow. Nate snuggled into my shoulder, breathing softly as his hair tickled my chin, his warmth spreading through my t-shirt and into my skin.
“Is that anyway to answer your phone?” My mother’s shrill voice asked.
Oh God, not now. “Mom, why are you calling so early?”
“It’s nine in the morning, Megan. Aren’t you at the shelter?
Oh crap, I forgot to call my mother. “Oh…uh, I’m not there.” I hated to utter my next words, but I couldn’t see a way around it. “I’m on my way home from Sacramento.”
“Sacramento? What in heaven’s name were you doing there this close to your reception?”
“I went out to meet Adrian. He was looking for his sister and asked me to help.” 
“If you miss this reception, Megan, I will never speak to you again.”
I wanted to say that if that was all it took then for sure I wouldn’t be there. But no, despite her snotty comment, I chose to be the grown up. “I will be there Mom. What do you want?”
She was silent for a few seconds before she finally spoke. “I wanted to know what you were planning on wearing to the event. I could help you choose if you like.”
I rolled my eyes and resisted the urge to sigh. I didn’t care what I wore. Fashion just didn’t mean a lot to me like it did her. “I don’t know what I’m wearing yet, Mother. And right now I have other things to worry about.” Like getting some more sleep.
“I can help you when you get back.”
“I...I don’t know what I’m doing. Can we talk about this later?” I couldn’t help the snippiness in my voice. 
“Well, yes. But you don’t have to be rude.”
“I’m sorry mom, but I was sleeping. It’s been a long couple of days. I’ll see you at the reception.” With that, I hung up. It was way too early to deal with her.
I leaned my head back, snuggled against Nate’s and started to drift off again listening to my husband’s even breaths. Bang Bang. I jerked at the sound of a knock on the door. It was Adrian and Marisa. Their scents drifted through the crack under the door. I tapped Nate on the shoulder and when he drew away, I bent over and pulled on my yoga pants, since I was already wearing a t-shirt. Nate jumped up to throw on a pair of jeans and a royal blue polo shirt that brought out the color in his eyes.
When I opened the door, I peeked out into the hallway as they both stepped through the threshold. “Where’s Sadie?”
“She’s in the shower,” Marisa answered as she fell into the tiny sofa, the edge of it knocked against the wall with a thump.
“You guys just waking up?” Adrian asked, taking the chair at the desk.
“Kind of, my mother’s phone call woke me up, but I was just drifting off again. She called because she wanted to discuss outfits for the reception.” I sat down on the edge of the bed, running my fingers over the soft blanket. “Are you coming Marisa?”
“Where?” She pulled a magazine off the coffee table and flipped through it.
“My mother is having a reception for Nate and me because we eloped.”
Finished with the magazine, she tossed it back onto the tabletop with a SPLAT. “You don’t sound very excited.”
“Her mother is the reason we eloped,” Nate explained, grabbing his backpack off the floor. “I’m going to hop in the shower.” He leaned down and kissed my forehead and nodded to our guests before slipping into the other room.
“What did she do?” Marisa asked when the door to the bathroom closed behind Nate.
“She’s not a very loving mother to start with and she was making the wedding about her. She cared more about what the other socialites thought than I did.” I stood up and wandered to the mirror and cringed when I saw my reflection. A raccoon in a windstorm gazed back at me. The makeup that I had forgotten to remove was smudged halfway down my cheeks and my hair was sticking up on the crown of my head. I turned away, knowing there was nothing I could do to fix my appearance until Nate finished in the shower. “It just became overwhelming. It was more of a circus for rich people than my wedding.”
“At least you have a mother,” Marisa shot back.
“Mari,” Adrian scolded, taking on the big brother role once again.
“No, it’s okay. And you’re right Marisa, I do have both my parents. But they are nothing like yours were. Adrian told me a few things about them and even though your time was short with them you’re lucky you had such loving people in your life. I am not as lucky.” I smiled as I gazed at her. “If you come to the reception, you’ll understand.”
Nate emerged from the bathroom at that moment, ceasing any further conversation. He was wearing cargo shorts and a black t-shirt. His hair was wet and his arms were damp. His sexy just-showered look made me want to run my hands all over his damp skin. But with an audience, it might not be wise. Instead, I took his appearance as a cue to grab my bag and take my turn.
Sadie appeared at our door about the same time as I came out of the washroom wearing tights and a long, short-sleeved mauve top with a tiny ruffle at the collar. I left my hair down, but since we’d be driving all day didn’t do much styling, what would be the point with the wind whipping through the windows?
Nate approached me, his eyes leering at me appreciatively. “You look beautiful,” he whispered before giving me a quick kiss on the lips.
“Eww. Are they always like that?” Marisa asked in her fifteen year old whiny voice.
Nate leaned his forehead on mine and smiled, he chuckled softly at her comment.
Adrian snorted. “The last time I saw them together they were fighting,” he said as he stood up from the desk chair.
“Why were you fighting?” she asked me.
Where was the silent, mature girl from yesterday when we met her? I was beginning to see that the more she saw of us the more comfortable she became. At her question, a flash of sharp teeth and yellow eyes appeared in my mind and I winced at the memory. I hadn’t thought of the night Nate bit me in months and despite the fact that I had forgiven him, I couldn’t help react to the image. It was not a good memory.
“Um…” I didn’t want to get into our emotionally packed breakup right now and with a quick glance at Nate I was sure he didn’t want to either. His eyes were tortured and his jaw set. He still felt guilty about what he did even though there was nothing we could do about it. My heart ached at the sight of his pain.
Adrian must have sensed our discomfort, because he clapped his hands together. “Let’s get going guys; I’d like to stop for breakfast. Our things are already in the car.” He reached for my suitcase.
“Geesh, Adrian, what time did you get up?” I struggled to smile, fighting the mood Marisa’s questions provoked.
“Seven. But I let Mari sleep until eight. And when she woke up I was showered, dressed and packed. I had to wait for her though.” He was happier than he had been yesterday. He must have had a good sleep and allowed the events of yesterday sink in.
Marisa grinned at him. “He’s still a morning person.” Her face brightened; clearly happy she remembered something about her brother.
“Did he tell you he’s a great kick boxer?”
“You still do that?” she asked him, looking up at him with a half-smile.
He nodded to her and then glanced at me. “Yeah, I was into it before I was bitten. I stopped for a while, but started again a few years ago.”
“Your brother trained me to defend myself against Charlotte. He knew I would need to be able to protect myself.” I couldn’t help the awe that laced my words. He had introduced me to a world that I loved and still practiced whenever I could. Despite his deception of his true identity at first, he helped me learn to protect myself and at a low point in my life, I appreciated that so much. That was why I felt the need to help him find his sister. I wanted to pay him back in some way. And besides, I was glad that I made the trip. Nate would never have found Sadie and Adrian might still be looking. And Marisa needed Adrian in her life just as bad as he needed her. They were family and to them that meant everything to them. I was just beginning to understand that feeling, but with me it was my married family that I treasured.
“Really?” Marisa gazed at Adrian. “Can you train me?”
He smiled, his eyes lighting with emotion. “I’d loved to.”
I couldn’t help but sneak a look at Sadie. There was sadness in her eyes that she was trying to hide with a small smile. She had kept her brown hair down as well; the braid was nowhere to be seen. She was wearing a white peasant top with black shorts. She didn’t wear a lot of makeup, but she didn’t need it.
“Great. Well, we should get going. Don’t want to miss the party my mother’s having for us.” I grabbed my bag and followed Adrian out, who was still dragging my suitcase behind him.
Sadie glanced at Nate raising a brow in question. “I’ll explain on the way,” he said.
Nate and I separated again. I think he wanted to be with his friend, who I could tell was feeling left out. I hated the tiny twinge of satisfaction that burned inside me. Adrian was my friend and she had hurt him. I couldn’t help feeling protective of people I cared for.
Adrian and I were bombarded with questions from Marisa about her new home. There were more for me than him though, since they mostly consisted of queries about the high schools and kids in town. I didn’t know many teens her age, but I described the school and clubs. It turned out she had always wanted to be a cheerleader, but just when tryouts started Sadie removed her, just after she smelled Adrian. 
She seemed excited as I described where they would live and about the Riley family all of whom knew about the secret of werewolves.
“Actually,” I said over my shoulder. “Nathan doesn’t. So, make sure to keep quiet around him.”
“Who’s Nathan and why doesn’t he know?” Her hands appeared on our seats and then her head popped between us, long black strands of her hair fluttered in the wind, blowing in both of our faces.
I leaned back. “He is my best friend’s brother and Nate’s nephew.” I pushed at a lock of hair that the wind blew into my eyes. “And in his family they always tell the kids around seventeen or eighteen, or whenever they are ready.”
“How old is he?”
I could hear the curiosity in her tone and I was a little nervous to answer. “Fifteen.” I mumbled.
Adrian glared at me and all I could do was shrug. I could see the interest peek in her expression, but her only response was an indifferent, “Cool.” Then she went silent as she sat back in her seat staring out the window and watching the scenery pass by. The sky was darker today. The sun was hidden under clouds, but it was still hot. The humidity was high and since Adrian’s air-conditioner was on the blink we had the windows open. The wind whipped our hair into our faces, but it felt better than the sticky heat.
Adrian and I exchanged glances when Marisa remained silent. This was an unexpected turn of events. Now Adrian would have to worry about hormonal teenagers living on the same estate. I couldn’t help the smile that played at my lips. Adrian was in for a lot of drama and he may need Sadie’s help whether he liked it or not.
I felt so much older than my nineteen years. Marisa wasn’t that much younger than me, but I felt that I had aged ten years since I met Nate. I was now married and helping to run a charity. When I took the time to really think about it, I felt a little overwhelmed.

We drove all day and again stopped for the night. This time Marisa asked to stay with Sadie. Sadie’s face brightened. I was expecting Adrian to get upset, but he said it was fine as long as there was a connecting door between them. He still didn’t trust Sadie and why would he? She had proven to be a runner.
Once the girls were settled in their room, I motioned for Adrian to come into ours. Nate set our bags down near the closet and Adrian settled on the sofa, lying out comfortably, his sandaled feet sticking out over the arm of the couch.
“Why did you let her stay with Sadie?” I asked softly, knowing that if Sadie was in the hall, she’d hear.
“Because it’s been a long time since I spent any time with Marisa and I forgot how much she talked.” He laid his head back in the cushion and covered his face with his arm. “She talks as much as she did when she was five. I was used to it then, but now I’ll need to take it in small doses.”
It was true. Her silence after her questions about Nathan didn’t last long. She got excited when a song came on the radio and she began to sing. Then asked me questions about who I thought were the hottest singers, which moved to the hottest actors and then asked if there was anyone in Creekford that resembled any actors. Then she talked about clothes and asked to see mine when I described all the clothes my mother used to buy me. Adrian was quiet most of the time, while we discussed girly things. I tried to steer her to a subject he could join by telling her that I had managed to stop a werewolf from killing Lauren’s father. But after her initial excitement and a few questions on where we train, or how often we worked out, she lost interest. It was indeed a long day.
“So, it won’t be so bad to have Sadie help then?” Nate asked.
Adrian’s arm remained over his face as he nodded. “I’ll take all the help I can get.”
“Good. Because Sadie is a good person and this situation is hurting her.”
Adrian removed his hand and sat up, glaring at Nate. “This is hurting her? Are you serious Nate?”
Nate turned to face Adrian, his face hard. “She thought you were dangerous or she would never have continued to keep her from you.”
Adrian sat up. “But she did.”
“Does it not matter that she’s yours?” Nate’s voice was softer.
Adrian growled out a deep breath. “I don’t even want to think about that right now.”
I glanced at Nate. “Did she say anything about that?”
“Just that she wanted to focus on Marisa, she is her priority.”
Adrian’s lips tightened but he remained silent.
“Well,” he said standing up after a few minutes of strained silence. “I’m going to bed. I need some quiet.” 
I jumped up and gave him a quick hug. “Have a good rest. We have another long day of driving tomorrow.”
When he pulled away, his face was strained. What Nate had said must have bothered him. “I think I might split up our time with Sadie.”
I laughed as he let himself out of our room.
I was suddenly wrapped in Nate’s arms. “I missed you today,” he whispered raggedly in my ear.
We fell onto the bed where I showed him how much I missed him.

“They’re gone!” Adrian’s loud growl yanked me out of sleep. I opened my eyes and blinked. The sun was bright, shining in through our hotel room. Adrian was standing in the doorway, wearing nothing but black cotton pajama pants. His hair was sticking up and his eyes were yellow and wild. His face was strained with worry and pain.
“What?” I mumbled, leaning up on my elbows. Nate sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
“Sadie took Marisa. I told you we couldn’t trust her.” He was glaring at Nate; all of his anger was directed at him.
“Maybe they just went to the store?” I suggested, thankful that I was wearing my usual nightshirt, since Adrian must have broken the lock.
Adrian shook his head. “No. Their room is empty.”
Panic rushed through my body making me gasp. I jumped up as his words finally settled into my sleepy brain. I yanked on my discarded shorts and then pulled my hair into a messy tail. “Come on Nate, we have to go track them down.”
Nate did as I asked as Adrian rushed back into his room to change. Within minutes we met in the hall and rushed down the stairs. We didn’t have time to wait for the elevator. I felt so angry at myself for believing Sadie could be trusted and a little ticked at Nate for vouching for her. Adrian was right all along and I would do everything in my power to make it up to him. As we burst outside into the bright sunshine we all froze at the scene before us…Sadie and Marisa were arm and arm skipping toward the hotel. They were both in shorts and tank tops, their hair down and it blew in the soft breeze around their faces. They were smiling and singing.
The three of us exchanged confused glances. This did not look like an escape attempt. 
“Where were you?” Adrian bellowed angrily across the lot, his booming voice echoed around us drawing attention from people nearby.
The two girls stopped and eyed us curiously. We moved forward meeting them halfway.
“It’s strawberry day,” Marisa explained as we approached them, like we should know what that meant. “Every Sunday morning we go out for strawberry shakes and strawberry covered waffles.”
Sadie glanced at each of us apprehensively. “I spotted a diner last night when we arrived and I woke Marisa early. We tried to be quiet so we wouldn’t wake you guys. It was a long drive yesterday and I knew you needed your sleep for the one today. I thought we’d be back before you woke up.”
Adrian smirked at her, not entirely believing her words. “Where are you bags?”
“We put them in the car, so we’d be ready to leave just in case we took too long at the diner,” Marisa answered, appearing confused with all the questions. In her mind, they simply went out to breakfast. What was wrong with that?
Sadie glanced between us, her eyes narrowed. “Wait. Did you guys think I took off with Marisa?” She was staring at Nate with an eyebrow raised. There was a hurt look in her eyes.
Nate cleared his throat uncomfortably. “Um…No. I didn’t.”
“I did. Don’t go anywhere again without letting me know. I almost had a heart attack,” Adrian informed her. 
Her still narrowed eyes flashed yellow as she turned her stare on Adrian. “Let’s just get one thing straight. I get that you are her brother, but you have to accept that I am her family too. And stop thinking the worst in me. I only want what is best for her and I know that us fighting over her all the time isn’t helping, so just back off.” Her words were so commanding I found myself taking a step back. For a young looking girl with an innocent face, she could be tough when she wanted to be.
Adrian remained silent as he spun around and headed for his Jeep. 




Chapter Fourteen
Houseguests

Things had been a little tense with our group for about a day after Adrian and Sadie’s argument, but everything returned to normal as time went on. When we arrived in Creekford the day before the reception it was forgotten altogether. After driving for so long, I was excited to get out of the stuffy confined space. I had driven with Adrian for the last few hours so I was extra happy to smell the fresh air. Since I had been keeping his car clean, it didn’t stink as much as it did when I first joined him a week ago. But it still didn’t smell like roses. The sun was out again, brighter and hotter than ever, but thankfully the humidity was gone. Yes it was hot, but there was a cool breeze that whispered through the trees that helped to cool us down.
Will, Caroline and Nathan met us in the driveway and I was excited to see their friendly faces. Traveling with the same four people for so long, I was desperately in need of new companionship. They were all dressed casually; Nathan in shorts and a t-shirt, Caroline in a pencil skirt and short sleeve blouse and Will was dressed in khakis and a polo shirt. They looked the typical country club part, but I knew they weren’t. They might have a membership, but they weren’t at all snobby. Classy, was the word I would use to describe Nate’s family. Well, now they were my family too. 
“How was the trip home?” Will asked us as we all emerged from the two cars. His trademark blond, Riley hair was thinning in the top and his face, that had been thin if not lined when I met him, was beginning to fill out. 
“Long,” I said as I stretched my stiff muscles.
Will laughed and turned to Adrian. “I see you found your sister?” he guessed, glancing at Marisa. But since she looked so much like her brother, it was easy to figure out which one she was. She smiled shyly at him and he moved his attention to Sadie. “But who’s this?” 
“Will, this is Sadie,” Nate explained, stepping up to the girl in question. Sadie’s grin was breathtaking. Over the last few days she had little to smile about, but when she did it brightened her whole face. And being around her you couldn’t help but smile yourself. When she wasn’t taking on Adrian, she had an innocent quality about her that was surprising for someone who had been through so much. 
Will’s eyes were as wide as the tires from the car I had just climbed out of. “How is that possible?”
Nate glanced at Nathan, who had yet to learn the secret of us werewolves and exchanged a look with Will. “I’ll explain later. Is it still okay if Adrian and Marisa stay at Joe’s?”
Will nodded sneaking a look at his son that was watching Marisa. “Yes. Joe can stay in the west wing when they get back later today.”
Nate nodded and patted Sadie on the back. “Good. And Sadie can stay with us at the cottage until we find her a more permanent home.” He glanced at me questionably and I smiled in answer. He couldn’t turn his friend away after just finding her. He wouldn’t be the man I loved if he did that.
Nate smiled in return, his eyes lit up with gratitude. “Sadie, Marisa, this is my uncle and his family; Caroline and Nathan.” They knew that wasn’t true, but Nathan didn’t. He grew up thinking of Nate as his older cousin. It was the secret the Riley family were bound to keep and most of them had no problem with it.
“It’s nice to meet you all,” Sadie said warmly as she stepped forward, her flip-flops smacking against the paved driveway. “I’ve heard a lot about you from Nate.”
“It’s wonderful to meet you as well,” Caroline said, shaking Sadie’s hand. “Welcome to our home. Let us know if you need anything.”
Sadie nodded as she pulled her hand out of Caroline’s. “Thank you so much.”
Marisa only smiled, her eyes shifting between the ground and Nathan, her cheeks flushing red. I couldn’t help but notice the extra care she had put in her appearance this morning before we left our final hotel. Her long, raven hair was up in a twist, with a few pieces framing her face. Her makeup highlighted her dark eyes and the royal blue, sleeveless blouse showcased her flawless complexion. She was also wearing a gray, layered, short skirt with a sparkly belt. Sadie and I had joked about feeling underdressed in our tank tops and shorts and with the heat, both of us were wearing minimal makeup. Marisa had said that she was trying to make a good impression on the people she would be staying with. Now that we were here though, I had a feeling it was only one of the Riley’s she cared about impressing.
Nathan smiled pointedly at Marisa. He was as friendly as Lauren, but I couldn’t help but notice a spark of interest in his eyes. And by the sudden frown on Adrian’s face, so did he. “Will you be going to Everest, Marisa?”
She shrugged, looking at Adrian for the answer. He looked just as unsure as he glanced at me.
I smiled and walked towards her, looping my arm through hers. She smelled of the perfume she had dosed herself with this morning and of course, cherry bubble gum. “Yes, she’ll be going to Everest, I’ve been filling her in on all the good places to go for lunch.”
Nathan laughed softly. “Did you tell her about Tots?”
Marisa grinned, her eyes flashing with amusement. “Isn’t that the place you told me not to go to because the guy scratches himself while he’s making French fries?”
Nathan laughed, his dimples showing, just like his namesake. It was spooky how much he resembled Nate. “That’s the place. Don’t worry, I’ll show you the ropes.”
Marisa smiled. “Cool, thanks.” Her face brightened again, flushing a deeper shade of crimson.
Sadie and Adrian shared a look of horror.
I suppressed a laugh, finding it humorous that they would have a similar reaction. Of course they would finally agree when it came to Marisa liking a boy. Isn’t that what all parents feared? 
Nate must have caught the look as well, because he chuckled softly. Adrian and Sadie cut him a searing look to silence him.
He cleared his throat as he walked around Adrian’s car. “Will, Megan and I are going to show our guests where they will be staying. How about we meet back here for dinner?”
Will nodded. “Sounds good, Nate.” He glanced at our friends. “It was nice to meet you, we’ll see you later.”
As we waved good-bye to them, I noticed Nathan watching Marisa and her obvious avoidance of him. I laughed to myself, knowing things were going to get interesting.
We took Adrian and Marisa to their new home first. I always felt a twinge of emotion when I saw the two-story, stone structure that was tucked away in the trees. It once belonged to my ancestor. She was a friend of Nate’s and was killed the night he was turned into a werewolf. 
The small carriage house had a fairy-tale feel. Either it was the vines that climbed the outside stone or the twin rockers that lined the porch. But when you looked at it, you almost expected a few dwarfs to stroll by, whistling while they worked.
“It’s charming,” Sadie observed cheerfully, taking Marisa’s hand to lead her forward. “You’re going to be happy here.”
Marisa stopped in front of the porch. “I wish you could live with us.”
Sadie frowned and reached out to brush a strand of Marisa’s inky hair that had come loose off her shoulder. “We’ll figure it all out. Give it some time.”
The steps creaked as Nate climbed them to unlock the door. “Marisa, Sadie will be just over that ridge for a while. It’s only a two-minute walk.”
Nate’s words seemed to soothe any concerns Marisa had. Her face brightened as she passed Nate, going into the house.
The house was small, but it did have three rooms on the second floor, with a single bathroom in the center.
“This is the biggest room Adrian, if you want it,” Nate explained as we all filed into a room decorated with blue striped wallpaper and a large window. Since the building itself was old most of the floorboards groaned as we walked over them. And despite the few air fresheners I noticed, there was an underlining scent of must that seemed to hover in most older homes. 
I couldn’t help but notice Adrian’s eyes flick to Sadie. I grinned at him, while he raised an eyebrow at me in question. “Sure,” he said eventually, after we traded meaningful looks. I wondered what the quick glance at Sadie meant. Was it that he would eventually cave to what Marisa wanted and give her the bigger room, since he was a gentleman? Or was he thinking that it was just big enough for both of them. The grin on my face widened as my thoughts played out in my head. It was fun to see someone else fight this werewolf mate thing, now that I was a happily married woman.
When Nate looked at me funny, I smoothed my features. 
“And you can choose whatever room you want Marisa,” Nate suggested.
She squealed as she took off out of the striped one, clearly excited to be settling down once again after the last six months of running.
“It really is a lovely home. Will they be able to remove the wallpaper?” Sadie asked Nate, as she rubbed her hand over the wall.
“Yeah, it is a little outdated,” I agreed, leaning against the antique oak dresser.
Adrian only shrugged; he didn’t seem to care about the aesthetics. “It’s built well though,” was all he added to the conversation.
“Yeah, it was built by Megan’s ancestors and back then they took pride in their work.” Nate agreed, with a look of affection for the people he used to know.
Adrian knocked on the wall and looked around the frame of the window. “I guess so. Wow,” he said opening the window. “It still opens. Are these new windows?”
Nate shook his head. “Nope, I didn’t want any changes here.” He flushed at the sound of his own words. “But I’m fine with it now. Feel free to change whatever you like. I trust your judgement.”
Adrian smiled warmly at him. “Thanks Nate, I appreciate this.” We all knew he could afford his own house with the remains of his inheritance. But we were like a wolf pack now. We liked to be close to each other and the fact that the house sat on hundreds of acres on which he could run on full moon nights was also a selling point.
As if reading my mind he asked, “What about next week, what should I do with Marisa? With all of us changing, I’d rather not leave her alone here.”
Concern flashed in Sadie’s chestnut colored eyes, obviously worried about the same thing.
“She can stay at the main house for dinner, or even the night. Everyone in the house knows but Nathan. But with so many of us around, Will might consider telling him soon.”
“Sadie, which one should I pick?” Marisa yelled from the hallway.
Sadie smiled at us and went to join the excited girl.
Once she was gone, I glanced at Adrian, a smirk playing at my lips. “So what do you think of the room?” 
He looked around, assessing his surroundings. “It’s nice.”
I pressed my lips together suppressing a grin. “It’s big too. You could fit two people in here.”
Nate snorted behind me and Adrian scowled. “Really? Are you going to start that now?”
I nodded, allowing the grin come out to play.
He just shook his head and brushed past me out into the hall, his mint chocolaty scent wafting behind him. “Which one did you pick?” I heard him ask his sister.
Nate and I shared a laugh as he took my hand pulling me out of the room to join the group.
It turned out Marisa had taste; she chose Lucy’s old room. It was the most feminine, with tiny flowered wallpaper and a window seat. Even the furnishings were meant for a girl; the bed frame was white wrought iron and the aged quilt was white with purple and rose colored flowers. 
“What color do you want the walls?” I asked Marisa. Since she was fifteen and getting to know her over the last few days, I was expecting her to say hot pink or lime green. I was surprised by her answer.
“I don’t think I want to change it right now. I like it the way it is. It’s feminine and cozy.”
Sadie appeared as shocked as I was. “Are you sure? I was thinking a pale lilac and cream, or sherbet orange if you want to go bright.”
Marisa shrugged. “Maybe someday, but I like it like this for now. I can’t wait to put my stuff in here though.”
“I’ll arrange it as soon as I find a place.” Sadie said softly, patting the girl she considered a daughter on the cheek.
Marisa shot Adrian a pointed look, but instead of acknowledging it, he moved to the door. “Well, let’s get what we have from the cars and move it in. I’ll take you shopping in a few days to get anything you want to decorate.” He turned to me and smiled, as if remembering something. “After the reception of course.”
“What is the dress code by the way?” Sadie asked, sitting on the edge of the bed, sending particles of dust into the air.
I grimaced. My mother would probably say black tie, but I didn’t want that. “It’s dressy, but not too fancy.”
Sadie winced. “I guess a shopping trip is in order.” I wondered about her finances. She was working at a coffee shop when she met Charlotte and since then had been raising a child. I doubted she had a lot of money. Plus she had been on the run for the last six months and I was sure she hadn’t even been working. “No need, I promised Marisa she could invade my closet at home. My mother has a habit of shopping for me, whether I like it or not. You`re both welcome to anything in there you like.”
Sadie smiled appreciatively. “Thank you. That would be helpful.”
Pushing myself off of the dresser, I sat beside her on the bed. The mattress dipped with my added weight. “And we can get our hair done too, my treat.”
Marisa squealed, but Sadie frowned. “I can’t let you do that, you guys have been so helpful already.”
I laid a hand on her leg, hoping to comfort her. While I have never struggled for money, given my line of work, I understood her apprehension to taking handouts. “I insist. Lauren will be home as well, we’ll make a day of it.”
Sadie’s face brightened. Most likely feeling included for the first time since we found them.
Nate smiled at me, admiration shining in his eyes. Then he focused his attention on Adrian. “So, the fridge and cupboards are stocked.” When Adrian’s eyebrow rose in question, Nate added, “I called when we were on the road to arrange it.” He paused as he moved out into the hallway. “And if you need anything else just give us a call. And if not, meet us at the cottage at about six?”
Adrian nodded. “Sounds good, thanks.”

When we entered our house, I practically cried when I fell into the soft cushions of our sofa. It was so good to be home. I leaned back with my feet up on the coffee table as Nate went over everything with Sadie—the spare room, the guest bathroom and kitchen. Once he finished, she excused herself so she could unpack and set up her room.
Nate fell into the sofa next to me and sighed. “It’s good to be home isn’t it?”
I nodded my head up and down, staring off into space. I was tired and as I had sat down my body seemed to deflate. I heard Nate turn the TV on and I shifted so I could lean on his shoulder. That was the last thing I remembered before I fell asleep.




Chapter Fifteen
Tension

A knock woke me from my nap. The sound of a strong heartbeat reminded me where I was—on the couch, leaning on Nate’s comfortable chest. The TV was turned off and Joe and Lauren were on the other side of the door. I could smell their combined scents, despite the foggy sleepiness that had settled in my brain. I felt Nate tense under my head and sat up. I watched him rub his face in agitation. His eyes were half glazed indicating that he had fallen asleep as well.
“Don’t be too hard on him,” I whispered, so the werewolves on the porch wouldn’t hear me.
“Why shouldn’t I?”
Instead of answering him, I gave him a pointed, stern look.
“Fine,” he retorted in a childish, petulant way that I would expect from me, but never from him.
I couldn’t help the smile that grew from seeing this side of him. He only scowled at me, clearly annoyed, which was also out of character for him.
We both stood up and I took his hand for support, squeezing his warm fingers.
When Nate opened the door Joe’s expression was guarded as he flared his nostrils, his eyes darting around the room. He avoided the penetrating glare Nate was giving him.
“Hey guys, I’m so glad you’re back,” Lauren cried cheerfully, rushing into my arms. She was wearing a sunny yellow sundress and her sandy hair was up in a ponytail. She looked as fresh as springtime. I had just seen her two weeks ago in Vegas, but since I had been so far away, the distance made it seem like it had been much longer.
“It hasn’t been that long,” I said with laughter in my voice, as the smell of her guava shampoo wafted around me. I pulled away from her and smiled a greeting to Joe, who remained in front of the door, looking reserved. His gray eyes pointed behind me. He must have caught Sadie’s scent.
Nate closed the door with a soft click as Lauren and I moved to the sofa. Joe remained standing, his hands in the pocket of his jeans.
“Is there someone else here? I smell another werewolf,” Lauren asked, getting comfortable by folding her legs out in front of her.
Nate stepped toward us and leered at Joe as he answered Lauren. “Yes. We have a houseguest. Can you guess who it is, Joe?” Although his voice sounded cheerful, the glare he was shooting Joe could scare a child.
Joe shifted his feet and stared down at the floor. “Nate,” he began, but was quickly cut off by my annoyed husband.
“How could you lie to me for so long?” You could hear the hurt and anger in his voice, it tore at my heart and I wanted to comfort him. 
“Just let me explain.” Joe’s voice had taken on his thick Irish brogue. It always happened when he was upset. Sometimes it was hard to understand him, other times if he was happy he almost sounded American.
“Explain what? That you wanted to protect me from a vampire that you knew wasn’t after her. I told you who shot me when I woke up. Why didn’t you tell me then so I could find her?”
Lauren watched their exchange with confusion. “Vampire?” Her hazel eyes went wide and she gazed at me. “They’re real?”
I shrugged. “I guess so.”
Joe’s attention went from Nate, to Lauren and then back to Nate. “For all I knew he was still bloody well after her. She asked me to help protect you, so I did. He may not have been the one that shot you, but he could have been watching her. So I made it look like she died.”
Joe’s explanation did nothing to change Nate’s demeanour. If anything, he seemed more fired up. His eyes turned yellow and his face hardened with rage. “What the hell did you bury?”
Joe’s face clouded with guilt, as he looked down at the floor. “A dead wolf.”
“Are you serious?” Nate spat out angrily. “You think a vampire is stupid enough to fall for that?”
Joe’s eyes flashed with annoyance. “How should I bloody well know?” His voice rose. “I’ve thankfully never had to meet one.”
“Well they`re not. If we could smell the difference between a real wolf and a werewolf then so can they.” Nate was now yelling and I could hear movement in the spare room. Sadie must have been sleeping before, but she was up now. 
“Then answer me this Nate, why didn’t you know the difference?” Joe asked. His accent was so thick it was hard to understand. He grimaced when he saw the look that crossed Nate’s face. “I’m sorry, alright?” he stammered.
“I was shaken by the fact I had just lost my best friend and I was too overcome by sorrow to notice.” Nate’s eyes returned to their natural color, but were now narrowed. “I might understand why you lied when it first happened, but what about all the years since? What else have you lied to me about?”
“What’s going on?” Lauren whispered to me, gazing at the men in front of us with apprehension.
I opened my mouth to answer her, but the sound of the spare bedroom door opening interrupted me. 
Sadie stepped into the living room. Her face was edged with uncertainty and her lips were turned up in a shy smile. Her long brown hair was again in a braid that fell over her left shoulder. She had changed into a white peasant, short-sleeved top and a long faded jean skirt. Her appearance must be close to the way it was when Nate met her back in the sixties. The words flower child came to mind. All that was missing was a peace sign.
We all turned to look at her.
“Hi Joseph,” she greeted him hesitantly. 
Joe gave her a sharp nod. “Sadie.” His voice was as terse as his expression.
“What, that’s all you have to say to a girl that came back from the dead; the one that you helped fake?” Nate asked, raising his voice louder. I had never heard him speak to anyone the way he was with Joe, his closest friend. His usual calm demeanour was nowhere to be seen. This angry crazed werewolf was so unlike him. An ache formed in my chest, at the sound of their arguing. I hated seeing him like this.
“I’ve said how sorry I am. I don’t know what else to say.” Joe ran his hand roughly through his mop of auburn hair.
“There is nothing to say now. You should have said a lot more for the last fifty years.” Nate’s face went hard, his jaw locked, a vein pulsed in his neck.
I stood up and moved toward him. “Nate, calm down,” I said gently, rubbing his back. The cotton from his gray shirt bunched up under my hand.
His eyes flicked to mine and he took a deep breath, his face relaxing just a tiny bit.
“I’m going to go have a shower before dinner.” He leaned into me and kissed the top of my head. With one more scowl in Joe’s direction he went into the bedroom, slamming the door behind him with a bang, causing the windows to shake.
We all jumped at the loud noise.
“I’m sorry Joe. I didn’t expect to see him and when he asked me what happened, I didn’t know what to say,” Sadie explained softly, her voice wavering with emotion.
“It’s alright,” Joe said shaking his head. “He’d have found out eventually.”
Lauren gazed at me, imploring me with her eyes. She was in the dark and getting frustrated. 
“Lauren this is Sadie, an old friend of Nate’s and the girl that has raised Marisa,” I explained, knowing she was extremely confused.
Lauren’s mouth fell open in shock. “You’re the one that took Marisa from Adrian?”
Guilt clouded Sadie’s features as she nodded slowly.
For some reason I felt the need to defend her. Even though I was and always would be on Adrian’s side, I knew this situation was not black and white. She had had good reasons to keep Marisa from her brother. She just didn’t know that those reasons were lies thought up by a sadistic werewolf set on ruining people’s lives for fun. “Charlotte told her that Adrian killed his parents. She thought she was protecting her,” I explained. “And she’s Adrian’s mate.” I couldn’t help add that little nugget of info. For some reason I was amused at what fate had thrown at Adrian and I could barely hold in a giggle.
Lauren’s jaw dropped even further. “No way!” she gasped at me.
Sadie shot me a look of embarrassment, her cheeks flushing red.
“I invited Sadie and Marisa to invade my closet at home and then do a day of beauty tomorrow. Do you want to come?” I asked Lauren.
“Sure, it sounds fun,” Lauren replied, eyeing Sadie and then Joe who was now sitting on an arm chair stiffly, staring at his shoes. “What did Nate mean when he said you helped fake her death?”
Joe closed his eyes and sighed heavily. “I’ll fill you in on the way home. We should be going, so we can go get ready for dinner.” He stood up and held his hand out for Lauren to take.
She gave me and Sadie a weak smile and placed her hand in his. Together they escaped the tension-filled cottage.
The room was suddenly silent, as if all the noise was sucked out the door with them.
“That was intense,” I muttered, hoping to break the awkwardness that lingered in the room.
Sadie let out a long breath, as if she had been holding it for a while. She moved slowly to the arm chair and fell into it. “It sure was.” She leaned her head up and gazed at the ceiling, the hair that had come loose from her braid stuck out around her head.
I sat back down on the sofa and sprawled my legs onto the coffee table, flipping the TV back on to avoid conversation. 
We were quiet for a while. Clearly I wasn’t the only one that felt uncomfortable. I glanced outside at the lake, where Nate’s red speedboat was docked. I craved the relaxation a ride would give me: the crisp air blowing through my hair, the water splashing my skin, cooling me from the hot weather. We hadn’t been out in quite some time.
I was watching the water slap against the hull when I heard Sadie sigh heavily. As I turned back around, she groaned.
“Is there something you’d like to talk about?” I asked, taking her not so subtle hint.
“I just wish I could change almost every decision I’ve ever made, you know?” She paused, twirling her long braid around her finger. Strands of brown hair curled along her skin. “Everything is so screwed up because of my decision fifty years ago. Nate is angry at Joe. And because I believed Charlotte`s lies, I put Marisa and Adrian through hell. I should leave. I’m just in the way here.” 
I didn’t think it was possible, but I actually felt sorry for the girl that had kept Adrian from his sister. She didn’t mean to cause problems. She was just a pawn in Charlotte’s games. She shouldn’t feel responsible.
I hit mute on the TV and turned to face her. “Sadie, we all make mistakes. I’ve made my share and so have the others. Nate bit me. Adrian didn’t stop Charlotte from kidnapping me and Lauren. And Joe lied to Nate. It was his choice, you didn’t make him.” She dropped the braid and it fell behind her, resting on her back. “If someone told me that a child was in danger, I would have done the same thing you did. That is all on Charlotte. You didn’t know she was an evil bitch.”
Sadie pursed her lips and squeezed her eyes closed. Her body shook with a silent sob. “But if I had just looked into it more. What if they had family out there? I didn’t even look to see if there were grandparents who could have taken her. Living with humans would have been a lot better for her than being with a teenage werewolf that never ages.”
I sighed, feeling a sensation of deja vu. “Okay, I’m going to give you advice that Adrian gave to me six months ago.” I pulled my legs off the table and leaned forward. “As you know, Nate bit me.” When she nodded, I went on. “I was devastated. I couldn’t believe that the man I loved had taken away my humanity without asking me. I knew it was a mistake, but that didn’t matter at the time. I dwelled on the negative. Nate had bit me and I saw nothing else.
“I was miserable without him and he was miserable without me. We were mated and we were in love. But I was stubborn and refused to see anything other than his sharp teeth, piercing my skin.”
Sympathy washed in her chocolate brown eyes. “That is understandable.”
“What you may not know is that Lauren was turned as well, by Charlotte. Her DNA was diluted with a sleeping drug and Lauren had a hard time turning into a wolf. For hours she writhed in pain, turning back and forth.”
Terror for another werewolf flashed over her face. “That sounds awful.”
“It was and if Nate hadn’t bit me the night before, without either of us noticing, I would have suffered through the same torture.” I took in a breath, ready to get to my point. “What I’m trying to say is that Adrian pointed something out to me. Instead of dwelling on the fact that I would have turned into a werewolf, even if Charlotte hadn’t shot me with her DNA, I should focus on the pain that he had saved me from. It didn’t matter what might have happened. It was what actually happened that was important. Nate saved me from the pain and you trusted Charlotte. Plus, you took care of Marisa when Adrian couldn’t.” I winked, leaning forward even more to pat her leg. “And from what I have seen, you did a great job.”
Sadie smiled. “Thank you Megan. I appreciate your advice.”
I had been so wrapped up in my story that I didn’t notice Nate standing in the doorway. He was leaning against the doorjamb with a lopsided grin on his face. His eyes were filled with pride, as well as remorse as he gazed at me. I knew he was happy that I was trying to cheer up his friend. But he hated being reminded of that fateful night six months ago. Even though he was trying to hide it, the look of regret was just the tip of what he felt for that small act of carelessness.
“I guess you heard all that?” I asked when I noticed him.
Sadie swung around in his direction.
“Yes.”
I smiled shyly at him, feeling self-conscious with an audience. I stood up slowly. “I guess I’ll take my turn then.” I wanted a shower to freshen up after the long drive.




Chapter Sixteen
The Secret

We met Adrian and Marisa in the driveway of our cottage so we could all walk together to the main house. “Are we underdressed?” Sadie asked, eyeing Nate and me who had dressed for dinner. I was wearing a purple flowered wrap dress, while he had changed into a navy blue button down shirt and charcoal dress pants. Our guests were more casual, wearing the same outfits they had on this afternoon. Adrian was in jeans and a button-down black shirt. I should have said something to them before, but I didn’t know how to broach the subject. Nate and I were raised in mansions where you were expected to dress up for dinner. I’m sure he was way more agreeable to it than I was, but it was the lifestyle we were raised in. I hated doing it at home, only because of the company at the table. I didn’t mind so much with the Riley’s. We didn’t do it often.
“What you’re wearing is fine,” Nate answered, as he began walking up the driveway, gravel crunching beneath his feet. We could have taken the car, but the weather was so nice we decided to take advantage. The five of us had been cooped up in a vehicle for way too long.
“Are you sure?” Sadie asked turning to me. “Megan?” Her eyes were pleading; she wanted me to be honest.
I blew out a breath, worried my comments would hurt her feelings. “When the Riley’s have us over for dinner, we all usually dress up.” She cringed. “But not over-the-top and they won’t judge you because you didn’t. If we were going to my house to meet my very critical parents, I’d say you should change. But we’re not. Nate’s family are great. They won’t bat an eyelash.” When Sadie still hesitated, I added, “I promise, you’ll be fine.”
She nodded, taking Marisa’s hand for support as they started the trek behind Adrian and Nate.
“Megan, when are we going to look through your closet?” Marisa asked me, her hair fluttering in the breeze. Thankfully the humidity hadn’t returned. It was still a hot July day, but with the soft breeze it was comfortable. The smell of grass and flowers lingered in the air making our walk even more appealing. The clouds on the horizon reflected the bright rays of the sun, making the clouds glow an orangey-yellow color.
“Mari,” Sadie scolded her honorary daughter.
I shook my head and laughed. “It’s okay Sadie.” I glanced at Marisa. “We can go in the morning and afterward head out to get our hair done. The reception doesn’t start until eight o’clock.”
Marisa squealed. “I’m so excited,” she beamed, her whole face lighting up. 
Her enthusiasm was contagious. I found myself feeling excited for an event that I would usually hate. Getting all dolled up and made up for a party my mother was throwing was something I normally dreaded. But doing it with people that didn’t usually have a chance to; I couldn’t wait to share it with them.
We walked the rest of the way with Marisa rambling on about what she was going to wear and how to do her hair. When we approached the main house Adrian stopped and smiled at me. “Thank you,” he said softly.
Knowing that he was referring to Marisa and our upcoming day of beauty, I patted his cheek. “No problem,” I shrugged, dismissing his gratitude. “I can’t wait for tomorrow.”

As we all gathered into the large living room Will called Nate into his office leaving us with Caroline, Nathan, Joe and Lauren.
“So, tell us about your trip.” Lauren suggested, leaning forward in her seat with interest. She was next to Joe on one of the comfortable suede sofas. Her one leg dangled over the other bouncing up and down, her strappy sandal flapping against her foot, making a slapping sound.
I stared at her pointedly, not knowing how to explain when I couldn’t talk about werewolves. “It was a long drive.”
Marisa must have picked up on my problem because she made a face. “And it felt even longer driving in Adrian’s stinky car.”
I snorted out laugher, happy she had come to the rescue. There wasn’t much I could say that didn’t involve us werewolves searching for another werewolf and the sister she took. “Oh, God, that was bad. It smelled like sweat and dirty feet,” I agreed, adding my own take on it.
Everyone except Adrian laughed. “Hey, it wasn’t that bad.”
“Yes it was. By the end of the trip, we were arguing over who was going to drive in Sadie’s car. I lost,” I exclaimed with a laugh.
Sadie grinned and gazed at Adrian, her eyes were alight with amusement and something else that could have been longing. The look was gone just as quickly as it appeared. For some reason the image of her wolf snapping at Adrian’s neck popped in my mind and I shook my head trying to clear the memory. I knew that wasn’t really her and she was reacting to the situation, but it was hard to separate the sweet looking shy girl and the dazed wolf attacking her mate. Pushing those disturbing thoughts away I forced myself to focus on the people around me.
“Will you all be going to Nate and Megan’s reception tomorrow night?” Caroline asked, pouring herself a glass of wine from the decanter that sat on an antique bureau. She had dressed for the occasion in a silk shimmery blouse and flowing skirt. Her hair was upswept into a bun.
“Yes,” Sadie answered nervously. She was smiling, but it was more to be polite. It didn’t reach her eyes and she kept fidgeting with her jean skirt.
I knew that despite my words she felt uncomfortable with what she was wearing. The rest of the family had dressed up like I had expected, with the exception of Joe. His clothes were similar to Adrian’s, dress shirt and jeans. It would take a lot to get him to wear anything fancier than that.
“Yeah, we’re all doing a day of beauty to get ready,” Marisa added, her grin widening.
“You don’t need it,” Nathan whispered. Me, Lauren and Sadie turned to him. I was smiling, but the other two appeared shocked. By the look on Adrian’s face he had heard him as well and he wasn’t happy.
Nathan shifted in his chair uncomfortably. He hadn’t expected anyone to hear him. But he didn’t realize that most of us in the room had heightened hearing.
“Oh that sounds fun,” Caroline exclaimed, oblivious to what had just occurred. “Are you going along with them Lauren?”
She smiled at her mother, resting her hand on Joe’s knee. “Yes, it’ll be fun.”
Caroline glanced at Sadie, her eyes flashed with curiosity. I could tell she wanted to ask her questions, but kept her mouth closed because Nathan was in the room. A silence fell over us. The only sound was the ticking of the grandfather clock in the hall and a bird chirping outside the large windows. We were unsure what to discuss since we were limited in all things werewolf. I was searching for a safe topic and was considering bringing up school with Marisa. But then I realized that we had covered that earlier when we first arrived.
Caroline’s eyes lit up as if she thought of something to say to break through the strained quiet. “Adrian, have you and Marisa settled into the carriage house?”
He nodded. “Yes we have, thank you. I’m going to take her shopping in a few days so she can get some things for her room.”
Caroline turned her focus to Marisa. “You didn’t bring anything with you?”
The conversation was heading into a dangerous territory, I was suddenly nervous.
Mari’s eyes shifted to Adrian and Sadie. “Uh…some, but I don’t have much. Most of my stuff is at our old apartment.”
Nathan perked up at that. “Where did you live?”
“Philadelphia,” Mari answered shortly.
“Then why was Adrian looking for you. I thought that was where he was from?”
All of our faces went white and each of us made some sort of uncomfortable gesture. I dug my healed shoe into the woven throw rug beneath my chair, while Adrian cleared his throat and Sadie stared at the floor.
Thankfully, we didn’t have to answer him. Nate and Will made an appearance. “Is everyone ready to eat?” Will asked.
We all jumped up, eager to drop the subject. “More than you know,” Adrian mumbled under his breath.
I smiled, but stared straight ahead of me, choosing not to acknowledge his words.
When we were all seated, Nate leaned against my shoulder and whispered into my ear, “Will is going to tell Nathan tonight.”
I winced, worried how he would take it. The secret in the family normally involved only Nate, but now it also concerned Lauren and me. Joe wasn’t a member of the family yet, but he most likely would be soon. It was a lot to take in for someone so young. But, I understood that he had to be told. Our earlier conversation was entirely too uncomfortable.
During dinner, Will and Joe discussed the store he was now working at to be close to Lauren and I noticed Nate glaring at his old friend.
I elbowed him. It was my way of telling him to stop. Lauren noticed and smiled at me in appreciation. I got the feeling that Nate’s anger towards her boyfriend was hard on her. The two men that were closest to her were not getting along; it must feel like she was stuck in the middle. 
“Lauren, Nate was telling me that you were going to college. What are you taking?” Sadie asked, noticing Nate’s inappropriate behavior. 
Lauren froze, her fork that held a piece of beef hovering in front of her. “I’m taking business so I can work for the company.”
Sadie smiled. “Oh that sounds great. Do you have any specific department in mind?”
Lauren had taken the bite when Sadie was talking, now she finished chewing before she answered. “I’d like to be a buyer.”
Will stopped speaking and turned to his daughter, surprise was evident on his face. “Since when?”
“I just decided a few weeks ago.”
Nate nodded. “That sounds like a good choice for you.”
Lauren raised her glass and gestured it toward him. “Thank you, Nate.”
“She will do well in anything she chooses,” Joe agreed taking Lauren’s hand and kissing her palm. She smiled shyly, her cheeks flushing red. I smiled at the affection between two of my favorite people.
“Do you feel different now that you’re married, Megan?” Lauren’s mother asked me, taking the conversation away from her daughter. I wondered if she approved of Lauren’s choice.
“No, I feel the same. But it does feel strange to call him my husband.”
Lauren’s face scrunched up. “That would be really weird.” 
The dinner continued with idle chitchat. We couldn’t talk about anything deeper, besides work at the store, which I had to admit was really boring.
Nate insisted we leave as soon as dinner was over. He wanted to let Will talk to Nathan and I also think he needed to get away from Joe. Judging from the scowls he was shooting in his friend’s direction throughout dinner, he wasn’t even close to forgiving him.

Marisa asked Sadie to come over to their house to show her what she had done so far to her room, so we had the cottage to ourselves. After we changed into more comfortable clothes we sprawled out on the couch in front of the TV to watch a movie.
It was almost over when someone pounded on the door. It was Nathan. Nate and I exchanged a worried glance before he got up and opened the door.
Nathan stood on the porch, his blond hair messy as if he had been running his hands roughly through it. He was obviously upset. His face was cold, but his eyes were tortured. “How could you?” he screamed at Nate, his voice echoing into the night.
I got up and stood next to my husband for support. He hated this part of the Riley secret. He was so close to all of the family members, but when they found out who he truly was, he worried that he wouldn’t be accepted. It had happened twice and both times ended badly. His nephew James died with Charlotte and his favorite niece Emma left and never returned. Nate was crushed. She had been so much like his sister; all he wanted was to look out for her. They were finally reunited when I found her. She came to our engagement party and would be at the reception tomorrow.
“How could I what?” Nate asked with his voice laced with concern and sorrow.
“Let my sister become one of you!” Nathan dragged his hand through his hair. “A monster!” he yelled.
Nate flinched at the word. It was what James had called him when he tried to get the other relatives to kill him. It was also what he called himself when he wanted to punish himself.
Nate stepped forward onto the porch. Nathan stepped back. Nate winced and closed his eyes for a brief second. “I’m so sorry Nathan, but I had nothing to do with that.” His voice was soft and soothing, hoping to calm his nephew.
“I know it wasn’t you. But that woman wouldn’t have done it if Lauren didn’t know you.” His voice was filled with anger and pain, but most of all, confusion.
I couldn’t remain silent any longer, Nate didn’t deserve this. “Nathan, I know what you’re going through, but Nate is the same man you’ve always known. He’s a good person.”
His face twisted in anguish. “Of course you’d say that, you’re the same as him. And you’re his wife.” His last words were shaky; he was losing the strength in his voice.
I felt bad for him. His life had just changed drastically in only a few moments. “Come inside and we can talk.”
He hesitated, as fear flashed in his eyes.
“Nathan, you have nothing to fear from us,” Nate assured him.
He only nodded and pushed past us. He was leaning against the wall next to the door when we followed him in. We both took positions across from him on the couch. I wanted to make things better for him, but I didn’t know how. I thought of Marisa and how well she took it. When she talked about Sadie she seemed so grown up. I was surprised by how mature she had been. An idea entered my mind and I excused myself to make a call. 
About five minutes later, there was a knock at the door. Since Nathan was standing in front of it he opened it. Marisa stood on the porch, the moonlight shone on her face showing tiny freckles on her nose. Her black hair almost faded into the night. She was smiling shyly at the boy she hardly knew. “Can we take a walk?” she asked Nathan.
He looked surprised by her question, but instead of answering he only nodded sadly. He turned to Nate, the sorrow still in his eyes before he stepped out onto the porch. 
I closed the door behind them softly and leaned against it. “He’ll be fine Nate.”
He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. “I hope so. Did you call her?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you,” he breathed out in a tired sigh.
Sadie came back shortly after Marisa left and she watched the rest of the movie with us. I had to admit she was fun to have around. When she and Nate got talking about the good old days, I couldn’t help but wish I’d known them back then. It would have been wonderful to start Riley House together. To be part of developing such an important institution must have been amazing. I knew how much I loved helping the residents, it was a feeling I never knew until just before I got together with Nate. I was thankful that we had something so great in common.
Nathan didn’t come back, but Marisa texted me around midnight saying that Nathan was doing better and he planned to talk to Nate in the morning.
We called it a night shortly after. Sadie disappeared into the guestroom, while Nate and I retired to our own.




Chapter Seventeen
Dress-Up

The next morning our group of girls loaded up in my car and we headed to my parent’s house. The mansion was a buzz of activity with workers decorating for the evening. The rooms were decked out with a myriad of lilacs and white roses, my favorite flowers. The smell in the house was breathtaking.
My parents were nowhere to be seen as I ushered my friends into my room. I was tempted to go see Mona, but I was afraid of how she would react. She always got horribly nervous when my parents threw big events. I had learned to stay out of the kitchen when I was around twelve and my normally relaxed and funny Nanny-turned-cook bit my head off just because I had taken a puff pastry off of a tray. Once all the food was prepared she’d turn back to the loving, sarcastic woman I loved.
“Wow,” I heard Marisa exclaim as she entered the room before me. “It’s huge in here.” I grinned at Lauren as we stepped over the threshold. “You have your own bathroom and walk-in closet!” She spun around to face me as we entered; her eyes were bright with excitement. “Why did you move out?”
I was about to answer her when I stopped short. In the center of my room, stood a roller rack filled with dresses and a note taped to the top. Tears sprang to my eyes at the words that were written on it:
Mona told me you were coming today to lend dresses to your friends.
I had Meryl bring in a few new ones to loan for the night.
You girls can pick whatever you like. Have fun!
I’m sorry I ruined your wedding. I want to make it up to you.
By the way, I hope you choose the ivory one.
I have dreamed of seeing you in a wedding dress since you were a baby.
This is close enough. 
Love Mom.
“Wow, what’s gotten into your mom?” Lauren asked, reading the letter over my shoulder. I could feel her breath puffing against my neck since I was wearing it up in a tail.
“I don’t know,” I choked out. “I finally told her how I felt when I got home from Vegas. Maybe she feels guilty.”
“You what?” Lauren practically yelled at me.
I looked up from the note in my hand, turning to face my best friend in confusion. “Why are you yelling?” I asked instead of answering her, not sure what she meant.
“You told your mother how you feel after all these years of taking her shit and you never told me?” Her words were laced with a mixture of hurt and anger.
Sadie and Marisa exchanged glances and moved to the rack to sift through it. 
I furrowed my brows, unsure why she was so upset. “I’m sorry, I forgot. I was busy with the shelter and then Adrian called. I hadn’t spoken to you in a while.”
Her face softened slightly as she gripped my shoulders, her fingers digging into my skin. Her scent wafted into my nostrils.
“Ow,” I said dryly and she loosened her grip.
“So, tell me what happened.”
I sighed, not seeing a way out of this explanation. I pulled out of her grip and fell onto the edge of the bed. “She came to the cottage the day we got back from our honeymoon and threw a hissy fit.” I proceeded to tell her what happened that day and she was as surprised as I had been by my mother’s reaction.
“Do you think she’s changed?” Lauren asked over the noise of clinking hangers and squeals from Marisa.
“Maybe a little. She’s been planning the reception how I wanted with Mona.” When Lauren’s eyebrows rose, I added, “But she called when I was on the road with Adrian and she flipped out again. She said that if I didn’t make it back in time for the reception she’d never speak to me again.”
“It sounds like she wants to change, but doesn’t know how,” Sadie observed. I didn’t think she was paying attention. Marisa had been pulling dress after dress off the rack.
“At least she’s trying,” Lauren commented, her voice warm and comforting.
I looked back down at the paper that I was still grasping in my hand and felt my heart clench. Could she be really reaching out to me just when I will eventually have to leave? I was a werewolf now. I couldn’t stay here forever. I brushed away the traitorous tears from my face, stuffed the note into the pocket of my jean shorts and focused on Marisa. She stood frozen with a hot pink dress held up against her. She was staring at me with concern in her eyes. “I’m fine. Did you find one you like?” I asked, hoping to lighten the heavy mood that had fallen over us.
“How could I pick just one, they’re all so beautiful. I’ve only seen dresses like these on TV.”
Sadie winced at her words as she sat down next to me. I put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed, leaning in to whisper in her ear. “Love and support is better than money and presents. I should know.”
Sadie smiled sadly and mouthed the words ‘thank you’.
“Lauren, how is Nathan doing? He was upset when I sent him off with Marisa,” I asked, hoping I had done the right thing. He was so upset and tormented last night I was afraid for my new family’s dynamic.
Lauren gazed at Mari and smiled, taking a seat in the chair near the windows. “He’s much better after his talk with her. What did you say to him?”
“I just told him my story. And when I explained how much I loved Sadie and wouldn’t let the fact that she wasn’t exactly human effect the way I saw her, he seemed to relax a little. He thanked me and left shortly after.” She shrugged her shoulders dismissing her actions. Sadie’s eyes watered with unshed tears. It was clear how much Marisa’s words had affected her.
“Are we going to pick out dresses or talk about our feelings?” Marisa asked, seeming uncomfortable with the emotions that were flowing around the room.
Taking her cue, I stood up and held out a soft pink dress with a flowered strap and two big flowers adorning the side and skirt. There was also a chiffon train that could be removed. “This looks perfect for you.” I suggested.
Mari touched the soft material. “It is pretty, but I was hoping for something longer, so I could look more grown up.”
Sadie groaned as she joined us. “Don’t rush it honey, just enjoy your life.” She took the dress from me and shoved it at the girl. “Try it on. I think it will look adorable on you.”
Marisa rolled her eyes. “That’s what I’m afraid of.” She took the dress anyway and slipped into my closet. I sat back on the bed and watched my friends shop. It wasn’t exactly my favorite thing to do. However, I did enjoy finding dresses or clothes for others who enjoyed it more, especially if they couldn’t afford them on their own. I loved how girl’s eyes lit up at the shelter when I would bring in clothes that I never wore or had outgrown. It brought me joy to make someone happy with something I no longer wanted.
“Aren’t you going to look for one to wear?” Lauren asked me, holding a light gray beaded maxi dress.
“I will, but I like watching you guys. I’ll just take what’s left.”
She shook her head at me. “She’s not really into clothes,” she explained to Sadie.
“You wouldn’t be either if you were given designer outfits instead of love.”
Lauren held the dress up to her body and looked in the mirror. “True,” she agreed simply.
Sadie stopped her perusal of the dresses and smiled at me. “I’m not into fashion either. I admit that I’m stuck in the sixties. I don’t see the need to fuss over what goes on my body when there is so much more that needs my attention.”
“And when she says she’s stuck in the sixties, that means it’s the last time she went shopping,” Marisa added as she emerged from my closet. The short pink dress looked cute. The color was such a contrast to her midnight black hair, it definitely made a statement.
Sadie stuck her tongue out at Marisa and then grinned. “Oh Mari, you look beautiful.” 
She really did, but when she stood in front of the mirror she frowned. “I look like I’m eight.”
“No you don’t, you look adorable,” Sadie assured her, not knowing that using that word would be the kiss of death for that dress. Fifteen-year-olds wanted to look older. They did not want to be called something that could be used for a two-year-old as well.
“Gah!” Mari cringed at the word, like I knew she would. She reached into the rack and pulled out the hot pink dress she had clung to earlier. She held it behind her so we couldn’t see exactly what it looked like. “I want to wear this one.”
“Hold it up so we can see,” Sadie instructed as she sat down next to me, obviously giving up on looking. 
Marisa shook her head. “No, I’m going to try it on first.” She turned to Lauren. “Are you trying that one on?” she asked when she saw Lauren staring in the mirror holding a rust colored dress.
Lauren nodded. “I think so.”
“Let’s go.” Mari motioned with her head to my closet and they disappeared together to try the dresses in their arms.
I leaned back, my hands stretched out onto the soft, lilac colored duvet that now covered my bed. “Go ahead Sadie, try a few on. That’s why we’re here.”
She scrunched up her face. “I’m kind of out of my element. Before I was turned, I went to parties like this. My family were also lawyers and I was going to be one myself. But that was sixty years ago. There are not a lot of chances to dress up when you’re on the run and I never had jobs that paid enough to spend that much on clothes. I feel bad that I couldn’t afford to buy much of anything for Marisa.”
I sat up and tucked my hair behind my ear. “I’m sure she had all she needed,” I reassured her, reaching out to pat her knee. “You did a good job with her, I can tell. Stop second-guessing yourself.”
She pressed her lips together and ducked her head, her braid falling over her shoulder.
I hopped off the bed, feeling suddenly close to this girl who berated herself so often. The image of the wolf that had bothered me before disappeared. Adrian was right; she responded in the moment, it wasn’t who she truly was. I pulled a purple pleated chiffon gown that had a high neckline. With her skin tone the color would look great. “Here try this on. You’ll blow Adrian away.”
She stood up and took the dress from me, holding it out like it smelled rotten. “I don’t think that’s possible. He still hates me for keeping him from his sister and I don’t blame him.”
I was going to argue, but I knew she was right. “Just because he hasn’t forgiven you, doesn’t mean you can’t torture him. You’re his mate and when he sees you all dolled up, he’ll drool like the wolf he is.”
Sadie grinned, her eyes shining brightly. “Okay.” She took the dress from me just as the girls came out of the closet. 
My mouth dropped open at the sight of Mari.
A low growl rumbled in Sadie’s chest, her eyes narrowed, but thankfully they weren’t yellow. “Not a chance in hell,” she said to Mari who was smiling from ear to ear.
“Whoa, calm down Mama Wolf,” I laughed at Sadie’s response. Sure I agreed with her that Mari would not be wearing that, but no need to growl.
“What?” Mari asked, standing in front of the mirror wearing the hot pink keyhole spaghetti strap dress with a beaded bodice. There was a high ruffled slit that exposed most of her right leg.
“You’re not wearing a dress that shows your stomach and your leg,” Sadie answered her without growling.
Marisa’s face lit up. “Why not? I think it’s sexy.”
“That is exactly why you’re not wearing it.”
I couldn’t help picture Adrian’s face if she walked into the party with that on. I laughed to myself at the image. 
Everyone’s attention shifted to me. “What’s so funny?” Lauren asked.
“I was just imagining Adrian’s reaction if she wore that.”
All the girls except Mari laughed out loud.
“His head would explode and then he’d yell at me for letting her,” Sadie agreed, still holding the dress I had picked out for her.
Marisa pouted and then twirled around the room, the bright pink material billowing out around her.
“Sadie, you go try that on. I’ll find something else for Mari.” Once she disappeared into the closet, I turned to Lauren. “That looks amazing on you.”
She smiled, her face washing with happiness. “Yeah, I like it. I might try on some more though.”
I pulled a royal blue and yellow dress and handed it to Marisa. “Here, take this. I think it’s a good comprise from what both you and Sadie want.”
She gazed longingly in the mirror before taking the garment in my hand. “Fine,” she mumbled.
As she ducked into the closet, Sadie was just leaving wearing the dress. She looked beautiful. The color was perfect. “What do you think?” I asked her.
She smiled widely. “I feel like a little girl playing dress up.” She stood in front of the mirror and twirled around, the skirt of the dress ballooned out around her. “I’m much more comfortable in t-shirts and faded jeans.”
“You look hot,” Lauren observed. “Adrian’s going to have puppies.” 
Sadie gazed at herself and grinned wickedly. “You think he’ll even notice?”
I scoffed at her. “He’d have to be dead not to. But, I’m not sure about the style on you.”
Lauren studied Sadie’s appearance. “You’re right, it does kind of swallow her up.”
I pulled out the only other purple dress and after looking at it, I knew it was the one. “This will look better.”
Marisa rushed out of the closet as Sadie was taking the dress out of my hands. “Oooh, I love it.” She stood in front of the mirror and twirled. The dress was perfect. The top was yellow halter style and the bottom was a beaded royal blue with a yellow ruffle running down the center. There was a slit in this one as well, but since it only went as high as the knee, it showed off the yellow material inside instead of the little bit of leg that was exposed.
“Oh Mari, its perfect,” Sadie said softly, her approval shining in her dark eyes.
Marisa smiled, her whole face lighting up. “Can I use this one?” she asked me.
I nodded. “Of course, it looks like it was made for you.”
Lauren took the light gray one she had in her hand earlier and slipped into the closet with Sadie.
“How is Joe doing, Lauren? Is he upset at Nate?” I asked, knowing she would hear me through the door.
I could hear her loud sigh from the closet. “Yeah, he is. He said he hated that Nate was angry with him and he should have told him a while ago. But he was worried about Sebastian. He’s never met anyone like him and didn’t want to.” She was being cryptic because of Marisa. She knew about us werewolves, but we didn’t think she was ready to know about Vampires. I wasn’t ready to know about them, the idea still creeped me out.
“I don’t blame him,” Sadie said as she emerged from the closet, wearing the purple chiffon dress with a flowered neckline halter.
“Wow, that looks awesome Sadie,” Marisa beamed, still standing in front of the mirror. I wasn’t sure that we’d be able to pull her away from it or get her to take the dress off.
She was right though, the color was the same as the last dress, but the style suited her more. “That’s the one.” I couldn’t wait to see Adrian’s reaction.
Sadie grinned and her face lit up, a nice change from her earlier gloomy expression. “Yeah, I like this one too.”
I nodded. “Well that’s two down.” I moved to the closet and turned the knob. “How about you, Lauren?”
She stepped out wearing the maxi dress and she looked awesome. “What do you think?”
“It looks great, but I think my mother mentioned that she was wearing gray.”
Lauren moved passed me to stand in the mirror.
“I like the rust one better,” Marisa commented, holding her hair up and twisting around in front of the mirror, her long inky tresses hanging over her arms.
Lauren spun on me. “What do you think?”
I considered her appearance and even though she looked great, the rust was better for her sand colored hair. “I agree with Marisa.”
“Okay, the rust one it is.”
“What about you?” Lauren asked me, admiring herself behind Marisa.
I pulled out a black and pink one I had my eye on and slipped into our makeshift change room. When I emerged, Lauren whistled. “Wow, speaking of hot. Nate will fall over his tongue when he sees you in that one.”
I stood in front of the mirror and smiled. It did look good. The halter style top was pink with a beaded belt at the waist and the bottom was black with a high slit, coming up to mid-thigh. It was a dress that belonged on the red carpet and I felt glamorous.
“It does look stunning, but I’d love to see you in the ivory one,” Sadie suggested.
I frowned. “The one my mother wants?” I asked, my eyes wide with surprise.
“Are you going to turn it down just because she wants it? It is a wedding reception after all.”
I narrowed my eyes at Sadie. “Fine Mom, I’ll try it on.”
She laughed softly as I slipped back into the closet with the offending garment in hand. When I came out five minutes later, they all gasped. “That’s it, we’re done,” Lauren gushed.
I smiled at myself in the mirror and was shocked at my reflection. I hated to admit it, but my mother was right. It was perfect.



Chapter Eighteen
Unexpected

After we changed back to our own clothes, Mona stopped by and asked to speak to Lauren.
Although my curiosity was peaked, I was distracted by Marisa’s babbling. She was so excited about the dress she had picked and couldn’t wait for the next part in our day of beauty.
When Lauren returned we made our escape, barely slipping past all the chaos. Marisa bumped into a standing vase filled with bright purple lilacs; the tiny flowers were larger than any I had ever seen. If Sadie didn’t have heightened reflexes, the sparkling crystal would have shattered. Disaster averted, we rushed outside.

Lauren had booked us an appointment at her favorite salon and we were there for hours getting pampered. By the time we finished, we barely had enough time to go back to my parent’s home to get our dresses. In hindsight, we probably should have taken them with us, but we were so excited about the rest of the day we hadn’t thought of that. Cars were already parked in the driveway when we stepped through my patio doors. 
“I told you we didn’t have time for the massages, now we’re going to be late.”
Lauren frowned. “I’m sorry, I got carried away.”
“My mother is going to kill me. We still have to go back to the estate and get dressed.”
Lauren shrugged. “Let’s just get dressed here.”
Her suggestion caught me off guard. “Uh…What about the guys?”
“They have vehicles, they can drive themselves.”
I sat down on the bed and tossed my throw pillow onto my lap, playing with the tassels around it. As I thought her suggestion through I realized she did have a point. There was no way we’d make it home and back on time. But if we did it her way, we could relax. I hated rushing; it always made me anxious. I leaned back on my pillows, keeping my head upright so I wouldn’t wreck my new hairdo. “Fine, we’ll stay.” I paused and glanced at Marisa and Sadie. “If that’s okay with you two?”
Marisa fell on the bed next to me, careful not to mess her curls that took hours to put in. The pillows bounced around me “I’d much rather get ready in your huge bedroom, than my tiny one.” She winced and turned to Lauren. “No offence.”
Lauren only smiled, taking no offence about the carriage house she had nothing to do with. She sat on my burgundy, velvet arm chair and started to lean her head back onto the big cushion…then thought better of it. Her hair was in an intricate up-do, she wouldn’t want to flatten it.
I dug through my bag for my phone and when I found it I texted Nate, giving him our new plan. He responded right away saying that he’d let the guys know what was happening. “Okay, everything is under control with the men.”
“Cool, should we start getting ready?” Marisa asked, her eyes bright with excitement.
Lauren was typing on her own phone. “I just told them to let us know when they get here, we can change then. Our makeup and hair are done; it won’t take long.”
Ten minutes later, Lauren’s phone beeped. She looked down at it and grinned. “It’s time to get ready girls!” 
I sat back and waited until all my friends were dressed before carefully sliding the silky material over my head, making sure not to mess up my hair. The dress was a silk ivory halter with crystals along the collar and bodice, a small train flowed out at the back. My hair was wavy with pieces pulled back in a diamond crusted clip and then falling around my shoulders, tiny white flowers were woven throughout. I gazed at my reflection in the mirror and couldn’t help the smile that pulled at the corners of my mouth.
“You look beautiful,” Lauren gasped, stepping up behind me.
“Thank you,” I said softly, feeling self-conscious about my appearance. 
I stepped into my heels and looked around. “Are we ready?”
They all nodded and headed into the hall ahead of me.
As I was about to follow them my father appeared in the doorway blocking my exit. He was wearing a black tuxedo and his thick brown hair was styled to perfection, not that I’d expect differently. He gazed at me with something that could almost be mistaken as emotion in his eyes.
“Is there something wrong?” I asked him, suddenly feeling anxious as I watched my friends disappear around the corner.
“No, of course not. I just thought I’d escort my daughter to the party. I saw Nate out there and decided to take the chance to get you alone.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Have you been drinking already?”
His lips twitched in an attempt at a smile. “No. Your mother told me what you said to her a few weeks ago and...” He trailed off. I waited for the lecture that was sure to come. The few times I had said something against my mom he would let me have it. I braced myself for the inevitable. “…you were right,” he finally said.
“Whatever,” I mumbled, not in the mood for his usual rant. “Wait. What?” I asked, sure I had heard wrong.
This time he allowed the smile to appear. “I said you were right.”
All I could do was stare at the man that was impersonating my father. I wondered where my real one was. 
“We haven’t been good parents to you and I’d like to try harder. I don’t know how to fix this, but maybe we can figure it out together,” the imposter continued.
I stood in the doorway of my room with my mouth hanging open. “I…uh…what?” was all I could manage. He had caught me off guard. Who was this man and what had he done to my father; the man that barely spoke to me for weeks on end and who thought of me as no more than a burden?
“I’d like a chance at a better relationship, if you’ll let me.” 
Again, he’d shocked me speechless. Since words were not possible, I simply nodded my head.
“Alright then, let’s go.” He held his arm out for me and I threaded mine through it. I could smell his spicy aftershave. It was a scent I had craved as a child wanting the attention of her father, but was always let down. 
The halls were clear as we made our way to the back patio where the party was being held. When we stepped through the glass doors, we entered a different world. Flowers and twinkling lights were everywhere. Dusk had fallen and the tiny lights, along with the moon, created a soft glow. The scent of multiple flowers drifted in the air.
There was a long thin white carpet down the center between two rows of white chairs. The party guests were turned in their seats and watching me and my father as we approached. Nate was standing at the end of the carpet wearing a black tuxedo. His usually tousled blond hair was brushed smoothly, making him handsome in a more mature way. His vivid blue eyes were locked on me. His expression was intense, showing tenderness and love. Reverend Markus was standing next to him, a bible in his hands.
I blinked my eyes, expecting the image before me to disappear, but it didn’t. Everyone was focussed on me. I thought I was walking into a party to celebrate our marriage, but this? No way. The image before me was exactly what I had described when I began to plan my wedding with my mother. But she hadn’t listened and instead planned the exact opposite. 
I spun on my father. “What…?” I whispered, unable to finish the sentence.
“Your mother wanted to give you the wedding you wanted,” he said softly. “We’re just sorry it took us so long.”
My heart warmed and my eyes began to water. 
My father must have sensed my surprise and my inability to move, because he began the walk down the aisle, pulling me along with him. The crowd stood up as guitar music started to play. When I looked in front of me again I saw my mother in the front row. She was standing with her hand clutched above her heart and a huge grin on her beautiful face. Mona was standing next to her, her expression filled with love and happiness. Her eyes went to the woman next to her then back to me and winked. I smiled at her. She had been like a mother to me and I knew that she was happy that my real one was finally trying. I didn’t know what had come over my parents, but I decided that it didn’t matter. Whatever the reason, I just needed to enjoy it for as long as it lasted. As the shock started to wear off, I grinned and moved toward my husband to renew our vows with all of our family and friends present, just like I had always wanted.

Once we said I do, Nate leaned forward and kissed me. I smiled against his lips as the crowd broke into applause. I was beaming with happiness as we turned to face the people we loved the most. I thought I was happy the first time we did this, but it was nothing compared to how I felt now that I could share it with everyone. When we walked down the aisle, the guests threw rose petals. We ducked as a clump was tossed at us, hitting Nate in the side of the head. I turned to see Adrian grinning widely and I knew instantly who had thrown it.
When the guests filed out of their seats they took turns congratulating us. My cheeks hurt with my constant smile. When Lilly, Eddie and Ally approached, Ally whispered in my ear asking who the hottie with the black hair was. Adrian. I had to tell her he was taken and point out that she had a date. She only shrugged as they moved on to the reception. 
It was an hour later that the group had thinned out and moved to the dining room. Finally with a kiss to my husband, I was able to escape to find Mona. I caught up with her in the kitchen. She was coordinating the first course, the salads. “Mona,” I called out through the noisy chaos of the room.
She turned around at the sound of her name and smiled. “You look beautiful,” she mumbled as she wrapped me in her arms. I inhaled her gardenia scent, feeling comforted by the familiarity of it.
She pulled away and brushed a strand of hair out of my eyes. “What did you think? Were you surprised?”
“Surprised doesn’t even cover it. How did this happen? Why did you guys plan a wedding instead of a reception?”
A string of emotions flashed over Mona’s face. “It was all your mother’s idea. The day she came home from your place, she was upset about what you had said to her. But instead of blaming you, which I was afraid she might do, she sat down with me and asked me about you.”
My eyes widened with shock. “Asked what?”
She sat down on a kitchen stool and waved her hand in front of her. “Questions like: have you always felt neglected and unloved and why you felt that I was more of a mother than she was?”
“Are you serious?” I gasped and she nodded. “What did you say?”
She shrugged. “The truth. I told her that after her mother died, you lost your parents as well as your grandmother.” She placed a few salads onto a waitress’s tray before the girl rushed out of the room. “And I told her I didn’t know why she pulled away from you, maybe it was her own grief, but she left you when you needed her most.”
Mona had always been outspoken, but had never spoken her mind like that. I guess the difference was that my mother was finally asking.
“And what she said hurt, but it got me thinking of all the times you reached out to me and I dismissed you,” a soft voice said from behind me.
I spun around to see my mother standing in the kitchen doorway. Her eyes were tortured with uncertainty. She was wearing a soft gray silk dress that hugged her curves, but was elegant instead of sexy. Her platinum hair was down; flowing over her shoulders and diamond teardrops sparkled from her ears. She was the picture-perfect, mother-of-the-bride.
Mona gave me a small smile and glanced at my mother.
Mom stepped up to me, the smell of her perfume hovered in the air around us. “And finally, I thought of my mother and imagined how disappointed she would be by the way we’ve been treating you.” She wrapped me in her arms and I snuggled into her hair. My eyes and throat burned with the threat of tears. I couldn’t remember the last time she hugged me. “I’m so sorry,” she rasped into my ear. 
When she pulled away from me, I gazed at the woman who I had both loved and hated my whole life. “But what about the phone call last week. You yelled at me again.”
She sighed. “I know and I’m sorry. I wanted to surprise you with this wedding so badly. I was hoping it could make up for some of the way we treated you. But when I thought you might not make it, I panicked.” She lifted her hand and brushed her manicured finger against the corner of my eye wiping away a tear. “I’m trying honey, but it’s going to take time. Just be patient with us, alright?”
I nodded wordlessly. “Okay,” I whispered, unable to say more.
She smiled at me, her face alight with… if I didn’t know any better, I’d say love. “Let’s go eat this amazing meal Mona has prepared.” She draped her arm around my shoulder and led me out.
Mona and I shared a look of surprise as I exited the kitchen with my mom. 




Chapter Nineteen
Party

The reception was to be held in a large tent that was situated beside the patio. It was also decorated with twinkling lights, white roses and lilacs. There was a buzz of conversation and the sounds of forks tinkling against china, as the waiters handed out the salads. Our guests were either sitting at their tables eating or standing around talking. There was energy in the air that seemed to be contagious. Giddiness bubbled up inside me at the site of all the people I loved. They had come out to celebrate mine and Nate’s love. My heart swelled at the site.
Nate met my mother and me at the entrance. He reached out for my hand to guide me to our table in front of the crowd. My mother followed and took a seat across from me. Ben was on the other side of my father, with an empty chair next to him, for I assume Mona. My parents had included them as if they were members of the family instead of staff. Again, I was shocked. I felt like I was dreaming and would wake up at any moment. “Did you know?” I whispered to Nate, my eyes washing with unshed tears.
“No, not until I arrived.” He leaned in and kissed me, his scent wrapped around me like a warm hug. “Are you happy?”
I nodded, my throat burning. I took a drink of water, hoping to wash away the tears that threatened again. “I can’t believe it.”
He squeezed my hand and pulled it onto his lap.
The rest of the evening went way too quickly. It was great to have everyone I loved in one place. I got a chance to catch up with my Aunt Brenda and my cousin Sydney. I haven’t seen them since they moved away three years ago.
Emma and her family were there and I couldn’t help but notice Nate spent most of his time with them. She had always been his favorite and since they had reconnected six months ago they hadn’t had a chance to see each other. 
As I was talking to Julia, I glanced around for Sadie. She had expressed interest in the shelter and I wanted them to meet. I found her sitting next to Marisa, who was engrossed in the boy next to her, Nathan. They were huddled together in a conversation and were ignoring Sadie. When I caught her eye, I waved her over. 
She grinned at me, as if she was relieved that someone was including her in the festivities. It must be hard for her to be at an event only knowing a few people and the few that she did know weren’t exactly being friendly. Adrian was a few seats down from her and was ignoring her completely. “Sadie,” I said when she appeared next to me, the scent of ginger following her. “I wanted to introduce you to Julia. She runs the shelter with me.” I turned to my colleague and friend. “Nate hired her to be the new night person.”
Julia’s eyes brightened. “That’s fantastic. Evie’s been staying nights and helping during the day. She’s getting worn out.” 
As Julia updated Sadie on the day-to-day routine of the shelter and of the upcoming Fun Day, I felt someone’s eyes on me. I looked around to see Adrian staring. Although, he wasn’t focussed on me, his gaze was locked on the dark haired girl to my right.
I excused myself and made my way across the tent, weaving around bodies and tables. “Why don’t you ask her to dance?” I asked when I approached him, leaning my hand on the round tabletop.
“Who?” Adrian asked dumbly, his arms folded in front of him.
I rolled my eyes. “Please. You can’t take your eyes off of her.”
He lifted a shoulder dismissively, his face a blank mask. “I don’t know who you’re referring to.”
I rolled my eyes, not falling for his act of ignorance. “Are you ever going to forgive her?”
“Maybe, someday.” He looked into my eyes and held them for a few seconds. “But not today.”
Not fazed at all by his stubbornness, I persisted. “Why don’t you ask her to dance?”
He shot me an annoyed look and shook his head.
I sighed as I took the empty chair next to him. “Adrian, I’ve gotten to know her and she is a good person. She would never have willingly kept Mari from you. And if you really had killed your parents like she thought, she would be a hero for protecting her.”
His face hardened. “Meg, are you really one to give me advice?”
I got his meaning. I had held a grudge as well once upon a time, but it was him that made me see that I was wasting precious time by holding onto anger. “Yes, because I understand why you feel the way you do. But, you told me I was wasting time with what-if’s”
“That’s different.”
Feeling frustrated, I stood up and held my hand out to him. When he took it, I yanked him to a standing position and pushed him forward. “Just go ask her to dance, please.”
He huffed out an exasperated breath. “Fine,” he grumbled before stomping off to the girl he desperately wanted to hate.
I watched as he approached Sadie. His lips were moving, but with the loud music and conversations whirling around I couldn’t hear what was said. 
Sadie smiled and took his hand as he led her to the dance floor.
“Shall we join them?” Nate whispered in my ear. I jumped in surprise at his sudden appearance behind me. 
“Sure,” I whispered as he led me to the dance floor, wrapping me in his arms. I gazed up into his blue eyes feeling more connected to another person than I thought was possible. He truly was the one for me, werewolf mate or not.
“You look beautiful,” he murmured as his eyes locked with mine.
I felt my face flush at his compliment. “Thank you.” I glanced around at our guests then looked back up at him. “Are you having fun?”
He leaned down to nuzzle my neck. “Yes,” he said against my skin. His breath warm on my flesh. “Is it better than our first wedding?’ he asked hesitantly. 
To me our elopement was an escape from my mother, an extremely joyous one, but an escape nonetheless. I would admit it might not have been the right way to handle the situation, but however close my mother and I become after tonight, I would not be admitting that to her. “I hate to say it, but yes.”
He lifted his head and smiled. “I agree. It was the happiest moment of my life and I wanted to share it with my family. I’m so thankful your mother finally came around.”
Emotion tugged at my heart at the mention of my mother. I was still so shocked at the events that happened such a short time ago, it all felt surreal. I was sure I was going to wake up any moment, back at the cottage. “She said she was sorry for everything and they both want to try harder to be better parents.”
Nate leaned his cheek against mine. His smooth skin was warm and tingly. “I’m so happy for you,” he murmured softly.
I pulled away after a few moments. “Do you think it’s too late though?”
A brow lifted over his right eye. “Why would it be?”
“I’m a werewolf now. We’ll have to move away soon so they don’t notice that I won’t age.”
Something dark washed over his face. And since I knew him so well, I imagined it was guilt. He must feel like he was the one responsible for taking me away from my family, just as they finally started to show that they cared. “We’ll deal with that as it comes. Let’s just enjoy it while we can.” His words soothed me. Even though it wasn’t an answer to our predicament, it was all we could do for now.
I nodded, leaning my head on his shoulder. I watched Sadie and Adrian through the crowd of dancers. They both looked stiff and uncomfortable, but I could also tell that their close proximity was affecting them. Right at this moment, I was ecstatic. I was married to a wonderful man and we had shared our love with our family and friends. I felt so giddy I wanted to help others feel the same way. At that moment, I promised myself that I would help Sadie get the guy, whether she wanted him or not.
The feeling didn’t last long though as my gaze shifted around the room. I stopped when I noticed Joe sitting at a table by himself. Lauren was standing close by, speaking to her mother.
His head was slumped down and he was picking at a piece of cake in front of him with his fork. This was not the Joe that I had come to know. He was normally cheerful, the life of the party. He was always taking the chance to tell jokes and make people laugh. “Have you talked to Joe yet?” I asked, as I was spun around. I lost sight of the werewolf in question as Nate turned me around the dance floor, but I knew he hadn’t moved from his seat. 
I felt Nate’s body stiffen under my arms.
“There is nothing to say.”
“So that’s it?” I leaned away from him so I could look into his eyes. “You’re never going to talk to him again?”
His face was hard as he met my gaze. “I’m sure I will at some point, but I can’t forget that he lied to me for fifty years. He saw me grieve for Sadie. She was my best friend. She showed me that not all werewolves were evil. Before her, I had only met Charlotte and Rowan. I was lonely before we met. My only relationships were with my human relatives who could never understand me. She changed that and he helped her leave.”
“But he thought he was protecting you from a vampire.”
He breathed out a loud sigh. “I know and when I told him it was Rowan, he still feared the vampire, now that he knew they existed. But he should have given me the choice.”
I understood his words, it must have been hard to find out that after fifty years the person closest to you had lied about something so huge. But I hated the strain on their friendship. We had been through so much already. I just wanted everyone to be happy.
“Will you just talk to him?” I begged.
Nate stopped moving and lifted my chin with his finger. “I’ll do anything for you.”
I grinned as he leaned in and touched his lips to mine. He made me feel so loved and now after the steps my parents had taken, my heart swelled with it. “Good,” I took his hand when the slow song ended. “Let’s go.”
We walked past Adrian and Sadie as they separated. Adrian nodded rigidly and rushed away. Sadie smiled weakly at me before returning to her seat. I watched her go while Nate led me across the dance floor.
Carolyn was just walking away when we approached Lauren. “Were you surprised?” she squealed.
I winced at the high decibel of her shriek. “Yes, I was surprised. Did you know?”
She nodded, a big grin plastered on her face, a few strands from her up-do coming loose. “Just since this morning, before we left to get our hair done. That’s what Mona wanted to talk to me about.” She tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. “I can’t believe your parents did this? Do you think this new attitude will last?”
I shrugged, a twinge of disappointment tugging at my heart. “I hope so. But if it doesn’t, I’ll be fine. I have a new family now.”
As we were talking Joe and Nate avoided eye contact. Joe was suddenly interested in his cake that he had picked apart and Nate was watching the dancers in the center of the tent.
Lauren sat down next to Joe and leaned her head on his shoulder, the loose sand colored strands stuck to his suit jacket. Even the presence of the girl he loved couldn’t pull his attention from the cake on his plate. 
When I could take the silence no longer I pushed Nate into a chair across from Joe. “Talk,” I mumbled through the side of my mouth. 
“How is work going?” Nate asked Joe robotically, his focus on Joe’s ear more than his face.
Joe looked up, his expression a mixture of surprise and frustration. “Fine,” he answered shortly.
Lauren elbowed him in the ribs. He didn’t even flinch at her not so subtle gesture.
“Um…Nate wanted to thank you for looking out for him,” I explained. Nate’s head spun to face me, shooting me a dirty look.
Joe smirked at his friend and laughed humorlessly. “Oh, I doubt that. He doesn’t give a shite that I was trying to protect him from something we didn’t know existed.” His voice rose above the guitar beat of the song that was playing. “All he can focus on is that I didn’t tell him.”
Nate glared at Joe. “Trying to protect me? I’m a big boy Joe; I can do that myself. You should have told me.” Nate’s voice was cold as ice. My dumb idea had backfired. “Besides, you didn’t have to protect me from Henry did you?”
Joe’s eyes narrowed. “No, I didn’t. But that was only twenty years ago. Besides, I didn’t know about him until later. I was across the country opening a store.”
“And once you found out that I was friendly with a big bad vampire, why didn’t you tell me about Sadie?”
I glanced around making sure that no one was in hearing distance. Thankfully everyone at this table had stepped away. 
Joe closed his eyes and sighed deeply. “Because, it had been so long I didn’t think you would be able to find her. And I was afraid of the way you would react.”
Nate’s eyes glowed yellow in the dimly lit tent. “You didn’t tell me because you were afraid I’d be mad at you?” He pushed his chair back. “When did we turn into teenaged girls?”
I snorted a laugh at his remark and was rewarded with the stink eye, the second dirty look in less than ten minutes. That was a record for us.
“Nate,” Joe began, his voice strained. 
Nate stood up, his eyes turning back to their natural blue. “No. I’m done talking.” He stood and walked away without looking back. I watched him make his way to Will who was speaking to Emma.
I smiled apologetically at my friends from across the table. “I’m sorry, guys.” I stood up on shaky legs. “He’ll get over it.”
Lauren patted Joe’s hand, but before she could speak, Joe cut her off. “I’m fine, t’is not necessary to make me feel better. We’ve been friends for a long time. I’ve been pissed at him before and he’s gone months without returning my calls. I won’t be needing your advice. I know t’will be fine.” Despite his deeply accented words, his voice was hard and his eyes held a hint of uncertainty.
I squeezed my lips together and raised my brows. What could I say to that? “Okay…well, I’ll see you guys later. I want to go and see how Sadie’s dance went with Adrian.

Sadie was sitting alone again. Marisa was dancing with Nathan and Sadie was watching them with a dreamy look on her face. “So?” I asked when I took the empty chair next to her.
“So, what?”
I tilted my head and narrowed my eyes.
She laughed. “Couldn’t you see?” She sat up straight and turned in her chair. “It was awkward as hell.”
“It did look that way, between the steamy looks you both were hiding.”
“Oh, come on.”
I leaned in close to her. “You can’t tell me that being close to him wasn’t affecting you.”
She pursed her lips and sunk in her chair. “Fine, there is an attraction, but it’s only our wolf side coming through. He won’t even look me in the eyes.” 
I grinned. “Oh, he will. Just be patient.”
She shrugged. “Yeah, but I’m not even sure I want that.”
Instead of answering I grabbed her hand and pulled her up. There was a good song playing and I was done with my friend’s drama. It was time to let loose and enjoy my reception.




Chapter Twenty
Full Moon

Over the next week I talked to my parents more than I ever had. My mother called a couple times just to see how I was doing and to ask me to lunch and when we went, it wasn’t terrible. My father called and asked if Nate would like to go golfing with him and his friends. To my surprise, Nate accepted and said that he had a good time. I didn’t entirely believe him, but it was great that he was trying. 
Nathan took Marisa out to a movie where he introduced her to some friends, so when she started school in the fall she would know some people. 
Adrian joined the crew to finish the addition at the shelter and Sadie had taken over nights for Evie. This gave Evie a chance to run the Career Managing program. Since Sadie was spending the nights at the shelter and the cottage would be empty during the days, we asked her if she would like to prolong her stay. I admit, my reason for that was to give Adrian a chance to forgive her so she could move in with him and Marisa eventually.
Four days before the full moon I brought home Chinese food. I had had a long day at the shelter and Nate was supposed to be working late. So I was surprised to see his car in the driveway when I pulled up.
“When did that happen?” Nate asked into the phone, when I let myself into the cottage. I hung up my purse and set the take-out bags on the coffee table; the smell of grease and sweet and sour sauce filled the tiny cottage.
Nate looked up at me from where he sat on the couch and mouthed the word ‘hi’.
“Did you call the authorities? I hope you didn’t handle it yourself.” There was a pause and then his face paled. “Of course, I know that. I’m sorry Henry.”
The blood in my veins went cold as I spun around to face him. He was talking to a vampire. 
“No, I understand…That’s what we both want.” He paused again as the vampire spoke. For some reason I couldn’t hear his words, which was odd considering my heightened hearing. “Actually, Henry, that’s why I’m calling, I know your kind value their privacy, but I was wondering if you knew a man named Sebastian.” Again, there was silence. “Well, I’m looking for a werewolf named Isaiah King and I have reason to believe that this Sebastian can help me find him.”
Nate rubbed his hand against the arm of the couch. “I’m not sure. I found his name in Charlotte’s coat when we killed her….Yes, I think so.”
More words were said that I couldn’t hear. “Great, thank you. I appreciate that.” He ended the call and laid the phone onto the coffee table in front of him.
“That was the vampire?” I whispered the words. I was too afraid to say them any louder.
He eyed me apprehensively. “Yes.”
“Is that wise?” I gulped the fear that was bubbling up inside me. The idea of those creatures being real really freaked me out. I knew that werewolves were myths from horror stories and not supposed to exist either, but vampires sounded so much worse. They drank blood and killed people. Werewolves didn’t have to kill to live. We could survive on normal food; but vampires couldn’t. The idea of drinking blood made my stomach roll. Unfortunately, my wolf wasn’t quite as disgusted.
He stood up, stepping toward me. “We have nothing to fear from Henry.”
Doubts crept into my mind. I wanted to support him in anything he did, but I wasn’t sure about this. I was deep in thought, chewing on my lip when I felt his finger touch my chin. He lifted it up so we could make eye contact. “What’s wrong?” he asked me softly.
I pulled away from him and wandered over to the window, gazing out to the lake that surrounded us, the sun’s reflection shimmered on the water. “I know that you want to find this man. But I’m not sure it’s a good idea to get involved with vampires.”
“Don’t worry, Henry is a good man.”
The sun dipped in the sky turning it and the clouds pink. I spun away from the view to face him. “Good Man? It sounded like he was scolding you.”
Nate lowered his head. “He was. I was worried he had hurt a man that had come to the shelter wanting to take his wife back.” He stuffed his hand in the pocket of his dress pants. He had yet to change out of his work clothes. “Since he is the only vampire I know, I can’t say what they are all like, but Henry is very old. He was a royal in the seventeen hundreds. So when someone questions him, he doesn’t like it. But I think that is the royal thing more than what he is.”
That made me feel a little better, but I was still anxious. I was afraid that he would eventually regret his actions. We were just now living a happy drama free life and I wanted to keep it that way. I couldn’t help but feel that something bad was going to happen if he pursued this. Although, it was probably more about our past experiences, more than a premonition.
“What did he say? Did he know Sebastian?”
“No, but he said that he would ask around and let me know.”
When I only stared at him hesitantly he closed the gap between us, cupping my face in his hands. “Don’t worry. Everything will be fine. I just need to find out what this means.”
I really didn’t feel any better, but I couldn’t help but melt into his touch. He said everything would be fine, so I just had to trust him. For now I would ignore the feeling of dread that lingered inside me and enjoy my time with my new husband.

“Are we doing this or what?” Lauren asked as she and Joe walked toward us on the night of the full moon. They were living in the guesthouse at the back of the property, now that Lauren had finished the school year and Joe had taken a leave at the store. Will was not happy about their living arrangements but Lauren didn’t give him much of a choice. Once she found out that Joe’s old house was taken, she unpacked their belongings and refused to leave. 
Nate, Sadie and I were on the porch waiting for the rest of our pack to begin our run. Sadie was home for the night. I had asked Evie to take her place, saying that she was sick. We were just waiting on Adrian.
It was still dusk. The moon was out, but it was just a dull white circle in the charcoal colored sky. “Where’s Adrian?” Joe asked, taking a seat on the porch step at my feet. His shoes thumped onto the wooden steps.
“He’s dropping Marisa off at the main house.”
“When did he leave?” Lauren asked. “I didn’t see him when we passed the house.”
“An hour ago,” I answered, leaning back, my hands resting on the wooden planks behind me, a thin layer of dirt stuck to my palms.
Lauren and Joe exchanged confused glances. 
I smiled at their reaction. The main house was a five-minute walk from here. They must be wondering why Adrian would take an hour just to drop his sister off.
“He’s a little reluctant to leave her with your brother.” Sadie explained, her expression told me that she agreed with her mate. “He’s worried about teenage hormones.”
Laurens eyes widened. “Aw, I get it. And Eww, that’s my brother.”
I laughed at my friend, who sat on the step next to her boyfriend. “Has he said anything about her?”
Lauren raised a brow. “Am I in high school?”
I shot her a knowing glance. She wasn’t fooling me. If there was something going on, she’d know or have at least asked him. 
She grinned and leaned forward. “I think he likes her, but he’s not talking.” Her smile faded. “He’s still a little leery of me.”
Her words that started out light, turned heavy. I knew this must be hard on her. When we were first turned into werewolves, she didn’t tell her father and wouldn’t have if he didn’t find out. She worried that it would change how her parents felt about her, but thankfully it didn’t. They both were upset that it happened, but never thought ill of her for what she had become.
But Will and Caroline had known that werewolves existed, so it was easier for them to take. Nathan was in the dark about everything. It would be odd if he didn’t have misgivings about the fact that six werewolves lived on his property. Who wouldn’t be?
“Why are you guys just standing around? It’s a full moon isn’t it?” Adrian called out as he appeared around the corner of the house.
“Is everything all right with Mari?” I asked, getting to my feet and brushing the dirt from my hands.
His face paled. “Yeah, I’m not happy that she’s getting so close to your brother though,” he said nodding in Lauren’s direction.
Nate stood up and held his hand out for me. “He’s a good kid, Adrian. I promise she’s in good hands.” I laced my fingers through Nate’s as I stood next to him, the rest of the group followed suit. “So what do we want for supper?” Nate asked as we all headed toward the trees.
Sadie turned to face him, her brows furrowed. “What do you mean, aren’t we going hunting. With this many people we could probably bring down a buck?”
Nate grinned, Adrian snorted and even Joe made a sound that was a cross between a snort and a laugh.
Sadie glanced around our group her lips turned up, questions evident in her eyes. “What did I say that was funny?” 
Lauren stepped up to me and slung an arm around my shoulder. “Megan isn’t exactly what you’d call a hunter.”
Again there were chuckles in our group. I shot Nate a look and his grin vanished.
Confusion shone in Sadie eyes. “What do you mean? She’s a wolf?”
“Meg’s more of a vegetarian wolf,” Adrian explained with a laugh.
“I’ve seen her eat meat.”
I decided that it was time to speak up. Did they know I was here? “I don’t like to kill animals.”
“But if you don’t, you could hurt someone.”
Again laughter followed her words. I scowled at them all, just a little annoyed with being the joke of the pack. So, I didn’t like to hunt. I was a wolf sometimes, but my mind was always human.
Nate reached out and patted Sadie’s shoulder with his free hand. “Don’t worry about Megan. She can’t even kill a bunny; she could never harm a human.”
Sadie opened her mouth to protest, but Nate lifted his hand to stop her. “I took her hunting a couple of months ago, because like you I was concerned she would go for humans if she didn’t hunt animals.” He paused and gazed at me, his eyes full of love and admiration. “I pushed her into it and she only agreed because I forced her. I thought her instincts had kicked in, she took a deer down. But when she saw the blood on its neck she panicked and ran away. And if the blood of an animal freaked her out, I doubt she could handle human blood.”
My friends laughed again, but Sadie gaped at me. The only way I could interpret her expression was… envy. 
The sun sunk lower in the sky and my skin began to tingle.
“Enough talk. Let’s go!” Adrian called. He was ahead of the group and already peeling his clothes off.
“If you guys want to hunt after we run for a while, I’ll head in and order the pizza.” I suggested, ignoring Adrian’s words.
Adrian gave me a mocking smile. No doubt remembering when we used to run together and the first time he noticed my lack of interest in killing animals. He thought it was funny then as well. “I’m always up for pizza.”
“It will be a perfect meal after our hunt,” Joe agreed. 
“I can go with you if you want.” Nate suggested softly, squeezing my hand.
I shook my head as we approached the edge of the trees and reached up to touch his cheek. The stubble on his skin tickled my fingers. “No, I’ll be fine. You go and have fun with your friends.”
He chuckled, a soft rumbling sound deep in his chest. “I love you.”
Instead of answering I kissed him gently on the lips. “Are you ready?” I asked when I drew back.
He nodded, took my hand and pulled me into the cover of a group of cedar bushes. I could see that Joe had done the same with Lauren. That left Sadie and Adrian. I’d have to ask them what happened later. They couldn’t fight the pull of the wolf forever, especially in the heat of the change. I might hate the pain of turning into an animal, but it didn’t change the fact that there was an excitement that the moon’s glow brought on and Adrian wouldn’t be able to push her away in the throes of the change. She was his mate and as a wolf he wouldn’t care that she kept him from his sister. As a wolf, all he would see and feel is the connection between them. 
Now that we would all be running together, it should make for an interesting night. 
“I can’t change in front of you,” I gasped, as Nate yanked off his blue V neck.
He froze, the arm of his shirt still hanging off his hand. “Why not?” His brow rose and the corner of his lips curled. “We’re married. I’ve seen you before without your clothes.”
My cheeks heated. “I’m not talking about that. I don’t want you to see me changing into a wolf.”
He scoffed. “Meg, it’s nothing to be ashamed of. I’ll be doing the same thing.”
“And I don’t want to see your bones bend and shift any more than I want you to see mine.”
He sighed. “Alright, I’ll go behind this tree.” He winked at me before disappearing behind the cedar bush.
I couldn’t help the grin that spread across my face as he tossed the shirt on the ground. The glow from the moon shone on his muscular tanned back.




Chapter Twenty-One
Uninvited

Once Nate and I were in our wolf forms we emerged from the cover of the trees. Lauren and Joe were horsing around, knocking each other to the ground. Their growls echoed into the night sky, but instead of a menacing sound they were the equivalent of playful laughter.
Sadie sat on her haunches near a fallen down oak. Her coat was the chestnut brown I remembered from that sunny afternoon when she attacked Adrian. The image no longer bothered me. Now that I knew her better, I realized that she would never have killed him. She was too good of a person.
Nate took a few steps into the center of our group and sniffed the air. Was he sniffing for prey? I thought that we would run before they started their hunt.
When I didn’t see Adrian, I trotted to Sadie and sat down next to her to wait. What was taking him so long? He had been a werewolf for ten years; he should be faster with the transition.
The wind picked up pushing a gust of air around us, scattering the leaves and grass at our feet. Glancing around, I caught the sight of yellow glowing in the bushes. Adrian was crouched in a thicket, staring at Sadie. 
As if she could feel the heat of his gaze, she looked up. Their eyes were locked for a few seconds before he bolted out of the thicket and rushed toward us. I took a few steps away from them to give them a semblance of privacy. I had hoped that he would finally give into his nature and allow him to accept her as a mate, but all he did was continue his penetrating stare. His yellow eyes were glazed and intense. His nostrils flared as he sniffed her scent.
She stepped back, bending her head, her ears flat, a sign of submission.
I could smell his desire to show affection. His wolf was taking over, just as I had thought it would. But his human brain must have won the war that was most likely waging in his brain. He huffed out a breath through his nose and took off down the well-worn trail, his paws kicking up dirt as he went.
Sadie lifted her head slowly, her eyes pointed to the grass covered ground. I couldn’t help but feel sorry for her. He had rejected her in his pure form in front of all of us. I leaned forward and bumped my head against hers. A small grumble came from her chest, which I took to mean “thank you”.
Nate growled at us and nodded in the direction that Adrian had headed. Joe and Lauren stood up and let Nate take the lead. We all followed at a steady pace behind him. 
At first we kept the pace, running as a group until Joe and Lauren veered off a side trail, nipping and howling as they went. I pushed my limbs harder to catch up to Nate, but couldn’t keep up. As we rounded a bend a blur of black fur dove out from behind a patch of juniper and pounced on Sadie. She snarled and bucked, launching her attacker to the ground.
I skidded to a stop and spun around with the intent to defend my friend. But I had nothing to fear, it was Adrian and Sadie had pinned him to the ground. I stood for a few moments and watched as Adrian struggled to get free, but Sadie was older and obviously stronger, unless Adrian’s fight was all for show. I felt a nip on my neck and turned to see Nate, his tan colored fur ruffling in the wind. He latched on to my coat and started to yank me along. When I dug my feet in the ground confused by his behaviour, he grunted and gestured to Adrian and Sadie. Realization dawned when I saw Adrian rub at Sadie’s muzzle with his own. I smiled, happy that he was finally coming around, but also worried that it wouldn’t last through the change.
I allowed Nate to lead me away and down the trail to the stream. 
We hadn’t run for long, but the change had always taken a lot out of me and I was thirsty. Finally, after drinking my fill, I started sniffing along the edge of the stream. It was more habit than actually looking for anything. I smelled a few bunnies, squirrels and even a fox. There was an urge to hunt them in the back of my mind, but the human side of my brain quickly quashed that idea and continued with my task. I could sense Nate behind me and I could feel his fur rub against mine. He nudged me, encouraging me to move on, to continue our run, but for some reason I wasn’t in the mood. There was plenty of time left for that. As I followed a scent to a thicket of thorns Nate pounced on me, shoving me to the ground. His laughing bark only ticked me off. I bucked up trying to knock him off, but he dug his claws into the loose skin of my neck and held on. I swung my paw, knocking him off his feet, until he finally let go of my neck and I took off running.
He was right on my heels. 
I was headed to the creek and right before I got to the embankment I veered left. He didn’t expect my sudden move and hurled to the edge, teetering on the rocks. I came up next to him and shoved. He fell headfirst into the water. It was now my turn to bark out a laugh. 
His head popped out of the clear water, his fur clinging to his body. Breath puffed out of his mouth as he swam to the edge where he reached up with his paw, but I swivelled to the side, avoiding him. After a few more attempts to get me in there with him, he gave up and climbed out. I was sitting on my haunches watching, feeling smug for what I had done.
He was licking his fur, when I turned at the sound of a twig snapping. When I looked back, Nate was gone. I spun around to search for him and felt a wet, large mass land on top of me. And then it was gone, crashing through the brush. I scrambled up and started my chase. He was too far ahead for me to see, but I’d be able to smell him anywhere. His scent was embedded in my brain. He was my wolf mate for life. 
After our run, we went back to the stream for another drink and then fell asleep cuddled up against one another.

When I woke up, the moon was lower in the sky and we were no longer alone. Joe and Lauren were sleeping next to us, their bodies curled together. Adrian lay on my other side, hovering over a sleeping Sadie. His eyes were glazed as he stared at her motionless form. 
I grunted and lifted my head, trying to let him know I was awake.
He must have heard me, because he scrambled away from her as if he had been caught peeking in a window.
I moved toward him and lifted my paw, resting it on his furry shoulder, careful not to dig my claws in. His gaze didn’t meet mine. He was struggling with his decision about Sadie and I desperately wanted to help. His human mind was at war with his wolf instincts, like mine was about hunting. But he didn’t need to fight with himself. Sadie was a great girl and I wished he would just give in.
Sadie groaned and sat up. When she saw us hovering over her, she ducked her head. She must have realized what was happening, because she peeked at Adrian and then moved to nudge Nate. 
When the rest of our group woke up, they were ready to hunt. Nate and Joe sniffed the air for a few moments and then their heads pivoted to the north. Both of their eyes glazed with hunger…they had found their prey. 
It was good to see them working together for the first time since we returned with Sadie. Unfortunately, I knew it would end when Nate turned back to his human form. I stepped forward and rubbed his head with mine. He nipped my skin softly with his teeth, his wolf equivalent of a good-bye kiss. I returned the gesture and then grunted to the rest of the group before taking off in a run toward my clothes. I could hear their feet pound against the hard ground as they rushed off in search of their prey.
Once I was alone I slowed down, enjoying the run by myself, the wind in my fur and the power in my limbs. I had never been alone as a wolf, besides the night I first turned. It wasn’t a night I liked to remember. Lauren and I had been kidnapped and had no idea that the werewolf DNA had been injected into our bodies. When the full moon came out, it turned us into wolves. We didn’t understand what was happening. Lauren was writhing on the floor of the cabin in pain and I had just exploded into a different species. The change itself was excruciating and once it was over, I was confused and in shock.
But now, seven months later, I was much more comfortable with what I had become. Adrian had helped me accept what I could not change and once I let Nate back into my life he made it his mission to make me love, or at least tolerate, my new life. He encouraged me to change often, with ideas of runs to different places. One afternoon, a few months ago, we ran all the way to Watertown. I hadn’t known it, but Nate had gone in his car the day before and stashed some clothes under a park bench. When we turned back to humans and got dressed, we went to lunch. He was always trying to make this new life appear more fun. He must have been desperate to keep me happy, since I hadn’t taken to my new life that well. I was depressed and I refused to see him after I found out he had bitten me.
I was so lost in my thoughts of Nate and the past that I almost didn’t hear the rustling in the bushes ahead of me.
I slowed to a stop. The noise could have been anything; the wind, a small animal or just my imagination. But, when I took in a deep breath my hackles rose with the need to protect my pack. There were humans nearby and they didn’t belong here. This was private property—our property. No one should be here on a full moon. Humans did not belong around werewolves when they were in their wolf form. They were too fragile, their skin too soft, their blood and heartbeat too much of a temptation for some wolves. They were also a threat to us if we were discovered. If the wrong person learned of our existence, it could risk all of our lives. There was only one thing to do…I had to get rid of them. 
When the air shifted, I caught the scent full on. It was a male and a female. They were in danger here and I was going to teach them a lesson.
I crept over the trail, being careful not to make too much noise, keeping to the dirt path as much as possible. As I approached a large bolder I hunkered down behind it, hiding myself from view. The humans were walking slowly along the trail, talking quietly, as if we wolves wouldn’t be able to hear their whispers. I waited until they were right in front of the rock before I dove out in front of them.
They both jumped back. Fear and surprise flashed over their faces. I stalked toward them slowly baring my teeth and growling lowly. “Is that…” Nathan asked the girl next to him. 
Mari gulped and stepped closer to her friend. “I don’t know. It could be a real wolf, I can’t tell.” The fear in both their voices was audible and I repressed the urge to laugh.
Again, I took a step closer, my growls echoing in the forest around us. 
They responded, by moving backwards slowly as if they were afraid to make any sudden movements. When the smell of their fear started to pique the interest of the wolf, kicking on the instinct to chase, I decided my little game was over. It was time to let them out of their misery. And how would I do that? I pounced of course; landing on Nathan and taking him down to the dirt path below us. Mari started to scream, a spine tingling shriek that echoed in the forest around us. And again, I wanted to chuckle. I was having so much fun. 
I hovered above Nathan, baring my fangs, my paws digging into the ground on either side of his head. His vivid blue eyes, that were so like the man I loved, were wide with terror. It was obviously time to put him out of his misery. I growled once more before bending down and licking his face.
He froze, unsure if I was being playful or getting a taste of my meal. 
Mari’s screaming ceased as she also froze, staring at me, a mix of fear and confusion flashing in her eyes. 
I licked his cheek again, tasting the salt from his skin and seasoning that tasted a lot like nacho cheese. Then I sat up and huffed out a breath, hanging my tongue out to the side.
“Oh my God, it’s Megan,” Mari exclaimed, in a sigh of relief.
I stepped away from them to allow Nathan to sit up. He positioned one leg up, as he leaned on his knee. He eyed me wearily. “How do you know?” he asked Mari, but left his eyes on me.
“The fur is the same color as her hair. And I doubt a real wolf would lick you.”
Since I couldn’t add to their conversation, I decided it was time to change back to my true form. As I took a step away from them, the sound of a low masculine laugh echoed into the night. It bounced off the wind; floating in the air like thunder…It almost seemed to shake the earth beneath us. And then…it was gone. A blanket of darkness had settled over the night as I was sleeping next to the stream. As a wolf, the night had never bothered me before, but for some reason, after that sound that I thought I heard; I felt uneasiness flow over me. I took a moment to listen carefully and when I only heard branches rustling in the distance and the hoot of an owl, I relaxed. I shook myself, dismissing the sound for animal. Despite my need for normalcy, I couldn’t explain why all the fur on my body was standing on end.
“Is everything okay, Meg?” Marisa asked hesitantly.
I turned my focus on her with the intention on answering her and then realized that I couldn’t, not in this form anyway. I rushed away to make the change. 

When my body had made the transformation I took a moment to catch my breath. The pain was something I would never get used to. I panted for a few moments while I lay naked on the cold grass. My left heel was digging into a patch of thistles, but I couldn’t summon enough energy to care. As Marisa and Nathan’s voices came closer, I decided my time of rest was over. I had no interest in them finding me sans clothing. 
Once I was dressed in my cotton top and shorts, I emerged through the trees and met them on the path. They were staring at me, shock and awe clouding their faces. “You guys want some pizza?” I asked, as if I hadn’t just been a wolf and had scared the daylights out of them. “I was just heading to the cottage to order some.”
Instead of answering, they simply nodded and fell in step next to me.
The rest of the walk home was quiet, but I could see the two of them exchanging curious glances out of the corner of my eyes.




Chapter Twenty-Two
Game Night

“Where is everyone else?” Marisa asked as we stepped through the door of the cottage, breaking the awkward silence that had fallen upon us since we started our journey.
“Hunting,” I answered, as I picked up the portable phone and hit speed dial four.
While I ordered the pizzas Marisa sat down on the couch and Nathan perched on the arm of the chair next to the door. He was close enough to the exit in case he needed to escape.
“Why aren’t you with them?” Nathan asked when I hung up the phone after ordering.
He watched me as I went to the fridge and pulled out three water bottles. He was still watching me when I wandered back into the living room and tossed them each a bottle. I twisted the top off of mine, took a swig and then I answered. “Because I don’t enjoy eating raw meat.”
“But wouldn’t that be instinct when you’re a wolf?” Mari asked, the bottle still unopened in her hand.
I shrugged as I fell onto the plush chair opposite her, the cushion puffing out air around me. “It is, but my mind doesn’t like the idea of crunching bones and fur in my teeth.”
Mari winced and Nathan looked disgusted. A twinge of guilt twisted in my stomach. I shouldn’t have been so blunt when he was still getting used to the idea that some of his family members were werewolves. 
“I’m sorry Nathan,” I said sincerely, as I twisted the cap back on my bottle and sat it onto the coffee table in front of me. 
He lifted a shoulder dismissively and slid into the chair, his legs resting on the arm, his feet dangling in the air. His bottle was forgotten, wedged between the chair’s frame and the cushion. 
“How are you doing with everything?” I asked, my voice edged with concern. “I know when I first found out about werewolves, I was upset, and that was just about Nate.”
Again, he lifted his shoulder, but this time he shoved his hand through his light blond hair. He was obviously still struggling with everything.
“But for me,” I went on, my voice as soothing as possible. “It was more that Nate had lied to me for so long. I was angry that he didn’t trust me.”
Nathan turned to face me; his lip twitched as if he wanted to speak, but changed his mind.
Mari was watching me from where she sat; her eyes were warm with agreement.
“Don’t get me wrong,” I continued with my conversation that had turned into a monologue. “The whole wolf thing freaked me out. But, when I realized that Nate was the same person I fell in love with, I finally got over it. As I’m sure you realize that Lauren and Nate are still your family, who just happen to grow fur once in a while.”
Nathan sighed heavily, his head falling back against the chair, his pale hair a contrast to the navy blue cushion. “I know what you’re saying,” he began, finally finding his voice. “But it’s hard to contemplate when you were just covered in fur and attacking me.” 
I laughed and Mari giggled.
Nathan shot her a look that made her freeze, her dark eyes wide with uncertainty.
I fought the grin that just wouldn’t leave my face. “I’m sorry I scared you,” I giggled slightly. “But it was funny.”
He narrowed his eyes at me and scoffed. 
“It was funny,” Mari interrupted, as Nathan was about to speak. “You should have seen your face when she knocked you down.” She started to chuckle, an endearing sound that was contagious.
I couldn’t help the laugh that slipped out. “And when I licked his face,” I gasped through my giggles, which made Mari’s chuckle turn into full on laughter.
Nathan’s lips began to turn up almost against his will. Finally he chuckled softly, his eyes lighting with amusement. “Whatever,” he grumbled with a grin. “But I’m not the only one that was scared.”
Marisa’s laughter ceased, her face going blank. “What do you mean?”
“Who was it that screamed their freaking head off?”
I laughed even harder and pointed at her, a lock of hair falling into my eyes. I pushed it out as the laughter heightened.
She lowered her head with a small smile. “Well, it’s not every day that a wolf comes after you. And we weren’t sure if it was a real wolf or not.”
“Why did you do that anyway?” Nathan asked me, all laugher dissipating, his voice edged with apprehension.
“Because, I wanted to scare you.” When they both opened their mouths to protest, I lifted my hand to silence them. “For two reasons. One, because it was funny.” I grinned at them and added a wink. “The second was because you shouldn’t be lurking in the woods when we are in our wolf forms. It’s not safe.”
Fear marred both of their features. “You guys would never hurt us?” Marisa whispered breathlessly.
“Of course we wouldn’t,” I reassured her. “But like you said, most werewolves let their instincts take over. None of us would ever want to put you guys at risk, so just to be on the safe side, stay inside on full moon nights.” As if on cue; a howl rang out from miles off, followed by the answering calls of the rest of my pack. I was guessing they had taken down their prey.
When Nathan and Marisa’s faces went pale, I felt the need to make them feel better. “It’s just a precaution. I promise none of us would hurt you, but we just don’t want to take the chance that it might happen. We would never risk the people we love.”
They both nodded robotically as the doorbell rang. It was the pizzas. I could smell them and the deliveryman through the door. 
Once I paid the guy and handed my guests a couple of slices, I finally dug in. I was famished. As I had been told so many times by both Nate and Adrian, turning into a werewolf takes a lot out of your body and you need food to replenish. I was fine with that. It was just the type of food that my friends and I disagreed on. I preferred my meat heated up and preferably without the fur. But hey, that was just me. I obviously wasn’t the norm, since I was the only werewolf here.
I clicked on a movie we could watch while we ate and before long Nathan was smiling and laughing at Marisa’s impression of the main character. It wasn’t until he finished his fourth piece that his smile faded. “Meg,” he began, his tone of voice heavy with curiosity. 
I lifted my head, a large bite of cheese and dough stuffed in my mouth. “Mmm?” Was all I could manage.
“How did you take it when you found out Nate turned you into a werewolf? I heard that you thought it was Charlotte at first.”
I swallowed the food and placed my empty plate onto the table. “I will admit, I didn’t take it well. It was a while before I was able to forgive him.” I paused, thinking back to the dark time when I was shut up in my old bedroom at home in denial. “But, I think my reaction was partly due to the change. Becoming a werewolf wreaks havoc on your emotions. With some, they have to try to control the urge to kill. With Lauren, she focused on other people’s problems rather than her own. And with me, I guess I just chose to ignore the issue. In my delusional mind, if I focused on what wasn’t important, like how I was turned, I wouldn’t have to deal with what I had become.”
Marisa made a small sound of comfort, but Nathan’s face was thoughtful. He was thinking my answers through. I could almost see the wheels turning. He opened his mouth to speak again, but was interrupted by the door. It flung open and all of my pack filed in, their faces glowing. The run and hunt must have been invigorating.
I knew that, for me, once I got over the pain of the change, I always felt rejuvenated afterward. 
“Yum dessert,” Adrian said as he picked up a large slice of pizza with everything on it. He turned to Marisa, as he chewed. “What are you guys doing here?”
Both teens shifted uncomfortably in their seats. My fellow werewolves must not have noticed the scent of human and didn’t know how close these two were to danger. Since I had already given them a warning, I saw no need to expose their secret. “I called them and asked them down for pizza so I wouldn’t have to eat alone,” I lied.
Marisa and Nathan smiled gratefully, most likely not interested in all the lectures they would have received.
Nate moved toward me and sat on the arm of my chair, his scent luring me to him. “I told you I would have come with you,” he said softly, reaching out to brush my cheek with his fingers.
I leaned my head on his jean clad leg, allowing his touch to soothe me. “I know, but I thought Nathan could use some normalcy. I wanted to show him that even wolves eat normally and I thought we could have a game night or something.” As I was talking to Nathan, I realized he needed to see that we were just like him, if he was ever going to get over it. He needed to have a fun night with his extended family and not see us as wild animals that could rip him apart. And by the gratitude on his face when he glanced at me, I knew I was right.
“Woo hoo!” Lauren hooted. “Game night, lets kick some ass. Joe is on my team! He’s awesome at Scrabble.” I groaned inwardly, I hated scrabble, but for some reason Lauren loved it. 
Nathan grinned, his eyes shining as he rubbed his hands together. “Okay, who’s on my team? I love to beat Lauren.”
His sister scowled at him, but I also noticed the glint in her eyes. Nathan had been guarded with her since he had found out and I knew she would be relieved to see him acting normal toward her.
“I’ll be on your team,” Marisa called out a little too enthusiastically. Her cheeks heated when she realized how she sounded. 
Adrian frowned, a third piece of pizza poised in front of his mouth.
I clamped my lips together to stifle a laugh and noticed Sadie do the same thing. She sat quietly beside Marisa, giving pointed looks in his direction. Lauren loaded a plate with pizza and handed it to her. She smiled thankfully and took a bite.
“Okay, who else wants on the winning team? Meg, Sadie?” Lauren asked.
Joe sat down at the kitchen table. “No, we’ll take Nate; he’s older and knows more words.”
“Hey,” Nathan glared at Joe and then his sister. “Is that cheating?” he asked turning to me.
I laughed. “Ah…no. But, I don’t think it’s fair either.” I glanced at my husband and winked. “Nate, you and Sadie can be on Nathan’s team and Adrian and I will take pity on Lauren.”
“Hey, that means they get two old people. They know more than we do,” Lauren protested.
“Am I the only one offended by being called old?” Sadie asked, her gaze moving between Nate and Joe. They only smirked in answer.
I laughed, leaning over to pat her knee. “Sorry, but you should get used to it. I’m sure it won’t be the last time you’ll hear it.” I sat back and placed my empty plate on the end table. “But it is a good idea for you to be on the opposing team.” I smirked at Adrian. “It will give you a chance to whip Adrian’s butt.”
Sadie stood up, holding her plate in her hand. “Then I’m definitely in.” Her voice was playful, but I couldn’t help notice coldness in her eyes. Something happened out in the woods and I just hoped he didn’t screw up too badly.
For the rest of the night we played Scrabble, Pictionary and Charades. Meanwhile we ate all the pizza and four bags of chips I kept in the cottage for emergencies. The night turned out to be fun and we made a vow to end all full moon nights that way. I was happy to see Nathan punch Lauren playfully on the shoulder and when she stole a hug from her baby brother, she mouthed, “Thank you,” over his shoulder to me. 
Once everyone left, leaving Nate, Sadie and I, the cottage felt empty and extremely quiet. When I asked Sadie what had happened with Adrian she promised to tell me later; she was too tired to explain. She left the two of us alone snuggled on the couch watching an old black and white movie. “Have you heard back from Henry,” I whispered softly, not wanting Sadie to hear. 
He shifted his position so he could look at me. “No, not yet; but I also called Stephen, now that I know I’m looking for a werewolf.” Stephen was the werewolf pack leader. Yes, there was a pack, a very large one that monitored werewolf behavior to make sure they didn’t expose our secret. We didn’t belong to it, actually I had never met anyone who did, but Joe and Nate were friendly with their leader.
“What did he say?”
“That he’s never heard of him. But he said he would ask around the werewolf community.”
I reached out and touched his cheek, then moved my finger upward to brush a piece of hair off his forehead. “I hope you find what you’re looking for.”
He made a low sound in his chest. “I’m sorry,” he muttered.
“For what?”
“For obsessing. I should be giving all my attention to my new wife, not some name that I don’t know the meaning of.” He snuggled me in closer with his arm. “But I just can’t let it go until I get answers.”
“Don’t worry about me. I understand.”
He smiled and focussed once again on the movie.
We were silent for a while, both of us watching the TV screen. “So, what happened when you found Nathan and Marisa in the woods?” he asked, breaking through the quiet.
I had been drifting, the sound of his breathing right next to me, lulling me to sleep. The sudden sound of his deep rumbling voice startled me. “What do you mean?” I whispered, surprised by his question.
“I followed your scent trail home, while the others took a different route. They didn’t notice the extra scents.”
I shrunk guiltily into the couch cushions. “I’m sorry I lied. I just didn’t want to put them on the spot and have everyone interrogate them. I taught them a lesson and told them to stay away on full moon nights and that it was too dangerous to be curious. I got my point across, so there was no need for any further feedback from you guys.” My words came out more defensively than I had meant them to.
His lips quirked upward. “I wasn’t going to chastise you. I’m glad you handled it the way you did. It was good to see Nathan having fun again. Will told me he’s been brooding ever since he told him the secret. You showed him that nothing important has changed.” I leaned my head on his shoulder again, breathing in his familiar leather and pine scent. “What do you mean; you got your point across?”
“I growled at them in my wolf form and then pounced on Nathan, knocking him down.” I sat up and met his gaze. “I hovered above him and snarled, showing my teeth.”
His brows went up. “Why?”
I grinned. “And then I licked his face and stuck my tongue out.”
A laugh snuck out of his lips, his face a stern contradiction. He attempted to look annoyed by my behavior, but he couldn’t hold the expression. A smile brightened his features and he began to laugh. “How did they react?”
“Marisa screamed bloody murder. I’m surprised you didn’t hear her.”
His laughter ceased as he leaned forward, his lips touching mine before pulling back again. “I might have heard something, but I was too focussed on the buck we were hunting. What about Nathan, did he scream like a girl? I would have liked to have seen that.” His soft laughter was one of my favorite sounds.
“No he didn’t, but he looked like he was about to pee his pants.” I couldn’t help but laugh as the memory of their expressions crossed my mind, reminding me of the eerie laughter I thought I heard. The laughter faded with that added thought and the feeling of apprehension returned. “Did you hear or sense anything strange out there?”
A line creased his forehead. “No. Why?”
I couldn’t give him a reason. Yes, I was sure I heard the laughter and felt something odd out there, but I also could have imagined it. “I shrugged, planting a smile on my face. “No reason, never mind.”
His grin returned as he leaned forward, his face hovering inches from mine. “Have I told you how much I love you lately?” he whispered in my ear as he leaned closer, his hot breath sending chills over my skin.
“No, but talk is cheap buddy. Why don’t you show me?”
Before I could process what was happening, I was in his arms as he carried me to the bedroom, all negative thoughts disappearing from my mind.



Chapter Twenty-Three
The work out

The next day I was on my way to my car, heading for my weekly Saturday workout at the gym, when I was bombarded by Sadie and Marisa. I hadn’t noticed Sadie wasn’t at the cottage. Nate had gone in to work for a couple of hours and with him gone I thought I’d head to the gym. I had only been back once since we returned from Sacramento. Adrian was at the shelter helping to get the addition done, so we could get it finished before Fun Day, which was scheduled for next week. Since Adrian hadn’t been working out in the last six months he wanted to get back at it. He was planning to meet me there after a few hours of work.
“Can we come?” Sadie asked. I had just noticed they were wearing workout clothes, both in matching tank tops and yoga pants. I myself was wearing the same, but my yoga pants went to the knee, with a bright pink strip along the waist that wasn’t visible under the hem of my tank. 
I stared at them, surprised by their sudden appearance. “Why?”
“You said you would teach us to fight,” Marisa reminded me. She was talking about when we had first met. It felt like such a long time ago and so much had happened since then, I vaguely recalled the conversation.
At first I was tempted to turn them down, hoping to have a quiet workout without any distractions; but, they looked so excited I couldn’t say no. “Fine.” I grumbled, opening the door to my red convertible.
Sadie climbed in beside me, while Marisa slid into the backseat.
After a few minutes of driving, I remembered last night and that Sadie had yet to fill me in on what happened after the run with Adrian.
“Um…Sadie?” I began, flicking my eyes to the back where Marisa was texting on her phone, not paying attention to me. Sadie glanced at me, waiting for me to continue. “What happened when we left you and…”
Her brows rose as she realized what I was asking. She turned back to look at Marisa who was still texting, with a wide grin on her face. “We frolicked and played,” she whispered. In wolf behavior that would be considered flirting.
“And when you turned back?” I asked dreading the answer. Since Adrian hardly acknowledged her at the cottage, I had a feeling I already knew what she would say.
Marisa giggled at something she read on her phone.
Sadie waited until she was again immersed in her cell and then her expression hardened. “We changed back together and there was some touching and an almost kiss…” she trailed off, her eyes turning cold. “Until Joe and Lauren walked by.”
“And then?” I asked, confused by her words, because only minutes after, at the cottage, he treated her as he always did, indifferently. 
“He pulled away from me and ignored my existence.” I expected her voice to be laced with sadness, but that wasn’t what I heard. She was pissed and I didn’t blame her.
A flash of anger for my friend pierced through me. I would have to have a talk with Adrian about that. I hated when guys toyed with us girls. I’d been through it with Nate and Lauren with Joe. Why couldn’t love be simple in the werewolf world?
As I turned onto Hazel Street I gripped the steering wheel, happy that my friend wasn’t here with us or I’d have to take my anger out on him. “I’m sorry, Sadie. I’ll talk to him.”
Her lips pursed together and so quickly I almost missed it, her eyes flashed yellow and then back to chocolate brown. “Don’t bother. I don’t care what he thinks of me anymore.” Suddenly she smiled and all her frustration washed away. “I know what I did was right. In my mind I was protecting a little girl. And I’d do it again. He knows I was unaware of the real situation and yet he still blames me. I’m done trying to convince him otherwise.” Fierceness edged her words that I had never heard from her before.
I felt my lips turn up as I pivoted to face her. “I like your attitude and it’s about time too. This is the girl Nate told me about, not that pathetic one that has been so apologetic toward Adrian. ”
She grinned and nodded sharply. “Thank you. It’s been a long time. I lost myself a long time ago when I lived in fear of Sebastian finding me. And then as a mother figure for Marisa, but last night when Adrian pushed me away again, I realized it was time I let her come back. I’m done being his punching bag.”
I felt like yelling Halleluiah! “Well, it’s nice to meet the real Sadie?”
“It sure is,” Marisa agreed behind us. Apparently, she wasn’t as engrossed in her phone conversation as we had thought.
As I pulled to a stop at a stop sign, Sadie and I swung around to gape at the girl who was grinning like a canary.
“What do you know about this?” I asked. When Adrian and Sadie realized they were mates, Marisa wasn’t around and I had thought they were keeping that from her. At the sound of a horn behind us I waved at the impatient people behind us and turned back to face the road, merging back into traffic.
“Oh come on, you said you were his mate when you threatened him with that gun.” I had forgotten about that. So much had been going on that day it was hard to remember everything that had been said. She paused, sliding her phone closed. “I didn’t exactly know what that meant at the time, but I’ve figured it out since. You two are mated werewolves, like Nate and Megan and Joe and Lauren and he’s treating you like trash.” She leaned forward and placed her hand on the top of our seats. “He’s my brother and I love him, but he’s acting like an ass.”
I couldn’t help the snort that escaped my lips.
Sadie’s brow furrowed, as she gazed at the girl she considered her daughter. “I don’t want to change how you see him. This is my problem, not yours.”
Mari shrugged her shoulders, flipping her black hair over her shoulder. “It won’t, but I can still be annoyed with how he acts toward you.”
Sadie and I exchanged glances as I turned the corner. The gym was in sight and I held my breath when I saw Adrian’s vehicle in the lot. 
“Don’t say anything to your brother, okay,” Sadie said to Marisa, as I pulled to a stop and turned the car off.
“Don’t worry, I won’t,” she said. The look she gave Sadie spoke volumes. Adrian might be her brother that she loved very much, but Sadie had raised her and had been there for her when she had no one else. She would always side with her.
As we made our way into the gym, I couldn’t help but worry about this situation. I hoped that Marisa didn’t get caught between two people she loved. Adrian was my friend and he meant a lot to me, therefore so did Marisa.
The smell of sweat and wax assaulted my senses, as we entered the gym that was full of people. All the exercise machines were taken, but that was okay, because that was not why we were here. The mats and heavy bags were free and that’s all I cared about. Adrian was just sliding on his gloves when we approached him. He was wearing track pants and a navy blue sleeveless shirt. His ink black hair was as short as it was when I first met him, since he got it cut yesterday. “You’re here early,” I observed, tossing my workout bag on the floor against the wall, the straps fell against the mirrors. “I thought you were going to work at the shelter for a few hours.”
He eyed my guests curiously before answering. “I did. I got there at six.”
My eyes widened. “Six! Was Brian there?”
“No, but I knew what needed to be done. He arrived about an hour later.”
“How is it looking?” Sadie asked. She had been doing night shifts before the full moon and was heading back in tonight.
“Good, we should be done in a few days.”
“Just in time for Fun Day. I’d like to have the new residents in by then.” I had chosen the new people that would move into the eight rooms and Julia and I were so excited to have them move in. Fun Day would be a perfect time for that.”
Adrian shrugged. “If not before then, definitely the day of.”
I frowned. I had wanted a different answer. The sooner we got them in the better. But I had to let go of that. It would happen sooner or later and I couldn’t rush them. I wanted everything done right.
“What are you guys doing here?” he asked his sister and mate. His voice held no agitation, just curiosity. 
“Remember you and Megan promised to teach me kick boxing?” Marisa answered her brother defensively.
He narrowed his eyes, looking confused.
“When we first found her,” I reminded him, as I dug into my bag for my gloves.
“Oh right. Okay, Um…I’ll go get you two some gloves.”
As he walked away, I pulled mine on. “You okay?” I asked Sadie. The continuous sound of pounding and underlined buzzing had me looking over my shoulder to see an overweight man running on the treadmill. His puffy face was red and glistened with sweat. His face was set with determination. I smiled at him as he noticed me and before I turned away he gave me a wink. The smile turned to a grin as I faced my friends. 
Sadie was watching Adrian as he made his way to the shelves where the owners kept the equipment.
She jumped. As if she was so focused on the guy she had just said she was going to forget and the sound of my voice scared her. She forced a smile and punched my shoulder. Ow! She was strong. “I’m fine.” There wasn’t time to argue, because Adrian had picked out the gloves and was on his way back.
“Well, since I also need a workout, I’ll get another bag.”  He handed the gloves to the girls and they helped each other put them on while he disappeared into the storeroom. He came back out with another heavy bag and hung it beside the three others, it swayed to the right, bumping another one slightly, but it remained stationary. He explained all the punches and kicks, while I demonstrated each one. Marisa struggled with the kicks but exceled with the punches. But Sadie was a natural at everything. She was such a tiny girl, with an almost cherub face that you would never guess she would have caught on so quickly.
After an hour of working on the bag, I asked Adrian to spar with me. Marisa and Sadie watched from the floor, where they sat leaning against the mirrored wall, their legs crossed in front of them.
Adrian wasn’t kidding when he had said he hadn’t worked out in a while. It only took a few tries to pin him to the mats, my knee to his throat. “Okay, you win,” he grunted, inaudibly. It was hard to understand him when my knee was jammed into his windpipe. I grinned before I got off him and stood up. As I spun around to face the girls, his leg swung out and knocked me off of my feet. I fell to the mats with a loud thud. I heard a deep rumbling chuckle as I gazed up at the ceiling lying flat-out on my back.
“Can I try?” Sadie asked from above me. She was staring down at me, her braid falling over a shoulder, wisps of hair that had come loose, framing her face.
I sat up and leaned on my knee. 
“You did well your first try, but I’m not sure you’re ready for fighting yet,” Adrian answered her, getting to his feet.
She grinned at him. “I’ll take my chances.”
He shrugged and held out his hand to help me up. I took it and stood in front of her. “Do you want to spar with me?” I asked, thinking that if she wanted to fight with someone it would be easier to do it with me, especially after what happened last night. 
She only grinned wider. “No. I want to fight Adrian.”
Marisa snorted behind me as my eyes widened with so many unspoken questions. I suppressed the urge to laugh.
“Why do you want to fight me?” Adrian asked. He was rubbing his throat where my knee had just been lodged, his face appearing guarded.
Sadie lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. “Because I like Megan.”
Marisa’s snort turned into a snicker. I took a few steps away from them to avoid the fallout and plopped down beside Mari. I folded my legs in front of me and leaned forward on my knees, excited for the show.
Adrian was staring at Sadie with narrowed eyes. “Fine, I’ll go easy on you.” He turned around to smirk at me, at the same time as Sadie’s arm shot out and in a blur of movement she had flipped him over her shoulder. He hit the mats with a loud thump.
He lay on the mat in a daze staring at the ceiling as I had just done, while Marisa and I gaped at our friend. What just happened?
“What the heck was that?” Marisa asked, her mouth hanging open.
“What?” Sadie asked. “I work out every night after you go to bed?” She glanced at me and then Adrian. We were still staring at her in shock. “I’m a werewolf running from a vampire; I had to be able to protect myself.” 
I couldn’t help but notice Adrian’s lips twitch. He was fighting a smile. 
Sadie was full of surprises today, first her declaration earlier and now this. I wondered how long she had wanted to take Adrian down. I was just glad that I was there to see it. 
As she held out her hand to help him up he tried to knock her down like he did me. She anticipated the move and caught his leg between her own, twisting onto the floor and flipping him onto the mat again. 
This time I laughed out loud and Marisa joined me. When Adrian sat up he was staring at Sadie, his eyes shining with approval.
Sadie stood up and began to peel the gloves from her hands without a look to anyone and then she sauntered away. “I’ll meet you outside,” she called over her shoulder.
All we could do was gaze after her speechlessly.




Chapter Twenty-Four
Fun Day

“It’s beautiful,” I gasped, as I spun around the common room of the new wing. Fun Day was in two days and the eight families were coming this morning. But first Adrian and Brian were giving Julia, Sadie and I a tour. The rooms were all equipped with en-suites, built-in shelving and large closets. The common room for all the residents to share held a mini kitchenette, for the hours that the dining rooms were closed and a large comfortable living room. The furnishings had arrived yesterday and Adrian had insisted on putting everything together. He didn’t want us to see it until it was all there and in place. The rooms were painted in calming neutral colors, with livelier splashes in the accessories. Throw pillows, the color of violets, dotted the furniture and bright whimsical artwork hung on the walls. The scent of vanilla filled the air, along with the underlined smell of paint. There was a large flat screen TV, DVD player and game system. We had all of those electronics in the main common room, but with eight more families we needed more.
It was beyond what I had imagined when I first thought of adding on to the shelter.
“It really is. I’m so glad you insisted on doing this Meg,” Julia gushed from beside me as she wrapped me in a hug. She smelled like flowers and shampoo. Her honey brown hair tickled my nose. “Okay, enough of this. Let’s get back to the main room to welcome the new residents.” She pulled away from me, fighting tears.
I hugged Brian and Adrian, feeling their warmth wrap around me. I was getting emotional and if I wasn’t careful, the tears that I was trying to hold back would flow and I didn’t want that. I cleared my throat, stepping away from the men to take Sadie’s hand, pulling her along with us. There was work to be done and no time for tears. We were finally able to use the door separating the wings. We had blocked it before for the safety of the current residents.
Each of the eight families had children ranging from one to four kids each. After we had shown them their rooms, explained the rules and what was expected of them, it was late and I couldn’t wait to get home.
Julia and I separated in the parking lot out back, knowing that although our day had been busy, it was about to get worse in the days to come. I watched her car drive off, her break lights glowing red for a brief moment before she turned onto the street. I took a few seconds to breathe in the cool evening air and the quiet of the outdoors. It had been a long day filled with noise and chaos. It was nice to have a second to myself before going home to my wonderful husband. As I approached the car, a chill crept over my skin. The hackles on the wolf inside me rose as I spun around to search for danger. There was nothing there of course, but I couldn’t help but feel the weight of someone’s gaze on me.
I sniffed the air, but was only rewarded with the smell of dirt, garbage from the shelter’s bin and a woman’s scent who was walking her dog about ten yards away. 
“Hello,” I called out; knowing that no one could be there or I’d have smelled them. When no answer came, I shook my head, chocking it up to a long day and opened my car door. I froze as a scent of rotted flesh entered my senses. I glanced around my surroundings again and heard the whisper of laughter. It was male and it echoed softly off the building. It was the exact sound I had heard in the woods the night of the full moon. I spun around searching for the source but still there was nothing but the scent of rot. I waited a few minutes more and when nothing else happened I slipped into the car. As I drove away, I thought I saw the silhouette of a man in the rear-view mirror. I stomped on the brakes and spun around to look, there was nothing there, just the garbage bin.
With an eerie feeling lurking in my mind, I called Sadie to make sure the shelter was locked up and warn her to be careful. When she asked me why, I couldn’t answer her. I just said that I wanted to be extra cautious with the added residents. 
After my call, I felt better knowing that everyone was safe. But I couldn’t get rid of the icy cold fear that had settled in the pit of my stomach.

We were busy the next day with preparations for Fun Day. When it finally arrived there was an exciting, energy, buzzing through the air. I had lined up twenty volunteers to be divided into groups for all the events and food prep. 
The theme of the day was Vacations around the World. With little to no funds available to them and more important issues, like lack of food or shelter, traveling was the last thing on our resident’s minds. So we decided to bring the vacations to them. We had rooms set up that represented popular vacation spots. Each room had aspects of resorts: massages, umbrella drinks, food and music. For the kids, there were games, candy and even toys from different countries. The excitement in the house was palpable. The former residents had been anticipating this day for months and the new ones were already excited about their new living arrangements, spending a fun day instead of worrying about their future was a welcome distraction.
I was busy running between rooms, checking if the volunteers needed anything. Midmorning, I stopped in at the kitchen where Nate and Lilly were working hard to prepare different foods from the countries we were featuring. The aroma in the room was decadent and I couldn’t wait until lunch time when I had the chance to taste some of what was cooking. I snuck a kiss as Nate stirred what looked like goop, in a large pot. “Hey beautiful, how is it going?”
“Great,” I gushed excitedly. “Everyone is having a ball. No one is worrying about their problems, just enjoying the day.”
“That is the point of the day, right?” Lilly said, smirking as she pulled a pan of desserts out of the oven. I stuck my tongue out at her and gave her a playful slap on the shoulder with an abandoned oven mitt.
Nate wrapped an arm around the small of my back, leaning close to my ear. “I’m so proud of you.” His soft, warm breath gave me tingles along my skin. “This was a great idea.” His words were laced with pride and love. It made my insides glow with happiness.
He was the most generous person I had ever met and his compliment meant a lot to me, my chest swelled with pride. “Thanks baby,” I whispered, snuck another kiss and then a croissant from Lilly. She hit my hand with a wooden spoon just as I rushed away, my knuckle stung for only a few seconds.
My next stop was the Jamaican room. It was being held in the dining room and it was noisy as a bunch of kids banged on the steel drums. I smiled at three little girls who were dancing to the music wearing dreadlock wigs I had found at a costume store. “How is it going in here?” I asked my mom. She was leaning against a table filled with Jamaican souvenirs, wearing skin tight jeans and a silk, royal blue blouse. Her long platinum hair was pulled into a ponytail. I had never seen her looking so ordinary in all my life. She was cringing with every bang that reverberated through the air. Instead of complaining, like I thought she would, she gave me a half-smile. “It’s certainly…interesting.” Her eyes were narrowed at Raul, a seven-year-old boy that was banging extra loudly on the drum. When he saw the look she gave him, he backed away from the drum, giving a short reprieve from the noise. Louise, a tiny little girl, all of two, lifted the drumstick and began banging again. Luckily she could barely lift it, so it was definitely quieter than the previous boy had been. “I’m glad I thought to bring some aspirin.”
I stepped closer, reaching out to touch her shoulder. It was as close as my mother and I came to hugging. My wedding was an exception to that unspoken rule. “Thank you for doing this. It means a lot to me that you and Dad are volunteering.”
Her gray-blue eyes softened. “I’m glad you included us. It gives us a chance to see how much you’ve accomplished here.” She paused, as a girl ran by wearing a colorful Rastafarian shirt. “Running a charity wasn’t what we’d hope you’d choose for your career, but being here, I can see how much you’ve done to improve these people’s lives. You don’t get this from your father or me, but your grandmother would be proud. So are we.”
After her words, I couldn’t help myself; I hugged her quickly. “Thank you,” I whispered roughly and then rushed away. We were not used to expressing our feelings and if I stayed longer she probably would have ruined it with an insult.

An hour later I was headed to the Paris room with a tray of croissants for my dad, when Sadie emerged from the China room. She was wearing a beautiful red Cheongsam, which I had learned was the name of the dresses women wore in china. She was also holding a traditional Chinese fan. With her dark eyes, hair and round face, you could almost mistake her as Asian. “You look nice in that. It suits you.” I commented, coming to a stop in front of her.
She smiled, pushed her hands together in a praying gesture and bowed slightly, a smile playing at her lips. When she stood up, her eyes widened. “Mmm, are those chocolate?”
I nodded my head, holding the tray out to her. “And cheese. There are also some plain ones on here.”
She picked a chocolate one and took a bite. “Oh that’s fantastic. Who made it?”
I grinned. “Nate, of course.”
She was quiet as she chewed. “I’m not surprised. He was a good cook fifty years ago too.”
I shifted the tray to the other hand. “You know, some time you’re going to have to give me some details about your time back then.”
She grinned mischievously and wiggled her eyebrows. “We had some good times.” 
As she spoke, the temperature seemed to plummet and a cold chill slithered its way over my skin. It was the same feeling I had the other night in the parking lot, but one hundred percent stronger. “Ah, Sadie-girl. It’s been too long.” The voice that spoke was deep and silky and it seemed to echo throughout the hall.
Sadie’s eyes went wide, her face drained of all color as she mouthed the word “Sebastian.”
I glanced around; looking for the man attached to the voice, but saw no one.
“Who’s your friend?” The voice without a body asked. Again, the words seemed to echo from all around and nowhere in particular.
I spun around, searching for the vampire, both terrified and intrigued. I finally saw him, only because he stepped out of the shadows of the corner near the end of the hall. He looked about twenty, his black raven hair was cut short and his skin was flawless. But that wasn’t what drew my attention. It was his striking, pale blue eyes that were almost colorless. They were so mesmerizing that it was difficult to look away. Before I could react to his appearance, he was standing behind Sadie leering down at her. I hadn’t even seen him move. 
When I stepped forward, ready to fight for my friend, I smelled the scent of rotted flesh, the same scent from the other night only worse. Repressing the urge to cover my nose, I lifted my foot to take another step, prompting him to wrap his hands around her throat. “You know,” he began conversationally, as Sadie’s eyes pleaded with me to do something. I wanted to help, but if I moved he would kill her. “I’ve never smelled so many werewolves in one building before. I feel a joke coming on.” He leveled his gaze on me, red veins slithering over the whites of his eyes. “How many werewolves would it take to pry a vampire’s hands from this girl’s neck?” And then he started to squeeze.
I panicked, dropping the tray of croissants with a loud clatter, buttery balls of dough rolled around on the tiled floor. 
Sadie whimpered in pain, terror filling her eyes.
Panic shot through the pit of my stomach. “What do you want?”
His hands released the pressure, but they remained where they were. “I want her to tell me where to find Miles and I want the werewolf who summoned me.” Again he levelled those disturbing eyes on me and the cold shiver returned. “I don’t answer to werewolves and it’s time this Nathaniel learned his lesson.”
The panic now threatened to choke me at the mention of Nate’s name. When he called Henry, he never expected Sebastian to come looking for him. Or did he? Of course that didn’t matter now, he was going to kill Sadie and Nate and I couldn’t let that happen. The problem was, I didn’t have a clue how to stop it. He was a vampire, what that entailed I didn’t know and the unknown was almost as terrifying as the fact that this man needed to drink blood to survive.
I was frozen with panic as I watched Sebastian’s fingers tighten around Sadie’s neck once again. Her eyes flashed yellow and then she elbowed him in the stomach. The move didn’t affect him at all. Instead of letting her go, he lowered his head to her neck, his teeth lengthening. She struggled and flicked her frightened eyes at me.
Finally waking me from my shock, I started to rush forward to help my friend, but was suddenly shoved to the side, slamming into the wall with a smack. Dazed, I turned to see what had happened. 
Adrian pounced on the vampire, knocking Sadie out of his grip. His eyes were wild and yellow, his arms shaking as he held back the wolf. Sadie rushed over and clung to me as we watched the scene before us.
Adrian was holding Sebastian against the wall, his arm digging into the vamp’s throat. Sebastian was staring into his attacker’s eyes, but instead of showing fear by the fact that a werewolf was holding him, he appeared to be bored.
“Leave. Her. Alone,” Adrian growled, his teeth lengthening, hairs on his arms starting to appear. Veins pulsed on the side of his neck with the strain to keep the wolf at bay, but I could tell it was a struggle. His mate was in danger and it was instinct to protect her.
Sebastian only grinned, not fazed at all by Adrian. “Let me guess, you’re Sadie’s mate?”
Adrian stared coldly into the vampire’s eyes instead of answering. 
In the blink of an eye Sebastian was gone, no longer pressed against the wall, but behind Adrian and he had his hand wrapped around Adrian’s throat. “I think you need a lesson, wolf boy. I am a vampire!” His smooth features hardened. “I am faster, stronger and I will kill you in a heartbeat.” His low menacing voice was just as terrifying as the red eyes.
“Stop!”
At the sound of the booming voice, everyone turned around to see Nate. He was standing at the other end of the hall, wearing jeans and a V neck black shirt, his face was tense. 
“I am Nate.” He nodded in the vampire’s direction. “You must be Sebastian.”
Sebastian let go of Adrian, whose eyes had turned back to their natural color. He rushed toward us and stood in front of his mate, guarding her. His left foot stepped on a chocolate croissant, the brown creamy liquid oozed out onto the floor.
Sebastian grinned. “Nate, it’s nice to meet you.” He took a step forward, glancing at the rest of us. “But I don’t like to be summoned,” he repeated his earlier words.
Nate’s eyes flicked to me, his expression changing to worry. When he saw that I was fine, he focussed back on the vampire. “I didn’t summon you. I just asked my friend if he knew you. All I wanted was to talk.”
Sadie glared at Nate. “You brought him here?” Her voice was shrill, edged with panic.
Nate had the decency to look guilty. “Yes, I’m sorry. But I just have a question for him.”
Sebastian folded his arms in front of him. “I have no interest in answering any questions.” He gazed at Sadie hungrily. “But I will take what I came for.” 
“Um...is everything okay here?” A soft female voice stammered from the end of the hall. 
All eyes swung around and focused on Lori. She was a sixteen year old that had just moved into the new wing. She was wearing a red scarf around her neck and a beret on her head, very Paris.
“Mmm, lunch,” Sebastian murmured as he rushed forward, about to grab the girl. Nate stepped in front of her. “Please, do not feed on my guests, it’s very rude.”
Sebastian scowled at Nate, obviously not accustomed to being told what to do. 
“We can’t do this here. I won’t risk these people’s lives. Meet us at Baycroft Park at sundown and we can settle everything then.”
Sebastian narrowed his eyes at Nate and then in a flash he was standing behind me. “I agree to your terms. But I’m taking your mate for insurance that you will show up and bring me Sadie.”
Nate’s eyes flashed yellow, as he stepped forward. 
Sebastian’s vise-grip like hand wrapped around my neck, cutting off my airway. Instead of panicking like I wanted to, I breathed through my nose, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of showing fear. Vampire or not, he was a bully and that’s what all bullies craved.
He smirked at me and then at Nate, whose eyes were wide with horror. “Don’t worry, I won’t hurt her. You will see her soon.” And with that he lifted me over his shoulder and rushed me away so quickly I barely saw the floor move under me. Before I could even contemplate what had happened, we were outside and standing under the shade of a tree.
He let me go and held out his hand. “We haven’t formally met. My name is Sebastian. And you are?”
I stared at him, dazed by his words. He just threatened my friends, almost attacked a resident and then ripped me from the shelter on a day that I had been planning for months. Then he politely introduced himself? All I could do was extend my hand. I was at a loss for words. “Megan,” I whispered.
He shook my hand softly and gestured towards a black sports car with dark tinted windows that was parked at the edge of the curb. The shade stretched to his vehicle.
As I stepped toward it, he opened the passenger door for me. I got in, still feeling confused by his polite behavior.
Once he was settled in the driver’s seat and had started the car, he turned to me. “Is there a nice restaurant around here, I’m starving.” His face lit with amusement.
I simply gaped open-mouthed at him as he pulled away from the curb.




Chapter Twenty-Five
Sebastian

An alternative rock band was playing through the speakers and as far as I could tell it was a CD, not the radio. I gave Sebastian directions to the Orchid and then waited for the sadistic side of him that I saw at the shelter to return. When it didn’t, the stab of fear that had pierced through me earlier became a low hum. As silence stretched between us I turned to gaze at him. He was staring straight ahead as if concentrating on the road, his smooth, sharp features showing no emotion. I had never tried to imagine what a vampire would look like, I had no reason to.
Now that I was trapped in a small car with one and had the opportunity to study him, I had to admit he wasn’t what I pictured. Not that I had ever imagined they were real. But in the horror films Mandy, my former best friend, used to make me watch they were very different. In those movies the villainous vampires had black eyes, white skin and long black hair. And yes, the black cape that flowed like smooth, liquid-ink behind the immortal monster just as he sucked the blood from the beautiful victim’s neck.
However, as I studied him, I didn’t see any of that. Sebastian’s hair was black sure, but it was short and trim, as if he had just had it cut. His eyes were pale blue and his skin was a lighter shade than most people with dark hair that I knew, but it was actually darker than my own. I had always been cursed with fair skin, having freckles and strawberry blond hair. And as for the cape, he was wearing dark blue jeans and a burgundy button down shirt, hardly the scary apparel I expected from a bloodsucking supernatural creature. He was wearing a spicy cologne that helped hide the underlying scent of rotting corpse. Although, I’m sure to a human, they would simply smell the cologne. Only someone with heightened senses would know him for what he truly was, just as he had smelled us werewolves at the shelter. Now that I was near him, I knew without asking that it was him in the woods the night of the full moon and also him in the parking lot two nights ago. Why did he wait to contact us? I was about to ask that question when he spoke.
“Is there something you wanted to say?” he asked suddenly. 
“Um…no.”
He smiled, turning those mesmerizing eyes on me. “Good, because we’re here.”
I looked out the window and could see only faintly through the dark tinted windows. He had pulled up in front of the restaurant, under the main entrance’s awning. Before I could comment on how fast the drive was, he was out of the car and pulling my door open for me, like a perfect gentleman. I climbed out and gaped open-mouthed at my captor. He was smiling at me, as if he hadn’t just attacked me and my friends.
He tossed the keys to the valet and led me through the door of the restaurant.
A tall woman with sleek brown hair wearing a black skirt and white blouse greeted us with a wide smile. “Welcome to The Orchid, please follow me.” We did as she instructed and she led us to a brightly lit table for two in front of the large bay window. The view was spectacular. The lake spread out before us as the midday sun shone over the dark blue water, creating a shimmering glow over the waves.
Sebastian stopped, his hand grabbing my elbow. His skin wasn’t cold as I had expected, although it wasn’t warm either. “Actually, that is a little too bright for me.” He called out to the hostess who hadn’t realized we were no longer behind her. She turned around and looked up at us, surprised. “Is there any available tables over there?” he asked, gesturing to the wall farthest from the window. Despite it being daytime, without the sun, those tables were seeped in shadow, lit only with candles and wall sconces.
The hostess’s brow rose in confusion before plastering the smile back on her face. “Of course. You can have any table you want.” Well, almost any table. Since it was between lunch and dinner, the restaurant wasn’t busy, but there were a few people occupying other tables, mostly by the bar at the back.
Once we were seated she handed us each a menu and said that our waitress Patty would be by any minute.
When we were alone, the nerves returned. I was sitting in a restaurant with a vampire and despite his recent polite behavior; his actions at the shelter were still fresh in my memory. An image of his fangs and blood red eyes flashed in my mind and I shivered with fear.
“You have nothing to fear from me,” he assured me, as if reading my mind. Could he? Did vampires have that capability? Although, his voice was smooth and almost comforting, I wasn’t falling for this new act; he had threatened to kill Nate and Sadie.
I opened the laminated pages of my menu and flipped through them. I saw the words, but they meant nothing to me. I couldn’t focus on anything but my unlikely companion. My fingers trembled against my will. I hadn’t wanted to show fear, because as a vampire, he most likely expected that.
“Alright,” he began. His soft voice broke through the buzz in my ears that accompanied the anxiety that was beginning to take over. I was alone with a vampire, who wouldn’t be afraid? “How can I prove to you that I won’t hurt you?”
I stared at him, completely floored by his complete change in attitude. “Don’t kill my husband or friend.”
His lips twitched as he stared at me, his face a blank mask. “Done,” he said, leaning back in his chair, smirking at me. My eyes widened in surprise and my spirits soared. Had he really just said he would no longer threaten Sadie or Nate? “I won’t kill any of your friends while we have lunch.”
My heart dropped at his words, dread plunged into my stomach like a brick falling to the bottom of an abyss.
A grin spread across his face. “I’m kidding.” His pale blue eyes brightened with mirth. “I won’t harm your husband. I just need to convey to him that I don’t like people asking about me.”
I stared at him blankly, having no idea if anything he said was real. I wanted to trust his words, but how could I? “I think you got your point across.” I twisted my fingers nervously in my lap. “What about Sadie?”
A brow rose. “I have no desire to kill her.” He shrugged. “How would she tell me where Miles is if she was dead?”
I opened my mouth to speak, but was interrupted when the waitress approached. “Are you ready to order?” she asked. She was a blond, her hair was swept up in a twist and she was wearing the standard black and white. But unlike the hostess, her skirt was scantily short, coming just below her bottom.
Sebastian gestured for me to go first. When the girl gazed at me, waiting, I picked the first thing that grabbed my attention. “I’ll have the Beef Bourguignon.”
“And to drink?”
“Just water, thank you.” I folded my menu and placed it in front of her.
The waitress turned to Sebastian. “And you?”
He grinned. “I’ll have you. If you don’t mind.”
My eyes grew wide and I’m sure my mouth dropped open in shock. The fear that had been simmering now spiked to a scorching burn. 
The waitress smiled, taking his words as harmless flirtation. “Oh, I don’t mind,’ she purred with a wink. 
Hunger flashed in Sebastian’s eyes as he stood up and touched the girls elbow. “All right then. Follow me.” He led her away and all I could do was gape wordlessly at him. He turned and winked at me “I won’t be long,” he called over his shoulder. 
I watched them head down a corridor at the back of the restaurant where a sign above announced ‘Washrooms.’
He was going to hurt her and I couldn’t let that happen. I waited a few minutes until I followed them. Their scent trail led to the women’s room. I placed my hand on the knob and twisted. It didn’t budge; it was locked. I gave it a hard turn, using my heightened strength and with a snap, it turned. I pushed the metal door open a crack and peered inside.
Bile rose up my throat at the scene before me. Sebastian had the girl against the sink and as he gazed into her eyes he asked her if he could taste her. When she nodded robotically, he tilted her head, baring her neck. His eyes went red and his teeth extended as he leaned down to latch onto her exposed skin. When I started to step forward to stop him, he drew away, gazing at the blood that trickled down the girl’s neck. The crimson liquid also dripped from his lips. “Don’t worry,” he began softly, as if he were speaking lovingly to the waitress. “I don’t kill my food. If I killed all the blood sacks living in this world, what would I eat?”
I was too stunned to respond. He hadn’t acknowledged my presence, but I knew he was speaking to me. He leaned down and began to drink from the girl’s neck once more. After several seconds, he pulled away again. “And I don’t like an audience.”
Snapping out of my daze I only nodded, not sure if he would see or not, since he wasn’t looking at me. Then I stepped back into the hall, letting the door close with a soft click.
I shook my head, hoping to clear the disturbing image, rushed back to the table and pulled my phone out of my pocket.
“Megan, are you okay?” Nate’s panicked voice came from the other end, after I dialed.
“I’m fine. I’m at the Orchid. He took me out for dinner.”
“He eats food?” he asked, shock clear in his voice.
“I don’t think so. He’s dining on the waitress right now.”
“Eww, is he killing her?”
“No.” Out of the corner of my eye I noticed the waitress step out of the corridor with Sebastian following her.
“Nate I have to go. I just wanted you to know I’m fine. He hasn’t hurt me.”
“And I won’t,” Sebastian assured me, from right next to me. The smell of rot entered my senses too late.
I froze with the phone in my hand.
He slid into his seat and waved his hand. “Continue.” The air of superiority in his voice was audible. I remembered the way Nate described Henry and realized it might not just be because Henry had been a royal, it was more likely that most or all vampires considered themselves above the rest of us.
“He says he won’t hurt me. I have to go.”
“Wait,” Nate called out in a panic.
I interrupted him, uncomfortable talking to him in front of my captor. “I’ll see you at the park. I promise, I’ll be fine.”
“I love you.” He sounded defeated.
“I love you too.” I hit the end button on my phone and slipped it back into the pocket of my pants.
The waitress was smiling at us and then she nodded. “Okay, I’ll be right back with your orders.”
As she walked away and headed into the kitchen I furrowed my brow at the man across from me. “What just happened?” It was as if the last few minutes hadn’t occurred. Like we had ordered and then she left. 
He smiled, his pale eyes bright with secrets. “She went to get your order.”
Again, I found myself shaking my head, confused and utterly out of my element with this vampire.
Deciding to let that go, I asked, “So is it true?” 
“Is what true?”
“The sun. Will it kill you?”
He rolled his eyes. “No.”
I looked around us to the section we were seated in, holding my hands up. “Then why the dark cave?”
“The sun won’t kill me, but I burn easy.” He grinned mischievously.
“Can you be any more vague?”
“I could, but I like you.”
His comment threw me and I forgot what I was going to ask next.
The waitress appeared right at that moment and placed our waters in front of us. I surveyed her neck looking for teeth marks, but found none. She looked fine and didn’t seem to know what had happened. She walked away and headed to another table where an older woman, that looked vaguely familiar, was seated across from a much younger man. She was rubbing the guy’s leg with her foot from under-the-table.
The candle between us flickered. “Did you do something to her? She doesn’t seem to remember you gnawing on her neck.”
He chuckled softly. “No, she doesn’t.”
“How?”
He shrugged again, rubbing his finger along the edge of the table. “I told you, I appreciate my privacy. I don’t like people to know my business.”
I opened my mouth to ask another question, but the hard look that crossed his face had me changing my mind. So I decided to change the subject. “Why did you take me?”
The corner of his lip turned up slightly. “Why did you come?”
“I didn’t have a choice. You forced me.”
He wagged his finger at me and shook his head. “No, I forced you out of the shelter, but you got in my car willingly.” He leaned his elbow up on the top of his chair. “And, when I left you alone to have my meal.” He smirked at the word he used to describe drinking blood from the waitress. “You followed me instead of trying to escape. I would say you are more of a guest than my prisoner.”
As much as I hated to admit it, he was right. For some reason I was intrigued with Sebastian. Not that I didn’t fear him, but he was such a contradiction and I found that interesting in anyone. When someone was easy to understand and a complete open book, it was a little boring. And I couldn’t help feel that his sadistic side might be for show. Although it didn’t matter why I hadn’t tried to get away, the point was that I was here now and I had to make the best of it. “Fine, I didn’t try and get away, but why did you take me in the first place? I thought you wanted Sadie.” My eyes widened. “Not that I want you to harm my friend. I’m just curious.”
“Don’t worry, I will have my chance with her. But I took you to tick off your mate. He has been asking around about me and I don’t like that.”
“Why?”
“Vampires don’t like people to even know we exist, much less asking about us. We don’t want to be found.”
“How did you know he was my mate?”
He shrugged. “Because he looked at you.”
“So?”
“Between all three werewolves in the hall, he chose you to look at.” He shrugged. “And I could smell him on you.”
I smirked at him, feeling strange sitting in a restaurant deep in a conversation with a vampire. But oddly, the fear that had arisen earlier had faded. If he wanted to kill or harm me, he would have already. Which was probably a big mistake, how could I feel this way when only minutes ago he was munching on someone’s neck?
“Why did you bring me here?”
“So we could eat.”
“Why didn’t you order anything?”
His brows rose. “I’m a vampire. I drink blood,” he whispered the words, knowing I would hear him.
Feeling the need to do something with my hands, I rubbed the condensation from my water glass and gazed around the room. The restaurant was still relatively empty, but an older couple had arrived and were now seated at the table Sebastian gave up. I could hear chatter and the clinking of dishes from the kitchen. “You don’t eat food?” I asked after a brief pause.
He shrugged. “I can, but blood tastes better.
“Then why did you want to go to a restaurant?”
His brow furrowed. “To eat,” he repeated, as though I was dumb. And then he grinned, showing his shiny white teeth. “It was quite satisfying.”
I tried to hide my disgust, but I was sure it showed on my face. I took a frustrated breath. “Couldn’t you get anyone off the street, why come here.
“I’m not uncivilized. Like any other person, when I’m hungry I go to a restaurant.” 
I could only stare at him blankly, at a loss for words.
“You know what they say about throwing stones.”
“I don’t drink blood.”
“No, you eat it. When you’re a wolf there is blood when you rip into a body.”
His words made me cringe. “None of my friends attack humans and I don’t even attack animals. I prefer my food cooked.”
He smirked, his eyes narrowed as if accessing me. “You don’t fool me. I’ve met a few werewolves in my time.” His face hardened and his eyes went pink, but he closed them before they could go blood red like I had seen earlier.
“I’m serious. I know what happened to you and your friends.” I froze when he opened his eyes and leveled his gaze on me. The look he gave me was deadly. I had to keep reminding myself that he was dangerous and not be fooled by his jovial manner. I gulped down the fear that had suddenly reappeared. I couldn’t show him how I felt. I had a feeling he wouldn’t respect that. “And while some werewolves kill, like I’m sure some vampires do, we don’t.” I hoped my tone sounded as firm as I had meant it to. I wanted him to understand; Sadie’s life depended on it. 
Sebastian leaned forward, his gaze boring into me. “Do you know where Miles is?”
I suddenly felt like I wanted to share all my secrets with him. “No. I’ve never met him. I just met Sadie a few weeks ago.”
He stared at me as if trying to decide if I was telling him the truth, but at that moment I couldn’t do otherwise. I would never lie to him. When he turned away from me, those thoughts disappeared. I would definitely lie to him if I had to. “Did you just do something to me?”
His face went blank. “Do what?”
“I don’t know, hypnotize me somehow?”
His lips turned upward into a lopsided smile. “I’m not a magician Megan, I’m a vampire.”
I was about to argue when the waitress came back with my food. Once she was gone I stabbed my beef and took a bite. “Miles didn’t attack you. You know that right. It was the man that turned him into a werewolf against his will. He was trying to make him kill like he did, but Miles refused.”
Sebastian took a sip of his water, making me wonder about his diet. But if I asked too many questions, he wouldn’t answer.
He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter. Every one of them has to die. They took away my friend and ruined his father. An eye for an eye.”
I stared at him, holding my fork in the air in front of me, baffled by his logic. “Your friend’s father was turned into a werewolf right?”
He nodded so slightly, I wasn’t sure if he had actually moved.
“So was Miles. He was just as much of a victim as your friend’s father. What was his name?”
“Isaiah. And my friends name was Aiden. They were my only family. My parents left me when I was a child.” His words were mumbled, like he didn’t want to speak them. I was actually surprised that he had answered me. He didn’t seem like the sharing type. 
I had the urge to ask him about the father, but that was for Nate to do, although I had a feeling that it was going to be difficult for Nate to get any information from him. “Miles was Sadie’s only family and from what I hear, he is a good man.”
A brow lifted over his eyes. “But you don’t know him.”
I shook my head. “No, I told you I just met Sadie. But from what they’ve said he was like Nate; and would never hurt anyone. They don’t kill humans. No one I know does. In fact we’ve had a few run-ins with werewolves who do and they’ve tried to hurt us.”
He studied me closely for several long seconds as if considering my words. When I started to get uncomfortable under his scrutiny, he spoke, “Eat up. It’s time to go.” His voice was hard and immovable. He had closed up. His moment of sharing was over and there was no way I was about to argue. I did what I was told and gobbled the rest of my food. When my plate was cleared, he paid the waitress and we left.




Chapter Twenty-Six
Baycroft Park

As the sun set in the sky, Sebastian pulled his car up to the park. The pink and orange streak’s peaked through the trees as we opened the doors to step out. Nate and Joe’s cars were already there, parked along the side of the road. The air was cooling down, a break from the sun’s hot rays from earlier.
Five figures stepped out of the trees and right away, I spotted Nate. His expression was tense as he looked me over, worried that Sebastian had hurt me. I smiled, hoping to reassure him. He was flanked by Joe, Adrian, Sadie and Lauren. All of them appeared to be ready to fight, each holding their individual stances.
“Ask your questions werewolf.” Sebastian’s voice was smooth and commanding as we walked to the center of the meadow that was situated next to the road. The scent of honeysuckle wafted in the air. He stopped about five feet from my friends and as I took a step toward Nate, the vampire reached up and gripped my arm.
“Let her go,” Nate growled, his deep snarl echoed through the trees.
Sebastian looked me over, his penetrating eyes held a hint of amusement and a small smile played at the edges of his lips. “I’m not sure I want to. I’ve grown rather attached to her during our short time together.”
Nate’s face hardened, his eyes flashed wild and yellow, his hands balled into fists at his sides. His expression was murderous. I was worried he would try to fight for me and after everything I had learned about Sebastian I wasn’t sure he would win. In fact, I was beginning to think he wouldn’t have a hope in hell.
I tried to yank my arm from the hand that held it, but met resistance. He was immovable, even with my heightened strength. He smirked at me, his eyes dancing with laughter. For some reason the fact that he found this situation amusing, sparked rage inside me and I reacted without thinking. He was too busy watching my face that he didn’t notice my free hand shoot up to his arm and I yanked. His pale blue eyes widened as I obviously took him off guard. Taking advantage of his surprise, I flipped him over my shoulder. He released my arm with the movement as he landed on the ground with a thud. Blades of grass curled around his head and body. I glared down at him. “Stop acting like an ass and let him ask you some questions.”
Instead of the rage I thought I would see on his face, his lips turned up at the corners. “I knew you were frisky. I like that.” He chuckled. “May I get up now?”
Suddenly, I was no longer alone. All of my friends stood around us, gazing yellow-eyed at the stunned vampire below me.
“Are you going to threaten to take my wife again?” Nate asked with obvious animosity in his voice.
Sebastian sat up and grinned wickedly. “I might, but for now she is safe.” He stood and glanced at my husband. “Ask your questions, I’m growing tired of this small-town and annoyed by the people in it.” He eyed us all as a group pointedly.
“Where can I find Isaiah King?” Nate finally asked.
Joe’s eyes widened, as he spun on Nate. “Who is that?”
Nate kept his focus on the vampire while he answered his friend. “I don’t know. I found his name in Charlotte’s jacket when I was burying her. I think it was what she was reaching for before you shot her.”
Joe’s face paled at the mention of his sister. He hated having to take her life. But he had thought she was reaching for a gun, so he had no choice. “Why are you trying to find him?”
Nate opened his mouth to answer, but Sebastian rolled his eyes and then cut him off. “Can you have your conversation when I leave?” He was speaking to Joe and then he turned to Nate. “What do you want with Isaiah?”
“I just want to meet him.”
Sebastian frowned, uncertainty flashed in his eyes as he appeared to struggle with his decision to tell Nate anything more. 
“Can you please just answer him?” I asked, hoping he would help my husband, since he had been almost kind to me at the restaurant. “He’s been searching for your friend for six months. It was a wild-goose chase until Sadie mentioned his last name when she told us about you.” 
Again, Joe’s mouth dropped open in shock, as he stared at Nate. It wasn’t like Nate to keep secrets from his best friend. Apparently, they weren’t as close as they thought they were if they both hadn’t been entirely truthful.
Sebastian’s pale eyes narrowed as he studied Nate. “Is this about the cure?” he asked.
Nate’s mouth dropped open and the expression on his face could only be interpreted as pure and utter shock. His look must have mirrored mine. “What cure?” Nate gasped.
Joe’s jaw clenched. Annoyance flickered over his features at Sebastian for saying those words. But, why? And what was Sebastian even talking about?
Sebastian shrugged. “Isaiah has been working to reverse the werewolf bite since he was turned. He found it fifteen years ago.”
Four werewolves gasped in succession. Nate stepped forward. “He can cure us?”
Again, Sebastian shrugged. “I don’t know much about it. Before he was turned he was a medical researcher. He has a lab and he spends all of his time in it. But I do know that he cured himself.”
“You guys don’t actually believe him do you?” Joe looked around our group, anger and frustration showing on his face. “He is a vampire, he can’t be trusted.”
Sebastian’s face darkened, the red veins returning to his eyes. “I assure you, what I said is true.” His jaw tightened as he stared at Joe. “Just because I drink blood to survive, doesn’t make me a liar.”
“It makes you a murderer,” Joe snapped back.
I sucked in a breath, knowing his remark could be his last. I had only known Sebastian for a few hours, but I could already tell that he could be deadly if necessary.
I was watching Sebastian to see how he would react, but he disappeared right before my eyes. He suddenly reappeared behind Joe. “No!” I yelled, knowing my friend was in danger. 
Sebastian grabbed Joe by the back of the neck and threw him into the air like he was tossing a ball. Joe slammed into an old oak tree with a thud, the tree shuddered and the leaves shook. When he landed onto the ground he was a russet wolf. He stood on all fours baring his sharp teeth, letting out a menacing growl that echoed into the night sky. In a flash, he dove into the air at the vampire.
Sebastian leapt up to meet him. They flew at each other, falling onto the ground. Snarls and growls rang out as they struggled on the thick grass below them. Their fight seemed to go on forever, with Joe snarling so loudly it echoed in my ears. 
Since we were focussed on the fight in front of us no one noticed Lauren take off her clothes until she dove into the air, her fur sprouting all over her body within seconds.
Nate jumped in front of her and caught her just before she landed in front of the fighting men. She snapped at his arms and when his grip still remained tight, she went for his throat. I rushed forward to try and help, but Adrian grabbed my arm. “It’s okay, Nate has her.”
And he did, I don’t know how he avoided her teeth, but he had her down on the ground with his hands around her neck. She was snapping at him, but she couldn’t reach his arms. I should have been upset with her for attacking my husband, but I knew that at that moment all her wolf could focus on was helping her mate. “Calm down, Lauren. I won’t let you be harmed.” Nate’s voice was deep and commanding. The wolf relaxed and laid her head down on the grass. Nate let up on his grip and she dove around him racing toward the two fighting men. Adrian joined Nate rushing after her. They caught her just as Joe went for Sebastian’s throat. They all froze, including Lauren. 
I sucked in a panicked breath. If Joe succeeded in killing the vampire, we would never know anything more about the cure. I shouldn’t have been worried though. Sebastian moved out of the way and reached out, grabbing Joe’s fur, tossing him into the air again. A yelp escaped the wolf as he landed on a rock. This time he stayed down. “Have respect when you speak to me wolf-boy or the next time will be your last.” Sebastian had no marks on his face or arms after the fight he had just taken part of, he didn’t even appear winded.
Sebastian sauntered back to stand in front of us while Nate let Lauren go. When she reached Joe’s still form she changed back to human and leaned over to make sure he was okay. Sadie grabbed Lauren’s clothes and brought them over to her.
“Does anyone else have a problem with me?” Sebastian asked, as I watched behind him. Lauren quickly put her clothes back on and Sadie returned to Adrian’s side. Sebastian’s voice sounded calm, but his hand shook. As I gazed at it, he put it behind him. He could act as tough as he wanted, but I knew he was affected by what had just occurred. 
Besides the low threatening rumble that erupted from Adrian’s chest, the rest of us just stood silently as Nate stepped forward. “Was that necessary?” he asked sternly, nodding his head in Joe’s direction.
Sebastian lifted a shoulder lazily. “I think so.”
“He’s okay,” Lauren called out, glaring daggers at the vampire in front of us. Joe stood up on all fours and whimpered as he licked a cut on his hind leg that was dripping blood.
“See, all is well.” Sebastian looked in my direction and winked. “Are you sure you don’t want to come with me Meg?” he asked with a sly grin as if he didn’t just attack a friend of mine.
“Um… yes. I’m sure.” Despite his recent actions, I couldn’t help but feel that he wasn’t as evil as he pretended to be. Besides, it wouldn’t have happened if Joe hadn’t pushed him. What was he thinking, pissing off a vampire like that? “But when you’re in this neck of the woods and don’t want to hurt anyone,” I added meaningfully, glancing at Joe in his wolf form. “Look me up.”
Sebastian smiled, his whole face lighting up. “I just might take you up on that.” He paused, glancing from me to Sadie. “Tell Miles he is safe from me. I no longer have the urge for revenge. Everyone responsible for Aiden’s death has paid the price.” With that, he turned away from us and disappeared. Not literally, he just moved so fast we couldn’t see him. He reappeared next to his car and opened the door. “Besides,” he began. “He saved my life.” That was all he said before bending down to enter the car. Sadie and I exchanged confused glances.
“Wait!” Nate called out, walking toward him. “How can I find Isaiah?” Sebastian froze and stood back up.
I moved toward Nate and slipped my hand in his. His warmth grounded me. The whole day had been crazy, as if it had happened to someone else, but just being back with my mate made me feel so much better. I could conquer the world with him by my side.
Sebastian glanced at me and then Nate. He puffed out a breath, as if making a decision. Then he leaned in the car for a few moments before handing Nate a piece of paper. “I haven’t spoken to him in years, but he has two places; a house and a cabin.” He handed Nate the paper and climbed in. “Until we meet again, Megan,” he called over his shoulder as he spun away, gravel flicking out from under his tires as we stared, speechless at the back of the vehicle.
Adrian and Sadie joined us, all of them gazing at the paper in Nate’s hand.
“Is there really a cure?” Sadie asked breathlessly.
“That’s what he said,” I answered, just as shocked and stunned as she was. For some reason, I couldn’t look away from the paper. They were just a bunch of words, but they held so much meaning.
“How could you have brought a vampire here Nate? What were you thinking?” Joe’s hard voice brought us all out of our daze. He was back in human form and wearing Lauren’s hoodie. They had moved to his car and he was opening his trunk to pull out his extra clothes.
“I didn’t think he’d come here.”
“That’s the problem Nate, you didn’t think!” Joe bellowed. “You put all of us in danger including the one person you claim to love the most, for your own selfish reasons. He took your mate and you don’t even look like you care.” 
“That’s enough!” I interrupted. I knew Nate felt guilty for what happened to me earlier. I had seen it in his face as I was taken from the shelter and I could hear it in his voice when I called from the restaurant; but all of that guilt disappeared the minute we heard about the cure. I was safe, back with my husband and there was a chance for him to make it up to me for everything. 
Joe stared at Nate, ignoring me.
Nate’s face was hard, but his eyes were clouding with guilt. “I just wanted to talk to him, I had no idea he would come here.” Nate replied, as we began walking to his vehicle. “But you shouldn’t have pushed him.”
Joe’s eyes locked with Nate’s for a quick second as if he was going to argue, but instead, he only nodded slightly. “We should go before he comes back.”
As we approached Nate’s car, he handed the paper to me. I folded it up carefully and placed it into the pocket of my jeans, tapping the material to make sure it was still there. Nothing was as important as the contents of that paper. If there was even a chance to be human again, we had to take this seriously. 
Adrian and Sadie lingered behind us. I watched them as Adrian reached up and tucked a strand of dark hair behind Sadie’s ear. “I’m glad you’re safe,” he said softly.” I was so absorbed in my two friend’s interaction, that I didn’t notice Lauren and Joe get in his car until they were driving away.
“Meg, I think they need some privacy,” Nate suggested.
“Oh right,” I mumbled, closing the distance between us. Nate had been holding the passenger side door open, waiting for me. I slipped inside, still watching my friends. They were holding hands now and walking toward us.
Once we were all loaded, Nate started the car and drove away. I gazed out at the scenery thinking about my first run-in with a vampire. Although, at times I was scared out of my mind and he definitely had a frightening streak, I couldn’t help think that he had a good side just waiting for the right person to bring it out in him.
I felt the warmth of Nate’s hand on my thigh and turned to face him. He was smiling. Despite, his need to find Isaiah there was no way he could have predicted this outcome. It was an unexpected twist that could alter the rest of our lives. Maybe it was these thoughts that prompted me to pull the paper out again, but as Nate drove us home and Adrian and Sadie murmured in the backseat, I read and reread the address. 
The news of the cure was more than we could have hoped for when Nate began his search and I couldn’t help but feel that our lives were about to change. How, I wasn’t sure, but I knew that Nate could not let this go. This was his chance to make it up to me for what he had done. This was his chance to become the man he once was. 
He was not meant for this life.

 

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Loose Ends

For the third time in the last few months, Nate and I prepared for a trip. This time the trip could change our life. It had been two days since Sebastian had dropped his bombshell on us and we felt obligated to find out more about it. We hadn’t really talked about the possibility of being human again. Instead we focussed on finding the man for informational purposes. We hadn’t discussed it with our friends either, except to tell them about our trip and to ask if they wanted to join us. Sadie and Adrian were all for it, but Joe had only agreed to save us from ourselves. He didn’t trust Sebastian and was worried that we were walking into some kind of trap. He said that for all we knew, we could be walking into a hungry vampire hive. Lauren was on the fence about the trip as well, but I think only because she felt torn between Joe and Nate. Just when they were beginning to get along again, there was tension between them. I understood her apprehension because I felt it as well. I just wanted everything to be the way it used to be. I was finally in a good place, where I was happy and content and okay with who I was. I wanted the same feeling of peace for all of my friends.
The morning we were to set to begin our journey, I called my mom and Mona to let them know we were going on a trip. I told them where, but obviously not why. Mona wished me farewell and made a few jokes; while my mom told me to make sure I had plenty of outfits. That was how she showed her love, which was fine now that I knew how she truly felt.
Nate and I went to our perspective workplaces to check in before our departure. Julia had come to terms with my upcoming absence since it was becoming a regular occurrence. I had hired temps for me and Sadie so they wouldn’t be shorthanded. We couldn’t afford to be with the new wing and additional residents. 
“I’m so sorry I have to leave again, Julia,” I said again, as I stood at the door of the shelter. Briefcase in hand, I was ready to leave.
“Don’t be, we’re covered here. I can’t possibly be annoyed at you after everything you’ve done for the shelter.”
The smile that tugged at my lips could not be stopped. I was proud of what I had accomplished here and wondered how my life would have turned out if I hadn’t been involved with that fire over a year ago. So much good had happened from something so horrible. “Fun Day was awesome wasn’t it?” I asked. The shelter was abuzz with chatter about how much everyone had enjoyed themselves. It was exactly what the residents needed. Despite my disappearance, which Nate had explained away by making the excuse that I was sick, the day had otherwise gone smoothly. We had decided to make it an annual event.
“It was. But now we’re back to business and I have to get some orders out. Have a good trip, wherever you’re going.”
I was a little vague when I told her about the trip, only expressing that it was unavoidable. I gave her a quick hug and was on my way.
The drive home went quickly. It was midmorning and most people were either at work or out and about, enjoying the sunny, summer weather.
At the last stop sign before home I waited for a group of preschoolers, all holding on to a rope, with an adult at each end. They must have been heading to the nearby park. A little girl in the middle, with long blond curly locks had me thinking of the future. Would I be able to have children with Nate and give him his own blond-haired daughter? Or was it out of the question, as long as I was a werewolf. I had asked Nate that question a few months after he proposed and he couldn’t answer me. No werewolf he knew had ever gotten pregnant. And he had never asked Stephen, the leader of the nearby pack, if it was possible. There was never a need to.
I could tell the conversation upset him. It was another reason for him to feel guilty for turning me into a werewolf and since I had fully forgiven him, I dropped the discussion and hadn’t brought it up again. I hated the sadness and guilt in his eyes and would do anything to take it away. So since then I pushed the thoughts away. But now, with our upcoming trip, I couldn’t help but wonder if it would be possible. Would this Isaiah be able to cure us like he had himself or would he turn us away? Just because he had the cure didn’t mean he was willing to share.
As I pulled into the tiny laneway that would lead to the cottage, I spotted Joe’s silver car driving towards me. I moved to the side to let him by. “I think Nate is at the store,” I explained when I rolled the window down. The air was dense with humidity, so I was taking advantage of the car’s air-conditioner.
After doing the same thing, he leaned out his open window. “I know. I stopped by, but when I saw he was gone, I went to talk to Adrian. I was thinking of adding on to the pool house.” He and Lauren were still staying there and now that school was out, they were planning to make their stay permanent. Lauren would be returning to school in September, but she would visit often.
“I’ll bet Lauren will be happy with that. She said things were kind of cramped.”
He nodded. “It is. How many clothes does one person need?” he asked with obvious love in his eyes for the girl he mocked.
I laughed. She was the least materialistic girl that I knew, but she did have a lot of clothes. I lifted my foot off of the break slowly, my car moving forward a hair. “I’ll see you later?”
He saluted me, his face hardening as he rolled up the window. Obviously he wasn’t at all happy about our upcoming trip. I frowned as I drove the rest of the way to the cottage. Since we were renting an SUV with six seats to accommodate everyone, I predicted it was going to be a long trip.

When I returned home, I packed. I didn’t know what to take or how much. Everything about this trip was unknown; there wasn’t really a way to be prepared. I packed pants, sweaters as well as shorts and t-shirts. Hiking boots and sandals were the last items I tossed in. There I thought, that should cover the weather; but without knowing what to expect when we arrived, that was all I could do.
When Nate arrived a half hour later, he rushed into the room to pack his own suitcase.
“It’s gone!” Nate roared from the bedroom a few minutes later.
I was leaning back on the sofa flicking through a magazine as I waited for him. We were supposed to meet the rest of our group at the main house soon.
I sat up straight and tossed the magazine onto the coffee table. It landed on the surface with a splat.
Nate barrelled out of the room pulling his suitcase behind him, his facial features hard, his eyes yellow and wild. “Did you take Isaiah’s addresses out of my pocket?” I had given him the paper back the night we returned from our incident with Sebastian.
I frowned, standing up and shoving my hands in the pocket of my jean shorts. “No. I haven’t seen it since I gave it back to you.”
“I left it in the pants I was wearing. But I just looked and it’s gone.” His face shadowed with both anger and frustration, as he ran his hand roughly through his blond tousled hair. “How could I have been so careless?” His fist hardened and swung out as if to hit the wall, but stopped himself. “I can’t believe I lost the last chance I had to make up for what I did to you.” His voice was sad and filled with sorrow.
The misery in his tone tore at my heart. I moved toward him and enveloped him in my arms, breathing in his leather and pine scent. “Stop torturing yourself over that. I have forgiven you.”
He pulled away and gazed into my eyes. His were back to their natural color. “I’m tired of you forgiving me. Of putting you in situations that make you have to. I just want to be the man that you see in me.”
I reached up and brushed his hair from his forehead. “You are that man.”
“No, I’m not. That man wouldn’t have lost the address or allowed a vampire to kidnap you. That man wouldn’t have bitten you in the first place.”
I gazed back at him matching his intensity. And then I grinned. “Who cares if you lost the address?”
His brows pinched in the center, confusion flashing over his features. “I do. Didn’t you hear a word I said?”
I nodded. “Yes, you want to make it up to me for biting me and be the man I see in you; blah, blah, blah.”
His eyes hardened. “I can’t believe you’re trivializing this, like it’s no big deal.”
“It is no big deal,” I reassured him, leaning forward and placing my lips on his. When I tried to kiss him, his lips refused to move against mine. “I’ll just write it out again.” I said the words against his mouth, gazing into his eyes. I watched as what I said sunk in. 
He pulled away and stared at me, a lined etched in his forehead. “What do you mean?” he asked carefully.
“I memorized it on the way home that night.” When his eyes widened in surprise, I asked. “Didn’t you see me staring at it?”
He lifted a shoulder. “Yes, but I just thought you were in shock about the cure.”
“I was and that was why I read it over and over. I couldn’t believe what we had just heard and reading it repeatedly helped me accept it.”
His eyes narrowed at me. “Have you accepted it? Do you want to be cured and be human again?” There it was. The big question we had been avoiding for a day and a half. 
I leaned back on the balls of my feet, thinking over his question. “I don’t know. Do you?”
He eyed me apprehensively. “I’m afraid to say. I don’t want to influence your decision. I know you objected to being a werewolf at first, but since you’ve forgiven me, you’ve been so happy.”
I inhaled and exhaled slowly. This was such a huge decision for us and it would affect the rest of our lives. “On the count of three, we’ll say what we want together. Okay?” When he nodded, I began the count. “One, two…three.”
“I want to be human,” we both said at the same time. His face lit up with happiness when he took in my words. 
“Do you really think there is a chance?” I asked.
He grinned. “If you remember the address, anything is possible. I believe Sebastian.” He tightened his arms around me; his hot breath tickled my cheek. “Do you?”
“Yes, I do. Like he said, just because he needs blood to survive doesn’t make him a liar.”
“I agree.” He leaned into kiss me. At first it was just a touch of his lips and then he took it further, the emotion over our declaration underlining the kiss.
After a few moments we pulled apart. “Are you ready?”
I nodded. “For anything.”
He grinned again as he picked up our suitcases, heading to the front door.”




Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Journey

“I still think this is a trap.” Joe repeated for the third time since we had left the Riley Estate two hours ago. We were all crammed into the SUV heading to Virginia. That was where Isaiah lived and if he wasn’t there we’d be driving the rest of the way to North Carolina. The second address on the paper was for a cabin in the Appalachian Mountains. “By this time tomorrow we’ll probably be some vamp’s chew toy.”
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at his words. He had been surly since we left. Complaining about leaving his job for a wild-goose chase and for getting all of our hopes up when it was obviously a lie. “There is no cure” he had said many times and frankly he was beginning to annoy me. Maybe there wasn’t, but we couldn’t ignore the possibility.
“Whose idea was it to bring Debbie Downer back there?” Adrian mumbled, which made me smirk. From the rear-view mirror, I saw him spin around in his seat to glare at Joe. “Could you give it a rest? Some of us are looking forward to this trip; cure or no cure.” I turned to glance at Adrian and smiled. He was holding hands with Sadie and she was gazing out the window at the scenery that passed by.
As if she could sense me staring, she looked my way. My eyes flicked to their joined hands and back to her. She grinned, winked and gave me a shrug. I knew things had been different between them since Sebastian threatened to take her, but I was still surprised at their PDA. It must have taken the fear of losing her to wake Adrian up. If I knew that would have happened, I would have found a way to threaten her life before.
Joe’s face smoothed out a little. The scowl that had been a permanent fixture since we left, washed away. “I’m sorry guys, you’re right. It would be nice to see the mountains, no matter what happens.”
Lauren grinned and leaned toward him, touching her lips to his. She must have been relieved that he was finally willing to keep his negative thoughts to himself. The tension between Nate and Joe was at an all-time high. Joe was still angry at Nate for putting us all at risk for his own curiosity and Nate felt guilty about Sebastian’s visit, but was annoyed by Joe’s constant warnings. 
We stopped for lunch and dinner and quite a few bathroom breaks, because Lauren kept downing flavored water like she’d been in the desert for months. The chitchat was low, but the music that Lauren insisted on listening to was beginning to give me a headache. It was some new band she had seen play at Manic and they obviously enjoyed their guitar riffs. There was plenty of them and really loud. By the time we made it to Richmond I was willing to grovel to get out of the car.
“Are you sure this is the address Meg?” Nate asked, after he had knocked on the large wooden front door for the fourth time. 
We were all gathered on a cement patio in front of a large red-brick, two story house. There were no cars in the driveway and when Adrian checked the oversized shed in the backyard, it was also empty.
“Yes, I’m sure. He must not be here.” I glanced around the group. “Should we stop for the night and then head to his cabin?”
They all agreed. No one was in the mood for much more driving. It had been a long day. It would have been a lot faster if we flew, but for some reason Joe wanted to drive. He must have wanted to prolong those nasty vamps gnawing on his neck for as long as he could. No matter what we said, he was still convinced that Sebastian was lying. 
We found a hotel and rented three rooms. I couldn’t stop smiling when I saw Adrian and Sadie ducking into theirs.
Nate laid a map out on the table as I sipped a soda I had gotten from the vending machine. The cold bubbles tingled on my tongue as it flowed down my throat. It was refreshing after the long hot car ride.
“This is a map of the mountains and according to the coordinates you gave me, this,” Nate began, jabbing his finger at a squiggly line on the paper. “Is where the cabin is.”
I leaned down to read the longitude and latitude. “Yep. That’s it.” I squinted at the map, bothered by what I saw. “How do we get there from the main road?”
Nate sighed, a smile playing at his lips. “It looks like we hike.”
I felt my eyes widen. “Hike? That looks far.”
He nodded sharply. “Two miles.”
I groaned, as I fell into the small sofa in the corner of the room, the springs screeched at my sudden weight. “Oh, great,” I grumbled. “That sounds like fun.” I had never been much of an outdoors-girl, the one thing I had in common with my mom. When I was little my grandfather took us camping once. Conveniently, my father had to work, so it was us girls and my grandpa. It didn’t go well. It’s not like we were roughing it under the stars or even in a tent. We had a large, luxurious trailer, but even with all the amenities there were still bugs and those darn mosquitos drove me crazy. After only a day of mine and my mother’s whining, our trip ended suddenly. 
So needless to say, I wasn’t looking forward to tomorrow. 

The next morning we found ourselves driving down a main road and according to the map, we had to turn onto a small lane that was little more than a dirt trail. About two miles into the trek, the road turned upward and the twist and turns were making me a tad nervous. With my eyes closed we drove the rest of the way up the mountain until the road ended. We stopped at a small driveway at the edge of the forest, where a few vehicles were already parked. A small, steel sided garage with a padlock sat against a rock face.
“Are we sure about this?” Lauren asked as we climbed out of the SUV. 
Each of us were wearing hiking boots, jeans and sweaters, with t-shits underneath. We carried backpacks that were loaded with provisions that we would need. I was told that the hike would take a few hours and with the bright hot sun, we were well stocked with bottled water. We had left Virginia at five this morning and had made good time, but by midmorning the sun was out, baking down on us. “Everyone ready?” Nate asked, holding his hand out for me to take. I slid my fingers through his and let him lead me to a well-worn trail. Since Nate held the map, we took the lead. 
Thankfully the trail ran under a canopy of trees that provided shade, unfortunately with trees and plant life also meant bugs and mosquitoes. I was thankful for the long sleeves, no matter how hot it made me. We all had sprayed ourselves with repellant, but it didn’t seem to be working.
About an hour into the hike, I had fallen behind. Joe was walking with Nate and by the looks of it there was nothing but awkward silence between them. Lauren and Sadie were singing camp songs behind them and Adrian had fallen into step with me. For some reason, he was smiling.
“What’s with the grin?” I asked, as I swat at a mosquito for the hundredth time it buzzed in my ear. “This situation does not call for smiling.”
He chuckled softly. “I think it does. I love hiking. I used to do it all the time before I was turned. My friend and I went out on weekends when we were in college.” 
I scowled at him. “I don’t see the point.”
He pointed past me as we emerged through the trees, into a clearing. “That’s the point.” 
I turned my head to see what he was talking about and gasped. Sprawling green hills of the mountain were spread before us as far as we could see. It was breathtaking. The lush grass that covered the ground was such a bright green it almost looked fake. We were not quite at the top of the mountain, but from our vantage point we could see it, along with a multitude of hills, plateaus and valleys. The contrast of the white and gray mountains and vibrant green of the plant life literally took my breath away. The sounds of birds twittering in the trees above us only added to the imagery. I was speechless as I stood along the cliff and gaped at the view below me.
Adrian was right; this scene was definitely worth it. Regardless if we found a cure or not, I was glad to have come on this journey, I knew it was a once in a lifetime experience. The others had also stopped and were frozen as they took in the beautiful view. 
“Wow,” I heard Lauren breathe.
Adrian smiled down at me, the sun glistening off of his white teeth, almost blinding me. “I told you.”
“Fine. You were right,” I admitted, as we began the trek once more. “But the walking for hours part, I can do without.”
“You’re a werewolf now; you’re not tired are you?”
I wasn’t. But I felt like I should be. I was human a lot longer than I had been a werewolf, so sometimes I reacted how I would have before I was turned. And anything nature related brought out the whiny child in me. Maybe one day I’d get used to being different or maybe after our visit with Isaiah King, I wouldn’t have to.
Instead of answering his question, I asked him one of my own. “Do you want to be human Adrian?”
He glanced at me thoughtfully and turned to Sadie, gazing at her for several seconds before he spoke. “I’m not sure.”
“I thought you hated being a werewolf.” I stopped and leaned on a nearby tree to lift my leg, the rough bark dug into my palm. There was a rock in my shoe and had been for a while, I had finally had enough. I yanked the shoe off and the pebble rolled out, disappearing into the grass below me. Adrian was waiting up ahead and when I put my shoe back on I joined him. He was grinning down at me, laughter dancing in his eyes.
When I slugged his shoulder, he answered my question. “I do. But now that I found Sadie.” I narrowed my eyes at him. “Yes, now that I’ve let myself have feelings for her I’m happier than I’ve been in ten years. I’m afraid if we turn human we won’t feel the same.”
It was like he had pulled the rug out from under me; I hadn’t thought of that. Would Nate and I love each other if we weren’t werewolves?
He must have noticed that his words had affected me, because his eyes turned sympathetic. “I’m sure you’d be fine. You fell for him before you were turned.”
I hated the ball of dread that had grown in the pit of my stomach. “Yeah, but he wasn’t. And it was the wolf in him that led him to me. What if that all goes away?” My words were a whisper. I didn’t want Nate to hear. We had just admitted our feelings about the cure and I didn’t want to influence him.
“I’m sorry for bringing up my doubts Meg. But I know you have nothing to fear. You’ve been together for over a year; Sadie and I just started. That’s what I meant.”
It was true that our relationship was more solid than theirs, but I couldn’t help the nibble of doubt his words had created. Since my mood had plummeted in mere seconds, I decided a subject change was in order. “So, how did it happen anyway?” I asked as the trail veered out around a large boulder.
“When we got back to the estate after Sebastian left, I asked Sadie to come over so we could talk.”
I knew that part. She had left with him and hadn’t returned except to pack her clothes yesterday morning.
“I’m happy for you. Are you going to tell Marisa?” Marisa had been at a friend’s house. She had met her through Nathan and they became close right away.
He nodded. “Yes. And Sadie will be moving into the spare room when we get back.” 
I knew that her clothes were already at the carriage house so there wasn’t much to move. A wide grin spread over my face replacing the previous frown from earlier. “Why the spare room?”
“It just happened. It’s a little early to live together, especially since Marisa is there.”
Thankfully, Nate and I didn’t have an obstacle like a younger sister when we met. I basically moved in shortly after we got together. It was so he could protect me, but when the danger was over I stayed with him.
“I’m so happy for you,” I gushed, reaching out to pat his shoulder. Since my hand was already in position, I swung at a mosquito that was hovering around his face. A brow rose over his eye at my arm flailing in front of him. I just laughed. 
We grew quiet for a while as we took in the scenes around us. There was so much green that the pop of color from a patch of vibrant red flowers we passed was almost shocking. When we approached a lookout bridge, we took turns peering through the looking glass. On the other side of the bridge the terrain got a little rough. The ground was uneven and rocky, with roots, undergrowth and patches of thistles hindering our hike.
As we came up to a small pond, I remembered what Joe had said yesterday morning. “I hear you’re going to do a remodel for Lauren and Joe at the pool house,” I said, bumping my hip against his. A bird screeched above as it whooshed past us. 
His brow creased. “Not that I know of.”
Now it was my turn to look confused. “Joe told me that he went to see you yesterday morning and asked you to add on to it.”
He shook his head, his face scrunched up in confusion. “Nope, I never saw him. And I was home all morning packing and talking on the phone to Will making arrangements for Marisa to stay there.”
I gazed ahead of us to where Joe and Lauren were walking hand in hand. Sadie had joined Nate and they were talking as Nate looked at the map. His hair fluttered in his eyes, courtesy of a gust of wind. “Huh. That’s weird. Why did he say that then?”
Again, Adrian lifted a shoulder. “Beats me. You know him better than I do.”
Before I could ask anything more, Nate called out that it was time to take a break.
We settled on the grass next to the water. Nate sat next to me while Sadie leaned against a rock on the other side. We hadn’t had a lot of time to talk since we met Sebastian. “Are you relieved that you don’t have to look over your shoulder anymore?” I asked her.
She turned to face me, a barbeque chip poised in front of her mouth. “What do you mean?”
“From Sebastian. He said he no longer wished to take revenge. Did you tell Miles?”
She grinned, relief flashing in her dark chocolate eyes. “Yes. And he was very surprised to hear from me.” Miles had thought Sadie was dead just as Nate had. They had mourned together after Nate had tracked him down. “And I think I have you to thank for that.” 
“Yeah Meg. You haven’t told us yet what happened when Sebastian took you,” Adrian said, leaning over his mate.
I had related everything to Nate the night it happened, but I hadn’t had the chance to explain it to the rest of our group: the news of the cure had overshadowed everything else. I took a swig of water, as a swallow screeched overhead. With everyone’s eyes on me, I told them everything that had happened from the moment Sebastian had whisked me out of the shelter.
“So, you did talk him out of taking me,” Sadie commented when I finished.
“I don’t know about that. But I’m glad he didn’t.” I winked at her and she smiled back.
“Aren’t you worried that he’s formed an attachment to her, Nate?” Joe asked. His face hard, his eyes tense.
Nate sighed. “No Joe. I’m not. He didn’t hurt her and brought her back to us just like he said he would. That makes me believe we can trust him.”
Joe scoffed. “You can’t trust a vampire.” The fact that he was so adamant about his words made me wonder if he once had some kind of confrontation with a vampire, despite the fact that he said he hadn’t. It was the only reason I could think of for him to act this way. Joe had been different for the last month. He was usually so funny and easygoing. I wondered what was going on with him, was it more than just his issues with Nate?
Everyone went silent, their eyes diverted from the two men speaking. Nate’s face lit up like he was going to argue, until he noticed the strain on Lauren’s face. The tension between them was upsetting her.
“I wonder what he meant though before he got in his car?” Sadie murmured, almost to herself.
“Who?” Adrian asked her.
Sadie glanced up at us, surprised that we were looking at her. “Uh.. Sebastian. He said he wouldn’t go after Miles anymore and then he said besides he saved my life.”
Now that she mentioned it, he did say that. I had forgotten all about it, once he gave us the addresses and a means to find a cure, I could think of nothing else. “That’s right, he did say that.” My lips twitched as a thought popped in my head. “Why don’t you call him up and ask what he meant.”
Sadie’s face went blank. “No thanks”
“Were you scared Meg?” Lauren asked me.
“I wasn’t with him that long, but yeah, I was a few times. Sebastian can be terrifying, but he also showed me glimpses of a kind person. And by the time we left the restaurant I didn’t fear him. I wouldn’t say I was comfortable, but I wasn’t afraid.”
The group fell silent, as they processed my words.
“We should probably keep going,” Nate finally said, breaking into the quiet.
When everyone agreed, we headed back to the trail. I stayed with Nate this time, but Lauren was right behind me and we were discussing our friends Lilly and Allison. Lilly was still working at the shelter, but would be going to college full-time in September. She had taken a photography class and she was hooked. Allison was home for the summer and was actually still dating the guy she brought to my wedding. They met a month ago and she still seemed smitten. That was a record for her.
Just as Adrian suggested we sing Ninety-Nine Bottles of Beer on the Wall, we turned a corner in the trail and emerged into what appeared to be a lawn. The structure in front of it looked more like a warehouse than a cabin. Before we could move forward or speak, we heard the sound of a shotgun being pumped. Chk chk. “This is private property.” A gruff voice called out from the side of the building. “And this is loaded with silver buckshot.”



Chapter Twenty-Nine
Isaiah

One thought ran through my mind as we stood frozen with a gun pointed at us. How did he know we were werewolves? This person who was speaking was a human. I could smell his scent along with old spice and spearmint.
Nate took a few steps forward, prompting the barrel of the gun to peek out from the side of the structure. The sun’s rays shone along the long black metal.
“Don’t take another step or you’ll be picking silver pellets out of your fur until the next full moon.”
I flinched at his words. The thought of Nate wounded brought a sharp pain to my heart.
“Are you Isaiah King?” Nate asked, ignoring the man’s threat.
“That depends on what you want.” The man remained hidden, but the gun was steady in his hand.
“Sebastian told me where to find you. I just have a few questions.”
“That’s lie number one. Sebastian hates werewolves and he wouldn’t tell anyone where to find me.”
“Call him if you want, because he did. Otherwise, how would we know where you were?”
There was a brief silence before I heard shuffling in the long grass and then the man came into view. It wasn’t just his voice that was gruff. He was tall, over six feet and almost as wide. His hair was brown with streaks of gray throughout. Salt and pepper colored stubble covered his leathery, tanned jaw and cheeks. His hair was long and pulled back with a thick band. I knew he had once been a werewolf, but he reminded me more of a bear.
Isaiah aimed the gun at Nate’s heart. “Then you must have tortured him, because he wouldn’t tell you otherwise.”
I stepped forward. Adrian held my arm, keeping me from protecting my mate. I fought the urge to fight him off and waited. Nate was still calm, standing relaxed in front of the burly man. 
Nate shook his head. “I promise you we didn’t torture him. He is safe, wherever he is. He came to my hometown after I asked a friend if he knew him.”
Isaiah pushed the gun forward, the barrel pointing right between Nate’s eyes. “Who is your friend?”
Nate hesitated, his lips pressed firmly together. He didn’t want to tell him this information. Henry was so secretive. “He is the same species as Sebastian and I would like to keep his name to myself. He values his privacy.”
Surprisingly, Isaiah chuckled, a raspy rumble that fit his appearance. “Afraid of him are you?” He laughed again. “That’s okay, I don’t blame you.” He dropped the gun and it hung from his hand, pointing to the ground. “I’ll admit, Sebastian’s had me wondering a time or two.”
He stepped forward, closing the gap between them. “If he really did send you, then I guess I can trust you.” He held out his hand. “Isaiah King.”
Nate took his hand and shook. “Nathaniel Riley.” His full name sounded strange to my ears. I had only heard it used once from Will and when I read it in his family’s letters. 
Isaiah nodded, dropping Nate’s hand and looked up at the rest of us expectantly.
“Oh right,” Nate said, as if just remembering our presence. “This is my wife, Megan,” he gestured to me with his hand. “And our friends: Adrian, Sadie, Joe and Lauren.” We all nodded as our names were announced.
The bearlike man’s head snapped back to Sadie after Nate had introduced her. His dark eyes stared at her until Nate stopped speaking. “Sadie? The werewolf that Sebastian was looking for?”
Sadie nodded and stepped up beside Nate. “Yes, but Sebastian has decided to let go of his vendetta and let my friend be.”
A line formed between Isaiah’s brows. “That doesn’t sound like Sebastian. I’ve been begging him to let it go for years, but he wouldn’t listen.”
Now it was my turn to step forward and when I did, I placed my hand in Nate’s for comfort. “I talked to him and explained Miles’ side of the story. Miles had been turned by the same people who bit you. He was as much a victim as you were. He didn’t attack anyone.”
Sorrow flashed over the burly man’s face and I instantly regretted my words. “I don’t like to think of that night.” His voice was a rough whisper.
“I’m sorry and I understand how you feel. I know you lost a lot that night. My husband also lost a friend when he was turned. He hasn’t been able to forgive himself since.” I stared at Nate. He smiled sadly, returning my gaze. I looked back at Isaiah and continued, “But when Sebastian realized he was wrong, he let Sadie go and told her he wouldn’t pursue either of them again.”
Isaiah gulped visibly and nodded slowly. “What do you want?” he asked, staring at Nate. The hostility from his eyes was gone. 
“I’d like to ask you about the cure?”
The man’s face hardened again. “So you can destroy it like that red-head tried to do?”
Nate sucked in a breath and I gasped. “Charlotte?” 
Isaiah nodded. “That was her name.”
Nate spun around to face Joe. I did the same.
Joe was staring hatefully at Isaiah. “Watch what you say about the dead.”
The man in front of us smirked, showing no remorse. “I’ll admit, I’m not sad to hear that. How did you know her?”
“She was my sister.”
Isaiah narrowed his eyes, lines deepened at the corners, scrutinizing Joe. “Have we met before? She had a couple werewolves with her.”
Joe’s face tensed, his eyes turning to ice. “No. Before six months ago, I hadn’t seen her in a long time.”
Isaiah kept his imploring stare for several seconds before turning to Nate. “What are your intentions with the cure?”
Nate shrugged. “For now, only to learn more about it.”
Isaiah’s face softened as much as his leathery skin could. “Then come on in. I’ll make some tea.” Given his paranoid behavior and his bearlike appearance, I was shocked by his words. Tea? Not what I would have thought he would suggest. Beer or hard liquor maybe, but definitely not that.
We all filed into the door he held open with one hand, the gun still gripped tightly in the other.
Despite its warehouse appearance, the inside of the cabin was surprisingly homey. The building was like one big loft, but there were removable walls separating the rooms. The entry opened up into a living room area, with a small TV, couch and arm chair all situated around a colorful woven area rug. Beyond that I could see a small kitchen. The air smelled of lemons and candle wax.
Isaiah waved a hand at the furniture. “Have a seat and I’ll be right back with the tea.” He disappeared beyond the screen, the gun still in his hand.
My friends took their seats while I lingered near the edge of the temporary wall. “Would you like some help?” I called out to him, since I couldn’t see where he had gone.
He popped out of a room in the back without the gun. “Sure.”
I followed him to the kitchen and he pointed to a cabinet. When I opened the door, I found the teacups. As I laid them out on a tray that he had placed on the counter, he poured water into a kettle. “You’re the one who spent time with Sebastian?” he asked just above a whisper. Since he used to be one, he knew the werewolves in the other room would hear if he spoke any louder. 
I could hear Lauren rambling nervously about the views we had seen. I placed the last cup onto the tray and closed the cabinet door. “Yes,” I said turning to face him. 
He turned the tap off and sat the kettle onto the burner on the stove. “Did he seem okay?”
“Yes, he did. At first I found him…”
“Evil?” he suggested, finishing my sentence.
I shrugged. “I don’t know if I’d go that far, maybe cruel would be a better word.” I ran my finger over the rose colored flowers on one of the cups. “He fed off of a waitress at a restaurant he took me to.”
Isaiah grimaced. “When he started to pull away, I was afraid he would lose his humanity.” He sighed heavily. “I think of him as a son; I have ever since he was a child. And with Aiden gone, he is all I have. I was so shocked when he chose to become that.” He spat the word out, clearly uncomfortable with the term vampire.
“He wanted to become a vampire?” I asked, unsure why anyone would want that. The idea of drinking blood made my stomach churn.
He nodded sadly. “He was angry at all werewolves for taking Aiden and he wanted to be stronger than them, so he could kill the ones that took his friend. He searched for two years for a vampire and one day he came to see me and he was no longer human. I was appalled. He knew I hated what I was and this was so much worse.” He paused as the kettle started to whistle. “I’m used to him now, but I still worry.”
“I wouldn’t worry too much. If I was able to convince him to forget his vendetta against Miles and Sadie, he can’t be too far gone.”
He smiled, his leathery face lighting up with hope. “That is a good sign.” 
“Before he left he said that he would no longer pursue Miles and that all of the werewolves responsible had been dealt with. Then just before he left he said, ‘Besides he saved my life’. Do you know what he meant?”
Isaiah nodded. “Yes. One of the wolves was about to attack Sebastian from behind but another one dove in front of him and the two wolves fought.”
My eyes widened. I had never heard this version of the story. “If Miles saved him, then why was Sebastian after him in the first place?”
Isaiah sighed. “All he had was a bunch of names and after he turned into a vampire he searched for them. And he killed them judging by their hair color. He told me he found Miles years ago, but let him go when he realized he was the one who had saved them. But after the rest of them were dead, he began his search again.” He paused, his brows drawing together. “I don’t think he got the revenge he wanted.” He went silent; his face clouding with sorrow. I could tell the conversation wasn’t one of his favorites so I decided to let it go.
He poured the tea, steam floating above the cup and then placed a box of cookies on the tray before picking it up.
I followed him back to my friends and sat down on the edge of Nate’s chair as Isaiah took the only seat left, a tattered recliner. He sat down slowly and sighed heavily. “Yes, there is a cure. I created it about fifteen years ago and a few years later, that werewolf you called Charlotte, found out about it and tried to kill me. She came here just like you folks and said she wanted to buy some; she missed being human. When I brought her out a vial, she smashed it against the wall and lunged at me.”
There were a few gasps around the room, but most of us weren’t really surprised. It was Charlotte, nothing she did would shock us.
Isaiah grinned, showing yellowed teeth. “Don’t worry, about me.” He tapped the pocket of his plaid shirt, right above his heart. “I can protect myself.”
“What did you do?” Sadie asked, sitting at the edge of her seat.
“I stabbed her with my silver knife. She fell down like a sack of rocks. Her two thugs came at me, but I took care of them as well. I might be old, but I’m prepared.”
“How did you get rid of them?” I asked. 
“The silver weakened them, so I was able to knock them out with a sedative. Then I tied them up and dropped them off at the main road.” He took a sip at his tea. “I never heard from them again.”
I smiled. Someone had bested the all-fearing Charlotte. It must have bruised her ego. I was surprised she hadn’t tried again.
When it looked like he was finished speaking, we all took a few sips of our tea.
“Can you tell us how you created the cure?” Nate asked.
Isaiah leaned down and placed his teacup onto the table, a tiny dribble of brown liquid falling over the lip of the cup. “I was a medical researcher before that dang werewolf bit me. Once I got over the first year and began to accept what had happened to me and Aiden, I began trying a few cocktails. I was dabbling really, not expecting to find any results. I was just trying to stop the changes. That’s all I wanted at first. I hated the pain I went through each month.”
After his explanation, the room fell silent as we processed his words.
“So, you actually cured yourself. I know you're human, but it’s so hard to believe.” Nate’s voice was edged with the amazement we all must have been feeling.
Isaiah sat back in his chair and drummed his fingers on the arm of the recliner. “Yes, I actually cured myself.”
“How?”
“I tried many variables and failed. I didn’t make any progress until I started treating the whole process as a viral illness. I found that a virus had the capability of inserting certain genes to change us into werewolves, and my job was to reverse this process.” He paused. “A few hours after I took the last concoction, I got sick. The symptoms were similar to the first change. I was sweating, overheating and I had a fever. This went on for about a day, but when the fever broke, I was human.”
“Wow,” I murmured, not realizing I had spoken until Lauren and Sadie looked at me.
“There are some lingering effects with the cure, but they fade with time.”
“What do you mean?” Adrian asked, his arms crossed over his leg as he leaned forward. He was as fascinated as the rest of us were.
“Well, my heightened senses are still there, but they’re fading. It’s been fifteen years and I can still scent that you're a werewolf, but it’s much weaker than it was when I was one.
“What else?” Lauren asked, her eyes intense.
He grinned. “How old do I look?”
Lauren shrugged. “Fifty or so?” she guessed.
“I’ll be sixty-eight next week.”
“You don’t age?” 
He nodded. “I do, but at a slower pace.”
“Is that it?” I asked, finding myself truly mesmerized with everything he had said.
“I still feel the effects of the moon. On full moon nights I feel a tingle along my skin. I like to come up here on those nights to be around the animals and nature.”
“Would you be willing to spare a few doses for any of us who might want it?”
Joe stood up abruptly and glared at Nate. “You can’t be serious. You don’t know if this is true. And whatever he gives you could kill you.” His words were spit out almost hatefully, his accent thicker than I had ever heard it.
Nate simply shook his head at his friend, ignoring him. “Please excuse my friend. He’s not very trusting.”
Isaiah eyed Joe curiously, before turning back to Nate. “That’s okay. Here,” he began, standing up. “Let me show you where I do my work.” He stepped behind another screen and Nate followed. 




Chapter Thirty
Complication

Isaiah took us into a large room, with beakers and lab equipment spread out over most of a bulky counter’s surface. There were locked cabinets above and he took a key out of his pocket to open it. When he began to explain the process of the cure to Nate, he lost me after a few big words. I found myself wandering around looking through the room. Joe came up behind me as I was sifting through a pile of CD’s that were leaning against a boom box. “You can’t let him take the cure Megan,” he whispered in my ear.
I stepped back, startled by his sudden presence. “Joe, will you lay off. It’s his decision and I will support him no matter what.” I moved away from him and picked up a vial that was leaning in rack. It was a puce color and when I popped the cork off I thought I’d gag from the smell. I looked back to see if Joe was still following me, but he was gone. I didn’t see him anywhere.
His whispered words ran through my head and I wondered why he had been acting so strange lately. It wasn’t just about the cure. It had started the first time Sadie mentioned Sebastian. I had once wondered if it had to do with vampires, but this had nothing to do with that. He was defensive over his actions in the past, but was there more to it. Was it just Sebastian himself? Could he have known somehow, even then, that Isaiah was looking for a cure? No, that wasn’t possible. If Joe had known about a cure, I was sure that he would tell Nate. He knew how much Nate hated being a werewolf.
I shoved the cork back into the beaker and placed it in the rack. Adrian asked Isaiah a question behind me and his voice reminded me of our hike here. He hadn’t known that Joe wanted his help in renovating. Why would Joe lie about being at Adrian’s place? And if he wasn’t there, where was he? The only other place he could have been was our cottage and no one was there.
Isaiah’s rough voice brought me out of my own head and I turned to pay attention again. He was leaning over the counter pouring the vile looking liquid into a beaker. Was that the cure? “You can’t let Nate take the cure.” Joe’s whispered words repeated in my mind. Was that a warning? Would the stuff in that vial harm Nate in some way? Or was there another reason for his protest? Joe’s strange behavior lately was so confusing.
Just as I was about to shove my worries aside and join the conversation, I remembered Nate barreling out of our room, livid at himself for losing Isaiah’s address. A sick feeling began in the pit of my stomach as I realized the reason for Joe’s lie and why he had been so against our trip in the first place. It was him. He took the address. He had been in our cottage that morning. I smelled his scent, but hadn’t thought anything of it. He was our friend and stopped by with Lauren often. For some reason he didn’t want us to have the cure, so he took the paper from Nate’s pants and thought that that would be the end of it. However he didn’t know that I had memorized the addresses. No wonder he had been so shocked to see us when we arrived to the main house ready for the trip. It also explained his grouchy behavior once we had all climbed into the SUV.
I scanned the room once again and found Joe in the shadowed corner, away from the rest of the group. He was pulling something out from under his hoodie. It was shiny and metal and he was aiming it at our host. GUN!!! Without thought, I jumped into the air and dove in front of Isaiah a split second before a gunshot rang out. A sharp burning pain bit at my shoulder as I crashed to the floor.
“What the hell Joe?” Nate yelled, at his friend as he hovered over me.
Joe rushed toward us, staring down at me, his eyes washed with regret. The gun was still in his hand. “I’m so sorry Meg. I didn’t mean to shoot you.”
“You meant to shoot someone,” Adrian mumbled. 
“Can you get some cloths and bandages?” Nate asked Isaiah as he shot a scowl toward his Irish friend. 
As Isaiah rushed away, Sadie hunkered down on the floor next to me, taking my hand. “You’ll be fine. We just have to get the silver out.” Her words put me at ease, although, I already knew that or I wouldn’t have jumped in front of the bullet in the first place.
Nate was leaning down placing his hand on my chest, trying to stop the blood, but he was staring at Joe. “What’s going on?”
Before Joe could answer, I murmured, “He took the address and he was aiming for Isaiah.” My voice was so weak, I wasn’t sure anyone heard me until Nate stood up. I gazed up at him through my heavy eyelids that were threatening to close. I could feel Sadie move closer, placing her hand where Nate’s had once been.
“Is that true?” Nate asked his friend. Adrian approached Joe from the other side, as if blocking his escape.
After several seconds, Joe looked at Lauren, his eyes tortured. “Yes,” he whispered.
Lauren closed her eyes; her features distorting in pain.
Adrian reached out and removed the gun from Joe’s hand. Joe didn’t put up a fight.
Isaiah returned with the cloths and handed them to Sadie. Once she took them and laid them onto my chest he handed her something that looked like clamps.
Lauren joined Sadie, kneeling down toward me. “Are you okay?” she whispered, a tear falling down her cheek. I tried to smile reassuringly, but I’m not sure if I accomplished that. “I’m okay.”
Nate glanced at Sadie, his eyebrows raised in question. She nodded and squeezed my hand. 
Once he was reassured that I would be fine, Nate stepped closer to Joe, his face dark with fury. “How long have you known there was a cure?”
Joe winced at the question, his shoulders slumping. “Ten years.”
Lauren sucked in a shocked breath, while Nate continued to question him. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because, for the first time in my whole life, I had a family.” He pointed to Nate. “You were my family, the one person I could count on. I have never had that, even when I was human. Charlotte was selfish and only thought of herself. My mother was so busy working, she was never home. My own father left when I was a baby. You were my brother and now that I found my mate and you’ve found yours, we’re a real family, a real pack!” He was starting to raise his voice, his eyes wild. “You can’t take that away from me. If you turn human, you’ll die and I’ll be alone.”
“What about me?” Lauren asked, anger and hurt laced in her words.
Joe’s face softened as he turned to the woman he loved. “Would you honestly stay a werewolf if Nate and Megan took the cure?” he asked. “Because, I have no interest in being human.”
Lauren squeezed my leg and stood up, stepping around Nate and Adrian until she stood in front of the man she loved. Her face just inches from his. “I am your mate. You’re stuck with me, whether you like it or not.”
Intense emotions burned in Joe’s eyes as he leaned in to kiss her.
My eyes were getting heavier and the pain was spreading. My whole right side was turning numb. I opened my mouth, but I couldn’t speak. My eyes closed and I managed a soft whimper before blackness slithered its way over my vision.

“I’m sorry baby, but this is going to hurt.” Nate’s voice was far away and it sounded muffled, like he was speaking with a mouthful of cotton. I opened my mouth to respond, but nothing came out. My eyelids were closed and my body felt heavy, like an elephant had decided I’d make a good pillow. I couldn’t move. I was about to fade back into darkness, wondering what he meant until something dug into my skin. The feeling of white-hot fire erupted in my shoulder and I screamed. A hand clamped over my mouth and the smell of guava mixed with the smell of mint chocolate entered my senses. “It’s okay, he’s almost done.” Lauren’s voice was right at my ear. Lauren and Adrian were right above me and it must have been Adrian that was holding my mouth. If I could move my arms, I would have punched him in the face.
“I’m so sorry Megan. But I have to leave.” Lauren’s voice was a ragged whisper and I felt tears fall onto my face. “You will be fine, I know that, or I wouldn’t be able to go.” I opened my eyes struggling to focus on her face. She was right above me, her face distorted in sorrow. I tried to speak, to ask her what she meant but no words would come. “You are my best friend. We’ve been through so much together. I don’t know what I will do without you in my life.” 
Again I struggled to speak, but nothing came. “I will call you when I can. I love you.” She bent down and kissed my cheek and then Nate was digging into my skin.
It felt like he was using a hot wrought iron poker. It seemed to go on for hours, but it must have only been seconds and he was probably only using his fingers. Suddenly, the pain stopped, leaving only a dull burn.
“Lauren,” I whispered when the pain faded.
I felt Nate’s lips on my burning forehead. “She’s gone,” he whispered. My heart clenched at his words. What did he mean she was gone? Where did she go?
“Lift her up and bring her to the back. Her body needs to extract the silver,” Isaiah’s rough voice instructed, interrupting my thoughts of my best friend.
Now that most of the pain had disappeared, the foggy conversation with Lauren returned, only to fade once more as I felt my consciousness slipped away once again.

The sound of humming woke me. My shoulder still ached, but the burning was gone. I opened my eyes and saw Sadie relaxing in a blue plush chair next to my bed. Ear buds were plugged into her ears as she rested her head against the back of the chair, her eyes closed as she hummed a tune. Her phone lay on her jean clad leg. Her dark braid was slung over one shoulder.
We were in a room. Two walls were metal and the other two were the temporary dividers that were placed throughout the building. I was in a single bed, my shirt was gone, but my bra and a bandage covered the important parts. A plain white, thin blanket lay over me. If it wasn’t for the walls, I would have thought I was in the hospital. Night had fallen, leaving the only light in the room a small lamp next to the bed. I could smell some kind of medicine and laundry soap from the pillow case under my head.
I reached my shaky hand out to touch Sadie’s knee. 
Her body jerked, her eyes snapping open. “Geesh, you scared me,” she gasped, her hand hovering over her heart and then yanking out the ear buds. They hung over her legs, dangling in the air.
I smiled weakly. “Where is everyone?” My throat burned with thirst.
“Nate and Adrian are with Isaiah, mixing a batch of the cure.”
Butterflies fluttered in my stomach. This is what I wanted, but now that it was happening I was nervous. “And Joe?” I don’t know what I was asking, did I want him to be punished for what he had done. I know he never intended to shoot me, but he did want to hurt Isaiah, maybe even kill him. I couldn’t help but be angry at him for all he had done. It didn’t help that my shoulder still hurt.
She frowned, her eyes moving to focus on the hands in her lap. “He and Nate had a huge argument and he left.” She paused, her tortured eyes swinging to mine. “With Lauren.”
An ache formed in my chest as I remembered Lauren’s tearful good-bye. Her words sounded so final, despite her promise to call me. Would I ever see my best friend again? Just the thought made my eyes burn with the threat of tears. Lauren and even Joe were part of my family and I knew that after today nothing would be the same. How could it be after what he did? I swallowed the golf-ball-sized lump that suddenly formed in my throat. 
When I remained silent she picked up an envelope from the nightstand. “She left you this letter.”
I spread the paper out in front of me and smiled at her loopy handwriting.
Meg, I’m writing you this, because I’m not sure if you will remember me saying good-bye. As much as I hate to leave you, I have to follow Joe. I know he has made mistakes and believe me I am just as angry at him for shooting you and attempting to shoot Isaiah as any of our group. He is just a man that created a cure and he didn’t deserve to die. Joe feels terrible for what he did, but I’m sure you’re not ready to hear that. But despite everything Joe has done, he is my mate and I love with all my heart. 
Even though I have to leave you, Nate and my family, I won’t regret the choice I made, because I know I will see you all again, I’m just not sure when.
Before I met you, I had two great friends, but not a sister, that changed on that island and I will never forget what we’ve been through together. You are more than a friend, you are family and I will miss you the most. Don’t tell Nate I said that.
Tell everyone I love them,
Lauren
Tears flowed freely as her words sunk in. They weren’t just going home ahead of us. They were leaving and not coming back for a while. What would I do without her? She had become an important part in my life. 
I folded the letter and placed it on the nightstand next to me. “They’re leaving for a while.”
Sadie smiled softly. “I know.”
Another tear fell down my cheek, as I looked at her. “Are you taking the cure?” I asked hoping to take my mind off of my friend’s departure.
She shook her head. “No. Adrian and I want to explore our relationship before we do it. We will someday.”
“Are you going to come back here? What if Isaiah is dead, he’s human.”
“He is giving us a few doses and if something happens to that, we’ll come back. I don’t think we’ll wait long.”
I grew silent as memories from before I passed out surfaced. “Do you think Nate will ever forgive Joe?” I asked after a brief silence.
She shrugged. “I don’t know. He’s angry, but if he’s the same man I met fifty years ago, he will eventually.” She tapped the face of her phone, turning off the song that we could still hear from the ear buds. “I understand why Joe did it though.”
Anger for Joe, Sadie agreeing with him, and basically the whole situation spurred through my veins. “He lied to Nate for years over you, the cure and he tried to kill Isaiah. How could you say that?”
“I don’t agree with what he did, just the reason behind it.” She paused, flinging the braid off of her shoulder. “He did it to keep his family whole. The only family he knows. As an older werewolf, who has been alone for fifty years, I understand that when you find people you consider family, you hold on to them. We are meant to be with a pack, we were not supposed to be alone.”
I considered her words and thought about how Joe had been on his own for a lot of years after he left Charlotte. I could understand why he did it, but since I was laying here healing from a silver bullet in my shoulder, I wasn’t ready to forgive.
I could hear Nate and smelled his scent before he stepped around the privacy screen. “Hey, how are you feeling?”
I smiled, wider than I did with Sadie. Just the sight of him was the only medicine I needed. “Better. The burning is gone. I’m just sore now.”
Sadie glanced between us and stood up. “I’ll go see what Adrian is up to.” She leaned down, kissed my forehead and then she was gone.
Nate took the chair she vacated, reaching his hand out to take mine, his warmth spread into my hand and up my arm. “What were you thinking, jumping in front of a bullet?”
“I was thinking that Joe was going to kill an innocent man and I had to save him.”
His expression was stern for a long moment and then his lips turned up at the edges. His eyes were shining with love. “I’m proud of you. You saved his life.” 
I shrugged and then winced when a sharp pain shot through my shoulder. “Ow.”
Nate frowned, his eyes sympathetic. He leaned forward and kissed my bare shoulder softly, his lips lingering over my heated, tender skin. When he pulled away, he eyed me intensely. “Better?”
I nodded, his deep stare giving me tingles.
When he sat back down, his face turned serious. “I’m not sure I want to take the cure anymore.”
I sat up and winced again as the pain throbbed through my arm. “What? Why?”
“If you were human, you wouldn’t be sitting here. You’d be in a hospital after a surgery with a long road of recovery ahead of you.”
“So! That’s the way it’s supposed to be. Being human will finally make you truly happy. I know you say you are, but as long as you’re a werewolf you will always regret your past and hate who you are.”
“And you want this?” he asked quietly.
I didn’t have to contemplate my answer. I had never wanted anything more, well besides Nate. “Yes, I do. You know I’ve never really accepted being this way. If I did, I would hunt animals.”
He nodded his head in agreement. “Okay, we’ll do it, as soon as you’re better.”
A grin spread over my lips as a thought sprang to my mind. “No. I want to do it next week. Do you think Isaiah will let us stay?”
“After you saved his life, I think he’d do anything you wanted.” He smirked. “But why?”
“I want to go for one more run.”
A smile crossed his face as he realized what I meant. The full moon was next week and what a way to end our werewolf life, on the beautiful, scenic, Appalachian Mountains.




Chapter Thirty-One
A New Beginning

I stood up on a moss covered mountain peak with my bare arms stretched out and my face tipped up toward the sky. The moon shone brightly above me, its glow lightly caressing my exposed skin, creating a tingling sensation all over my body. It was the last time the moon would call to the animal inside of me and my wolf was itching to come out. “Are you ready?”  Nate’s deep voice called softly from behind me. 
I turned to face the man I loved, the man that I had been through so much with. His light blond hair gleamed white under the moonlight. His face was shining with the excitement that bubbled inside me. We were about to take our last run as werewolves and if the cure worked, tomorrow we would be human again. The air between us sizzled with anticipation. I couldn’t stop the wide grin that spread across my face as I nodded. He held out a hand to me and I placed mine into it. Tingles sparked into my palms, spreading to my fingers. 
We were all out for our last run; even Isaiah was here. Like he said, he still felt the call of the moon and he craved the forest at night, the sounds of the animals roaming through the trees. This was the first time he’d spend the full moon with actual werewolves though. He had his ATV with him and had challenged us to a race. 
Nate pulled me to a grouping of evergreen trees. Their minty smell permeated everything around us. The rest of our group were waiting. Adrian and Sadie were already in their wolf forms and I could hear Isaiah revving his machine, waiting impatiently for the rest of the pack. Our last run would be bittersweet without Lauren and Joe. I felt a little lost without them. They had been part of our lives for the last year. What would I do without them; without Lauren? I still hadn’t heard from her, but hopefully it was because I didn’t have cell range. When we returned to civilization I would make sure to contact her. I needed to know that she was okay, and to know where they were headed. I understood that she needed to be with Joe right now, but that didn’t ease any of the worry and sadness that festered when I thought of her. 
I felt Nate brush my cheek lightly with a finger and then move to my chin as he lifted my head up to look me in the eyes. “Are you thinking about Lauren?” We had spoken very little about our absent friends since Joe’s betrayal and their sudden departure. It had taken me a few days to recover from the silver and then we made plans for taking the cure. We had even ventured out, exploring the mountain in our human and wolf forms. It was beautiful and I would miss it when we finally went home.
“Yes,” I answered softly, my voice barely audible. 
“I miss them too.”
My eyes stung with unshed tears. Their absence created an ache I felt more now as I was about to become a wolf for the last time. We would never run as a full pack again, this night of farewell just wasn`t the same without them. “Will you ever forgive him?”
Nate took in a deep breath and pursed his lips as he thought over my question. “I hope so. He wasn’t the only one who considered us a family. He was the main constant in my life for the last fifty years. Family members came and went, dying of old age and he was always there. But, it’s hard to understand how he could keep such huge secrets from me. He knows how much I missed my humanity.”
I leaned my forehead against his bare chest. I could hear the strong beat of his heart. He must have already started to undress when he saw me hesitate. I knew what he said was true and it must be hard to realize someone you trusted so deeply had lied to you. But if he had known of the cure ten years ago, we wouldn’t be here about to begin a new life together. “I can’t be angry with him,” I murmured, looking up into his intense blue eyes that were almost black in the darkness. “I know he hurt you, and what he tried to do to Isaiah was horrible. But if you knew of the cure back then, we would never have met and I would be trapped in a life I hated.” Just the thought of never knowing him made my eyes water, a single tear escaped and slid down my cheek.
Nate brushed it with his thumb and kissed my forehead gently. “Then I can’t be angry at him either. I should be thanking him.”
I gazed into his eyes and grinned, feeling so much love for him, my heart swelled with it.
“Let’s do this,” I said, pulling away from him and yanking the tank top from my body.
He followed suit and then we began our transformation. I didn’t hide this time. It was the last change and I felt so close to him, I didn’t want any secrets between us.
When we were fully in our wolf forms, we emerged from the trees and began our final run with our friends.
Our limbs thundered over the terrain, as we ran through the trails. We were following the ATV; the roaring motor was a driving pulse pulling us towards it. Since Isaiah was more familiar with the area, he was leading us up the trail rising higher and higher. I was behind the rest of our group, enjoying the journey, concentrating on the power in my legs as we ascended the mountain. The brisk wind whipped through my fur as I jumped over a fallen tree branch and veered around a big white oak stump. A few miles into our trek we finally stopped.
Isaiah turned off his machine and stood on the edge of a cliff. We moved toward him, all of us taking positions on either side as we looked down. He had led us to one of the highest peaks of the mountain and the view was awesome. My breath caught in my throat from the sheer beauty of it. We had seen it during the day and the brightness the sun created over the vibrant colors was beautiful. But at night, the darkness created mysterious shadows along the forest and the moon gleamed off the rocks of the mountain, turning it almost glowing white. The bright stars shimmered in the contrasting dark endless sky. Since we were so high up, I felt like I could reach a forepaw up and touch one.
“What do you think?” Isaiah asked us, interrupting my thoughts. He was dressed in a plain black t-shirt and faded jeans. His hair blew in the wind and the leathery skin on his face appeared almost smooth in the lowlight. “Should we howl from the mountaintop? It is Megan and Nate’s last full moon.” 
I felt my lips turn up into a wolfy smile. It was a fantastic idea. When would we ever be this high up again and never would the two of us be wolves again. Before I could glance at my friends to see their reaction to the suggestion, Nate tipped his head up and let out a chilling howl. I did the same, a chorus of wailing erupted into the infinite night sky. Sadie and Adrian joined in on the song. I could hear animals in the bushes nearby scurry away, frightened by our cries. We must have looked a little odd, four wolves and an old man standing on top of a cliff, howling at the moon. It was the perfect way to end our time as werewolves.

“Do you have any two’s?” I asked Sadie. We were playing cards the next day. It was my idea. I had been jittery and anxious, pacing back and forth so much I was wearing out a path in Isaiah’s rug. I needed a distraction and all I could think to take my mind off the upcoming event was playing cards, and Go Fish was all Sadie knew how to play. Marisa had taught her years ago and for some reason, that was what they still played. Nate and Adrian were outside talking to Isaiah and had obviously wanted privacy from our heightened hearing. I knew I should be wondering what they were discussing, but I was too nervous to care. If the cure worked, I was about to be human. Would I feel the same toward my husband or would the mate bond disappear with the werewolf gene. Just the thought created mutant butterflies doing the mambo in my stomach.
As Sadie plopped the last of her cards onto the table’s surface, the front door opened. The three men wandered up to the kitchen where we were playing and gazed at me expectantly. “Is it time?” I asked, swallowing a lump the size of Mount Everest that had been building in my throat since I woke up that morning.
Nate nodded. “Do you still want to?” he asked me hesitantly.
I nodded; happy that he couldn’t see my hands shake; they were in my lap, under the table. “Yes.” My voice was thankfully much stronger than I felt.
He smiled and held out his hand, leading me back to the bedroom I had woken up in a week ago. There were now two single beds in it, lying parallel to each other, a small table and lamp sat between them. 
“Lay down please,” Isaiah instructed us.
We did as we were told and I stared up at the ceiling. It was lined with pipes, cables and vents. Isaiah stood next to Nate, at his insistence. He wanted to be the first to take the cure, making sure it was safe. My heart ached at the thought. He loved me so much he would risk his own life to save mine. I held my breath as Isaiah pushed the needle into Nate`s upper arm. When he finished, he stepped back, assessing Nate’s reaction. “How does it feel?” he asked.
“Fine. I don’t feel any different.”
“It should take an hour or two to spread through your body. And when it does, you should start to feel hot and feverish. I’d like you to stay in bed though just in case it`s different for you and it starts sooner.” When Nate nodded, Isaiah looked over at me.
“Maybe she should wait for me to finish the process before we give her the dose,” Nate suggested, a worry line forming between his eyes. 
“No,” I said forcefully. I was not going to wait. I wanted to turn human at the same time as him. We were in this together, whether he liked it or not.
Nate stared at me, as if he was thinking about arguing. I narrowed my eyes at him, hoping he could see how serious I was. This was not the time to make decisions for me and I would not stand for it.
Finally his face softened. “Fine. You’re right; we are in this together.”
I reached my hand across the empty space between our beds. “You’re damn right we are.”
When he smiled at me, sliding his hand around mine, Isaiah moved toward me, the second needle in his hand.
“You ready?” Isaiah asked. When I nodded, he held up the needle.
“Wait!” Sadie called out, freezing Isaiah in place. She rushed forward from her spot in the corner next to Adrian and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. “Good luck. Thank you for making me your friend and for being the best mate Nate could have asked for.”
“Sadie, she’s not dying,” Adrian chastised. “Is she?” he asked Isaiah nervously. Adrian had come to be one of my best friends and it was comforting to see that he felt the same way.
Isaiah grinned. “No, she’ll be fine. There is nothing harmful in the mix.”
Ignoring Adrian’s words, Sadie hugged me again, her dark strands falling into my face. Her hair smelled of ginger. I returned the hug, feeling warm and tingly for my new friend. I was so glad we had found her. I was thankful she and Adrian we here to experience this with us. A pang of sadness pierced through my heart when I thought of Lauren. She had been the one with us through everything. She was the one who encouraged Nate to approach me, and she had told me to be patient with him when he kept pushing me away at the beginning. She was there for the good, the bad and everything in between. She should have been with us on the day we returned human. But I knew I couldn’t focus on that. I would see her again, and there would be other important experiences we could share with her. This was not the end of our friendship; I had to keep reminding myself of that.
Lost in my thoughts, I was surprised when Sadie pulled away from me and moved to Nate to give him a hug.
Adrian took her place giving me a big bear hug. “Be safe,” he whispered in my ear. “I don’t want to lose my best friend.” 
I grinned up at him. “Everything will be fine. Next full moon, you can take me for a ride.” I winked at him. “I’ve never ridden on a wolf before. You can be like a pet.”
“Funny.” He smirked at me and then smiled.
He shook Nate’s hand and then he and his mate moved to the back of the room to watch, taking their previous spot on two chairs.
This time Isaiah didn’t ask if I was ready, he just pressed the plunger into my upper arm and waited for the funky looking liquid to seep into my body.
When he finished, he placed the empty needles on a tray and grinned. “You’re the first werewolves I’ve cured. I’m excited to have others like me, between werewolf and human.” 
My veins burned as the liquid traveled down my arm, to my hands, spreading the opposite way, to my shoulders and then to my other arm. The feeling wasn’t painful, just slightly irritating. It was as if I could feel the cure slowly taking over my body. When I glanced at Nate, his face was awash with agitation and I knew he was feeling the same.
A few hours later my body started to heat up. Soon after, my stomach started to churn and then came the sweats. It wasn’t long after that, I passed out, the burning sensation still overpowering everything else. The last words I heard was Nate’s soft, “I love you.”

My body ached in places I didn’t know could feel pain. I was weak and thirsty as hell. It felt like fur had grown on my tongue and since I had just taken an unknown drug, I hoped it wasn`t literal and just meant that it was dry. When my eyelids fluttered open, I turned my head. Nate was in the bed next to me, lying flat on his back, his hair sticking up against the white pillow beneath him, his cheeks flushed. The image reminded me of when I woke a month and a half earlier, legally tied to him as his wife. Just like that moment, this one held so much meaning for us. We were together, as we always would be.
He turned his head and gazed at me expectantly, reaching out to hold my hand again. “How do you feel?” he asked, his voice edged with concern.
That was a hard question. If he meant physically, I was fine; despite the fact that I would kill for a drink. And if he meant mentally, I was even better. I had been worried that when I woke up I wouldn’t love Nate as I had when I was a werewolf. But all the feelings that were in me before I had fallen asleep were still there. If it was possible, I felt even more in love. How could I not? We had just gone through a big change together and now that we were no longer werewolves, we could have the lives we were always meant to have… together. 
When I gazed into his eyes, I could see the love I felt for him staring back at me. All the fear of those feelings leaving with the werewolf gene, washed away. We were together and could finally live the normal life he had always wanted. When I thought over everything, there was only one answer that would sum up all that I was feeling. “Human,” I finally whispered.



Epilogue

“She looks like me,” my mom cooed to the bundle in her arms, her platinum hair hanging over the soft pink blanket.
“Oh, no Heather, she looks like our lovely daughter.” My father grinned and winked at me. Since Emily was born yesterday, he was a different person. He actually smiled and I could see joy in his eyes.
We had named our daughter after Nate’s mother, Emmaline. I wanted to use her full name, but Nate wanted to modernize it. Now that he knew that our time on this earth was limited, he wanted to live life to its fullest and stop dwelling on the past. 
“He’s right. She looks just like you,” Nate agreed, leaning down to kiss me, his familiar scent wrapping around me like our baby’s warm blanket. She might have had my strawberry colored hair, but when you looked at her vivid blue eyes, you could tell she was a Riley.
I grinned again, something I had been doing a lot of since she was born. Of course, there wasn’t much of that when I was in labor. The pain was something I had not been prepared for. It brought back the memory of changing into a werewolf. I hadn`t felt anything like that in years…until now. But after twenty three hours, the doctor finally pulled her out and placed her in my arms. She winked and blinked at the bright light above us and my heart was once again lost. She was a part of me and Nate, the man that had meant everything to me. I had never been happier in my entire life.
It had been five years since Nate and I had taken the cure and just as I had thought, he had come alive when we awoke human. He was finally able to settle into Creekford and to plan for a future. As werewolves, we weren’t able to have children and when we returned home from North Carolina that was the first thing Nate asked for, a baby of his own. He had treated his extended family like his children ever since his immediate family died so many years ago, but this was different. This was his own child. We decided to wait a few years to enjoy a normal life together before we began planning for her, but now that she was here, I wondered what we were waiting for. 
We changed our last name legally to Riley from Green; some people were confused as to why and the only reason we could come up with was that Nate had just found out he was a relative. It was a weak explanation, but if people questioned it, they never said anything.
Nate had moved up in the company publicly. He no longer ran things behind closed doors, as he had in the past. His public position wasn’t as high as his real job, but he was finally able to be true to himself without all the lies. 
I was still running Riley House and without all the drama that came with being a werewolf, things were going well. Residents were thriving in the shelter and I was really proud of what we accomplished there. I had even persuaded my parents to volunteer annually for our Fun Days. It was all I could manage, but at least it was something. They were trying to be the parents they should have been as I was growing up. And by the way they looked at my daughter; they were going to be even better grandparents. I couldn’t help but grin at my dad. Emily had him wrapped around her little finger already and it would be interesting to see how this would play out. 
Mona and Ben had left an hour before; she had been at the hospital since I woke up this morning. Ben had to drag her out so I could have more visitors.
“Can I have a turn Mrs. Banks?” Sadie asked from her chair next to Adrian.
My mother smiled at my friend. “Of course Sadie and please call me Heather.”
Sadie nodded, as she took my baby into her arms, her long brown hair flowing over her shoulders. She was wearing a flowing purple sundress that protruded at the belly. “She is so precious. I can’t wait to have ours.”
Sadie was four months pregnant. She and Adrian got married three years ago and took the cure a year after that. Adrian had started his own construction company and Sadie was still working at the shelter with me, but now she worked during the days heading up the career program. Marisa was in college taking fashion design and Nathan was at the same school, earning a business degree. They were living together as much as Adrian hated it. But, since she was now an adult, he didn’t have much say in the matter. 
“Well honey, we’re going to go. I’m so proud of you.” My mother’s voice wavered as a tear slid down her cheek. I didn’t know she had it in her. Yes, she had changed since I had gotten married, but I wasn’t expecting tears.
My father rolled his eyes as he led her out of the room. 
Once they were gone, Nate sat on the edge of the bed next to me; his grin was as wide as mine as we watched our friend hold our daughter.
“If your baby is a boy, maybe they can date,” I said to Adrian. His face went white, a shocking contrast to the black button-down he was wearing. I didn`t think anyone could look paler, until I glanced at Nate; his eyes were as round as saucers.
Sadie and I laughed at them as a knock sounded at the door. I could scent the werewolves before the door opened. Panic clenched in my chest, as I worried for my child. We hadn’t smelled that scent in years, nothing good could come of it.
The fear drained out of me when I turned my head. Lauren and Joe framed the doorway. Lauren held a guarded expression, as if she wasn’t sure she was welcome. I had texted her when I went into labor asking if they could come to visit. But since it was a long plane ride from Ireland, I wasn’t sure they would make the trip. She looked beautiful. Her sandy colored hair had grown since I had last seen her, reaching to her lower back. She was wearing a fitted black silk blouse and dark blue skinny jeans. Her face wasn`t as tanned as it usually was in the summer, but since she had been living in Ireland that was understandable. Joe, looked exactly the same, but his hair was shorter than I remembered. The top that was normally long enough to flop over his eyes was cropped close to his head. I liked it; it showed off the sharp planes on his face.
“Come on in, I’m so glad you could come.”
Lauren rushed forward and gave me a hug, but backed away when a little moan of pain escaped my mouth. She made a face. “I’m sorry.” Then she scrunched her nose up, a slight grin appearing on her lips. “You smell like a human.” She winked. “Are you happy?”
I nodded. “Yes. But even more so now that you guys are here.” I glanced at Joe who stood against the wall, his face tense. He and Nate had talked a few times since they moved away, but things were still strained between them. “Joe, stop holding that wall up and give me a hug. I haven’t seen you in years.”
A barely-there smile appeared on his face as he obeyed my command. He squeezed a little harder than my sore body could handle, but I didn’t want to protest, since he seemed anxious already. He stood up and shook the hand that Nate held out. As Nate was about to pull his hand away, Joe pulled him in for a big bear hug. “Congratulations Dad,” he murmured, before drawing away.
“Thanks,” Nate said, beaming at his friend. By the look on both of their faces, everything would be fine between them eventually. 
“Oh, I want one,” Lauren squealed, as she approached Sadie who was still holding the baby.
Nate smirked at Joe. “We still have some doses of the cure, if you want to become a Daddy.”
Joe gazed at my daughter; his face softening with an expression we had seen on all of our visitors faces once they set eyes on our precious baby. He stared at her for several seconds before his lopsided grin appeared. “Maybe someday,” he answered Lauren wistfully.
She smiled at him and then me. Since they were back in our lives, everything was how it should be. And now with the baby, my life was complete.
###



Sebastian’s Story

1945
I was used to getting up early for patrols, but this was ridiculous. I was on leave; I should be taking advantage of the quiet and sleeping as long as I could. For the first time in months I was able to sleep without the threat of a raid or worry that if I fell asleep I might not wake up. “Why are we up this early again?” I asked Isaiah, the man I considered a father since the age of five, when my own parents abandoned me. I was now nineteen and on leave for a month. Since the war ended, I was allowed time away. My best friend Aiden and I were home to recuperate before going back to training. But my idea of recuperating wasn’t exactly the same as Isaiah’s. If it was up to me, we wouldn’t be up at the crack of dawn climbing a mountain. The last time I was even near a mountain, I was getting shot at.
Isaiah poured hot coffee into a mug and handed it to me. The intoxicating aroma wafted throughout the room and I barely noticed Aiden as he wandered into the kitchen and fell into an empty chair at the table. “Because it’s a long drive,” was the only response from Isaiah. He was a tall man with dark brown hair that always needed a trim and hazel eyes that looked wise beyond his years. He almost never shaved, leaving his face unkempt and streaked with gray. He was also a man of little words and although his outer appearance would be considered gruff, he had a heart of gold. He was a medical researcher who was on a mission to find a cure for cancer, the disease that had taken his wife, at the young age of thirty five. They had only found each other a few years before and a year after she gave birth to Aiden, she passed away. Isaiah was heartbroken, but knew he had to be there for his only child.
“Did you forget what Dad was like Bastian? It hasn’t been that long since we’ve been home.” I hated when he shortened my name, which was why he did it. He had been calling me that since we met, seventeen years ago. I was so used to it though, it no longer bothered me.
Aiden and I had been drafted into the army when we turned eighteen, which happened to be a few weeks apart. Not exactly the birthday present I wanted, but it wasn’t a surprise either since it was mandatory for all young men to enlist once they became an adult. After only a few months of training we were shoved into the thick of battle. Yes, it had only been a year since we’d been home, but with everything we had seen and done, it felt more like a lifetime.
“Drink up boys, I want to get going,” Isaiah grumbled, as he packed food into a satchel. 
I chuckled as I took a drink, the hot liquid flowing down my throat, waking me up. When I finished my drink I yanked on my coat and stood up. If I was going to spend the day hiking a Godforsaken mountain, it was about time to get it over with.

We began our journey up, a few hours later. The drive along the dirt roads had been quiet. I dozed on and off, the drone of the engine and the silence surrounding me made it hard to keep my eyes open. Aiden read a book, while Isaiah concentrated on the road ahead.
Once we parked Isaiah’s new Ford, we started up the trail. “Why are we doing this again, Dad?” Aiden asked after a few minutes of dodging branches and tripping over roots and bushes.
Isaiah remained silent as we followed him up the rough terrain. The sky was clear and now that the sun was up, the air was warm with just a hint of a breeze. After several moments of silence, Isaiah finally spoke. “I’m looking for an herb.”
My brow furrowed as I tried to grasp my adoptive father’s words. “An herb,” I repeated dryly.
Isaiah stepped over a tree trunk, his arms clasped on the straps of the satchel he had slung over his shoulder. “I’m researching this particular herb and found out that it only grows on higher ground, this mountain in particular.”
“And what is so special about this herb?” Aiden asked, as a bird screeched in the distance.
“I think it will be the answer I’ve been looking for. I think it will cure the strand of cancer your mother died from.” His voice was low and filled with emotion. It was very unlike the gruff man he had become after the death of his wife.
Aiden dropped his questions, as a silence fell over our group, the two men at my side still grieved over the woman they lost. Even though I had never met Aiden’s mother, I respected their need for their private thoughts. 
It was Isaiah that eventually filled the silence. “I’ve been corresponding with a colleague of mine in France and he said that he was sure that this herb had the qualities that are needed in our research.”
There were no other complaints from the either of us. What Isaiah was doing was important and if hiking up a mountain in the early hours of the morning would help, then we would do our part. 

By midafternoon, we finally reached the top of the mountain. I was tired, hungry and a little grumpy. Aiden and I fell onto the ground, not caring that the grass covered terrain beneath us was hard. 
Isaiah pulled out a canteen filled with water and passed it around. “We should make camp here. It took a lot longer than I thought it would to get up here.”
“Did you bring enough food?” Aiden asked with his eyes closed, his coat was balled up underneath his head.
“Yes. I wanted to be prepared just in case.”
Following suit, I yanked off my own coat and shoved it under my head and like my friend, I closed my eyes. “Good, because after a quick nap, I’ll be starving.”
I heard Isaiah’s tired sigh as I drifted off.

It was a growl that finally woke me. My eyes blinked open and for a moment I forgot where I was. Isaiah was sitting up, staring into the trees behind us and Aiden was still sleeping next to me. “Was that a growl?” I asked hesitantly, my eyes adjusting to the dull gray sky. The sun had set behind the mountain and in its place, dusk had settled over the forest.
Isaiah got to his feet and took a few steps forward, his eyes still fixed on the trees. “Yes.” His voice was a whisper and a worry line had formed on his forehead. 
I stood up and joined the worried man. “What do you think it is?” I asked in a whisper, also feeling the need to be quiet. I didn’t know what was out there, but the hair on the back of my neck was standing up and I was sure I felt the weight of someone’s penetrating gaze on me.
Isaiah turned to face me and opened his mouth to answer, but his words were cut off by the sound of a loud horrifying growl. A large black wolf dove out of the trees and before we could even register the movement, the wolf pounced on Aiden’s sleeping form and ripped out his throat. Isaiah’s agonizing scream echoed through the forest.
I stared at the wolf as he ripped my best friend apart. I was frozen in place. I had seen many terrible sights in the six months I was at war, but nothing that compared to this. Isaiah rushed toward his son, screaming something that I could not comprehend, just as three other wolves emerged from the cover of the trees. One wolf stood off to the side while the other two crouched low to the ground preparing to stalk their prey.
“Get the gun out of my pack!” Isaiah’s screams finally registered over the buzzing sound in my head. I shook out of the shock that had taken over when the wolf tore the life out of my friend and did what I was told; rushing to the satchel that Isaiah had carried. Once I held the gun I turned to see one of the new wolves biting Isaiah and taking a chunk out of his leg. I didn’t think, I just acted, squeezing the trigger. The gun exploded in my hands and thankfully it reached its target. The wolf fell to the ground.
I spun around again, this time aiming at the first wolf that was still busy tearing my best friend apart. I shot it right in the heart. It also fell down. At the sound of a growl behind me, I braced for an attack, knowing that I wouldn’t have time to react before the animal pounced on me. But nothing happened. I finally turned to see the fourth wolf that had sat down at the edge of the forest, attacking the other wolf. Their savage growls and snarls emanated through the air. The noise seemed to thunder through the trees almost shaking the leaves and branches.
I took the chance to check on Isaiah. “Are you okay?” I asked bending down, accessing his leg.
“I’m alive.” He glanced over at his son’s remains and closed his eyes. The growls of the remaining wolves had him opening them again. “We have to go.”
Icy claws of panic gripped my insides. “We’ll never make it,” I gasped wide- eyed as I saw movement from the two wolves I thought were dead.
Isaiah noticed the movement as well and stood up, leaning on his good leg. “We have to try.” He stumbled forward. “Keep the gun pointed. If it took them down once, it will do it again.”
I nodded my agreement, lifting my father’s arm over my shoulder and together we hobbled away from the still fighting wolves.

We made it about two miles before the wolves attacked once again and just like the last time they attacked us, I shot them. The beige wolf that had helped us earlier was nowhere to be seen. Once the animals were out, we continued our journey down the mountain. “They are not normal wolves are they?” I asked Isaiah hesitantly; not exactly sure I wanted the answer.
“I don’t think so,” he mumbled as if to himself. “I should have brought silver bullets.”
My eyes widened as I gazed at man next to me. “You think they are werewolves?”
“It’s the only thing that explains why they kept healing after you shot them.” He grew quiet as I helped him over a rotted out log. His brown dirt covered boot got caught in a hole, but after I yanked it out, we continued on. “And why that wolf helped you.”
“What do you mean?” 
“When you turned your back to shoot the first wolf, the brown wolf jumped at you, the beige colored one attacked him.” Isaiah grunted in pain as he stumbled over a tree root. “He saved your life. I can’t imagine a wild wolf doing that if his pack was attacking.”
I went quiet, I couldn’t think of anything to say. Were werewolves real? I just couldn’t fathom it. But I had to agree with everything Isaiah said, it was the only thing that explained all that had happened. 
The wolves must have given up on us and when we had almost reached the bottom of the mountain we stopped at the ranger station we had passed on the way up. After we explained what happened to the rangers and asked for medical assistance we settled on a hard wooden bench to wait as one of the men worked on Isaiah’s leg. The other three went to find Aiden’s remains. They returned a few hours later with a body bag. Isaiah made arrangements for the transfer of his son before he was taken to a hospital. I was silent as we made the journey; the image of the wolf ripping my best friend apart was burned in my brain. 
We didn’t stay at the hospital long. Apparently the bite was not as bad as we assumed it would be. 
When we arrived home, Isaiah slipped into his room and closed the door. I stood outside of it, not sure if I should disturb him, but I really didn’t want to be alone. There was a hole in my heart and I felt lost. With Aiden gone, what would I do now? My best friend, my partner in crime, how could I travel through life without him. I reached out to the knob, desperately in need of support from the only family I had left. But my hand froze when the sounds of deep gut-wrenching sobbing drifted through the door. The sound was filled with so much sorrow and misery it broke my heart. My chest filled with emptiness that I knew would never be filled. I felt a tear run down my cheek. It was the first time I had cried since my parents had abandoned me. Instead of tuning the knob, I sunk to the floor and leaned against the wall. I cried silently listening to the strongest man I knew fall apart.

One month later
Every moment since that tragic day had been horrible. When Isaiah and I weren’t mourning Aiden, there was an unspoken ominous question hovering in the air. If what we believed was true and there were such things as werewolves, than it was possible that Isaiah would soon be one. We had heard all the legends of werewolves, but never believed until a month ago that they were actually real, but after what we witnessed, we couldn’t dismiss the possibility. 
“Tonight’s the full moon,” Isaiah muttered four weeks after the attack. 
I was sitting at the table eating eggs and trying to forget. In my delusional mind, Aiden had been called back to the army and was doing training drills with all of our fellow soldiers. “I know,” I whispered so low no human would hear me. Unfortunately Isaiah did, he turned around from the oven and gave me a stern glare. I had been testing him in the past few weeks, trying to decide if all of the legends were true. And so far they had turned out to be. He was faster and all of his senses were heightened. Besides hearing, he could see farther than I could even imagine and since his bite had healed so quickly, I cut his arm and watched it heal. Both of us just gaped as his skin knitted back together.
“I have all the chains and a padlock for the door. All you’ll have to do is lock it behind you.”
I nodded my head staring at my food as a lump formed in my throat. I took a drink of water to wash it down. I would not cry again. The night Aiden died, I had cried myself to sleep and woke up sprawled on the wooden floor in the hallway. I rushed into my own room, not wanting Isaiah to see me. Since that day, he barely spoke. And when he did, it was grunts and one word sentences. Besides our worry for his transformation, we kept to ourselves mourning our loss privately. 
Aiden was laid to rest in our local military graveyard, even though he didn’t die in battle. I was granted an extended leave to mourn my brother, but I had no intension on returning for duty. Of course, I hadn’t informed my superiors of my plans yet, it wasn’t easy to get out of the military, and I knew they wouldn’t let me go without a good reason. I had a different mission now, one I had thought of that night on the floor as I listened to the strongest man I knew break apart. And whether or not I would follow through on it would depend on the outcome of tonight.
I stuffed the rest of my eggs into my mouth and put my dish in the basin.
“Are you ready?” Isaiah asked from behind me.
I turned around to face him, a ball of dread forming in the pit of my stomach. “Yes.”
“Let’s go.” 
For the rest of the morning we prepared for the night to come. All month Isaiah had been melting anything silver in the house and forming them into bullets. I had to handle the silver objects and load them into the melting pot because Isaiah had developed a reaction to it, another clue that our fear of his changing into a wolf was more than just a suspicion. So when he loaded the gun with the new bullets, he wore gloves, while I secured the silver chains to the bolts that we had fasted to the concrete in the basement. We were quiet while we worked, doing what he thought was necessary. And when there was nothing else we could do, he sat in front of the fire and looked at pictures of his late wife. I knew he needed privacy so I went to the library, back to the research I had started the day after Aiden was killed. I had been engrossing myself in numerous mystical books, reading up on werewolf legends and then moving on to other supernatural creatures. A few days into my research, I began corresponding with different people around the world and only now started receiving replies. I was determined to find out the truth about all I had learned and if I could, maybe even find proof of their existence.
At six o’clock, I returned home, apprehension filled my body and gripped my heart. It was almost time to find out if our suspicions were true. 
When I arrived back at the house, it was quiet, only the ticking of Isaiah’s grandfather clock could be heard around the rooms. I found him in the living room, where I had left him. This time he was gazing at a photo of me and Aiden. It was the day we had left for the army and were dressed in our uniforms.
“Would you like something to eat?” I asked in the silence of the room. When he simply shrugged, I retreated into the kitchen. I wasn’t a great cook, but I tried and knowing Isaiah’s favorites, I made him potatoes and ground meat. When it was done we ate without speaking. The house itself seemed to have taken on a depression. Since Aiden’s death the silence seemed to smother out all other sounds. I no longer heard the laughter and voices from the kids playing in the neighboring yards, or the leaves ruffling through the trees. No, it was just silence, because I knew I would never hear the only sound I longed for and that was the sound of Aiden’s voice. His loss had taken over our world. But now it was time to shift our focus to the results of his death. I just wasn’t ready to do that. I dreaded finding out for certain a fact that I already knew was true, Isaiah was a werewolf.
After our meal, Isaiah stood up from the table and began to clean. When every surface was gleaming, he headed for the basement door and before he entered, he nodded at me. “It’s time.” It was then that I noticed his face was flushed red and he was sweating. 
I followed him down the stairs; our shoes thudded against the wooden steps echoing in the small space around us.
When we reached the bottom, he laid down on the bare mattress we had placed down there earlier. He held his arms and legs out and I stepped towards him, placing his wrists and ankles in the manacles. My heart ached at the scene before me. The man that had taken me in when I had nobody, who raised me as he had his own son was chained up and completely vulnerable. It was too much, I had to look away. “Umm…” I cleared my throat, pushing the lump that had formed back. “Is there anything you need? Water or a blanket?” I placed the bowl full of raw meat I had brought down with me on the floor near the bed.
“No, I’m fine, but I’d like you to go now.”
Alarm bells went off in my mind. “No, I...“
Isaiah’s cool hazel eyes turned to focus on me and I swear they turned yellow. “Sebastian, I know you want to help me, but I can’t let you see me this way. You need to go.”
Without any more objections I nodded and rushed up the stairs. As I reached the top, Isaiah yelled out. “Don’t forget to lock it.”
I closed the door behind me and turned the locks. The door was steel and we had installed it a few days before. There was no way Isaiah could get out and if he did, I was charged with a gun loaded with the silver bullets. Isaiah’s instructions were to stop him from leaving the house. He didn’t want to risk anymore innocent lives.
I wasn’t exactly sure if all of these precautions were needed. Just because Isaiah’s body might turn into a beast didn’t mean his mind would. But when I had mentioned that to Isaiah, he didn’t want to take any chances. He wouldn’t be the man I admired if he did. He would never risk mine or anyone in the neighborhoods lives and that was one of the reason I admired him so much. 
I sat down on the floor, leaning against the sofa, across from the basement door and waited; the gun lay beside me on the wooden planks. An hour later, as my head started to bob with fatigue, I heard the sound of a groan that soon deepened into a growl. Chains rustled for a few minutes and then I heard nothing. The silence went on for hours and when I could take it no longer, I pulled more raw meat out of the fridge and went to the basement door. My hands were shaking as I turned the locks. When I pushed the door open nothing happened. There was no savage wolf at the top of the stairs, foaming at the mouth like Isaiah expected. There were just the empty wooden steps that led down to the dark basement, lit with only a few lights.
I stepped down the creaky stairs, holding the bowl cautiously out in front of me. If he attacked, hopefully the meat would tempt him more than me. When I passed the cluttered shelves and into the small room I had left Isaiah in, I noticed that the bed was empty and the manacles were still closed. At the sound of a huff of breath I spun around feeling tense with nerves. There was a dark brown wolf lying on the floor next to the bowl I had left earlier. It was empty and the wolf was sleeping. My lips turned up at the sight. Isaiah thought he would turn into a savage beast with the urge to rip out my throat. Although, I followed his instructions, I couldn’t help but wonder if he was wrong. No one as giving and kind as the gruff man who had raised an orphaned boy, would want to kill anybody, even as a supernatural werewolf.
I sat down next to him and placed the new bowl in front of his sleeping form. His nostrils flared as he sniffed the meat. His eyes blinked open and his head jerked back when he saw me. When he registered who I was and that I was down there with him, he whined and nodded his head up the stairs. 
“No. I’m going to stay with you. I know you won’t hurt me.”
He growled, showing his teeth. I knew what he was doing, he was trying to scare me away, but it wouldn’t work. Instead of jumping up and running away like he wanted, I leaned against the wall, pushing the meat closer to him. His growls stopped and he gazed into my eyes as if contemplating the situation. Finally he grunted and began to eat.
When the bowl was empty he curled up once again and eventually drifted off.
I watched him sleep for a few minutes and then looked up at the bed. I hadn’t noticed earlier but the mattress was shredded. He must have done it when he was struggling to get out of his restraints. It had to have been awful for him to go through the pain of turning into a different species only to be unable to move when the transformation was complete. Even though he had done it to himself, I didn’t blame him for any of this. He was a victim, just like Aiden was. And I intended to make the people responsible pay for what they did, no matter what.
I was still awake when Isaiah turned back into a human. I looked away, tossing a blanket over him.
When he woke up, I was still staring at the shredded mattress; a slow simmering rage flowed through my body. “I’m going to make those werewolves pay for what they did. Every last one of them will die for this.”
Isaiah stood up, the blanket wrapped around his body as he stepped up to stand next to me. His eyes were tortured with raw emotion. “But how do you fight a creature stronger than you?” He spun around and waved his hand at the ripped bed before us, as if that was proof that I was out of my league. 
I didn’t look at him as I answered; I simply stared at the claw marks. “Become a stronger creature.”
###
If you’d like to read more about Sebastian, look out for him in a new series coming…Someday soon.

Also a preview of Fated Dreams, Book One in the Affinity Series, available now, by Christina Smith


Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont


Three years ago

“How did I get here?” I asked myself for the fourth time, although I already knew the answer. My voice was muffled inside the closed, confined space.
It was Saturday night and instead of hanging out at a party with Derrick and Emma like I was supposed to be, where was I? In a closet and not the proverbial kind either. I was literally in a closet, fluffy towels and all. Why? That’s a good question and the only answer I could think of was my own stupidity.
Stephanie Brown, honey-blonde hair, vivid blue eyes and a body every boy drooled over, had it out for me. And again the question was, why? Well, the obvious answer could only be Ryan Crenshaw, her ex-boyfriend. Not that he wasn’t worthy of her attention—his wheat-colored hair and soul-deep blue eyes would make male underwear models envious—but he just wasn’t interested in her anymore. 
He told me once that the only reason he liked her in the first place was because he was new to the school and didn’t know any better. But once he did, he dumped her right on her cashmere-covered ass. And when Ryan started eating lunch with me, she decided that I was her enemy. She even convinced the entire school to hate me and the social-climbing drones of the student body listened to her. Ever since I started at Hadley Academy six months ago, the only friend I’d had was Ryan and he was only a friend. As much as Stephanie, the self-proclaimed queen of the school, thought differently.
Not that I was desperately in need of extra friends. I had two of the best ones anyone could ask for, but since they attended a public school on the other side of town, my days were filled with cold stares and the occasional prank.
I thought my luck had changed a few days ago when the queen witch herself asked me over for a slumber party with her two best friends. At first I was skeptical, considering her obvious dislike for me. But since she had made the effort, I hoped it was the start of a normal life for me at school, so I agreed against my better judgment. 
The evening started out okay. She showed me around her enormous mansion, making sure I noticed all the expensive-looking furniture, rich silks and classic artwork that were displayed throughout the rooms.
After a gourmet dinner, I followed Stephanie up to her room. It was painted red and white, with photos placed perfectly along the walls. Above her bed was a portrait of the queen herself, which I thought was tacky. 
The distinct scent of an expensive perfume filled the air; it was such a strong odor I figured she bathed in it or spilled the bottle. Either way, the smell was overpowering. I used to like that particular scent, but now I feared I could never use it without thinking of her.
She sat on her bed with her puppets, as I now called Trudy and Tara, while I took the plush, wine-colored armchair near the closet.
“So Sarah, do you think you’re pretty?” Stephanie asked. 
“Uh…I don’t know, why?” 
She scowled. “I asked Ryan why he was talking to you all the time. And do you know what he said?” 
I didn’t like where this was going. “No,” I answered quietly, afraid to look into her eyes. 
“He said that you were sweet and pretty. And that he liked your dark eyes and your long brown hair.” 
I glanced at Trudy and Tara, hoping for help, but their smirks told me I couldn’t count on them. This wasn’t good. 
She didn’t wait for a response before continuing and really, what was I going to say, she was obviously up to something. A knot of trepidation formed in the pit of my stomach. “I can’t do anything about your eyes, but I can do something about that hair.” She bent down and picked up something hidden under her bed. 
I had a feeling I knew what was about to happen and I hoped I was wrong. 
She turned back around, holding a pair of industrial-size, shiny, silver scissors. Oh shit. Her smile was all steel as she glanced at me and then at the shears. 
Now I knew why they invited me here and it wasn’t to become my friend. 
God, I was so stupid. Why would I think that after months of her ignoring me, the frost queen would suddenly be nice to me? I should have known that a girl like her, rich, snobby and just plain mean, was incapable of change. 
Glaring at the scissors, I gulped, making the only decision I could think of. I took off out the door of her bedroom. 
As I ran down the hall, I heard her yell, “Get her, girls.” 
This was so cliché. I was living a horror flick and I couldn’t believe I fell for it. 

So now the question was, how did I get myself out of this odd situation I suddenly found myself in? 
It was so dark in the closet I couldn’t see the hand I held out in front of my face. If there was a light bulb in here, I wasn’t going to turn it on for fear I’d give away my position. A floral scent wafted around the tiny cubby. I stretched out my hand and felt the soft towels that were folded neatly on a shelf beside me. 
With my head pressed against the door, I sat down on the floor, trying to think of what to do next. My eyes were closed as I listened carefully, hearing only my own breathing and the faint sound of footsteps as they searched another part of the house. I was safe, for now. Although I knew I couldn’t hide forever. 
Since I had nothing else to do, I tapped my knee with my finger to the tune of the national anthem. It must have helped my thought process, because I remembered something. I had seen a phone sitting on a stand in the hall on my way to this closet. Maybe I could crawl over to it while the crazy girls were occupied and call my mom. Then I could sneak outside and wait behind some bushes. I really didn’t want a haircut. I couldn’t believe she was going to chop off my hair just because her ex-boyfriend talked to me and became my friend. 
What was I thinking; of course she would. 
I waited a few seconds, making sure they were still out of hearing distance before making my move. 
Opening the door very slowly, I crawled out, looking around to make sure I was alone. Since my eyes had adapted to the darkness of the small closet, they now felt strained from the wash of light coming from the fixture above me. The hallway was clear, so I continued to crawl slowly on my hands and knees along the soft oatmeal-colored carpet, careful not to make any sound. The phone was just a couple feet away on a small oak table against the wall. 
I was almost there when I heard a squeaky voice I recognized as Tara’s. “There she is,” she yelled, pointing at me from the other end of the hallway. 
Crap. I stood up and ran as fast as I could for the portable handset. I picked it up and dialed my number quickly. My mom answered, “Hello.” 
The words “come get me” rushed out of my mouth before a well-manicured hand reached for the receiver. I turned to see Stephanie slam her finger down, ending my call and the only chance of escape.
She smiled wickedly; her fierce blue eyes shot out imaginary icicles that filled me with fear. “This is going to be so much fun.”
Tara and Trudy held on to me while I pleaded with them to stop. I hoped that they would feel guilty and let me go. That hope was short-lived when I saw laughter in their eyes. They were just as evil as Stephanie was.
As I struggled, I felt the first cut and some of my hair that had taken years to grow fell to the floor. I panicked, stomped on someone’s foot and took off running. Fingers slipped from my skin. I was free.
“Get her, now!” the evil witch screamed. In my haste I tripped on the edge of the carpet, giving Tara a chance to grab my arm before I could get away, her pointed nails digging into my skin. 
They held on tighter this time and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t get away. I sobbed quietly as they chopped off my hair. My heart sank with every snip of the scissors. The strands brushed my arm and feet as they fell to the floor, feeling like soft feathers caressing my skin. I closed my eyes, hoping that was all it was, a pillow torn open above my head.
When the awful snipping sounds stopped, I opened my eyes to see most of my hair lying in clumps at me feet. I could no longer pretend they were anything else. I knew that the pile of brown clippings curled up along the carpet was mine. I stared down at it with a feeling of numbness. my long mane that I had taken such care of was now taunting me from the floor. When I was little, I asked to have long hair just like my mother. After that, she would brush it lovingly every night, buying products to keep it soft and shiny. She said it was one of the reasons she wanted a daughter, to dress her up and play with her hair. And now the remaining pieces lay on the floor, being stomped on by Stephanie’s open-toed red sandals. 
They let me go and started to laugh. “I don’t think Ryan will be interested in you now. My goodness, Sarah, what happened to your hair?” she mocked. “You know, you really should stop going to your dad’s barber.” Stephanie’s sick attempt at humor made the lump in my throat threaten to grow. 
Trudy and Tara laughed at her joke with twin high-pitched screeches. They were eerily similar, with matching gray eyes, black hair and milky complexions. If Trudy wasn’t four inches taller than Tara, I’d think they were twins, although they weren’t even related.
I ran to Stephanie’s room, picked up my bag and took off in the direction of the front door. As I rushed out, I heard her shrill voice calling after me. “Oh Sarah, are you leaving so soon?” And of course more laughter followed. 
I stumbled out of her house into the night. In the darkness, I followed the walkway to the road, feeling embarrassed and angry and an ache formed in my chest before the tears started to fall. 
I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going and started walking aimlessly. My tears were flowing hard, obscuring my view. My foot caught in a crack in the road and I fell to the ground. My hands dug into the asphalt, scraping my palms. 
I pushed myself up and continued walking. 
Would this horror movie ever end? I hoped to wake up in my room, having dreamed the whole thing. Closing my eyes, I willed it to be true, but fate was not on my side; this was really happening. I was still here wandering the roads, praying I was heading in the right direction. 
After what seemed like hours, I saw headlights behind me. A car pulled along the sidewalk and the passenger side window slowly rolled down. “OH, MY GOD, SARAH! WHAT HAPPENED?” my mother yelled from the driver’s seat. 



Chapter One
The Dream

The fact that he was present made me realize I was dreaming. In reality, he wouldn’t be caught dead talking to me. It was early evening and I was sitting on one of the swings from my brother’s old swing set, staring up at the starry sky. It was peaceful, with a warm breeze gently brushing my face. My hair fell into my eyes. The scent of lilacs drifted in the air.
I had just pushed off the ground and swung upwards when I heard a creaking sound behind me. I glanced back to see him open the gate and walk into our yard. He smiled at me, his hazel eyes sparkling in the moonlight as he sat down on the swing next to mine. We sat together silently, swinging gently, looking up at the moon and the stars. 
Suddenly, a bright light shone from behind us, followed by a very shrill noise…or was it a scream? 
Thump, thump, thump. My eyes shot open. A banging sound came from somewhere, interrupting my sleep. I wasn’t ready to wake yet, so I threw the pillow over my head to muffle the noise.
“Sarah, get up, Mom’s been calling you,” Alex, my fifteen-year-old brother, bellowed from the other side of my bedroom door. 
“I’m up,” I yelled, tossing the pillow aside and closing my eyes again.
I jumped at the sound of another thump. “Go away!” God, can’t anyone sleep in around here? I heard him stomp down the hall, leaving me to nestle under my covers to go back to sleep. Just as I was drifting off again, a thought appeared in my foggy brain; I was supposed to do something, wasn’t I? My eyes popped open, focusing on the dirt splotch on my ceiling above me left by a ball I had thrown up years ago. I knew I should wash it off, but I sometimes found myself staring up at it and seeing shapes in the dust. Once, after studying for a difficult biology exam, the shape of a happy face appeared. It made me feel better about the test. But now I lay staring at it trying to figure out what day it was and then I did. It was Monday and I was late for school. Filled with panic, I jumped up to have a quick shower. 

By the time I was finished getting ready for school, my mom had already left. There was a note on the kitchen table telling me that she had taken Alex to school and that I had better not be late. There was a threat in there too, but I wasn’t worried. She was pretty lenient—well, only when my dad was away on business. She was always joking with him that someone had to be the grown-up. My dad was more like a kid than an adult, more like a friend than a father. My brother and I were lucky in the parent department. Yes, my mother was a little more responsible than my dad, but we didn’t really have many rules. She trusted us to make the right choices. She was very good with guilt, so before I did something stupid, I would think of the guilt trip she’d lay out…and change my mind. 
I took a juice box and a granola bar from the pantry, grabbed my coat off the hook and headed out the door. 
It was hot and sunny out and I instantly regretted the coat. Shaking it off, I ran to my car, a used silver-blue, two-door SUV I got for my sixteenth birthday. It was a bribe from my mother to make me go to Hadley Academy. Even though I only lasted at the snooty school for six months, I was able to keep the bribe. It was an older car, but that was okay, it had character. So what if the passenger side door stuck on rainy days and it sometimes smelled of pipe tobacco? It was all part of the charm and besides, it was free. I paid for the insurance and gas with the money I made working at the multiplex. With only a few shifts a week, I didn’t make a lot. But I was pretty good at saving. 
As I drove, I noticed that only a few leaves had changed. It was the second week of September and this beautiful weather wasn’t going to last long. 
I arrived at my school, Hamilton High, a large dull-gray stone building that slightly resembled a prison. Considering my last school, I was okay with its appearance.
Parking in the student parking lot wasn’t always easy, since I was usually late. I was often left with the spot furthest from the entrance and today was no different. 
Rushing to the front doors, I noticed my mom’s car, a candy-red convertible. It was her gift to herself after she turned forty. She worked here, unfortunately, as the vice principal. It’s not as bad as it sounds, having a mother that works at your school. With a building this size, I didn’t see her that often. This was my last year of high school anyway. In the fall, I was heading to NYU for their teaching program; I was going to become a music teacher. I had been playing the piano since I was five. My mother’s dream for me was to follow in her footsteps and become a teacher, so I thought combining our dreams was a good compromise. 
 I was running from my locker, after having put my bag inside, when the bell rang. Crap. I was late again. I’m not good with mornings, so this happens every so often. 
Just as I turned the corner heading to my first period English class, I slammed into someone. Our sneakers squeaked against the white tile as we collided. A pile of books fell to the floor in a heap. 
I bent down to pick them up. “I’m so sorry,” I stammered, but the words were barely out of my mouth before the person took off down the hall.
It was a guy and he had picked up his books so fast, I didn’t even see his face. All I noticed was the back of his head as I watched him run off. His hair was shaggy and brown and he was quite a bit taller than my five foot five. The gray sweatshirt and jeans he wore weren’t helpful at identifying him either, since a lot of kids in school dressed that way. 
“Miss Samson, is there a reason you’re loitering in the hallway when class is starting?”
Turning toward the voice, I saw Mr. Henderson standing in front of his classroom. He was short and stout with a receding hair line that made his forehead look gigantic. And since his glasses always fell to the bridge of his nose, no matter how many times he pushed them back, a few kids made fun of him.  I, however, would never do such a thing. 
“You wouldn’t want me to report you to your mother, would you?” he said in a snarly tone.
“I’m going,” I mumbled as I took off in the direction of my first class. 
I wasn’t that late. The kids were just getting settled, opening their books and getting out their pens, when I snuck into my seat.
“You’re late,” Derrick, one of my best friends, whispered from behind me. Miss Reynolds, our English teacher, was just starting her lesson and didn’t notice him talking. “We’re meeting Emma outside today for lunch,” he whispered again. I nodded my head, focusing on the rest of the lesson. 
My next class was my favorite, music and part of the reason I liked it so much was the teacher, Miss. Fitzgerald. She had long auburn hair that was always pulled back in a braid and she constantly wore long flowing skirts with peasant blouses. I once heard Mr. Henderson call her a Bohemian. 
For the last week we had been studying a piece she composed. It was complex and challenging to learn; luckily, I loved a challenge. I was to play the piano for the piece and was excited for the night we would get to perform for the school and our parents. We were working on our own today, each of us learning our parts.
I was lost in the music when Miss Fitzgerald came over and stood beside me. My fingers stilled as I glanced up at her. “Wonderful, Sarah, you're doing great. I can’t wait to hear the whole piece. Julliard will be lucky to have you,” she said, smiling. Her arms were crossed in front of her as she leaned on the edge of the piano.
“Thank you, Miss Fitzgerald. But I doubt I’ll get a job there after college.”
“Sarah, you could be a concert pianist and yet you choose to teach. They should welcome you with open arms.” 
I blushed, unable to hide my excitement at her words, even though I couldn’t get my hopes up. I had always wanted to teach there, but I knew it was a difficult position to acquire. I would just have to wait and see.
Her words put me in a good mood and after class was over, I headed to my locker, humming the tune I had been playing.
I had to ditch my books and get my lunch. As I fumbled with my locker door, my arms loaded with books, a blue spiral notebook slipped out of my fingers and landed on the floor with a thump.
I bent down to pick it up and realized it wasn’t my name scrawled on the front, it was Lucas Tate’s. His loopy handwriting was barely legible. Why did I have his book? I shoved it into my locker and ran outside to meet my friends; I’d figure it out later. 
They were at one of the far picnic tables. Since it was still warm outside, a lot of the tables that were placed throughout the schoolyard were occupied with other students that wanted to enjoy the sunshine. 
I strolled toward them, in no hurry, enjoying the heat of the sun on my face and the scent of grass as the janitor chugged along the football field on his riding lawn mower. The low purr of his motor, mixed with the temperature, made it feel like springtime. But we weren’t so lucky; it was only a matter of time before the air would turn cold. “Hey, guys” I said, sitting down next to Emma.
Derrick was on the other side and I wouldn’t be surprised if they had been staring into each other’s eyes. They both had a huge crush on each other, but neither of them would admit it. The only reason I could think of for them to hold back their feelings was that we all had been best friends forever. Whether that was the reason or not, I had no idea.
“I heard you were late again,” Emma mumbled, her mouth full of ham sandwich. 
I opened my lunch, taking out the pepperoni and cheese sandwich, saving the apple and caramel snack cake for later. “I wasn’t that late and besides, it wasn’t my fault. I bumped into someone and had to pick up my books.” I didn’t mention that I was running late before that happened.
Derrick opened his mouth to speak, except I wasn’t listening. I just realized why I had Lucas’ book. It was him that I bumped into. That explained the fast departure. 
Lucas Tate was his twin brother. And by his, I mean Logan Tate, the most popular guy in school, although nobody could figure out why. He was kind of a jerk, but got away with it because of his looks. He was the type of guy you could stare at all day, but hoped wouldn’t speak. He was also the boy who starred in my dream last night. 
Emma waved her hand in front of my face. “What are you thinking about?” 
Snapping out of my own thoughts, I looked over at her. “I just figured out who it was I bumped into this morning.”
Derrick glanced at me, his brow furrowed in confusion. “What do you mean, you just figured it out? How could you not know, were your eyes closed?” He smirked at his own joke. 
I blinked at him. “Ah…no, but he ran off before I saw who it was. When I was putting my books away, I realized I had an extra one, with Lucas Tate’s name on it.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Well, that explains it.” She looked away from us as Martin Macpherson, star quarterback and the object of my six-month-long crush in tenth grade, rushed by, chasing after a fellow team member, Rudy Myer, who cradled a football. She gave me a knowing glance as my cheeks heated from habit more than actual interest and then continued. “He never talks to anyone.”
She was right. Lucas was Logan’s twin brother, but they were nothing alike. Logan loved to be the center of attention while Lucas went out of his way to avoid it. The only people I ever saw him with were his two best friends Andy Taylor and Kyle Roberts. They were good guys. I had a few classes with them and we’ve talked some. 
Lucas was different in another way from his brother. He wore glasses and kept his coffee-colored hair long, almost reaching his shoulders, as if he didn’t care what it looked like. Logan’s was always cut short and styled to perfection and he always dressed in the latest styles. Lucas, however, wore sweatshirts and jeans almost every day. 
I was deep in thought when I heard Derrick’s voice. “What is wrong with girls in this school?” 
“What are you talking about?” Emma asked, tossing back her long red curls and batting her thick lashes over her olive-green eyes. Why didn’t Derrick see when she was flirting? 
“Look at Allison Morey over there flirting with Logan. He treats people like crap and stupid girls like her still hang all over him, just because he’s a pretty boy.” He shook his head. “I just don’t get it.”
While he was ranting, I glanced over to where Logan was sitting with his friends and sure enough, there were a few girls flaunting themselves at him. 
“Don’t ask us, you don’t see me or Sarah over there, do you?” Emma defended us as girls who went to this school. I really couldn’t tell them that I was dreaming about him after this. It was true what they were saying and I was not interested in Logan at all. Well, only to look at maybe. But why would I dream about him? 
“Oh my God, Sarah. I forgot to tell you.” Her green eyes were alight with excitement. “Guess who I saw this weekend when I was shopping in Langton with my mom.”
I stared at her, my mind blank. I had no idea who it could be. “The president?”
She chuckled, waving her sandwich at me. “No, dummy. Stephanie.”
Just the sound of her name gave me the chills. “Lucky you.” I grinned, thinking about the last time I saw her at the beach. My brown hair was still short after my unwanted cut, but styled in a cute spiky bob. My friends and I were enjoying a day of sun. Her mouth popped open in shock when she noticed me. Derrick, who knew about what had happened, draped his arm around me and whispered in my ear as though we were a couple. Of course we weren’t—he was my best friend—but she didn’t have to know that. A few of his buddies were also there, dressed only in swimsuits, showing off their tanned muscular bodies. 
To her, it looked like I was surrounded by three hunky guys all vying for my attention. So I wasn’t surprised that she stared at me coldly, shooting daggers in my direction. I just smiled and waved at her, making her so angry, she stomped off the beach with her puppets following her.
“Who’s Stephanie?” Derrick asked, but before I answered, his eyes widened. “Isn’t she that witch who cut your hair?”
Since he caught me with my mouth full, I just nodded.
“You really need to get back at her.” He shook his head, staring down at his soda can.
I swallowed. “Why, she’s a spoiled rich snob. I don’t care what she thinks.” I took a sip of my drink. “Besides, wouldn’t that be stooping to her level?”
“Who cares, she deserves it,” he shot back at me. Emma and I exchanged glances as he creased his brows in thought. “You know what you should do?”
I chuckled, never having seen this side of him before. “What?” I asked.
“Dye her hair green or her skin blue. Hell, a little hair removal in her shampoo bottle would do her some good.”
Who knew he could be so vindictive and utterly girlish? All that was missing from his suggestions was hair pulling. I raised an eyebrow instead of answering. He shrugged. “So I watch too many cheesy chick flicks, it’s your fault.”
Emma laughed at him then turned to me. “So Sarah, what are you going to do about Lucas’ book?”
Derrick glanced at her and answered for me. “What’s the big deal, just go up and tell him that you have it. He’s sitting right over there.” He gestured with his hand. I looked over to where he pointed. Lucas was sitting with Andy and Kyle two tables away. I hoped he hadn’t heard us talking about him. 
Emma was glaring at Derrick like he’d lost his mind. “She can’t just go over there, he won’t talk to her.” 
“What’s the big deal?” he asked again, shrugging his shoulders. 
“You are such a guy.” She tossed the crust from her bread down on the table. Emma was the only seventeen-year-old I knew who still didn’t eat the crust on her sandwich.
I decided to interrupt them. “Oh my God, it’s not a big deal, I’m going.” They could bicker back and forth for hours if I let them. I just wished they’d finally kiss and get it over with.
I stood up and headed over to where Lucas and his friends were sitting. I could feel Emma and Derrick’s gazes on my back. 
As I approached their table, Kyle and Andy smiled and nodded to me. Andy asked if I was finished with my homework for our chemistry class and I said yes. While we were talking, Lucas never looked up from the paperback he was reading. “Lucas?” I couldn’t keep the slight tremble out of my voice. Nothing; he still didn’t look up. “Lucas!” I said a little louder.
Andy and Kyle just shrugged. “Dude!” Andy smacked Lucas’ shoulder.
He finally glanced up at me, his glasses falling forward a bit. He pushed them back then glared at me with his deep hazel eyes. He was quite good-looking when you were close enough to notice. He was tanned and his long brown hair suited him, giving him a rugged look. He had a strong jaw and a sprinkle of freckles along the bridge of his nose.
“What?” he said, interrupting my thoughts.
I was a little flustered at his annoyed expression. “Um…I don’t know if you know me? My name is Sarah” 
“I know who you are,” he interrupted. 
“Well, you dropped your book when I bumped into you this morning. I didn’t bring it with me, but if you want to meet me at my locker, I can give it to you.” 
He looked at me like I was speaking a different language. “Why don’t you just bring it with you to history next period and give it to me there.” 
I was shocked. “You’re in my history class?” 
Now he looked even more annoyed. “I sit behind you in the back corner and you probably didn’t notice me because you’re always talking to Emma.” 
I felt a twinge of guilt, but it was quickly replaced by irritation. Why would it matter to him if I always talked to Emma? To my knowledge, he didn’t even know I existed before today. “Fine, I’ll do that.” My voice was cold, but I didn’t care. 
I nodded to the other guys and walked back to our table. “You were right. I shouldn’t have gone over there. He’s weird.” I told them what happened. 
As I knew she would, Emma gloated with an “I told you so.” 



Acknowledgements

Again, I have many people that helped with this new novel. First, I would like to thank all of my family for all the support and allowing me to run my ideas by them. 

I’d like to thank my cousin Tracy, my mother and Mother-in-law for pre-editing this book.
Thanks to Christina Hickey for her medical input and making my own attempts more believable.

To Ashley Stoyanoff, author of The Souls Mark: Found, for taking time from her busy schedule to give me her opinion on the first chapter.

To my very first Beta reader Jonel Boyko, her advice and opinions were very helpful.
Again, to my husband Brad and children, Josh and Megan. Thank you for being patient with me while I was locked up in my room writing. I love you all.

And to Stephanie Mooney for creating such a great cover and Heather Sowalla for doing the final edit.

And to all my readers who waited patiently to find out how the series ends. I hope you all like it. 

About the Author


Christina Smith grew up in Kingston Ontario, Canada and after getting married, moved to a small rural town in the country. She lives there with her husband, Brad, two kids, Josh and Megan and their dog, Bailey. Even though the house is peaceful, surrounded by nature and the occasional deer, she’s still a city girl at heart. She misses civilization and visits with her mother and two sisters.

She spends a lot of free time writing and has numerous ideas for future novels for both young adult and adult fiction. 

Catch up with Christina for more information about her books on:

Twitter @CSmithbooks

Facebook- https://www.facebook.com/christina.smith.7161953 or Christina Smith-Author


Christina’s website: www.christinasmithbooks.com






