


Riley’s Torment
A Moon’s Glow Novel #2
Christina Smith



Published by Christina Smith
Smashwords edition
Copyright ©2013 Christina Smith
Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved.
http://mooneydesigns.net/
Edited by Christina Hickey at Ensconced in YA.
http://cahreviews.blogspot.com


Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith
Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)
Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)
Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel
Riley’s Secret #1, A Moon’s Glow Novel
Finding Abigail- an adult suspense romance for ages 18 and up



 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously



 

For Brad, my loving husband, friend, and sounding board.





Prologue

The wind was crisp and cool as he watched the young woman on the porch. It was past nightfall, and the shadows had slithered their way over the horizon, sucking all the light from the sky. But he could see her perfectly through the branches that gave him cover. Her eyes darted around, scanning the night. Was the darkness making her anxious? Or was it the immense forest that loomed at the edge of the yard before her?
She gazed toward the tall trees as though she was considering entering the lush woodland. At the sound of an eerie howl, she looked away. Instead, she picked up the book she had discarded minutes before and began to read by the light that shone from the porch lamp. Her long, silky hair hung like a veil around the book, hiding her face from view. He longed to brush it back, so he could see those beautiful green eyes and the freckles that dotted her soft skin. Thankfully, the words didn’t hold her attention for very long, because her gaze continued to roam towards the forest.
She stood up, leaving the book on the bench, and wandered to the railing, leaning over to get a better view of the woods. She squinted in the direction of the trees and bushes. The branches swayed gently in a gust of wind that blew strands of hair into her face. She stepped down from the porch and crept cautiously to the edge of the woods.
A crow cawed from an oak tree above her, and she jumped, spinning in its direction. There were lots of noises out in the woods. Was she going to jump at every sound? The crickets and frogs croaked noisily. A splash in the lake behind her had her spinning around in time to see a bird dive in the water. Her strawberry colored hair flew around her face. 
At night, the darkness took on an infinite, inky blackness. The shadows turned simple trees and animals into sinister creatures. Since he was one of those creatures, he understood her fear.
Holding her hand to her heart, she took a deep breath and peered into the trees at the path where he had entered earlier. Once again, she was startled by the simplest of sounds. This time it was a squirrel and a chipmunk scurrying through the underbrush. Giving up, she turned around to head back into the house.
The sound of his deep growl behind her had her freezing in place. She whirled around and saw him. He sat at the edge of the trees on his hind legs, watching her. His body was large; he was probably the biggest wolf the girl had ever seen. His paws were the size of human hands with long sharp claws. He growled, and his glassy eyes focused only on her as he took a step forward.
The young woman was about to back away when she noticed the blood that was dripping from his long pointed teeth. 
“Damn it, Nate, did you eat?” Her face clouded with annoyance, and she spun on her heels, away from the wolf, storming off into the direction of the cottage.
A hand rested on the girl’s shoulder, stopping her just as she reached the steps. “It was just a little bunny,” Nate explained, wearing the t-shirt and jeans she had left out for him.
“Well, you better not have spoiled your appetite. I made you dinner,” Megan replied with a smirk.
He grinned as he leaned down to kiss her.




Chapter One
The Choice

I was having the dream again. I hadn’t had it since I was in grade school. It always began the same way, with my parents and me at the breakfast table, eating. My father’s nose was in a legal brief, and my mother was engrossed in a fashion magazine. I had asked my father for a ride to school, and he never looked up. I asked again and still nothing. I gave up on him and turned to my mother, telling her that I needed a permission slip signed for a field trip at school. Instead of answering, she licked her fingers and used them to turn the pages, her long platinum tresses draping around her face. I yelled at her to answer, and yet she continually ignored me. I gazed at my parents, fighting back the tears that burned in my eyes, and as I looked down at my hands, they began to fade away. A panicked inspection over the rest of my body showed me why they were ignoring me. I was disappearing from view. My voice had suddenly stopped, and when I tried to scream out for help, nothing came. I had actually become as my parents always thought of me—invisible.
Light kisses on each fingertip woke me from the disturbing dream, and I instantly felt relief. I was with the man that would always see me. With Nate, I would feel loved and cherished forever. It brought a smile to my face as I opened my heavy eyelids. His intense blue eyes looked down at me as he hovered above the bed. He was already dressed for work, and he bent over, holding my hand. 
“Good morning,” he said softly, with a breathtaking smile.
I grinned sleepily at him and sat up. “Are you leaving already?” I asked, tucking a few stray strands of hair behind my ear.
He let go of my hand and stood up. His charcoal gray suit was creased at the top of his legs. His bright red tie was a pop of color that brightened his face. 
“Yes, we have an early meeting. But I’ll be home in plenty of time for our dinner.” 
It was our sixth month anniversary, and I wanted to do something special. I had the whole night planned out for weeks. But all he knew was not to eat ahead of time. “You’d better be. I don’t get a chance to cook for you that often.”
His lips twitched as if he wanted to laugh or make a joke, but he knew better to start that this early in the morning. “It’s seven o’clock; don’t you have to be at the shelter at eight?”
I jumped out of bed. “Crap, why didn’t you wake me?”
“You looked so peaceful, I didn’t have the heart.” He reached out for my hand and pulled me in close, his lips touching mine.
“You might not want to do that when you smell my morning breath,” I whispered against his lips. 
“I think I can suffer through it,” he said with laughter in his voice. He kissed me deeply, his hands roaming the back of the oversized t-shirt I wore to bed. I was getting lost in his kiss until an image of two little boys flashed in my mind. I had to get to work. I had a new family that I was interviewing today. Anna, the social worker that usually advised the Riley House, had sent over their pictures, and those eyes had stayed with me. There were a few people that wanted the room that Mr. Daniels was vacating in a week, but I really wanted to give it to the boy’s family. But first, I had to go through the review process. The problem was, we didn’t have enough rooms, and I had been thinking of a solution for that. I just had to finish up my research and run it by Julia and Nate.
I pulled away from Nate as much as I hated to. But I had to hurry if I was going to make my meeting. “You’d better get to work,” I whispered, out of breath. 
He nuzzled my neck, and then stood up. “You’re right. I can’t wait until tonight when I can have you in my arms again.”
A giggle escaped my lips at his words. I had never felt as loved as I did each moment I was with him.
He reluctantly left after another kiss.
Without the hunky werewolf to distract me, I took a deep breath to calm my racing heart and then slipped into the shower. It didn’t take me long. I blow-dried my hair, put it up in a messy bun, and then slapped on some makeup. I picked out a black tight fitting pantsuit. I wanted to look professional and older, but not too fancy. I was meeting with families down on their luck, and I didn’t want them to feel uncomfortable. With a quick spritz of my ginger body spray, I was off.
I ate a granola bar in the car while I thought about the three families I would be seeing today. I had taken over running the charity when we graduated high school, and Nate started working full time at Riley's Department store. Julia had run the charity off and on for years and could probably do it without me, but she had told me often enough that she really appreciated my help. When we first met, she had recognized something in me that she herself had felt on her first day. It was the need to help others. I had been searching for a purpose without really knowing it, and after one day at the shelter, I had found it. 
I was lost before I met Nate. Before him, I hung out with shallow snobs that only liked me for my money and my family’s prestige. One night my so-called friends had started a fire by setting off fireworks, and I was the only one who cared enough to see if the family was okay. And for my trouble, I was accused of starting the fire and given two hundred hours of community service at Riley House—where I ran into Nate. We didn't hit it off immediately though. He thought I had something to do with the fire and was continuously rude to me. But that didn't take away from how much I loved working there. Getting a chance to help others awakened something inside me, and I finally felt fulfilled. So when Nate was wanted at the store, his family’s business, I jumped at the chance to take his old job, training the new volunteers. There was also office work involved, and I loved it. Helping residents find work and places to live was my favorite part. In the few months I had been working there, this was the first time that I would have to choose between three candidates. The people that our social worker selected had always been easy to choose, but this time, it was between three deserving families that were down on their luck through no fault of their own. It was going to be the hardest decision I’d ever have to make, and I was beginning to feel sick to my stomach.
As I stopped at a stop light, I glanced at the rear-view mirror where a black sedan was stopped as well. While I waited for red to turn green, I thought over the idea I had been working on since I started the job. I wanted to expand Riley House to add a few more rooms but was afraid with the zoning we’d run into problems, and I was right. Apparently, you couldn’t build too close to the property line, and there wasn’t enough space at the back of the lot. When I had discussed it with Nate, all he said was that we couldn’t help everyone, even though from the look in his eyes, I knew he wanted to. 
Finally, green shone above me, and I moved into traffic once again. I turned on Willow in the direction of the shelter. I noticed the black sedan make the same move. When Addison Avenue came into view, butterflies bounced inside my stomach at the thought of what my day held. Minutes later, I pulled into the back lot at the shelter and parked next to Julia. Once I had climbed out, I spun around, vaguely noticing the black sedan now parked on the street. I wondered if it belonged to one of people I was meeting with. I doubted it though. The car was new and shiny, and the groups I was working with wouldn’t be able to afford it.
I started thinking about parking space. The parking lot was large enough and far enough from the property line to add more rooms. I’d just have to figure out another parking situation. Although the neighborhood was a residential zone, we were able to stay since we were a non-profit organization. But when I started talking to officials about expanding, they started spewing out technical words that I didn’t understand. I sighed, thinking again about having to turn away two families, and spun on my heels to head in. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted a for sale sign on the house next door. Happiness soared through me. Were my prayers answered? I quickly noted the name of the real estate agent and rushed inside. 
“Julia!” I yelled, slamming the door behind me. 
She glanced up from her desk right inside the entryway. Her dark brown hair was pulled back out of her face in a twist, with a pencil stuck inside. I smiled; she was always hard at work and never cared about her appearance. Of course, she dressed well, but if she spilled coffee on her blouse or got ink on her pants, she’d just shrug and continue with whatever she was doing. I dodged little Isaac as he shot from the toy room into the game room and stood next to her. She glanced at the little boy, who was holding a toy airplane, and grinned before acknowledging me. “The first family is up in your office.”
That caught me off guard; they were early. “Really?” 
She nodded and took a sip of the coffee in her hand.
“Did you see that the house next door is for sale?”
She nodded again, this time adding a raised brow. “Yeah, so?”
“I’m going to buy it!” I explained before rushing down the hall to the stairs. She stared at after me with a shocked look on her face. She too wanted to expand, but with all the dead ends we had faced, she had given up.
The first group had gathered along the sofa on the back wall. As I stood in the doorway, my heart ached when I noticed the little boy about eight years old stick two brand muffins in his pockets. There was a basket of them on the table. Julia must have left them out for the families. I gulped down the lump in my throat before I stepped inside. I had never experienced poverty in my life, and since I started here, I had gotten used to it, but it never got any easier to see. My instinct was to wrap my arms around the boy and give him all the money and food we had, but I now knew that wasn’t the right approach.
When the father noticed me, he smiled. It was cheerful enough, but it didn’t reach his eyes. There was too much turmoil and worry in the hazel depths—there wasn’t room for much else. Unfortunately, it wasn’t the neediest family I would see today, and I would have to turn him and his children down. 
“Good morning, Mr. Cartwright,” I said, holding my hand out for him to shake. He stood up and wrapped his callused one in my smooth pampered palm, and I cringed again. I couldn’t take his family in, and it tore at my heart. I knew from the report that he had lost his wife two years ago. After that he had gone into a depression, losing his job and eventually his house. Right now he and his son and older daughter were staying in the basement of friends. It wasn’t the best situation since the friends were also on hard times, but at least they had a roof over their heads.
“Thank you for meeting with us, Miss Banks. I was told there was a room opening up?” The room was more of a suite. There were a few reserved for families. It held two rooms that backed onto a tiny common one. It wasn’t huge, but it gave families space from each other.
“Yes, there is, in a week. Anna gave me three files that would work out well, and unfortunately we only have one room at this time.”
His smile faltered. “Yes, she told me that you would be choosing the family that would get the room today.”
I nodded, clearing my throat. That damn lump just wouldn’t leave. “Yes, I see here that Cole and Hannah go to school at the other side of town?”
“Yes, but we can move them.”
“I don’t want to go to another school,” Cole whined, yanking at his father’s faded coat sleeve. 
Hannah, who was hunched on the sofa staring down at her feet, shot her little brother a dirty look.
“Mr. Cartwright, have you been looking for another job?” I hated prying, but the residents needed to be willing to work.
“Yes. And I have a few interviews next week.”
“Good.” Maybe I wouldn’t have to feel so guilty after all. “If you’d like, we could help you out with that. Julia has a session on how to act during interviews, and we have suits in storage if you don’t have anything appropriate to wear.”
His face brightened. “That would be wonderful.”
I glanced at the kids and smiled. “Would you two like to have some breakfast? I heard it was pancakes today.”
Both children looked at their father with questioning eyes; when he nodded, they jumped up and ran for the stairs.
When we were alone, I cleared my throat. “Unfortunately, Mr. Cartwright, we are unable to take you and your family in at this time. Another family is in more need right now. They don’t have friends as generous as yours, and they have nowhere to go.”
He frowned and gazed down at the floor.
“I wish we had more rooms and could take in all of the families Anna sent me, but right now, there is just the one.” He nodded sadly, understanding flashed in his eyes. “However, I would still like to offer you help in finding a job and give you the resources of Riley House during the day whenever you need it. We have a computer room with source sites for employment. We even have employment sessions with local agencies that come in twice a week.”
His face brightened. “Really?”
“Yes, and we can revisit when another room opens up. Again, I’m very sorry.”
He stood up, and held out his hand. “Thank you.”
“If you’d like to join your children, you’re more than welcome. You can also stay for a while and take advantage of the computer room. There are activities for the children as well.”
“I might take you up on that.” He stood to leave but gave me a smile before descending the stairs.
My stomach dropped to my heels. That was brutal. Next time, I would have Anna do it. I didn’t understand why she even mentioned the room to all the families. Usually she picked the neediest and gave us the name.
I snuck in the busy kitchen and said a quick hello to my friend Lilly who had started volunteering around the same time as she began dating Eddie. He had been a volunteer when I started and since had become a friend. He was too busy with his internship at legal aid to continue helping, so Lilly had offered to take his place. She was taking some business courses at the local college, and it gave her time to help. I trusted her enough to run the meals when I was busy. Once I grabbed a coffee and checked to make sure Mr. Cartwright and his family were enjoying their meal, I slipped back upstairs for my next meeting. It was not as hard of a session. Frankly, I’m not sure why Anna had suggested them. It was a young couple who had both lost their jobs at the same time and were now living with their parents. There were no children involved, and despite the bulge in the woman’s stomach, she had a mother who could help her out. My next visitors were not so lucky.
Two fair-haired boys tumbled into my office laughing with fists flailing. 
“Boys!” called out a frail woman who I knew was in the late stages of cancer. She had just been informed that she was in remission, but all the medical bills had wiped out her savings. She had no family and her husband had been killed two years ago in Afghanistan. He was a soldier, and even though she still collected his pension, it wasn’t near enough to get her out of debt and into a new house. This woman had suffered so much, and there was no way I was going to give her any more bad news. 
I stood up, ignoring the fact that the kids’ clothes were frayed and dirty. The woman’s hair was greasy and was held up by a rubber band, but when you lived in a car, there was no way to clean yourself. I couldn’t wait to take them in. 
“Mrs. Murray. It’s nice to see you,” I said, as I stretched out a hand. When she responded with a thin smile and firm shake, I decided not to beat around the bush. “I’ve read your file, and barring no problems, you and your family can move in next week.”
Her eyes lit up and welled with unshed tears. “Thank you,” was all she could manage. But the look of appreciation was more than enough to express how she felt. 
“Would you like to see the room?” I knew that Mr. Daniels was at the job we had helped attain and his son was at school, so the rooms would be empty.
The only response was a quick nod and a smile. I took her arm and led her out. 
“Come on, boys,” I called over my shoulder. They followed behind us as we headed to their new temporary home.
By the time we had finished, it was lunch, so I brought them down to the dining room to have a meal and introduce them to the rest of the residents. Mr. Cartwright was in the back corner in a discussion with Susan, our career advisor. Once the Murrays had their food, I found Julia, who was eating a small bowl of soup. 
“How did it go?” she asked, as I sat down next to her with a heavy sigh.
“Besides turning down two families? Fine.” The smell of baking bread drifted in the room, making me hungry. The granola bar I had this morning was not near enough to fill me.
“We can’t take everyone.” She stirred the cheese and broccoli soup absently; the spoon clinked against the ceramic bowl.
“We can once we expand.”
“Megan,” she began with a firm tone, pulling her spoon out.
“We can, as soon as I buy that house and rebuild.”
She shook her head. “You can’t use your own money.”
I sat forward in my chair. “Yes, I can. It’s called a donation.”
She raised her spoon and pointed it at me. “How do you have that much, anyway?”
“I inherited it from my grandmother, and she would want me to use some of it to help others.” I drummed my fingers on the table as I watched her contemplate my words.
She sighed. “Well, it’s up to you, but you’ll have to run it by Nate.”
As she was speaking, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up as if someone was watching me. I glanced around the room and didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. The people in the dining room were focused on their meal, not me. 
“I will tonight,” I finally answered her.
She smiled. “Oh yes, your big night. You’re leaving early, right?”
I nodded. “Yes, soon.” The feeling of being watched didn’t leave, and when I turned my head I caught a shadow in the French door, but when I stood up to investigate there was no one there. 
Julia came over and stood next to me, her now empty dishes in her hand. “What’s wrong?”
I shrugged dismissively. “Nothing, I guess. Come on, I want you to meet Mrs. Murray and her boys.”
We caught up to them in the line for food, and I introduced the family to Julia and the volunteers. Lilly took a liking to the boys and snuck them some cookies. The mother only smiled, saying nothing of wrecking their appetites. As I stood and listened to Julia discuss the rules of the house to Mrs. Murray, I noticed a man at a table, next to the Richardson’s. He looked to be about twenty with dark brown hair. He was eating soup and sneaking looks at me. Was he the one I felt watching me? 
“Julia?” I said, interrupting her.
She looked away from the woman we were going to help and glanced at me.
“Who’s that guy?” I nodded in his direction, not wanting to point. I looked away so he wouldn’t see me staring.
“Isn’t that one of the people interested in the room?”
“No.” I shook my head.
“Then, I have no idea. He came in behind the second family. I thought he was with them.” Julia looked puzzled.
That was strange; he hadn’t come up with the couple. When I turned to get a better look at the guy, his seat was empty, and he was gone. All that remained was his empty bowl.
“Oh well, must be a straggler off the streets wanting a warm meal.” She shrugged. “It happens.”
I smiled, said my goodbyes to the group, and went up to my office to get my stuff. I couldn’t worry about the stranger that had been watching me; I had a meal to prepare.


 



Chapter Two
Family

Finally, the evening had begun, and since I had been planning it for so long, I was filled with excitement. I was wearing the same black and gray striped dress I had on the first night Nate told me he loved me. He looked incredible in a navy blue dress shirt and dark gray jeans. His pale blond hair still damp from the quick shower he had when he returned home, curled along his collar. We were seated at the table, eating the meal I had prepared. It had taken a week of cooking sessions with Mona to get the food perfect. The first batch was inedible. The chicken was raw, and the potatoes were hard as rocks, although I would never admit my food mistakes to Nate. He was a great cook, and his smile was always slightly condescending when I screwed up. He thought it was hilarious that I had never cooked before I met him. I never had the need to. I grew up in a mansion with a cook, who was also my Nanny and now more my mother than my biological one.
"Mmmm. This is really good," Nate mumbled as he shoveled scalloped potatoes into his mouth.
I traced the rim of the round oak table with a fingertip, staring at him over a rose scented candle. I had used his family’s old china and decorated the island and fireplace with more candles. I was going for romance, and I had to admit the place looked great. There was also music playing softly from speakers I had set up around the room. It had taken me all morning to download all the slow songs I wanted. 
"You sound surprised," I teased, with a cocky grin. 
Once he swallowed, he flashed me that slight sheepish smile. "I'm not," he protested, his lips spreading wider exposing both dimples, humor in his vivid blue eyes.
Why didn't I believe him? He looked so striking with his eyes sparkling and the mischievous smile that lit up his whole face that I almost forgot that his amusement was at my expense. I shook my head as I stabbed a piece of juicy white meat. 
"Whatever," I muttered, pretending to pout.
He reached out and squeezed my hand, and his warm touch sent tingles up my arm. His expression turned sincere. "I'm not surprised, honestly. You are capable of so much more than you ever imagined. Julia said you're doing great in my old position at Riley House."
“That reminds me. Do you know the house next to the shelter?”
“The red brick one with the gnomes out front?” he asked as he munched on a piece of chicken.
I nodded. “It’s for sale. And I want to buy it and donate it. That way we can put on an addition to Riley House.”
He shook his head. “No. I won’t let you use your own money.”
“Nate, it’s my money, and I can use it how I want. My grandmother left me a lot when she died. I have enough.”
He reached out and placed his warm hand on mine. “I know you want to help, but we can’t help everyone.” It was the same thing he’d been saying since I had first expressed my frustration with the Riley House’s lack of space. I ignored the heat that shot through my hand at his touch—this was not the time to think about how sexy my boyfriend was.
“You’re right, we can’t. But you didn’t have to turn down a widower and his two children or a pregnant woman. I did, and it wasn’t easy.”
He squeezed my hand and smiled. “Have I told you how proud I am of what a great job you’re doing? And that I’m so happy you’ve taken such an interest in the shelter?” His vivid blue eyes were proud, and love shone from his face. Unlike my parents, Nate made his love very obvious to me. And for a girl who had craved the emotion since childhood, it was a blessing. However, I knew he was trying to distract me from my plan. 
“Then let me do this. I really want to.”
His face grew thoughtful, until he finally said. “Okay. Go ahead. I’ll support you on whatever you decide to do.”
I pulled his hand up, and held it against my cheek. “Thank you. I’ll get in contact with my financial advisor and the real estate agent in the morning. I can’t wait to tell Julia.” Flutters of excitement bounced inside me. I couldn’t wait to expand and take in more people. I hated turning away that family today.
He took a sip of his drink and then gazed at me. “How are the volunteers doing?”
“Great! Lilly is such a help.” A thought popped in my head. “Did you hear that Natalie got into Harvard?” I asked, jiggling my fork against my knife, making a soft tinkling sound. Natalie was a resident of Riley House when I had first started there. We bonded over my old clothes which I had donated. Her mother got a job, and they moved into an apartment a few months ago. They were thriving in their new life, and it was because of Riley House and Nate.
His eyes went round in surprise as he sat up in his chair. "No. When did that happen?"
"Yesterday. She was so excited when she came in to volunteer."
His face was filled with pride. He was attached to the residents and always loved hearing when their lives turned out well. It was like they were his children. He didn't take just anybody into the shelter. They had to want a better life, and when they did get accepted, it wasn't a free ride. They were expected to look for jobs and help out around the house. Once they were able to move out on their own, they were asked to continue to volunteer. It gave the current residents hope for their future to see others succeed. “I'm so glad. Did she get the scholarship she applied for?”
I nodded, swallowing some iced tea. “With her grades, how could she not?”
He took the last bite of chicken before shoving his plate away. I couldn’t help but notice it was practically licked clean. I mentally patted myself on the back. 
"Are you going to the shelter tomorrow?" he asked.
"Yes, but not until eleven. Lauren’s coming too. She's home for the weekend."
"I know, I saw her. Joseph will be excited."
"Why? He's not going to do anything about it;" I grumbled, frustrated by the whole situation. Like me, Lauren was a mate to a werewolf, but she didn't know. Joe, Nate's best friend for the last fifty years, had instantly known she was his mate. He was in town helping Nate with another werewolf situation when he met her. He wanted to tell Lauren, but Nate advised him to ask her father, Will, who just happened to be Nate's great, great, great nephew. He, like Lauren was human, and they guarded Nate's secret.
Nate frowned at me, lines formed at the creases of his eyes and the corners of his mouth. "I wish they could be as happy as we are, but Joe respects Will and won't go against his wishes." After four months, Will still refused to let Lauren be with a werewolf. He loved and valued both Nate and Joe, but he knew how dangerous being with a werewolf could be. I was an example of that. A few months ago, a werewolf named Rowan had wanted to hurt Nate. His plan had been to target me, Nate’s mate, in order to make that happen. Rowan died, trying to take me from him.
"What is Lauren up to her first night back?" Nate asked, shifting his chair. He was clearly hoping to change the subject.
I held my glass, swirling the ice inside, the cubes clinking together. "She went to Manic with Ally, Lilly, and Eddie." I took a sip and swallowed, feeling the cool liquid slide down my throat. "She asked us to go, but I told her we had plans." Manic was a bar—and no, my friends and I were not old enough to go, but Allison knew the bouncer who always let us in. We went for the bands that frequently played, not the alcohol that they served. That was why her uncle, the bouncer, allowed us entry.
"Good. I want you all to myself." Nate’s voice was filled with intensity, responding to my answer. "I have something for you."
I glanced up at him, surprised by the sudden change in his voice. He stood up and stepped toward me, his expression deep with emotion. I wondered what was wrong. I was about to ask, when he knelt down in front of me on one knee. His scent of leather and pine whirled around me making me giddy. My heart leapt. 
"What's happening?" I whispered softly, my voice almost inaudible.
Instead of answering, he reached into the pocket of his button down shirt and pulled out a tiny white box. When he opened the lid, I gasped. Inside was an enormous diamond ring that sparkled in the candlelight. I couldn't help the look of shock that crossed my face. I was breathless, unable to speak.
"Megan, the moment I saw those green eyes and freckles, I wanted you to be mine. Even though I pulled away from you, you were in my every thought." His voice was filled with devotion. He meant those words with all his heart. My heart swelled, and my eyes started to water. 
"For the first time in my long life, I looked forward to my future because you would be at my side.” He dropped his tone, soft and low. It held an uncertainty, and for just a second, his nerves shone in his eyes. “Will you be my wife?" As soon as the question was out of his mouth, his eyes were filled with love and longing.
While I knew he meant every word and wanted me to marry him, he sounded unsure that I would accept. It wasn't long ago that I had a hard time adjusting to what he was. Yes, some of the traits of his wolf side bothered me a little, but once I got over it, I never questioned him again. He was the one I would love until I died. I knew that. And now he was offering me a future together. Even though I could see his nervousness that I wouldn’t accept him, I didn't even hesitate. There was no question. He was asking me to be his partner in every way and to be part of a family. His extended family, the Rileys, was a large, loving group that made my own look pathetic in comparison. I had wanted a big family my whole life, and he was willing to share his. Besides, I loved him with all my heart, and since I was his werewolf mate for life, a piece of paper was just a technicality.
I grinned as pure bliss flowed through my entire body, filling my heart with warmth. "Yes, of course I'll be your wife," I said loudly, happiness echoed in my voice.
In the blink of an eye, I was in his arms, and he was kissing me frantically. I sucked in a shocked breath. After months of knowing the truth, I still couldn't get used to how fast he could move.
He drew back, gazing at me. "Are you sure?" he asked softly, a conflict between self-doubt and hope filled his intense eyes.
Overwhelmed with emotion, I simply nodded. I had lost the power of speech, but it wasn't needed because his lips returned to my mouth with a fervor I hadn't felt from him since I first accepted his werewolf side. This man was the most kind, giving person I had ever met. He was loved by his family and everyone at Riley House—the charity that he founded over fifty years ago. But he continually questioned why I loved him. He saw himself as a monster, just because some evil werewolf named Charlotte bit him and killed his betrothed back in 1894. Lucy lost her life, but Nate lost his humanity, causing him to kill two people in his lifetime—a fact that still haunted him. And since those regrettable incidents, he lived his life helping others, hoping to make up for the lives he took.
If he could see himself the way I did, he would never question why I loved him. My thoughts melted away as he pulled back, trailing kisses down my neck. I inhaled sharply as his hot breath brushed my ear; his tongue skimmed my sensitive skin. 
"I love you so much," he moaned, pulling me against him so tight—he felt like a second skin. "I want to be with you."
His words both shocked and excited me. Even though we lived together for the last few months, we still hadn't taken the next step in our relationship. Nate had been nothing but patient, and a gentleman to the core, never pressuring me. There were a few times that we had gotten carried away and almost went through with it, but I always pulled back. Not once did he become angry or even frustrated. His constant patience always surprised me.
I still wasn't sure why I was holding back. I was eighteen and no longer lived at home. I had graduated high school and had a good job running the charity. I loved him with all my heart. And right now, his words made me question why I was waiting. It felt amazing to be loved so much by another person. Why not take the next step? Now, with his proposal, I needed to show him how much he meant to me and that I wanted to be with him in every way. I pulled away from his lips and gazed into his eyes that now flashed with longing. 
"I want to be with you too," I whispered.
His eyes widened. "Are you sure? I don't want to pressure you."
I nodded, confident in my decision. I wanted this man; he was kind, loving and so incredibly hot. "I'm sure," I began, about to add that I loved him, but I couldn't speak; his mouth was once again covering mine. In an instant, I was in his arms as he whisked me into the bedroom. His intoxicating scent washed over me.
He sat me down on the bed and kissed me again, opening his mouth to make the kiss deeper. My stomach twisted with need. I didn't know how much I wanted this until it was happening, and now that it was, I couldn't wait. I reached out and started to unbutton his shirt. As I worked, he pulled away and began to kiss my neck, running his tongue along my heated skin. I gasped, feeling so much emotion that my hands shook as I undid the last button. I tugged it down over his shoulders and stared at his smooth, muscular chest. A noise came out of him that could only be described as a growl when I ran my hands down his soft skin. My palms burned hot where our skin touched. I gazed into his eyes and smiled, loving that I had the power to make a man who usually fought his wolf side growl. His eyes were wild, as he gazed back at me, but I wasn't afraid. He would never hurt me—he couldn't. I was his mate for life. He reached out, his arm shaking slightly as he pushed my dress down over my shoulders until the wide collar rested at my elbows. His eyes turned yellow as he stared at me. 
"You’re incredible," he said roughly, his gaze raking over me. I was breathlessly silent. I didn’t know what to say. My cheeks warmed as he studied me.
Slowly, he reached out to wrap me in his arms and nuzzled my neck. The touch of his lips, his tongue, and his gentle hands on my bare skin felt so good. My mind was filled with a pleasure haze. I could not hold a coherent thought as he nibbled, caressed, and kissed my fevered skin. The feel of his teeth scraping my flesh made my body hum. I felt drunk with sensations. I didn’t know what he was doing to me, but I didn’t want him to stop. A low rumble came out of Nate's chest as he explored my neck, my collar bone, and up to my ear. I gasped as he flicked his tongue on my earlobe. He drew away and stared up at me with glazed eyes. I wasn't sure who had control right now—the wolf or the man. He smiled lovingly, leaning down to kiss my lips, and stiffened.
 "Damn it," he snarled. 
Did I do something wrong? I know I was new at this, but all I was doing was sitting here enjoying the feel of his lips on my bare skin. 
"Someone's here." His eyes became yellow, and his arms were shaking. The wolf was taking over.
I watched him clench his jaw and ball his hands into fists as he fought the urge to turn. "Why are you changing?" I asked, just a hint of fear in my voice.
He sighed heavily staring at the side of my neck. "I'll tell you later." He ran his hand over his face in frustration. "Get dressed. It's Lauren."
I couldn't hear anything beyond the low music playing in the living room. "How can you tell?" I asked as I yanked my dress back up.
"I can hear her car motor; it has a specific sound. Can you answer the door? I'm not fit for company." He smiled sadly, unhappy that we were interrupted. His eyes were still yellow, but he was no longer shaking. His jaw clenched; he was looking at my neck with dismay.
"What?" I asked, curious at his expression.
"Later," was all he said, shaking his head.
I leaned into him, giving him a kiss on the lips and wanting to linger, but knowing I couldn’t. "I'll get rid of her, and we can continue where we left off." I touched his cheek with the tip of my finger, and slid it down over his jaw. "I love you," I whispered before leaving him in the room. I heard a frustrated growl as I closed the door behind me.
 


Chapter Three
Lauren and Joe

I was grinning as I entered the living room. I smoothed my hair, turned off my iPod, and went to open the door.
Lauren stood on the porch. Her sandy colored hair was plastered to her head and face. It was raining, and I hadn't even noticed. She looked awful—her face was red, her eyes puffy with tears mixed with the rain. Her chest heaved as she sobbed. 
"What's wrong," I cried, grabbing her hand and pulling her inside out of the wind and rain.
I led her to the couch, took her coat, and handed her a throw blanket to wrap around her. She kicked off her heels, and I shoved them near the door out of the way. As she sat down next to me, I could smell her guava shampoo enhanced by the wet weather. 
"Tell me, what's wrong," I said again.
"Jo...seph," she sobbed, her body shivering. 
Not understanding, I reached out and placed my hand on her arm—her red sweater was a soft cashmere. "How did you see him? I thought you went to Manic with the girls?"
She nodded her head, her face scrunched up in pain. "He was there..." her lip quivered. “With another girl. They danced all night." She closed her eyes and put her head in her hands, her shoulders shook as she sobbed.
White hot anger rushed through me; I could kill Joe. What was he thinking? 
"He was with another girl?" I asked, sure I had heard wrong. I had been begging Joseph to tell Lauren the truth about them. I knew Lauren would not be as hurt if she understood what was going on. Before I got together with Nate, he ran hot and cold for reasons I couldn’t understand at the time. It was so confusing. 
Now that we were together, I certainly didn't miss the constant sting of rejection. The thought of what we had been doing just a few minutes ago entered my mind, and my face became hot. Lauren didn't notice though—she was covering her own face with the throw blanket.
The bedroom door swung open, and Nate popped his head out. "Is everything okay?" he asked softly. His eyes were filled with concern. He was wearing a white t-shirt instead of the dress shirt he wore to dinner. His thick wavy hair was tousled from our previous encounter. My cheeks started to redden as I recalled Nate’s tender kisses on my neck. Thankfully, no one was looking at me.
Lauren lifted her head up to face him and smiled softly. "I'll be okay, Nate. I just need to talk to a girlfriend, and Megan's the only one I can really do that with." She reached out and touched my arm. Her hand was cold and damp from the rain. "Do you mind if I borrow her for a little while?"
Nate glanced at me and smiled, letting me know he understood why I couldn't just get rid of her like I had planned. Her heart was broken—we couldn't throw her out. "Sure, you can borrow her. I'll just be in the bedroom catching up on some paperwork." He glanced at me, and his eyes moved to the ring box on the table. His hand went out and grabbed it so subtly I barely noticed the move. I understood why he did it. He didn't want to flaunt our happiness when Lauren was in so much pain. With a nod, he grabbed his briefcase and disappeared.
I sank back on the sofa. "Okay, he's gone. Now tell me what happened."
She stretched her legs out over my lap. I couldn’t help but notice the tiny hole in her tights just above her left pinky toe with the purple nail polish shining through. 
"Like I said, I went to the club with the girls. Ally said she was tired of seeing me moping at school. She told me that I had to go out." 
I knew that Lauren was depressed because of the situation with Joe and had decided to focus on college. According to Ally, her roommate, Lauren hardly ever left the room in the two months since they started school. She constantly studied and never went out for fun. Ally, although not the most observant of our group, had been worried.
Lauren sighed, leaning her arm against the top of the sofa. "Anyway, I had decided to forget about Joe and enjoy the night. Since Eddie and Lilly are joined at the hip, he came with us and brought a couple friends. We were dancing, the music was great, and we were having fun—until I spotted him. He looked so good. I thought he was going to finally tell me how he really felt." She frowned, her eyes starting to water. "And then I saw him holding some blond chick’s hand. When he noticed us, he turned away and kissed the girl, right in front of me. Like he was waiting until I saw him. He didn't even come over and speak to me." She took in a ragged breath. "I was devastated. I wanted to leave right then, but I drove. I couldn't ruin Ally's fun."
I placed my hand on her knee. The words, "You're his mate,” burned on my tongue. I wanted to tell her so badly that my chest ached. She was my best friend, and she helped me through one of the hardest times in my life. Now I knew how she felt when I was pining for Nate, and she couldn't tell me his secret. I opened my mouth; the words were itching to be said, until I heard Nate cough in the bedroom. I knew he could hear everything we'd been saying, and he must have guessed that it was killing me to see her in so much pain. 
"He's a jerk, and I intend to give him hell." It wasn't what I wanted to say, but it would have to do for now.
She smiled sadly. "Thanks, but I don't want him to know he upset me." She glanced toward the kitchen where our dishes were still out on the table. "Oh my god. I forgot about the dinner you were planning for Nate. I'm so sorry. I must be interrupting" She stood up, tossing the blanket back onto the couch. "I'll leave you guys alone."
I grabbed her arm, and pulled her back down, the cushions made a pff sound as she fell into the sofa. "No, you're not going anywhere. Nate and I have every night to be together. You're only here for the weekend. Besides, did you leave me the night I was upset at Manic?" I asked, thinking back to months before when Nate was being as much of a jerk as Joe.
She shook her head and smiled softly with her eyes still filled with pain. "No."
"Exactly. So you're going to stay the night, and we're going to talk if you want to, or we can watch a movie. Anything you want." I felt a twinge of guilt thinking of Nate in the bedroom waiting for me. But I knew he would understand.
She leaned back on the couch and reached for the throw again. "Thank you. I really don't want to be alone." A tear slid down her cheek, it dropped on the blanket that covered her lap, leaving a wet dot. 
"He's just so confusing. Last week, he was so nice. He took me out to lunch in between classes, and when we finished eating, he leaned towards me, and I was sure he was about to kiss me. Of course, he didn't. Instead, he stood up abruptly and made an excuse that he had to get back home.”
Joe lived on the Riley estate in a small house where the gardener used to live. It was also the former home of my ancestor Lucy, Nate’s first fiancée, the girl that was killed when Nate was bitten.
"Wait. He went to see you at school?" I asked, surprised and a little ticked off.
"Yes, last Friday. I thought I told you that."
I shook my head, my anger returning. I had told Joe to stop stringing her along. I knew it was hard for him to be away from his mate, but knowing how it felt to be led on, I asked him to leave her alone if he wasn't going to tell her the truth. He didn’t say anything in response.
"It doesn't matter. I have to stop pining for him. He's never going to want me." Lauren rubbed her eyes.
Instead of answering, I jumped up rushing to the freezer to get a container of ice cream. After grabbing two spoons, I settled back on the couch and we dug in. We stayed up the rest of the night bashing werewolves.
The soft click of a door brought me out of my peaceful slumber. I heard the sound of an engine starting and then driving away. Remembering the night before, I opened my eyes. I was curled at one end of the couch, while Lauren was sprawled at the other. My blue duvet I had brought from home when I moved in four months ago was spread out over us. Nate must have covered us in the night. As that thought entered my mind, disappointment settled over me. Our night hadn't gone how either of us planned, but Lauren was important to us. There was no way we could have turned her away. As I turned on my side, I heard the sound of paper crinkling. I sat up and looked around. A piece of paper was lying on the couch next to me. I opened it and smiled.
Meg, 
Although our night didn't turn out how we planned, my thoughts continue to drift to your soft touch and the taste of your skin. I can't wait to pick up where we left off. Until tonight...
By the way, thank you for taking care of my cousin.
I love you so much,
Nate
I held the paper to my heart and sighed. Happiness swelled in my chest. God, I loved him. I couldn't wait to tell everyone that we were engaged.
I stumbled off of the couch, trying to avoid waking Lauren, and headed to the bedroom. I called my financial advisor and then the executer of my inheritance. It was my grandmother’s lawyer and old family friend. When I told him that I wanted to buy the house and what I wanted it for, he told me he was proud of me and would take care of it. He said it would be mine by the end of the day. I was so excited; I was humming when I hopped in the shower. 
“Hey, Meg. I'm sorry I dumped all over you last night. But I had no one else to talk to.” Lauren’s voice came from right outside the shower stall.
I popped my head out of the curtain. My long, strawberry-blond hair appeared dark brown since it was soaking wet, and it dripped onto the tiled floor. "Stop apologizing. I told you it was fine. I'm here for you anytime."
She smiled, looking much better than she had last night despite her bed-head and smudged makeup. "Does that mean I can borrow your jeans?"
Closing the curtain, I rinsed the conditioner out of my hair. "Sure, take what you want. We have to be at the shelter in a couple of hours, and I still have to clean up the dishes from last night."
"Nate must have done that. Because the table’s clean and so is the sink." I could see her silhouette through the curtain. She was sitting on the closed toilet seat.
I hadn't noticed the table as I walked by earlier. I was too busy replaying my time with Nate before Lauren showed up.
Once I finished my shower, I stood in front of the mirror and pulled out the blow dryer. When I turned it on and tipped my head, exposing the right side of my neck, I noticed a red mark. 
“Is that a hickey?” Lauren asked, walking up behind me in a borrowed robe and a towel hanging over her arm.
My face turned fiery red. I was so embarrassed. “Uh…” I rubbed the mark and felt puckered skin. “No, I don’t think so. It feels more like a scratch.”
Lauren smirked at me with a hand on her hip. “I interrupted something last night, didn’t I?”
If I thought my face felt like it was on fire before, I now felt like it was about to explode. I turned on the dryer, effectively ending the conversation. She rolled her eyes and hopped into the shower.
How did Nate scratch my neck? He had nibbled a few times, but I didn’t feel anything more. Although with all the sensations that were swirling around in my head, I was lucky that I could remember my name let alone notice what he was doing. Since the idea of asking him about it made my face flame again, I figured I’d just drop it. 
When I finished my hair and makeup, I stood in the closet looking for some clothes to wear. Even though the weather had been warm for the end of October, there was still a slight chill in the morning. With that in mind, I chose a long gray short-sleeved sweater and black tights. Just as I was finishing up, Lauren walked out of the washroom. Steam billowed out, along with the scent of my raspberry shampoo. She was wearing a towel turban on her head.
I tossed her a pair of my jeans and a blue silk blouse so we wouldn't have to stop by her house, not that it was far—it was just up the driveway. Nate's cottage was located by the lake at the back of the Rileys' property. His father had built it for him after he was turned into a werewolf to hide his visits from the town. Everyone thought he was away at college and eventually dead. They had to lie because he would no longer age.
"I won't be long," Lauren assured me, heading back into the bathroom.
"No worries," I answered absently, noticing the ring box on my night stand. I opened the lid and grinned. It was just as beautiful as I remembered. The main diamond was a princess cut with smaller stones lining the band. At the sound of Lauren moving around in the bathroom, I quickly closed the box and tucked it into my drawer. I wasn't ready to tell her yet. I held the pendant I was wearing around my neck in my hand and admired the blue-green gem. It was so beautiful, and the diamonds surrounding it sparkled in the sun that shone through the window. The fact that it had once belonged to my ancestor made it even more special. I had worn the silver necklace ever since he gave it to me, only taking it off at night to avoid burning Nate in his sleep. I had learned months ago that silver burned a werewolf’s skin, and a silver bullet was the only way to kill one. That was how we got rid of Rowan.
Lauren emerged a few minutes later with her sandy hair dry and flowing down her shoulders. The color of the blouse brought out specks of blue in her hazel eyes.
"I'm ready," she said smiling.
"You're in a better mood."
Her fingers fidgeted with a button on her blouse. "I am. I'm done with Joe. I'm tired of waiting for him, and I'm wasting my life being depressed."
"Good for you. Don't let a guy do that to you." We both knew she was just putting on a brave front, but if it was what she had to do to get by, then so be it.
As we gathered our purses and headed back into the living room, there was a knock at the door. Lauren was rifling through her bag as I passed her to open it. The rain had ceased, and now the sun was shining, doing nothing to stop the chill in the air. A girl about a year or two older than me stood on the porch. She was my height with flaming red curly hair that hung almost to her waist. Her eyes were gray and narrowed at me. She was wearing tight dark blue jeans and a black leather jacket. When she saw me, her nostrils flared, and her lips turned up into a sneer. 
"Can I help you?" I asked, feeling somewhat affronted by her irritated expression.
She folded her arms in front of her. "I knew he was seeing someone, but I didn’t know you were his mate.” She sniffed hard, her eyes shifting over my shoulder. Her voice had a lilt to it, remnants of an old accent, Irish maybe?
"Are you looking for Nate?" I asked, extremely confused as I stood up straight blocking the doorway. It didn't do any good though; she pushed through, slamming against me. I ignored the ache in my shoulder as I closed the door and followed her in.
"And apparently, Joey did too," she said staring at Lauren, who had discarded her bag and was now looking curiously at our uninvited guest. “Why was I not told that they found their mates?” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked. Was she talking to someone inside her head? I definitely didn’t feel a part of this conversation.
She glared at me. “Never mind.”
"Who are you?" I was pretty sure I knew the answer to my question, but I hoped to God, I was wrong.
She turned to me with an expression of superiority on her face. I could tell she thought everyone was beneath her. This was a look I recognized from my former spoiled rich friends. But on this girl, it appeared menacing. 
"What? Did Nathaniel and my brother not tell their mates about me?" She gave us a feral grin, showing shiny white teeth. And somehow I wasn’t surprised when her gray-blue eyes turned yellow.
I gasped, panic sliced through my body. "Charlotte!"
"Oh my god!" Lauren whispered, fear and confusion on her face.  "Wait." Her brows creased. "What do you mean, their mates?"
As her eyes returned to their natural color, Charlotte laughed, a chilling sound that held no humor, and she leaned against the back of the couch. "My brother didn't tell you?" she asked Lauren, and then glanced at me. "It looks like you're the only one though. Your friend here knows what I'm talking about."
Lauren turned to me, a worried expression on her face. "Megan? What does she mean?"
I shook my head. "Nothing. Ignore her." I glared at Charlotte, more angry than afraid at the moment, but I knew the fear that had gripped me just a few seconds ago was not far away. "By what Nate and Joe have said about her, she likes to cause trouble."
Charlotte looked relaxed without a care in the world. "Please.” She waved her hand in my direction as if we were old friends having a little tiff. “I can smell Joey's scent on her as much as I can smell Nate's on you. It's what werewolves do to warn others away. I can't believe Nathaniel marked you though, he didn't seem the type. He was such a goody-two shoes that it was boring."
"What?" I gasped, holding my hand up to my neck. As I spoke, Lauren cried, "I'm Joe's mate?"
Charlotte rolled her eyes, appearing frustrated with our ignorance. "Yes, you're Joey's mate," she said to Lauren, and then turned to me, leaning forward to inspect my neck. She glared at me until I moved my hand. I hated that I trembled under her scrutiny. The smell of the outdoors mixed with a strong perfume assaulted my nose. "And you bear Nate's mark."
Another lick of fear shot through me for an entirely different reason. "Will I become a werewolf?" I gasped.
She rolled her eyes again. "No, you twit. He only marked you. It’s another way to let other wolves know you’re taken. No saliva was passed." She sighed, like she was dealing with a small child. "When werewolves mark their mates, it's usually in the heat of the moment." The image of Nate’s kisses on my neck flashed in my mind, and I blushed. Charlotte saw it, and her jaw locked. 
"He was supposed to be mine, little girl." Her voice turned to ice. "I intended to show him how to have fun. But he rejected me." Her eyes once again became wolf-like. I flinched as another spark of fear worked into my chest. 
"And I don't take rejection well." Charlotte growled, as she stretched out her hands. I noticed a flash of her hot pink nails as she grabbed our heads at the same time. She slammed them together with a sickening crack. The one thought before darkness overwhelmed me was of Nate.
 




Chapter Four
Nate

"What's got you in a mood? You've been in a twist all morning." Joe asked Nate as he leaned back in Nate's office chair, the hinges creaking and echoing in the large room.
"I'm fine, just having a hard time focusing on sales figures and projections."
Joe’s crooked easy smile played at his lips. "Did you have a brawl with Megan then?"
Nate looked up from his papers and scowled at his friend. "No, I didn't. But our evening was ruined because of you." He couldn't help the agitation in his voice. Ever since he had acted so rash and marked Megan's neck without asking, he hadn't been himself. And the longer he went without telling her, the more anxious he became. It wasn't that long ago that he feared losing her because of his strange wolf behavior. Thankfully, she had forgiven him for everything but had made him promise to be truthful from then on. 
He hadn’t meant to mark her, but the idea of being with Megan in every way possible was simply too much, and the wolf had taken over. He didn’t even remember doing it, but when he came to his senses, the evidence was on her neck. 
Joe picked up a pen from the desk and began twirling it in his fingers. "Now, how did I ruin your evening? I never laid eyes on you."
Nate tugged at his tie, his frown deepening. "Lauren stopped by just after I marked Megan while we were about to...be together." He couldn't say the words. For some reason, he'd always been shy when it came to sex.
Joe's eyes went wide, fear etched on his face. "You didn’t hurt her, did you?"
"Of course not. I would never hurt Lauren. She's my friend."
Relief washed over Joe’s features as he blew out the breath he had been holding. "She prevented you from being with your mate after you marked her. The wolf inside you must have gone mad."
Nate sighed, hating that he had even considered hurting his favorite relative. It took everything in him to stop from changing. It helped that Megan was there—she calmed him, keeping him closer to his human side. "Lauren is and always will be safe from me. I might have reacted badly for a second, but neither Megan nor Lauren realized it. Megan saw me fight the change, but I didn't have the chance to tell her why." He narrowed his eyes at his friend. "She was too busy consoling your mate because she saw you kiss another girl. She cried all night because she was devastated."
Joe stiffened in his chair as his expression changed to guilt. He glanced down, fiddling with the pen. "I'm sorry." The sorrow in his voice was clear. The struggle to keep away from Lauren was obviously getting to him.
"Did you not think for a second how she would feel seeing you kiss another girl?" There was no mistaking the stern tone in Nate’s voice. He was disappointed in his friend.
"Yes, I did, and I bloody well wanted to hurt her at that moment. Ugh! I'm so frustrated,” Joe muttered in a thick Irish brogue. He slammed his fist on the desk with a loud thud, making all the contents shake. Nate noticed that the angrier Joe got, the thicker his Irish accent became. Joe sat back and was silent for a moment. "I followed her to the club." His voice was soft and laced with remorse.
Nate's brow furrowed but only said, "Go on." He would be a hypocrite if he reprimanded Joe for something he had done himself. Megan didn't know that Nate had been following her long before they officially met, and because of that, he was close enough to rescue the family from the fireworks fire months ago. He left before the fireworks went off, hurt and angry that he had seen her with another guy. He knew he had no right to those feelings since she didn't even know him. But that didn’t stop the burning pain in his chest at the sight of that boy with his arm around her shoulders.
Joe cleared his throat, bringing Nate back to the present. "I never intended for her to see me. I was with her a week ago and realized I had to steer clear of her because I very nearly kissed her. But it kills me to be apart from her." He paused, running his hand over his face. "I know why Will objects to us after that rat Rowan tried to kill Megan, but keeping us apart is hurting her. I feel it." Again, anger and frustration flashed on his face. He took a calming breath and squeezed his hand into a fist. It looked like he was fighting the urge to punch something again. "I saw her in the club dancing with another guy. He had his hands all over her. And she's bloody well mine!" His voice rose, and his eyes turned yellow.
Nate's face was filled with understanding. Joe must feel torn between keeping his promise to Will and wanting so desperately to be with his soul mate. 
"I know how you feel, Joe. What happened next?"
"At that moment, I was so angry and hurt that I just wanted her to feel what I was feeling. I know it doesn't make sense because I am the one holding back, but I lost it. I grabbed a girl and pulled her to where I knew Lauren would see me, and I kissed her.” He cringed, and closed his eyes. 
"Look, I know what you're going through. But you can't treat her this way. She was really upset last night."
Joe ran his hand though his auburn hair in aggravation. "What am I to do, Nate? Will refuses to listen to reason. He won’t let me date her, or let me tell her she's mine."
Nate sighed heavily, feeling the weight of the situation on his shoulders. "I'll talk to Will. Maybe if he understood what you both are going through, he'd change his mind. I'll tell him what I witnessed last night, and how hard it is for a werewolf to stay away from his mate. He should already know though, he saw how difficult it was for me.” 
Joe sighed in relief; the separation from Lauren was clearly making him miserable. "I’d appreciate it. But for now, what do you think I should do? Should I apologize?"
Nate tapped his finger on the oak desk in concentration. "Leave it for now. Wait until I talk to Will. I'll try to make it over tonight. But I want to see Megan first."
Joseph nodded, setting the pen back on the desk; it rolled until it hit a small container of pens and pencils. "Thanks, Nate. And I'm really sorry for screwing up your night and accusing you of hurting Lauren. I know you better than that." He stood up, the springs creaking in response. "I've never known another werewolf with as much control as you."
Nate didn't know about that. If he had so much control over the wolf, he wouldn't have marked Megan. What was he thinking? Would she ever forgive him for allowing the wolf to take over and for not telling her right away? "It's fine, as long as you're more careful with her."
Joe's lips pursed and the remorse returned to his face. "I could use a drink. How about I come to your place, and we can drown our sorrows before Megan gets home."
Nate wasn't normally a drinker, but after the last twenty-four hours, he'd make an exception. "Sounds good. Now get back to work."
Joe gave Nate a salute and let himself out of the office; the door clicked softly behind him.
When five o'clock came around, Nate was relieved. He was anxious all day worrying about how Megan would react to the mark. He was nervous to tell her what it meant—that it was more than just a love nibble. He had decided to come clean as soon as she came home from the shelter. They served dinner at five so she should be home around seven. That gave him enough time to prepare what to say.
"You ready?" Joseph asked, popping his head through the door of Nate's office.
"Yes. Let's go." Nate grabbed his briefcase, and together, they walked out of the office. As they passed Will's office, Joe glanced at his friend with pleading eyes. 
Nate shook his head; he wasn't ready to talk to his nephew yet. "Not now. I have to deal with Megan first."
Joe nodded in understanding as they walked quietly through the building to Nate's black sports car.
During the drive, Joe filled Nate in on gossip from the werewolf community. Joe was friends with the pack's leader. Stephen was the alpha for all of New York State—they monitored werewolf behavior within their territory. It was a tight knit group, and although Nate and Joe appreciated what they did, they didn't like the politics of the pack. Every so often, a werewolf would get power hungry and challenge the Alpha. So far, no one had been able to take Stephen down, but it could happen someday and that person might not be as agreeable as the current Alpha. Nate had called Stephen asking for help with Rowan when he was threatening Megan. But since Rowan originally hailed from London, Stephen didn't want to get involved. He wouldn't admit it, but Nate suspected he was afraid to anger the London pack.
The only benefit Nate could see to belonging to the pack was to run with a group on full moon nights. It was the instinct of the wolf. But thankfully, he now had Joe to join him.
When Nate pulled into the driveway to the cottage, he relaxed. Megan and Lauren's cars were in the driveway. They must have come home early. He could resolve the issue of the mark sooner and get it off his chest.
"What are the girls’ cars doing here?" Joe asked, as Nate passed Megan's red convertible. "I though you said they were working at the shelter today."
Nate shrugged. "They must have come home early." He parked the car, opened the door to get out, and froze. "Do you smell that?" he asked Joe, his voice and body filled with tension.
Joe opened his own door, and breathed in. His eyes widened. "Oh, no.” He barely had the whispered words out, and Nate was already rushing past him to the cottage.
When Joe entered the house, Nate was emerging from the bedroom shaking with eyes yellow and hands clenched into fists. "She took our mates!" he growled.
Charlotte had left him alone for over a hundred years, and now that he had finally found happiness, she had decided to come back into his life. He almost laughed at the irony. He wanted to kill her—no one touched his mate. He wanted to change into a wolf, track her down, and rip her apart for taking what was his. He felt the change coming on, and he welcomed it. After marking her, a werewolf should know not to touch. She was his, and he would make that redheaded witch pay. His body shook with anger, and he could feel the tingle as fur began to grow along his skin. He couldn't wait to rip into her body, breaking her bones and taste her blood. She would die for what she had done.
"Nate!"
The sound of a soft voice registered in his mind, but the wolf couldn't understand the word. All he wanted was to get his mate back. He felt the first snap of bone and the lengthening of his teeth.
"Nate, get a hold of yourself!"
Blood whooshed through Nate’s brain, making sounds fuzzy and blurring his vision.
Suddenly, he was knocked to the floor, and a man with auburn hair and gray eyes was hovering over him. He was inches from his face, and all he could think was to snap his fangs at him. This male was keeping him from his woman. 
"Megan, think of Megan. We can get her back." While the words meant nothing to him, that name sounded familiar. The image of green eyes and freckles flashed in the wolf’s mind, and the fog started to fade away. 
"Come back, Nate, or we won't find them. I can't deal with you like this and track them down. I need you. Megan needs you.” Megan needs me. The wolf and the man agreed with that. Nate blinked up at him, feeling his bones crack, returning human, and the sting of his teeth reforming.
"I'm fine! Get off of me," Nate snapped. He was himself again, but he was still furious. Megan was missing, and all he could think about was getting her back.
Joe jumped up, holding his hand out to help Nate. He took it, wanting to show Joe he was once again under control. "We have to tell Will.”
Nate sighed. He didn't want to do that. He just wanted to put his nose to the ground and find the girls. But he knew he owed it to his nephew to explain what had happened. This was why he never wanted to form attachments. Werewolves lived a long time, and some liked to overcome their boredom by wreaking havoc on others. 
"Let’s go,” Nate said. “I hope he's home, I don't want to tell him at the office."
Before they headed to the main house, they both changed into more suitable clothing. Nate didn’t think searching for his mate in his work suit would be a good idea. He needed something more durable and easier to move in. He threw on jeans and a long sleeved t-shirt and rushed out, refusing to waste any more time. Joe finished changing into his borrowed clothes at the same time. 
"This is your fault!" Will bellowed, pointing to Joe.
Nate stepped forward. "Will, she was with my girlfriend, at my house. Joe had nothing to do with it." He left out the fact that Lauren was there in the first place because she was upset with Joe.
Will’s face was red; a vein throbbed on his forehead. His anger was obvious, but Nate could see the worry for his daughter in his eyes. Nate hated putting his family in danger and had tried to stay away to protect them in the past, but he had let that slide after he found Megan. If he hadn’t been so selfish, Megan and Lauren would be safe right now. 
"Charlotte is his sister,” Will scowled, lunging for Joe again. 
"It was still my house, not his." Nate reached out and laid his hand on Will's arm. He didn't want to be here. He wanted to be looking for the girls, but he needed to reassure his nephew. "Don't worry. Just trust that we will get her back. I’m sorry, but we have to leave before the scent disappears."
Will nodded, his face strained.
Nate hated to leave him, but they had to go. He didn't think his wolf would wait any longer.

 




Chapter Five
Trapped

I awoke slowly feeling a throbbing pain in the side of my head, and I tried to think of where I was and why my head felt like it was being squeezed in a vice. Opening my eyes did nothing to answer my questions, blackness had swallowed me up. I couldn't see a thing.
I felt a body pressed against my back and figured it was Nate. But instead of his pine and leather scent, all I could smell was raspberries, oil, and gas. And we were moving. Charlotte’s face and threatening words played in my mind. Damn it, she took Lauren and me and stashed us in the trunk of a car. I couldn’t help it; I began to panic at being in such a confined space. I opened my mouth and started to scream, pounding my fists on the hood of the trunk. But all that did was make my hands hurt and my throat ache. I knew that my screams were useless, but I couldn’t help it. I had never been so terrified in my whole life. 
"Hello?" Lauren called out, her voice laced with fear. For some reason, the sound of her fright calmed me. I stopped screaming and reached out, linking my fingers with hers. 
"Lauren, it’s me. Charlotte took us. We're in the trunk of her car."
She gasped, her breath turning ragged. "Oh, my god!" She tried to sit up, and banged her head on the trunk lid. "Ow!"
I flipped around so I could face her, rubbing her arm with my free hand. "It's okay. Calm down." Despite my own panic, I used a soothing voice. "Nate and Joe will find us."
"How?" she cried. In that one word I could hear the desperation, and dread that she must be feeling. And she was right; our situation wasn’t a good one. "We're in a car. Our scent doesn't go through metal."
Right, I hadn't thought of that. Since I had met Nate, I had learned a few things about werewolves. And there was one thing right now that I was counting on, and that was the strong urge to protect us. When Rowan was threatening me, Nate was very strict in keeping me guarded and wouldn't let me out of his sight. The only reason Rowan was able to grab me was because I asked Nate to leave me alone. He only let me when I promised that Lauren and I would carry the gun that held silver bullets. What I wouldn't give for a silver bullet right now.
Silver! Yes, that was the answer. Werewolves were allergic to silver. And I remembered putting on my silver necklace this morning. The gemstone wouldn’t hurt her, but the setting would. I could just turn it around and burn Charlotte with it when she opened the trunk. Hopefully, she would fall back, and we could run. Right now, I really needed something to make me believe that we’d get out of this. I reached up to touch the pendant for two reasons, one—it would protect me from the vicious werewolf who had taken us. And two—it would make me feel closer to Nate, giving me hope that he would find us. And if hope was all we had, then I would grab onto it as if it were a life line. 
Instead of the cold smooth gemstone, my fingers touched skin. My necklace was gone! My spirits plummeted. I thought I had figured out a way out of this, but Charlotte was again one step ahead of us. My throat burned with the threat of tears, but I would not give that witch the satisfaction.
"Meg," Lauren said softly in the darkness of the trunk. Without seeing a body attached to the voice, she sounded hollow, and ghostly.
"Yes?" I hated the sound of fear in her voice. I needed to be calm so that I could pretend that we would get through this. It was the only way to hold the surge of panic from spilling out of me. 
"Am I really Joe’s mate?"
I wanted to respect Joe's and Will's wishes, but her voice was so full of frustration and pleading, that I had to tell her. "Yes," I whispered, feeling a weight lift off of my shoulders. All the lying had been eating away at me.
She sighed with relief. "Then why has he been pushing me away?" The sound of a muffled horn rang outside the car, and I fought the urge to scream again, knowing it would do no good.
"Your father doesn't want you to be with a werewolf after what happened to me. He thinks it’s too dangerous, and I guess he was right." I laughed darkly at the situation. Just last night, I had thought Will was wrong to keep them apart. "Joe is his friend, so he's been trying to respect his wishes, but it’s been hard for him."
"My father told him to stay away from me?" Her voice rose, ringing with anger. "He had no right. This is my life!" She pounded the side of the trunk with a thud.
"I know. I even told him that you felt the same as Joe, but he wouldn't listen to me. He said that I wasn't a parent and that he was doing what was necessary to protect you."
Umph. The car jolted upward—we must have hit a pothole. Pain shot through my head as it bumped against the hood.
"Ugh." Lauren's voice was a soft moan as she bumped the side of the trunk. "Where do you think she's taking us?"
"I don't know."
"What do you think she wants with us?"
Charlotte’s words drifted through my thoughts. He rejected me, and I don't take rejection well. It was true—she bit Nate and Joe, and they both had left her. Could she be doing this to get even?
"I think it's because she feels rejected by Nate and Joe.”
"Do you think she'll kill us?" The fear was back in her voice, stronger than before. 
"I don't think so. She'd have to know that they'd hunt her down and kill her for doing that." My voice wasn't as strong as I'd hoped it would be, because honestly, how could you predict a sadistic two hundred year old werewolf? 
"Are you-" she began.
"Shhh! Listen," I whispered.
Charlotte was talking. "You didn’t tell me they were both mated. Now, I won't be back for the full moon." She paused with no audible response. I guessed she was on the phone. "I know, I said I'd be back today, but there’s been a change of plans." 
Her voice was muffled, and I might have missed a word or two. "You can handle them." Another pause. "Are you totally useless? If they get out of line, use your teeth. It's not that hard. I have to take care of something. I'll call you if I need you." Lauren nudged me as Charlotte paused again. 
"Just handle it!!" Charlotte yelled, and then the radio came on. She must have hung up.
"Teeth?" Lauren whispered. "Did she make more werewolves?"
I shuddered at the thought of Charlotte creating more monsters like her. "Sounds like it." 
The car slowed and turned a corner. "What were you going to say?" I asked, remembering that I had cut her off.
Her elbow grazed my side as she shifted position. "Are you mad at Nate?"
"For what?" I asked, dumfounded. Why would I be mad at him? It wasn't his fault that Charlotte felt the need to get revenge after a hundred years.
"For marking you." 
I had forgotten about that, which was understandable since I was knocked out and in the trunk of a car. "I'm not sure. Right now, I would give anything to see him." 
I paused, remembering how I reacted to the other odd wolfy things he had done. The idea that he marked me like a rancher branded a cow was a little disturbing. But now with this situation, I hoped it would make the wolf inside of him find me faster. And if that happened, I wouldn't say a word to him about it. I had told him to be honest with me, and although I hated finding out from Charlotte, I understood that with Lauren’s appearance, he couldn’t explain. 
The car slowed, tires crunching on gravel as Charlotte pulled onto the side of the road. When her door creaked open, I tensed, waiting for her to open the trunk, but she didn't. A loud thud sounded above us, and I heard some muffled sounds as she moved around the vehicle. The door closed with a bang, and we began to move once more. 
I relaxed, and thought about what we had been talking about earlier. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you about Joe," I said softly, feeling guilty for keeping it from Lauren for so long.
I felt her lean up on her elbow. "I don't blame you, Megan. I went through the same thing with Nate. And I hated keeping it from you too. But like this, it wasn't my news to tell. Besides, I had my suspicions. I’ve been friends with a werewolf for three years. I recognised the signs."
Her words shocked me. “You knew?”
“Not knew, but I wondered. I was going to ask if you knew anything, but if it was true, you must have had a god reason to keep it from me.”
“Wow! I had no idea that you were suspicious.”
“I asked Joe a few times if there was anything he had to tell me, and he always answered no. So, I thought that maybe I was wrong. It’s a relief to finally know for sure why he’s been pushing me away.
I had felt the same way when I learned the truth about Nate.
We grew quiet, listening for sounds that would be helpful to figure out what was happening. Charlotte got out four more times, just moving around the car. She never spoke to us, and we would tense up waiting for her to make a move, but she didn't. We couldn't figure out what she was up to. Finally after what seemed like hours, she opened the trunk. 
"Come on, I don't want you making a mess in my car.” She grabbed my arm, digging her nails into my skin, and yanked me out. She slammed the trunk on Lauren; her muffled scream had me tensing in Charlotte’s grip.
We were at a rest stop next to a lake on the side of the road. The sun was shining bright, but the chill from the lake bit at my skin. I was still only wearing my short-sleeved sweater. The rest stop was deserted, so any hope of getting help disappeared. 
"Why are you doing this?" I asked her as she shoved me to the small building. I stumbled along losing my footing, but she didn't notice or didn’t care.
"Because I can," was the only answer she gave me.
Once we made it inside the small foul smelling building, she pushed me into the stall and left the door open. "Hurry up and go."
I stood in front of the hole that was cut out of plywood and gaped at her. "You want me to pee while you watch?" I asked, feeling horrified by the idea.
"I'm not leaving you, so if you have to go, do it now. I'm not stopping again." Her gray eyes shot daggers in my direction.
"Where are you taking us?" I asked, unable to keep the tremor out of my voice. Fear throbbed in my chest, taking my breath away.
She just stared at me with her arms folded in front of her. Her long red hair blew with the breeze that came through the open side door. Since she wasn't going to answer me or turn around, I did my business, forgetting about the need for privacy. When I was done, she shoved me back into the car and yanked Laruen out.
While I was waiting for Lauren’s return, I remembered washing my father’s car with Ben when I was younger. Ben was my family’s groundskeeper and Mona’s husband. He had left the trunk open and went into the house. For some odd reason, I climbed inside and shut the lid. At first I thought it was exciting because I had always wanted a fort, and to me it was a close alternative—until I tried to open it. Panic set in, and I started to scream. It felt like I had been in there for hours, but apparently, it was only a few minutes. After Ben let me out, he explained that there was a button that I could have pressed to pop the trunk.
With that thought in mind, I felt along the trunk lid above me, feeling nothing but smooth cold metal, until my fingers touched a round, plastic, button. My heart soared with joy as I pushed it. I almost cheered when the trunk opened. Cold crisp air rushed through the gap, and excitement washed over me. Now that I found the button, we could wait until the car slowed, and then push it open. Just as I was about to pull the lid closed again, I heard Charlotte yell, "You little witch!" And then she was there, reaching for my head. Her eyes were wild and yellow; her face was distorted with rage. She yanked my hair and slammed it onto the floor of the trunk.
Pain exploded as blackness took over—again.


 



Chapter Six
The Search

"So where do we start?" Joe asked Nate as they stood about twenty feet down the driveway outside of the cottage. "We lose the scent here. They've got to be in a car."
Nate knew how Charlotte’s sadistic mind worked; she would want revenge for their happiness. She would want to see them suffer, but she wouldn't kill the girls because keeping them from their mates would be punishment enough.
"She won't kill them," he said softly, gazing down at the gravel below him, expressing his thoughts out loud.
Joe nodded, leaning against Nate's black sports car with his arms crossed in front of him. "No. She's just doing this to make us pay for leaving her. She's incredibly selfish. Always has been. She didn't think she did anything wrong. In her mind, she did you a favor by making you a werewolf."
"And when I hated what she made me?" Nate asked, glancing at Joe, an eyebrow arched.
Joe smirked at his friend as a blast of wind ruffled his hair. "She thought you were ungrateful."
Nate shook his head, not surprised by Joseph's words. Even by the little time he'd spent with Charlotte, he could sense that she believed that the world owed her something. 
"Let me ask you something," Nate began. 
Joe lifted his head, encouraging him to continue. 
"When she didn't get what she wanted, what was her reaction?"
Joseph laughed sadly. "She'd throw a hissy fit, even as an adult." He gazed at Nate, understanding Nate's train of thought. "And you're right; this is her grown up version of a tantrum. She realized we had found our mates, and she hadn't. In her mind, since we rejected her, she had every right to punish us. She'll want us to suffer, and I’ve a feeling she'll hurt them in some way to get her point across even further." Joe winced visibly at his own words. 
It must be hard for him, Nate thought. It wasn’t a stranger that took the women he loved, but his own sister. How could he ever forgive her? Nate was different; he didn’t have a personal attachment to the woman in question. He felt his eyes turn a dull yellow and rage thrum through every cell in his body at the thought of Charlotte hurting Megan. She was the love of his life. He felt whole with her around. He had been miserable for over a hundred years, holding onto guilt for Lucy's death. But Megan freed him from all of that, made him happier than he'd ever been, even before he was turned.
"We have to find them!" Nate's voice was a low growl, his hands clenched into fists.
"How do you suggest we do that?" Joe asked with frustration in his voice. 
"Well,” Nate began, refusing to give up, “We both agree that she won't kill the girls, and she'll want us to find them." Nate paused staring down the driveway. Dusk had fallen, but thankfully they had perfect eyesight so the darkness wouldn’t hinder their search. "I think she'll leave a trail."
Joe nodded, pushing himself off of the vehicle. "I agree. You drive. I'll stick my head out the window."
"No, you drive," Nate argued. A flash of guilt surged through him as he thought of his teeth scraping Megan’s soft skin. "I marked Megan; my senses will be stronger."
"You're right. Let’s go." Joe moved quickly to the other side of the car, eager to start the search.
They had only driven to the end of the Riley's Estate when Nate picked up a scent. "I think she's driving with the window open. The scent seems blurred, mixed with the wind. But it will make it easier to find them. Turn right," he instructed.
They drove for a while in silence with Nate's head leaning slightly out the window. Every once in a while he'd sniff and then nod to Joe. They were still on the right track. When they got to the end of Union, Nate motioned for Joe to turn left. It looked like they were heading to the interstate. 
"I will kill her for this. You know that, right?" Nate said in a low voice, breaking the silence that had fallen upon them. He was looking straight ahead, his eyes focused on the scenery passing by. The streets were nearly deserted. The evening air was icy, keeping pedestrians at home or in cars.
Joe shook his head gravely. "I understand, and my wolf is itching to make her pay for taking my mate, but she's me sister. I can't kill her." His voice held a note of fear. “She wasn't always a sadistic werewolf—she used to be human.”
"She took your mate!" Nate yelled, slamming his fist against the dashboard in front of him as frustration took over. He wanted to stop talking and figure out how to find them, and instead, Joe was defending the one that had ripped the girls from their grasps. "And she kills for fun. She needs to die!"
Joe's face was strained as he turned to glance at Nate. "Don't you think I know all of this?" he asked, his Irish accent getting thicker with emotion. "But she is me family. I can't let you kill her." His tone was firm, and he wouldn’t back down. They both sensed a fight in their future, but for now they held a common goal—to find their mates and make sure they were safe.
Nate faced his friend with pursed lips. "Let’s just find them and then decide what to do with Charlotte."
Joe turned away to concentrate once more on the road without uttering a word.
Nate sniffed again. "Turn here," he said gesturing to the I-81 Northbound. "Do you think she's headed to Syracuse?"
"No idea. Could be Watertown, Fort Drum, even Canada. There are lots of possibilities this way."
"She's your sister. Where does she live?"
"Do you think she keeps in contact with me?" Joe asked, with his brow raised. "I haven't heard from her since I left her. Stephen talks to her every once in a while. Last time I heard, she was in Chicago."
"Is that how she found us? Through Stephen?"
Joseph shrugged his shoulders. "Must be. I certainly didn’t tell her."
They grew quiet, following the scent trail Charlotte had left them, knowing that they could be going on a wild goose chase—or even worse, a trap. But their only option was to follow through; they had to find the girls, no matter what awaited them.
After about an hour and a half, Nate glanced at Joe. "I asked Megan to marry me last night." 
Joseph's face brightened, and his lips formed a small smile. "That's wonderful! Did she say yes?" 
For a brief moment, Nate's eyes flashed with happiness. Megan had agreed marry to him, and he still couldn't comprehend why. "Yes. But we didn't have time to make any plans."
Joe's eyes widened with alarm. "Is she wearing a ring?" he asked, his voice was filled with worry.
Nate shook his head with relief clear on his face. "No, I found it in her nightstand before we left."
"That's good. Who knows what Charlotte would do if she saw that?"
Nate nodded. "I know." He glanced around the area the scent trail had led them. Civilization had slipped away, leaving only trees, lakes, and fields. They hadn't seen much of anything for the last half hour. Just as Nate was about to open his mouth to speak, his nose caught a big whiff of all three women. 
"Stop!" he yelled, his heart racing. The scents were so strong that the girls were either here or had been not long ago.
Joe slowed to a stop, and both werewolves jumped out. The scent led them to a rest stop, which was empty. 
"Should we look around?" Joe gestured to the woods beyond the small building that held both men's and women's washrooms. The siding was a faded green color that hadn’t seen a coat of paint in years. Nate noticed the cracks and peeled paint in an afterthought as he glanced around. 
"There's no point. The trail leads to the building and back to the road. Damn it!" Nate pounded his fist against the side of the building. A loud thud echoed in the brisk darkness, and the wind rustling through leaves in the forest beyond was the only answer. It was getting late, it was already eight thirty. He was frustrated. The moment he smelled Megan's scent, his hope had soared. He should have known that Charlotte wouldn't make it that easy.
Back on the road twenty minutes later, the trail turned left just before Watertown. As they drove, they realized they were headed to Cape Vincent. Once they entered the small city, they followed the scent to Joseph Street and then turned right to St. James. Nate could smell the hint of a lake ahead of them and remembered that there was a ferry that led to Canada. Sure enough they came to a dead end, where a lineup of cars awaited a boat called Horne's Ferry. The sign on the side of the road read Wolfe Island, Canada. Apparently, they were going for a boat ride. 
"Do you have your passport on you?" Nate asked Joe, taking his own wallet out to look for his.
"Actually, I do," he replied. "I used to travel to Ireland quite often, so I'm used to keeping it handy."
"It makes sense that she'd take them to an island. Their scent would be washed away by water. I doubt we'd even find it on the boat." Nate shook his head, aggravation filling every cell in his body. "Your sister is really ticking me off." She definitely was making it hard for them. "We should get out and sniff around to make sure the trail leads to the boat. And when the boat arrives, one of us should sneak on to see if there's any scent on it."
Nate followed a narrow pebbled beach that led down as far as he could see, while Joe went the opposite direction. But there was no need to go any further, the trail ended at the line of cars. Charlotte had obviously stayed in her vehicle, and whether she boarded the boat was yet to be determined.
Back at the car, Joe reported the same results.
As they waited for the boat to arrive, voices and squawks of birds carried in through the open windows. Nate could also hear the motor in the distance, and he estimated it would arrive within fifteen minutes, but couldn't see the ferry because of the six or so cars ahead of them. The temperature was dropping, which didn't affect him. Werewolves could take all kinds of weather, but he was worried about Megan. Was she outside in the frigid cold, freezing to death? Was she wondering where he was, afraid he wouldn't find her? Panic began to fill him, and he tried to shake it off. These thoughts were not helping. He had to keep it together.
In the silence of the car, Nate could smell perfume and cologne from people waiting in their vehicles along with lake water, garbage and pizza from the restaurant down the street. But the familiar scent of raspberries was not among them. He missed her bright green eyes and the feel of her strawberry blond hair between his fingers. His heart ached as the image of her beautiful face appeared in his mind. Forgetting his vow to calm down, he worked himself into a wolfish rage. The feel of his teeth lengthening came on so fast that he was shocked. He couldn't turn inside the car with innocent people all around them. He closed his mind and concentrated on his human teeth, taking deep calming breaths. He clenched his hand into fists and fought for control.
"You okay?" Joe asked as Nate shook, resisting the urge to turn. "Full moon's tomorrow night. Is it affecting you?"
"No, I was thinking of Megan, and my wolf got impatient with our search." Nate's voice was gravelly, but at least it wasn't a growl.
Joe was silent with a thoughtful look on his face. "We'll find them,” he said. “We knew it wouldn't be easy. Charlotte wants us to suffer."
"I know that!” Nate snapped. “Just tell that to the wolf who marked his mate. He wants to kill her."
Joe tensed. His hand gripped the steering wheel. "Nate," he began, his tone a warning.
"Here comes the ferry," Nate announced, interrupting his friend before they could resume the argument on how to handle Joe’s sister. He saw the bow of the boat move toward them. The Canadian flag rippled in the wind and left a muddle of shiny colors in the water. 
"I'll slip out and sneak on. I won't be long." Without another word, Nate glided out the door.
Nate hid in the shadows as the boat docked and slipped onto the metal landing, inching unnoticed along the sides of the boat. A stab of disappointment flowed through him when the only scents he could smell were from the men working, garbage, and lake water. It was too strong—it washed away any traces of the girls. 
Back in the car, he shut his door and explained his news to Joe.
"Should we go over to scout for their scent?" Joe asked, disappointment shining in his eyes.
Nate was torn. "Yes, we should check, just in case. I hate wasting time, but if they're there..." He trailed off, knowing that Joe would understand.
His friend nodded his head. "I agree; we can't risk missing them."
When all the cars were loaded, a man in a big blue coat and navy blue hat leaned in the driver’s side window. His bushy eyebrows were the prominent feature on his otherwise plain face. 
"Passports?" he said, shivering from the cold air. Both men handed him what he requested, and with a small smile that moved his eyebrows up and down, reminding Nate of caterpillars creeping over a branch, he moved to the vehicle behind them.
The motor chugged for about twenty minutes. By the time they docked at their destination, it was close to ten. Once they were finally on solid ground, the men pulled over to the side of the road about a hundred feet from the dock. 
"Should we change? We could cover the whole island faster in wolf form." Joe suggested, glancing around the deserted area. The roads were paved roughly, and no houses were visible. Woodland was all they could see, but they could smell humans a few miles away.
"Good idea. You take the east, I’ll take west?" Nate asked, glancing from side to side, making sure the coast was clear before he began stripping.
Once Joe nodded, they parted ways to prepare for their change. As soon as they had stashed their clothes by a nearby tree, they both leaned down on all fours, concentrating on their wolf form. Normally, without the full moon, they had to call to their wild side, but ever since they found their mates missing, they had been holding the animal at bay. 
The wolf burst out of Nate, the image of green eyes and strawberry-blond hair in his mind. He didn't wait for the wolf next to him; instead, he took off through the unknown terrain searching for his mate. He flew through the trees and bushes, jumped over overturned logs and brush effortlessly. Branches and thorns bit into his fur, but he didn't notice. His mind was filled with white noise; he registered nothing, only concentrating on one scent—that wasn't there.
His paws pounded the uneven ground as he raced through the woods; he inhaled all the smells around him deeply. About a half mile into the trek, he turned as civilization appeared in the distance. A house stood at the end of a driveway, but he paid no attention. The only smells emanating from the house were fried chicken, vegetables, and a combination of human sweat and soap—nothing that interested him.
After a few more miles, he encountered more houses, more smells, but no Charlotte, no Megan, and no Lauren. Frustration filled the wolf’s mind as he forced himself to move faster and cover more ground. His paws pounded the earth like thunder. It didn't take long before he came to a road that was lined with businesses—a general store, a hotel with a bar, and a few restaurants. There was a long line of cars that must be waiting for another ferry to take them to the neighboring city, but he didn’t care, since none of the girl’s scents were around.
He followed the road, slipping through backyards, hoping to avoid being seen. It was late, after midnight, but this part of the island was alive with activity. Crowds of people gathered around a hotel, and loud music pumped out of the building.
Leaving them behind, Nate followed the road back to the rear of the island, this time from a different path, knowing that Joe would take an alternate route so they could cover more ground. They didn't need words—they had been running together off and on for fifty odd years.
About ten minutes away from the village, he caught a whiff of werewolf. Out of curiosity, he followed the scent to a house, and he crawled over to peek through the window. A man he knew was not entirely human sat on a leather sofa watching TV by himself. Nate didn’t detect any of the scents he was looking for, so he moved on.
Time was passing by, and he was no further ahead in his search. The wolf was getting agitated the longer he was away from her. The scent of dirt, pine, grass, and animals was all he could smell. He could sense his pack member a few miles away searching with the same results—there was no sign of them.
As he came up to the spot where he had begun his hunt, he skidded to a stop. He felt defeated, lost, and incredibly angry. He leaned back on his hind legs, lifted his head to the night sky, and howled.



Chapter Seven
A Fright

I sat up quickly at the sound of an agonizing howl. My head felt dizzy by the sudden move. I glanced around my surroundings, feeling confused and lightheaded. My limbs were achy, and drained of all energy. I was lying in a bed in a small room that smelled of mothballs. The walls were lined with faded wood paneling, and besides the creaky bed underneath me, all that occupied the room was a white dresser.
Through the window, I could see that darkness had fallen. A lamp on the dresser gave off the only light, creating creepy shadows along the walls. The howl I heard had been a lone one, and there was only silence now. Not even the sound of a clock ticking broke through the quiet. The lack of noise was like an overwhelming pulse of energy that threatened to suffocate me. I suddenly had a powerful need to hear a voice, a ring, even a scream. Any sound of life would help the fear that sat on my chest like a weight.
The last thing I remembered was being at the cottage with Lauren and then Charlotte. A flash of déjà-vu went through my mind. I had woken up the same way earlier in the trunk of a car with Lauren. Being knocked out was really getting old. What I wouldn't give to slam Charlotte's head into something for a change. 
Moving slowly to the edge of the bed, I felt a spring that poked through the mattress as I placed my feet on the wood floor to test my balance. I was still wearing the ballet flats I had put on this morning. I felt a little dizzy, but I was stable enough to stand. I tiptoed to the closed door and put my head against the smooth wood, listening for any signs of Charlotte. Again, there was only silence. 
I tried the knob, half expecting it to be locked, but it turned smoothly. The hinges from the door creaked when it opened. The noise was extremely loud in the otherwise quiet surroundings. Beyond the room was a small kitchen and living room combo, all wood-panelled. Flowered curtains faded from the sun hung on the tiny windows. The room was filled with dusty plush furniture and rickety looking table and chairs. Deer shaped salt and pepper shakers were placed on the table and a stuffed fish decorated the fireplace mantel. The smell of mothballs permeated the room.
I flinched at the sound of a moan behind a door next to the room I emerged from. Afraid of who it could be, I headed over slowly, careful not to make too much noise.
"Megan?" Even though Lauren's voice was muffled through the door, I could still hear the panic in it. 
Relief washed over me in a wave. I hated that Lauren was in this situation, but I was thankful I wasn’t alone. I turned the knob, and pushed the door open.
Lauren sat up in a bed similar to the one I woke in. Her hair was messy and falling over half of her face. Her eyes were sleepy and confused. The room was as equally small as mine but with a rocking chair in the corner. Thankfully, Charlotte was nowhere to be seen.
I rushed to her, throwing my arms around her neck. For some reason, the raspberry scent from my shampoo in her hair brought me comfort—a little piece of home.
"Where are we?" she asked into my hair.
I let her go and drew back. "I don't know, I just woke up. It's dark outside; we must have been asleep all day."
Lauren nodded, her face scrunched up in fear. "She drugged us."
"How do you know?"
"After she slammed your head against the trunk and knocked you out, she shot you with a needle, and said, ‘This will keep you out.’ Then she knocked me out and no doubt did the same."
"That's why I feel so drained."
"I guess so. Is Charlotte here?" Lauren whispered, her troubled hazel eyes shifting behind me and to the door beyond.
I shrugged. "I'm not sure. I don't think so." I stood up, pulling her with me. "We should go explore. Maybe there's a phone or something."
Hand in hand, we ventured back out to the living room; the tapping of our shoes on the wood floor was the only sound. We separated with Lauren taking the small kitchen area while I looked in the living room. Neither of us could find a phone.
I sat down on the stuffed chair while Lauren checked the only door to the outdoors. When it opened, cold air rushed in. I jumped up and joined her, peeking outside. All that we could see was a small yard, with a forest beyond. Bare branches and cedar bushes danced with the breeze. At the sound of waves crashing in the strong wind, I realized there must be a lake behind us. 
Lauren paused at the door. "I saw a flashlight in one of the kitchen drawers." She left me, but was back in a flash, now with a beam of light to guide us.
We ventured outside to try and find a way out of this awful mess, wandering down the yard looking for a road. There was nothing but trees. Besides the flashlight, the only illumination was the moon, which helped to light the way. I was right; the cabin was located next to a lake. Now that I lived with Nate, I was used to the sound of waves.
My eyes widened, and hope flared as I spotted a motorboat docked at the edge of the property. Our salvation—we were free. I actually knew how to drive one. Nate had taught me in the summer. All we needed was a key. I crossed my fingers as I rushed towards the midnight black vessel, the uneven ground making me wobble more than run. The only reason we saw it was because the moon shone off of the shiny paint; otherwise, it would have blended into the darkness.
As I stepped onto the deck of the boat, my heart sank, and disappointment wracked through my body. The ignition was empty. 
"Damn it," I said, feeling deflated. I wanted to get mad and have a tantrum. But I needed to stay clear-headed… and be smart. I could be smart. 
Lauren came up behind me and started to move the flash light around, looking for the key. She searched under the seat, the steering wheel, in both compartments and every inch of the floor, with no results. Whoever owned this boat had the key with them unless it was in the cottage. Before I could voice my thoughts, Lauren spoke.
"Do you think this is the only cabin around? Maybe we should look around to see if there are any neighbors with phones we can use."
The idea of walking around in the middle of nowhere in the dead of night with the threat of a sadistic werewolf lurking about terrified me. But what other choice was there? We were left alone in a cabin, and this was our only chance. We joined hands once again and followed the water’s edge, which was pebbled and at times rocky. The wind whipped our hair and cut at our skin. We were wearing short-sleeves, but we hardly noticed the cold. If we could get free, then it would be worth it.
As we walked, the tiny pebbles turned into stones and eventually boulders that were almost impossible to walk over without tripping. My choice of footwear this morning was not exactly suitable for hiking on rocks and boulders. The rocks dug into my soles. And since there was absolutely no tread on the bottom of my ballet flats, I slipped over the boulders and stubbed my toes against the hard edges. I gazed towards the edge of the trees, constantly hoping for flat ground to make our trek easier, but there was none. The brush grew right to the edge of the water.
We had travelled for about ten minutes, hugging our arms to our bodies against the brisk wind, following the faint light without luck. There were still no other houses or cabins around. The question that continued to pop into my brain was—where were we? We could see across the lake in the moonlight. I had a bad feeling that we were on an island, and to make matters worse, we were alone without a phone or food. Just the thought of food made my stomach rumble. We didn’t have breakfast this morning or anything to drink. The cabin had running water, but food was another story. How long could we survive without it?
"Look," Lauren said, pointing the flashlight to the edge of the trees just as a gust of wind whipped around us. It blew my hair into my face, blocking my view. When I tucked the offending locks behind my ears, I saw what she was referring to. It was flat ground. Out of breath and tired, I pulled her hand and half dragged her towards the trees. When we were almost there, my treadless left shoe slipped and caught between two large rocks, twisting my ankle. A burning pain shot through it. 
"Damn it," I yelped, hobbling the rest of the way. We tumbled onto the ground, and I held my sore ankle in my hands.
"Does it hurt?" Lauren asked.
Instead of sobbing like I wanted, I pulled all the strength I could muster and stood up. I cringed as I leaned on the sore foot. 
"It's fine, let’s go. If we don't find anything, we should head back to the cabin before we freeze to death." Another shot of brittle cold air blew at me. We had to get warm soon.
"We're on an island; look." She had pointed the flashlight ahead of us where we could see only water. "And not a very big one. I think we're alone here." Lauren sobbed. "She left us here to die."
"If it wasn't so cold, maybe we could swim across. We're not far from the mainland." I pointed behind us because we had rounded the bend and now could only see water, no land.
She breathed in deeply, trying to calm herself. "I'm not a good swimmer, even if it was warm. How's the ankle?" she asked.
I tried to ignore the constant throbbing, and if I limped, it was bearable. "It's fine," was all I said. I was about to add that I'd live when the sound of a howl erupted in the night sky. 
Lauren tensed next to me, squeezing my hand so hard that she cracked a few knuckles. I winced, but didn’t protest. She was scared, and frankly, so was I.
"Do you think that's Charlotte, noticing that we're gone?"
I really hoped not. Charlotte was scary enough in human form. She had done a lot of damage as a wolf. One of which was killing my ancestor, and others in that town. She liked to kill humans. But that was over a hundred years ago. I just hoped she had evolved. 
"Nah," I scoffed trying to ease her mind. "It's probably just a normal wolf."
"That doesn't make me feel any better," she grumbled as we rounded the bend and started for the long stretch again. There was still no sign of other life. This side of the island was even closer to land. I really wished it was warmer. I'd make a go of it and tow Lauren if I had to.
We walked for about another hour feeling exhausted. My ankle was extremely sore, and we were freezing. The trail we were following had thinned, and we were being assaulted with sharp branches. I wanted to give up; there were no other cabins around. Thankfully, Lauren’s flashlight revealed a boat. Although I was pleased to see it, I didn't get too excited because it was the same one we had seen earlier. I was just glad that we would be able to get in, out of the cold so I could rest my foot.
Just as we came up on the pebbled beach, we heard another howl. This time it was joined with others. Lauren gasped and gripped my hand again so hard I thought she'd break it. We quickened our pace and rushed up to the yard as the howling got louder. I froze as a reddish-brown wolf broke from the trees and stared at us. It was fifty feet away, but I could hear the growl. I gulped, but couldn't move. I was frozen with fear. Lauren was able to gain her composure before I did, and she pulled me along, walking slowly toward the cabin. The lights glowing from the windows were a beacon to safety. After a few more steps, another wolf appeared next to the first one. This one was light brown, almost tan. Once again, we froze. I blinked, now there were five wolves. Was I imagining this, or was I so exhausted that my mind was playing tricks on me? The first one growled again, and took a step closer. With the light from the cabin, I could see that the color was more rust than reddish brown. It was very close to the color of Charlotte’s hair. For some reason, I recognized her as this wolf and knew she hadn’t left. She wasn’t finished with us yet. I didn’t even want to think about her plans for us or why she had changed into her wolf form. Even more disturbing, was the fact that she recruited an entire pack of werewolves just for us, which was odd since we obviously weren’t much of a threat. The tan one stood next to her, while one black and two brown wolves lingered behind them. While their coats were all a different color, the one thing they had in common was their sharp teeth. All of them were snarling at us, baring long pointed fangs. I couldn’t help but gulp, as icy, clawing-fear slithered up my spine.
This time, I was the first to gain my composure and pulled Lauren forward as we took off into a run. In retrospect, this probably wasn't a good idea because the wolves did the same. Thankfully, we had a shorter distance to go. They were right on our heels, growling and snarling. My heart was in my throat as we made it to the cabin steps. As we opened the door, the wolves jumped up on the porch, snapping their fangs. We slammed the door on them and stood against it, feeling relief and the warmth from the room. My skin prickled as I began to recover from the chill.
As I stepped further into the cabin, a thud rang out, and the wooden door shook. I spun around to see Lauren still leaning against it, her eyes wide with fright. Another thud, and the door shook again. The wolves were slamming into it, trying to get in.
I swung around, looking for something to put in front of the doorframe and spotted a thick cabinet. It looked heavy, but it wasn't far. "Help me move this!" I yelled.
We both took an end, while the door shook once more. I counted to three, and...nothing. The thing wouldn't budge. 
"Again," I yelled just as a wolf snarled through the tiny window. Its lips were pulled back, showing pointed jagged teeth. The light from inside the cabin reflected off of its glassy yellow eyes that were filled with hunger. I gasped and jumped back. Another thump sounded against the door, making the frame shake. The sound of a whine made me smile. Poor wolf hurt himself trying to kill us.
I leaned forward, channeling every ounce of strength I had. I thought angrily of everything Charlotte had done to us. She knocked us out twice, kidnapped us, and left us with no food in the middle of a freaking island where I sprained my ankle. And now we were being attacked by wolves. If we ever got out of this, I’d seriously give her a piece of my mind.
I don't know where the spurt of energy came from, whether it was fear or adrenaline, but this time, the stupid shelf moved. It scraped against the wood floor with a loud screech. Lauren pulled while I pushed with everything we had, until it finally covered the door frame.
We stepped back, out of breath and panting as we watched the cabinet shake when another wolf rammed into the door. It moved slightly, but thankfully the wood was thick and sturdy. We were safe for now. Exhaustion set in, and I fell into the sofa, lifting my aching foot up onto the cushion.
Lauren went into the bedroom and returned with the checkerboard quilt, which she covered me with. 
"Thank you," I gasped, out of breath from all the strenuous and terrifying events we'd been through.
She nodded before moving to the sink and filling two glasses with water. She brought them back to the couch, handed me one, and took a drink from her own glass. I took a long gulp of the tepid, odd-tasting liquid, having never felt so thirsty in my life. My hand shook, spilling water as a howl pierced the air, setting off the rest of the wolves. I wiped the water from my sweater with the blanket and set the glass beside Lauren's on a small table beside the furniture.
We held hands and curled up on the couch under the blanket, trying to ignore the howling and snarling of the wolves. "I'm sorry, Lauren. If you hadn't been at the cottage, you wouldn't be in this mess."
She huffed, giving me a dirty look that was visible from the glow of the lamp. "Don't be stupid. This is Charlotte's fault, not yours." She squeezed my hand, and I swallowed the lump in my throat. I was tired, freezing, hungry, terrified, and in agony from my ankle, but above all of that, I missed Nate. We hadn't been apart for this long since I moved in with him. I suddenly felt the need to talk about the guy I loved. 
"Nate proposed last night," I blurted. I hadn't meant to tell her that. It wasn't the time, but we might not make it through the night, and I couldn't die with this secret.
She gasped, her eyes alight with happiness. "He did?" She leaned over, careful of my foot and hugged me. "I'm so happy for you."
I smiled, about to say thank you, when a wolf jumped up to the window and scraped its claws against the glass. The high-pitched sound reminded me of nails on a chalk board. The wolf snarled at us, baring its jagged teeth. We jumped at the sudden noise and waited for the window to break. Nothing happened and the wolf disappeared from sight, but we could still hear them on the porch howling and snarling. We huddled together with the blanket, watching the door, making sure the shelf didn't move. That was how we stayed all night.

 



Chapter Eight
A Night’s Rest

"We had to check." Joseph reassured Nate for the third time. They were inside the car patiently waiting at the ferry dock. Nate had been quiet since they had turned back to their human form, and his silence was overwhelming in the small space. 
"They're fine. We will find them," Joe said again, sounding eager to break the silence.
Finally, Nate turned his head. The expression on his Nate's face could only be described as defeat. But his eyes were a different story. They were glazed and wide with a frantic look. The men had been searching for the girls for hours, and the separation from Nate's mate was taking a toll on him. 
"You don't know that. Maybe she will kill them." Nate finally spoke; his voice was low and filled with dread.
Joe's face went hard. "Stop it, Nate. You can't think like that. We’ll find them. You just need to rest. We've been searching for eight hours straight, and we're tired. We're no good to them this way." He paused, waiting for Nate to argue. When he didn't and just simply sat staring out through the car window at the lake before them, Joe went on. "Once we get some sleep, you'll feel better, and ready to find them. And we will find them."
Nate’s first reaction was to balk at the idea; they couldn't rest until they found the girls. But he needed to do what was best for Megan. And after searching for hours on the island with no results, he had turned back human feeling beaten, and ready to die. If their search ended badly, how could he live without her? And when he realized what direction his mind was heading, he knew Joe was right. He needed to rest. He could not let his mind take such a dark path. They would find the girls, they had to. 
When the ferry tooted its horn in the distance, Nate nodded his head. "I agree, we need to rest." He didn't say anything more as they waited, or when they drove up onto the boat. They were the only vehicle on the deck. It was after two in the morning, and the ferry that had just arrived seemed eerily silent. Or it was in Nate's head? He felt a weight settle on him, smothering him.
Nate went through the motions of nodding his head when Joe spoke, and noted their route with half a mind when they departed the ferry. Before he knew it, they were pulling into a rundown building with a flashing red sign in front that read 'vacancy'. He stayed in the car as Joe went to check them in for the night. He was still silent when he exited the vehicle once he saw his friend return.
"You alright, Nate?" Joe asked, as he pushed the door of their rented room open. It appeared to be clean but smelled of old urine, perfume and an underlying scent of lemon fresh cleaner that did nothing to hide the foul odors. But they were so tired that the stench wouldn't affect their sleep.
"I'm fine," Nate answered robotically. "Just tired." As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he fell onto the bed, causing dust particles to bounce into the air from the puke-green blanket. He closed his eyes without uttering another word to Joe, hoping for the oblivion that sleep would bring.
The sound of deep breathing woke Nate. Opening his eyes and glancing around, he discovered he was in a room that he now remembered to be a hotel. There were two beds with matching quilts. The other bed was occupied by Joe who was still sleeping. Nate himself was about to close his eyes again until green eyes flashed in his mind. The urge to find Megan came with a crushing need. He jumped up and spun around looking for a clock. He cringed when he saw the time—it was eleven in the morning. They had wasted valuable time sleeping. 
"Joe, get up," he called as he headed to the washroom. There was only a faint groan in response.
Nate growled, “Come on, Joe!”
"I'm up," Joe finally grumbled.
Nate emerged from the bathroom giving Joe a chance to take his turn. When he finished, they rushed out of the room to check out
Twenty minutes later, they were headed out of Cape Vincent and back to I-81. The sun that shone the day before was hidden behind the clouds. There was no rain yet, but the damp chill suggested it was coming. “We should stop to get something to eat,” Joe said into the silence of the car.
Nate winced. He didn’t want any more delays, but today was the full moon, and they hadn’t eaten since lunch yesterday. They couldn’t risk hurting innocent people. “Drive thru will be faster,” was his only answer.
Joe nodded and headed to a fast food restaurant where they filled up the backseat with food bags. 
When they turned back onto the interstate, Nate caught Charlotte’s scent. 
They traveled for an hour as they ate their lunch. Nate was munching on fries when the scent changed direction again in Alexandria Bay, right before the Thousand Island Bridge. They turned left onto Collins Landing Road to Seaway Ave. 
"Do you think we're headed to another island then?" Joe asked with a burger in his hand. They were traveling down a scenic road that held over-sized lake side houses.
"Probably. Like you said, she wants to make us suffer. She's not going to make it easy." Nate sighed, hating what they would have to go through to find them. "You know where we are, don't you?"
Joe swallowed his bite, finishing off his burger and turned his head, his expression blank. "Alexandria Bay, why?"
"Didn't you see the signs, back there?" He gestured behind him. "That was the Thousand Island Bridge."
Joe shrugged "Tis just a name right? They don't mean literally." He wasn't from this area and had only been here for a few months, so he wouldn't know that the name of the bridge unfortunately was literal.
Nate laughed without humor. "There may not be a thousand islands, but there are hundreds. And since the water erases the scent, we'll have to check each one."
Joe's face fell. "That’ll take hours. The moon’s full tonight." 
This time of year, the moon came out earlier; they only had a few more of hours of daylight. "We can hold the change off for a while, but we bloody well can't all night. We'll have to turn eventually."
Nate considered their predicament. Joe was right, as they aged, they could go longer into the night without changing, but not for long. However, he was determined to find Megan, so he would go as long as he could. They could find a place to change when the time came. "We'll deal with that as it comes; right now we have to focus on the girls." 
The trail led to a public boat launch that held rows of both private and rental boats.
Joe parked the car while Nate stuffed their food wrappers into the bags. 
"Can I help you guys?" A man's voice called from behind them. Nate had smelled his approach but didn’t bother to look up. He was looking for clues, and when he found none, he turned around to face a man with a fake tan, silver hair, and a too bright smile.
"Has anyone rented a boat recently?" Nate asked, pointing to the boats in the distance.
The man grinned, almost blinding the werewolves' with his shiny teeth. "We're in the off season. Not many people travel out on the lake in this weather, but I did have one customer yesterday. A pretty little red-head rented a twenty foot speed boat, but she hasn't returned it yet."
"Do you know where she went?" Nate asked, leaning his hand on the nearest boat casually, but inside, he wanted to scream at the man for allowing the witch to use a boat.
"Naw." The man waved his hand at them dismissively. "We don't ask those questions. But I assume she went to an island on the river." He meant the St. Lawrence River, home of a thousand islands. 
"Was she with any one?" Joe asked.
"Don't think so. I left her for a few minutes to answer the phone, but I only saw her in the boat as it drove off." 
Nate tried not to be discouraged by this information, because it wasn't simply Charlotte's scent in the air, but both Lauren's and Megan's as well. He was about to open his mouth to speak when the man beat him to it.
“She did come back a few hours later to pick up four young men. Not sure where she was taking them, but that's not my business."
Nate's stomach dropped as he swallowed heavily. "Is this boat available to rent?" he asked, pointing to a silver speed boat, trying to hide his wariness. This news did nothing to change their mission. They had countless islands to check and little hours of daylight to do it. Soon they'd be wolves, unable to maneuver a vessel.
"Sure, come with me, and I'll get you set up."
They followed the man to a little office, which was filled with all kinds of aquatic paraphernalia. The air was stale and smelled of cigars. He stood behind a counter and pulled out an invoice book. With a swipe of Nate’s credit card and a payment of two hundred dollars, they were given the keys to the boat.
Nate took the wheel, and when he stuck the key in the ignition, the boat sputtered to life. The smell of gas floated out of the motor. "We'll start with the closest one." Nate called over the motor to Joe who stood next to him.
The sky was overcast, and a drizzle filled the air as they quietly rode over the dark water. 
As they came up to the first island, Joe spoke. "I don’t like the sound of this.” He breathed in deeply, a crease appearing on his forehead. “Charlotte takes two human girls to a deserted island and returns to pick up four young men that were most likely werewolves?" He turned to face Nate. "There's a full moon tonight. It sounds like a hunt—like she's training her new minions."
Nate's face hardened as he gripped the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white. He was unable to process that idea. "Let's just find them." His voice was a low growl.
The first island was tiny with minimal foliage on the land. Nate slowed to a stop in front of a large boulder, and Joe jumped out. He was only gone ten minutes before he returned, shaking his head, his gray eyes visibly disappointed. "Nope, nothing." 
The next one was larger with three cottages set against a long sandy beach. There were no boats docked, but they tried it anyway with the same result. Joe came back shaking his head, worry lines etched in his forehead.
Hours later, and they were still searching the islands that were getting further away and larger. Both men searched with growing desperation, inspecting every inch of the land’s mass. It was dark now and the moon was out. They were shaking with the effort to hold the animals at bay.
"Nate, we have to stop," Joe snarled as they headed to the next one. He was gritting his teeth, holding the wolf back. "We can change, run for a while, and change back."
Nate shook his head. "Just a few more.” He spotted an island up ahead. It was about three miles long, trees and bushes covered most of the land, but a small cabin was visible in the moonlight. The boat slowed to a stop, and Joe jumped up on the dock to tie it up. Nate followed him up a small knoll. 
Joe's head snapped toward Nate, his eyes yellow. "They're here." His voice was a roar; he was having a hard time staying human. "And so are the bloody werewolves." He raced forward up the hill, towards a small cabin that was lit up inside. The building was sided with weathered wood and held a small porch. Gouges and scratches marked the slightly open door and surrounding area. Before they had a chance to acknowledge them as claw marks, they spun at the sound of a growl behind them. A rust colored wolf stalked toward them from behind the house. It bared its teeth and snarled. 
"That’s her," Joe said, just above a whisper.
"Yes," Nate agreed, and pure hatred surged inside of him, making his wolf respond. Nate's eyes turned yellow, and he felt the hairs hum along his skin. Again, he pushed it back. First, he had to deal with this wolf. As both men took a step forward, they heard a moan from inside the cottage. Joe's eyes glazed over, and his arms began to shake. "Go on, I can handle this," Nate mumbled, focused on the animal in front of him.
Joe rushed into the cabin leaving Nate with the wolf. It growled again and then spun around, taking off into the woods, its bushy tail swinging side to side.
Nate raced after it, his feet pounding into the frozen ground, fully aware that he was not fast enough. He was in human form and no match for a wolf.
He was not entirely at a disadvantage though. With his enhanced abilities, he was faster and more agile. He could make his limbs move at incredible speeds. He saw the wolf heading down a straight path that curved up ahead. He took a sharp turn and raced through the shrubbery, over the undergrowth, and up a grassy mound. He could see the wolf round the bend, its paws eating up the terrain. Just as it moved below him, he pounced, landing on the ground right behind it. He wasn’t even close enough to grab the tail.
Feeling frustrated, but not giving up, he focused on all the rage he had for Charlotte. Letting the adrenaline kick in, he pushed forward. Not letting the fact that he was a few feet behind the wolf get him down. He was determined to catch it and refused to give up. He was so focused on his fast pace that he wasn’t looking ahead of him and he tripped on a root. It was sticking out of the ground. He stopped himself from going all the way down with his hands as they dug into the rough ground. He barely noticed the jagged cuts on his hands as he got his footing back. 
He winced as he realized he had fallen even more behind. There was no use; the animal in front of him was just too fast. 
Right when his legs began to slow, the light from the moon shone on a large tree lying across the path in front of the wolf. Nate pushed forward, hoping to catch it when it slowed to make the jump. As the wolf leaped into the air, Nate pounced, trying to grab hold, anything to slow the animal down. But it was too fast, and his feet landed on the bare dead maple instead, his feet getting caught in the branches. He paused taking a deep breath but continued on.
Exhaustion began to seep into his body, and a wave of anxiety set in just as he saw another bend in the path. The terrain in the center morphed into a hill, and he knew that if he could climb it, he might be able to jump down and stop the wolf. Since he was running out of options, he took a hard right and dove up onto a tree stump. He leapt up the terrain, scaling tree stumps, bushes and rocks until he reached the top. 
From up there he could see the rust colored coat of the wolf as it rounded the bend, racing toward him. He waited seconds before its approach before he jumped, falling through the air as wind whipped around him. He hardly noticed the wet drizzle that wet his cheeks as he landed on the wolf. He clutched onto its fur and held on, rolling over the ground. The wolf howled and pawed, scratching its claws over Nate's arms, shredding the sleeves of his shirt. He tightened his grip as the wolf struggled to get away. 
"Megan, stop!" he yelled over her growls. "Calm down, it's me, Nate,” he rasped. “I love you.”
She slowed in her struggles, but didn't cease in them. She was panicking, tossing her head around, growling, and flailing her paws. A mewing sound came out of her as she struggled with him. 
Nate held her tighter and rubbed her rust colored fur that was just a bit darker than her strawberry blond hair he loved so much. He moved his hand gently along her silky coat.
"It's okay," he soothed. "You're safe, we found you. You have to turn back."
The only response was a whine.
He moved slightly so that he was gazing into the wolf's yellow eyes. They were filled with panic and fear. It tore at his heart to see her in this form. He would kill Charlotte for this. 
"You can do it. Just think of your smooth creamy skin. Your beautiful green eyes and those cute freckles along your cheeks. Picture your legs, your fingers and toes. Think human and breathe deeply." Again he stroked her soft coat until she began to still. "Relax, and call to your human side. You can do this." His voice was smooth, calming. She was no longer alone. He was there and he would make everything better.
Slowly, the fur began to recede, paws morphed into hands, bones cracked, and limbs reshaped. The wolf's whines turned into cries, until Megan lay in Nate's arms, naked, covered in dirt, and sobbing uncontrollably.
His heart ached with every sob that escaped her beautiful lips. It felt like a knife piercing his soul at the sound of the one he loved in so much pain. "It's okay baby, it's okay," he soothed gently, stroking her face, her strawberry-blond hair, the smooth skin on her arms. 
"It's not okay," she cried, her voice ragged and cracking. "She took us and put us in a trunk...and then left us in a cabin to die. The wolves attacked and tried to get in, but we stopped them." She sniveled, gasping for breath. "We didn't even know we were werewolves! She never said anything. We just started to change. It hurt so bad. I felt like I was dying—I wanted to die, the pain was unbearable...And Lauren's cries were torture to hear,” she sobbed, shoving her face into Nate’s neck.
"It's okay, Meg. I'm here, and I'll help you."
The sobbing continued, making her body shake. "Lauren...can't change.” More sobs. "She’s...in pain."
"It's okay, Joe’s with her."
Megan lifted her head and gazed into Nate’s vivid blue eyes, her face pleading with him to understand. "No, there’s something wrong. Her body grows hair and then it goes back to human—but it’s painful! It hurts her every time!”
Nate pulled back, gazing into her tortured green eyes. He hadn't known many werewolves, but this didn't seem normal. "Come on; let’s go see how she is." He stood up and pulled her with him. He averted his eyes and tugged his ripped shirt over his head. "Put this on, it’s cold."
Once she pulled the garment over her head, she sniffed the material and frowned, her eyes a mixture of pain and confusion. He understood her expression. Becoming a werewolf and getting used to the extra senses was difficult. He hadn’t taken the change well, but he would help her in any way he could.
He lifted her up into his arms despite her protests. She wasn't wearing shoes, and the terrain was a bit rocky. He couldn't help relish the feel of her in his arms after frantically searching for her, but he hated the extra werewolf scent she carried. He never wanted that for her, and he would punish Charlotte for doing this. No matter what Joseph said, she needed to die.

 



Chapter Nine
Werewolves

As Nate carried me in his strong arms toward the cabin, I wanted to feel safe and finally free. But that was just a dream. This horrible ordeal was over, but another was just beginning. Charlotte wanted to torture the men in her life that had rejected her, and in doing so turned Lauren and me into werewolves. To Charlotte, we were just pawns in her stupid game of revenge. I hated her for what she had done to us.
But at the same time… I can’t deny that I had wondered what it would be like to be a werewolf. After all, I wouldn’t be young forever. And it only made sense to be the same species as Nate. How could we be together forever if I died of old age? Despite my thoughts, I never voiced them because I knew how Nate felt. He hated what he was and would never want it for me, no matter the reason. And now that I had become a werewolf, I hated it too.
When I first became sick this afternoon with a high fever, I wanted to go to sleep and stay asleep until it was over. When my body started to turn, the pain was so excruciating that I begged for death. But instead, I became something different, an animal—a savage beast. With that change, an incredible hunger burned inside me. I wanted to taste blood and rip into anything that came my way. 
I felt rage when I smelled the two men in my hunting territory, and more werewolves meant less prey for me. As soon as Nate took me down and began talking, glimpses of my humanity began to come back. This was the man I loved, and I had wanted to hurt him.
"Meg, are you okay? Are you hurt?" Nate's voice was soft and filled with pain and guilt. He blamed himself for what happened, and while I wanted to comfort him, I couldn't. I wasn’t me anymore, I felt detached from who I had once been.
I leaned my head on his shoulders, taking comfort in his warmth, and his scent that was so much stronger now that my senses were heightened. "I'm fine, just worried about Lauren."
When we emerged through the trees, a stray branch scratched my bare leg, but I hardly noticed it as Nate moved quickly to the cabin. As he moved closer, we could hear growls and moans from Lauren. Nate sped up, running up the steps where he set me down. Since my feet were bare, I could feel the dirt and coldness from the rough porch wood.
Inside the cabin, Lauren was where I had left her. She was lying on the floor with her clothes ripped and torn all around her. A throw blanket covered her intimate parts. I glanced at Joe, thanking him silently, for doing what I couldn’t when I was a wolf. A sheen of sweat covered her now human body. Her hands were balled into fists, and she was writhing in pain.
Joe was leaning over her, gazing at her with his yellow eyes. His fingernails were long and claw-like; he was fighting the call of the moon. “You’ll be okay, love, I promise,” he murmured softly, rubbing her forehead with his deformed hand. He glanced up helplessly up at us, not knowing if what he said was true, but she needed the comforting words.
As we watched, tiny hairs began to grow all over her skin, her bones began to bend and crack and her teeth grew into fangs. Her agonizing howls pierced through the cabin making me cringe. I clung to Nate, feeling helpless. Just as quickly as the change had begun, the hair receded and the bones reshaped. Her cries rang out again, making my heart ache.
"What's wrong with her?" Joe yelled out. "Why can't she change?"
I glanced at the man I loved, hoping he could help. But the hopelessness on his face made my stomach drop.
"I don't know. I’ve never seen this before."
Joe turned to me. "What happened? Where did Charlotte bite you guys?" Joe asked, his voice laced with desperation.
My mind went blank. Nothing in our experience could explain this. "She didn't."
His brows furrowed. "She must have." He stood up to face me, stepping over Lauren, careful not to hurt her. "Think!" he yelled, red-faced, leaning toward me. He was so close I could smell meat on his breath.
I winced, knowing not to take his aggressive behavior personally, but I had no answers for him. 
"I'm telling you the truth; she didn't bite us. We woke up here alone, and then wandered around the island looking for neighbors. When we returned, there were five wolves waiting. They chased us, but we got to the cabin first. They tried to get in, so we pushed the shelf in front of the door. We watched it all night.” I paused glancing from Nate to Joe. They gazed at me, engrossed in my explanation. “The wolves eventually gave up, and we went back to sleep this morning. When we woke up, the shelf was still in place. It was easier to move today than when we put it there last night. But then we started feeling sick." I gulped. "I changed into a wolf when it got dark, and crashed into the door to get out. Lauren didn't.” 
"That doesn't make sense. You wouldn't have changed if you hadn't been bitten," Nate said more to himself then to us. "Check Lauren for marks. Maybe it happened when you were unconscious."
Nate and Joe stepped aside to allow Lauren privacy while I looked for bites on her body. I lifted the blanket and searched her front, and then I lifted her to her side, trying not to cause her any more pain. She panted, and moaned as another wave hit. Hair began to grow again, and I had to wait until it receded listening to her screams so I could look at her back. Tears flooded my eyes as I watched the agony on her face. Finally, she turned back into a human, and I was able to continue my search. 
"There's nothing," I said finally, rubbing her arm softly. "I told you, she didn’t bite us." I turned to face the men and spotted something out of the corner of my eye. "Wait—what's that?" I placed the blanket back over her and pointed to her upper thigh. There was a pinprick that was red and irritated.
"That's not a bite," Joe observed as he leaned forward to inspect the wound. “The hole is too small and there’s only one.”
Lauren howled in pain, making Joe jump to comfort her. Nate joined him, talking lowly to Joe about what to do. Their voices were dull background noise as I remembered what Lauren told me when we woke up in the cabin. "We were drugged," I blurted out loud, voicing my thoughts. Both Nate and Joe spun around to face me. "Lauren told me that after Charlotte knocked me out the second time, she gave me a shot with a syringe to keep me out. I assumed it was a sleeping drug."
Nate stood up. "It must have been her saliva. But that doesn't explain Lauren's condition. And it wouldn't have made you sleep." He paused, deep in thought. "Unless her saliva was mixed with a drug. By adding the drug to the werewolf saliva, she could have weakened its effects, preventing Lauren from changing."
Both Joe and I stared at Nate. "Well, what do we do?" Joe asked, his voice weak with worry.
Nate turned to face Joe with his shoulders set. "Bite her."
Joe's eyes went round with horror. "What? I can't do that. I love her."
"If the drug diluted Charlotte's saliva, then she needs stronger werewolf DNA in her system to stop her from changing back and forth."
Joe looked torn; he obviously didn't want to hurt Lauren. "No." His voice was a whisper as he shook his head.
Lauren cried out as her bones began to reshape, yet again. Nate stepped toward Joe. "I would do it if I didn't think your wolf would attack me. She’s your mate, and she’s in pain. It's the only way to stop what's happening. She’s suffering, and if it goes on much longer, she could die."
"You don't know that. We've never seen this before." Joe’s accent was so thick, I hardly understood him.
"No, I don't, but this constant changing is causing a terrible strain on her body. Nobody could handle that for long. She's already a werewolf; you can't hurt her any more. Do it." His voice came out in a command, making Joe wince.
He nodded and then disappeared outside.
Nate crouched in front of Lauren, placing his hand on her arm. "Lauren," he said softly. Her only response was a cry. "Joseph is going to change into a wolf, and then he's going to bite you. That should stop what is happening, but you will turn fully. You will know Joe by his scent. Go with him and let him show you what to do. We will join you when we can. Okay?" he asked with a warm smile.
She nodded, fear shining in her glassy eyes. Her hair was damp with sweat and plastered to her head.
The clicking of nails on the wood floor had me turn around to see a russet brown wolf. He slunk toward Lauren and Nate. Nate moved a little to let Joe get closer but stayed with Lauren, holding her hand. A week ago, this action would have warmed my heart; today, I was too numb to acknowledge it. Nate pointed to Lauren's thigh where the needle had entered, and Joe leaned forward hesitantly. The wolf whined before he opened his mouth, showing his long pointed teeth. He bent down and quickly pierced her skin and afterwards, licked the puncture wounds. A few moments later, Lauren started to shake. Hair grew along her body, and her bones started to reform. Nate urged her to get on all fours to make the process of change easier. Lauren wailed as the last of her limbs cracked. Then, all too quickly, she was a tan wolf with a similar coloring to Nate’s.
Joe stepped toward her, whining, his nose touching hers, and then his tongue shot out licking her muzzle. With a commanding grunt, he spun around and ran out of the cabin. Lauren glanced at us hesitantly before following.
Despite my overall numbness, I was relieved that Lauren was no longer suffering. 
Nate made his way toward me, his arms shaking, and his eyes yellow. "Megan, I have to turn. I've held off as long as I can. Do you want to change, and I'll show you how to hunt?"
"No." My stance was unmoving, my shoulders stiff and my arms at my side.
He sighed, reaching out to brush a lock of hair from my face. His touch would normally send a tingle through my skin, but again, I was too numb to feel it. "When is the last time you ate?" he asked me.
"When I made you dinner."
"She didn't give you food for a day and a half?" he asked with a mix of shock and anger in his voice. "You know what can happen if you’re starving when you change. You have to eat. I’ll show you how to hunt."
"Who am I going to kill? I'm on an island filled with werewolves. Get me a burger on the mainland when you guys change back. I don't want to be a wolf ever again." I folded my arms in front of me and pouted. I couldn't help it. I had only been a wolf for an hour, and I hadn't even known what was happening. I was having a difficult time processing it all.
Nate frowned but not without compassion. "I know this is a shock to you, but you have to deal with it. I can help you with this, but ignoring your new wild side is not the answer. I tried that and killed people." He stepped toward me, closing the distance between us, and on instinct, I stepped back. 
His face fell, but he continued. "Come; let me show you that it's not all bad. That's the only way to survive this. I won't give up until you let me help you. So you might as well give into me now." The corner of his lips turned up into an almost smile, his vivid blue eyes were determined, and held a spark of playfulness. He held out his hand, and despite my hesitation, I took it.
"Fine," I sighed, letting him lead me out of the cabin. The cool breeze kissed my warm face. His hand was wrapped around mine, making me feel safe, even though I knew I wasn't. My world had changed into the unknown, and I felt lost.
"Are you sure Charlotte is gone?" he asked as we crossed through the door and onto the small, rickety porch.
"As far as I can tell. The wolves gave up trying to get in, in the middle of the night. We haven't seen or heard of them since. Besides, the boat is gone."
He stopped, taking both of his hands in mine. "I cannot express how sorry I am that this happened to you." His words were laced with pain that matched the misery in his eyes. Then he let my hands drop and stepped down from the porch. "Are you ready?" He stood watching me with only his jeans on, baring his muscular chest. Seeing him like that would normally awaken a longing inside me, but with everything that was happening, I didn’t feel a thing.
"As I'll ever be," I mumbled, digging my big toe into the crack between the boards of the front porch.
He smiled as he started to unbutton his jeans. His fingers stilled when he saw my eyes widen. "Do you want go first?" he asked hesitantly.
"No, I'd like you to be waiting for me. Just tell me what to do, and I'll go beside the house."
He nodded. "Just do as I said to change back to human, but in reverse. When I change, I get down on all fours, lean my head down, and think all things wolf. I concentrate on the fur, teeth, and paws. Take deep breaths and relax. The moon will call the wolf out, but you just have to let it. If you fight, it’s more painful." He paused and glanced down at his arms. Fur had started to grow. "Do you understand?" he asked, his voice almost a growl.
I nodded, heading down the steps and making my way around the side of the cabin. The icy grass froze the bottom of my feet, but that was the least of my worries. The last I saw of Nate was him tossing his jeans on the ground. I knew it was silly of me to care if he saw me naked. I had been naked when I changed back from wolf to human. But it was going to take me a while to get used to this.
I heard a soft whine. Nate, who was now a wolf, peeked around the corner of the cabin.
"Just a minute," I yelled over my shoulder with a wave of my hand, wanting him to give me the privacy I needed.
Knowing I had stalled enough, I pulled off Nate's shirt, and the smell of his scent and laundry soap wafted into my senses. I bent down on the ground to prepare for my change as Nate had suggested. I shifted my position when my left palm landed on a thistle. It wasn't necessary for me to do this tonight, since I had already changed, but I could still feel the tingle as the moons glow touched my skin. Taking deep breaths, I tried to calm down. I pictured fur on my arms and legs, my teeth pointed and sharp, long claws that dug into the terrain as I raced through the woods. As the images played in my mind, I began to feel a prickling sensation as fur grew along my body. I gritted my teeth as they began to grow long and pointed, and I cried out in pain as my limbs snapped, starting to reform.
When it was over, I huffed out a breath, getting used to my new body, if that was even possible. I took a moment to rest; the process of changing had taken a lot out of me. Knowing Nate was waiting for me was comforting. I was unbelievably terrified when I had turned earlier all by myself, without knowing what to do. If it was up to me, I would never do this again, but apparently, it wasn’t.
The sound of another whine had me looking towards the cabin. Nate was peeking around it again, his nose and muzzle was all I could see, but his scent drifted into my nostrils. The smell was so strong; it hit me like a ton of bricks. This scent I would recognize anywhere—it belonged with me. He was my mate, and I needed to be near him. My four legs couldn't get me to him fast enough. I rounded the bend and plowed into him. We tumbled onto the wet grass, and when I hovered above him, I licked his muzzle. His yellow eyes gazed into mine with his head tilted in question. He grunted low, as if asking what had happened to make me change my mind. I had been reluctant to become a wolf, and now I was frolicking with him on the ground.
I jumped up to let him do the same, and he nodded his head toward the woods, and began trotting slowly. With the thrill of his scent still buzzing in my senses, I followed, pushing past him, and breaking into a run. I caught the scent of Joe and Lauren and turned northeast towards the center of the small forest. My paws pounded the ground like drum beats with Nate right on my heels. We ran together with the wind rushing through our fur, and the smells of the forest whirling around us. I couldn't help but feel alive, racing through the woods with my mate. A half mile into the run, we caught up to Joe and Lauren. Joe had laid a dead rabbit at Lauren's feet. The human in me hated that drool pooled in my mouth at the smell of blood and fresh, warm meat. When we skidded to a stop, Lauren glanced at me and whined. I rubbed my muzzle against hers in both comfort and understanding. I knew the confusion she was feeling. We still had the minds of teenage girls but now also the urges of an animal. It was very disconcerting, and if I hadn't felt the strong urge to be with Nate, it would be much more of a struggle.
Nate disappeared and came back with a rabbit in his mouth, dropping it on the ground in front of me. Like Lauren, I hesitated. The wildness in me wanted to rip through the small animal and devour it as fast as possible, but deep inside, the girl I once was wanted to vomit at the thought. Nate and Joe glanced at each other and then at us. Lauren and I continued to just stare at the dead animals, fighting the urge to maul it. Nate nodded at the dead furball and huffed out a breath. When I only glared at him blankly, he took off into a small thicket, returning with another one. He glanced at me quickly and then dug into his meal. Watching him was too tempting; it made my mouth water, and without thought, I did the same, relishing in the fresh meat. When Lauren saw me start to eat, she hesitantly sniffed her rabbit and started to eat as well.
I tried to let the wolf take over and not think about what I was doing. I couldn't be Megan Banks, chowing down on a raw, bloody, rabbit. When my thoughts strayed that way, my gag reflex kicked in. Once I finished, I wanted more. Nate was right earlier. I hadn't eaten in over a day, and I was starving.
Nate and Joe tried to teach us to hunt and my instincts caught on, but my human side fought it tooth and nail. I would rather Nate catch it for me than feel the poor animals bones break. After a few more rabbits, we went for a run. It was strangely exhilarating, running as a group. However reluctantly, we became a pack. And if I had to become a wolf, I was glad to be among people I loved. 


 



Chapter Ten
The Pack

"Here, wrap this around you," Nate said, handing me the checkerboard quilt after we had changed back to our human forms. I went inside the bedroom, removed his shirt, and replaced it with the blanket, holding the edges for dear life. I was feeling shy, and I didn’t want him, let alone Joe, to see me in all my glory.
Back out in the living room, I handed his shirt back to him. He slipped it over his head, making a couple strands of his blond hair stick out. I could see his toned arms through the rips in the sleeves. I winced, remembering how that happened. I was so confused and terrified at the time. I was thankful it was only his shirt that I had torn into.
Lauren was also wrapped in a blanket, the striped quilt from the other room. Nate had extra clothes in the car that we could change into once we arrived.
I gulped at the clicking sound of the latch when Nate closed the door to the cabin behind us. That tiny sound symbolized so much. It was the sound of finality—our night of terror was over. I should feel relieved, but instead, I felt detached, like I was outside my body, watching.
Lauren followed the men down to the beach, the bottom of her blanket dragging along the ground, making the material damp and dirty. They were headed to a silver speed boat that was tied to the dock. I trailed behind them in my bare feet, leaving dark imprints in the frosted grass. Each blade I stepped on felt like a needle piercing into the soles of my feet.
We climbed into the vessel with only the moon to give us light. I could see everything, compliments of my new freaky abilities. Lauren and I sat down on the bench together without a word. I noticed Nate and Joseph exchanging worried glances. I couldn't help my silence. Gone was the feeling of jubilance that washed over me when I smelled Nate's scent. Now that I was once again in control, I was wallowing in what I couldn't change. I hated Charlotte for making me like her.
As Nate started the boat, I watched the eerie little cabin get smaller as he pulled away. Its two tiny windows reminded me of eyes watching its prey escape. In the darkness, the trees and vacant cabin appeared isolated and haunted. I couldn't help the lump in my throat at the sight of the island. The events that happened there were still so fresh in my mind, and they would change our lives forever.
The smell of gas and fish was overpowering as we raced across the lake toward freedom. The smells were now so strong that it made my eyes water. My new heightened senses were distressing, and something I wasn't sure I'd get used to.
Nate had been driving for few minutes when the lights of the boat shone off a black speed boat docked along the mainland. I now knew we were in Alexandria Bay. The vessel was tied to a private dock in the backyard of a house. 
"That's the boat that was at the cabin!" I called out, pointing to the vessel. 
Nate glanced at me, narrowed his eyes, and frowned. He looked at all of us and then nodded.
I held onto the edge as he took a sharp turn, towards the private dock. The freezing water splashed my face, feeling like broken glass cutting at my skin. I wiped my cheeks dry with the edge of the blanket as the boat travelled over our own waves, making the ride jarring. Lauren and I held hands as we bounced up and down on our aluminum bench.
Nate slowed down when he came up to the dock, and Joe leaned over to tie us up. "You two stay here. We're just going to see if we can catch their scent," Nate hollered over his shoulder, as he jumped off the boat. They didn't give us any time to argue before rushing up the hill that bordered the lake.
Just as I started worrying that they wouldn't return, leaving Charlotte a chance to take us again, I caught Nate's scent. They were back, looking disappointed.
"They were here a few hours ago, but their scent goes down the road. It looks like they ditched the boat and took off. The house is empty."
Disappointment flooded through me. She was going to get away with everything. Once again, Charlotte would senselessly ruin lives without any consequences. How many people would she terrorize in the name of boredom? She needed to be stopped.
As if Nate could read my mind, he stepped into the boat and pulled me up into a hug. I breathed in his strong scent, and laid my face on his shoulder. My hands gripped the blanket to keep it from falling, and flashing Lauren and Joe. The boat swayed with the movement, and water splashed against the sides with a sucking sound. He buried his face in my hair and whispered, "I will make her pay for this, don't worry." The sound of certainty in his voice comforted me.
Joe heard Nate, and worry lines formed between his eyes. I didn't understand his expression. Wouldn't he want to punish his sister for what she did to his mate? I pulled away from Nate and took my seat next to Lauren. I wasn't ready to ask Joe what he was thinking. I wasn't really ready to talk at all. I needed to get home and rest and try to accept what I had become.
Nate headed back out to the lake. The reflection of the moon made the waves shimmer as the boat sliced through the calm, inky liquid. It was quiet; the only sounds were the motor purring and the occasional splash of water.
As we docked at a small deserted marina, Nate turned the motor off. I didn't know what time it was, but it had to be after midnight. We were wolves for quite a long time. 
Nate dropped the keys in a slot on the door of a tiny steel sided office, and then we headed to his car. He handed Lauren and me clothes from his trunk. We hid behind his vehicle as we traded the stolen quilts for the spare clothes. Lauren was wearing oversized sweatpants and a green sweatshirt. And I was in a t-shirt and jeans that I had to hold to keep from falling down.
When we both climbed into the backseat, the men once again shared a concerned glance. I guess I should have wanted to be near Nate, he was my wolf mate and fiancée. Even though I had been taken from him, I couldn't help feel more connected to Lauren. We had been kidnapped together and experienced the same hell. And now we were going through similar changes. We were numb from everything that had happened in the last few days. I felt comforted with her by my side.
The drive took about three hours. Lauren and I held hands but didn't talk. The only time I spoke was to ask Nate to stop at a late night drive thru so we could each get a burger and fries. I wasn't hungry, but I needed normal food to get the memory of eating a dead, raw rabbit out of my head. The image of chewing on fur and bones kept popping in my mind. Bile kept rising in my throat in response. I needed a drink to wash everything away.
I thought that the sight of our home would cheer me up, but as the cottage came into view, nothing changed. I was still numb and felt incredibly lost. Lauren glanced at me as Nate pulled to a stop, and her lips twitched into a ghost of a smile. Her normally bright hazel eyes were flat and lifeless. I knew she felt the same as I did.
She let go of my hand and opened her door. I followed suit and froze. Charlotte's scent still lingered from yesterday when she took us—yet another reminder of what we had become. I really hated my new extra senses. 
Nate stood with the door of the cottage open, waiting for us to enter. "Are you girls okay?" he asked, with the now permanent worry lines etched between his eyes.
I squared my shoulders and took the two steps up the porch with only one thought in my mind—sleep. We had had an exhausting couple of days, and all I wanted was to close my eyes and forget they ever happened. 
"I'm going to bed," I said with a quick glance at each friend standing inside the living room. Nate and Joe looked unsure of what to do or say, and Lauren appeared as tired as I felt.
She nodded. "Me too. Can I stay here?" she asked her cousin.
Nate smiled sadly. "Of course, Lauren. Take the spare room."
She nodded to him but couldn't manage a smile. She followed me as I headed to the bedrooms.
"Lauren." Joe's voice stopped us both. We turned to face him. He had moved closer, next to the edge of the sofa. His auburn hair was tousled, and his pale blue shirt was stained with dirt. "Can I talk to you for a moment?"
She sighed, shifting her eyes from me to him. "If you’re going to tell me that I’m your mate, I already know." His mouth popped open in shock. "Your sister told me. And no, I'm too tired to talk." With that she turned around and headed into the spare room.
Even though I was feeling numb, I still felt bad for Joe. His face crumpled when she turned away from him. I touched his shoulder. "Give her time; she has a lot to adjust to."
He smiled at me. "Thanks, Meg. I'm glad she has you for support."
I nodded before disappearing into the bedroom, shutting the door behind me. The first thing I did when I was alone was to strip off Nate's extra clothes, throwing them in a pile on the floor. Neatness wasn't a concern of mine. Once I was naked, I headed to the bathroom to take a really hot shower. I was washing more than two days of dirt away. I was actually trying to wipe away the whole experience. Too bad the soap wasn't that strong because when I was done, my skin was burning from scrubbing so hard, and I was still a werewolf.
I brushed my wet hair, yanked on a t-shirt and underwear, and crawled under the covers. I almost sighed with relief; the bed was so soft and familiar. I could see in the darkness of the bedroom, another trait of my new condition. And I could hear Nate and Joe talking in the kitchen with concerned voices. I wanted to reassure Nate that I would be fine, but I couldn't. Because right now, as I lay in our bed, with the pale green duvet that we picked out together laying above me, I didn't feel fine. I wanted to be myself again. I wanted to be human. And I knew that was impossible.
Just as tears started to burn my eyes, the bedroom door creaked open, and a shadow stood in the doorway. Lauren. She was wearing an old t-shirt of Nate's. She didn't say anything, but I knew what she wanted. I lifted the covers, and she rushed forward, slipping into the bed. She curled her body next to mine, her skin was damp. She must have had a shower in the main bathroom. I could feel her shaking and I knew, like me, she was crying.
I fell asleep with a Riley next to me. It just wasn't the one I was used to.


 



Chapter Eleven
Revelation

Hungry, savage wolves haunted my sleep. Despite my exhaustion, I tossed and turned all night. I jerked awake just as a reddish-brown wolf lunged at me. 
A dark, menacing feeling lingered after I woke from the dream. The sun blinded me, making me blink wildly as the bright rays shone through the large patio doors. I had forgotten to close the curtains when I fell into bed last night.
I heard and smelled Lauren, and my hackles rose for a quick second before I registered her as a friend. I turned onto my back and stared up at the ceiling, my hands folded on my stomach. Lauren’s breathing helped soothe the ominous feeling that hovered inside of me.
The sound of dishes tinkling arose from the kitchen along with the smell of bacon and eggs. The guys were cooking for us, which would normally make me happy. I loved how thoughtful Nate was. But this morning, I didn’t care. I wanted to go back to sleep, and stay that way until I could wake up human. I loathed feeling different. Maybe it was because I hated change. Mona always used to tease me about how much change bothered me. When I was younger, I’d avoid the rooms that my mom’s interior decorator rearranged so often. If Mona added just one new ingredient to an old recipe, I refused to eat it. 
I always thought that if it wasn’t broke, then why fix it? Ben would say that all the time especially when Mona would harp at him to change things in their small house on our estate. He hated doing work on it. He said he worked hard enough for other people, and when he got home, he liked to relax. Mona told me he didn’t really mind fixing up the house. He just liked griping more. 
Laruen stirred beside me, yawning and rubbing her eyes. “What time is it?” she asked softly, knowing that her words would be heard by everyone in the cottage.
I glanced at the clock. “Eleven,” I answered, still not wanting to get up. I was being stubborn, and I knew it. Eventually, I’d have to venture out of the room, and I’d also have to start accepting what I was. I just wasn’t ready to do that yet.
“Are you taking this as hard as I am?” Lauren asked, her voice still rough with sleep.
“Yep,” I replied dryly.
“I hate being a werewolf.”
Spotting more cracks in the ceiling then I ever noticed before, I repeated myself, “Yep.”
She turned her head slightly. “Is that all you’re going to say?” she asked, the corners of her lips turning up.
“Yep,” I said again, this time I couldn’t get it out without a small laugh.
She grinned. “At least we’re in this together. Nate didn’t have that. Neither did Joe, and he was with Charlotte, but what help is that? I’m amazed he didn’t turn out like her.”
I shifted my head to face her. Pieces of her sandy hair were sticking to the pillow and some were falling in her face. Her bright eyes were not as dull as they had been last night, but they had lost some of their shine. “I’d say that says a lot about his character.” I smirked at her, remembering the way she treated him last night.
She huffed out a breath, blowing the hair off of her left cheek. “I know. But I’m a little upset that he didn’t tell me I was his mate sooner. I had asked him many times if he was hiding something.” Lauren waved a hand at me absently, as if I was about to interrupt her, even though I hadn’t intended to. “I know it was my dad’s fault, but I wish he hadn’t listened to him.”
The sounds in the kitchen stopped. They must have heard what she said, and her cheeks flushed as she remembered their heightened hearing.
We froze, waiting for a reaction. It wasn’t long before there was one. A soft knock sounded on the bedroom door. Lauren’s head spun to me, her eyes round. We knew it was Joe because his scent drifted through the thin wooden door. 
“Yes?” I called out.
“Can I speak to Lauren alone?” Joe asked, his voice sounded miserable.
She shook her head at me, clearly not ready for that.
I lifted the covers and made my way to the door. I opened it slightly, the hinges creaking softly. The smell of bacon and butter was stronger with the door open. Joe stepped back, an anxious expression on his face. 
“I’m sorry, Joe, but she’s not ready to speak to you alone. Just give her time and let her come to you.” 
His gray eyes washed with sadness as he nodded. “Alright.” His lip lifted at the corner, an attempt at a smile. “Breakfast is ready, if you girls are hungry.” He paused, his face looking thoughtful. “Unless you want it in the bedroom?”
I did, actually. I wished I could hide in here in denial. If we never left the bedroom, and ignored outside life including the full moon, would we still be werewolves? I groaned internally knowing the answer to my own question. Nothing I did or didn’t do would change what I had become.
I could see Nate peeking around Joe, peering at me with concern. “Tempting, but we can’t hide forever. We’ll be right out.” 
Joe’s eyes flooded with relief, and he stepped away from the door so I could close it.
“Why can’t we hide forever?” Lauren asked, sitting up in the bed and leaning back against the headboard. 
I turned away from the door to face her. “Because, we can’t.” I grabbed my blue yoga pants from the chair in the corner and sat on the edge of the bed to put them on. 
Lauren moved to my dresser. “Can I borrow a pair?” she asked, pointing to my pants.
I nodded as I leaned over, pulling the ring box out of the nightstand drawer. Opening the lid, I stared at the ring. Just a few days ago, I couldn’t wait to wear it, but now, I wasn’t sure. My feelings for Nate hadn’t changed—I still loved him. But I was different now. Maybe I couldn’t handle being a werewolf, or maybe I’d become a killer like Charlotte. Until I knew what was in store, I couldn’t put the ring on. It just didn’t feel right.
Lauren gasped behind me. “Wow, that’s beautiful.” 
“I know,” I agreed as I closed the lid on the box, stuffing it back inside the drawer.
“What are you doing? Aren’t you going to wear it?” Her eyes were wide with confusion.
I shook my head and stood up. “Not yet.”
She was about to ask why, but I silenced her with a look. I didn’t want to talk about it, partly because Nate would hear, and partly because I didn’t want to voice my thoughts. 
I barely had the energy to push a brush through my hair before exiting the bedroom with Lauren at my side. For some reason, I felt self-conscious, and I’m pretty sure Lauren felt the same. It was our first morning as werewolves. Would they feel differently toward us, or would we feel differently towards them? Because, even though I hated to think it, this wouldn’t have happened if we weren’t with these men. I winced as the thought crossed my mind. I would never say it out loud, though. I knew that Nate had probably thought the same thing already and was currently beating himself up about it. He was always blaming himself and carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders.
Nate was just placing the food on the table when we approached. And by food, I mean big platters of eggs, bacon, mini breakfast sausages, and hash browns. I thought that I wouldn’t have much of an appetite after our ordeal, but I was wrong. I couldn’t wait to sit down and dive in. Everything looked and smelled so good. Nate glanced up at me and flashed me a guarded smile. He was nervous and didn’t know what to expect from me. And I felt unsure how to act. The air in the tiny cottage suddenly felt warm and uncomfortable.
“Good morning,” Nate said, pulling a chair out for me.
Joe did the same for Lauren. She avoided his eyes as she took the seat. It was obvious they were trying to do everything they could to keep it light and normal. Like everything hadn’t changed over the last few days. I sat down on the chair and let Nate push me forward. He bent down and gave me a soft kiss on the forehead. My body reacted to his hot breath on my skin, but my mind was still numb. He lingered just long enough to inhale my scent, and he smiled, taking the seat next to me.
“Are you girls hungry?” Joe asked, glancing between Lauren and me.
I nodded. “Starving.” I reached for the sausage and bacon. I didn’t care about the eggs; I just wanted meat—warm, bloody meat that I couldn’t wait to sink my teeth into. I shook my head feeling a weird sensation in my eyes. Everyone at the table stilled. Lauren’s fork hung in the air as she gaped at me. Nate looked horrified. 
“What?” I asked, wondering why they looked so shocked.
Lauren pointed at me. “Your eyes are yellow.”
Dismayed, I reached up and rubbed, hoping to make them green again, hating that they changed in the first place. Would I ever have control of these changes? The others at the table went back to their meal, but Nate watched me out of the corner of his eye. Did he think he was being subtle? I knew he was worried about me, but I felt like a freak already. I didn’t need his constant scrutiny.
I began to eat again, this time as purely Megan, and grabbed a few eggs. I had never been this hungry before and knew it was because of my werewolf side. I had watched Nate and Joe enough to know that their appetite was heightened along with everything else.
We ate the rest of the food in awkward silence with everyone keeping their thoughts to themselves. The only sounds were the scraping of silverware and the occasional grunt from Joe as he chewed his food.
Lauren finished her meal and pushed the plate away. She tapped her empty glass with her discarded fork nervously trying to avoid the pointed looks Joe kept giving her. Right when Joe was about to open his mouth to say something to her, she spun her head around to face her cousin. “I’m sorry for taking your bed last night, Nate.”
Nate gave her a small smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “It’s okay, Lauren. I know you two needed to be with each other after what you’ve been through.”
“Did you tell my father what happened?” she asked, a crease working its way between her eyes. I’m sure she was worried of how he’d react.
Nate sighed heavily, setting his fork onto his plate. “No. Just that we found you, and you were staying the night. He wants you to go see them as soon as possible. Your mother is worried sick.”
She gulped visibly. “Should I tell them?”
He shrugged. “That’s up to you. But I know they will love you no matter what.”
Her lips twitched with a failed attempt at a smile. That was happening a lot this morning. I used to think of the cottage as a happy place. But this morning, the small house was dreary and depressing. All thanks to Charlotte. I really hated her.
“I wonder why Megan was able to change when Lauren wasn’t. They were injected with the same needle.” Joe asked, reaching for more bacon and sausage, changing the subject.
Nate turned to his friend. He was holding a water bottle up to his mouth about to take a sip. Now he set it back down and leaned against his chair, looking thoughtful. 
“Maybe not.” He paused. “Maybe the one in Megan’s had less of the drug.” He shrugged. “We’ll never know until we find Charlotte. And I want to start the search soon. First, we help the girls with the transition, and then we go after her. I was thinking we could contact Stephen. You said she keeps in contact with him.”
Joe laid his fork on the table and glared at Nate. “I told you how I feel.”
Nate’s face went hard. “And I told you, I didn’t care.”
I could hear their conversation, but it faded into the background taking second place to my hyperactive thoughts. I was thinking about what Joe had said about my change, and why I didn’t have a problem. I remembered watching Joe bite Lauren and lick the wound, and with that memory, an image from the night Lauren had interrupted us popped in my mind. There had been so many feelings and sensations coming at me so fast I hadn’t noticed that night, but as the image surfaced, it all came pouring back to me. Nate scraping his teeth along my neck, and then I felt a puncture, his teeth sinking into my skin, and the soothing feel of his tongue as it wiped over the wound. I had been so lost in the feelings that Nate had created with his soft touch that I had barely noticed the bite. But from Joe’s question, the memory came to the surface. 
“It was you,” I said, slowly. The realization fell over me like a ton of bricks. He did it; he saved me from Lauren’s torture.
Nate and Joe trailed off and looked at me. Lauren held a piece of bacon to her mouth that she had stolen from the stack, and her eyes shifted in my direction. 
“What was me?” Nate asked as I stared at him.
“I was able to change because of you.”
His brow rose in confusion. “What do you mean?”
“The other night before Lauren came,” I couldn’t help the blush that heated my cheeks. “You bit me.”
His face went white, and then he smiled sadly, shaking his head. “No, Meg, I marked you. And I’m so sorry I did that without asking. The wolf has a mind of its own. But it was just a scratch. Marking is only meant to do just that—to mark the wolf’s territory.” He winced at the word. “I know it sounds bad, and I wouldn’t have done it if I had been fully in control. You can’t become a werewolf unless the skin is punctured, and saliva enters your blood stream.” Despite his words, his face appeared apprehensive. 
I nodded. “You did puncture the skin, I felt it. Your sharp teeth poked through.” I paused suddenly feeling embarrassed, my head staring down at my lap. “I forgot about it because everything felt so good.” I looked up though my lashes and saw Joe and Lauren smirking at me.
But not Nate, there was a look of horror on his face. “No. You must not remember it properly. I just scraped with my human teeth. They can’t puncture your skin.”
“Nate, your eyes were yellow, and your teeth had lengthened. I felt them break through, and then you licked the wound.” I might not have remembered until now, but now that I did, I was certain. 
His eyes widened.
Joe nodded in my direction and then faced his friend. “It makes sense, Nate. Why else did she change so easily when Lauren couldn’t, until I bit her?”
“That’s what made me think of it.” Joe and I were looking at each other. Lauren was frowning at the memory. The pain I went through when I changed into a wolf was nothing compared to the horror she had faced. We all glanced at Nate at the sound of a snarl. 
His face was hard with self-hatred written all over it. “No,” he roared as he pushed himself away from the table forcefully. The table shook, and a loud shriek rang out from the chair as it scraped against the floor. He stared at me in disbelief, and his eyes quickly filled with pain. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered before stalking to the front door. Once he got there, he paused. Abruptly, his fist shot out, slamming into the wall with a loud thud. Pieces of plaster fell on the floor in a clump, leaving a round hole in the wall.
Lauren and I jumped at the noise while Joe just stared at Nate with his eyes full of shock as he watched his friend storm out of the cottage.


 



Chapter Twelve
Betrayed

After Nate slammed the door behind him, the room fell into silence. No one knew what to say. It was Joe who finally spoke. “This is going to be hard for him.”
I was beyond shocked as I watched the door, wondering why Nate was so upset. He helped me. Did he want me to suffer like Lauren had? His reaction was confusing, and I finally turned my attention from the door to focus on Joe. “What do you mean?”
Joe raised a brow, as if asking “isn’t it obvious?” “Because he hates what he is. He never wanted to be a werewolf, and after all these years, he still hasn’t fully accepted it. It wasn’t until he met you that I’ve seen him truly happy. He would never wish this on anyone, let alone the girl he loved. And to have changed you himself…” He trailed off shaking his head. “This might break him. His guilt will eat him up inside.”
His words stunned me, and honestly, I felt sick to my stomach. “Did you just say he changed me?” My mind was whirling with thoughts that I hoped weren’t true. My mind was in denial, it wouldn’t accept it.
Joe sat up in his chair and glanced from me to Lauren, both of us staring at him waiting for an answer. This couldn’t be true. He gulped, running his hand through his hair roughly. “Um…maybe you should talk to Nate. This isn’t my business.”
“Joe, tell her,” Lauren said sternly. Her hand smacked against the table, shaking the dishes. She seemed as affected as I was.
He cleared his throat nervously, glancing between Lauren and me. “The night Lauren interrupted you and Nate, he bit you, just like you said.” I nodded. I already knew this part; he had helped make the transition easier. Joe looked uncomfortable, squirming in his chair while Lauren and I glared at him waiting for him to finish. He cleared his throat. “Charlotte didn’t make you into a werewolf. He did.” I gasped and Lauren swore. “If Charlotte didn’t show up, you would have turned anyway, because of Nate.”
No, No, No. My boyfriend, my fiancé, the man I loved with all my heart, and who I knew loved me, had turned me into a monster? 
A sharp stab of betrayal pierced my soul. “NO!” I rasped, pushing myself away from the table. I grabbed my coat and rushed out of the cottage. Where was I going? I had no idea, I just wanted away from here. I needed distance from everything werewolf. As I stormed onto the porch and down the steps, I heard Lauren call after me. I didn’t hear what she said though. The word “No,” was chanting over and over in my head. This wasn’t happening, my mind wouldn’t accept it.
Lauren watched me from the porch as I tore out of the driveway, my tires spinning in the gravel. I vaguely noticed as I went that Nate was nowhere to be seen, even though his car was still parked in the driveway. I couldn’t worry about his whereabouts. I refused to think about him. HE DID THIS TO ME! The words screamed in my mind as I drove out of the Riley Estate.
Tears drenched my face, and my chest burned from the sobbing as I turned onto Old Trench road. I hadn’t been here since I was a kid, but right now, it was where I needed to be. I slowed to a stop and turned off the ignition, resting my head on the steering wheel. The hard plastic dug into my forehead. The silence around me was welcoming. I just needed to find a way to make my mind go quiet. How could I have not put it together? When I realized Nate bit me, the first thought in my mind was that Nate had rescued me from the pain Lauren had suffered… not this. And when Joe spelled it out for me, I felt betrayed.
I couldn’t stop replaying the night this happened in my mind. What I had considered an innocent scrape of his teeth on my neck had changed my life forever. How could he do this to me? I looked to him for protection, love, and friendship, and even though he didn’t mean for it to happen, didn’t change the fact that it did. 
This might break him—his guilt will eat him up inside, Joe had said. I pushed the memory down. I couldn’t feel sorry for him. I was the victim here, and I needed to feel anger and hurt, without the guilt of his pain tainting that. I had to stay away from him—but for how long? I didn’t know. I just couldn’t face him right now. What could I say? 
It had been easier when I thought Charlotte was the bad guy. Instead, it had been Nate, the love of my life, all along. How could I possibly get over this? The shock and confusion that I had felt last night was coming back, but for so many different reasons. I trusted Nate. What Charlotte did wasn’t surprising, but what Nate did, I couldn’t comprehend. I was stunned…speechless, at a loss with how to act, how to feel. I didn’t know what to say to him. We were happy and engaged merely two days ago, and now everything was different. He was the one who was responsible, and I just couldn’t process that.
Lifting up my head, I gazed out at the scenery. I was parked in front of a rock quarry not far from my family home. When I was a kid, I thought it was a big bowl for a giant. Now, I just enjoyed the peacefulness of the place.
I opened the door and made my way over the rocky terrain, stopping at the edge. I lay down on the hard, flat, cold stone and gazed up at the clear blue sky. Too bad I hadn’t thought to bring a pillow. The rock wasn’t what you’d call comfortable. While my favorite thing to do at night was stargaze, my favorite activity during the day was staring up at the clouds. I loved making shapes out of them and just watching as they streaked slowly though the sky. I hadn’t done much of this lately, since I had started working full time at the Riley House. 
I heard a tapping sound from a distance, and with my heightened vision, I could see a red and blue woodpecker pecking an oak tree about fifty feet from where I lay. Would I ever get used to these extra senses? It was even harder to understand when it was Nate that put me in this position. I focused once more on the sky above me, trying to clear all thoughts from my head. Just for a moment, I wanted to forget that I was a werewolf and was engaged to the werewolf who turned me into this… thing. Just for a moment, I wanted to stop replaying my horrific experience on that island with Lauren as five werewolves tried to eat me for dinner. The memory was so surreal and hard to believe now that I was back in my natural reality. Who was I, Little Red Riding Hood? 
A year ago, my life was so normal. I was the clichéd popular, rich girl hanging out with the rest of the popular crowd. I wanted something different, but not this. 
And I was back to thinking too much. Close your mind and concentrate on the clouds, I told myself. A long thin strip of white floated above me; it looked so much like cotton I could feel the soft texture on my fingers. Behind it was a big clump of what looked like an ice cream cone. I was thinking so hard I could almost taste the sweet cold cream in my mouth and the bitter salty taste of my favorite flavor, maple walnut. My mouth began to water. I was actually happy that my body reacted that way to normal food. After I lost control over the bacon this morning with my eyes turning color, I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to eat regular food. I pictured myself eating raw steaks for the rest of my life. Unfortunately, drool pooled in my mouth at that thought as well. At least I could enjoy ice cream too. I should have known that—Nate ate everything I did. I was just so consumed with hating what I had become that I worried that everything I loved about my previous life would change. I’d have to find a way to combine my new werewolf side with the old me, or I’d go crazy. I just didn’t know how to make it a reality. I knew that Nate would love to teach me everything I needed to know, but I shoved the thought to the back of my mind. I needed distance from him right now. I’d figure it out on my own.
The clouds floated by, leaving only the clear blue sky. While I waited for the white stuff, I listened to the birds chirp. After about a half hour of this, I felt my eyelids droop.
The feeling of being watched made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. I jerked to a sitting position and rubbed my eyes, feeling strange and exposed for falling asleep out in the open. The scent of werewolf entered my nostrils, but disappeared before I could smell the person that belonged to it. I stood up on shaky legs and took a few steps toward the tree line of the forest. It sprawled out before me at the edge of the flat rock. I gazed into the woods, but all I could see were the trees, leaves, and bushes swaying in the wind. The only scents I could smell now all belonged to nature, and a rotten apple about twenty feet away. Whoever was watching me was now gone. I wondered if it was Nate. I had heard my phone go off in my car but chose to ignore it. I needed time to myself, and whoever was calling needed to understand that.
Just in case it was something important, I wandered back to my car and was shocked to see that I had been here for hours. I grabbed my phone and went back to my spot on the cliff, not ready to get back to reality. There were five missed calls, all from Lauren. 
“Hey, Meg, where are you? You looked really upset, should you be driving?” I deleted the voice message and moved to the next one. “Meg, answer the damn phone. I want to know if you’re okay.” I felt a stab of guilt. I really hadn’t meant for her to worry. Again I erased it and played the next. “Hello? Please call me. We can’t find Nate, and now it’s just me and Joe here, and he wants to talk. Call me!”
Her voice was getting agitated in the next one. “Oh my god, why aren’t you answering? My dad showed up, and I told him I was fine, but I wanted to stay with you guys for a few days. I can’t tell him I’m a werewolf yet.”
I paused and took a deep breath before I listened to the next one, wondering why Nate hadn’t called. “Meg. Where are you? Are you with Nate? He’s not back yet, and his car is here. His ripped clothes are at the edge of the trees. I’m getting worried about the both of you.” Well that answered that question; he couldn’t call when he didn’t have opposable thumbs.
I still didn’t want to talk to anyone, so I texted Lauren instead. Just need some space, call you later.
I hit send and then shoved the phone into the waist of my yoga pants. I was still wearing the big t-shirt I wore to bed. I hadn’t had a chance to brush my teeth or put makeup on. I must look fantastic.
Two hours later, my skin was red from the frigid weather, and it was getting dark. I needed to get out of the cold, but I didn’t know where to go. I just knew I wasn’t ready to go back to the cottage.
Without a destination, I climbed into my car and drove aimlessly. I was surprised where I ended up. It was fully dark now, and without looking at my phone, I had no idea what time it was.
With a quick look around, I snuck into the patio door.
My old room was just how I left it, except with a violet duvet covering the bed instead of my baby blue one. Right when I lay down on top of the mattress, I heard my phone buzz. It was a text from Lauren. Nate’s back, but he doesn’t look good. He wants to talk to you. When are you coming home?
How could I tell her my plans when I didn’t know them myself? I lay back on my pillow and sighed, then typed in a message. I don’t know when I’m coming back. But it won’t be tonight. I need time.
I hit send, and waited for her to respond. My phone beeped about five minutes later, but it wasn’t from Lauren, it was Nate. Are you leaving me?
Tears stung my eyes, and my heart squeezed tight at the sight of his question. Could I leave him? Is that what I wanted? He turned me into a werewolf without my knowledge. Mistake or not, it equaled the same outcome.
Before I could come up with an answer, my phone beeped again. Because if you are, I understand. I know you must hate me. I hate myself for what I did to you. There are no words to express how sorry I am.
The tears were flowing now, and my chest burned with my sobs. I turned my face into my pillow so I wouldn’t alert anyone that I was home. I wasn’t ready to see them. I would wait for Mona and Ben to go back to their house and then sneak into the kitchen. I was starving. I knew I wouldn’t run into my parents because they had taken yet another trip, this time to Maui. They’d be gone for a few weeks yet.
Once the sobs subsided, I typed in the only message I could. I have no answers. Just give me time.
My phone was silent for a few minutes; all I could hear was Mona in the kitchen, moving around, and the clanging of dishes. 
Take all the time you need, just don’t forget to eat. Are you somewhere safe?
Was there anyone more understanding than my boyfriend? I basically told him I wasn’t sure about our relationship and instead of getting upset, he worries about me. It was hard to ignore this loving, caring man. I quickly typed my answer. I’m safe, and yes, I’ll eat.
Love you.
My fingers hovered above my phone after his last text. I was confused. Until I figured out how I felt about what he’d done, I couldn’t respond. I needed time to myself, and for the first time in my life, I was thankful for my absent, distant parents.
I leaned back against my headboard and scrolled through my phone, finding six missed texts. That wasn’t bad, considering I’d been gone for two days. Three were from Julia and the rest were from the executor of my inheritance telling me the deal to the house was done. I didn’t need to sign anything; he had authority over my accounts. 
I sighed happily. I had forgotten all about the house and how excited I had been about it. It had only been a few days, but it felt more like years. I texted him back telling him I was sorry for not getting back to him right away and that I was out of town. I thanked him for taking care of it for me. Even though I had so many other things to think about, I couldn’t help imagine the shelter with the addition. It would help so many people.
For the next hour, I sat on my bed and watched movies with the sound on low. And right in the middle of one of my favorites, the front door closed, and the house fell into silence. Mona and Ben were gone.
I rushed to the kitchen feeling famished. I could eat a horse if one was near; the wolf inside me woke up at the thought. I gagged at the reaction.
Thankfully, the fridge was still full of food. Mona kept it stocked even when my parents were away because they were known to come home unexpectedly. And my mother hated when the fridge was bare. I opened a large container and was pleased to find Mona’s beef stew. It had been a while since I’ve tasted it. Well, I hadn’t really eaten her meals in six months. She had Nate and me over a few times as guests, which was strange to visit my own house. As the stew warmed up in the microwave, my mind wandered to the night we were invited over by my parents.
I was nervous, but of course, Nate wasn’t. He was always so calm and under control—until two nights ago. My parents had no reaction to me moving out. All they were concerned about was what Nate did for a living. When they found out he stopped working at the charity and began working for the Rileys, they actually smiled. The Rileys were one of the founding families in our town, and his working for them meant he would be high in the social circles. I wondered how they’d react if they knew he was actually an original member of that Riley family. We still called him Nate Green in public. It was the name he used to distance himself from his family. It was the name he used when he met me.
The evening hadn’t turned out too terrible. My mother only embarrassed me once. And my father, who was usually condescending, was as cordial as he could be, although we haven’t been asked back since.
The microwave beeped, bringing me out of those thoughts. I pulled out the steaming bowl and took a big whiff of the delectable smell. Mmmm. I missed Mona’s cooking. Nate was a very good cook, but I had been eating Mona’s food my whole life. If I was honest with myself, it wasn’t the food, but the woman I missed. I hopped up on the island stool and took a bite. It was so good. The vegetables were cooked to perfection; the beef was flavorful and delicious, and the gravy was mouth-watering. I was surprised at my reaction; I swear my eyes rolled back in my head in ecstasy. It must be the werewolf in me. I didn’t remember reacting quite so dramatically to food before. Sure I liked it, who didn’t? But this was something different. I hoped my eyes were still green. I didn’t feel a change in them, but you never know. It was a good thing I was alone in the house.
I was almost finished my stew when the kitchen door swung open. Ben stood in the doorway, with a golf club raised above his head. Mona stood behind him with her hands clutched at her chin.
I had heard footsteps on the walkway outside, but my heart raced when the door suddenly opened. I held my hand to my chest. When I recovered, I waved at them. “Hey, guys. How are you?”
Mona shoved past Ben and stood in front of me with her hands on her hips. “Don’t you, hey guys, us. What are you doing here? And where is your car?”
I winced, dreading the upcoming conversation. “My car is down the road because I didn’t want anyone to know I was here.”
She studied me, looking me up and down. “Why are you dressed like that? Did you sleep here last night?”
“No. I had a fight with Nate and left this morning before I had a chance to change. I’ve been out ever since, and I don’t want to go back there right now. I need some time to myself.”
“Where have you been with your hair a mess and no makeup on?” She looked suspicious, not believing my explanation.
“At the quarry.”
“Of course you were. Should I tell Nate you go there when you want to be alone?”
“No,” I answered a little too quickly.
“I’ll leave you two to talk,” Ben said quietly as he let himself out the side door.
After Mona watched him leave, she turned to me, her chocolate colored eyes filled with concern. “Spill it. What’s wrong?”
“I already told you, we had a fight. I just need some space.” I stood up and wandered to the dishwasher to put my dishes inside.
She stood in the center of the kitchen, eyeing me as I went. “Are you sure? Do you need to talk?”
I shook my head. “No, I’m fine, really. I’m going to stay here for a few days though, so please don’t attack me with the golf club.”
She smirked, wrapping me in her arms. “I’m sorry that you’re fighting, but I’m so glad to have you back, even if it’s just for a few days.” I breathed in her gardenia scent and squeezed her back. I missed her so much. 
“Ugh! Megan you’re hurting me,” she gasped.
I released her instantly, feeling horrified by my new strength. I couldn’t stand it if I hurt Mona, even accidentally. 
She gasped for air and narrowed her eyes. “What was that?” she asked.
My mind was blank, and no good explanation popped into my mind. “I’ve been working out a lot.”
She stepped back and eyed me suspiciously. “Okay.” She dragged the word out, not buying my explanation. Of course she was right. I had never worked out a day in my life. But how else was I supposed to explain my strength?
I needed to get away from her before she pushed the issue. “Well, I’m tired.” I added a fake yawn. I’m going to go to bed. I’ll see you in the morning.” I left her staring after me.
I crawled into bed with the light out and my TV on mute. A quick glance at my phone showed that I had two calls and three texts, all from Lauren. I didn’t even read them. I wanted to close my eyes and forget my werewolf life, and it was easier to do in my family home. It felt like none of the past six months had happened. And although I still loved Nate, the feeling was refreshing. I turned the TV up and fell into a TV coma.

 



Chapter Thirteen
The Run

She’s been gone for seven days, and it feels like she took my heart with her, Nate thought as he stood back to raise the axe. He loved the feeling when the metal sliced through the wood. The more power in the swing, the smoother the blade went through. It was something he used to do when he was upset. No matter how stressed or upset he was. Physical activity usually helped clear his head. He hadn’t needed to split wood since a year or two after he was turned into a werewolf. But after what he did to Megan, he had started it up again. 
He was so enraged by his careless actions. Letting the wolf take over like that was reprehensible. He was having a hard time living with himself. After he realized what he had done, he was fully prepared to grovel at Megan’s feet. But she was gone, and he let her go without a fight. He didn’t deserve her love. He had made her into a monster, and that was unforgivable. As soon as he finished texting her the day she left, he rushed to the shed to grab a chainsaw and an axe. Not that he needed wood; his family’s house, and his cottage were both heated with oil furnaces, not woodstoves. After seven days, he had four huge piles of split wood and a lot more space in the nearby woodland. 
The axe made a thwacking sound as it slid through the piece of oak like butter. Nate stood up and wiped the sweat from his brow. He glanced to the end of the driveway where Lauren was just pulling in. He sighed heavily, preparing for another argument with her. He set the axe down against a log and lifted his water bottle, taking a long drink. Lauren pulled to a stop and got out of her car. 
He watched her as she headed toward him, thankful that she was adjusting well to her new situation. Against Nate’s wishes, she hadn’t told her family yet about becoming a werewolf, but that was her business. It took a few days, but eventually, she began to except her new life. He started taking her for runs in the woods at night, and she was getting really good at her changes. They came easier the more she let the wolf out. He had learned the hard way that by ignoring the wild animal inside, it only fueled the savage cravings. Letting the fear of the pain stop you from turning regularly actually make the pain more unbearable when the full moon appeared. But changing frequently helped regulate the pain. Lauren finally believed him on the fourth night of changing when the pain had been much more manageable.
Lauren still refused to let Joe go with them on their runs. Joe begged Nate to talk Lauren into changing her mind. But Nate knew Lauren; she wouldn’t back down. She would only let Nate help her with this transition. Nate didn’t think she was rejecting Joe; she just needed to deal with one thing at a time. She had gotten an extended holiday at school, but was planning on going back after the full moon. With his help, he hoped that she’d adjust better than he did when he was first turned all those years ago.
“Hey,” she called as she walked up to him. She gaped at the wood piles behind him. “Have you ever heard of racquetball?” she asked, rolling her eyes.
Nate furrowed his brow. “What do you mean?”
“When normal people are upset, they eat ice-cream or play a sport like racquetball.” She raised her hand in the direction of the wood. “They don’t take it out on poor helpless trees. What did they ever do to you?” A small smile flickered on her lips.
He smirked at her. “Funny. Now what do you want?”
“What do you mean? I’m here for our nightly run.”
Was it that late already? He was so focused on the wood that he didn’t notice the sun dipping in the sky. “Are you going to let Joe come?” Nate asked, his lip turned up into another smirk.
She scowled at him. “Are you going to call Megan?”
His eyes narrowed and turned cold. “That’s different. I ruined her life. All Joe did was respect your father’s wishes.”
She sighed. “How is Meg supposed to forgive you, if you just give up on her? You haven’t even tried to contact her. You didn’t even know where she was staying until I told you four days ago.”
“I don’t deserve her,” he murmured, knowing that his cousin would hear him. He set the water bottle down onto a flat patch of ground and picked up the axe.
She nodded sharply. “You’re right, both of you deserve to be unhappy. She deserves to wallow in her old life pretending she’s not a werewolf. And you deserve to torture yourself, spending days chopping down the entire forest.” She sighed, her eyes sliding to the piles behind him. “We don’t even burn wood! What the hell are you going to do with all of that?” She was raising her voice getting exasperated with the both of them.
He knew she’d been at the Banks mansion a few times to see Megan and always returned annoyed and frustrated. When he had asked her about it, she had answered, “She’s as hard-headed as you are.”
He smiled at her, and the memory, as he leaned the handle of the axe against his hip, holding onto the top. “Are you done?” he chuckled, finding her rant humorous. It was obvious that Lauren cared about what happened to him and Megan, but he couldn’t appease his cousin. He wouldn’t force Megan to forgive him when he couldn’t forgive himself.
“No, there’s one more thing. It’s about Joe, and you can’t tell him.”
Nate nodded, suddenly curious. Despite his friendship with Joe, he would never betray her confidence. “I won’t. You know you can trust me.”
“I’ve already forgiven him.” Nate’s eyes widened and he couldn’t help the smile that returned to his lips. He didn’t have much to smile about lately, so having done so twice in mere minutes was surprising. 
She grinned sheepishly back at him. “But I want to get my life in order, figure out all this wolf stuff before I tell him. My emotions are crazy right now, and I don’t need relationship drama to add to that while I learn to be as good a werewolf as you.”
Now Nate frowned. “You don’t want to be like me. I lost control, and not just when I changed Megan.” He paused, running a hand roughly over his face, hating what he was about to tell her. “Lauren, I never told any of the family, because it’s unforgivable. But when I first turned into a werewolf, I didn’t handle it well. I killed two innocent people.”
Her face was blank as she stared at him, taking in this information. “Is that why you always eat a lot and constantly tell me to?” 
He simply nodded in answer. Her face was strained with concentration as she went silent, gazing down at the saw dust that littered the wet grass. Finally, after minute of anxiety ridden silence, she looked up at him. “That doesn’t change how I see you. I know that you must have been different back then, because you would never do that now. And, you have to stop torturing yourself about Megan. Yes, you turned her, but if you hadn’t, she would have suffered like I did. Believe me, it wasn’t fun. I still have nightmares about it.”
Sympathy for his cousin flashed over Nate’s face. He hated how she became a werewolf, but he was proud of the way she was adjusting. “I’ve been looking for Charlotte, asking around. I even called Stephen, but he hasn’t returned my call.”
“Who’s Stephen? The name sounds familiar. I remember you mentioned his name before all hell broke loose with Megan. ”
Nate winced at the memory that her words had brought out. He cleared his throat, hoping to also clear the thoughts that now hovered in his mind. “He’s the werewolf pack leader for this area. He keeps track of lone wolves and their behavior. Makes sure they don’t cause too much trouble and expose our race.”
“I never knew there was a pack. How come you never told me?”
“Because they don’t want the world to know we exist. I wasn’t going to tell you their secrets. If you knew; you might have been in danger. But now that you’re one of us, it’s okay. Just don’t tell anyone about them.”
She raised her arms in the air. “Who am I going to tell? I haven’t even told my father about me.” She paused and tilted her head, smiling up at him. “Do you think he’ll notice that I look the same when I turn thirty? He might not question it. The Rileys have good genes.”
Nate frowned, but his eyes held a hint of laughter. “I think he’ll notice.”
She sighed and sat down on a log, swishing her foot in a pile of sawdust, dragging her sneaker in a circle. “Yeah, I figured.” She pushed her wheat colored hair out of her eyes. “So I went to see Megan yesterday.”
Nate tried not to show interest as he threw a couple of pieces of wood onto the closest pile. One stayed put as the other fell down the wooden mountain, landing on the grass. “Did you?”
Lauren nodded. “She hasn’t left her parents’ house since she got there, not even to go to the charity. Do you know who’s taking over for her?”
Nate nodded. “Julia told me Megan called and asked for a leave of absence.”
“She did?” Lauren asked, unable to mask the surprise on her face.
“Yes she did, and Julia hired a new person that can stay on or help if Megan ever goes back.”
“What did she tell her?”
He shrugged. “That she was having personal problems. I could tell Julia was curious, but she didn’t push.” 
That was the thing with Julia; she must have noticed that Nate wasn’t quite normal, since they worked so closely for three and a half years. And yet she never questioned his lame excuses for why he couldn’t be there on full moon nights or why he took weeks off when Rowan was after Megan. She simply told him everything was fine at the shelter and then welcomed him back when he returned, without question. He was lucky when he had found her.
Lauren sat down on a nearby tree stump. “That’s good. Megan won’t admit it, but I know she felt bad for not going back. She’s in denial, Nate. She won’t deal with her new werewolf side, and she won’t talk about you. She said she might start hanging out with Mandy again. She’s going to slide right back into her old life like the last six months never happened.” She paused as a gust of wind whipped around her, blowing a woodchip onto her pants. She wiped it off and glanced up at him. “I’m worried about her.”
Nate sighed. He knew Megan was avoiding him, and what she had become, but he thought that she just needed time to process everything that had happened. He never imagined her going back to her old life. She hated her old friends, and her family’s world of socialites and greed. She had once told him she was drowning in that life and he was her savior. He couldn’t let her fall back into that, she wasn’t, and had never been happy there. But what could he do? He ruined her life; she would never listen to him. “There’s nothing I can do, Lauren. I killed any influence I had with her when I betrayed her. But I hope you don’t give up on her. She hated that life.”
Lauren gaped at him. “You’re not going to do anything?”
He shook his head. “I can’t.” He threw the axe to the ground. “Let’s go for that run.”
She stared at him like she wanted to continue with their conversation and make him do something about Megan. And before she could pester him anymore, he turned and headed for the trees where they would make their change.
Nate watched Lauren as she ducked into her preferred spot to change. She had found it the first night he talked her into going for a run. It was in the center of a thicket, giving her the privacy she desired. 
He also preferred to turn in solitude, and he headed into the row of evergreens that hid him from view. Changing into a wolf was a disturbing sight, and he didn’t like an audience. It had happened once, and he had never recovered. Joe was different—he didn’t care who saw him turn. 
Once Nate’s change was complete, he raised his head up in the air and sniffed. Lauren was still in her thicket, and by the sound of it, she was in the midst of her change. She no longer cried out as she had the first few times they had went for a run. 
He trotted out from behind the trees to await her, his paws digging into the frosted ground. It wasn’t completely dark yet, and the sun had just started to fall. With all the tree cover, it would be difficult for a human to see in the woods. But he and Lauren were not human; the darkness would not hinder their run. As he waited, he gave into the wolf, and leaned down to clean his paws.
He heard Lauren approach, had sniffed her before that, but by her soft steps, he could tell she was trying to sneak up on him. And since he wanted her to enjoy this as much as possible, he let her have her fun. When she pounced and knocked him to the ground, he wished he had the voice to laugh.
She growled, showing her fangs as she hovered above him, and then took off into a run down their regular path. He followed her, slowing his normal pace. He let her take the lead for a few minutes and then decided that she had had enough. It was time to show off. Just as he pushed forward, she dove to the right, blocking his path. He huffed and took the other side, his powerful legs taking longer strides. He was too quick and he pushed past her, making a grunting sound that sounded like a laugh. 
They were heading up to the stream that trickled from the lake, when he caught a scent. Another werewolf was near. 
Nate skidded to a stop, raised his head to listen, and then sniffed, hoping to find the intruders whereabouts. Lauren must not have realized he was going to stop because she barreled into his backside. They toppled to the ground, rolling into a patch of thorn bushes, and she whined as a thorn stabbed into her paw. 
Nate growled, thinking that she was playing again. He nodded his head north toward the lake, where they could hear something moving through the brush. With a concerned look at Lauren, he took off to find the other werewolf, knowing it could have something to do with Charlotte. This was one of the werewolves from the island.
They followed the trail to the end of the Riley property, and it disappeared where tire tracks led to Bolder road. They had lost the werewolf. Nate growled and nodded sharply toward the direction of the Riley estate. He was frustrated that he had lost the scent, but he also felt relief. He had thought he would never find Charlotte again. However, now that he had discovered one of her werewolves, he couldn’t help but feel that she was close by. And if he could catch the scent again, maybe it could lead to the woman he was after.
He couldn’t wait to tell Joseph. He knew they’d have another argument, but this meant Charlotte was near, and he intended to find her.

 



Chapter Fourteen
New Friend

“Doorbell’s ringing,” Mona mumbled, pointing in the direction of the front foyer. I was sitting at the kitchen island, working on my third omelet. I had been eating so much over the last seven days that Mona wanted me to get checked for a tapeworm. She didn’t know about all the snacks I had snuck into my room while she wasn’t looking. How could I explain why I was so hungry? And even if I could tell her the true reason, I wouldn’t want to. I hated even thinking about why Nate and I were no longer together. Instead, I planted my butt in front of the TV all day. As far as I was concerned, the last six months never happened.
“So answer it,” I replied through the egg, ham and cheese in my mouth. The only response I got was a scowl. “Fine,” I grumbled, hoisting myself off of the stool.
As I made my way to the door, my cell beeped. I pulled it out of my pocket and glanced at the text. It was Lauren again. She was telling me there was a new development about Charlotte, and I was needed at the cottage. Like all the other messages she had sent, I ignored it.
When I pulled the door open, I blinked at the bright sun shining in the sky. Once my vision cleared, I stared at Mandy, my ex-best friend, wondering why she was standing on my front step. Had I literally went back in time? She looked the same as always, wearing designer clothes, smelling of Gucci perfume, her hair and face expertly coiffed. The only difference was the length of her black hair, which was longer than its usual pixie cut. I thought I had only wished the last few months hadn’t occurred. But what else could possibly explain my ex-best friends, sudden appearance at my door.
“What do you want?” I asked blankly. My tone was neither angry nor enthusiastic.
She blinked, flicking glances past me into my home. “I’ve been driving by your house for the last few days and saw your car. I’ve been trying to get up the courage to talk to you for weeks, but I don’t know where you’ve been. Your parents told mine that you moved out on your own, only they didn’t say where.”
I rested my left hand on the door frame and the other on the edge of the wooden door. It might have looked like I was blocking her entrance, which was fine with me. “What could you possibly have to say to me?” Again, my words were spoken without feeling.
Mandy shifted her feet and swallowed hard. She was nervous, and my non-open arms were not helping. “Um…I was wondering if you wanted to come out for a frozen yogurt. I thought we could go to La crème, our favorite.”
I took in a breath like I was considering her offer. “Nope. See ya.” 
I was closing the door, when I heard Mona call out from behind me, “She’d love to go.” 
I spun around and glared at Mona with wide eyes. 
“Just a minute,” I said to my old friend, leaving her standing on the step with the door still open. I yanked Mona into the main living room, careful not to dig my fingers into her skin, like I had done the other day—accidentally. 
“What are you doing? You hate Mandy,” I hissed.
“Yes I do. But you need to get out of this house before I end up strangling you. I can’t afford the bail money.” She smiled, laughter dancing in her eyes. “I am sick of seeing you lying around here doing nothing but eating and watching TV. You need fresh air, and other people. And good lord, I need a break.”
I narrowed my eyes, actually enjoying the fact that I was annoying her. I’m not sure why, but I had been in an argumentative mood lately. “Fine, I’ll go. But if I turn into a stuck-up snob, it’s your fault.”
She huffed, her eyes going wide. “It’s better than a hibernating sloth that eats too much.”
Damn it, I wish my lips hadn’t twitched. Before I broke out into a full smile, I whirled on my heel. “Just give me a few minutes to change,” I said to a shocked Mandy. I left her with her mouth hanging open. Apparently, she was as surprised as I was that I had agreed.
I told her to meet me there. I wasn’t ready to be in a car alone with her. After our history, I had trust issues.
It took me ten minutes into the visit with Mandy to regret going with her. Honestly, I was surprised it lasted that long. After an exchange of pleasantries, she had dived into a whining session on how all of our old friends had abandoned her. Brandon was away at Harvard, Shane got a scholarship for football in Virginia, and Chris was off to Yale for pre-med. I was almost impressed; I didn’t think he had it in him to help others. But then she told me that his parents were pressuring him to be a doctor, and my opinion of him was restored. 
She played with the end of her growing black hair. It was the longest I’d seen it since we were kids. “And Jenny was sent to a relative in Arizona to go to school. Her father is hoping that living with his side of the family will make her appreciate her life here.” She stuffed a spoonful of her strawberry frozen yogurt into her mouth and swallowed. “I guess his family is poor.”
The door signaling a new customer drew my attention away from the most boring conversation I could ever remember having, and made eye contact with Lauren. I sunk into my seat as she headed toward us. I wasn’t ready for reality yet. I just wanted a few more days of living in denial. She stood in front of us wearing her brown suede jacket and faded blue jeans with a tiny heart drawn on the knee. They were not my clothes, so she must have finally moved home. I could also smell her guava shampoo, another sign she was no longer staying at the cottage. 
Had she left Nate alone? Was he missing me as desperately as I missed him? I swallowed the lump that had suddenly formed in my throat as she approached our table.
“Hey,” she said to me and then flashed a fake smile to Mandy. “What are you doing here?” she asked. 
I wasn’t about to tell her that I was only here because Mona was sick of me. I smiled as if I was actually enjoying myself. “Just catching up with Mandy. She was just telling me about the old gang. We’re thinking of getting together later.” I paused as she tried to hide a frown. “What about you?”
“I was actually on my way to see you at your parents’ house to see if you got my text, and I saw your car here.” I didn’t miss her remark of it being my parents’ house and not my own. She had been telling me constantly for the last week that I belonged at the cottage. I had no idea she was such a nag.
“Sorry, I can’t make it. I’m busy with my friend.” I gestured to Mandy across from me to clarify who I was referring to.
Lauren glared her hazel eyes at me, her hands on her hips. “Are you really going to do this?” We both knew she wasn’t talking about me eating ice cream, but the whole Mandy thing.
I might have made it sound like I wanted my old life back in one of our phone conversations. It couldn’t be further from the truth, but since she wasn’t letting up on trying to convince me to forgive Nate, I got desperate. I actually enjoyed the lie when it obviously irritated her. I had never been so nasty before turning into a werewolf. What was next, murder? I winced at the thought and took a drink of the lemonade I had ordered. I needed to wash that word away. I hated even joking about it.
All I could do was nod before Lauren turned in a huff and rushed out of the store.
“Are we doing something later?” Mandy asked, her voice raised an octave in excitement. I had almost forgotten she was here.
I turned my attention away from Lauren’s car as it spun away from the yogurt shop and glared at Mandy. “God, no.” I stood up, as if I was going to leave. “So, thanks for this. That was good. It was great to see you.”
I could tell by the expression on her face that she knew my fake tone of voice. She had heard it before enough times. She nodded, grabbed her purse off the back of her chair, and shoved her arms in her leather coat. She headed out the glass door; the bell signaled her departure. Feeling lighter after losing the dead weight, I sat down and ordered another peanut-butter, chocolate crunch. I wasn’t ready to go home; it was starting to get claustrophobic inside those very large walls. 
About five minutes later, I stiffened in my seat. The scent of werewolf wafted toward me, and my nostrils flared as I spun around to face a guy about my age. He had short black hair, deep brown eyes, and a scruffy face. His nose was a little crooked and even from ten feet away I could see a couple scars on his forehead at the edge of his hair line. I took in a deep breath when I realized what they looked like—claw marks. Besides the scars, he was okay looking, if you were going for the ruggedly handsome look. But honestly, his appearance did nothing for me. I had a mate, even if we weren’t on speaking terms.
His nostrils flared as well, and his wild gaze fell on me. My hackles rose, and my instinct was to defend my territory. This wolf wasn’t a member of my pack and didn’t belong here. I pushed away those thoughts as he strolled over. 
“Can I sit down?” he asked politely, his harsh eyes a contrast to his tone.
Since my hands were shaking with anger for some unknown reason, I kept them hidden behind the table on my lap. “No one else is sitting there,” I answered dryly, hoping he didn’t hear the slight growl in my voice. 
He sat down and leaned back in the chair, eyeing me with interest. His lip twitched at the corner. “You’re new, aren’t you?”
I narrowed my eyes that I had to concentrate on to keep from turning yellow. “If you mean new to Creekford, then no, I’ve lived here all my life.”
He smirked, resting his elbow on the back of his chair. “No.” He shook his head, his eyes never leaving me. “That’s not what I meant.”
All I did was shrug. There was no way I was going to be the first to bring up the W word. 
“So who’s your mate?” he asked nodding to the right side of my neck. I furrowed my brow, not knowing what he was talking about. “Your mark.”
That was odd because since I turned into a werewolf, the scratch that had been there had healed. “What are you talking about? I have no mark.” Damn, where was a reflective surface when you needed one? Was the scratch back? It wasn’t there this morning.
“You do. It’s healed, but male werewolves will take one look at your neck, smell his scent, and run the other way. I’m fighting it right now.”
Wow, that was sort of cool, in a controlling werewolf kind of way, but I would never admit having those thoughts to anyone. I was still in denial. Werewolves may exist, but I certainly wasn’t one. “Why are you fighting it? Why not run?”
“Because I’m new in town and didn’t expect there to be others like me.”
“Like you how? Eighteen year olds?”
Again he smirked, this time adding an eye roll. “Nineteen actually, but you know what I mean.”
I just grunted in answer. “What do you want?”
“Just to talk. What’s your name?”
I tilted my head, refusing to answer his question. “What’s yours?”
He smiled, showing white teeth and a sparkle in his eyes. “Adrian.”
“Why are you here in Creekford, Adrian?” A shrill scream rang out in the crowded shop, Adrian and I took defensive positions, our bodies tensed, and our fists clenched. We were ready to fight…until we laid eyes on the source of the scream. A baby was reaching a hand out to her mother, she wanted more frozen yogurt. 
I relaxed in my seat, breathing a sigh of relief. I grinned at Adrian as he did the same.
After a few seconds, he answered my question. “I lived in my last town for over five years, and it was time to move on.” He drummed his long fingers against the table top. 
“And where was that?” I asked as I dug my spoon into the cold peanut buttery chocolate in my bowl.
“A small town called Brownridge in Vermont.”
I didn’t recognize the name of the town, but I had been to Vermont a few times skiing with my family. Always for work events, it was the only time they pretended to be parents. 
“Who are you staying with?” I asked him as I played with my spoon, making designs in my frozen yogurt.
He cocked a brow. “I’m renting a room at a boarding house.” He paused when a waitress came to take his order. He chose chocolate chunk. When she left to fetch his yogurt, he turned back to me. “Is the inquisition over?” There was no aggression in his voice, just curiosity. His face was blank as he waited for my answer.
I smiled, even though I tried not to. “Do you know a girl like you named Charlotte?” I couldn’t help feel that it was no coincidence that another werewolf just happened to be in Creekford around the same time Charlotte had taken us. 
Both brows rose now. “Like me? You mean nineteen?” He wore a lopsided grin, which made a laugh sneak out of my month.
I pressed my lips together and waited, not willing to let it go. I needed to know whether or not he knew her. I’m not exactly sure what I would do with this information, but it was good to have. 
“Do you think every nineteen year old knows each other?” he asked, and I nodded. He chuckled. “You are new.”
“And you’re not?”
He shrugged. “Probably not, compared to you. It’s been ten years. I’ve had to move twice.”
My mind went blank. I didn’t want to talk about werewolf stuff, and it was getting harder to pretend we weren’t discussing exactly that. “What do you do here? Do you have a job?”
“I don’t have one yet. But I have money saved. And my parents left me some when they died.”
I was suddenly worried that he had something to with their deaths. After all, many of his kind were killers. “How did they die?” I asked with my eyes narrowed.
He chuckled darkly. “Oh, you think that because of what I am.” He paused glaring at me. “What you are, means I killed them?” His voice was rising. I glanced around to make sure no one was paying attention to us. The only person looking our way was a little girl with big brown eyes and a tiny brown ponytail sticking up on the top of her head. And since she looked about two, I guessed we were in no danger of exposure.
I shrugged, hoping to convey indifference. “All I asked was how they died. Why do you sound defensive?”
He ran his hand through his dark hair and sighed raggedly. “They were murdered because of me. Someone found out what I was and tried to have me killed. They stood in front of me protecting me, fighting them off to give me time to run. I hated leaving them, but they begged.” His voice was rough with emotion, and I found myself feeling sorry for him. 
I swallowed a lump that had formed after imagining how horrible it must have felt leaving them to die. “I’m sorry.”
He blinked, sitting up in his chair and glanced down at his dessert as the waitress set it on the table. He scooped up a big helping and took a bite. When he swallowed, he glanced at me. “Thanks.”
I nodded, at a loss for words.
“So what do you do, on full moon nights?” he whispered. “Is there a large forest where humans won’t be in danger?”
I stilled, wondering why he worried. “Have you ever…” I trailed off, unable to finish asking the question that I’ve been burning to ask since he sat down.
His face hardened. “Once. My creator wanted it. But guilt haunted me afterward. So I never took a life again, and I left him soon after.” He sighed looking up at me. “Have you?”
So much for not speaking about werewolves. “No, it’s only been a week.”
His eyes went wide, and his mouth hung open in shock. “A week? I’m surprised that your mate allows you to go out alone. Or your creator. Unless they are one in the same?”
I couldn’t tell him the truth. Despite everything, I still loved Nate. And sitting here with another guy was making me see how much I missed him. I shook my head. “No, it wasn’t him. I was kidnapped, and it was done then. I’m away from him because we had a disagreement. I know I should be learning how to do this, but I’m trying to hold onto my humanity.” I whispered the last word, hoping no one would hear. “I’ve been hiding out in my childhood bedroom, wishing that I had never met any nineteen year olds.” I glanced up at him through my lashes.
He smiled as I used our evasive term to describe what we were. “Well, you have three weeks to get used to it. Because if you don’t deal with what you are, you could hurt people you care about. Imagine, letting out…” He looked around, an impish grin appeared on his lips.“…Your nineteen year old in your house with people you love. You need to discover what you are so that it doesn’t control you.”
I knew all of this from hearing what Nate had gone through, but it sounded different somehow, coming from someone who didn’t care about me or my loved ones. He was just stating a fact. It had to be done, pure and simple. I looked down at my fingers that were now curled together in my lap, feeling embarrassed for my behavior. My friends just wanted to help me with this transition, and I had been fighting them tooth and nail. I was acting like a child. But even though I knew I was doing it, I just couldn’t seem to help myself. I couldn’t get past what Nate had done.
“Why don’t you show me where there’s a forest. I need a place to go on full moon nights, where there won’t be any people around. And we can go out for your first real run.”
It wouldn’t be my first time—that was with Nate. I was so new and emotional, that I barely remembered it. I found myself looking up at him and smiling. “Okay. And by the way, my name is Megan.”


 



Chapter Fifteen
The Shunned Riley

“Damn it, Nate, you have to do something,” Lauren yelled, storming into the cottage. Joe and Nate had been discussing Charlotte when they heard a car pull up, and then they watched as Lauren barreled inside, slamming the door behind her. The wooden frame rattled in complaint. “Megan has gone to the dark side.”
A slow steady burn began in Nate’s chest, and he knew it was panic. He worried about Megan constantly. She should be here with him so he could protect, help, and love her. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked, standing up, his fists clenched, his body rigid and ready for action. If Megan needed him, nothing could keep him away.
Lauren threw her bag down on the sofa, and her cell phone rolled out and fell between two cushions. She didn’t notice as she glanced quickly at Joe who was staring at her intensely. When her face heated, she turned to Nate. She shook her head, appearing to gather her thoughts. “I found her having yogurt at La Crème with Mandy.”
Nate was waiting for the horrible part to come, but she stopped talking and glared at him. “Is that it?” 
Joe started to laugh until Lauren silenced him with a mere look.
She scowled. “Megan’s been hiding away from her life in her old room, and now I find her with Mandy planning a fun day with the old gang.” Her arms were flying wildly in front of her, further evidence of her frustration.
Nate wondered if Lauren’s reaction was because of her recent transition to becoming a werewolf. He couldn’t decide if she was too wrapped in his problems because she was avoiding her own, or if it was a side effect to the changes in her body. She seemed much more upset over Megan and Nate’s situation than she would have been before. Regardless of the reason, she had a point.
Megan had told him that she was much happier now that her old friends were out of her life. Her sudden change definitely didn’t sound right. But unfortunately, who Megan spent time with wasn’t their top priority at the moment. Finding Charlotte was. With one of her minions in town, they were certain to find her once and for all. He and Joe were working together. For now, their common goal was to find Charlotte, and then they’d decide what to do with her.
“Lauren, I’m sure she’s fine,” Nate finally said.
“Aren’t you going to go see her?”
“Because she was having frozen yogurt with Mandy?” He shook his head. “I’m not interfering in her life. She asked me for space, and I’m going to respect that.” He hadn’t even watched her in his wolf form—that would have been just as wrong.
Lauren sighed, falling into the sofa. She noticed the phone and picked it up, stuffing it back into her bag. “What about the full moon? Shouldn’t she be getting used to her new life?” She asked, playing with the tassels hanging from the zipper of her purse.
Nate sat back down in the arm chair stretching out his jean clad legs in front of him. “Yes, of course she should, but we can’t force her. I betrayed her, and it will take her time to forgive me. I showed her how to change on the island, and I know she’s eating, so everything should be okay.”
“How do you know she’s eating?” Lauren asked, ignoring the longing looks she was getting from Joe.
“I’ve been talking to Mona. Mona said she’s eating so much she’s afraid she has a tapeworm.” Nate couldn’t help the smile on his lips. Despite how crazy his life was right now, that one piece of information made him happy. Megan could ignore him, but she couldn’t ignore the wolf. If she starved it, someone could get hurt, and she wouldn’t be able to live with herself.
Lauren cocked her head at Nate, and Joe ignored him altogether as he stared at his mate. It was obvious to Nate how much Joe wanted Lauren, and he knew how his friend felt. Nate felt like half a being without Megan. “So, you do care?” Lauren crossed her arms over her chest.
Nate’s jaw locked, and his eyes went cold as he stared at his cousin. “You know I do. But what I did to her was unforgivable. She wants space. I’m going to give it to her. But I’m also going to protect her any way I can because I love her.”
Lauren leaned back into the plush sofa and let out a frustrated breath. “If you ask me, both of you are acting like stubborn children.”
Nate’s expression softened. “Well, nobody asked you.” He glanced at Joe who was yet again staring openly at Lauren. “And I wouldn’t talk. You have something you’re avoiding too.” 
Lauren’s eyes widened and her face turned a bright shade of crimson. 
The air felt charged as Lauren glanced at Joe. Nate had the sudden urge to go for a drive. 
“Well, I have some errands to attend to,” Nate said, standing up. “Joe, we can continue our conversation later.” Joseph never once tore his gaze from his mate, ignoring Nate altogether.
He grabbed his leather jacket and slipped out of the door, quietly.
Nate didn’t have a destination in mind when he left the cottage—the only thing he could think of was Megan. Her beautiful green eyes haunted his days and nights. They were there every time he slept, even when he blinked. He was empty without her, but he couldn’t go back on his word. She asked for time, and he wouldn’t back away from his promise. He knew in his heart that she loved him. He just hoped she could forgive him eventually. 
He fought the desire to go to her house. Instead, he found himself at the back woods on the other end of his family’s property where he and Lauren had chased the intruding werewolf the night before. The air was colder now that November had begun. The odd snowflake was falling on the grass and disappearing. The white stuff was coming down so sporadically that he barely noticed it. It was too frigid for a full on snowfall, but it didn’t stop a few flakes from trickling down from the clouds.
Again, he sniffed the area, and the scent stopped at the road. There were no clues in the nearby gravel or grass, so why was he just staring at the space hoping to catch something? He was determined to find Charlotte and make her pay for what she had done. It may not have been her werewolf bite that turned Megan, but she had intended to. She made Lauren suffer along with turning her into something she felt she had to hide from her family
His mind wandered briefly to his cottage and wondered how Joe was faring. He hoped Lauren would tell him that she forgave him. It would ease his mind a little if his best friends were happy. If he couldn’t be, they should be.
He was feeling restless; the overwhelming urge to see his mate was smothering him, and the need to avenge Megan for what had happened to her consumed his thoughts. But how could he do that when Nate was the one that had ruined her life? He’d just have to focus all of his revenge on Charlotte. It wasn’t like she didn’t deserve it. She had kidnapped and terrorized both Megan and Lauren and ruined countless lives in the past. Yes, she deserved to die, and he was the one who intended to make that happen. 
The only way to find her was to search for that werewolf. Even if he had to comb the whole city for his smell, he wouldn’t give up until he caught his prey.
With this new mission giving him focus, he climbed into his car and headed to the city limits where it was most likely to find a trail.
Ten minutes later, he was parking in the restaurant and hotel district. He walked north on Main and then up to Cross Street. Since it was a weekday, the streets were not that busy. People were living their lives indoors, out of the cold weather, either at work or school. Even still, there were a few people walking quickly, heading somewhere bundled in their warm coats. 
The streets were filled with all kinds of smells—food, garbage, perfume. But the scent he was after was not among them. He wasn’t discouraged though; he’d find his prey. After wandering around the area for about an hour, he finally caught what he was searching for. He found the scent right outside of a barbeque restaurant called Sticky Fingers. Luckily, there was a bench about ten feet away where he could wait. He sat with his legs casually spread out in front of him against the wooden bench. To a bystander, he appeared to be a young eighteen year old relaxing on a cold November day. His pale blond hair was longer than he typically wore it, and a faint breeze blew it into his eyes that were focused on the restaurant door. Despite his posture, he was anything but relaxed. He’d wait here all day in order to catch that werewolf.
After ten minutes, Nate got impatient and decided to investigate. As he pushed through the restaurant door, he smelled more than just the juicy, tender meat and spices. He also caught two more werewolf scents—all of them, he recognized from the island. 
“Good afternoon, table for one?” A petite brunette asked with a sincere smile. Her hair was pulled back, and she was wearing a black and white uniform.
“No, thank you. I’m just looking for someone,” Nate mumbled as he scanned the patrons crammed in the tiny restaurant. The tables and booths were filled with families and people in business suits having lunch. The room was loud with laughter, voices, and country music playing overhead. Despite the myriad of smells, he found the scent he was searching for at a booth near the back of the room. 
He made his way through the tables to three young men. Two men had dark brown hair that had similar features—they could be related. The other had short, pale blond hair, the same color as Nate’s. Three sets of faces spun to face him as he approached, all of their nostrils flaring as they caught his werewolf scent. Nate froze when the blond man turned to him, an evil leer appearing on his face. 
It was James. 
“James, what are you doing here? And why are you a werewolf?” Nate whispered.
James smiled as his eyes flashed with fury. “Uncle, so good to see you after all this time. I’m here with some pals.” He gestured to the other two men. His smile widened, showing long pointed teeth, his eyes flashing yellow. If he was trying to scare Nate, he’d have to try harder than that. Nate looked around the dimly lit restaurant and was thankful no one had noticed James’ little trick.
“Why?” Nate said in disbelief. 
“Why, what?” James asked. “Why am I here with Charlotte?” 
Nate nodded. 
“Well, Uncle, that’s because of you. When I was shunned from my family for reacting the way a normal person would to you being a monster, I became penniless and alone. Then I met a lovely red-head that changed my life forever.” His voice was jovial, but Nate could hear the hate underneath it.
Nate clenched his fists and leaned in toward his nephew. “That doesn’t mean you had to stay with her. She is an evil murderer.” Nate was overwhelmed with disappointment. The way James reacted to the secret made him sad, although he understood the reaction. But being a Riley came with a responsibility. The Rileys as a family strived to help others. Nate always upheld that cause despite the bite that had changed his life. But James was obviously ignoring his family heritage.
“Who else would I turn to? My family treated me like I had the plague, all because I couldn’t accept what you were. And now, I’m the same.” He paused, tapping his fingers against the table. “But don’t worry about me. I’ve embraced what I am now. Charlotte has shown me an exciting new world, one you were too much a sap to appreciate.”
Nate realized that his nephew had gone to the dark side. There was no reasoning with him.
“Where’s Charlotte?” Nate growled as he leaned one hand on the wooden table, the other on the leather seat of the booth. His patience was slipping away. The need to kill her now consumed him. She had taken too much from him, and now she was turning his family into werewolves one by one—first James, and then Lauren and Megan. 
James’ bright blue eyes narrowed as he shoved Nate away. Nate was about to return the favor with a punch, when he noticed a little boy with round brown eyes watching the scene. Instead, he halted the altercation by leaning against the booth, appearing casual.
“You’ll see her soon enough.” James paused as the men across from him cleared their throats. “Where are my manners? These are my friends, Caleb and Cody. Brothers, that Charlotte found about five years ago.”
“Hi,” the brothers said in unison, their voice strained with unease.
Nate spared them a quick glance and turned back to his nephew. “How many of you are there?”
James lip curled. “I’m not at liberty to say. But there are more than just us.”
Nate knew he wouldn’t get any more information, but he had to try. “Tell me where she is.” This time his voice rose and drew the attention of a few more customers around them.
“Now, now, we don’t want to cause a scene.” James didn’t take his eyes off his uncle. “I think you should go. Charlotte will contact you when she’s ready.” James was dismissing him. 
Anger flowed through Nate’s body, almost waking the wolf inside him. Through clenched teeth, Nate asked, “What does she want? And what is she planning?’
“Who said she’s planning anything? We’re just here for a visit. Right, guys?” he asked the brothers across from him.
Their eyes were wide as they nodded their dark heads. Nate could see fear in them, and he knew it wasn’t him they were afraid of, it was his nephew.
“See? There’s no evil plan here,” James continued conversationally. “Charlotte just wanted to visit and was disappointed when you weren’t home. By the way, how is your mate doing? I only saw her briefly, but she smelled and looked mouth-watering.” The smile on James’ face vanished when Nate grabbed his button down denim shirt and yanked him forward. Nate hadn’t even registered the move until his nephew smiled, knowing he had rattled his usually controlled uncle.
The werewolves at the table stood up and surrounded Nate. The aggression in the restaurant was palpable. The room fell silent. He could feel all of the eyes penetrating the back of his head. The music sounded much louder now that all conversation had ceased. There were too many witnesses here. He couldn’t beat the information out of James as much as he wanted to.
“If you, Charlotte, or any of her other minions touch her again, I will rip you apart with my teeth.” He growled the words so softly that no one other than the werewolves could hear. He shoved James into the seat, his arm knocking over a ketchup bottle with a clang. Nate glared at all three of them and then stormed out of the restaurant.
Once he made it back to his car, he took out his cell and made a call to Joe. “Hey, I need you. We have some werewolves to follow.” 


 


Chapter Sixteen
The Reluctant Wolf

“Are you ready?” Adrian asked, once he pulled up behind me and climbed out of his car. I had led him to the back of my family’s property, knowing nobody would be around. There were acres of woodland we could run in. But remembering the pain with changing was making me think that maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. “I’m not sure about this. It feels strange turning into a wolf and going for a run without Nate.”
Adrian’s lips curled upwards, making his dark eyes sparkle with laughter. “Nate? That’s your mate?” He chuckled softly. “You know that rhymes don’t you?”
Despite my apprehension of becoming a wild animal again, I laughed and gave him a playful swat on his shoulder. His jacket was made of a black puffy material. I’m not sure why I felt like I could trust him since we’d only just met, but I did. And for some reason, training to become a better werewolf with him sounded more appealing than doing it with Nate right now. I think it was because I felt too close to Nate. Every time I balked at the thought of changing into a werewolf, I thought I was disappointing him. If I screwed up with Adrian, I could care less—the stakes were lower. I didn’t know him. 
“I’m really not looking forward to this,” I said, doubtfully. “I’m not someone who welcomes pain.”
“Who is? But the more you do it, the easier it becomes.” He took off his jacket and opened his car door to toss it inside. Holy cow, he was going to change in front of me. I hadn’t even really seen my boyfriend naked, and I wasn’t about to see a near stranger in his birthday suit. “You should also learn to fight,” he said unaware of my internal dialogue as he yanked off his long sleeve shirt.
Facing the trees, I asked. “Why do I need to learn to fight?”
“I’m not naked yet, you don’t have to look away.”
When I turned back around, all I could see was his bare chest. It did nothing for me besides remind me of the man I was avoiding. My stomach dropped at the thought of Nate. I missed him so much, but my mind just wasn’t ready to see him yet. 
“There are werewolves out there that like to terrorize others, so you should know how to protect yourself,” Adrian said. “I could show you some moves later, or maybe you could ask your boyfriend, if you’d feel more comfortable with him.”
I shook my head; my heart ached as the words formed in my mind. “No. We’re not speaking right now.”
His brows drew together. “Why? That’s odd for werewolf mates. I’d expect it’s difficult to be apart.”
For the wolf inside me, it was like living without a soul. She craved her mate constantly and yearned to be with him. But my human side couldn’t be around him right now. Nate did this to me without asking, how I could forgive that? 
“I’d rather not discuss him right now,” I muttered. The idea of discussing my boyfriend with some random guy just felt wrong, like I was betraying Nate in some way. I tried to refocus on what lay in store. But I was a human girl, not a savage animal. I was having a hard time with the adjustment. 
“Are we doing this or what?” A deep voice sliced though my thoughts.
I blinked at Adrian, so wrapped up in my internal argument that I forgot he was there, standing with no shirt on. And as I stared at him, he was yanking down his jeans. 
“Uh..y-yes.” I took a deep breath to clear my mind, hoping to push away the fear that had begun to grip my insides. My body and mind were hesitant to willingly allow the change to happen. My face felt hot, my stomach began to twist, and I was suddenly breathless. I couldn’t do this. I was a human girl, not an animal. NO! My mind screamed. RUN! Don’t let this happen! I was panicking, but while I realized this, I couldn’t stop myself.
Just as I was about to run to my car and escape, strong arms wrapped around me. “Take deep breaths, and try to calm down. You’ll be okay. You’re not alone.” The voice in my ear was calm and reassuring, even if it wasn’t the one I craved to hear. The combination of his wild werewolf scent with his human smell was somehow comforting. It was of chocolate and mint. It made me think of Christmas and of stealing some of Mona’s homemade chocolates when she wasn’t looking. My new thoughts began to calm me, and I was able to do as instructed— to take deep breaths in and out. Finally, my brain cleared of all panicked thoughts. I was still afraid of what was about to happen, but it was no longer controlling me.
I was suddenly aware that Adrian was still hugging me, and I began to feel uncomfortable. “I’m okay now. You can let go,” I said slowly, my voice only cracking once.
His eyes searched mine as if he wasn’t sure if I was telling the truth or not. He still looked uncertain as he lifted his arms from mine and stepped back. I gazed at him and my eyes widened in alarm that had nothing to do with turning into a werewolf. He was practically naked, wearing nothing but black boxer briefs, and he had been hugging me. Guilt flooded through me, as I thought of Nate. What if he had stopped by and seen a guy wearing only underwear with his arms wrapped around me? My face heated, and I turned away, hating how good Adrian’s body looked to me. Were all werewolves so muscular and defined? The heat in my face deepened as I turned my attention to the tires on my car, staring at the deep treads that were caked with dirt, instead of Adrian’s tanned skin. Finally, I found my voice, hoping to end this awkward situation. 
“Let’s go. I’m not changing out here. I’ll do it in the cover of the trees.” I glanced at the top of his black hair, avoiding what was below. “And away from you.”
He chuckled, “You are still new. You’ll eventually get used to being nude in front of other werewolves.” He laughed as I scowled at him.
“Yeah, don’t hold your breath,” I mumbled, stalking toward the woods ahead of him, knowing he had just tossed his boxers onto the rest of his clothes. My face was so hot with embarrassment you could fry an egg on it.
I rushed into the trees, anxious to be away from the naked stranger. I found a patch of sumac bushes and stepped between them. Taking a deep breath and repeating I can do this in my head, I reluctantly began to peel the clothes from my body. When my jeans, sweater, jacket, and undergarments were folded neatly, I got down on all fours. Nate’s voice was in my mind, making me miss him even more. The images of fur, fangs, pointed ears, and an exhilarating run through the forest flashed through my brain.
A slow, prickly feeling came over my skin as fur started to grow. I cried out when my limbs began to snap and twist. It was over in a few seconds, but I remained immobile, panting wildly trying to recover from the excruciating pain. When the change was complete, I smelled Adrian—his scent was so much stronger in my wolf form. He had finished his change and was waiting about twenty feet to the left. When I emerged from the brush, he huffed at me and took off running. His coat was midnight black, the same color of his hair. His wolf body was large and powerful, and for some reason, I felt safe in this new and scary world.
I followed behind him as he explored his new surroundings, getting used to the new terrain. I’ve grown up next to this forest, and yet it was still unfamiliar. I used to take walks as a child with my grandmother and mother prior to her socialite status. Of course, all we did was search for treasures, like pine cones and leaves. I hadn’t been here since my grandmother died. My mother lost interest in me, and the forest was too scary to walk in alone.
We ran for a long time, jumping over large boulders, thickets, and tree stumps. It seemed that if there was a smooth trail or a difficult one filled with obstacles, Adrian would take the latter. Although it was fun, all the jumping was tiring me out. Eventually, he took pity on me, and we found a small stream where we could quench our growing thirst.
After we drank our fill, Adrian sniffed the air. When he caught the scent of a rabbit, he took off in its direction. Despite my growing hunger from the run, I hadn’t gotten over my aversion of killing animals. I remained by the stream and sat down on my haunches. It wasn’t long before he returned with a rabbit in his mouth and began tearing into it. He glanced up, his yellow eyes boring into me. He shook the rabbit and nodded his head into a thicket where he had caught his prey, obviously telling me to go hunt. I puffed air out of my nose in answer, lying my head down on my front paws, my ears flat on my head. I was not going to kill an animal. It was bad enough that I had eaten a few. The idea of the neck of a poor rabbit breaking under the power of my fangs made my human brain cringe, while the wolf in me became excited at the thought. But since this was only really the second time I had changed, my humanity was still in control.
Adrian whined, clearly confused. He placed what was left of the rabbit down beside me. I tried to fight the urge to rip the meat from the bones by placing my paws over my eyes, my sharp claws poked into my fur. 
Even though I couldn’t see the rabbit, I could still smell it, and it made my mouth water. I felt a wet nose nudge my muzzle, and I lifted my paw. Adrian was standing over me with another rabbit. It was alive, flinging its poor body in Adrian’s jaw hoping to escape. I jumped back as if it had bitten me and took off toward our cars. This time I took the smooth path, no longer in the mood for jumps. As my paws pounded over the ground, the occasional root and thistle dug into my soft pads, but not enough to slow my pace. I was finished with the run, I had changed into a wolf, and that had been the point of this excursion, nothing more. I couldn’t kill the poor rabbit, and even though the wolf in me would like to gnaw on the warm fresh meat. I knew the human in me would regret it afterward. Last time I had eaten a bunny, I couldn’t get the thought of the fur and guts out of my mind and could barely hold in the bile rising in my throat.
Adrian followed behind me reluctantly, judging by his slow tread. He was used to being a wolf and had been one for ten years. I wasn’t sure if I’d ever be.
I was waiting, fully dressed when Adrian emerged. Thankfully, he was wearing his black jeans and navy blue shirt. Since I had finished changing quickly, I had time to put his clothes in the forest where he could change in private. I wasn’t ready to see him almost nude again. I had enough embarrassment for one day. 
“What was that?” he asked with a hint of laughter in his voice. Thankfully, he wasn’t annoyed by my behavior but found it humorous.
I sighed heavily. “I don’t like to kill animals. I haven’t done it yet, and I don’t want to. Nate killed a couple of rabbits for me the last time I turned, but I hated the thought of eating it raw. The wolf in me likes it, but I don’t, and I’m the one who has to live with it once I return to my human form.”
His eyes were wide with shock. “But aren’t you hungry? It takes a lot of energy for the changes, and we had a long run.”
“I’d rather eat a hamburger.”
He shrugged. “Well, let’s get you something to eat, and then we’ll focus on your fighting.” When he started toward his car, I suddenly questioned his motives.
“Why are you helping me?” I liked him a lot, but I couldn’t forget we had just met. 
He stopped and turned to face me. A bird shrieked above us, and he blinked at the sound. “Because, I don’t have any friends here, and no one to run with. Besides, what else am I going to do?”
“Look for a job?” I suggested, jokingly. I had pushed my other werewolf friends away, and I found myself getting attached to this stranger. Deep inside, I knew that I could no longer deny what I had become, and I needed companionship during this transition. And for so many reasons, I couldn’t get it from the people I was closest to. For now anyway, I needed Adrian. 
“Soon. But right now, I want to help you. I hope your friend is learning to fight as well. It’s something that every werewolf should know.”
I started to shrug, feeling relieved with his answer, when I remembered what he said. I narrowed my eyes at him. “How do you know I have a friend that is a werewolf? I never told you that.”
He lifted a brow. “You’re not the first werewolf I scented around here—I just haven’t spoken to the others yet.”
Even though I wasn’t sure if I believed his explanation, what could he possibly get out of helping me learn to fight? And I trusted him. I just didn’t know why. “Okay, come on, we’ll get something to eat at my house. And I can tell you right now it will be better than a raw rabbit covered in fur.” 
He chuckled as he headed to his car.
“Did Mandy turn into a boy?” Mona asked as I led Adrian into the kitchen. “You left with her and returned with a new hottie. What happened to being a hermit?” Mona was wiping down the counters, wearing a flowered apron to protect her bright red blouse and black dress pants. Her hair was in a braid today with strands falling out.
I rolled my eyes. “Adrian, meet our cook. Ignore her—she’s just the help.” I couldn’t say the words without smiling.
“Aren’t you feisty? You were in a bad mood when you left, as you have been for the last week. He must be a good influence on you.” She smiled at Adrian, and then the smile faded. “As long as you’re not replacing Nate, he’s my favorite.” She winked at my new friend, and he smiled in return. Mona had won over yet another guy.
“Don’t worry, we’re just friends,” he said, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans. “I have my eye on another girl.”
“Ooohh. Maybe Megan could help you with that. She needs something to do while she learns to forgive whatever Nate did to her.”
Peeling a clementine I stole from the fruit bowl, I mumbled, “Who said he did anything to me?”
She quirked a brow. “Why else are you home? You hate it here, always have.”
When I just stared at her blankly chewing the fruit in my mouth, she laughed and went to the fridge. “Okay, what do you want to eat?”
“How do you know we’re hungry?”
“Because you’re in the kitchen, and all you’ve been doing lately is eating.” She turned away from the fridge, and faced Adrian. “She has a tapeworm. I’m calling the doctor in the morning.” Adrian laughed, and even though I tried not to, I joined him.
Mona was right. I had been in a bad mood for too long, depressed over something I couldn’t change. For the first time in a week, I almost felt happy, and it was because of Adrian. There was something about him that made me feel comfortable and relaxed. That is, until the image of him practically naked hugging me popped in my mind, and my face turned hot again. I moved to the windows so they wouldn’t notice. 
“Do we have any burgers?” I asked absently as I watched Ben covering the cedar bushes along the path of our back patio with burlap. He did it every year at this time. When I was little, he told me he was putting winter clothes on the trees. I smiled at the memory as I spun to hear Mona’s answer.
“Yeah, I froze some patties a few days ago when you started to eat like you were about to die.”
I scoffed. “You’re really funny. Could you make us each a couple? Or I can, if you want.”
Horror washed over her face. “Oh God no, I’ll do it. I don’t want to clean up that mess.”
“I’m getting better at cooking.” I pouted, popping a slice of clementine into my mouth. The fresh tangy flavor exploded on my tongue. I handed Adrian a few pieces. He took them from my hand with a small smile.
Mona’s face sobered. “You are,” she said unconvincingly. “But I like to cook for you. I know you’ll smarten up soon and go back to Nate, and I’ll lose you again.”
My eyes burned with tears at her words. Despite my love for the cottage and my desire to return to Nate, I really did miss Mona. She was my real mother. She was the one who cared for me, fixed my cuts, and tied my shoelaces. 
“If I do go back, I’ll visit more, okay?” I quickly wiped away a tear.
Mona blinked with watering eyes. “Okay. Now go sit down. I’ll bring you some food.”
After downing two burgers each and freshly cut fries, we helped Mona clean up before heading to Adrian’s car.

 



Chapter Seventeen
The Message

“What took you so long?” Nate asked Joe as he watched him turn off his car and climb out.
Joe shrugged his shoulders. He was wearing cargo pants and a black coat that was open, exposing a gray sweater. His hair was messy, and there were creases in his clothes.
Nate smiled to himself, wondering what had happened after he left. The grin that spread on the werewolf’s face told Nate the answer. “I take it things went well with Lauren?”
Joe’s grin turned smug as he got closer to Nate and stood before him. “It went really well. Thank you for giving us time alone.”
Nate couldn’t help but grin himself. His friend’s happiness was a long time coming. The ache in his heart for Megan didn’t take away the joy he felt for them. “She finally gave in to your Irish charms?”
“Was there ever any doubt?”
Nate chuckled. “Yes, there was.”
Joe winced. “I know, I thought she’d never give in. But, we’ve a date tonight, so let’s get on with it. What’s going on? You didn’t say much in your phone call.”
Nate leaned on his car and pointed to the barbeque restaurant. “I found three of Charlotte’s werewolves in there having lunch. I want to follow them when they leave.”
The lot they were in was far enough away that they wouldn’t be seen, unless someone was specifically looking. And the fountain in the center of the square was hopefully enough to hide their scents.
Joe leaned on the car next to his friend. “How long have they been in there?”
Nate glanced at his watch and sighed. “A half hour. But when I left, they hadn’t gotten their food yet.”
“Did you speak to them?”
Nate nodded, not taking his eyes away from the restaurant door. “Yes, they wouldn’t give up her location. I was tempted to beat it out of them, but there were too many witnesses.” A gust of freezing wind blew a few pieces of garbage in front of them; the debris whipped around in circles. “One of them is my nephew James.”
Joe spun to face Nate. “What?”
“Have you ever heard of James Riley, Will’s cousin?”
Joe shook his head as he glanced at a girl riding past on a bike. The shrill sound of the bell echoed across the square. “No, the name’s not familiar, and I thought I knew most of the family.”
Nate’s face clouded with guilt. “James, Will, and I were close. I think you were out of the country somewhere doing an opening. I was in town for a few months visiting the family. Will and James were just finishing college. We used to go to bars and talk about the different sides of the family business. He was eager to join the company. Unlike Will who wanted to work in the department stores, James was focused on the income properties. He couldn’t wait to start. James’ father was in charge of our holdings and was excited for his son to join him.
“The week before they both graduated, we went to celebrate, and we had a blast. It was rare that I let myself get too close to my family, but I had been away from them for a long time. I told myself I would leave as soon as they graduated.” Nate paused as a group of people exited the restaurant and took a few steps forward. He relaxed when he realized it was just a woman and her two young children. Joe waited patiently for Nate to continue. “After the graduation ceremony, I got a call from Will’s father John, warning me of some trouble. Apparently, Peter, James’s father, told his son about me, and it didn’t go very well. James called me a monster and was contacting all the relatives, trying to get backup to kill me. John wanted me to leave town just in case James found the help he was looking for.”
Joe’s face fell. “That’s awful, Nate! Why didn’t you tell me?”
Nate shrugged. “I’m not sure. I didn’t want you involved in our drama, and for the first time in a long while, I felt like an outsider. My father had always tried hard to make me part of the family, even when I tried to distance myself. When my immediate family members died, they each asked me to look over their children. I promised I would and have tried my hardest ever since. But when James wanted to come after me, it really hurt.” Nate stopped speaking and stared off in the distance. He swallowed a lump in his throat as he remembered that night. He was afraid his own family, that he had vowed to protect might want to kill him. It was a low point in his long life, and one he didn’t like to remember. He cleared his throat and continued. 
“It was a reminder that I wasn’t part of the family, just a dirty little secret. I left that night, and Will told me later that the family turned James away when he wouldn’t give up his quest to kill me. I’ve always felt guilty—that I was the reason he lost everything.” A weight fell on his chest, threatening to smother him as all the memories resurfaced.
Joe’s face was hard. “It was James’ choice to turn on you, and I’m sure he was shown your father’s will. So he had to know what the consequences were. It was his choice, and you did nothing wrong. Stop feeling guilty for everything in the world, Nate. It’s not good for you.” 
Nate couldn’t completely agree with Joe but allowed him to continue. 
“So how did Charlotte get her clutches into him?” Joe asked.
“All he said was that after the family shunned him, he met a pretty red head.” Nate gave a sheepish shrug.
“She really does like to stick it to you, doesn’t she?” Joe ran his hand through his auburn hair. “Do you think she knew you were related?”
Nate smirked at his friend. “We have the same hair and eye color and the same last name.”
“Right, gotcha.” Joe shifted his weight and glanced around. The area was beginning to fill with people. Some were wandering around shopping and others sitting on the edge of the fountain hovering in their coats for warmth. The sporadic snowflakes were bringing out early Christmas shoppers. “They’ve been in there for a while. Is there a back door to the place?”
Nate spun to face Joe, his eyes wide. “Damn it,” he growled. “Go look and call if you catch their scents. All three were at the island.”
Joe nodded, and he rushed away.
Nate watched Joe cross the busy street. He wasn’t the only one watching. Two young women who were sitting on a bench in front of a coffee shop smiled as he passed. Joe didn’t even notice them. He only had eyes for Lauren.
Five minutes later, Nate’s cell rang. The high pitched ring was cut off immediately as he answered the call. “Did you find the scent?” he asked, his voice anxious. 
“Yes, all three exited the building back here. By the strength of the scent, I’d say they left soon after you did.”
Anger sliced through Nate but not for the three werewolves they were hunting, but for himself for not thinking to check for a back door. “I’ll be right there,” he barked, before ending the call and heading for the back of the restaurant.
Joe was waiting against the Dumpster with his hands in his coat pockets when Nate appeared. Sure enough, the scent was there. 
“You ready?” Nate asked Joe.
His friend nodded, pushing himself off of the garbage bin. “Should we run?”
That would definitely be faster, but as Nate glanced around, he noticed a worker up ahead unloading goods off a truck. He turned at a tinkling sound and spotted a woman walking a dog, its tags jingling as it trotted along. “No, too many people.”
They started to walk forward, sniffing the air for the scent. It was there, and it went along the back of a strip mall through a four story parking lot. They climbed the four floors and walked to the back and down another flight of stairs to the main level again. “They’re playing with us,” Joe muttered, as they exited the closed parking garage into the fresh afternoon air. Nate agreed, but there was little they could do about it. If they wanted to find Charlotte, they had to see this through. 
The scent led to the hub of downtown and to a door. “Is he serious?” Joe asked looking up at the sign in front of the building. James had led them to Riley’s Department Store.
A feeling of dread formed in the pit of Nate’s stomach. James had been gone for twenty years and in all that time had never contacted the family. And now he was back as a werewolf with Charlotte. Nothing good would come of this. 
The scent went through the main building, and one of the men veered off into the women’s underwear section. Nate knew it was one of the brothers, but he couldn’t place which one. All he remembered was that both of their names started with a C. Nate and Joe stayed with the main scent knowing that the young men were screwing with them. Finally, it led to the stairwell that went up to the offices. When Nate and Joe entered, a few heads turned from their computers. The stairwell door opened into a small work room, and the men and women in the room smiled at the sight of them. Some of them glanced at them curiously. Nate and Joe simply nodded as they continued on their mission. 
The trail led to Nate’s office. There was a note on his desk. It was from James and it said: Nice try, Uncle. 
Joe groaned as he read the note over Nate’s shoulder. “What do you bet the trail leads to a body of water or a car?”
“No doubt,” Nate agreed, crumpling the paper in his hand. “My nephew is pissing me off.” With a glance around the office to make sure nothing was missing or disturbed, they went back out into the hallway.
The scent led to Will’s office. He was in his chair, wearing a light gray business suit and white shirt. His glasses rested on the bridge of his nose as he leaned forward, reading a report. “Are you alright, Will?” Nate asked his nephew. 
Will jumped, startled by the sudden voice, and appearance of his friends. “Yes, I’m fine,” he replied, his face and voice filled with confusion. 
Joe smiled at Will, his face strained. Nate could imagine things between his nephew and friend would be awkward for a time, now that Joe was dating his daughter. “I’ll go outside and finish looking, but I think we’re done here.”
Nate nodded, agreeing that the trail would lead to nothing. He watched Joe head through the stairwell, and then turned to focus on Will. “James was here.”
Will’s eyes went as round as the large clock on the wall, and he dropped the report in his hand. “James Riley?” 
Nate nodded. 
“He came back? Where has he been?”
Nate moved to the chair in front of the desk and sat down. He slumped into the plush material feeling defeated. “I have something to tell you.” When Will nodded, resting his elbows onto the wooden desk, Nate explained what had happened since he found James at the restaurant.
Will’s eyes were like ice, his jaw as hard as stone. “When will that witch leave us alone?” He pounded the desk with his clenched fist, hitting a pen that rolled away, landing against a stapler. 
Nate lowered his head and stared at his black boots. He focused on the dirt scuffed on the edges and the small crack in the stitching. “I’m sorry, Will.” When would his family be safe from this predator, hell bent on destroying him? 
“Stop blaming yourself. This is her fault. First, she turned you, and now James. It’s a good thing she didn’t do the same to Lauren and Megan when she had the chance.” Nate flinched at his words but didn’t have the heart to set him straight. And it wasn’t his place to tell him about Lauren. 
Will leaned back in his chair. “Still, she needs to be killed before she hurts someone else.”
Nate nodded in total agreement.  
Will sat up abruptly and started to sift through folders, until he found a newspaper. His face was full of shock and fear. 
Nate swore as Will held up the paper, horrified that it was happening again.
Joe stepped into the office. “Yep, the trail ended at a car.” He glanced at both men “What’s going on?”
Nate pointed to the headline sprawled at the top of the front page of the newspaper: Five Hikers Killed By Wild Animals.



 

Chapter Eighteen
The Workout

Adrian took me to a gym in the warehouse district and stopped in a lot that was basically empty. Two lonely cars sat in the back next to a dumpster. The gym was a small steel sided building with a sign on the front that held just one word—GYM, an original name that must have brought in a lot of customers. 
“They’re in between classes right now. They’re usually packed,” Adrian explained as if he had read my mind.
“You come here a lot?” I asked, eyeing the place apprehensively.
He nodded as he turned off the ignition to his Jeep. “Yeah. I like to work out, and I usually find a gym as soon as I move to a new place.” 
We both climbed out, and I followed him to the entrance. The sun was going down and was now dusk. Since the snow had picked up, there were little flecks of white against the dark sky.
The inside of the building was wide open with workout equipment at one end. The other side was empty, except the floor was lined with mats. At first the only smell I noticed was lemons and some kind of wax. But with my werewolf nose, I could also scent sweat, which I guess was expected in a gym. It wasn’t overpowering though, and if I didn’t have the heightened senses, I never would have smelled it.
“Adrian?” We both turned toward a voice coming from the left far wall. A woman about my height was restocking a shelf with what looked like vitamins and supplements. She had brown hair that was braided and pulled up into two buns on the back of her head. She was wearing workout clothes that consisted of a tight black tank top and low riding sweatpants. She stepped away from the shelf toward us. “I didn’t know you were coming in today.”
“I hadn’t planned to, but my friend here wants to learn a few moves, so I thought I’d show her some.” He gestured to me with his thumb. “Lola, this is Megan.” 
I nodded and said hi, while she simply smiled at me. This close up, I noticed how defined her muscles were. I had never seen a woman with such thick arms.
“Tommy and I were just heading out to get some dinner. Will you be okay on your own?”
Adrian nodded as he shifted the duffle bag he brought with him to his other shoulder. “Of course—we’ll be fine.”
She grinned. “Great, and if anyone shows up, tell them to come back in an hour, okay?” She said this over her shoulder as she headed to a door near the entrance. 
“Will do,” Adrian called to her as she banged on the steel door twice. The clanging sound rang out in the otherwise quiet room.
Almost instantly, it opened. A tall, very broad man with a buzz cut came out wearing sweats and black leather fingerless gloves.
“Ready for food?” Lola asked him. “Adrian’s going to work out while we’re gone.” 
The man turned our way; his cool, almost silver eyes assessed us before he gave a nod and disappeared outside with Lola.
Adrian dropped his bag on one of the mats and opened it. He stood up holding black leather boxing gloves. We both shed our coats, throwing them into the open bag. After he helped me put the gloves on, he lifted a heavy bag that was lying on the floor in the corner and hung it on a hook in the center above the mats. 
He stood beside the bag that swung gently from the ceiling. It creaked softly as he stood in front of me. We both had changed into more comfortable clothing before we left my house. I chose yoga pants and a white tank, while he threw on his extra sweats he kept in the trunk of his car. 
“Okay, are you ready?” he asked, a glint appeared in his dark brown eyes. It was obvious that he enjoyed being here. “We’ll start with your stance. Bend your knees, hands up to protect your face, elbows in tight to protect your rib cage.” As he spoke, he demonstrated until he was poised for a fight in front of me. I followed suit until I was standing with my fists up ready to punch. I felt a little silly. “And don’t forget to breathe.” 
Breathe, okay, I can do that.
“How’s this?” I asked, feeling self-conscious.
He nodded his approval with a small smile playing at his lips. “First, we’ll do a jab. Rotate your shoulder and keep your arm straight out.” He did the movements as he spoke, punching the bag. It looked like he hit it pretty hard, but the bag only moved marginally. He stood back while I gave it a try. 
It was fun actually, and I could feel the power in my swing as my fist connected to the leather. I did the move a few more times and with each swing, I could feel my new strength. This, I could get used to. Now I knew why Adrian liked to do this. If Mona could see me now, she’d regret ever laughing at me at the idea of me working out. 
Next, he showed me the cross punch, which I practiced a few times before moving onto the next ones—the hook punch and uppercut. I worked on all of them for the first half of our session, while Adrian paced behind me, occasionally correcting my technique. Finally, we moved onto kicks. But before we began, he got us each a bottle of water from a small mini fridge. After our thirsts were quenched, he showed me some stretches. When he was satisfied that my muscles were loose enough, he demonstrated a front kick, a shin kick, and then a spinning back kick.
I watched in awe at his technique. He was really good at this and obviously enjoyed it. He was definitely in his element while explaining the moves. When he was done, he stepped aside while I tried.
The kicks were harder and used more of my muscles. But I had to admit, they were more fun. When our hour was up and Lola and Tommy returned, I felt like a bad-ass, excited for our next session. Adrian confirmed with the owners that we could use the space at lunch tomorrow. They usually closed at that time, but since they trusted Adrian, he could take advantage of the empty gym.
Adrian wanted to work out every day until he felt I was capable of taking on any werewolf who threatened me. He knew about my kidnapping and told me that he had a few run-ins with werewolves who just wanted to cause trouble. He said he felt better knowing he could protect himself, and I understood what he meant. Since I met Nate, I had always relied on him to save me from the sadistic werewolves in his life. But now, I could take care of myself. I reasoned that I didn’t have to feel guilty about spending time with Adrian because it had a distinct purpose. I hadn’t told Nate about my new friend yet, but knowing how much Nate wanted to protect me, wouldn’t he want someone to teach me to fight? 
When Adrian dropped me off at home, my excitement was wearing off. Now I was just tired and thirsty. I had finished the bottle of water he gave me earlier, but I needed more. I grabbed a couple waters from the fridge, said a quick hello to Mona, then rushed to my room to fall on the bed. I needed a nap. Once I was curled under the warm blankets, instead of drifting off, I thought of calling Nate. I wanted to tell him about my afternoon but decided against it for two reasons. One—I wasn’t ready to hear his voice, and two—I didn’t want to tell him about Adrian. I was afraid he’d think something was going on between us, and the idea of him being jealous made me nervous. No, it was better to keep my friendship secret for now. Besides, I still wasn’t ready to contact him. Every time I thought of doing so, the image of him biting me surfaced. I even felt his teeth sink into my skin. I knew my imagination was way worse than reality. It didn’t hurt when it happened, but the mind was tricky, and maybe my inability to forgive him was behind the false reality.
I woke slowly to the sound of crunching next to me. I could also hear the low drone of the TV. It sounded like some dating reality show I wouldn’t be caught dead watching. Why was the TV on? And why on that show? I breathed in and got my answers. The smell of werewolf and guava was all I needed. Lauren was a reality show junkie, something that I never understood. Without turning to face her, I mumbled, “What are you doing here?” My voice was barely audible, but of course, she heard me.
The crunching stopped, replaced with a crumpling sound. “I came here to visit my best friend. You still are my friend, aren’t you?”
My eyes were closed, and I still felt groggy as I sighed, suddenly feeling like we were in grade school. “Yes, you’re my friend.”
She leaned over me. I could feel her face hovering in front of mine. Her breath smelled of dill pickle, her favorite flavor of chips.
“Why are you napping in the afternoon? Did you age fifty years since I saw you last?”
Unfortunately, the sleepy fog was lifting from my brain, but I refused to open my eyes. “I worked out today, and I was tired.” That felt really odd coming from my lips, I did not exercise. The very idea would normally make me laugh, but since so many werewolves insisted on tormenting me, my opinion was changing. I was actually excited for tomorrow when I could do it again.
I could feel her fingers on my eyes just before she yanked my eyelids open. I jerked back not expecting her hazel eyes to be so close. “You worked out? Did hell freeze over?”
I couldn’t help the small smile that flickered across my lips as I pulled my head back forcing her to let go of my eyelids. “It must have.” Her head was indeed hovering in front of me, her sandy hair falling down like a veil around both of our faces. Her body was still sprawled over my side, and she was starting to get heavy. 
She sniffed hard, her nostrils flaring. “Why do you smell like another werewolf? I saw you with Mandy this morning.”
Oh crap, I really didn’t want to tell her or any of my werewolf friends, but I couldn’t lie. She could smell Adrian’s scent on me. Damn it, I should have had a shower before I lay down. I pushed my arm upward. “Can you get off of me please?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Only if you tell me whose scent that is.”
“Fine, just get off of me. This is getting weird.”
She grinned before disappearing from my view. 
I sat up, and leaned against my headboard next to her. Lauren had her knees up with the bag of chips in her lap. She was wearing a long mauve sweater with black tights. She leaned forward and stuffed another chip into her mouth. The TV screen was filled with half naked girls sitting around a pool, all vying for one guy. I didn’t understand why people watched these shows.
“So who is it?” she asked again, holding out the bag of dill pickle chips. 
I grabbed one and took a bite. As I chewed, I thought of my answer. And the only thing I could come up with was the truth. “It was a guy I met at Le Crème. He came in after Mandy left.”
Her mouth fell open, her brows creased in confusion. “Wait,” she held a hand up in front of her. “I thought you were going to hang out with her all day.”
I sighed, looking away from her, back to the TV where now all the girls were lined up waiting to be picked. “I was only there because Mona told me to go. She’s getting annoyed with me hiding out here.” I paused to sneak a glance at her. She was still gaping at me in shock. “I wanted to leave ten minutes into my visit with Mandy.”
“But why did you act like you were friends with them again?”
“I don’t know.” I turned away from her, staring at my lilac duvet. I picked at the material trying to put into words how I’d been feeling. “Ever since I got back from the island, I’ve been kind of miserable. And for some reason, I like to make others that way. I’ve been having a blast pissing Mona off.”
She stared at me blankly and then stuck another chip in her mouth. “I think the changing process has been screwing with our emotions,” she mumbled while chewing.
I jerked my head up to gaze at her, relieved that there was a reason for my snottiness. “Really?”
She nodded, her face serious. “I’ve been so obsessed with you and Nate. I yelled at the both of you any chance I got, and I was avoiding my own issues.”
“Which are what?” I asked, suddenly feeling guilty for being out of the loop with her. I used to be the one who she came to when she had problems. Although I guess I still was—I just stopped listening.
“Joe.”
“You still haven’t talked to him?” I grabbed a chip, and took a bite.
Her eyes brightened as a smile formed. “I did today, thanks to Nate. He was the one that pointed out that I was obsessed with you guys not dealing with your issues, even though I was avoiding my own.” She sighed, sliding down the head board. “He left us alone in the cottage today, and I finally let Joe talk.”
I reached into the bag and grabbed a handful of chips, needing a distraction. I didn’t want to think of him, how he was kind and generous to others, how he put those he loved before himself, or how his vivid blue eyes sparkled in the sun. I tried to avoid thoughts of running my fingers through his shaggy blond hair. The feel of his muscular arms when they were wrapped around me, making me feel safe. I blinked back the tears that threatened as I bit into a chip, focusing on the strong dill taste that burned my tongue leaving cracks in it. I wiped my eyes roughly and cleared my throat.
“So um…Did you guys settle things?” My voice broke with emotion, and I could tell Lauren noticed. Her eyes held sympathy, but thankfully, she didn’t mention it.
She nodded before answering. “Yes. He told me he loved me, and that he was sorry that he waited so long.” She paused and sighed happily. “I started to object, telling him I had too much to deal with without adding him to that list. I wanted to wait until I felt better about becoming a werewolf, and my emotions evened out. But I didn’t get most of the words out because he yanked me against him, and he devoured my lips with his.” She sighed, a big grin spread across her face.
“So, I guess it was good.” I was happy for her and Joe. Their union was a long time coming.
“You could say that.” She laughed, her eyes bright with joy. “I felt it in my toes. I knew then that I was being stupid. Why put off our happiness because of what Charlotte did to me? If I continued to do that, she would get what she wanted, which was for us to suffer. So I decided to be happy. He’s taking me on a date tonight. I can’t wait.”
“What about your dad?” I asked, irritated with myself that we had been back a week, and I didn’t know this stuff.
“We talked the other day. I told him I was really upset that he was trying to keep us apart. I waited for him to yell at me and forbid me to see him, but he didn’t. He apologized and wished us well.” She took another chip and took a bite. As she chewed, her eyes brightened.
I gaped at her. That didn’t make sense. All three of us had been trying to get Will to change his mind. But he refused, basically telling us to mind our business. “Are you serious? What changed his mind?”
She shrugged. “He said that after I went missing for two days, the fear of losing his daughter made him realize that life was short, and it wasn’t right to keep me from being happy.”
I reached out to rest my hand on her knee, feeling a closeness that I hadn’t felt since we’d been back. “That’s awesome, Lauren.”
She smiled, and then a crease appeared on her forehead. “Hey.” She leaned up and twisted on the bed, slapping me on the shoulder. I pulled my hand back surprised by her move. My shoulder stung a little. She didn’t realize how strong she was now. “You never finished telling me about the other werewolf.”
Apprehension replaced my surprise. “His name is Adrian, and he just moved here. He said he wanted to be friends, since he didn’t know anyone.”
“And that’s all there is? He just left after you told him no?”
I winced, knowing I’d have to tell her the truth. Hiding things was different from outright lying. “I didn’t actually say no.”
Her eyes went wide. “What?” She tossed the chip bag to the end of the bed, and sat in front of me, her legs folded in front of her. “He could be dangerous. He could be working for Charlotte.” Her voice went up an octave.
“I asked him about her, and he denied knowing her.” She opened her mouth to speak, and I held up my finger to stop her. “I trust him, okay. I don’t know why, but I do.” I glared at her pointedly, trying to get her to listen. “When I told him I hadn’t changed since the first full moon, he talked me into going for a run.”
“He got you to change into a wolf willingly?” Lauren looked shocked. 
I nodded. 
“He didn’t hurt you, did he?”
I shook my head. “No, he actually told me I needed to change more often, or I’d put the people I love in danger.” I paused as she watched me carefully. “He even took me to a gym and started to teach me kick boxing to protect myself. He said there are a lot of werewolves out there that like to hurt others, and he wants to train me.”
“Really?” Her face grew thoughtful. “That’s strange for someone you just met.”
“I know, but if he wanted to hurt me, why would he show me how to defend myself?”
She frowned. “I don’t know.”
“Why don’t you come tomorrow? You could use the lessons too.”
She was quiet while she thought it over. “Okay,” she said. “I’d like to meet him and make sure he’s being honest with you.”
I was about to argue and ask why she thought she’d be a better judge of character than I was. I changed my mind when I realized that it didn’t matter why she was coming. I wanted her to learn how to fight so she could feel safe like I did today. 
“Great, be here at eleven,” I said. “We’re going earlier tomorrow. Don’t tell the guys though.”
She paused, her brows creased as she thought this through. “Fine, I won’t. But if I think this guy is dangerous, I’m going to make you tell them. With Charlotte on the loose, we can’t take any chances,” she explained as she stood up.
“Deal. But I’m telling you, I trust him.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow. I gotta go. Joe and Nate should be back by now.”
“Where were they?” I asked, only being polite. I wasn’t curious or worried about him. Really, I wasn’t.
“Nate found the scent of one of the werewolves from the island, and they followed it, hoping to find Charlotte.”
Excited by the idea of not looking over my shoulder worrying about her, I asked, “Did they find her?”
“I don’t know, I haven’t heard. But I’ll call you later if they did. If you don’t hear from me, then you’ll know why.” She handed me the chips and waved before opening my door and closing it behind her.


 



Chapter Nineteen
Confidence

The sound of springs squeaking pulled me from a deep sleep. There was movement on the bed as someone crawled up the mattress to hover above me. As I was about to let out the scream that was poised in my throat, the scent of leather and pine floated towards me. Instead of screaming, I froze. Why was Nate here in my bed? There was a reason why we weren’t together, but I just couldn’t remember it.
When I opened my eyes, all confusion melted. He was here, just a heartbeat away. His bright blue eyes were almost black in the darkness of my room. His tousled hair hung down from his face creating a shadow over his features. I couldn’t see his intense gaze but I could feel it boring into me. 
“I miss you so much, Meg.” His voice was just above a whisper, but I could hear the pain in it. It matched the agony I felt every day I woke up without him. He brushed my cheek with a finger, and my skin burned at his touch. “Don’t push me away; I love you so much.” His voice faded into a whispered plea on the last two words.
My mind was reeling. I loved this guy more than anything, but there must be a reason I didn’t want him with me. How could I think clearly with him so close?
He leaned down even further, his hot breath caressed my face, and the heat from his body seeped into mine. “Tell me you still love me, Megan.”
A buzz of awareness stirred. And as much as my mind screamed not to say the words, I felt them in my heart and soul. “I love you,” I whispered softly, my voice deep with emotion. 
His eyes were smoldering as he gazed into mine. His finger moved over my face slowly, the burn searing a trail along my cheek. His finger stilled when he reached my mouth. I sucked in a breath when he traced the tip of his finger over my top, and then bottom lip. When he lifted his hands to cup my chin, I shivered, knowing what was about to happen. I missed the feel of his lips on mine, the taste of his tongue and the feel of his body. I needed, no yearned, for his kiss. It seemed to take forever for him to lean forward; it felt like an eternity since I had been wrapped in his strong arms. He moved closer, his hot breath branding my lips. 
“We belong together,” he whispered, his mouth brushing against mine.
“Megan, get up!”
A dull ache throbbed in my chest as I jerked awake, feeling Nate’s absence like a missing limb.
“Ugh. Go away,” I grumbled, hoping to fall back to sleep and into Nate’s arms. I wasn’t sure who woke me up, but all I knew was that I wanted the dream back. I could be with Nate without the complications of life. In the dream, I couldn’t remember there was a psycho werewolf waiting for another chance to terrorize us. In the dream, Nate had never bitten me and taken away my humanity. In the dream, it was just us, as we were meant to be. 
“You said to be here at eleven! Now get up.” It was Lauren who had interrupted my time with fantasy Nate. She slapped my leg and shook the bed. “Come on Meg, the guy will be here in an hour.”
Reluctantly, I let go of the idea of returning to my fantasy—my life was waiting. I sat up slowly, feeling groggy, and slightly confused. Lauren was sitting on the edge of the bed dressed in a t-shirt and yoga pants. Her brown suede jacket was slung over her arm. 
“Good morning sunshine,” she said, grinning.
“Why are you so happy this morning?’ I murmured, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes.
“I had a good night.” Elation echoed in her voice. “With Joe.”
All I could manage was a small smile for her. The dream still hovered in my mind, and I felt Nate’s loss. I missed him so much. All I wanted to do was get in my car and run to him, but I couldn’t. How do you forgive the person who took away your future? I was no longer a human, and I would no longer age. Could I even have children? There were so many questions and angry thoughts in my head. I couldn’t be with him until I figured it all out. 
“Where did he take you?” I asked, pushing away the unwanted thoughts. I climbed out of bed and stumbled to the bathroom.
“He took me to dinner and dancing. Then he kissed me when he dropped me off at home. It was a really great night.”
Even from the bathroom, I could hear the happiness in her voice, and it was a welcoming sound. The whole time Nate and I were together, she was pining for Joe. And now that we were apart, Joe and Lauren were finally happy. Was there a rule somewhere that all of us couldn’t be happy at the same time? I emerged from the bathroom, heading for the closet. 
“That’s so great, Lauren.” A thought popped into my mind as I reached for a sweatshirt. “I guess they didn’t find Charlotte?”
“No, they followed the werewolves scent to Riley’s Department Store. It turns out that one of them is related to us. He’s one of the people that didn’t take the secret well. Apparently, he wanted to kill Nate when his father revealed Nate’s secret.” 
I gasped and spun around, the need to protect my mate overwhelmed me. “What?” 
She was sitting on my bed facing me. “That was twenty years ago, and obviously, the family turned him away. Little did they know that Charlotte would find him and turn him into a werewolf. He became what he accused Nate of being—a monster.”
I couldn’t help but wince at the word. “Just like us,” I whispered, looking down at the pale blue hoodie in my hands.
She sat up straight. “Megan, we are not like her. Do you have an urge to kill?” 
When I shook my head, she stood up and stepped toward me. 
“Stop thinking of yourself like that. You are the same as you were before you were turned. A bite doesn’t change that. You are a good person. You wouldn’t be my friend otherwise.”
I smiled, feeling thankful for letting her back into my life.
“I think it’s time for you to talk to Nate. Since I’m so happy with Joe, I want us all to move past this.”
I shook my head turning away from her. “It’s easy for you to say that. Charlotte turned you and Nate. You both hate her for doing it.” I faced her again, my hands trembling at my side. My eyes burned with the threat of tears. “But I can’t hate the person who turned me, can I?”
Her face fell, her eyes turning sad.
“Even if my human side wanted to, the wolf he made me into wouldn’t let me,” I sighed. 
Lauren’s face was full of sympathy as she nodded. 
“When I thought Charlotte did this to me, it helped to be angry with her, to have a person to blame for what I had become. I wanted her dead for it.” I laughed softly, the sound lacking humor, as I stepped toward my dresser. I rubbed the crack on the cherry wood, my back toward my friend. I lowered my voice as I continued to explain what was keeping me from forgiveness. I had not planned to voice these thoughts, however, now that I was, I felt a weight lift from my weary heart. “But then suddenly, it turns out that it wasn’t the evil witch after all. The man I love who I was planning to marry did this to me. So, now what do I do with that hatred? Am I not supposed to be angry about it, now that it wasn’t her?” I spun around and stared at her. “I can’t hate the person who did this,” I repeated brokenly. An ache sliced through my core, and tears began to fall down my cheeks. Before I could push them away, I was wrapped in Lauren’s arms. The smell of her familiar scented shampoo was as much comfort as her arms.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered into my hair. “I never thought of it like that.” She pulled away to gaze into my eyes, her hands resting on my shoulders. “You take all the time you need, okay? I won’t pressure you anymore to forgive him. I’m not sure what I’d do in your situation. But as much as you’re confused about what he did, he’s in worse shape. He knows that you should hate him—he hates himself.”
A sharp breath escaped my lips. “That doesn’t help, it just makes it worse. I shouldn’t feel guilty for my feelings.”
“Then don’t. Feel what you have to. Yell at him, punch him, do whatever is necessary, he’ll understand.” She paused, squeezing my shoulder. “And so will I.”
When I nodded, she continued the hug. I didn’t realize how much I needed someone I trusted to give me comfort. Before I knew what was happening, I was crying again. And being an awesome best friend, Lauren held me until my sobs subsided.
By the time Adrian arrived to pick us up, all the evidence of my crying jag was gone. I had showered, yanked my hair up into a ponytail, and dressed in my gym clothes. The sun was hidden under thick dark clouds. There was no rain, but the air was freezing. Since I had turned, it wasn’t easy to make me cold. But today, as we had waited for Adrian, I hugged my coat close to my body as a frigid wind whipped around us. Strands of hair came loose and danced in my face.
“Hey, who’s your friend?” Adrian asked, when he pulled into the driveway.
I climbed in the front seat of his Jeep while Lauren got in the back. “This is Lauren. She was turned into a werewolf at the same time I was,” I lied. “I want her to learn to protect herself too.”
He turned to Lauren with a small smile. “I heard about your kidnapping. I’m sorry that happened to you.”
Lauren nodded, her face blank, not yet willing to trust my new friend.
His brow rose as he turned back to the front. “Okay,” he said, putting the Jeep into gear. “Are you ready?”
I nodded, giving Lauren a pointed look that was supposed to say, “Give him a chance.”
She shrugged her shoulders in a “What did I do?’ gesture.
The drive to the gym was quiet and just a little awkward. The inside of his Jeep was clean except for two candy bar wrappers in the cup holder and his duffle bag in the seat next to Lauren. The pine air freshener hanging from the mirror was a little strong for my taste. It could be my extra senses working overtime. It didn’t seem to bother Adrian.
It wasn’t until we were halfway there that anyone spoke. Unfortunately, it was Lauren. “So Adrian,” she said breaking the silence. Her hand was resting on his seat as she leaned forward into the front. Adrian peered at her through the rear-view mirror. “Did you know that the girl who kidnapped us had four other werewolves with her?”
His face held no reaction as he nodded his head. “Yes, Megan told me.”
“Isn’t it odd that you are in town at the same time as Charlotte?”
He shrugged. “I didn’t know she was still here, Megan didn’t mention it.”
I shifted in my seat so I could glare at Lauren and then focused on Adrian. “I just found out yesterday after you dropped me off. Nate caught the scent of one of the guys with her on the island, so they assume she’s here as well.”
He tilted his head and glanced at me through the corner of his eyes as he stopped at a red light. “Did this werewolf lead him to the girl?”
Lauren answered before I could. “No, but he talked to him, along with two of his friends. They confirmed that she’s here.”
He pulled back out into traffic following a bright yellow station wagon, his face still neutral. “That’s good, I hope they find her. She should pay for her actions.”
I was hoping that the inquisition was over, but no such luck. Lauren was suddenly like a dog with a bone. 
“Nate found the three werewolves at a restaurant around lunch time yesterday. I wonder where the fourth one was.” It was obvious what she was implying. Lauren believed that Adrian was the fourth.
“I wouldn’t know, I was with Megan, and I haven’t met any others.”
Lauren folded her arms in front of her and narrowed her eyes at him. “Hmm,” was all she said as she sat back into the leather seat.
I had never been so happy to end a car ride in my whole life. I almost cheered when he turned onto Bay Road, the street where the gym was located. Tommy and Lola were just coming out of the building as we arrived. Once again she asked Adrian to let anyone who might stop by to come back in an hour. And as the day before Tommy remained silent, so far I had seen him twice and had yet to hear his voice.
The heavy bag was already in place, and after we peeled our coats off, Adrian pulled two sets of boxing gloves out of his bag and helped us put them on. 
“Lauren, have you ever done any kickboxing or any other fighting moves before?” he asked.
She stood next to me, eyeing the bag with trepidation. “No, I’ve never had any reason. I’ve always felt protected by my family.” Her voice was cold, her eyes matching the temperature of her tone. 
“Lauren,” I said in warning. I had no idea she’d be so rude to my new friend. I knew she was a little unsure of his motives, considering I had just met him, but this was not like her. Lauren was one of the kindest people I knew. The problem was, she wasn’t the same the girl I had been friends with for the last six months. As she told me yesterday, the bite had brought on other changes besides turning her into a hairy animal. It was wreaking havoc on our emotions.
She held up her hand to stop me from saying anything else. “But, now that I’m a werewolf, I would feel more confident if I could defend myself against others.”
I smiled and bumped her with my hip. I knew my friend was in there.
Adrian clapped his hands together. “Okay. I’ll go through the moves again for you to see and to remind Megan. First, I’ll go get another bag for you to practice with.” He headed to the back corner and disappeared into a small room.
“So, what do you think?” I whispered, so Adrian wouldn’t hear.
She moved closer, leaning into my ear, her scent was stronger than ever. “I’m not sure we can trust him yet, but you’re right. If he was with Charlotte, why would he teach us to fight?” Her voice was as low as mine.
I lowered my voice even more since she was so close. “Exactly, and once you get to know him, you’ll like him as much as I do.”
She opened her mouth to say something, but when Adrian emerged carrying a blue leather heavy bag over one shoulder, she closed her mouth and pressed her lips together. She took a few steps away from me.
We watched as he hung the bag, noticing the muscles on his arms flex. He was wearing white sleeveless shirt like weightlifters wear. Once the bag was in place, he turned to face us, his dark eyes flashing with excitement. Yes, he was definitely in his element here. 
“Megan, can you show Lauren the stance?”
Lauren’s brows rose as I turned to her, taking the position I had learned yesterday. As I did this, Adrian explained what I was doing. 
“Bend your knees, hands up to protect your face, elbows in tight to protect your rib cage,” he said. “Very good, Megan.”
I grinned at him, proud of myself for remembering.
Adrian and I gazed at Lauren. “Your turn,” I said feeling a gurgle of excitement of my own erupt from my belly.
She sighed and assumed the position. 
“Good,” Adrian commented, sounding like a teacher. “Ready to give the punches a try?”
Lauren snuck a peek at me and then gave us a sharp nod.
We each stood in front of a bag, and when she remained motionless, looking uncertain, I shot my arm out in a jab, rotating my shoulder. The feeling of strength that made me feel powerful yesterday returned. I did the move a few more times and then stopped when I realized Lauren had yet to hit the bag. She was starting at me, her face expressionless. 
“You’re really good at that.” Her voice was filled with admiration and surprise.
I beamed, feeling myself puff up with pride. “It’s fun, give it a try.”
“Okay, here goes,” she said hesitantly. She went into her stance and then swung her arm out; rotating her shoulder the way I had, with a low thud. When the bag bounced back, she grinned. “You’re right, that is fun.”
We both went through all the punches with Adrian occasionally correcting us—me only once, Lauren a few times. The room was quiet, except for the thumps from our punches on the bags, and a few squeals from Lauren who was enjoying herself as much as I knew she would.
When we moved onto the kicks, she smiled over at me and winked. It was all the thanks I needed.
When our hour was up, Adrian had to remind us we could return tomorrow in order to get us to leave. There was a class starting soon, so we reluctantly took off our gloves and put on our coats.
Outside, the clouds were even darker. The sky had opened up with raindrops the size of quarters.
In the car, Lauren surprised me. “Thank you, Adrian. That was fun,” she said, beaming.
His lips twitched as he gazed at her through the rear-view mirror. “You’re welcome. I’m glad you liked it.” He tuned on the jeep, and started out of the lot. Once he was heading to the end of Bay Road, he turned to me. “So where to? Your house, or do you want to go get some lunch?”
Lauren smiled and shrugged her shoulders when I glanced her way. “Lunch sounds good,” I replied. I left it up to him to choose the place, and we offered to pay. It was the least we could do for him helping us.

 



Chapter Twenty
The Nephews

Nate was supposed to be working from home. All the time he had taken off had left piles of work that needed his attention. He thought someone was taking care of his job in his absence, but by the number of files Will had dropped off this morning, he was wrong. It was difficult to concentrate on profits and expansion when every time he blinked, the image of Megan below him flashed in his mind. 
He had dreamed that he had snuck into her room and crawled into bed with her. It was the same dream that had haunted him ever since she’d left. Her fiery hair had been splayed out over the pillow as her hooded green eyes gazed into his. Her skin had been silky soft as he trailed his finger over her cheek. It had been so real. He had felt her warmth as he slid under the blanket with her. It was where he was supposed to be.
He woke up every morning with an emptiness that consumed him. He had lived alone for over a hundred years and had never really felt lonely until now. When Megan was in the cottage, her presence echoed in every room. And even though her possessions remained, it was just a constant reminder that the owner was gone.
He knew he had to give her time to adjust to what he had done, but it was getting more and more difficult every day to be away from her. He had stopped running with Lauren at night for fear he would be unable to prevent his wolf from going to her. Nate knew what he had done was so horrible that she needed to be the one to come to him. He had promised to give her space and damn it, he’d give it to her. 
With his determination to find Charlotte, the wood piles were no longer getting any higher. He now used his frustration to scout for the wolves. Charlotte was still his main focus, and he would take out his pent up frustration on someone who really deserved it. He had hoped to get the reports done so he could go out and search some more. With that many werewolves in town, there had to be all kinds of scents in the area. Now that he knew her gang was killing, he was on even more of a timeline. They needed to be stopped, before the town realized that normal animals weren’t behind the killings.
With only a few more reports to look over, he could go out and resume the hunt. Just as he was on the last one, his phone rang. The shrill sound made him jump; the cottage was extremely quiet in Megan’s absence. It was Will on the phone, asking him to meet him at the main house. All he would tell him was that Lionel found something he wanted to discuss.
Ten minutes later, Nate was letting himself into the main house. He hadn’t lived there for over a hundred years, but it would always be his home. If he sniffed hard enough, he could almost smell the scent of his mother’s rose perfume. And if he closed his eyes and listened long enough, he could hear the echoes of laughter of his sisters Mary and Rose as they chased little William around the house. Choking back a sob, he pushed open the double oak office doors. 
“What is it, Will? I want to head out and look for Charlotte.” His voice held more irritation than he had intended, but it was hard to concentrate with that woman running around town. He should be out there looking for her, not doing work reports or talking about work related issues. Sitting around his cottage all morning had given him too much time to dwell on his troubles. He needed to take action, and he would as soon as he was done here. He took a calming breath and wandered inside the cozy room. It was filled with shelves that held everything from books to trophies and pictures to old coins. Air puffed out of the cushions as he fell into one of the black leather arm chairs. Will glanced up from his computer. Lionel was sitting in a chair on the side of the big wooden oak desk. He was the son of Will’s cousin Richard and also the family’s computer expert.
Lionel’s shoulders jerked at the sound of Nate’s voice. He turned his attention to his uncle and adjusted his glasses; his face took on a gray hue. Lionel knew Nate’s secret, but although he took it well, he always seemed a bit scared of Nate. As if he thought that his uncle would wolf out at any moment. Nate was comforted by the fact that Lionel was nervous of almost everything. So he didn’t take it personally.
Will leaned back in his chair, his fingers in a steeple over his stomach. The frown on his face was a concern to Nate. “Lionel found something that could be a problem.”
Nate rubbed his hand over his face. He needed another problem like he needed a silver bullet to the heart. “What is it?” he said with an exasperated sigh.
Will lifted his hand and gestured for his nervous cousin to take over.
Lionel cleared his throat twice and shifted in his seat. His nerves were a living breathing thing, and the office suddenly felt cramped with nervous energy. “I was doing my daily check over the system this morning.” He cleared his throat again, and Nate had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. How could he get this young man not to fear him? He had taken him out to dinner and taken him fishing with Will and a few other relatives. He even tried to work with him, but nothing seemed to make Lionel see that Nate would never hurt him or any other person. 
“I…um noticed a few issues with the firewall.”
Nate leaned his head on his hand. The words his nephew used meant nothing to him. “What does that mean?”
Instead of looking at Nate who had asked the question, Lionel turned to Will to explain. “It means that someone has been trying to break into our system.”
“Hasn’t that happened before? It’s to be expected with the size of the company,” Nate said, wishing he was out on the hunt instead of dealing with tedious work issues that someone else could handle.
Lionel was shaking his head, finally meeting Nate’s gaze. “This is different. They used a password that was in the system. It was old, so they couldn’t get through, but if they have that one, they might be able to find the right one.”
Nate never really got used to computers and preferred to leave the technical stuff to his family members that were more qualified, but he didn’t see the problem here. “Can’t you just change the password?”
Lionel gulped, as he straightened his already perfect tie. “The problem is that the password used was for family members only.”
Ah, now Nate could see the issue. The person trying to access the system was a Riley, and that meant he could get access to more passwords until he found the right one. Or, it meant it was a Riley that was no longer involved in the company and that narrowed it down to two people, James being one of them. 
“What was the file they were trying to access?” Nate asked.
Lionel looked to Will for the next answer.
Will sat forward, leaning his arms on the desk, his navy blue suit wrinkled with the move. “Your father’s wills.” When each head of the family passed away, the will was updated, and the file contained all versions since Nate’s father had died.
Nate winced. He had known this day would come sooner or later. His father had set up a clause in his will that whoever didn’t accept Nate’s secret would be disinherited. There would be no more money from the Riley estate. “I have his wills.”
Will nodded, leaning back in his chair once more. “Yes, but there are copies in the office computer.”
“Well, delete the file. At least until we find out what James wants.”
Will pressed his lips together, his bright blue eyes turned downward. “Do we know it’s James?”
Nate shrugged, lifting his foot onto his knee, creasing the edge of the denim with his fingers. “Who else would want to get a hold of the will? Everyone that works for us is well compensated. No one here would object.” He glanced at each relative in front of him. They both refused to meet his eyes. “Would they?”
Will’s face softened. “Of course not. Everyone in the family is happy; even the non-family members love working for us.” He paused. “What about Emma?”
Nate’s face went hard, his hands balled into fists. “It’s not her.”
Lionel shrunk back into his chair looking down at his brown corduroy pants.
Will sat up, his shoulders straight. “She said she would hurt you.” His tone of voice was stern. He had always been protective of Nate, and although it was sweet, it was also unnecessary.
Nate jumped up, towering over Will, his eyes turning yellow. Will wasn’t fazed, but Lionel gasped. Nate was so furious that he didn’t care that he had scared the nervous man. 
“I said it’s not her. Now leave it alone.” Nate’s voice was a growl, his body clenched for a fight. 
Will simply shrugged, not in the least afraid of his uncle. He knew he would never hurt him. This was the reason Nate was sure he could handle Lauren’s secret, but it wasn’t his place to tell him. But at this moment he was tempted, just to get him to stop talking about Emma.
“All I’m saying is we have to explore all possibilities. I’ll have someone look for her—” Will’s voice was cut off as Nate slammed his fist into the desk with a thundering smack. The wood cracked from the impact. Pencils and pens rolled into the new fissure Nate had created.
Lionel jumped from his chair so swiftly that it fell back onto the wooden floor with a clang. He scurried over towards the door, but he didn’t dare leave. His fear of upsetting his uncle further must have won out over fleeing. Nate was always trying to prove to the family that he wasn’t dangerous, but everyone had their limits, and Will was pushing way past his.
Nate glared at Will, secretly overjoyed that he was still unafraid. “I said leave it alone.” Nate’s voice was now ice cold. The atmosphere in the room had turned tense.
“It wasn’t your fault, Nate.” Will’s voice was calm and soothing; trying comfort his uncle, but it had the opposite effect. Nate gave up trying to be intimidating. Instead, he turned around and walked out of the room, passing his nervous nephew without a glance. If Will wouldn’t let it go, he could handle the problem on his own. Right now, Nate needed to let off some steam, and since turning into a wolf was out of the question, he took off in a run on his human legs to the cottage. He had wood to cut.
Joe found him doing just that a few hours later. “I heard you were quite aggressive with your nephews earlier.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Will must have done something to push your buttons. You never lose your temper.”
Nate shrugged and leaned over to grab another piece of wood to place it on the ground. He lifted the axe over his head and swung. The blade sliced through the oak, splinters flying and spreading over the wet grass. The rain had trickled down to just a mist, but Nate barely noticed it. His only motivation was to clear his mind. He didn’t want to think of Megan, James, and least of all, Emma. Unfortunately, the image of a little girl with braids and wheat colored hair that smelled of dirt and plum pudding flashed in his mind. He bent down to pick up the wood and tossed it onto the new pile he had started. 
“Oh, the silent treatment. How fun.” Joe shoved his hands in the pocket of his pants. He was dressed for the office. Since Nate refused to return, Joe was asked to help with the extra work. 
“What did Will say to upset you?” Joe asked.
Nate froze with the axe over his head just as he was about to swing. “I’m not discussing this, so there’s no point in grilling me,” Nate said as he swung the axe. Thunk. “Did you go out looking for the wolves again at lunch?” He spared a quick, imploring glance at his friend.
Joe sighed and rolled his eyes, obviously frustrated. “Yes, and there was nothing. They must be sticking close to home now that they know they’ve been spotted.” He took a few steps toward Nate. “How about you?”
“I haven’t gone out yet. There was an issue I had to deal with, which was why I was at Will’s.” He swung the axe again, striking the log in two.
A wood chip flew from the piece of oak onto Joe’s jacket. He picked it up and narrowed his eyes, as if examining it. “And you still won’t tell me what he said?”
Nate turned to glare at him, his gaze slicing into Joe. Fortunately, Joe had known Nate for fifty years, and he was not intimidated. 
“Ask him yourself,” Nate said coolly, tossing the axe, not caring where it landed. It stuck into the ground, and the wood handle wobbled back and forth. “I’m going to go to the park and see if I can catch a scent.” It was where they had found the bodies of the five hikers. He wanted to find the killers before they struck again.
As Nate started toward the front of his cottage, Joe fell into step with him. “Are you going as a wolf, or as you are?”
“As I am. I can’t stop the wolf from running to Megan.”
Joe winced visibly. “It’s best to stay as you are then.”
Nate stopped walking and peered at his friend. He was keeping something from him, he knew it. “What was that look?”
Joe’s face was expressionless. “Nothing. I don’t know what you mean.”
Nate eyed him suspiciously. “When I usually say I have to keep my distance from Megan, you try to convince me otherwise. What’s changed?”
Joe looked uncomfortable, peering down at the ground. “Lauren is with Megan today, and when I called her earlier she told me that Meg’s still not ready to forgive you.” 
This was not news to Nate. If she was, she’d be here with him. 
“And she said that she hated Charlotte when she thought she had turned her. And now that she knows differently, she doesn’t know how…” Joe trailed off not able to continue.
Nate finished for him. “She doesn’t know how not to hate me.” His shoulders slumped, suddenly feeling tired of everything. 
Joe just frowned, unwilling to confirm Nate’s words.
Despite the pain that pierced his heart, Nate understood. “It’s fine. It’s not like I didn’t expect it. I hate the person who made me what I am.”
Joe’s eyes were filled with sympathy as they began to walk again. The wind picked up, blowing the mist into their faces. The water from the lake beside the house was choppy and almost the color of coal.
“I’m glad she’s allowing Lauren to spend time with her though,” Nate whispered, unable to say her name.
Joe nodded. “Yes, I think they need each other. I’m seeing Lauren tonight; do you think we’ll be long?”
“You don’t need to babysit me,” Nate replied. He would actually prefer to be alone to process all that had happened in the last few hours.
“I know, but I want the killing to stop, and we have to find them to do that.” He paused, the edge of his lips turning up slightly. “Besides, we’re friends, and we help each other out.”
Nate needed a friend right now, whether he was willing to admit it or not. He didn’t know what he’d do without Joe. He had helped him so much since they met fifty years ago. It was ironic that Joe’s own sister had changed his life forever, but her brother had become one of the people he trusted most in the world.

 



Chapter Twenty-One
Two Sides

This time, it was a whisper that woke me. My heavy lids opened to see a man standing in front of me watching me sleep. The impulse to scream and run was quickly stifled as his familiar scent drifted in the air. I was beginning to crave that smell. The scent was like a drug to me, and the two weeks without it was making me crazy. 
“Did I wake you?” he whispered softly, his voice filled me with warmth. I had felt cold without him.
I nodded, rubbing the sleep from my eyes. “But that’s okay, I’m just glad you’re here, I missed you.”
He smiled as he stepped forward, a dimple poking out of his left cheek. His vivid blue eyes were the color of dark seas without the light to make them sparkle. “I missed you too.”
He leaned down to brush the hair from my face with a finger, staring into my eyes. His gaze was so intense that I would have felt it with my eyes closed. There were no words between us as he sat on the edge of the bed leaning above me. His hand moved up my face, caressing my skin until he reached my hair. He wrapped a lock around his hand and tugged gently, pulling me toward him. Our faces hovered inches apart, but we didn’t touch. I felt a hum of electricity, like a live wire. Our breaths mingled together. I gasped as he closed the gap, his lips finally connecting with mine. A hunger erupted inside us, and suddenly we could not get close enough. Our kiss was desperate. It had been so long; the need to be close overtook all of my thoughts. He pushed me back down onto the bed and lay on top of me, only lifting his mouth to kiss my jaw, my chin, my collar bone. I didn’t want him to stop. I craved what he was giving me, and I yearned for more. He brushed kisses against my neck, and I all but melted, all the nerves in my body were waking up now that he was back. He was making me feel again, making me crave more than just a few kisses. “I want you,” I whispered. He made a rumbling sound in his chest as his tongue glided along my collar bone. Goosebumps formed along my skin.
“Are you sure?” his voice was rough, almost a growl. When I nodded, he lifted his head.
A sharp breath escaped my lips as I caught a glimpse of his yellow eyes in the moonlight that poured in from the patio doors. He smiled, showing long pointed fangs. I screamed as he leaned forward piercing my flesh. His teeth sunk into my neck with the feel of a thousand knives.
When he finally pulled away, he lifted his head and glared at me with his animalistic stare, my blood was dripping from his mouth. “You’re mine,” he growled.
I shot up in bed, my heart chugging like a train on a track. Out of the two dreams that haunted my sleep every night, I preferred the other one. I knew what was happening. My sub-conscious was showing me the two sides of Nate. And if I was going to forgive him, I needed to accept each one. But after that dream, I wasn’t sure it was possible.
With my heart still beating wildly, I glanced at the clock and groaned. Lauren would be here soon for our training session. We’d been working with Adrian for two weeks, and we were getting much better. I was turning into a wolf more frequently as well. He had convinced me that I needed to explore that side of myself before the full moon, which was quickly approaching. Lauren even joined us a few times when she could pry herself away from Joe. We went back to the place where we had first turned together. Since it was on my family’s property, we wouldn’t be disturbed. We didn’t do it every day. I still wasn’t comfortable, and I couldn’t help but fight against the change. I wasn’t sure I’d ever get use to turning into something else other than human. The pain itself was reason not to enjoy it, but it wasn’t the only one. When I was in that form, my instinct was to kill animals, but I refused to do it. It was getting harder to stop myself, especially when I watched Adrian. Thankfully, Lauren had the same aversion. I had once feared I’d be a killer now that I was a werewolf. I now knew that would never happen. I couldn’t even kill a bunny.
After my shower, I dressed in my standard workout clothes, tank top and yoga pants, and then wandered to the kitchen. The smell of bacon was overwhelming, making my stomach grumble. A plate of eggs, bacon, and sausage was waiting on the island for me. Mona was leaning over the sink, washing a metal bowl and humming a slow tune. Her dark brown hair was up in a bun as usual. She was wearing a purple blouse and black dress pants. The apron that was wrapped around her clothes was covered with happy frogs.
I took my place on the stool in front of my food and dug in. Mona turned around, her eyes on the dishtowel in her hand. She looked up, saw me, and screamed. I jumped back, my wolf’s hackles raising, looking around for danger, taking in all the smells in the room. All I could scent was the food she cooked, her jasmine perfume, soap, and lemon dish cleaner 
“What?” I asked when there was no danger to be found. 
She was holding her hand over her heart, her breaths coming out in a pant. “You scared the crap out of me. Could you wear a bell please?”
I couldn’t help the laugh that snuck out as I took my seat once again. “You must have been in your own world, Mona, because I did make noise. The chair squeaked when I sat down, and my fork clanked against the plate when I took a bite.” I eyed her, seeing the lines in her forehead, and the strain on her face. “What’s wrong?”
She sighed. “Your mother called.” I knew what she was about to say before the words came out of her mouth, but I still felt a sting when she finally voiced them. “They’re extending their vacation. When I told her you were still here, she refused to change her mind.” By the look of sadness in her eyes, I guessed my mother had said a few careless words about me. I was used to them, although it didn’t hurt any less.
I lifted my fork, filled with scrambled eggs. “It’s fine, Mona. I get along better with you anyway.” I shoved the fork into my mouth and chewed. “Besides, I’m going to go back to the cottage soon,” I lied. After the dream I had, I had no intention of going back there. I knew I would eventually, but just not in the foreseeable future.
Her face brightened. “Really?”
I nodded, lifting my glass of orange juice she had left near my plate. “You sound happy to be rid of me. Am I that hard to live with?” I faked laughter in my voice, trying to sound happy.
Her face scrunched up, and her hand shot out, hitting me with the tip of the dish towel. “Of course not, you brat. I just want you to make up with Nate. He’s so good for you.”
Yeah right. I thought. You wouldn’t think that if you knew what he had done to me. Instead of speaking my thoughts, I grinned. “I know, and we’ll be fine.”
Her eyes narrowed suspiciously; my evasive answer didn’t fool her. I started to eat again to stop any further questions.
Lauren showed up just as I was putting my dishes in the dishwasher.
My glove slammed into the thick leather with a powerful thud. The bag bounced back and swung toward me again. That’s when I spun around and kicked out with my right leg. The spinning back kick was my favorite move. I felt pretty bad-ass when I did it.
The sound of pounding on leather next to me had me glancing in Lauren’s direction. Her sandy hair was pulled up in a ponytail. The strands that had come loose were damp with sweat and plastered to her forehead. The look of determination and enjoyment on her face must have mirrored mine. I was thankful for meeting Adrian for no other reason than this. Each time Lauren and I left the gym, we felt a tiny bit safer. It gave us the confidence we had been lacking since the first time a werewolf had threatened us. Sometimes, I almost wanted Charlotte to make a move, if only to test my new fighting ability.
“You guys are getting really good.” Adrian’s voice brought me out of my thoughts. He was standing between us with his arms folded in front of him, assessing our movements. As always, he was wearing jogging pants, but this shirt was a long sleeved sweatshirt rolled to his elbows. His short black hair was spiked today. “Are you ready to fight each other?”
Both of us froze, hands mid-swing. The bag swung back and hit me, nudging me off balance. “What do you mean?” I gasped, dizzy from both his words and the impact.
“You need to learn to fight with something that will fight back, so you can react. Fighting a person is a lot harder than fighting an inanimate object.” He pointed to the bag swinging slightly in front of me. 
Lauren and I exchanged a worried glance. I had no interest in fighting her. She was my friend. I didn’t want to hurt her.
“You can use protective gear. You won’t hurt each other.” He moved toward the back of the room to a shelf that held various supplies. He held up two round leather puffy things that looked a bit like masks. One was pink, the other was blue. 
“This is called head gear,” he said. “It’s to protect the face. There are all kinds of gear here that will protect you.”
When we still hesitated, he puffed out a breath. “Fine, then fight me.”
We grinned and turned to each other. “Okay,” we said at the same time.
Adrian shook his head as he dug into the shelf, picking us each out what we would need. When we joined him at the shelves, he handed us each an item, naming what they were, mouth guards, body protectors, and shin guards.
When we were fully suited up with Lauren wearing the pink head gear and me the blue, I stood facing Adrian, feeling nervous and excited. I knew he wouldn’t hurt me, and I also knew my body could take a hit. I had had a few scrapes over the last few weeks that healed in seconds. It was a little freaky to be honest.
“Go on, hit me,” Adrian encouraged, waving his arms for me to make a move. When I hesitated, a lopsided smile tugged at his lips. “Or are you chicken?”
I wasn’t born yesterday. I knew he was trying to egg me on so I would hit him, and yes, it worked. Before he could say another word, my arm shot out with the urge to wipe the smile off his face. He blocked the move easily and countered with another. The impact of his glove on my face made my teeth rattle and shoved me backwards. Before I knew what was happening, he swung his leg, sweeping me off my feet. I was on the mat with the wind knocked out of me, staring up at the white stippled ceiling. There were clumps of dust stuck to the jagged points.
“What just happened?” I mumbled.
A deep chuckle sounded above me. “I knocked you on your ass.” His hand appeared in my line of sight, and I reached out to take it. He pulled me up, and I could see the glint of laughter in his dark eyes. He was mocking my poor fighting skills. 
“Now, do you see why you need to fight with someone? People are not punching bags. They fight back.” He smiled as he pounded his gloves together.
Lauren, who was off to the side watching, giggled. 
I shot her a narrowed glare. “Do you want to give it a try?” I asked her. 
Her eyes went round, her face terrified as she shook her head. 
“That’s what I thought.” I held my laughter in, trying to hold on to my dignity after the stomping I had just received.
For the next half hour, Adrian talked about how to anticipate our opponent’s moves and how to take them by surprise. By the time the hour was up, we were panting and sweating, and I was sore everywhere. Thankfully, I could feel my skin tingling as my aches began to heal. But all the pain was worth it; everything he had shown us was paying off. The last time I took Adrian on, it took much longer for him to knock me off my feet.
Once he was positioned in the driver’s seat of his jeep, Adrian asked, “Lunch?” as he did every day. When we agreed, he headed to our usual spot, Tom’s Diner. It was always crowded with lots of laughter and voices, and the smell of gravy and bacon filled the room. Since I had turned into a werewolf, I think it was my favorite scent. Yum. We didn’t even open the menus because we ordered the same thing every day—the special. I had lived here my whole life, and it was Adrian who introduced this meal to me. And from that moment, Lauren and I were hooked. The special was the French dip, and I’m not talking any ordinary French dip. This was sliced savory beef stuffed into fluffy, buttery Yorkshire Pudding. The gravy dipping sauce was to die for. “Let me guess, the usual?” Nicole the waitress asked with a cheerful smile on her face; a hand resting on her hip. She didn’t need to write down our order since she took it every day for the last week. She was younger than us, maybe a senior in high school. Lauren said she went to Everest, but I didn’t remember her. That wasn’t surprising considering I had spent most of my time there trying to be a snob like my friends.
“Yes, please,” Lauren answered for all of us.
Nicole nodded and winked at Adrian. She might be younger, but she wasn’t at all shy. She had been hitting on him every afternoon since he found the place. He told us later in the car that he was afraid that one of these days she would work up the nerve to ask him out. He didn’t want to hurt her feelings because he liked someone else. He wouldn’t tell us who it was though. I had a feeling it was ‘the one’. As a werewolf, when you found that certain person, there was a look in your eye when you spoke about them. I had seen it in Nate and Joe’s eyes, and now Lauren’s. But he never offered the information, and I never pried. 
“You guys are really doing well,” Adrian said, as I took a sip of my water. “You won’t need me much longer.”
For some reason the idea of stopping our sessions left me feeling empty. What would I focus on to take my mind off of Nate? It was all I could do not to think about his vivid blue eyes and his dimples. 
“You’re not abandoning us are you?” I asked, trying to keep the desperation out of my voice.
He leaned his elbow on the table, head on his hand. “No, of course not, I just mean that you’ll be able to handle yourself soon. But we can continue to train. There’s no harm in being too prepared.”
I relaxed, feeling stupid for panicking in the first place. I glanced at Lauren who was fidgeting with the salt shaker. “Are you coming with us for a run today?” I asked her.
She lifted her head until her eyes met mine. “I don’t think I can. Joe’s starting to wonder where I’ve been lately. He wanted to come with me this morning.”
Again, panic fluttered in my chest. “Doesn’t he work?”
“Not on Saturday.”
The days were running into one another, and I never knew what day of the week it was. I didn’t have any reason to. I had called the shelter the day after I returned home from the island and told Julia that I was taking some time off. She didn’t question me, just said that she’d hire a replacement that could help me out when I returned. She squealed when I told her that I had bought the house. We had agreed to wait to discuss it further when I was ready. 
“Is Nate back to work?” I asked in a whisper.
Lauren’s eyes widened. It was the first time I had brought him up since the day in my room when I sobbed on her shoulder. “Not yet. He’s obsessed with finding Charlotte.”
Adrian’s hands clenched into fists; he had taken on a protective role for us since we had gotten to know each other, and when we brought up our time on the island, he would get angry. “Has he had any luck?”
She nodded her head, setting her glass down, her mouth filled with water. “They found the house where the wolves are staying, but every time they go there, no one is home. Nate even camped out over night, but nothing happened.”
Adrian’s eyes went rounder than the tires on his jeep. “They did?”
Lauren glanced over at a kid who yelled for his mother, two tables away. The woman shushed him, looking embarrassed. “Yeah. At first, they were running into problems. The scents they found always disappeared or led to a body of water. Finally, they followed one until it led to a waterfall. Clever, since the movement of water would screw up all of the scents. Instead of giving up, they crossed it and searched until they found another scent. It led to an abandoned cabin. All of the scents are there, including a few more werewolves that weren’t at the island. They have yet to find them though. They think there may be another hideout.”
It made sense. It had been almost three weeks since we had been kidnapped, and with that many werewolves, you’d think they would have found them by now.
Adrian was about to speak when our food came. It smelled so good; I had the urge to pant like a dog.
We dug in, staying silent as we enjoyed our meal. Working out took a lot of energy, and thankfully, food helped replenish it. Eating so much and not gaining weight was my favorite part about being a werewolf; my newfound strength was the second. 
During our meal, Lauren paused, placing her fork onto the table. “I have to tell Joe what we’ve been doing.” Her voice was somber. She knew I didn’t want her to.
I glared at her but stayed silent. Adrian glanced at each of us, confusion written on his face.
“I can’t keep lying to him. We just started dating. You know what lies can do to a relationship.” Her voice was desperate, pleading with me to understand.
“I’m not ready for Nate to know yet.”
Adrian’s brow rose. “Know what?” he asked innocently.
I glanced at him. “About you. How do you think a werewolf who has marked his mate would react if he knew she was spending a lot of time with another werewolf?”
Adrian froze. “True.” His face twitched as he thought this through. “I don’t want to come between you and your boyfriend. I don’t know why you’re apart, and it’s not my business. But I think it must be difficult for both of you to keep away from each other.”
His words hung in the air. I didn’t know what to say. It was hard, and I wasn’t ready to forgive. But I couldn’t talk about that with him, especially in a crowded restaurant.
I was about to say something, but the thoughts disappeared instantly when the door to the restaurant opened, and the scent of two werewolves entered with the cold wind. Adrian, Lauren and I all turned, our nostrils flaring as the man we were discussing stalked towards us. He was so furious that his eyes were yellow; his stare was fixed on Adrian. Joe followed behind, looking just as angry.
 





Chapter Twenty-Two
Truth

“Let me guess. That’s your mate?” Adrian murmured as we watched the guys approach us. His mint chocolate scent held no comfort for me as I gazed at my boyfriend.
“Yep,” I said dryly, confused why Nate seemed so angry. He had never been the jealous type, but that was before he marked me. Maybe that explained why his arms were shaking as he rushed towards us. I was expecting him to be upset that I was spending so much time with Adrian, but he didn’t know that yet, and as far as Nate knew, we had just met.
“Outside, now,” he growled at Adrian, not even sparing a glance in my direction. I was feeling anxious at seeing him for the first time since we had discovered he had bitten me. How would he act toward me? Better yet, how would I react to him? Would I forgive him like I so desperately wanted to? I wasn’t sure. Right now, I needed to figure out what was going on. 
As Adrian, Lauren, and I followed the guys outside, I handed a fifty to Nicole. She smiled when she saw how much it was.
The sun was out and for once the air was warm, well, warm for mid-November. Nate was heading to the back of the lot where we would have privacy. We passed a group of teenagers who were laughing loudly and squealing in delight. A lone man, on his way to the diner eyed us wearily, giving Lauren and I worried glances. Nate and Joe must have looked scary as they led us away.
When we reached the isolated back lot, Adrian and I stood together, backs against his jeep. Lauren rushed to stand with Joe, who grabbed her hand, shoving her slightly behind him.
“Get away from her!” Nate growled at Adrian, his face wild with fury, his eyes still yellow. He moved at wolf speed, yanking me behind him. His scent whirled around me as I peeked over his shoulder at Adrian, shooting him looks of apology. Adrian smiled sadly at me in response. Nate noticed and took a step to the side to block my view of my new friend. His hand was still wrapped tightly around my arm. Despite the death grip, his touch felt warm even through my coat. All I could see was the back of his black leather jacket and his wavy blond hair. 
“Leave now, or I will kill you. Tell Charlotte I will find her, and when I do, she will pay for what she’s done.” Nate’s voice was just above a whisper, but it was filled with venom.
I reached out to touch Nate’s arm about to tell him to leave Adrian alone, when his words suddenly registered. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked, confused. “He doesn’t know Charlotte.” 
Nate relaxed his grip on my arm and let me move forward. The two of us faced Adrian. Joe and Lauren stood off to the side. Lauren was staring at Adrian with a look of confusion that most likely matched my own. 
Nate glanced at me, remorse shone in his now clear blue eyes, all remnants of the wolf was gone. “I recognize his scent from the island. He was one of the werewolves that were chasing you and Lauren.” 
The remark Adrian made the first day we met, about my friend changing into a werewolf now made sense. Despite this, I didn’t want to believe it. I shook my head, not accepting Nate’s words. But when I glanced at Joe for confirmation, he nodded. I turned back and glared at Adrian feeling like such a fool. 
Before I opened my mouth to tell him off, the jerk spoke.
“I can explain.”
“You lied to me,” I yelled, a stab of betrayal burned in my stomach making me nauseous. What was it with guys I trusted? Why did they keep letting me down? 
“I know, and I’m sorry.” Adrian’s voice was filled with regret as he took a step toward me, wrapping his hand around my arm. Before he said another word, Nate ripped his hand from my coat, and blocked him from me once again. This time his arm swung out, and punched Adrian in the face with a sickening crack. I gasped, shocked at Nate’s behavior. I had never seen him so violent. He wasn’t finished with Adrian’s punishment; he pounced on him before I could voice my protests. He threw him to the ground, pounding him in the face over and over. Adrian didn’t fight back. He just lay on the ground and took it. And after getting to know him over the last few weeks, I knew he could have stopped Nate or even worse—fought back.
Despite what Adrian had done to me, I couldn’t see him get hurt. “Nate, stop.” Even though my voice was commanding, and shrill, it was barely audible over the sound of knuckles meeting flesh. 
Nate’s hand froze mid-swing. It took all of his control not to move his fist forward. “He tried to hurt you. I can’t let him get away with that.”
He must be referring to the island, because ever since I had met Adrian he had been nothing but helpful and kind. He had eased me into the transition of becoming a wolf and even taught Lauren and me to protect ourselves. And yet, he was lying to us the whole time. I felt anger at both Adrian and Nate—they both betrayed me.
“Why not? You did.” The words slipped out before I thought them through. I didn’t mean to say it, and I wasn’t sure if I meant them. Lauren gasped, coming up to stand next to me as I clamped my lips shut, feeling guilty instantly. I wanted to say I was sorry, but this was not the time to discuss his betrayal or my inability to forgive him.
Nate stood up slowly, leaving Adrian lying on the ground. He turned to me, his striking blue eyes filled with misery. “I’m so sorry.” He rubbed his face with his hand, taking a ragged breath, as if he was fighting tears. The gesture was so raw with pain that my eyes burned, and a lump formed in my throat. I hated that I had made him look that way, and I wished with all my heart I could take away his pain. If I could turn back time to the night I made dinner for him, I would. We were so happy then, but everything had changed the second he lost control.
“Nate,” Joe’s voice called out, slicing through the sudden emotion-filled silence as Nate and I stared at each other. Nate reluctantly looked away from me and glanced at his friend.
Joe nodded to a few people wandering to their cars, reminding Nate that we were not alone. Nate looked lost as he gazed back at the guy lying on the ground bleeding from his lip and nose. Instead of continuing his beating, he walked away, heading toward his car which was parked a few feet away. He stood next to his vehicle, staring down at the pavement. 
I pried my gaze away from him so I could help Adrian. Lauren and I each grabbed one of his arms and lifted him up as Joe glared at him with hate in his eyes. His face was colder than I had ever seen it. Joe was always in a good mood, never taking anything too seriously. But since I hadn’t seen him for three weeks, things might have changed. I knew he had had a difficult time with Lauren.
“Why are you here with him?” Joe asked, his voice as cold as his eyes. He wasn’t asking me, he was watching at Lauren.
She glanced at me, and I nodded. There was no point in hiding it anymore. But I didn’t want to do it here. I needed to be away from Adrian, the person I had thought was my friend. Each lie he told felt like a stone thrown at me, a constant sting of betrayal. As I remembered all of our conversations, I became angrier at myself for believing him. Had anything he said been the truth? As these thoughts spun through my mind, I was desperate to be alone, but I knew that wasn’t possible. 
“Take us home, and we can talk there.” I glared at Adrian, making it clear why I didn’t want to discuss anything here. Joe and Lauren nodded and began to walk toward Nate’s car. 
When I turned to follow, I felt a hand grab my elbow. “Please, let me explain,” Adrian’s voice was strained. Of course, it was all an act. I no longer trusted anything he said. I spun to glare at him, and at the sound of a growl behind us, he let go of me. I didn’t have to turn around to know who had made the sound. 
“Will you just listen?” he asked without touching me, his eyes shifting over my shoulder to Nate.
I shook my head. “I’m done listening. I should never have trusted you.” I turned on my heel and walked away. I slid into the car without looking back. Why did it hurt leaving him like that? Was it the look of sadness as I turned away from him, or was it the feeling of loss? When we met, I was depressed and fighting my change every step of the way. He helped me get through that. Was that all a lie?
I buried my head in my hands as the rest of the group got in the car, and the engine started. I felt Adrian’s gaze on me as we drove past. Lauren was beside me in the back seat, and she took my hand. I knew she understood what I was going through. Adrian was as much her friend as he was mine.
The drive was quiet. I wanted to sort through my thoughts before we explained what had happened. I refused to look in Nate’s direction, but I knew he was watching me through the rear-view mirror. I could feel his heated gaze boring into me.

When we entered the cottage, it felt different somehow, like I had been gone for years. Nothing had changed. All the furniture was the same, and the antique table and chairs were in their normal spot. The pictures from his past and a few from the present were still scattered throughout the living room, but something seemed off. When I sat down on the sofa and glanced at the picture of Nate and me on his speed boat, I realized it wasn’t the cottage that was different—it was me. 
Everyone wandered in. Lauren sat beside me, while the guys sat across from us, waiting. Lauren opened her mouth to speak since I hadn’t said anything yet, but I placed my hand on her leg and leaned forward. This was my fault. I had let Adrian into our lives, and I should be the one to explain.
I took a deep breath and began. “I met Adrian two weeks ago. I was at the frozen yogurt shop with Mandy, and after she left, he walked in. We recognized each other as werewolves, and he came over and sat down. I didn’t know he was from the island. I don’t remember any werewolf scents from there.”
Nate looked weary as he shifted in his chair. “You wouldn’t have. It takes a few days for the wolf DNA to go through your system. And with everything that happened, it would have been too confusing to notice the trace scents that were there. The werewolves had already left by that time.”
I nodded, thankful for his explanation. Everything had been so crazy on the island that it was good to finally understand some of it. “Anyway, I didn’t trust him at first. My experiences with werewolves haven’t been good. But when I asked him if he knew Charlotte, he told me no. He said he had just moved to town and was talking to me because he didn’t know anyone here. He also told me a story about his parents dying and that they saved him.” I paused glancing around. So far no one was upset, Nate’s face was neutral, but I knew that was about to change. “When I told him that I hadn’t changed since I was turned, he explained that I needed to. He said that if I didn’t take control, I could hurt someone I loved.”
Nate sucked in a sharp breath and leaned back into his chair. His jaw hardening was the extent of his reaction.
“He knew I had a mate, and he could see the mark,” I added. Nate winced but stayed silent. “Which, I don’t understand.”
Lauren’s brow furrowed. “What mark? It healed, didn’t it?”
Joe crossed his long leg over the other. “Only male werewolves can see it. It’s a warning to back off.”
Lauren looked away, her eyes wide with disapproval.
“Anyway,” I said, trying to get off of that topic. His marking me was the least of my worries. “He asked who turned me, and I told him that it was Charlotte.”
No one said a word, but they all looked away, knowing the subject was painful.
“He said that other werewolves can sometimes come looking for trouble. So he asked if I wanted to learn how protect myself.” I left out the part of going for runs. I’d tell them when it came up.
“What do you mean?” Nate asked leaning forward, his elbows resting on his knees.
“He taught us kick boxing and how to fight.”
Joe sat up, glancing from me to Lauren. “Us?”
Lauren pressed her lips together, looking down at the wood floor. “After her first session, I went to see her. She told me about him and what he had been teaching her. She asked me to go with her so I could also learn to defend myself.”
Joe placed his foot back down on the floor. “But we can protect you,” he protested.
Lauren frowned at him. “I don’t want to upset you, but when Charlotte took us, we were alone.” Her words stung. Both of our men winced. Joe looked away. Nate gazed at me, uncertainty clouding his face. Lauren went on, ignoring their reactions. “If we knew how to fight, we might have had a chance to get away.”
Nate shook his head. “She’s a werewolf, you were not. A few punches and kicks would not have helped a human.”
I had to speak up. I couldn’t let him think he could make my decisions for me. I chose to learn kick boxing. He’d have to get over that. “We’re werewolves now. Are we in any less danger? Is there something wrong with being able to protect ourselves?”
How could they argue with that? They couldn’t, and instead, they fell silent.
It was Nate who finally spoke. “Is that all? Did he try to…” He trailed off, looking uncomfortable. I knew what he was asking.
“Did he make a move on me?” I asked with a smirk. He nodded sharply, his face filled with both anger and hurt. “No, he didn’t. I know now that he was with Charlotte, but it doesn’t make sense. He was nothing but kind. When I met him, I was depressed and in denial of being a werewolf. He took me out for a run, and even though I’m still not happy to be a wild animal, it’s definitely getting better.” Oh crap, I didn’t mean to tell them that.
Nate spun to face me. “You changed into a werewolf and ran with him?” He gasped, looking shocked.
I gulped, not sure what his reaction meant. “Yes.”
“How often?” His voice was rough, his eyes turned yellow. Okay, he was mad.
Joe glared at Lauren, silently asking the same question. Her only response was to look at the fingers in her lap.
Feeling like I was about to be lectured by the principal or my father, I cleared my throat. “A few times a week.”
Nate surprised me when his lips twitched upwards, his eyes flashed blue again. “I’m relieved you were learning to adjust to your new life.” He shoved his hand through his hair roughly. “I just wish you trusted me to help you.” He stood up, clearing his throat. “I just remembered that Will wanted to see me.” He put his jacket on, avoiding my eyes. “I’ll be back. Please stay here for now.”
All I could do was nod, confused by his reaction. Was he angry or happy? What was going on?
All three of us stared after him as he opened the front door and closed it behind him. All that was left of him was the wash of cold air that had blown in when he opened the door.
“What was that about?” Lauren asked me, lifting her feet onto the coffee table.
I shrugged my shoulders. “I have no idea.”


 




Chapter Twenty-Three
Close Call

While Nate was gone, I sat and listened to Lauren and Joe arguing, swinging my head back and forth when each one spoke. I felt like I was watching a tennis match. Joe was angry that she didn’t tell him about Adrian.
“It was my fault,” I admitted, cutting Joe off before he could say anything more. His head shifted to me, his gray eyes sharp. “She wanted to tell you, but I asked her not to. I wasn’t ready for Nate to know anything about what I had been doing.” 
His harsh stare was making me nervous. I picked at my yoga pants, twirling the material between my fingers.
“If it was as innocent as you say, then why keep it a secret?” He was still looking at me, but it was obvious the question was directed at us both.
My shoulders slumped as I leaned back into the soft sofa. “I didn’t want Nate to know. I would have told him everything when I was ready. I wasn’t ashamed of what I was doing. I just wanted space.”
I hated how that sounded, like a permanent break. It really wasn’t though, I still loved him, but I had to work through all of the rest of my feelings.
Joe’s hard expression softened. “You have to forgive him at some point, Love. He didn’t mean to do it,” he said in his melodious Irish brogue.
A sudden ache in my chest appeared. I wasn’t ready to talk about this.
Instead of answering, I stood up and wandered into my old room. I could feel their sympathetic gazes on the back of my head as I closed the door behind me. 
I didn’t want to be here, but since I was, I felt drawn to my nightstand drawer. I sat on the edge of the bed, and switched on the lamp, staring at the wooden surface. The urge to get up and leave was strong. I couldn’t handle seeing what was in there. I wasn’t ready—for any of this. All I wanted was to train with Adrian. Learning to fight like that was so therapeutic. Every punch I threw cleared my mind. I didn’t dwell on what my life was like a month ago. I focused on the moves—the power of my punches and kicks and the boost in my confidence. Learning to protect myself had fixed something inside of me that had broken the day I turned into a werewolf. I no longer feared other werewolves. Deep inside of me, there was a girl who wanted them to try and hurt me, just so I could test my new abilities. I had strength because of the bite, but Adrian helped me put it to good use. And no matter his reasons for doing that, I would always appreciate what he had done for me.
The sound of Lauren’s laughter brought me out of my head, and back into the room I had ran from. Joe must have forgiven her for deceiving him. I couldn’t help but smile. I was happy that I didn’t cause permanent problems in a relationship that was still new and vulnerable.
No longer able to fight the urge, I leaned forward and pulled the drawer open. The book I had been reading still lay where I left it. There was also lip balm, hand cream, and The Box. The white exterior was so small, yet held so much meaning. Inside was a future I could choose or reject.
It felt like I stared at the small, inanimate object for hours, but only minutes had actually passed. I finally gave up and reached for it. The papery smooth surface was cool in my hand, and when I opened the lid, my breath caught. The ring was more beautiful than I remembered. It sparkled like stars in the night sky. I yearned to put it on my finger just to see if it fit. I hadn’t had the chance the night he gave it to me. Now the fourth finger on my left hand throbbed, itching for me to try it on. Just as I lifted my fingers to do just that, the front door of the cottage swung open, and Nate’s scent wafted into my senses. Feeling like I was caught with my hand in the cookie jar, I slammed the box shut. The sound echoed in the small quiet room like a gunshot. I was sure that everyone would now know what I was doing. I threw it into the drawer, shutting it quickly, and jumped up from the bed, rushing to the door. I felt like I had been snooping in a stranger’s house, as though I had no business to be there.
My face was hot as I stepped out into the living room. All eyes shifted to me, and I was sure everyone could hear the sound of my pounding heartbeat.
“Are you all right?” Nate asked me, a look of concern etched on his features.
“Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be?” I answered defensively, feeling instantly annoyed with myself. I was acting like I had done something wrong. I shook my head and took a deep breath. “I’m sorry. I’m fine really.” My voice was back to normal—at least, I hoped it was.
Lauren looked at me funny, as if she knew I was hiding something, but instead of inquiring, she turned to Nate. “What did my dad want?”
“What do you mean?” he asked, seeming confused by her question.
“You said he wanted to see you,” she answered as she stretched her legs out in front of her on the floor.
Realization donned on Nate’s face, and if I didn’t know any better, I would have thought he flushed. “Oh, he just wanted to ask about some paperwork I had sent him.”
He was lying, I could sense it, but it had nothing to do with me. Besides I was ready to get out of there. The cottage was making me feel claustrophobic. Since I was there, I felt the need to make a decision. The words—FORGIVE HIM—screamed in my head. But as I thought this, my neck throbbed, and the vision of his bloody fangs after he tore at my neck in the dream played in my mind. A heaviness the size of an elephant sat on my chest. I felt like I was being smothered with the need to make a decision.
“I have to go.” I snapped, making everyone in the room turn my way. I took a few steps toward the door. “I’ll see you later, Lauren,” I said nodding to her and ignoring the other two. I wasn’t sure how I was going to get home, but I’d walk if I had to.
As I wrapped my hand around the doorknob, Nate’s voice called out. “You can’t go home.”
The weight on my chest deepened. “You can’t stop me. You might have branded me yours, but I still call the shots in my own life.” My voice was a little harsh but I wouldn’t let him tell me what to do. The weight on my chest was threatening to smother me. I felt like I couldn’t breathe. I was panicking and needed to get away from here. 
His eyes washed with both guilt and hurt. I didn’t want to hurt him, but I just couldn’t get my breath in this house. 
“I don’t trust that guy, and he knows where you live.” His voice was laced with pain, and longing.
“She can stay with me,” Lauren suggested. The weight lifted a tiny bit at her suggestion.
“Fine, let’s go.” I rushed out the door before he could object.
I was waiting outside, wondering how we’d get there since her car was still at my family’s home. We had ridden in Adrian’s jeep, not knowing how the day would turn out. Even though he had lied to me, I wanted to go back to just before Nate and Joe had shown up. I was having so much fun with my two friends.
We could walk, I thought, when I pushed the former thoughts to the back of my mind. It wasn’t that far.
“Joe said we could take his car,” Lauren explained when she emerged a few minutes later. “Are you okay?” she asked, stopping in front of me. All I could manage was a shrug of my shoulders as I wandered over to Joe’s car. We were back to where we started six months ago, with Nate refusing to let me go while a deranged werewolf threatened our lives. So much had happened since then, and all of it rushed through my mind, leaving me feeling overwhelmed and beaten. I was exhausted, and I just wanted to sleep for no other reason than to stop thinking. I climbed into the front seat, and the scent of leather from the seats and lemon filled the car. As Lauren started the ignition and pulled away, I gazed out at the lake. Twilight had settled upon us, making the world dull and gray. The water rippled in the wind, and a gull screeched overhead. I couldn’t see the bird, but I could hear it even with the windows closed.
When she pulled up to the main house, the only car that was visible was her father’s. “My mom’s at a charity thing,” Lauren explained before I could ask.
“Where’s Nathan?” I slid out of the car, slamming the door. 
“He’s at a sleepover.” She walked around the vehicle, and together, we took the few steps up to the door. We heard a crash inside the house, and glanced at each other in confusion. Then we heard loud voices. I reached the door first, but she was directly behind me. The foyer was empty of the usual employees. We glanced at each other again, this time with fear and confusion.
“Where is everyone?” I asked her.
She shrugged and opened her mouth to answer just as we caught a scent of werewolf coming from her father’s office. We ran with our enhanced speed, shoving the doors open. My eyes widened in shock at what I saw. Will was up against the wall of windows, and a man with pale blond hair had his hands wrapped around his neck. Will flailed his arms and kicked out trying to get free, but it was no use, his face was turning blue.
Before I could think, I rushed toward them and spun on my heel kicking out with my right leg, hitting the man right in the head. My sneaker made contact with his skull. The impact made him fall backwards, releasing Will.
Lauren moved quickly, catching her father before he fell to the floor. With a glance at the stranger, she led Will away with her extra speed. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see his eyes widened as he watched us both. We were obviously no longer the human girls he thought us to be.
The blond werewolf regained his composure and glanced from me where I stood in my stance preparing to fight and then to Lauren, who was protecting her father with her body. Her eyes were narrowed with determination. He was not getting near Will again.
Knowing he was outnumbered, the man rushed toward the back window and jumped through it. The sound of glass shattering exploded in the room.
I ran to the window, glass crunching beneath my shoes. I thought of chasing him, but as I watched him disappear into the woods, I changed my mind. Who was I kidding? Just because I had stopped him from killing Will didn’t mean I knew how to hunt or track someone. Besides, what would I do if I found him? He was bigger and most likely had been a werewolf for a long time. I was no match for him on my own.
“Are you okay, Dad?” Lauren asked, her voice taking on a higher pitch. She sounded frantic. I turned to see what was happening. 
Will was in a leather arm chair hunched over, gasping for breath leaning on his knees. He glanced up and gaped at Lauren and then me as I approached them. 
“Are y-you both…werewolves?” His voice was a raspy whisper, strained from being strangled.
Lauren closed her eyes, taking a deep breath, when she opened then, she nodded gravely.
Will’s face hardened, his eyes narrowing with anger and frustration. “How? Did Joe do this?” His voice was a mere whisper but the anger in it was evident.
Her eyes went wide, clearly offended by his question. “What? Of course not. Why would you think that?”
He narrowed his eyes. “Because, apparently, you’re his mate,” he rasped softly. “Wouldn’t he want you to be like him?” He sat up, leaning against the cushion of the chair, as though he could no longer hold his head up on his own.
Lauren’s eyes went round with shock. “How could you say that? You know him.”
I suddenly felt in the way and wondered if I was the only one that realized that they were getting a bit off track. Someone just tried to kill Will, and he was arguing with his daughter about her boyfriend. But it wasn’t my place to interrupt. This was between father and daughter.
I stepped out into the hallway to call Joe. I didn’t want to talk to Nate after what had happened earlier. I explained to him about the attempt on Will’s life, and he said they would be right up.
As I waited for reinforcements, I leaned against the door listening to the two people inside as I stared at the wood grain in the oak. 
“Stop accusing Joe. He had nothing to do with this.” Lauren’s voice was raised, filled with annoyance. Had they forgotten that only minutes before a pair of hands were wrapped around Will’s throat?
The front door swung open, startling me before I could hear Will’s response. Joe and Nate entered the house, poised for attack. By the look on their faces, they were ready to defend their family. Was it wrong to feel a little smug that I had taken care of the problem myself?
Nate rushed toward me, reaching for my hands. I pulled them behind my back and tried to ignore the hurt that flickered in his eyes. 
“What happened?” he asked. He stood just inches away. I could feel his breath and the heat that radiated off of him. I wanted to take a step back, but after I pulled my hands away, I decided I had hurt him enough.
“When Lauren and I got here, we smelled the scent of werewolf and rushed into the office. A guy with blond hair was choking Will. His face was blue.”
“Damn him,” Nate growled. His hands were clenched at his sides, and his eyes flashed yellow. He seemed to know who the attacker was. “Did he hurt you?”
“No, she kicked his ass and scared him away,” Lauren answered for me.
The three of us turned to face her; Lauren was in the doorway. I didn’t even hear the door open.
Nate’s expression was bemused. “What do you mean?” he asked Lauren.
“When we saw that guy trying to kill my father, I panicked, and I couldn’t move. But Megan didn’t even think—she just rushed the guy and kicked him in the face. He fell back and let go of my dad. That’s when I snapped out of it and pulled my dad away from him.”
Nate faced me. “Where is he?”
I shifted my feet. “When he realized he was up against two werewolves, he jumped out the window.”
The hallway fell silent. Nate’s face was blank as he stared at me, but I could see in his eyes he was struggling with something. Electricity seemed to pop at the intensity of his stare. I wasn’t the only one who noticed.
“Lauren, let’s go tend to your father.” Joe led her away without waiting for a reply.
I was sorry to see them go since the stare only intensified. I couldn’t help but quake under his gaze.
When I thought the silence would go on forever, Nate took a step forward, closing the gap between us. This time I did retreat from him until I hit the wall. There was nowhere else to go. Again, he stalked toward me. He placed his hands above my head, enclosing me with his arms. The air sizzled with emotion, and his gaze was intense, all traces of the wolf gone. 
“Did you really take out James on your own?” he whispered, his voice rough.
He had taken away my ability to speak. We hadn’t been this close in weeks, and my body was betraying my mind. It screamed to fill the small gap and wrap my arms around him. But my mind wouldn’t let me. All I could do was nod in answer.
“How did you do it?”
I swallowed loudly, since my throat had suddenly gone dry. “I...I ran at him, twisting into a back kick...I kicked him in the head. There’s more power in that move.” He moved closer, his breath caressing my face and his scent whirling around me. I blinked, forgetting what I was about to say. “Um…he lost his balance, and ran off.”
Nate smiled, his dimples popping out to mock me. He knew how he was affecting me. He leaned in until his lips touched mine. “I’m so proud of you,” he whispered against my lips. And then he kissed me. His actions had turned my mind to mush, and I couldn’t push him away like I wanted. Or did I want to? The kiss ended abruptly, and when he pulled back, he looked at me with a hooded gaze. Then he was gone. I could hear him in the office with the others, but I couldn’t move to follow him. Along with my brain, my limbs had turned to mush.


 



Chapter Twenty-Four
Almost Home

“How could you let this happen?” Will rasped and then coughed at the strain he was putting on his throat. He was staring at Joe, but his eyes flicked to Nate. He was angry at both of them.
I stepped into the office unnoticed and took a seat on a bench in front of the window. Will was still sitting in the big arm chair while Lauren was perched at the end of the sofa next to him. Joe had taken the spot beside his girlfriend, and Nate was standing up facing Will.
“You need to calm down, Will, and rest your voice. We have to talk about what happened to you.” Of course, it was Nate speaking calmly. My emotions were going haywire because of him, and my body was still tingling with sensations. Nate, on the other hand, appeared totally unaffected as he spoke to his nephew.
“Calm down? My daughter’s a werewolf, and no one will tell me how that happened.” His voice was once again a whisper. Any voice that had returned was gone after his continuing attempts at speaking.
“Charlotte turned me when she kidnapped us.” Lauren’s voice was low, nervous to give him all the details.
Will’s head snapped to me. “She turned you too?” he asked, his face unreadable.
“Can we discuss this later?” Nate spoke before I could answer, which was good, because I didn’t know what to say.
Lines formed on Will’s forehead. “Fine, I’ll let it go for now. But damn it, I want answers!” He was trying to yell again and then winced with pain. By the angry glares he was throwing around, he wasn’t finished with the conversation. It was understandable since everyone in the room had lied to him for weeks.
“Was it James?” Nate asked Will.
Will sighed, rubbing his face with his hand. A look of guilt and sadness crossed his features. He nodded, trying not to speak.
“Why did he do it?” Nate asked gently.
“He said he wanted to take back what was owed to him,” Will whispered softly, but we all heard him. 
“What does that mean?” Lauren asked.
“Money,” Nate mumbled. “Your father is the head of the family right now. If he’s killed, someone can take over.”
“Who?” I asked, shocking myself. I hadn’t intended to speak at all, just listen.
Nate turned to me. His face held a serious expression, but his eyes twinkled. He was thinking about our time in the hall. My breath caught, and I knew he heard it. 
“In the old will, it was James,” Nate said.
“Who’s James?” I asked.
Nate sighed heavily. “He is my nephew and Will’s cousin.”
“He’s the guy I was telling you about,” Lauren explained.
Oh right, Nate’s nephew who had also been turned by Charlotte. I nodded in understanding, willing myself to keep quiet. I lifted my leg up on the cushioned bench, and jiggled my foot, suddenly feeling restless.
“I knew it was James that was looking into that file,” Nate said, shaking a clenched fist in front of him. 
“Maybe he’s working with Emma?” Will suggested, earning a growl from Nate. I couldn’t see his eyes, but I knew they were yellow. 
“I told you not to speak of her,” Nate’s voice was a snarl, making me wonder who Emma was and why he didn’t want to talk about her. I could tell Lauren was just as curious. She opened her mouth as if to ask a question, but Joe laid a hand on her knee, shaking his head to silence her. There was definitely something going on here, and I was determined to find out what it was.
“Are all the wills in that file?” Joe asked, glancing from Nate to Will.
They both nodded, but Will spoke softly. “Nate has the hard copies in his safe, but we have another problem.”
Nate’s head swung to face his nephew. “What now?”
Will pursed his lips. “Lionel called just before James appeared. The files were accessed, and all the recent wills were deleted. All that’s left is the one naming him next in line after me.” 
“So, if all the other copies are destroyed, that one will be valid?” Joe asked.
Will winced. “Yes, and in that will, my father was in control with me as his successor. James was next in line. With me gone, he can take control of half the company.”
“But that can’t happen right, because we have the original wills?” Lauren asked as she fiddled with the pendant on her necklace.
“Right,” Will answered, the lines on his forehead forming a permanent etch on his skin. 
“Are you sure?” I blurted and then scolded myself for doing so. I was supposed to stay silent. I wanted to listen, not talk.
Everyone in the room turned to me. “What do you mean?” Nate asked, fidgeting with a throw pillow.
“Well, have you looked at them lately? I can’t see why James would try to kill Will if he didn’t have access to them. What good would that do, if you have the originals?” I paused, and tilted my head in thought. “You were gone from the cottage for days searching for us, and Charlotte was there alone after she knocked Lauren and me out.”
All at once all the eyes staring at me bugged out with alarm. Nate and Joe jumped up and raced to the front door. It slammed shut behind them.
If what I said was true, then the only thing between James and millions of dollars of Riley money—was Will. The atmosphere in the room was filled with tension as we waited.
They weren’t gone for long. And when they returned, we knew the answer before they spoke. Their faces told us what we needed to know. There was defeat and terror in their eyes, and it was directed at Will. As long as James had the original copies, Will was no longer safe.
Although I didn’t really know who James was, I could guess the situation. Lauren had told me a while ago about the consequences of not taking the secret of Nate well within the family. While we had to worry about Will, Nate’s half of the estate was safe in any version of the will. Even if he was killed, the money would go to Riley House. The other half didn’t have that loop hole, thus leaving the current head of the company vulnerable.
“They’re all gone. And there was no damage to the safe, so they didn’t force their way in. Someone must have found out the combination.”
“Do you think it was Charlotte?” I asked.
Nate shrugged, looking frustrated. “I don’t know when it happened, but it makes sense that it was when you were kidnapped. We were so distraught to find you two gone, we didn’t even notice if Charlotte’s scent went to the safe.” He shrugged. “And now the scent is gone.”
“What do we do?” Lauren asked, her voice quaking with fear.
He turned to her and sighed. “We guard Will at all times and send Nathan and Carolyn away, along with all the cleaning staff. I will not put them at risk.”
Will gave him a sharp nod. “I’ll call her and make it happen. I don’t want them caught in the middle either. Nathan still doesn’t know about werewolves, and I don’t want him finding out this way.”
Lauren and I sat down watching the three men take action. Will called Carolyn, Nate called Nathan, Lauren’s brother who was at his friend’s house, and Joe called the office telling Lionel—whoever that was, what had happened. He also asked him to get Richard to take over. Will would be working from home for the time being.
When they had all finished their respective calls, Joe and Nate went to search the house to make sure there were no more werewolves around. Will made a call while they were gone to have someone come out and fix the window. The air was warmer today, but even still, with the outside air blowing in the enclosed room, the office was chilly. Feeling useless, I stood up and wandered to the hall closet to fetch a broom. There was glass all over the floor, and Will could hurt himself if he stepped on it. So could we, but we’d heal right away.
“Thanks,” Lauren said, once I returned to my seat from cleaning the glass and putting the broom away.
“You’re welcome. I feel like I should be doing something, other than sitting here twiddling my thumbs.”
Will ended his call and turned to me. “You did enough. Thank you, Megan, for saving my life.” His face was so full of gratitude. I could feel my cheeks heat up.
Feeling embarrassed by his appreciation, I waved his words away and simply smiled. I didn’t know what to say.
“So girls,” Will whispered, leaning back in his office chair. “Will you please be honest with me, and tell me what happened on that island. How did you become werewolves?”
My face surged with heat. I couldn’t tell him the details. Lauren caught my look and took pity on me. She explained everything to him. I think she was tired of lying and felt the need to make it up to him. She didn’t gloss over anything. She ended the story when we were back on solid ground.
Will’s eyes resembled those bug eyed gold fish. His expression was filled with shock and what looked like gratitude to Joe for helping Lauren change without the excruciating pain. Once he regained his composure, he smiled sadly. “I’m so sorry that happened to you both. It must have been terrifying.”
I pressed my lips together, speechless. There were no words to express how horrifying our experience was.
Lauren was as quiet as I was, no doubt thinking of the wolves attacking us. As the memories flowed through my mind, I thought of Adrian and tried to think of the color of the wolves. There was a black one, but I couldn’t remember if it was aggressive to us. Was Adrian the one in the window appearing savage and hungry? I pushed that thought away and replaced it with the training he gave me that helped save Will’s life.
As we were lost in our thoughts remembering our time on that island, Will tilted his head, and his brow furrowed. “Why didn’t you react the way Lauren did?” he asked me. My stomach dropped down to my black sneakers. “Did you have trouble changing as well?”
I just gaped at him, not sure how to answer.
“No, she was already one, but she didn’t know it.” Nate’s voice cut through the room, making me jump. My stomach was queasy with apprehension, nervous about what was about to happen.
“How did she become a werewolf?” Will asked softly and winced. He really should be resting his voice, but after learning all he did, it was understandable to have questions.
“I bit her.” Those three little words fell out of Nate’s mouth like an anvil. They were so small, but carried so much weight. They changed me, him, and by the look on Lauren’s father’s face, Will himself. Rage and disappointment filled Will’s eyes, emotions I had never seen directed at his uncle before.
“You what?” Will gasped as he stood up to face Nate.
Nate’s expression was one of guilt, but also determination. He hated what he had done, but he also had to face the consequences. “I bit her the night before Charlotte kidnapped them. No one noticed because it takes a day or two for the werewolf DNA to travel through the body.”
“How could you!” Now Will’s voice held a desperation that brought a tear to my eye. He seemed even more upset than I had been, like a child learning that superhero’s powers were not real. I understood his reaction. That was how he saw Nate. He could do no wrong in his eyes. He had looked up to Nate his whole life, and now, Will realized Nate wasn’t perfect. “I never thought you’d hurt anyone.” His voice was now a raspy whisper.
Nate’s face had shown many emotions, but guilt was one he wore like a badge. And he wore it now, yet again. He took everything on as his fault. It was a wonder he could stand upright. “It was a mistake. I didn’t mean to do it.”
“Is that why Megan moved home?”
Nate nodded, but stayed silent, his face a mask, hiding his true feelings.
Will closed his eyes and took a ragged breath. In that moment Will’s image of Nate shattered. When he opened his eyes, he didn’t look at Nate, but he gazed at me. “I’m so sorry, Megan.” And with that, he stood up and left the room, closing the door behind him.
My heart broke again by the whole situation. Why couldn’t life be black and white? After what Nate had done to me, I should hate him, but seeing the despair in his eyes after Will’s reaction, how could I?
“He’s been through a lot, Nate. He’ll be fine,” Lauren assured him, breaking through the awkward silence.
Nate nodded and moved to the window gazing out at the night sky. No one spoke, not knowing what to say to make him feel better. How do you ease someone’s guilt when what they had done was so wrong? 
“Did your father call someone to fix the window?” Nate asked Lauren, his voice strained.
“Yes.”
The last few hours only added to my already stressful day, and my eyes began to droop. Relieved to have a reason to leave this emotionally charged room, I stood up. “I’m going to turn in early. Will I be staying in your room?” I asked Lauren.
“Yes. I’ll meet you up there.”
“Okay, goodnight.” I directed my words to everyone, but only Lauren and Joe responded with sad smiles. 
Nate stayed where he was, staring out at the window without acknowledging me at all.


 



Chapter Twenty-Five
One Step Closer

After borrowing one of Laurens t-shirts, I climbed into her soft bed. I was practically asleep when I hit her fluffy pillow. My emotions were in turmoil, and I welcomed the oblivion of sleep. I vaguely heard Lauren climb into the bed some time later. It was the good Nate I dreamed of this time. I yearned for him to kiss me as he hovered above me in my bedroom at home, but I always woke before that happened.
Today it was Will yelling that pulled me into consciousness. “No, Joe, he is not the man I thought he was.” 
Joe must have been trying to smooth things over between his two friends. I couldn’t imagine how Will would react if he knew Nate had killed twice in his long life. He had once asked me to keep it to myself, knowing how his family saw him, and after last night, I agreed with that decision. They obviously couldn’t take it.
I glanced around at my surroundings, not ready to get up. Lauren’s room was the same as it was when I first became her friend, larger than my own with colors of red and cream throughout. The smell of her vanilla scented candles permeated the air. It was a comfortable space, and any girl would want to spend time in it. I remembered the first time I had been here. It was a slumber party with her friends Ally and Lilly. I was nervous at first because they weren’t girls I normally hung out with, but they made me feel welcome, and I now called them friends.
I turned onto my side staring at her shelves attached to the wall. She had every movie imaginable. Spending the whole day up here watching my favorites and avoiding my life sounded ideal. Why shouldn’t I? I had no plans. My workouts were obviously over. I couldn’t trust Adrian; he had lied to me. I hadn’t had the chance to think that through with everything that had happened. But now that I did, I wasn’t convinced that Adrian was trying to hurt me despite his deceit. There was something odd going on. I couldn’t see Charlotte telling Adrian to help me and Lauren, and that’s what he had done. I went over every conversation we had together, and nothing he said could convince me otherwise. He told me to turn into a wolf often so I wouldn’t hurt people I love, which was the same advice Nate had given me. He also showed me how to fight to protect myself from other werewolves. This did not sound like someone that was working for Charlotte. Did he know something that we didn’t? Was Charlotte planning an attack, and he wanted me to be able to protect myself? I knew in my heart that he was good and that he was indeed trying to help me. Maybe he would know what James and Charlotte were planning for Will. Maybe he could help us. The idea of contacting him entered my mind, but I wasn’t sure if I should follow through. The fact was that he did lie to me. How could I trust him now, even though I really wanted to? Ugh! Another situation I couldn’t figure out. Why was life so hard? There were two men that I had trusted that had betrayed me—one that I loved deeply and the other that I considered a friend. I wanted to forgive both of them, but I was learning that forgiveness wasn’t always that easy.
Thankfully, Lauren groaned, interrupting my internal struggle. She was awake and would be able to distract me from my confusing thoughts. I turned around to find her staring at me.
“Are you feeling better this morning?” she asked, her voice was rough with sleep. 
“Do you mean, have I made any decisions? Then no. I’m still struggling to forgive Nate, even though he kissed me yesterday.” 
She sat up and gaped at me. “He kissed you?”
I nodded. “Yep, in the hall, after you told him I saved Will. He said he was proud of me.”
She ran her hand through her hair, pushing it out of her face. “That was before my dad’s reaction. I think it really bothered him.” Her eyes were sad. “I bet he could use the support of his fiancé.” Her point was obvious. She wanted me to talk to him, knowing he’d be still upset after last night. I wanted to, but what was I supposed to say, “Don’t feel bad for turning me into a wild animal? I’m okay with it?” I couldn’t lie to him, just to make him feel better.
I turned to face the ceiling. Her intense stare was giving me the creeps. “Who was it that told me a week ago that they understood why I couldn’t forgive him yet, and they would stop pushing me?” I didn’t look to see her response. I continued my perusal of the white ceiling. I was searching for a flaw, and the only one I could spot was a few lines that were left from the paint brush.
“Okay, that was me,” she admitted sheepishly. “But that was before my father’s reaction. He must really be hurting. My dad and Nate have always been so close.”
“That was pretty bad. Did he speak at all after I left?” I asked, finding another flaw, a faded spot the size of a quarter.
“Not really. Maybe a few grunts, when Joe tried to talk about James.”
An ache pierced my heart at the thought of the man I loved in pain. But there was nothing I could do to help him. “Where did they sleep?”
“In a spare room, but they took shifts guarding my father. Nate stayed up until Joe took over for him.”
“I heard Joe talking to Will about Nate. It didn’t go over well.”
She tapped the blanket, where her leg should be. “I feel bad for Nate, but my dad is crushed. Did you see his face?” Her voice took on the feelings inside her. You could tell she hated that two of the men she loved most in the world were not getting along.
“Yes. He looked like he someone told him Superman wasn’t real.”
She pointed at me. “Exactly. He’s always looked up to Nate. His voice was different when he spoke of his uncle. He was proud that Nate was a werewolf and yet the most giving man he knew. You could see it in his face when they talked. It was like hero worship, and in one second, that was shattered. I have never seen him so disheartened before in my life. I hope he can get over it.”
For some reason, I felt responsible for this riff between the two men. If I had forgiven Nate right away, maybe Will wouldn’t have reacted the way he did. “Maybe he’ll forgive him when I do,” I suggested, voicing my thoughts.
She was quiet. Out of the corner of my eye I could see her turn on her back, staring up at the ceiling, just like I was doing. “Do you think you’ll be able to?”
“I hope so.” My chest ached again, and in the last few weeks, it was an all too familiar feeling. “Because, I really miss him.” My voice broke on the last word, and a single tear fell down my cheek.
She turned her head slightly. “I know,” was all she said. And for some reason, it was exactly what I needed.
I cleared my throat, anxious to change the subject. “I’m thinking about calling Adrian.”
She leaned up, resting her head on her elbow. “Are you serious? He lied to you.”
I turned my head to face her. “Do you really think he wanted to hurt us? That he was working with Charlotte? You were there with me. Did he say or do anything that would make you think that?”
She sighed, her eyes looking down as she thought it through, her fingers picking at the blanket. After a few seconds, her eyes shifted up to peer into mine. “No.” She shook her head. “You’re right. It doesn’t make sense. All he did was help us.”
“I was thinking of letting him explain. He wanted to yesterday.” I paused, running my finger over the embossed rose on her red duvet. “Maybe he could help us with your dad.”
Her eyes widened with hope. “You think?”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. I mean, he lied, so it will be hard to trust him, but I’d like to give him a chance to explain.”
“How will you contact him?”
“I have his cell number. He gave it to me when we started the work outs.”
“Well, call him then.” Now that she agreed with me and thought it was a good idea, I suddenly felt nervous. “I’m going to shower first. Can I borrow some clothes?”
She lay back on the pillow, looking up again. “Sure, knock yourself out. I owe you anyway.”
I sat up quickly and then braced myself with my hands on the edge of the bed. Head rush. When my head stopped spinning, I stood up and opened her closet. “You have some of my clothes in here.”
“Yeah, I know. I always forget to return them.” There was laughter in her voice.
I smirked at her as I grabbed my gray jeans and my pink and orange striped hooded top. Tucking the clothes over my arm, I headed to her bathroom.
The hot water felt relaxing and soothed my mind of all my worries. Every whirling thought in my head disappeared as the water poured over me. I hated to turn the water off once I had rinsed out her guava conditioner. But I couldn’t stand in here all day, as much as I wanted to postpone my life, and what I planned to do next. I had decided during my shower to go see if Nate was okay, and then I was going to call Adrian. I wasn’t looking forward to either one, but knew it was something I had to do.
Twenty minutes later, I emerged from the bathroom, fully dressed with my hair dry and flowing down my back. I even added some makeup I had borrowed from Lauren. I felt refreshed and ready to face the day.
Lauren was sitting up in her bed, hunched over her cell, texting. From the grin on her face, I was guessing it was Joe.
“I’ll be right back.” I called out as I opened her door and headed into the hall. I heard her yelling, asking where I was going, but I didn’t want to tell her. It was complicated enough without her input. I needed to see him. He was on my mind, and I was worried about him. I followed his scent to the west wing, where all the guest rooms were located.
The Riley house was very different than my own family home. My mother kept ours up to date and modern, while the Rileys didn’t seem to focus on changing the interior at every whim. It always had a classic, timeless feel. The walls, tapestry, and even the artwork would be suitable for any time period. The furnishings never seemed to go out of style.
I knocked once before entering. He was in a large bed, buried under a navy blue blanket. All I could see was his messy pale blond hair, sticking up against the stark white pillow. His slow, deep breathing told me he was sleeping.
He looked so peaceful. I hoped he could stay like that because when he woke, life would return, and he’d go back to the tormented Nate he’d been the last few weeks. He had lived his life that way before he met me, but when we fell in love, I finally convinced him to let the past go and stop hating who he was. But after the night of our six month anniversary, he became that guy again who hated himself and everything he’d done. The weight of the world was heavy on his shoulders, and I yearned to relieve some of the burden, but I didn’t know how. 
I sank down into a royal blue, velvet antique chair situated in the corner of the room. I listened to his soft even breathing. It calmed me. It was a sound I had gotten used to over the last six months, and I missed it. When my eyelids threatened to close, a voice brought me back. 
“Why are you watching me sleep?” His voice was deep and groggy, muffled from the pillow.
“I wanted to see how you were.”
“Do you still care?” His question stung, mostly because it was something I would say to him. He never made me feel guilty for anything I had done or said. His constant patience was who he was, and what his family and I loved about him. But I guess after Will’s reaction, he had a right to act like everybody else. Before I opened my mouth to respond, he spoke again. “I’m sorry. That wasn’t fair of me.”
That was the Nate I was used to. “You don’t have to be sorry. You don’t always have to be so understanding. Be selfish and mean for once in your life like the rest of us. You’re not perfect, Nate, and you’re entitled to your feelings.”
He sighed as he sat up, turning to face me, leaning against the headboard. His smooth sculpted chest was bare, and I fought the urge to stare at it. “You always know how to make me feel better.”
“I just haven’t done it in a while.” 
He pressed his lips together. “No, you haven’t.” His gaze shifted to mine. “But I understand why.”
I smiled. “You’re doing it again.” I glanced away quickly as a blue jay shrieked past the window. With my new heightened sight, I could see the individual feathers on the wings as they fluttered by.
His sleep-filled eyes rounded. “What?” 
“Being polite and understanding.”
He shrugged. “What am I supposed to say?”
“Tell me what you really think.”
His eyebrow lifted. “About what?”
“About what happened that night.” I didn’t need to clarify; we both knew the night I was referring to. It was supposed to be a night we wouldn’t forget, and it was, but not for the reason we had wanted. “And about how you felt when I left you. Tell me your selfish thoughts. I know you have them—you are part human.”
He eyed me curiously. “Why?”
“Because what you said earlier was real. You said what you were feeling, without thinking first. And I’m not sure you’ve ever done that before.” I lifted my right shoulder dismissively. “At least, not since I met you.”
He leaned forward; his hands resting on his knees. With his arms bent his muscles appeared more defined. “I don’t want to hurt you. I’ve done enough of that.”
“You’re allowed to be selfish once in a while without thinking about the other person’s feelings.”
“I miss you,” he said softly, with hesitation.
“That’s being unselfish and real?”
“Yes, because by saying that, I put pressure on you, and I don’t want to do that. I want to give you the time you need to accept how things are now and forgive me. But I’m tired of that. I want you back. I miss your scent and the feel of your hair when it falls in my face in the night. I miss the sound of your breathing.” I smiled, hearing my own thoughts come back to me. “I miss everything about you. And I want you to finally forgive me so that we can go back to the way things were.” He paused taking a breath. “How’s that for being real?”
It was a lot to take in, and I would be lying if it didn’t make me feel guilty for dragging my heels. My stomach felt sick with my indecisiveness. But it also felt good to hear him express how he truly felt.
I couldn’t help but smile. “How did that feel to finally get it out?”
He scowled at me, a familiar look I hadn’t seen on him since we met. “It felt great not to have to dance around your feelings and be honest.” He glanced up at the ceiling. “Did it change anything? Are you ready to come back to me?” Thank God, he wasn’t looking at me, I couldn’t handle that.
I swallowed the lump that suddenly formed. “No, not yet. I’m sorry.”
His gaze lowered, levelling those intense blue eyes my way. He sighed. “That’s okay, but thanks for letting me be honest.”
“I wish you’d be that way all the time.”
He scrunched up his face in distaste. “It’s not how I was raised.”
I nodded remembering he grew up in the 1900’s. Things were different back then. We were quiet for a few minutes, and then I remembered what I was planning to do next. “I’m going to call Adrian.” My voice sounded loud in the silence.
He frowned. “I told you his scent was on the island. He’s with Charlotte.”
I folded a leg over my knee and jiggled my foot. “Then explain to me why he taught us to fight and gave me the same advice you would.” I paused, searching his face. “Why would he do that if he was working for Charlotte? I saved Will last night because of Adrian. He gave me the tools to protect myself and others. That doesn’t sound like the kind of guy who wants to hurt us.”
His face was thoughtful while he pondered my words. Finally, he nodded. “Fine, call him and see what he has to say.”
I stood up, and glanced down at him. “Can I be honest and real with you too?”
“Of course.” He braced himself for what he thought was a rant like his.
I smirked at him. “We both know I wasn’t asking permission to call him. I was going to do it anyway.”
He grinned. “Yes, I know. But let me have the fantasy that you were checking with me first for your safety.”
All I did was return his grin, and then I left the room feeling lighter. I hadn’t forgiven him yet, but I knew I was one step closer.

 



Chapter Twenty-Six
Adrian

I went to an empty guest room so I could have privacy. Lauren wanted me to call from her room but having her listening to every word would make me more nervous than I already was. Once I was comfortably seated in a chair next to the window overlooking the back patio, I texted him. If he were with Charlotte, I thought it would be safer than a phone call. 
Hi, was the only thing I could think of to start with.
He returned with the same greeting a few seconds later. 
I waited, hoping he’d take the bait, and explain without prodding.
He did, about a minute later. Will you let me explain now?
Go ahead, I typed.
Can we meet so we can talk in person?
I wasn’t sure about that. For all I knew, it was a trap for Charlotte to grab me again. 
Can I trust you?
He instantly replied, YES!!!
I took a few minutes to think it through before I answered. Fine, we’ll meet at Tom’s, but if I so much as smell another werewolf around, I will sic Nate on you. He’s just itching for a reason to kill you.
I promise, I won’t hurt you.
Be there in a half an hour. I instructed.
See you then.
I didn’t respond to that, just got up and headed downstairs.
I could hear Joe in the office, so I went in there. Joe was leaning back in a leather chair with his legs up on the coffee table. He was wearing a black denim button down and dark blue jeans. Nate was sitting next to him, freshly showered. His hair was still damp, and a long sleeved tan shirt was covering the bare chest I had seen earlier. The chest, that I could still visualize when I closed my eyes. Will was working away at his desk, trying hard to ignore his uncle. He glanced up when I entered and smiled so brightly that it lit up his face. 
“Good morning, Meg. How did you sleep?” His voice, which was a lot better after a night’s sleep, was dripping with cheer. I didn’t miss the flick of his eyes in Nate’s direction, as if Will’s being nice to me was a dig at his uncle.
Nate didn’t seem to notice. His focus was on me. His eyes were imploring.
“Good morning. I slept great, thank you. Could I borrow a car from someone?” I was going to ask Joe, but the Rileys had many cars at their disposal.
“Where are you going?” Nate asked. His jaw was clenched and his voice tense. He already knew the answer.
I contemplated lying, saying that I needed to head home to get some things, but I just couldn’t do that. “I’m going to meet Adrian so he can explain in person.”
I knew what Nate would say to this before he opened his mouth, and he didn’t disappoint me. 
“No.” 
The word felt so final, like he was the judge and I was on trial. Of course, that only made me more determined to go. Did he not know me at all? 
“You can’t stop me, and you know it.” I looked at Will. “Can I borrow a car?”
He glanced from me to Nate hesitantly. “I hate to say it, but I agree with Nate. Joe filled me in on this Adrian person. If he’s with Charlotte, then he can’t be trusted.”
Damn it. I nodded sharply, not in the mood to beg. “Okay then, thanks anyway.” The tone in my voice was indifferent as I spun on my heels and headed to the front door. The black heeled boots I had borrowed from Lauren clicked against the marble flooring in the foyer.
Thankfully, my coat was where I left it, lying over the bench next to the door. I put it on and reached for the door knob. A blast of cold air rushed in, and I felt a hand on my shoulder. 
Nate.
“Where are you going?” He asked, the same hard expression on his face.
“I told you, I’m going to meet Adrian.”
“How are you going to get there?” 
Folding my arms in front of me, I narrowed my eyes. “I’m going to walk or run. Now that I’m a werewolf, that would be faster, I suppose.”
He sighed heavily, dropping his hand from my shoulder, and gazed at me with a pensive expression—one that I knew well. “Fine. I’ll drive you. Where are you meeting him?”
“The diner, and no, you’re not coming. I don’t want you fighting with him. He’d probably win. He’s stronger than you, and he works out a lot.”
He quirked a brow and smirked condescendingly. “I can handle myself. But it doesn’t matter, I won’t go in. I’ll wait in the car, as long as I can see you.” 
There was no harm in that. We could sit at a table near the parking lot. “Fine,” I snapped as I stormed out of the house, heading to his car. I was tired of arguing about it. I just wanted to get this over with. I waited at the passenger door while he threw on his leather jacket and yelled to Joe to explain what we were doing.
As we pulled away from the house, I could see Lauren in the window watching us. She was smiling. I hated to break it to her, but this was not a date. Far from it. He was taking me to see another guy. 
The drive to the diner was awkward, Nate drove with his hands gripped on the steering wheel and his lips pursed in a thin line. It was as if our time this morning had never happened. When I could no longer stand the silence, I asked, “What is your problem?”
He turned his head a fraction in my direction. “What do you mean?”
“This morning we had a good conversation, and now you’re quiet and surly.”
His jaw locked as his eyes cooled considerably. “I don’t want you to do this. When I said you could talk to him, I meant on the phone.”
I gritted my teeth and turned in my seat to face him, my elbow dug into the leather seat. “I already told you that he won’t hurt me.”
“That’s not what I’m worried about,” he mumbled.
I stared at him wondering what he meant. His face stayed hard, giving away no emotion. Then it hit me. 
“Are you jealous?” I gasped, completely shocked by the idea.
His mouth went back into a firm line as he turned to me. “Maybe,” he finally answered after staring at me for a few seconds.
“You know I’m a werewolf, and you’re my mate right?” I explained, thinking how ridiculous he sounded. “I couldn’t be with anyone else as much as you couldn’t.” 
I actually liked that about who I was now. It would cut down on jealousy. I knew he would never look at someone else, just like he should know that I wouldn’t.
His expression softened as his face relaxed. “I know, but I’m not used to you being one of my kind. I forget sometimes. And he’s not mated, so he wouldn’t care if we are.”
I hesitated before speaking my next words, not sure if I was breaking a confidence. “Actually, I think he is. He hinted at it once. But I don’t think they’re together.”
His face relaxed. “Oh, okay then.” And just like that, his jealousy was gone. Werewolves were different from humans. A normal guy wouldn’t give up that easy, but since he knew what it felt like to be mated, the issue was over. Adrian couldn’t possibly have those kinds of feelings for me.
We were quiet for a few more minutes. He was focused on the road, while I looked out my window watching the city pass by. I tapped my finger on the door handle to the beat of the song that was playing on the radio.
“Can we spend some time together?” His voice surprised me. I had been so absorbed in the scenery and lost in the music.
“What do you mean?” I asked, turning to face him again as we passed a city park. Little kids were out skating on a boarded rink.
“I just don’t see how you will forgive me if we never see each other.” He paused as he stopped at a stop sign. “I noticed a change in you this morning, after our talk.”
It was true. When we were apart, all I dwelled on was what he did to me. But seeing him stirred something inside me. And I had to admit I enjoyed our conversation. 
“Sure.” My voice came out softer than I had intended. “We can spend time together.”
He smiled, the dimple popping out on his right cheek. “Great. How about we order take out, just the two of us, in the west library. Maybe we can watch a movie.” 
That was as much privacy we would get since he had to guard Will. It did like sound fun. We hadn’t really been alone in some time. Part of me was thrilled, and the other part was terrified. 
I only nodded my consent, suddenly feeling my heart leap in my throat. I swallowed, reassuring myself that it would be fine. I needed to do this if I was ever going to get past my anger.
Nate pulled into the lot, where there were only a few other vehicles and parked right up front. “Wave at me if there is any trouble. I’ll be watching.”
“Okay, but I’m sure I’ll be fine.” I opened my door and slid out. The smell in the air made my mouth water. Thankfully, the only werewolf scent I could smell was Adrian’s.
I saw Adrian already sitting at a table visible from where we were now parked. I waved at Nate before heading inside, moving straight for Adrian. The familiar smells of bacon and beef filled the air, except today there was an added smell of onions.
He glanced up at me when I moved the chair out. It squeaked against the linoleum floor. “Thank you for seeing me.” His voice held an edge of apprehension.
I sat down and crossed my ankles under the table, leaning my elbows on the wooden surface. “Go ahead, I’m listening.”
He opened his mouth and then closed it when Nicole headed our way. 
“What will it be? The usual?” she asked, glancing between us. I looked at my watch and saw that it was almost noon. Since we were here, why not? 
“Please. Actually, can I get two orders?” I thought of Nate sitting in the car waiting. “One to go.”
She nodded and looked at Adrian. “I’ll have the same,” he said and then smiled sheepishly, his dark eyes flashing with warmth. “Just one for me, though.”
She grinned before heading off to the kitchen.
Once she was gone, I silently glared at him.
He seemed to sink into the chair in a guilty position. “Okay, I admit it. I am part of Charlotte’s group. And I was on the island.”
Fury exploded inside me, and I opened my mouth to yell. But I calmed myself when I remembered where we were. 
“How could you do that? We were terrified,” I whispered loudly, my fury shifting to a low, simmering rage. 
He held up a hand. “Calm down and close your eyes.”
I understood his words. I had felt a slight vibration as my eyes changed color. I did as he said and took a few breaths, trying to soothe myself. I barely restrained my arms from shaking. The wolf inside wanted out to rip him apart for what he did to me. When I felt my eyes shift again, I opened them, waiting for him to continue. I glanced at Nate and saw him watching calmly. He must not have noticed my outburst.
“I’m so sorry. I hate Charlotte, but if I don’t do what she says, she’ll kill my sister.” I could see genuine fear in his eyes.
His answer was unexpected and left me dumbstruck—questions swirling around in my head. “What?” was all I could manage to say.
He took a deep breath and slowly let it out, his eyes shifting all around as if he was making sure we were not being watched. “Charlotte and James killed my parents. They broke into our home and stole all our valuables. She bit me and then knocked me out. I thought she had killed me too. But I woke up hours later with my hands tied. She explained that I was now a werewolf. She said she would take care of me and show me how great this life was. She said I would now live forever. I didn’t even really hear anything she said to me. I flipped out and tried to get out of my binds.” He stopped talking and gazed into my eyes, real fear shone from his dark brown depths. “My five year old sister had been asleep in her room, and I needed to get back to the house to see if she was okay. I managed to get my hands free, but James held me down. That’s when she told me that they had taken Marisa somewhere safe, and she would only stay that way if I joined her and James.”
My eyes widened with fear for his innocent sister that had been brought into such a crazy, terrifying world. “Why did she want you to stay with her so badly?” I whispered, no longer angry. The genuine anguish on his face dulled my anger. 
He smiled grimly. It was a look of defeat. “Money. My parents were wealthy, and as their oldest child, I would inherit everything. She agreed to keep Marisa safe as long as I stayed with them and kept signing checks over to her.”
“Do you know where she’s keeping her?”
He shook his head. “No. I lived in Philadelphia, so she must be there, but every time I try to leave to go search for her, Charlotte threatens to give the order to kill her.” His voice broke on the last words as he squeezed his eyes shut, as if the image of his sister’s death had flashed in his mind. “And now it’s been ten years. She lives in a good home, and by what Charlotte tells me, she’s being taken good care of and is happy. She wouldn’t even know me now.” The pain on his face was heartbreaking, and the rest of my anger fizzled by his explanation. He was just as much a victim of Charlotte’s as the rest of us.
Nicole returned with our food and a paper bag. Silence fell between us after his emotionally charged confession. I didn’t know what to say, and by the look on his face, I thought he might need some time alone.
I held the bag up. “Do you mind?” I asked, nodding to Nate outside.
Adrian shrugged. “Go ahead. Although, I don’t mind if he comes in.”
“That’s okay; I think he’s better where he is.”
When I handed the container to Nate, he smiled with a look of surprise on his face. It made me sad that my kindness had shocked him.
Back inside, I took a bite of my meal and waved my hand for Adrian to continue.
When he swallowed what was in his mouth, he began again. “Even though I stayed with them hoping to find my sister, I also needed to learn about what it was I had become. In my mind, werewolves only existed in books and movies, and now I was one. It turned out that my new pack wasn’t the best example to learn from. But I didn’t know any differently.”
I held my fork out silently counting the prongs, thinking his words through. “That was ten years ago?”
“Yes.”
“Have you killed anyone?” I asked with trepidation. Although I had asked, I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answer. Only a few minutes into our talk, and he had won me over again.
He nodded sharply. “As I told you, once. That was the truth. She made me do it. And I have been haunted with guilt ever since. So, as long as I do everything else she says, she won’t make me kill. Besides, it leaves more for the rest of them.” His face was filled with disgust at his last words. 
I took a bite of the beef and Yorkshire pudding, without really tasting it. “Are you telling me the truth?” I asked after swallowing.
He stared at me, his face earnest; the sadness that had shone in his eyes remained. “I swear that I am.”
Satisfied with his answer, I reached out and wrapped my hand around his and squeezed gently. I was really glad I had decided to come today. I didn’t want Adrian to be the evil person Nate and Joe had said he was. “Okay, I believe you. What happened on the island?”
He wiped his hand over his face. It was a nervous gesture, but the grief that had appeared was replaced with regret. “All she intended to do was scare you. The other guys might have tried to kill you if they actually got in, but that was her fault for creating murderers that couldn’t control themselves. She told us before we changed to make it look like we wanted to attack you. But if any of us harmed a hair on your heads, we’d have to deal with her.” He paused with a glance at Nate through the window. Nate was watching us, and his gaze never once faltered as he chewed. “I think she was afraid that Nate and Joe would retaliate if we killed their mates.”
They would have and still intended to. “Were you there when we changed into wolves?”
“No, I didn’t even know she turned you. She didn’t tell us until we were off the island.” He took a few more bites of his meal, while I thought about all he had said. 
I didn’t correct him about who made me a werewolf. He didn’t need to know. “Why did you help me adjust to this and teach us how to fight?”
He shrugged. “Because I felt guilty, and I didn’t want you to go through what I had. I would have loved if someone like Nate was there to teach me. Charlotte had us watching all of you. And I noticed that you moved away, separating yourself from the people who should be showing you.” He paused as he took a drink of his soda. “I thought it was because you were fighting what you had become. But since I’ve been through it all myself, I knew that your resistance would only backfire.”
I rubbed my glass with my finger, making designs in the condensation as I listened to his explanation. “She doesn’t know that you helped me?”
His eyes widened. “God, no. She’d kill my sister if she found out.”
I squeezed ketchup onto my fries, creating a swirling design. “Yes, she probably would.” Cramming a couple of fries into my mouth, I thought about his situation. I remembered him telling me that he didn’t need a job because his family left him money when they died. 
“She took your inheritance?”
He nodded, swallowing the last of his french fries “She said we all had to contribute. Which was true, I’m sure, but it was also another way to keep me there. Not that it matters—money doesn’t mean anything to me. I just want my sister safe.”
His words reminded me of something. “What’s the plan for Will?”
He grimaced as he tapped the tabletop anxiously. “I don’t know much. I’m supposed to be watching you guys most of the time, but I’ve heard a few things. Charlotte stole a bunch of documents from Nate’s safe when she took you and Lauren, and I guess one of them is a will stating that if Will dies, James takes over the company. They must be running out of my inheritance, and now they need another one.”
Dread sunk to the pit of my stomach. “So they are going to kill Will.” My voice was a whisper. Will had become the father I had always wanted, and I couldn’t let anyone kill him. It would devastate all of us.
“I think so.” His eyes were filled with apology.
I leaned forward, pushing my now empty plate to the side so I could lean my elbows on the table. The table creaked with my extra weight. “But, you don’t know if they have a plan, or anything?”
He shoved his hand through his short black hair. “No. I heard James telling her that he tried to kill Will, and a couple of werewolves stopped him. I assumed it was Nate and Joe.”
I grinned. “Nope. It was me. I kicked him in the head,” I lifted my hand and pointed to him. “Thanks to you.”
He smiled genuinely, his eyes lighting up the room. “Really?”
I ducked my head a little, embarrassed by his expression. “Well, Lauren got Will out of the way, but yeah, I stopped James from choking him.”
He leaned back in his chair and watched me silently for a few seconds. The expression on his face could only be described as awe. “I’m proud of you.” 
His praise filled me with happiness. He was my teacher after all, and I wanted to please him. When I thought about the life he had to go back to, I felt sad for him. I wished there was something I could to do to help. “Will you let me know if you hear of any more plans to attack Will?”
He gave me a firm nod. “Yes. I promise.”
When I finished my meal, I tossed enough money on the table for my half and pulled on my jacket. The fur collar tickled my neck. I wasn’t finished with Adrian, but I needed to talk to the rest of the group before I put my plan in motion.
He looked up at me with surprise. “You have to go?” There was sadness in his voice, and I ached for him. He didn’t have any true friends. That must be why he went to gyms and trained. It was an escape from Charlotte and her minions. I was familiar with the look on his face because I had seen it in the mirror for years when I was friends with Mandy and Jenny. I hated how they treated others and how they thought they were better than everyone else because of their families’ money. In some ways, they were just like Charlotte and her group, minus the wolf thing and the killing.
“Yeah,” I answered reluctantly. “I need to tell them what you said. I’ll be in touch again by phone. Will that put you in danger?”
“No, as long as it’s a text. My phone is on silent. They won’t hear it buzz.”
“Okay,” I turned to go and then spun around remembering something. “Where are you guys staying? Is it the cabin Lauren mentioned?”
He shook his head. “No, we haven’t been there in weeks. We moved to an old farm, outside of town. It’s on a small island with a bridge access.” That explained why their scents were hard to find. The water erased it.
I smiled and waved before pushing through the front exit. I felt bad for leaving him because he looked lost. And I knew why. He had no one in the world he could trust.


 

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Zombie Mama

“We have to help him,” I announced to everyone in the room after I explained what I had learned from Adrian.
“What do you want us to do?” Joe asked, reaching for Lauren’s hand where they sat on one of the leather sofas in the office.
“I don’t know. Maybe you can talk to Charlotte and get her to tell him where Marisa is.” My answer was directed at Joe, and then as his eyebrows scrunched, contemplating my words, I turned to Nate and Will. “And maybe give him a place to stay and some resources to help him search.”
Will leaned back in his office chair, springs squeaking in protest. His fingers were steepled on his lap. It was his favorite thinking position. 
“Let me get this straight. He helped Charlotte kidnap you and Lauren and terrorized you both while you were on the island. Furthermore, he’s been following us and reporting our movements to Charlotte, and you want to help him?” I couldn’t miss the dripping sarcasm in his voice.
“He didn’t help Charlotte kidnap us! And you’re forgetting that he taught us how to protect ourselves,” I added pointedly at him. He knew I wouldn’t have been able to fight James off if it weren’t for Adrian. “And Charlotte made him do those things. He has also given me information to help save your life.”
“His info isn’t that helpful. We already knew they wanted Will dead,” Joe added, with a slight shrug of his shoulders. 
I narrowed my eyes at him. Why was no one willing to help Adrian? He was a guy who had been hurt by Charlotte as everyone in the room had been. We of all people should understand and sympathize with him. He went along with her to save his sister’s life. 
“As I recall, you also ran with her, did you not?” I asked pointedly at Joe, my face smug.
Joe scowled. “Yes, for a year, but I left. He’s been with her for ten.”
“She has his sister stashed somewhere and threatens to kill her when he tries to leave.” I shot back defending my new friend. I squeezed the leather arm rests on the chair I was sitting in, agitated by their lack of sympathy.
“We have enough problems. We don’t need someone else’s,” Will added, his voice tense.
This was not going as I’d hoped. 
I raised my hands in defeat. “You just want to leave him to suffer with her group of minions? What kind of life is that?”
“If he wants to change, he can leave her. I did.”
I frowned at Joe. “Do you honestly think she’s going to let him go? She’ll kill him and his sister. Who is an innocent child, by the way. You’re Charlotte’s brother, and it’s the only reason she didn’t kill you.”
“That’s another reason we should stay out of it,” Will commented. “We can’t risk our lives to save him. We don’t even know him.”
I felt like I was talking to my old stuck-up friends who would rather run from the fire then stay and help. “Are you serious?” I asked him, shocked by his words.
“I’m sorry about his sister, and you’re right she’s an innocent victim of Charlotte’s sick and twisted mind. But I won’t risk my daughter.” He paused taking a deep breath. “Or you, for that matter. I’ve come to think of you as my third child, and I won’t let anyone hurt my children.” He stared at Nate as he finished his sentence. The tension in that stare was palpable.
Things had been civil between the two since this morning, but apparently, he was still upset with Nate. My heart warmed at some of Will’s words though. I had never really had a real father, and I was happy that he thought of me that way. My arguments died on my lips. But it turned out, I didn’t need them.
“Once we settle this problem with James and kill Charlotte, we’ll help him find his sister.” It was Nate speaking, and his voice held the authority of head of the family, and his one hundred and some odd years. No one would argue when he spoke like that. I’d seen his nephews go silent when he used that voice.
Joe sat up, his face hard. “I told you we can’t kill her.”
Will had been staring at Nate, looking like he wanted to argue, but at Joe’s statement, he spun to face him. “You have to kill her!” His voice was definitely better than last night, but it was still a bit frail sounding, and when he yelled, it went raspy.
Joe’s face went red, and he dropped Lauren’s hand. “She’s my sister.”
“And look at what she’s done and what she’ll continue to do if we don’t stop her.” 
Nate sat back in the chair next to mine and let them argue, a satisfied look on his face. He was enjoying their argument. Why? I didn’t know.
Joe ran his hand through his unruly auburn hair in frustration. “I talked to Stephen. He said he’d take her and lock her up. He’ll keep her until she changes her ways.”
“Why would he do that?” Lauren asked, breaking her silence.
“He’s the Alpha of the Pack; they monitor werewolves like her and stop them from killing.”
That answered my question on who Stephen was.
Will’s fist pounded the desk with a loud thump. The coffee he had been nursing sloshed on the oak surface. “That isn’t enough. We can’t risk her getting away from him. She’s done too much to my family.”
Joe opened his mouth to speak and closed it, and then he smirked. “Fine. We kill her, but we also kill James.”
A silence fell upon the room as Nate and Will froze. It was obvious they didn’t want to do that. With the Rileys, family was everything, even the ones that were disinherited. They wouldn’t want them harmed.
“That’s what I thought. Why is it okay to bloody well kill my sister, but not the man who wants you dead?” Joe’s words were hard to understand through his thickening accent.
Nate and Will exchanged glances. “We don’t have to figure it out right now.” Nate said standing up and facing all of us. “I’m going to patrol the property, and then I have a few things to do.” He gave me a pointed look. I couldn’t help the blush that appeared on my cheeks. 
When he disappeared out the door, Lauren raised a brow at me in question.
My only answer was to shrug.
The atmosphere in the room became awkward, and I decided it was time to go up to Lauren’s room to call Mona. I didn’t go home last night, and I hadn’t talked to her since yesterday morning.
No one acknowledged my exit as they continued with their strained silence. 
The phone rang once before Mona picked up. “Let me guess. You’re back with Nate.”
No hello, or are you okay? That was my Mona, and I loved her. 
“Yes, I’m alive. I’m so sorry I worried you.” I could be just as sarcastic as her.
She scoffed. “Oh please, I don’t worry about you. That boy of yours wouldn’t let anything happened to you.” If she only knew.
“I think you like him more than I do.” I sat down on Lauren’s sofa and lifted my sock covered feet onto her coffee table. I wiggled my toes and stretched out.
“Just be thankful I’m not twenty years younger.”
I laughed as I ran my finger along the soft material of the armrest, making designs on the upholstery. “Twenty? Please!” I scoffed playfully.
“Is there a reason you called or did you just want to insult me?” I could hear Ben’s laughter in the background. He had always gotten a kick out of our back and forth banter.
“Nope, I just called to insult you.” I couldn’t stop my own laughter from sneaking out. Leave it to Mona to cheer me up. “I’ll be here for a few more days,” I said once I sobered.
“Oh, just move back with him and get it over with. You’re happier there, and you know it.”
“Are you trying to get rid of me?”
“Of course I am. I don’t have enough food here for you.”
A snort snuck out. “Well, on that note, I’m going to say goodbye.”
“Love you.” Her words were laced with warmth.
“Love you too.”
When I hung up, I sprawled out on the soft cushions and smiled, feeling happy after our phone conversation. I must have drifted off, because I woke to someone poking me. I smelled his scent before I opened my eyes to see his crooked smile. I caught myself just as I was about to yank him toward me and wrap my arms around him.
“Hi,” I said instead of indulging in the impulse.
“Hi,” His eyes sparkled. “Did you have a nice rest?”
I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. “I guess so.” I felt groggy and confused.
He held his hand out, and when I wrapped mine around it, his warmth spread down my arm. He yanked me up onto my feet until we stood just inches apart. His scent was intoxicating. I took a breath and stepped back, promising myself I wouldn’t rush it. I was afraid to freak out if he pushed me too far, and I think he realized that. 
“Are you ready?”
The only answer I gave was a small smile, feeling suddenly nervous. I followed him to the west library, and when he pushed the door open, I gasped. Not because of the fire roaring in the stone fireplace or the apple scented candles that were lit throughout the room. Not even because of the happy bouquet of daisies in the center of the coffee table. I gasped because situated around the flowers were finger foods—my favorite foods before I turned into an all-meat-eating-werewolf. There were nachos and cheese, mini egg rolls, garlic knots and marinara sauce, cheddar cheese balls, and my favorite—mozzarella sticks with lots of sour cream. There was even some meat for him. Some of the anger I felt for him faded by the fact that he had gone to all the trouble to make this special for me. 
“Thank you,” I whispered as my heart fluttered.
He stepped inside and picked up a bunch of DVD’s. “I also got your favorite movies.”
“Is that Zombie Mama, One. Two. and Three?”
He nodded, with a wide grin.
I loved old cheesy horror flicks, and for some reason, the zombie ones were the worst. They made me laugh more than a comedy. Only Nate would know that I would need some laughter to cheer me up. Life had turned too serious and depressing. 
I took the copies in my hand and grinned at the covers. A zombie mom was holding a baby that was covered in zombie makeup. The makeup was so obviously fake, it was comical. 
“Thank you.” I looked around the room. “For everything. It looks great.”
He simply shrugged and sat down in front of the food.
I joined him and picked up my plate, loading it with food. There was music softly emanating from the speakers, and as I sat back chewing on the mini eggroll in my mouth, I glanced around the cozy room. Two of the walls were all shelves, filled with books. The far one held a massive stone fireplace, and the last one showcased a large bay window and window seat. The soft burgundy cushion looked inviting. I imagined curling up against the window with a throw blanket and a book to read the day away. Escaping into a fantasy world where I could forget all of my problems. Even the smells in the room were comforting. The mix of smoke from the fireplace and the musty scent from the books made me feel at home. 
“It’s such a warm and inviting room,” I observed. “I’ve never been in here before.”
“Yeah, it’s not used a lot, but it’s my favorite.”
“You know, I never asked, but what part of the house was originally your family’s?”
He swallowed the drink of soda and placed his soda can on the table before grabbing a chicken wing. 
“It was a two story house with the main sitting room, the office, which was my parents’ room, a kitchen, and three bedrooms on the second floor. There are only a couple rooms that weren’t touched in the renovation. It was a pretty big house for the time.”
I thought about the rooms he mentioned, trying to picture them with furnishings for the time period. When I couldn’t, I took a mozzarella stick and dipped it in the sour cream before taking a bite. 
“Why are there so many wood piles at the cottage? I noticed them yesterday when you brought me back.”
Nate’s face flushed. “Oh, uh…when I’m upset, or stressed, I find that physical activity helps clear my mind.”
“Okay, what does that have to do with the wood?”
“Well, the activity I usually turn to is splitting wood.” He looked down at the nacho chip in his hand. “When you left, I needed a distraction or I would have gone crazy, so I decided to chop some fire wood.”
I gaped at him as his words sunk in. Some fire wood. There had to be five huge piles out there. “For the whole town?” I asked, the shock clear in my voice.
He chuckled softly, the glow from the fireplace dancing in his eyes. “I might have gone a tad overboard.”
I snorted. “That’s an understatement. Well, since we’ll live forever, we’ll never run out of firewood.” A small smile played at my lips. I felt relaxed and quite a bit lighter in this room.
He smiled, his eyes filled with love.
“What?” I asked, unsure what brought on the change of his expression.
“You made it sound like we’d be together all that time.”
I blushed. “Well, we are mated. Just because I’m upset with you now, doesn’t mean that I always will be.” I smirked, giving him a sideways glance. “I’m sure in fifty years; I’ll forgive you for taking away my humanity.” His face fell. Guilt and pain plowed into my stomach. I had meant the words to be playful, and the humanity part slipped out.
The agony that shone in his eyes so much since he bit me returned. “I don’t know how I’ll ever forgive myself.”
The fun, casual atmosphere died away in an instant, and I didn’t know how to retrieve it, so I muttered the only thing that came to mind. “Who’s Emma?” 
By the look on his face, they were the worst words I could have uttered. 
“I’m sorry. I was just curious. I had never heard the name before.”
He sat silently, watching the flames in the fireplace. He didn’t speak for a few minutes, and I didn’t know what to do, so I ate, trying to avoid looking at him. He seemed like he needed privacy—should I leave? Just as the thought crossed my mind, he opened his mouth to speak.
“She was a cousin of Will’s, the youngest of that generation. She was the most like my youngest sister Mary. So much so that I would have said it was her ghost returning.” He paused, a faint smile appeared on his lips. “I’d be lying if I said she wasn’t my favorite. And I was hers. She looked up to me and followed me around like a lost puppy. She wanted to be an artist, and she was really good. Her father refused to let her go to art school. He wanted her to go into the business, like most in the family did. She was his only child, and I think he wanted to ensure they’d be included in the will. Sometimes, greed can bring out the worst in people.” He stopped talking, staring at the fire, as if the images in his head were playing out in there.
“She sounds lovely,” I remarked, hoping to get him to continue. I was fascinated by the story.
He nodded. “She was. I got her into the school of her choosing and told her father not to worry; their standing in the family wouldn’t be affected if she wasn’t in the business. He finally agreed and let her go. She was immature for her age. She saw life as a child would, and it took until she finished college for her to be finally ready to learn the secret about me. Her father told her on a full moon night, and she took it well. We had such a close bond that nothing about me could change her mind.” His face went white. The story was about to take a dark turn. “She rushed to my cottage to tell me that she didn’t care what I was—until she saw me. She caught me mid-change, and as you know, that’s not a pretty sight. First of all, I was naked, and hairs had grown along my body, and my limbs were just starting to bend and shape. It must have been a hideous sight. I wasn’t old enough to stop my change, so I couldn’t go after her when she took off screaming.”
I was horrified for that girl. The way he described her, it must have been terrifying to see him that way. When I saw him change for the first time, it happened so fast, and he was so far away that I didn’t see much, but even that had frightened me. I couldn’t imagine how this girl took it.
“When I turned back human, I went to find her. Her father told me that she left town and gave him a note to pass on to me. It said that she had been on her way to tell me that what she had learned didn’t matter, until she saw what a freak I really was. If I came after her, she’d hurt me.” He laughed darkly. “Even then, she couldn’t threaten very well.”
It did sound like something a child would say, but I could see that she had succeeded in her threat. The pain was still in his eyes after all these years.
“She hurt you, didn’t she?”
He attempted to smile, but what he accomplished just made him appear even sadder. “She just proved to me what I had always known.” He gazed into my eyes, and the agony in them tore at my heart. “I’m a mon—” 
I stopped him from saying the word he always used to describe himself by placing a finger on his lips. He breathed deeply and kissed the pad of my finger softly. That simple gesture changed the atmosphere in the room, energy crackled around us. I sucked in a breath as he leaned forward. I thought he was going to kiss me, but instead, he just hovered inches away from my mouth, barely touching. His breath was hot as it caressed my lips. He moved slowly, our bodies never touched—the heat that emanated from each of us felt like a furnace. My breathing grew shallow and a tightness began in my stomach. He bent down, his breath reached my neck, and I felt goose bumps rise along my skin. It was crazy that I was having trouble breathing by simply being so close to him; the non-touching was more sensual than the actual feel of his hands on me. Somehow by avoiding it, our touch seemed almost forbidden. 
Hours later, or it could have been seconds, my mind had turned to mush so I had no idea how much time had passed before his lips finally made contact. While I wanted his mouth on mine, he continued to tease me by spreading tiny kisses along my chin, leading to my ear. I moaned when he nuzzled on my earlobe. His tongue ran down my skin, just below my ear. My heart began to beat faster, my breathing was hollow. He felt so good; I didn’t want him to stop. “I love how you taste,” he whispered in my ear, his hot breath giving me goose bumps once again as he continued his journey.
When his tongue slid over the curve of my neck, everything went still. The image of sharp teeth and blood flooded my mind, and I yelped, jumping up off the couch. The remorse shining in his eyes cleared my mind of the image, but the damage was already done. I felt so bad for my reaction. After he told me about Emma, I wanted to make him feel better, but instead, I only made it worse. His face was unreadable, a mask he used to keep me at a distance. I hadn’t seen the expression since we first met when he was fighting his feelings for me.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“It’s fine. I understand.” His voice was void of emotion, mirroring the look on his face.
We didn’t have time to discuss it more, because the library door opened, hitting the shelves filled with books behind it with a thump. I blinked, surprised to see Adrian standing in the doorway, with Lauren behind him. 
“I need your help,” he said desperately.
“With what?” I asked, gazing at Nate, still worried how my reaction would affect him.
“Charlotte has my sister, and she’s going to kill her.”
Dread washed over me in a wave of exhaustion. I was so tired of werewolf drama. Would we ever have a normal life where girls were not kidnapped, and men didn’t bite your neck without permission? 
“How? I thought she was in Philadelphia.” I asked, worried for him. I knew he must be frantic because I knew how much he loved his sister.
He shrugged. “I don’t know how, but I know she’s here.”

 



Chapter Twenty-Eight
Deception

“How do you know she’s here?” I asked. The idea of bringing his poor sister into our crazy life was unacceptable. We had all gathered in the office and were standing around Adrian, waiting for his answer.
Adrian’s shoulders slumped. “I don’t know. When I got home from the gym, I scented her in the house. I raced around looking for her, but she wasn’t there. Charlotte came out of her room, told me she had her locked up, and was going to kill her once and for all.”
“Why?” I asked, anxiety flowing through my body. “Why would she kill her?”
“She won’t. She’s just trying to scare him. She must want him to do something for her, and this is her way of controlling him,” Joe suggested from where he was standing behind me and Nate.
Nate nodded, agreeing with the statement.
“We have to go get her!” Adrian moaned, glancing around at each of us. The desperation in his face was heartbreaking.
“He’s right. We have to help. His sister is innocent in all of this.” Lauren agreed, taking Adrian’s side.
“Calm down, Lauren,” Will said, pushing past the rest of us to get to her. “You can’t just rush over without a plan.” He turned to Adrian. “Where’s this house?”
While Adrian gave them the directions, I wandered over to the windows, feeling anxious and a tad claustrophobic from standing in the midst of the frantic discussion. I was terrified for his sister. She had been so young when her world was torn apart. Assuming she was with a good family as Charlotte had said, did she know about werewolves? And if not, to learn this way would be shocking.
Everyone in the room was talking loudly. Lauren became Adrian’s advocate, now that there was a child involved. She was ten years older now, but still. The girl must be terrified. The others were calmer than Lauren, trying to soothe her. I suddenly needed fresh air to clear my head. I pushed the window open and sighed, closing my eyes when the cold air hit my face. My lids popped open as a scent drifted to my scenes. 
“WEREWOLF!” I screamed.
Everyone froze and turned to me except Nate. He dove in front of Will just as a shot rang out. Blood poured out of his chest as Joe and Adrian rushed to the windows. Adrian jumped out of the now broken window to chase the other werewolves that were surrounding the house. 
“Is it silver?” Joe asked as he hesitated at the opening.
“No, it’s lead,” Nate grunted with pain. Joe nodded and jumped to help Adrian. The sound of growling and fighting drifted through the open screen. 
I rushed to Nate, lifting him up as Lauren dragged a stunned Will to the back of the room.
“Are you okay?” I asked Nate. The smell of his blood was overwhelming, and my stomach turned as I fought the urge to vomit. He sat on the edge of a chair looking down at the widening red spot on his chest.
He nodded, as he peeled off his shirt. I watched in awe as the bullet literally pushed its way out of his chest. The blood was the only evidence that he had been shot.
He yanked at his pants and rushed to the window. “Stay here,” he ordered, before he jumped out. He leapt into the air and exploded into his wolf form, diving onto the back of a brown wolf who was attacking Adrian. Joe was fighting the other brown one. Charlotte and James just stood watching the fight. James was focused on the window with a gun in his right hand. It was lowered but ready to make another shot at the first sight of Will. He wanted to get in the house, and he was waiting for the brown wolves to clear the way. By the look on his face, he wasn’t going to let two failed attempts stop him from getting what he wanted; he was determined. 
“Where’s the gun?” I yelled to Will. We needed protection from this psycho.
Will was standing behind Lauren, watching the scene outside. “It’s in my safe,” he called out. “I’ll get it.”
“Get down! James is waiting for you to show yourself.”
Will crawled behind the desk, and by the sound of beeping, he was putting in the code. The door popped open, and he tossed me the gun. With my new reflexes, I caught it easily. I wished I had thought to practice target shooting as part of my training. The last time I shot a gun, I couldn’t hit my target.
“What’s going on?” Lauren hissed loudly from her position of guarding Will who had returned from the safe.
I focused on the fight outside and held the gun out the window, prepared to help in any way I could. But I didn’t need to. Both brown wolves were now lying on the ground in a pool of their own blood. 
“Two of the other wolves are down,” I called out as the growls stopped outside.
“Charlotte and James?” Lauren asked hopefully. 
I shook my head no and watched the scene outside.
Joe turned back to a human and held up his hand to me when he saw me with the gun. I tossed it to him looking him strictly in the eye. He used the gun to finish off the brown wolves. The two loud booms echoed through the air. With two of the werewolves out of the way, Joe pointed the gun at Charlotte and James. They were now surrounded by Adrian and Nate in their wolf form. Charlotte and James were eyeing the wolves as if they were contemplating trying to make a run for it. But by the way the wolves were glaring at them and growling, they wouldn’t have much of a chance at escape. 
“Drop the gun, James, and step into the house. Both of you.” Joe’s voice was a command, but neither of his targets moved. He pulled the trigger and hit James in the shoulder. James howled, the noise sounding like a dying animal. Blood dripped from the wound, and the gun in his hand fell to the ground. Nate moved to stand over it. It was all he could do without opposable thumbs. 
“MOVE!” Joe yelled, louder this time.
“Joe,” Will said in a warning tone from next to me. I was so engrossed in the scene in front of me, I didn’t sense his approach. 
“Shut up, Will. Let me handle this,” Joe barked back at him, never taking his eyes from Charlotte and James. 
James was the first one to step toward the house and climb though the broken window as he pushed his hand over the hole on his left shoulder, right above his heart. Blood leaked out between his fingers, streaking down his hand.
Nate growled, showing his crimson fangs to Charlotte as she took a step in the direction of the woods that surrounded the property. She froze as he stalked towards her. His yellow animalistic eyes were filled with hate. She glanced at him and then at Adrian who was stalking her from the other side. You could see she was starting to realize that she wasn’t getting out of this, not with two wolves right at her heels. She could never outrun them, and by the look of defeat in her eyes, she knew it. 
“Fine, Joey, I’ll come in. Thank you for asking so nicely.” Her voice was dripping with politeness as if Joe had just asked her to tea.
“Next time, don’t try to kill my friend, and I’ll send you an invitation,” he muttered dryly.
She stepped through the window, one high heel at a time. She was wearing a pair of painted on black jeans and a black leather coat. She sauntered over to stand next to James and then smiled brightly at all of us. Her gay eyes were so much like Joe’s. It was the only resemblance I could see, besides the similar hair color.
Once they were all inside, Lauren stepped up to Joe and handed him a pair of jeans. She must have slipped out and gotten them. I hadn’t noticed her leave. He handed her the gun as he put the pants on.
Nate jumped into the window behind me with Adrian following; both of them were fully clothed. Nate had told me often that he had clothes stored all over the property. Since he was a werewolf, he never knew when he’d need them.
“Where is Adrian’s sister?” Nate asked Charlotte.
She laughed. “How should I know?”
Adrian pushed past me, brushing my arm with his. He stood right in front of her, blocking my view with his broad shoulders. He smelled of fresh, crisp air and chocolate. I shifted to the side so I could see. 
“You said you have her,” he roared, the panic in his voice rang out loud and clear.
She reached out and patted his cheek. “Oh, dear boy. That was just a way for you to distract these people, so James here.” She gestured with a perfectly manicured finger to James who was trying to dig the bullet out with his fingers. “Could take back what was supposed to be his.”
Adrian blinked. “But I smelled her.” His voice had softened, and now instead of fear or anger, his tone was edged with confusion.
Her grin was so cold it could freeze the hot blazing sun. “No. You smelled the shirt I had sent to me from a contact in her hometown.”
Relief settled over my bones, making me breathe for the first time since Adrian showed up.
“Where is she?” he growled between clenched teeth.
“Do you really think I’m going to tell you and just let you walk away? After I found out you’d been meeting with her.” She pointed at me. “I knew you needed a reminder that a human life is fragile. You betrayed me. If your sister was here, she’d be dead right now.” She lifted a shoulder. The expression on her face was pure boredom. “Sure, I could give the order, but it would be much more entertaining to do it in front of you.”
A low growl came out of Adrian’s chest as he lunged for her, his teeth lengthening and his eyes turning yellow. 
Joe grabbed him and shoved him to the back of the room. “I’m sorry, Adrian, we understand how you feel,” Joe said to him, glancing at Lauren and me. “But we need to settle some things.”
Nate stepped closer to face his nephew. He was now wearing a simple black t-shirt and faded blue jeans. “James, you cannot kill Will.”
At that moment, James pulled the bullet out of his chest with a roar and let it drop with a plunk. It rolled on the floor until it hit the wall by the window and left a tiny red line in the shiny oak surface. James’ face was showing pain and then disgust when he turned to Nate. 
“If I get out of this, I will not stop until you are both dead. You ruined my life.” He pointed a bloody finger at Nate.
“Then you have to die.” Nate’s voice held so much pain; it hurt me to hear it.
“No,” Will gasped.
Nate’s head spun on his other nephew. “Will, he won’t stop. He’ll be like Charlotte, hunting us for the rest of our lives. He lives for revenge, like her.” He nodded to the woman that had made so many people suffer.
I could see the fight go out of Will as he finally agreed. And so did James. 
While all of our attention was on Will, James shoved Charlotte into Joe, who still had the gun. It fell to the floor with a thump, and everyone scrambled for it. It hit my shoe, and I picked it up, whirling around to point it at James just as he jumped up, about to dive through the window. I pulled the trigger without thinking. There wasn’t time for that, he was escaping. The sound of the gun shattered my eardrums, and the impact pushed me into Nate, who reached out to steady me. James’ body slumped onto the jagged broken glass, and more blood oozed out of him. 
Joe rushed forward, looked him over, and then gazed at me. “Directly into the heart.” That shouldn’t have made me happy since I had just taken a life, but since the last time I shot a gun had gone horribly wrong, I couldn’t help but be proud of myself. It felt good saving lives. Joe reached inside James’ denim jacket and pulled out an envelope.
“What is it?” Will asked.
“The wills from Nate’s safe,” he replied after he sifted through the contents. 
Charlotte didn’t even spare a glance at James lifeless body. Her face became calculating. “Listen, I understand why you wanted James dead. He tried to kill…this human,” she said, looking at Will with revulsion. “But all I did, was make your mates immortal. You should be thanking me!” Her voice was shrill, filled with desperation. 
Was it wrong that I enjoyed seeing the fear in her eyes as she glanced at each of us? She was looking for someone who she could wrap around her little finger, like the minions that were just killed. Finally, she settled on her brother as he strolled over, handing the envelope to Lauren, and then taking the gun from me.
We all watched as he walked toward the windows silently gazing out at the night, flipping the revolver end over end in his hand. He was quiet for some time. The silence stretched in the room as we all stared at his back. Charlotte was surrounded by us, and she had no way of escaping. Finally, he turned back around and gazed at his sister, holding the gun, barrel facing the floor. 
“You want us to thank you for kidnapping our girlfriends and terrorizing them? For giving them your DNA without their knowledge, so they had no idea what was happening?” he asked softly. The expression on his face could only be described as disappointment and regret. After all this time, he still cared for her.
She smiled at him, gaining more confidence as she clearly thought she had won him over. “I admit, it might have been a tad dramatic on my part, but all is well, right? No harm, no foul.”
I scoffed. “Do even know what Lauren went through?” I shrieked.
“Megan, don’t,” Lauren whispered behind me. 
I pressed my lips together, cutting off my next words. I didn’t know why she wanted that kept secret, but it was her business, not mine.
Charlotte eyed us curiously, but before she could say anything, Joe spoke. “Why is it that you find the need to terrorize others, big sister?”
The innocent look vanished from her flawless face as she took a few steps away from us. We didn’t stop her because there was no way she could get away. 
“It amuses me,” she said smugly with a lazy shrug of her shoulders.
Joe’s face fell, and he shook his head. “You know, I defended you. I told them that if I gave you over to Stephen that you would change. He could show you the proper way to live.”
The fear in her eyes was replaced with hope. “You defended me?” Her voice was filled with feeling, as if his sticking up for her meant so much.
His brow furrowed as his face washed with dread. “Of course I did. You’re my sister. I hoped that there was still some good in you. But after what you just said, I know you will never change.”
“I can change, I know I can.” She glanced at Nate. “I regret making you a werewolf. I didn’t know you would hate yourself so much.” 
There were more than a few exasperated sighs. No one was stupid enough to believe her. Actions spoke louder than words. “In fact,” she began, reaching into the inside of her coat. We didn’t get to hear the rest of her sentence, a loud boom, blasted throughout the room, making everyone jump—except Charlotte, she collapsed onto the floor, blood leaking out of her heart.
“Nooo!” Adrian shrieked rushing toward Charlotte’s body. He bent down and felt her pulse and then glared up at Joe. The rest of us did the same.
He was holding the gun out in front of him, smoke floated from the barrel.
“Why did you do that?” Adrian asked, his voice filled with defeat.
“She was pulling a gun out of her coat,” Joe said.
“A little warning would have been nice,” Lauren complained, holding her ears gingerly.
“She’s the only one who knew where my sister was.” Joe face washed with apology but didn’t respond to Adrian’s words. I stepped towards him and pulled him away from Charlotte’s body. 
“Don’t worry; she probably has her whereabouts somewhere in her belongings. You’ll find her.” I said, hoping to reassure him. He didn’t say anything, only sunk into a leather chair, and stared at the floor.
Nate’s brows drew together, ignoring the rest of us as he still focused on Joe, and then he leaned down to pat Charlotte’s chest. He stood up quickly. “There’s no gun.”
Sorrow clouded Joe’s face as what he did sunk in. “There wasn’t?” he gasped, guilt rang out clearly in his voice.
Nate stepped up to his friend, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. “No. But she needed to die. She would never change, you know that.” He turned to Adrian. “And Megan’s right. We’ll help you find your sister.”
Adrian smiled at Nate, relief flashing in his eyes. I’m sure he was relieved to be rid of Charlotte and also grateful to have friends who would help him finally get Marisa back. 
Joe nodded; his head hanging low, no doubt mourning the sister he couldn’t love and one he himself had killed. The room was silent with both shock and respect as the family members of the dead werewolves mourned in silence.
It was Nate that finally ended the quiet. “Lauren, why don’t you take Joe and your father into the living room, and pour them a drink. I’ll take care of the bodies.” And by take care, he meant burying them where they wouldn’t be found. It was the only way to dispose of a werewolf. We couldn’t have anyone looking too closely at their DNA.
She nodded and stepped up to her boyfriend. “Come on,” she encouraged with a soft voice, taking his hand to drag him away.
Will followed, with one last look at Nate. He smiled at his uncle. “Thank you,” he said, sounding appreciative, and once again proud. It was the least he could do. Nate had taken a bullet for him after all.
Nate returned his smile. I was thankful that their relationship would be okay. Once his nephew exited the room, Nate turned to Adrian. “There are wood and tools out in the shed. Could you fix the window while I take care of this?” He pointed to Charlotte and James.
“Do you need help? There are a lot of bodies there.” The wolves outside would need to be disposed of as well.
Nate shook his head. “I could use some time alone.” His gaze swung to me and frowned. He was still upset about my reaction upstairs.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and headed for the door.


 



Chapter Twenty-Nine
Trading Places

I didn’t know where I was headed, but I needed to get away. The whole day had been emotionally draining. Actually, the last few weeks had been one suck fest after another. I wished I could blink and erase it all. But life wasn’t that easy, was it? We didn’t get do-overs, as much as we might want them.
I found myself up in the library. The food was still out, and the fire still simmered in the fireplace. I fell into the sofa and stared at the red coals at the bottom of the hearth. I needed a distraction from the hurt look in Nate’s eyes as he said he wanted time away—obviously from me. 
I reached for the remote and flicked on the movie, allowing myself to be swept away from my troubles.
Sometime later, after five mini egg rolls, six mozzarella sticks and countless nachos, Adrian appeared at the door. “Is there room in here for me?” He sounded just as tired as I was. When I nodded, he moved to the couch and fell into the soft cushions near my feet. A soft whooshing sound puffed out as air rushed out of the cushions. 
“So how was your day?” he asked cheerfully, like we hadn’t just been through a battle with four werewolves and killed the only person who knew the whereabouts of his sister. He smiled, clearly trying to lighten the mood.
I kicked his leg, and he laughed softly, as if it was all he could manage.
He grew quiet, focusing on the movie that played on the small TV in the corner. After the zombie mother ate her third brain, Adrian turned to me. “What the hell are you watching?”
I laughed at the expression on his face. “Zombie Mama? What, you’ve never seen it?” He shook his head with a quirked brow. “It’s a classic, cheesy, horror flick.”
He watched for a few more seconds as the mother zombie fed her children pieces of brains that looked like shriveled up green grapes. He turned back to look at me, his face was expressionless. “It’s really stupid.”
I snorted. “I know, but are you stressing about your life?”
His lips twitched as he bent his head. “You’re right, I’m not.”
I smiled as he began watching again, leaning over to grab a cold chicken wing. The food had chilled while we were gone, but I didn’t have the energy to heat it up. That would involve moving, and I was quite content tucked away in the library, hiding. The cheese for the nachos had congealed, but I was lazy enough to overlook it and gulp it down.
“Are you and Nate fighting?” he asked, breaking though my much needed silence. I was supposed to be getting lost in the movie, not discussing my messed up life.
I ignored him, never taking my eyes from the TV screen.
“I know that you said you were apart when we met. But when I saw you two in here earlier, I thought you must have made up. That was until I saw the awkwardness between you before he left.”
I debated whether I should continue pretending that Adrian wasn’t speaking to me. I hated reliving my issues with Nate, but Adrian was now my friend, and if he was going to stay, he would probably guess our problems sooner or later. I took a deep breath and jumped in. 
“The night before Charlotte kidnapped us, Nate asked me to marry him.” I glanced at Adrian to see his reaction, but all he did was raise a brow. He stayed silent while I told him my very private story on what happened that night. My cheeks flushed several times, but the only reaction he gave me was the occasional nod of his head.
He waited until I finished before commenting. “If you didn’t know he turned you that night, how did you know it wasn’t Charlotte? It had only been a few hours. You wouldn’t have been fully turned yet.”
I reached over to grab a garlic knot and dipped it in the marinara sauce. I waited until I finished chewing before I answered. “Lauren couldn’t change fully, but I could.”
“What do you mean?”
I sat up and crossed my legs, turning to face him. “She couldn’t change. Hair would grow, and her limbs would crack and reform, but then the hair would retreat and she’d start to turn human again.” I shivered at the memory. Her screams still haunted my sleep. I picked at the tassels on the throw pillow next to me as I explained Nate’s theory about the drug diluting Charlotte’s DNA. When I finished my explanation, he looked a little green.
Rubbing his hand through his hair roughly, he sighed. “I feel awful for my part in this.”
I lifted a shoulder dismissively. “You couldn’t help it. You were just one of Charlotte’s minions. She’s the one I blame.” 
“Minions?” he asked with a crooked a smile. 
I nodded. “Yeah, that’s what we called her werewolves.”
He scoffed, his eyes turning cold. “That pretty much sums it up. But I want you to know that I never attacked you or Lauren that night at the cabin. I admit I should have intervened, but I never wanted to hurt you.” The remorse was visible on his face, and I knew he felt guilty for his part in our kidnapping.
I was going to say something comforting, but the words just wouldn’t come. I know it wasn’t his idea, but he didn’t try and stop her either.
“I have one question,” he said, sitting up straight.
“Go ahead.” I tucked my hair behind my ear, waiting.
“If Nate hadn’t changed you by mistake, you would have gone through hell like Lauren did, right?” 
I nodded. 
“Then why are you mad at him? He saved you from having to go through what sounds like an incredibly, excruciating experience, even more painful than a normal change.”
I was silent. Of course I had thought of that, but it didn’t get me past my anger. “But what if she hadn’t kidnapped us, I still would have become a werewolf.”
“But she did kidnap you,” he pointed out matter of factly.
“I know that! But if she hadn’t, I would still be a werewolf.”
He just stared at me blankly. “But she did kidnap you. There is no point in what ifs. Look at the facts. He changed you because he lost control. Charlotte kidnapped you. Yes, you went through pain, but nothing compared to what you would have suffered.” He stood up and looked down at me. His dark eyes, filled with compassion. “Before you punish him anymore for something he didn’t mean to do, I’d ask Lauren how she feels. I bet if given the chance, she would have taken your place.” And with that he left the room, leaving me feeling confused and guilty. A second later his head popped through the doorway. “I’m going to head out. I want to go look through Charlotte’s things. Hopefully, I’ll find my sister’s location.”
When I smiled sadly and nodded, he disappeared.
I sat for a while longer, thinking about what he said, and then finally decided to do what he suggested.
I left the room leaving the movie playing. I could hear shrill screams from behind me as I turned the corner and headed to Lauren’s room. I knocked once and then opened the door to see Joe lying above Lauren. Her hands were on the back of his head grasping his hair. 
“Oh god, I’m so sorry,” I gasped, backing out into the hallway.
They flew apart. Both of them had the deer-in-the-head-lights look. When Lauren saw it was me, she smiled. “No, that’s okay, come in.”
I glanced at Joe for clarification. 
“It’s fine. I’ll go see if Nate’s back yet.” Joe stood up and rushed past me, a slight hint of red on his cheeks.
I laughed when the door closed behind me.
Lauren sat up and patted the spot next to her on the couch. “What’s up?” she asked.
I sat down and leaned back in the comfy sofa. “How do you know something’s up?”
“Your face is all serious. You should be happy. The witch is finally dead and out of our hair.”
I grinned. “Why didn’t you want me to tell her about your ordeal on the island?”
“Because I didn’t want her to know how much I suffered. She thrives on that. I wasn’t going to make her happy knowing she succeeded.” 
I nodded in understanding and then asked the question I had come here for. “Knowing what happened to me with Nate and going through what you did at the island, would you have changed places with me?”
Her smile vanished. “You mean, would I have rather been turned ahead of time by someone I loved without my knowledge, preventing me from going through that pain?” 
When I nodded, she sighed. 
“In a heartbeat,” she said. “I understand why you’re upset, I really do. And if circumstances were different, then yes, I would feel hurt and betrayed. But the way things actually are… I’d be in that cottage sucking up to him for saving me from the pain.” She paused taking a deep breath. “I’ve changed into a wolf almost every day for the last three weeks, and yes, it’s been painful. But it’s nothing compared to what happened at the cabin. Nate saved you from that, and I’m glad he did because I wouldn’t wish that on my worst enemy.” She paused again and tilted her head. “Well, I wouldn’t mind seeing Charlotte in agonizing pain. I think she got off too easy.”
I pressed my lips together, thinking about what she said.
“Are you okay?” she asked, concern was evident in her voice.
I nodded and stood up. “Yeah, I just have a lot to think about. Thanks for being honest with me.”
“Sure, no problem.”
I turned to go, spinning the knob on her door.
“And for the record, the whole stupid mate thing aside, he doesn’t carry the weight of the world on his shoulders when he’s with you. And he makes you a better person. You two are meant for each other.” 
I had nothing to say to that, so instead of commenting, I slipped out into the hallway and headed down the stairs to the front door. I had to think, and I needed to be alone to do that. I found myself walking aimlessly. The sky above me was riddled with stars, and the air was cold and bitter. I was thankful I had thought to grab my jacket. The moon appeared to be full, although I knew I had two days before I had to change. 
I ended up at Joe’s place, a small cottage nestled in the woods not far from the main house. He had taken it over when the gardener retired to Florida. But it had originally belonged to my ancestor, Lucy, who was killed the night Nate was turned into a werewolf. I didn’t go in. I just stood on the front lawn and gazed at the small house nestled in the trees. It was a two-story, stone building with a small porch. Two rocking chairs sat on either side of the door.
Memories of my last visit here came flooding back. Nate showed me this house, and he gave me a silver brush and mirror that had belonged to her. The gift was so thoughtful; I didn’t expect him to also give me the gemstone necklace that he had given to her soon before she died. My heart swelled with love from the memory of that day. I kept the feeling in my heart and also thought of why I had fallen for him in the first place. He was kind, giving, and very sweet. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, taking in the cold crisp air, and pictured pale blond, wavy hair and dimples that popped out of both cheeks when he smiled lovingly at me. Could I stay mad at him, never see that face again, or feel his touch? The answer was a resounding NO! We would always have issues, and complications that might come up, but that was life. Nobody was perfect, and I realized that was my problem. In my mind, Nate was flawless, and it was shocking to find out that it wasn’t true. He made mistakes just like the rest of us. But that was my issue, not Nate’s. He never said he was perfect. He admitted to his mistake and was sorry for it. Was I going to punish him for the rest of our lives or finally let forgiveness into my heart?
As those thoughts flowed through my mind, I realized that I was wasting time away from him. I needed to remedy that as soon as possible. I took off in a run to our cottage, knowing for some reason that he would be there. The ground under my feet was bumpy and at times, rocky, but I never lost my footing. I was too focused on my destination and who was waiting inside.
As I pushed open the door, he looked up from a book. He was sitting in an armchair, with a small fire burning in the fireplace we usually never used.
“Thank you,” I whispered.
He gazed at me in confusion. “For what?” he asked, folding his page over and tossing the book on the table in front of him. It hit the surface with a smack. He had changed, wearing blue plaid pajama pants and a light blue long sleeved t-shirt.
I closed the door behind me, feeling my limbs begin to thaw. I pulled off my coat and tossed it on the bench. I ignored it when it fell to the floor. “For taking my pain away.” 
I took a few steps closer, until I stood above him. His brow rose slightly. He didn’t understand. “If you hadn’t bitten me, I would have gone through what Lauren did. So, thank you. You are always trying to protect me.”
He closed his eyes briefly, pressing his lips together, and breathed deeply. “You know I didn’t mean to do it. I couldn’t have known what Charlotte was planning.”
I shrugged. “I know, but it doesn’t change that it did happen and that you stopped me from suffering.”
“But I didn’t mean to,” he repeated. 
“Doesn’t matter what you meant to do, all that matters is what happened. You. Saved. Me.” 
When I thought of the pain and misery that all four of us had gone through, I just wanted it all to stop. No more heartache, no more drama. We were together, and I wanted to be happy. 
“I’m sorry I took so long to realize that. When I think of what I put you through...” I couldn’t finish the words. My eyes burned with tears at the thought of him suffering through all of the guilt alone. The thought vanished as I was suddenly pulled against his hard chest. I didn’t even see him stand up. The scent of leather and pine overwhelmed me, waking up feelings I had been suppressing. I couldn’t hold back any longer. A fire erupted inside me and every nerve in my body screamed for his touch. I leaned up and kissed him. He breathed in deeply and then wrapped his arms around me. I may have started the kiss, but he took it so much deeper. He kissed me hungrily with desperation. It felt like so long ago since his soft lips touched mine. I craved him more than I ever thought possible. My heart ached for more of his touch, and it felt like an eternity since his fingers brushed my skin. My hands moved under his shirt and over his firm skin and hard muscles. Before I realized what was happening, I was being lifted up into his arms and carried into our room. We fell onto the bed wrapped around each other. All reason left our minds. We were mated werewolves that were meant to be one. His kisses were soft, and his touch was so right. Our clothes were quickly disposed of, and we were finally able to continue where we had left off so many nights ago.
This time there were no interruptions. 
Afterward, I lay back on the bed with Nate’s head lying on my stomach. I twirled my fingers in his soft silky hair, feeling content and happy.
“Can I ask you something?” he asked lazily.
“Sure.”
“Will you marry me?”
I laughed. It seemed like years ago that he asked me the first time. “Yes,” I answered without thought. I was meant to be here, and yes, I had every right to be angry with him for what he did. But I had learned that loving a person was easy—it was forgiving that was the difficult part. And I did forgive him, with all my heart.


 



Epilogue

“Are you ready?” Nate asked coming up behind me as I stood in front of the bathroom mirror. 
“Almost.” I was just hooking the last earring into my lobe. Once it was in place, I examined my appearance. This was a special occasion, and I wanted to look perfect. I took a deep, nervous breath and smoothed out my outfit. I had bought it just for today from a new boutique in town. It was a black and white sleeveless floral, lace dress with black sheer shoulder straps and an oval cut out in the back. I had curled my strawberry blond hair and left it loose, falling around my shoulders. The makeup I chose set off my green eyes. 
“Do you I look okay?” I asked Nate, gazing at him through the mirror.
He stepped closer and placed his hands on my shoulders, leaning over to nuzzle my neck, his scent swirled around me. “You’re stunning.”
“Are you just saying that because you’re my fiancé?”
He looked up, his intense blue eyes still holding mine in the mirror. “Why are you so nervous? It’s just going to be our family and friends.”
Maybe, maybe not. I may have invited someone extra. After we announced our engagement to Nate’s family, Will insisted on throwing a small engagement party. He had said we needed something to celebrate after everything the family had been through. Carolyn and Nathan were back, and some of the uncles and cousins were visiting so they could make it to the party. We hadn’t settled on a wedding date, but I wasn’t in a hurry to do that. I just wanted to enjoy my time with Nate and be with him without holding on to the past.
Two weeks had passed since Charlotte’s death, and we were finally getting back to normal. I had returned to the shelter, and Nate was back to work. Lauren had even joined Allison at school. She had survived the full moon and was confident she could handle the whole werewolf thing on her own. Joe had decided to move with her and was working in the store near her school. After Adrian found the address to his sister’s new family, he took off to Philadelphia. I hadn’t heard from him in a week, and I was starting to get worried. His plan was to go get her and bring her back here. He was going to take over Joe’s house and wanted to start volunteering at the shelter with me. He had control of his inheritance again and could live off that for a while. He wanted to give back to the community to make up for all that he had done. He reminded me of Nate, and I think that was why we had hit it off so quickly. I started working out again, more for fun than anything else, but it didn’t hurt that I could now flip Nate over my shoulder. It was a good knowledge to have if he ever got out of line. It wasn’t the same without Adrian and Lauren, but they both would be back soon.
“Megan, did you hear me?”
Nate’s question brought me back to the room and out of my thoughts. 
“Hmm?” I gazed at him through the mirror. He looked so handsome in his dark gray suit, and blue dress shirt. He wasn’t wearing a tie, which only made him look rebellious and sexy. His shaggy pale blond hair, vivid blue eyes, and dimples set off the look. I was so lucky to have him.
“I said don’t be nervous, it’s just our family and friends.” He brushed my shoulders with his hands sending his warmth into me.
“I know, but you never know who might show up.”
His forehead crinkled. “What does that mean?”
I stepped away from the mirror, heading for the bedroom to put on my shoes. “Nothing,” I answered, hoping he wasn’t suspicious. I wanted to surprise him. I bent over to strap on my black heels and stood up. Glancing through my jewelry that was displayed on my dresser, I gazed longingly at the gemstone necklace. I had found it on the floor under the couch. Charlotte must have just thrown it after ripping it off my neck. I really wanted to wear it, but when I thought about it, a necklace was just a necklace. But Nate was forever. 
With that thought, I picked up the delicate white gold chain that Nate had given me on the night he told me he loved me, and held the half-moon in my hand. He finally explained that it had belonged to his sister Rose. It was a gift from him while he was away trying to deal with becoming a werewolf on his own. He had also given one to his sister Mary, but he told me he had given that to his favorite niece. I put the necklace on and gazed down at my hand. My gorgeous ring sparkled on my finger, making me smile. It was a symbol of his love, and I would cherish it always.
“Are you ready?” he asked, taking my hand, and kissing each finger. He lingered on the one with the ring, and when he glanced up, his eyes were shining with joy. I nodded my head, his beautifully happy face taking my breath away and rendering me speechless. He laughed softly and squeezed my hand before leading me out. We were happy again, and it felt fantastic.
“Why do we always drive to the main house?” I asked as I slid into his black sports car. “It’s not that far.”
He shrugged. “I don’t know. I guess I like to keep the car handy just in case I need to go somewhere.”
I smirked. “Who are you, a superhero?”
“Well, yes. Yes, I am.” He smiled widely, his eyes sparkling. “And you can be my sidekick. It feels pretty good to save someone, doesn’t it?”
I grinned at him. “Yes, it does. But I’m no sidekick. You know I can kick your butt any day of the week.”
Nate grinned back as he pulled onto the road. “Remind me not to run into you in a dark alley.”
The main house’s driveway was filled with cars. Butterflies were doing the mambo in my stomach at the thought of being the center of attention. At least I’d have Nate at my side sharing the spotlight with me. Taking a deep breath, I climbed out.
I followed him to the front door, and we were greeted by Ursula, the Rileys’ housekeeper. She smiled at both of us and led us to the large living room. It looked different. All the furniture had been removed, replaced with small tables and chairs to accommodate the extra guests. 
Everyone we loved was in the room, even my parents, and Mona and Ben. I spotted my friends and their boyfriends in deep conversation. When Lauren and Lilly spotted us, they approached, leaving Eddie and Joe on their own. 
“You two look great,” Lauren said, smiling widely.
“Thank you,” I replied with a small grin. “Is Allison here?”
Lilly grinned. “She’s on her way, and she’s bringing a date.” That wasn’t surprising; she went through guys like I went through tissues.
When I spotted Julia in a conversation with Will, I smiled. Hopefully, she was explaining our plans. I had been talking to her about Adrian. He had a background in construction. Before his death, his father had built houses. Adrian wanted to help with the renovation. He seemed interested in the whole concept and wanted to assist wherever he could. Nate had even suggested that Adrian could help expand some of the other shelters in need of more beds. 
Since Adrian was a werewolf like us, he’d have to move on in a few years. When it was our time to go, it was good to know I’d have something to do. There were charities and Riley stores everywhere.
Eventually, we moved on to mingle with our guests. My mother made a show of acting like she knew Nate well and that we were such a close mother and daughter duo. I used to get annoyed with her antics, but I was so happy these days, I refused to let her get me down. I knew the truth and that was all that mattered. 
Just before dinner was served, there was a knock at the door. I was in the middle of a conversation, talking to Julia about another resident who was about to leave the shelter. But at the sound, I froze and rushed to answer it myself. I knew who it was, and I couldn’t wait to meet her. 
When I pulled the door open, a woman with sandy blond hair pulled up in a twist, smiled shyly at me. She was wearing a slick, black, trench coat over a black cocktail dress with silver accents. A necklace hung around her neck, and I smiled, seeing a half moon pendant that matched my own. I knew she was in her forties, but she looked young for her age. She was blessed with the Riley genes. 
“Megan?” she asked shyly.
I nodded my head, and stepped back so she could enter. “I’m so glad you could make it,” I said as I took her coat.
“I’m glad that you contacted me and that Nate has found someone special to share his life with.” She reached out and held my hand. Her skin was a little chilled by the cold weather. “Thank you for this chance.”
I smiled, feeling warmth spread through me. She had kind eyes, and I knew I did the right thing.
“Meg,” The butterflies were back as I heard Nate’s voice get closer. “Who was that at the door?” He froze as he rounded the corner, and came face to face with our guest. “Emma?” he whispered hoarsely.
She nodded; the small smile was back on her face, but now her eyes were filled with uncertainty.
By now, a small crowd of Rileys had gathered. I hadn’t told a soul of what I had planned, just in case it didn’t work out. I also wanted to surprise them as well. This group was all about family, and they had felt her loss just as much as Nate had.
He turned to me, his face clouded with sadness. “Did you do this?” he asked, and I knew he was upset with me. And I knew why, he was afraid she would reject him again.
I wanted to explain, but before I could, Emma moved forward and wrapped Nate in a hug. “I’m so sorry,” she whispered.
His eyes went wide with surprise at her words, and then he closed them, his face overwhelmed with emotion as he wrapped his arms around her waist. “No, I’m sorry,” he gasped.
“You have nothing to be sorry for. I overreacted, and I’ve regretted it ever since.”
Will cleared his throat, as he took a step closer to us. “Perhaps we should move to my office,” he suggested softly, glancing around the room at the curious guests watching us. 
Emma and Nate pulled apart. Nate took my hand as we all headed to the room at the end of the hall. When the door closed, all that were present were Will, his wife Carolyn, Richard, Lauren and of course, Emma.
Will gaped at her, his eyes wide with shock. He looked like he was staring at a ghost. “Why are you here?”
She glanced at me and smiled. “I made a new friend, and she asked me to attend her engagement party.”
I could feel Nate’s gaze on me, but when I turned to face him, I wasn’t sure how to interpret it. 
“How have you been? Where have you been?” Richard asked, with the same expression on his face as Will’s.
“I’ve lived in Renwood, a city about an hour from here, ever since I left. I married an art dealer and have three beautiful children named Jason, Jacob, and Mary.” 
Nate smiled at her at the sound of his sister’s name. “So, you don’t hate me?”
She shook her head. “No, I never did.” Her voice broke as a tear trickled down her cheek. “I was just scared. When I calmed down, I wanted to return home, but I knew what happened to family members who reject the secret. So I stayed away, thinking that the family hated me, until I started getting deposits in my bank account.” She turned to focus on Will. “I wanted to call and thank you, Will, but I was too afraid.”
Will’s eyes widened. “I didn’t send you money. I didn’t even know where you were.”
Her brow creased. “I assumed since it began when you took over for your father that it was you. If it wasn’t you, then who was it?”
Nate stayed silent as he shuffled his feet, gazing down at the wooden floor.
“It was Nate,” I answered, knowing it was true. Only he would want to help someone after they rejected him.
All eyes turned to him. He smiled timidly and shrugged.
We weren’t alone, but I couldn’t resist hugging him and planting a big kiss on his cheek. 
He blushed and mouthed the word “thank you” to me. I knew what he meant. He might have refused to speak about Emma all these years, but deep down, he needed to know how she really felt. 
Eventually, we wandered out to the rest of the group, and Will introduced our new guest.
Soon after, the rest of Emma’s family arrived. It was a day of celebration and forgiveness. I couldn’t keep the smile off my face as we rode home hours later. 
It was late, after one in the morning, but the last of the visitors had just left. 
“So Allison’s date was interesting.” Nate remarked, as he parked the car and turned the ignition off.
I grinned. She had finally shown up with a guy with pink hair and more piercings on his face than me and all of my friends’ ears combined. “Did you see my mother when she saw him? I thought her jaw was going to hit the floor.” I laughed as I opened my car door and stepped out.
He held out his hand for me, and I took it, stepping up the porch steps together. “She sure does go through a lot of guys, doesn’t she?”
I only grinned in response. I followed Nate inside the cottage. As he went into the kitchen to set up the coffee to brew in the morning, I went into the bedroom to change. I took off my clothes and pulled on a t-shirt. Glancing down at the floor, I noticed a pair of jeans under the bed. Picking them up, a piece of paper fell out of the pocket. Nate came into the room as I opened the note. 
“What’s this?” I asked. “I found it in these jeans.”
His forehead creased. “I don’t know. It was inside Charlotte’s coat pocket when I buried her. I think it was what she was reaching for when Joe shot her.”
I opened up the wrinkled lined paper and gazed at the name sprawled on it—Isaiah King.
“What does it mean?” I asked, looking up from the paper.
He shrugged, pulling his suit jacket off. “I’m not sure, but I think it was meant for me.”
Since Charlotte was dead, we wouldn’t get any answers tonight, so with that thought in mind, I placed the paper on the dresser and grabbed Nate’s hand. I was in a good mood, and I wanted to show him just how much I loved him.

###




 
Here’s a preview of Fated Dreams, Book One in the Affinity Series

Prologue
Brownridge, Vermont


Three years ago
“How did I get here?” I asked myself for the fourth time, although I already knew the answer. My voice was muffled inside the closed, confined space.
It was Saturday night, and instead of hanging out at a party with Derrick and Emma like I was supposed to be, where was I? In a closet, and not the proverbial kind either. I was literally in a closet, fluffy towels and all. Why? That’s a good question, and the only answer I could think of was my own stupidity.
Stephanie Brown, honey-blonde hair, vivid blue eyes, and a body every boy drooled over, had it out for me. And again the question was, why? Well, the obvious answer could only be Ryan Crenshaw, her ex-boyfriend. Not that he wasn’t worthy of her attention—his wheat-colored hair and soul-deep blue eyes would make male underwear models envious—but he just wasn’t interested in her anymore. 
He told me once that the only reason he liked her in the first place was because he was new to the school and didn’t know any better. But once he did, he dumped her right on her cashmere-covered ass. And when Ryan started eating lunch with me, she decided that I was her enemy. She even convinced the entire school to hate me, and the social-climbing drones of the student body listened to her. Ever since I started at Hadley Academy six months ago, the only friend I’d had was Ryan, and he was only a friend. As much as Stephanie, the self-proclaimed queen of the school, thought differently.
Not that I was desperately in need of extra friends. I had two of the best ones anyone could ask for, but since they attended a public school on the other side of town, my days were filled with cold stares and the occasional prank.
I thought my luck had changed a few days ago when the queen witch herself asked me over for a slumber party with her two best friends. At first I was skeptical, considering her obvious dislike for me. But since she had made the effort, I hoped it was the start of a normal life for me at school, so I agreed against my better judgment. 
The evening started out okay. She showed me around her enormous mansion, making sure I noticed all the expensive-looking furniture, rich silks, and classic artwork that were displayed throughout the rooms.
After a gourmet dinner, I followed Stephanie up to her room. It was painted red and white, with photos placed perfectly along the walls. Above her bed was a portrait of the queen herself, which I thought was tacky. 
The distinct scent of an expensive perfume filled the air; it was such a strong odor I figured she bathed in it or spilled the bottle. Either way, the smell was overpowering. I used to like that particular scent, but now I feared I could never use it without thinking of her.
She sat on her bed with her puppets, as I now called Trudy and Tara, while I took the plush, wine-colored armchair near the closet.
“So Sarah, do you think you’re pretty?” Stephanie asked. 
“Uh…I don’t know, why?” 
She scowled. “I asked Ryan why he was talking to you all the time. And do you know what he said?” 
I didn’t like where this was going. “No,” I answered quietly, afraid to look into her eyes. 
“He said that you were sweet and pretty. And that he liked your dark eyes and your long brown hair.” 
I glanced at Trudy and Tara, hoping for help, but their smirks told me I couldn’t count on them. This wasn’t good. 
She didn’t wait for a response before continuing, and really, what was I going to say, she was obviously up to something. A knot of trepidation formed in the pit of my stomach. “I can’t do anything about your eyes, but I can do something about that hair.” She bent down and picked up something hidden under her bed. 
I had a feeling I knew what was about to happen, and I hoped I was wrong. 
She turned back around, holding a pair of industrial-size, shiny, silver scissors. Oh shit. Her smile was all steel as she glanced at me, and then at the shears. 
Now I knew why they invited me here, and it wasn’t to become my friend. 
God, I was so stupid. Why would I think that after months of her ignoring me, the frost queen would suddenly be nice to me? I should have known that a girl like her, rich, snobby, and just plain mean, was incapable of change. 
Glaring at the scissors, I gulped, making the only decision I could think of. I took off out the door of her bedroom. 
As I ran down the hall, I heard her yell, “Get her, girls.” 
This was so cliché. I was living a horror flick, and I couldn’t believe I fell for it. 
So now the question was, how did I get myself out of this odd situation I suddenly found myself in? 
It was so dark in the closet I couldn’t see the hand I held out in front of my face. If there was a light bulb in here, I wasn’t going to turn it on for fear I’d give away my position. A floral scent wafted around the tiny cubby. I stretched out my hand and felt the soft towels that were folded neatly on a shelf beside me. 
With my head pressed against the door, I sat down on the floor, trying to think of what to do next. My eyes were closed as I listened carefully, hearing only my own breathing and the faint sound of footsteps as they searched another part of the house. I was safe, for now. Although I knew I couldn’t hide forever. 
Since I had nothing else to do, I tapped my knee with my finger to the tune of the national anthem. It must have helped my thought process, because I remembered something. I had seen a phone sitting on a stand in the hall on my way to this closet. Maybe I could crawl over to it while the crazy girls were occupied, and call my mom. Then I could sneak outside and wait behind some bushes. I really didn’t want a haircut. I couldn’t believe she was going to chop off my hair just because her ex-boyfriend talked to me and became my friend. 
What was I thinking; of course she would. 
I waited a few seconds, making sure they were still out of hearing distance before making my move. 
Opening the door very slowly, I crawled out; looking around to make sure I was alone. Since my eyes had adapted to the darkness of the small closet, they now felt strained from the wash of light coming from the fixture above me. The hallway was clear, so I continued to crawl slowly on my hands and knees along the soft oatmeal-colored carpet, careful not to make any sound. The phone was just a couple feet away on a small oak table against the wall. 
I was almost there when I heard a squeaky voice I recognized as Tara’s. “There she is,” she yelled, pointing at me from the other end of the hallway. 
Crap. I stood up and ran as fast as I could for the portable handset. I picked it up and dialed my number quickly. My mom answered, “Hello.” 
The words “come get me” rushed out of my mouth before a well-manicured hand reached for the receiver. I turned to see Stephanie slam her finger down, ending my call and the only chance of escape.
She smiled wickedly; her fierce blue eyes shot out imaginary icicles that filled me with fear. “This is going to be so much fun.”
Tara and Trudy held on to me while I pleaded with them to stop. I hoped that they would feel guilty and let me go. That hope was short-lived when I saw laughter in their eyes. They were just as evil as Stephanie was.
As I struggled, I felt the first cut, and some of my hair that had taken years to grow fall to the floor. I panicked, stomped on someone’s foot, and took off running. Fingers slipped from my skin. I was free.
“Get her, now!” the evil witch screamed. In my haste I tripped on the edge of the carpet, giving Tara a chance to grab my arm before I could get away, her pointed nails digging into my skin. 
They held on tighter this time, and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t get away. I sobbed quietly as they chopped off my hair. My heart sank with every snip of the scissors. The strands brushed my arm and feet as they fell to the floor, feeling like soft feathers caressing my skin. I closed my eyes, hoping that was all it was, a pillow torn open above my head.
When the awful snipping sounds stopped, I opened my eyes to see most of my hair lying in clumps at me feet. I could no longer pretend they were anything else. I knew that the pile of brown clippings curled up along the carpet was mine. I stared down at it with a feeling of numbness. My long mane that I had taken such care of was now taunting me from the floor. When I was little, I asked to have long hair just like my mother. After that, she would brush it lovingly every night, buying products to keep it soft and shiny. She said it was one of the reasons she wanted a daughter, to dress her up and play with her hair. And now the remaining pieces lay on the floor, being stomped on by Stephanie’s open-toed red sandals. 
They let me go and started to laugh. “I don’t think Ryan will be interested in you now. My goodness, Sarah, what happened to your hair?” she mocked. “You know, you really should stop going to your dad’s barber.” Stephanie’s sick attempt at humor made the lump in my throat threaten to grow. 
Trudy and Tara laughed at her joke with twin high-pitched screeches. They were eerily similar, with matching grey eyes, black hair, and milky complexions. If Trudy wasn’t four inches taller than Tara, I’d think they were twins, although they weren’t even related.
I ran to Stephanie’s room, picked up my bag, and took off in the direction of the front door. As I rushed out, I heard her shrill voice calling after me. “Oh Sarah, are you leaving so soon?” And of course more laughter followed. 
I stumbled out of her house into the night. In the darkness, I followed the walkway to the road, feeling embarrassed and angry, and an ache formed in my chest before the tears started to fall. 
I wasn’t paying attention to where I was going and started walking aimlessly. My tears were flowing hard, obscuring my view. My foot caught in a crack in the road, and I fell to the ground. My hands dug into the asphalt, scraping my palms. 
I pushed myself up and continued walking. 
Would this horror movie ever end? I hoped to wake up in my room, having dreamed the whole thing. Closing my eyes, I willed it to be true, but fate was not on my side; this was really happening. I was still here wandering the roads, praying I was heading in the right direction. 
After what seemed like hours, I saw headlights behind me. A car pulled along the sidewalk, and the passenger side window slowly rolled down. “OH, MY GOD, SARAH! WHAT HAPPENED?” my mother yelled from the driver’s seat. 



 




Chapter One
The Dream

The fact that he was present made me realize I was dreaming. In reality, he wouldn’t be caught dead talking to me. It was early evening, and I was sitting on one of the swings from my brother’s old swing set, staring up at the starry sky. It was peaceful, with a warm breeze gently brushing my face. My hair fell into my eyes. The scent of lilacs drifted in the air.
I had just pushed off the ground and swung upwards when I heard a creaking sound behind me. I glanced back to see him open the gate and walk into our yard. He smiled at me, his hazel eyes sparkling in the moonlight as he sat down on the swing next to mine. We sat together silently, swinging gently, looking up at the moon and the stars. 
Suddenly, a bright light shone from behind us, followed by a very shrill noise…or was it a scream? 
Thump, thump, thump. My eyes shot open. A banging sound came from somewhere, interrupting my sleep. I wasn’t ready to wake yet, so I threw the pillow over my head to muffle the noise.
“Sarah, get up, Mom’s been calling you,” Alex, my fifteen-year-old brother, bellowed from the other side of my bedroom door. 
“I’m up,” I yelled, tossing the pillow aside and closing my eyes again.
I jumped at the sound of another thump. “Go away!” God, can’t anyone sleep in around here? I heard him stomp down the hall, leaving me to nestle under my covers to go back to sleep. Just as I was drifting off again, a thought appeared in my foggy brain; I was supposed to do something, wasn’t I? My eyes popped open, focusing on the dirt splotch on my ceiling above me left by a ball I had thrown up years ago. I knew I should wash it off, but I sometimes found myself staring up at it and seeing shapes in the dust. Once, after studying for a difficult biology exam, the shape of a happy face appeared. It made me feel better about the test. But now I lay staring at it trying to figure out what day it was, and then I did. It was Monday and I was late for school. Filled with panic, I jumped up to have a quick shower. 
By the time I was finished getting ready for school, my mom had already left. There was a note on the kitchen table telling me that she had taken Alex to school and that I had better not be late. There was a threat in there too, but I wasn’t worried. She was pretty lenient—well, only when my dad was away on business. She was always joking with him that someone had to be the grown-up. My dad was more like a kid than an adult, more like a friend than a father. My brother and I were lucky in the parent department. Yes, my mother was a little more responsible than my dad, but we didn’t really have many rules. She trusted us to make the right choices. She was very good with guilt, so before I did something stupid, I would think of the guilt trip she’d lay out…and change my mind. 
I took a juice box and a granola bar from the pantry, grabbed my coat off the hook, and headed out the door. 
It was hot and sunny out and I instantly regretted the coat. Shaking it off, I ran to my car, a used silver-blue, two-door SUV I got for my sixteenth birthday. It was a bribe from my mother to make me go to Hadley Academy. Even though I only lasted at the snooty school for six months, I was able to keep the bribe. It was an older car, but that was okay, it had character. So what if the passenger side door stuck on rainy days, and it sometimes smelled of pipe tobacco? It was all part of the charm, and besides, it was free. I paid for the insurance and gas with the money I made working at the multiplex. With only a few shifts a week, I didn’t make a lot. But I was pretty good at saving. 
As I drove, I noticed that only a few leaves had changed. It was the second week of September, and this beautiful weather wasn’t going to last long. 
I arrived at my school, Hamilton High, a large dull-gray stone building that slightly resembled a prison. Considering my last school, I was okay with its appearance.
Parking in the student parking lot wasn’t always easy, since I was usually late. I was often left with the spot furthest from the entrance, and today was no different. 
Rushing to the front doors, I noticed my mom’s car, a candy-red convertible. It was her gift to herself after she turned forty. She worked here, unfortunately, as the vice principal. It’s not as bad as it sounds, having a mother that works at your school. With a building this size, I didn’t see her that often. This was my last year of high school anyway. In the fall, I was heading to NYU for their teaching program; I was going to become a music teacher. I had been playing the piano since I was five. My mother’s dream for me was to follow in her footsteps and become a teacher, so I thought combining our dreams was a good compromise. 
 I was running from my locker, after having put my bag inside, when the bell rang. Crap. I was late again. I’m not good with mornings, so this happens every so often. 
Just as I turned the corner heading to my first period English class, I slammed into someone. Our sneakers squeaked against the white tile as we collided. A pile of books fell to the floor in a heap. 
I bent down to pick them up. “I’m so sorry,” I stammered, but the words were barely out of my mouth before the person took off down the hall.
It was a guy, and he had picked up his books so fast, I didn’t even see his face. All I noticed was the back of his head as I watched him run off. His hair was shaggy and brown, and he was quite a bit taller than my five foot five. The gray sweatshirt and jeans he wore weren’t helpful at identifying him either, since a lot of kids in school dressed that way. 
“Miss Samson, is there a reason you’re loitering in the hallway when class is starting?”
Turning toward the voice, I saw Mr. Henderson standing in front of his classroom. He was short and stout with a receding hair line that made his forehead look gigantic. And since his glasses always fell to the bridge of his nose, no matter how many times he pushed them back, a few kids made fun of him.  I, however, would never do such a thing. 
“You wouldn’t want me to report you to your mother, would you?” he said in a snarly tone.
“I’m going,” I mumbled as I took off in the direction of my first class. 
I wasn’t that late. The kids were just getting settled, opening their books and getting out their pens, when I snuck into my seat.
“You’re late,” Derrick, one of my best friends, whispered from behind me. Miss Reynolds, our English teacher, was just starting her lesson and didn’t notice him talking. “We’re meeting Emma outside today for lunch,” he whispered again. I nodded my head, focusing on the rest of the lesson. 
My next class was my favorite, music, and part of the reason I liked it so much was the teacher, Miss. Fitzgerald. She had long auburn hair that was always pulled back in a braid, and she constantly wore long flowing skirts with peasant blouses. I once heard Mr. Henderson call her a Bohemian. 
For the last week we had been studying a piece she composed. It was complex and challenging to learn; luckily, I loved a challenge. I was to play the piano for the piece and was excited for the night we would get to perform for the school and our parents. We were working on our own today, each of us learning our parts.
I was lost in the music when Miss Fitzgerald came over and stood beside me. My fingers stilled as I glanced up at her. “Wonderful, Sarah, you're doing great. I can’t wait to hear the whole piece. Julliard will be lucky to have you,” she said, smiling. Her arms were crossed in front of her as she leaned on the edge of the piano.
“Thank you, Miss Fitzgerald. But I doubt I’ll get a job there after college.”
“Sarah, you could be a concert pianist, and yet you choose to teach. They should welcome you with open arms.” 
I blushed, unable to hide my excitement at her words, even though I couldn’t get my hopes up. I had always wanted to teach there, but I knew it was a difficult position to acquire. I would just have to wait and see.
Her words put me in a good mood, and after class was over, I headed to my locker, humming the tune I had been playing.
I had to ditch my books and get my lunch. As I fumbled with my locker door, my arms loaded with books, a blue spiral notebook slipped out of my fingers and landed on the floor with a thump.
I bent down to pick it up and realized it wasn’t my name scrawled on the front, it was Lucas Tate’s. His loopy handwriting was barely legible. Why did I have his book? I shoved it into my locker and ran outside to meet my friends; I’d figure it out later. 
They were at one of the far picnic tables. Since it was still warm outside, a lot of the tables that were placed throughout the schoolyard were occupied with other students that wanted to enjoy the sunshine. 
I strolled toward them, in no hurry, enjoying the heat of the sun on my face and the scent of grass as the janitor chugged along the football field on his riding lawn mower. The low purr of his motor, mixed with the temperature, made it feel like springtime. But we weren’t so lucky; it was only a matter of time before the air would turn cold. “Hey, guys” I said, sitting down next to Emma.
Derrick was on the other side, and I wouldn’t be surprised if they had been staring into each other’s eyes. They both had a huge crush on each other, but neither of them would admit it. The only reason I could think of for them to hold back their feelings was that we all had been best friends forever. Whether that was the reason or not, I had no idea.
“I heard you were late again,” Emma mumbled, her mouth full of ham sandwich. 
I opened my lunch, taking out the pepperoni and cheese sandwich, saving the apple and caramel snack cake for later. “I wasn’t that late, and besides, it wasn’t my fault. I bumped into someone and had to pick up my books.” I didn’t mention that I was running late before that happened.
Derrick opened his mouth to speak, except I wasn’t listening. I just realized why I had Lucas’ book. It was him that I bumped into. That explained the fast departure. 
Lucas Tate was his twin brother. And by his, I mean Logan Tate, the most popular guy in school, although nobody could figure out why. He was kind of a jerk, but got away with it because of his looks. He was the type of guy you could stare at all day, but hoped wouldn’t speak. He was also the boy who starred in my dream last night. 
Emma waved her hand in front of my face. “What are you thinking about?” 
Snapping out of my own thoughts, I looked over at her. “I just figured out who it was I bumped into this morning.”
Derrick glanced at me, his brow furrowed in confusion. “What do you mean, you just figured it out? How could you not know, were your eyes closed?” He smirked at his own joke. 
I blinked at him. “Ah…no, but he ran off before I saw who it was. When I was putting my books away, I realized I had an extra one, with Lucas Tate’s name on it.”
Emma’s eyes widened. “Well, that explains it.” She looked away from us as Martin Macpherson, star quarterback and the object of my six-month-long crush in tenth grade, rushed by, chasing after a fellow team member, Rudy Myer, who cradled a football. She gave me a knowing glance as my cheeks heated from habit more than actual interest, and then continued. “He never talks to anyone.”
She was right. Lucas was Logan’s twin brother, but they were nothing alike. Logan loved to be the center of attention while Lucas went out of his way to avoid it. The only people I ever saw him with were his two best friends, Andy Taylor and Kyle Roberts. They were good guys. I had a few classes with them, and we’ve talked some. 
Lucas was different in another way from his brother. He wore glasses and kept his coffee-colored hair long, almost reaching his shoulders, as if he didn’t care what it looked like. Logan’s was always cut short and styled to perfection, and he always dressed in the latest styles. Lucas, however, wore sweatshirts and jeans almost every day. 
I was deep in thought when I heard Derrick’s voice. “What is wrong with girls in this school?” 
“What are you talking about?” Emma asked, tossing back her long red curls and batting her thick lashes over her olive-green eyes. Why didn’t Derrick see when she was flirting? 
“Look at Allison Morey over there flirting with Logan. He treats people like crap, and stupid girls like her still hang all over him, just because he’s a pretty boy.” He shook his head. “I just don’t get it.”
While he was ranting, I glanced over to where Logan was sitting with his friends, and sure enough, there were a few girls flaunting themselves at him. 
“Don’t ask us, you don’t see me or Sarah over there, do you?” Emma defended us as girls who went to this school. I really couldn’t tell them that I was dreaming about him after this. It was true what they were saying, and I was not interested in Logan at all. Well, only to look at maybe. But why would I dream about him? 
“Oh my God, Sarah. I forgot to tell you.” Her green eyes were alight with excitement. “Guess who I saw this weekend when I was shopping in Langton with my mom.”
I stared at her, my mind blank. I had no idea who it could be. “The president?”
She chuckled, waving her sandwich at me. “No, dummy. Stephanie.”
Just the sound of her name gave me the chills. “Lucky you.” I grinned, thinking about the last time I saw her at the beach. My brown hair was still short after my unwanted cut, but styled in a cute spiky bob. My friends and I were enjoying a day of sun. Her mouth popped open in shock when she noticed me. Derrick, who knew about what had happened, draped his arm around me and whispered in my ear as though we were a couple. Of course we weren’t—he was my best friend—but she didn’t have to know that. A few of his buddies were also there, dressed only in swimsuits, showing off their tanned muscular bodies. 
To her, it looked like I was surrounded by three hunky guys all vying for my attention. So I wasn’t surprised that she stared at me coldly, shooting daggers in my direction. I just smiled and waved at her, making her so angry, she stomped off the beach with her puppets following her.
“Who’s Stephanie?” Derrick asked, but before I answered, his eyes widened. “Isn’t she that witch who cut your hair?”
Since he caught me with my mouth full, I just nodded.
“You really need to get back at her.” He shook his head, staring down at his soda can.
I swallowed. “Why, she’s a spoiled rich snob. I don’t care what she thinks.” I took a sip of my drink. “Besides, wouldn’t that be stooping to her level?”
“Who cares, she deserves it,” he shot back at me. Emma and I exchanged glances as he creased his brows in thought. “You know what you should do?”
I chuckled, never having seen this side of him before. “What?” I asked.
“Dye her hair green or her skin blue. Hell, a little hair removal in her shampoo bottle would do her some good.”
Who knew he could be so vindictive, and utterly girlish? All that was missing from his suggestions was hair pulling. I raised an eyebrow instead of answering. He shrugged. “So I watch too many cheesy chick flicks, it’s your fault.”
Emma laughed at him then turned to me. “So Sarah, what are you going to do about Lucas’ book?”
Derrick glanced at her and answered for me. “What’s the big deal, just go up and tell him that you have it. He’s sitting right over there.” He gestured with his hand. I looked over to where he pointed. Lucas was sitting with Andy and Kyle two tables away. I hoped he hadn’t heard us talking about him. 
Emma was glaring at Derrick like he’d lost his mind. “She can’t just go over there, he won’t talk to her.” 
“What’s the big deal?” he asked again, shrugging his shoulders. 
“You are such a guy.” She tossed the crust from her bread down on the table. Emma was the only seventeen-year-old I knew who still didn’t eat the crust on her sandwich.
I decided to interrupt them. “Oh my God, it’s not a big deal, I’m going.” They could bicker back and forth for hours if I let them. I just wished they’d finally kiss and get it over with.
I stood up and headed over to where Lucas and his friends were sitting. I could feel Emma and Derrick’s gazes on my back. 
As I approached their table, Kyle and Andy smiled and nodded to me. Andy asked if I was finished with my homework for our chemistry class, and I said yes. While we were talking, Lucas never looked up from the paperback he was reading. “Lucas?” I couldn’t keep the slight tremble out of my voice. Nothing; he still didn’t look up. “Lucas!” I said a little louder.
Andy and Kyle just shrugged. “Dude!” Andy smacked Lucas’ shoulder.
He finally glanced up at me, his glasses falling forward a bit. He pushed them back then glared at me with his deep hazel eyes. He was quite good-looking when you were close enough to notice. He was tanned, and his long brown hair suited him, giving him a rugged look. He had a strong jaw, and a sprinkle of freckles along the bridge of his nose.
“What?” he said, interrupting my thoughts.
I was a little flustered at his annoyed expression. “Um…I don’t know if you know me? My name is Sarah” 
“I know who you are,” he interrupted. 
“Well, you dropped your book when I bumped into you this morning. I didn’t bring it with me, but if you want to meet me at my locker, I can give it to you.” 
He looked at me like I was speaking a different language. “Why don’t you just bring it with you to history next period, and give it to me there.” 
I was shocked. “You’re in my history class?” 
Now he looked even more annoyed. “I sit behind you in the back corner, and you probably didn’t notice me because you’re always talking to Emma.” 
I felt a twinge of guilt, but it was quickly replaced by irritation. Why would it matter to him if I always talked to Emma? To my knowledge, he didn’t even know I existed before today. “Fine, I’ll do that.” My voice was cold, but I didn’t care. 
I nodded to the other guys and walked back to our table. “You were right. I shouldn’t have gone over there. He’s weird.” I told them what happened. 
As I knew she would, Emma gloated with an “I told you so.” 

 



 


Acknowledgments

Again, I have many people that helped with this new novel. First, I would like to thank my mother and my sisters Debbie and Brenda for listening to my constant talk about the book.

To Ashley Stoyanoff, author of The Souls Mark: Found, for all her pre-editing and advice.

Again, thanks to my husband, Brad, and children, Josh and Megan, for being patient with me while I was locked up in my room writing. I love you all.

To my mother in law Donna for her reading, pre-editing, and input.

And to Stephanie Mooney for creating such a great cover, and Christina Hickey for doing such a great job at editing.




About the Author


Christina Smith grew up in Kingston Ontario, Canada, and after getting married, moved to a small rural town in the country. She lives there with her husband, Brad, two kids, Josh and Megan, and their dog, Bailey. Even though the house is peaceful, surrounded by nature and the occasional deer, she’s still a city girl at heart. She misses civilization and visits with her mother and two sisters.

She spends a lot of free time writing and has numerous ideas for future novels for both young adult and adult fiction. 



Visit Christina’s website www.christinasmithbooks.com for more information about her books.






