


Riley’s Secret
A Moon’s Glow Novel
by 
Christina Smith







Published by Christina Smith 

Smashwords edition

Copyright ©2012 Christina Smith

Cover art © by Stephanie Mooney. All rights reserved

Edited by Christine LePorte





For my sweet daughter, Megan, who asked me to name a character after her.





Look for these other exciting titles by Christina Smith

Fated Dreams (Book one in the Affinity Series)

Delusions (Book two in the Affinity Series)

Riley’s Curse, A Moon’s Glow Prequel (only available as an eBook)


Prologue

The young man stood in the open meadow under the full moon’s glow. His clothes were folded neatly on an oversized tree stump. He knew what would happen when the moon shone freely, but tonight the reluctant monster welcomed the change. Normally, he avoided the call of his wild side at all costs. However, every excruciating pain, pull, and tearing of his limbs was worth it, because it would bring him closer to her.
When the transformation was complete, all signs of the young man had disappeared, and only a majestic wolf remained. He tipped his head up to face the moon and let out a chilling howl, which stopped suddenly as one thought entered the wolf’s mind. It was his only thought as he raced through the woodland, jumping over brush, undergrowth, and overturned logs. He revelled in the speed and strength he felt in his limbs, allowing himself to enjoy the run. He scented a rabbit, a squirrel, and even a deer, but he was not concerned with food at the moment; that would come later. His need was overpowering, taking away all other thoughts.
His paws thundered over the well-worn trail. This was not the first night he had taken the journey. The trail was miles long, but with his obsessed mind, he made it to his destination in no time. Finally, he broke through the trees and emerged onto a well-manicured lawn. He wasn’t concerned about being discovered: his mind was too far gone to be cautious.
The grey stone mansion stood above him, towering on the crest of a hill. He raced up to it, his paws digging into the abundant grass, taking his usual position next to a cedar bush. The smell of the flowers from the garden whirled around him, momentarily mixing with the only scent that mattered. Once he caught it, he followed it to the glass patio door. Cream-colored curtains were parted in the center, and he peered through, knowing what he would see. His heart raced with anticipation.
There she was, lying in her bed, her pale blue duvet pulled up to her neck, her fiery locks cascading over the soft, feathery pillow. The wolf yearned to touch the silky strands, knowing they would feel so soft in his hands, but the man inside knew it could never happen.




Chapter One
The Football Field



I remember the first time I realized I didn’t belong in my family. The three of us were in the back of our limo, stopped at a stop sign, when my father noticed a family of four standing at a bus stop. “What’s wrong with those people? How can they subject their children to public transportation?” he asked, his voice a mix of disgust and his usual arrogance. “It’s dirty and crowded.”
My mother nodded in agreement, her head bobbing up and down like the little bobble-head dogs you see on the dashboard of cars.
“Maybe they can’t afford a car, Dad, did you ever think of that?” I answered, feeling shocked and embarrassed by my father’s words.
“Maybe they should get a job, Megan. Did you ever think of that?” It was the first time, but not the last, that his voice was filled with irritation when he spoke to me.
I didn’t respond to his absurd words; I was stunned silent—and I was ten.
I’m no longer shocked when either of my parents says or does something cold and insensitive. It’s who they are, and I’ve long since accepted that.
When people tell me I look like my mother, I know they mean it as a compliment, but that’s not how I take it. While she is beautiful, with long, flowing platinum hair, pale blue eyes, and smooth, flawless skin, the saying beauty is only skin deep definitely applies to her. My hair is more of a strawberry-blond, a lot darker than my mother’s, and my eyes are green. It might not be a big deal to anybody else, but to me, it’s a visible difference between us, showing that I am nothing like her.
I have always felt like an imposter in my own life, sticking out like a sore thumb amongst my friends and family. All anybody sees when they look at me is an eighteen-year-old girl, wearing designer clothes and driving a shiny red convertible. I’m a Banks, rich, spoiled, popular, and given everything I want. But that is far from the truth. How can I have what I want, when I don’t know what that is?
For as long as I can remember I’ve felt something missing from my life, and sometimes believed it was a connection to another person. The closest I’ve come to that feeling was with our cook and gardener. Did that even count? Would they even be in my life if they weren’t paid to be?
Of course I had friends, although I wasn’t sure if they’d still be here if I had a different last name. Would I be a cheerleader hanging out with the captain and hunky football players if my father wasn’t senior partner in his law firm? Would my friends want to visit me if we didn’t have a pool, hot tub, and tennis courts? Sometimes my life felt so foreign, I expected to wake one morning to my true family. Go downstairs, have a real conversation with my parents, eating cereal and arguing with my siblings. My father would actually look up at me from behind his newspaper and smile as I stole a piece of his slightly burnt toast that my mother had made for him. Instead of the cook, who really was a substitute for my biological mother—who wouldn’t be caught dead out of bed before noon.
“Megan, are you coming?” my best friend, Mandy, asked as she leaned into my bedroom doorway, disrupting my thoughts.
I was staring at myself in the mirror, brushing my hair, letting my mind wander, and I forgot she was waiting for me. “Yes.” I stood up to grab my purse off of my bed. I turned once more to the mirror, and, satisfied that none of the lettuce from dinner was stuck in my teeth, I ran out of my room to catch up with Mandy.
As I bounded down the large, sweeping staircase, Mandy, who was ahead of me, slipped out the door and into the night. I didn’t quite make it before I heard a clicking sound coming down the marble hallway. I glanced over to see my mother heading toward me in her shiny, silver, spiked heels, wearing a skin-tight red designer dress.
God knows why she had to look as though she were a fashion model just sitting around her own house. But there was no point in trying to figure out why she did anything. I gave up a long time ago.
“Where are you going, Megan?” Her voice was like nails on a chalkboard, shrill and annoying. I wanted to say “like you care,” but even after all these years of my parents abandoning me for their charity events, spa trips, and eighty-hour work weeks, I still hoped one day we could be a close family like we were when I was little.
I stopped in my tracks, whirling around to confront her. The overwhelming smell of her perfume struck me as much as her beauty. Too bad her attitude didn’t match her appearance. I watched as her soft blue eyes narrowed and glared at me, waiting for me to answer the question. She had her hand on the stair railing, her perfectly manicured nails tapping the top impatiently. The sound reminded me of a drum beat.
“I’m spending the night at Mandy’s.” Without waiting for an answer, I turned, descending the rest of the stairs, and rushed out the door.
I heard her yell something about not giving me permission, but I left anyway. Since when was she so concerned about me?
“So, where to?” I asked Mandy, who was waiting patiently, playing with the car stereo. She glanced up and smiled after I climbed into the driver’s seat of my convertible. Since there was a chill in the air at night, the top was up. It was April and soon enough we’d be able to drive with it down.
“The football field. Brandon, Chris, Shane, and the rest of the team are meeting us there, but we have to pick up Jenny, her car is in the shop. Her father won’t let her use his because she got two speeding tickets last time he lent it to her.”
I laughed. Jenny didn’t care about other people’s belongings. To her it was her father’s duty to give her whatever she wanted, simply because she was his child. She was a little shallow, self-centered…and annoying. I asked myself often why she was my friend.
I pulled into Jenny’s driveway, which was just down the road from my house, and honked the horn.
“Don’t you want to go in?” Mandy asked me. Her hand was resting on the door handle, about to open it.
“No, if we go in she’ll take forever. Do you want to wait or hang out with the guys?” I leaned over to the stereo, flicking through the songs on the car’s mp3 player.
“That’s true; she isn’t one to rush when people are waiting.”
I rolled my eyes at that. She was the kind of person who would take her time because we were waiting.
Twenty minutes later Jenny strolled out of her house. Like mine, hers was a mansion, but while my family’s home was old and understated, with beautiful gardens and landscaping that wrapped around the classic architecture of the grey stone house, Jenny’s house screamed, “Look at me, I’m rich.” The outside was a salmon-colored stucco. The gardens were beautifully done but overshadowed by dozens of tacky sculptures. The worst was the cherub holding a bow and arrow. It stood in the centre of their fake pond, peeing. Classy, I know.
“Hey, guys, I hope I didn’t keep you waiting,” Jenny said sweetly, climbing into the back seat. She shoved Mandy a bit harder than necessary when she pushed the front seat forward.
“Oh, of course not. We’ve only been sitting here for twenty minutes,” I said coldly, annoyed with her already, and the night had barely begun.
“What’s your problem? I didn’t know you were here.” Jenny’s voice took on a defensive tone as she looked into her small makeup mirror. She fluffed her shoulder-length blond hair and scrunched up her lips, adoring her reflection in the mirror.
“Yeah, right,” I mumbled but decided to let it go. Mandy gave me a pleading look, begging me not to pick a fight with Jenny tonight. I nodded at her and pulled out of the driveway.
Jenny tucked her mirror into her clutch purse and asked, “So where are we going?”
Mandy turned in her seat to face Jenny. “The football field with the guys. I told you already when I called you to say we were on our way. Remember?”
“Oh, right, I forgot. I got into it with my dad again. He’s still refusing to pay to fix my car. He was going on and on tonight at dinner about being responsible if I want to have a car, this was my third accident, blah, blah, blah. I tuned him out after that. God, he’s getting so annoying, like it’s the end of the world because I’ve had three accidents. I can’t believe he thinks I should pay to fix it.”
I rolled my eyes. “Oh yeah, life is tough, isn’t it? How can he expect you to take responsibility for your own actions?”
“I know, right?”
Apparently, sarcasm was lost on her. I opened my mouth to tell her off, but a look from Mandy silenced me. For some reason, Mandy liked Jenny, and since Mandy and I were best friends, and had been since her father started to work at my dad’s firm ten years ago, I had to put up with Jenny, even if it killed me.
Five minutes later, I pulled into the nearly empty school parking lot, next to Shane’s enormous black SUV. God, it was obnoxious, but then again, so was Shane. No wonder he and Jenny were a couple; they were perfect for each other.
I tossed my purse in the front seat of the car, locked the doors, and followed my friends through the back of the school to the field.
“Look who’s finally here.” Shane sauntered up to Jenny, wrapping his arm possessively around her. “It took you long enough. Let me guess, Jenny kept you waiting,” he asked me, but his girlfriend started speaking before I could.
“Don’t encourage her. She’s already pissed at me, just because I took a little extra time getting ready. I had to look my best for you.” Her lips puckered into a pout as she leaned up to kiss him hungrily, almost making me gag. I had to turn away from their disgusting PDA before I hurled right there on the football field.
“Okay, that’s gross,” Brandon said, walking over to stand next to me.
“Really, guys, if you want to be alone, go in the bushes. We really don’t need to see it.” Chris approached us, wrapping his arms around Mandy. They had been going out for six months, and they were so cute together. They even looked alike with their black hair and blue eyes. There was quite a difference in size though. While Chris was almost six feet and broad shouldered, Mandy was short with a tiny frame, and her pixie haircut just made her appear smaller.
Shane pushed Jenny away but wrapped his arm around her shoulder. “So do any of you girls want a drink?” Shane gestured with his hand to a cooler with what looked like a twenty-four of beer inside. It was sitting on the grass in front of the bleachers.
I passed on the beer, climbing up the benches to sit down on the bleachers about four rows up. Jenny and Mandy helped themselves to a drink, choosing to sit down on the first row.
“Megan, you want one?” Brandon asked, holding a brown bottle up for me.
“No thanks, I’m driving,” I said, wondering why I came.
“So am I, but you don’t see me being a downer and saying no,” Shane said, twisting the cap off of a bottle.
“You’re right. I don’t ever see you saying no.” I stared at Shane coldly, unable to hide my irritation.
He glared at me, his jaw locked. “What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, taking a few steps toward the bleachers, his chest puffed out in a sign of aggression.
Brandon grabbed his shoulder. “I’m sure she didn’t mean anything. She was just agreeing with you.” He looked up at me, his eyes pleading. “Right, Meg?”
I decided it was a waste of time to give Shane a lecture on drinking and driving, so instead I gave him a fake smile. “Right,” I said with a nod.
Jenny, ignoring her boyfriend’s outburst, turned and glanced up at me. “So Megan, did Mandy tell you that I changed practice from ten on Sunday morning to two? My parents are having some brunch thing for my father’s work, so we can all meet at my place then, okay?”
“Whatever.” God, I hated cheerleading practice. I joined first year with Mandy, but slowly grew tired of it. I wanted to quit a few times, but Mandy always offered an excuse as to why I shouldn’t. The latest one was that I was needed for the cheer competition next month. So I would stick it out, but come June, I was free. I hated dressing in our skimpy uniforms and shaking our butts in front of hundreds of people. I felt like I was putting myself on display, and honestly hated being in the spotlight.
“Hey, Shane, will your shoulder be better by Friday?” Chris asked him while he sat down beside Mandy. Last Friday night at their weekly game of touch football with some of their teammates, it got a little rough.
“Yeah, I’ve been working on it, it’ll be fine.” He rolled his shoulder to demonstrate.
Jenny grabbed Shane and pulled him toward the corner of the bleachers so they could make out in semi-private.
Chris took Mandy’s hand, leading her toward the school.
Great, I was alone with Brandon again. This was what usually happened when we all got together: we paired up. But the problem was, Brandon and I were not a couple. Not that he didn’t want to be, I just didn’t like him that way. He was a good guy, but I didn’t think of him as anything more than a friend.
Brandon bent down and pulled out a beer. After opening it, he threw the cap in the cooler, and it made a pinging sound as it hit a glass bottle. “Do you mind if I join you?” he asked, staring up at me. His voice was deep and in the silence sounded loud.
“Sure, but you know how I feel.”
“I know, don’t worry.” He climbed the bleachers two at a time, plopping down on the bench next to me.
“Where’s the rest of the team?”
“I don’t know. We didn’t ask them to come. Why?”
I shook my head, realizing Mandy had lied to me, knowing I wouldn’t want to come if it was just the six of us. “Never mind.”
“Why do you always push him like that?” he asked, leaning his elbows back against the bench behind him, nodding his head to the back of the bleachers where Shane and Jenny were giggling.
I sighed. “I don’t know. Both of them are so selfish and irresponsible, they drive me crazy.”
“Then why do you hang out with them?” I raised my eyebrows at him. “Okay, let me rephrase. Why do you hang out with Jenny?”
I leaned my head back, staring up at the star-filled sky. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him gaze at me, waiting for my answer. “Mandy likes her. God knows why. And Mandy’s my best friend, so I put up with Jenny’s crap. Barely,” I added when he laughed.
Looking away from the twinkling stars, I turned my head to face him. “So why do you hang out with him? You’re not as obnoxious as he is.”
He laughed. “As obnoxious? Was that a compliment?” he asked. I nodded with a grin. “The three of us have been friends since grade school. Shane started acting like this our second year of high school after his parents got divorced. Chris and I have been friends with him for so long it seems habit now. We just ignore him when he acts like an ass.”
I knew they had been friends since they were young, but I never understood the dynamic. As I leaned my head back, staring at the stars again, I felt him lean against me. I pulled away and heard him sigh.
“So where are you going in the fall?” he asked, setting his beer on the bench beside him.
“Actually I’m taking a year off. I don’t know what I want to do with my life, and I didn’t want to waste my parents’ money going to school with no major. What about you, what are you taking?”
“Pre-law. I’m going to be a lawyer, whether I like it or not. Just like my dad, and his dad.” His father was a partner in my dad’s firm. My father was his boss.
Watching Brandon, I wondered why I couldn’t like him the way he wanted. He was very cute, with his wavy chestnut hair and deep brown eyes, his face filled with sharp lines and a strong jaw. He was always nice to me, but I just felt like there was something missing in my life, and I knew it wasn’t him.
“If you don’t want to be a lawyer, don’t be. You shouldn’t let your father dictate your life.”
He sighed, leaning his elbows on the bench behind him. “Well, he says he won’t pay for school if I don’t follow in the family business. But I don’t know what else to take, so I’m okay with it.” He took a frustrated drink from his beer, downed it, and then threw the empty bottle on the grass. It rolled a few feet, stopping inches from someone’s discarded backpack. Standing up, he turned to me. “You sure you don’t want one?” When I only nodded he stepped down the bleachers and pulled another beer from the cooler.
Mandy and Chris headed towards us, hand in hand, giggling to one another.
“Hey, I’ll have one,” Chris said to Brandon. Brandon took two more out and tossed them one at a time to Chris. He caught one, handed it to Mandy, and then caught the second one; the bottle clinked against his class ring.


Chapter Two
Hero


A couple of hours later I was ready to leave. It had been a boring night of watching them get wasted, and the more Brandon drank, the more handsy he became. He sat beside me with his arm wrapped around my shoulder. I’d get up to move to another bench. He’d get the hint and go hang out with the guys, only to try again a few minutes later. 
Mandy sat down on the bleacher beside me during one of the rare moments I was alone. “Isn’t this fun?” she slurred. She was working on her fourth, which was a lot for her.
“Yeah, I’m having a blast,” I mumbled, rolling my eyes.
“Well, you could try to have more fun, you know. Sooner or later Brandon’s going to give up and move on.”
“Good. I told you a million times I don’t like him that way. God, you always do this to me.”
“Do what?” she asked, blinking innocently at me.
“Get me into these situations. I thought there would be more people here. You know I don’t like Brandon, and yet I always seem to be paired up with him.”
“Well, he likes you, okay. I told you the rest of the team would be here because I knew you wouldn’t want to come if it was just us. I’m just trying to help.”
“I’m your friend. You should try to help me.” I sighed, tired of fighting with her over the same thing. I stood up and stared down at her. “I’m tired, I want to go.”
“Come on, it’s just getting fun. They’re about to get out the fireworks.”
Just as she spoke, I saw something fly into the sky from where the three guys were huddled in the middle of the field.
“They thought we could use something to celebrate the fact that we only have two more months of high school. Isn’t it awesome?” Her head was tipped up, watching as red and blue erupted in hundreds of lights with a loud bang. The smell of sulfur hovered in the air.
I had to admit, they were pretty. Maybe the evening would take a turn for the better. I have always loved fireworks. One of the times my parents paid attention to me when I was a child was on the Fourth of July. They used to always have a barbeque for my father’s office and he would spare no expense with the fireworks. My parents would gather around me and make a big deal of making sure I was comfortable enough. And together we’d watch the pretty lights. It wasn’t until I was older that I noticed that as the last of our guests left, all the attention I received from my parents disappeared as well.
Even though the memory stung a little, it didn’t take away my love for fireworks. One of my favorite things to do is to watch the stars at night. So adding to them with multiple colors just made me happier.
I sat down and watched the beautiful designs in the sky. I was so enthralled with the show, I didn’t even notice Brandon take the seat next to me and wrap his arm around my shoulder.
Shane lit another one that shot up, leaving a trail of smoke. Everyone looked into the sky, waiting. But nothing happened.
“Damn, it’s a dud,” Chris said, taking the lighter from Shane. “I’ll do it.” He took another one and lit it. This time the rocket shot up into the sky with a loud buzzing sound, then a loud boom that seemed to echo. I was sure I heard the firecracker go off twice.
Above us were thousands of clear lights shaped as a snowflake. It was so beautiful that I almost didn’t notice a loud bang to the right, and a bright red glowing light. I looked closer and realized why. The “dud” had landed on a roof, and now that roof was on fire.
“Oh my God, that house is on fire,” I yelled. 
Brandon yanked his arm off my shoulder and stood up. I followed suit, starting to panic. “Oh shit. Guys, look,” he said, pointing to the house that now had smoke and flames rising above it.
Without thought, I took off running to my car.
“Megan, what are you doing?” Brandon yelled from way behind me.
“I’m going to get my phone to call nine-one-one.” I reached my car and opened the door. Taking my phone off of the dash where I had left it, I called with the location of the house before anybody else reached the parking lot. I was just getting in the driver’s seat when they ran toward me. Shane was carrying the cooler. A house was on fire, but he couldn’t forget his beer.
I turned the ignition and was about to lift my foot off the brake to pull out of the lot when Brandon pounded on the hood. I stopped to look at him.
“Where are you going?” he asked with a frightened expression on his face.
“To the house. I have to see if there’s anyone home, someone could get hurt.” I let up on the brake again, but Brandon grabbed my shoulder through the window.
“No, you’ll get in trouble.”
“Are you serious?” I asked, trying to figure out why everyone was just standing in the parking lot staring at me.
“Megan, come on, it’ll be fine. You called nine-one-one, let’s go,” Mandy pleaded.
I gaped at her, and then at the others. No one moved. No one looked me in the eye either. It was obvious that they didn’t care about the possibility of somebody getting hurt; all that mattered to them was their own skin. “I hope all of you sleep well tonight,” I said, stepping on the gas and pulling out of the lot, flinging gravel from under my tires.

I stopped in front of the red brick two-story house. There were two cars parked in front of the garage, which meant someone must be home. All the lights were out so I assumed that the family was asleep. Smoke and flames were still at the back of the house where the rocket hit the roof, but it was slowly moving forward.
I ran up to the front door and tried to open it, but of course it was locked. Looking around, I saw a large bay window on the first floor. I rushed over, hoping it was open, but again I couldn’t budge it.
I ran back to the door and pressed the doorbell continuously, hoping that I might wake them. When that didn’t work, I started banging my fists in frustration, yelling and screaming until my throat hurt. I wanted to help more, I just didn’t know how.
“What’s going on? What are you doing?”
I turned around at the sound of a deep voice, and saw Nate Green standing behind me on the porch. We went to the same school, but I didn’t know him very well.
“The roof is on fire. Look.” I pointed up to see that the flames were starting to spread to the front of the house. He rushed over and tried to turn the doorknob. “It’s locked, and since there are cars in the driveway I think someone’s home.” My voice was filled with the panic I felt inside.
We heard crying from upstairs and looked up to see a little girl leaning out of her window.
Nate shoved me aside and kicked the door down with his foot. He was about to run in when he noticed me following him. He spun around. “What are you doing?”
“I’m coming, this is my fault. I want to help,” I cried, trying to shove past him.
He stared at me in surprise, and then blocked my way with his arm. “You’re not going in there,” he said with a low growl. Something in the way he looked at me stopped me in my tracks. His bright blue eyes turned wild, and for a split second I felt a chill.
The chill was enough to keep me in my place. “Fine, I’ll wait down here, but hurry up.”
He took off up the stairs faster than I thought possible.
I waited for what seemed like hours, until I finally heard the sound of whimpering. Nate was coming down the stairs carrying two kids, a boy and a girl, both in pajamas. They were holding on for dear life and he had to pry their hands off of his arms when he set them down in front of me. “Take them to your car, get away from the house. I’m going back for their parents,” he yelled. Before I could argue that the fire was getting out of control, he ran back up the stairs.
I picked up the little girl, who looked about three, and held her older brother’s hand, leading them to my car.
Once in the car, I turned on the interior light so the kids wouldn’t be so frightened, then watched out the windshield for Nate with a knot of panic in my stomach.
The fire had now spread to the front of the house. Smoke and violent red flames poured out of broken windows. The black smoke rolled out and covered the top part of the house. I was starting to worry about Nate and the parents. Just as I was about to get out and run after them, a shadow emerged from the front door. Once it moved away from the house, and the smoke, I saw that it was Nate coming out with a man on one side of him and a woman on the other. The woman looked close to unconsciousness.
He led them to a bench in front of the house. They sat down as we heard sirens coming down the street.
“Fire truck,” the little girl said, pointing to the first shiny red rig that stopped on the lawn. Three more pulled up behind it.
“That’s right, a fire truck. They’re going to put out the fire.” I patted her on the head, wishing I could do more to give her comfort. She smiled up at me with big brown eyes that were filled with a mix of fear and excitement. She had coffee-colored curly hair that came to her shoulders, and she was wearing a pink flowered nightgown.
“What’s your name?” she asked me, touching the heart pendant on my necklace.
“My name is Megan. What’s yours?”
“Kara.” Her voice was a soft whisper.
“That’s a pretty name. What’s yours, little guy?” I asked the boy, who looked about four. He was wearing pajamas covered in soccer balls, baseballs, and footballs. His hair was the same color as his sister’s, but his eyes were blue.
“Billy,” he said shyly. His gaze never moved from the fire truck as the firefighters jumped out and started to pull out the hose.
I heard another siren and saw an ambulance pulling up behind the fire truck. I watched all the chaos unfold as the three of us sat safely huddled inside my car. There were about twenty firefighters running around, pulling out the hoses and ladders.
Paramedics were checking the parents. Bystanders, who had started to watch, were being pushed back to a safe distance by police officers. There were two cruisers parked behind my car.
Nate stayed close to the parents, watching the paramedics take care of them, but they were now sitting up on the bench looking much better. He suddenly glanced over at us, remembering we were still here, and then jogged over to stand beside the car.
I rolled the window down. “Are they okay?” he asked, nodding to the kids.
“Yes, they’re fine, how about the parents?”
“They’ll be okay,” he snapped. Even though he was covered in black soot, I could see the disapproval on his face. He glared at me coldly then walked away.
What was his problem? Nate was not a guy anyone could figure out. He started at our school three years ago, and all the girls fell for him. Who could blame them? He was tall with broad shoulders and muscular arms. He had thick wavy sand-colored hair and deep blue eyes, a strong jaw, and slight dimples that popped out on the rare occasion when he smiled. He had the kind of looks that girls daydreamed about. But it was soon obvious that he wasn’t interested in dating anyone from school.
He kept to himself except for the kids he tutored. He was picky about that as well. A few girls thought they could use his tutoring to get to know him, but he told them flat out that he didn’t tutor for rich families, only those who couldn’t afford one. I laughed when he turned Jenny down. She was so sure she would be the one to finally date the hottest guy in school. Of course, she made up a rumor about him being gay after he turned her down. It didn’t seem to bother him though. If anyone said anything to him, he just kept walking with a blank expression on his face.
The guy intimidated the heck out of me. Not that I knew him very well, but there was just something about him that made you feel inferior. He was so good, you could never compete morally.
I did know something about him that no one else did though. One day about a year ago, I was running late for school, the halls were empty, and everyone had already started class. I was leaving my locker when I heard voices around the corner.
“What are you doing? I told you not to talk to me at school.” The voice was deep, and I didn’t recognize it.
“No one is in the halls, Nate, I just said hi. What’s the big deal?” I couldn’t tell who the girl was, but she did sound familiar. I slowed down, not wanting to interrupt. It was rare that anyone got a chance to hear Nate speak.
“She’s coming,” he said softly. That was strange. Who was he talking about? I rounded the corner and only saw Lauren Riley. Nate was nowhere to be seen. She looked flustered at seeing me.
“Hi, Lauren,” I called, walking up to stand in front of her. “Was that Nate Green I heard you talking to?”
“No, I was alone. You must be hearing things,” she said, stepping quickly to my left before I could block her. I heard her shoes clicking hurriedly down the hall as I stood in a daze in the middle of the empty corridor, wondering what had just happened.
“Fire truck!” Billy yelled, bringing me back to the present.
“That’s right, Billy, fire truck. Look at the firemen; they’re putting the fire out.” I jumped at the sound of a bang on the driver’s side window. A paramedic was standing outside, waiting for me to roll it down.
“Excuse me, miss, I would like to check out the children now,” he said, opening the door. He was about the same age as my dad, maybe in his forties. His hair was receding and the little hair he had was mostly grey. I climbed out and then turned around to help the kids.
While they were being checked out, I stood back and waited.
“The parents are fine, just smoke inhalation. How are the kids?” Nate asked, suddenly appearing next to me.
“He hasn’t said anything yet, but I think they’re all right.”
“And how would you know that, are you a doctor?”
“No, but I have been sitting in here with them all this time. What’s your problem?” I asked, sick of his attitude.
“Nothing. The police want to take your statement. I’ve already given mine,” he said with a scowl before he walked away, heading in the direction of the four police officers. He said something to a woman, and gestured to me. She glanced in my direction, her face serious. After a word to her partner, she headed over to where I was standing beside my car.
“Megan Banks?” she said as she approached. Her long brown hair was pulled into a ponytail, and she was wearing a black dress suit. Her badge hung on a long chain around her neck.
“Yes.”
“My name is Detective Carver. I understand you were the first one to notice the fire. Can you tell me where you were, and what you were doing?”
I couldn’t tell her what really happened. I didn’t agree with what my friends did, but I wouldn’t rat them out either. “I was at the school, hoping I could get into my locker. I forgot my math book, but all the doors were locked. I was getting back in my car when I noticed smoke coming from this house. I raced over after I called nine-one-one.”
She didn’t seem to believe me. “And you were alone?”
“Yes.”
“Wait right here.” She walked back over to the two men in police uniforms and spoke to them briefly. After their talk, the men climbed into a police cruiser and drove away.
Detective Carver and another man made their way back over to me and asked me to wait in my car for a few minutes. I did as they said, scared out of my mind.



Chapter Three
Riley House

I sat in my car for about half an hour, watching the men finally put the fire out. Just as the firemen were packing up I saw Detective Carver talking on her cell phone. When she hung up, she spoke briefly to the other detective, and then they both headed back in my direction. I climbed out of the car and, with a feeling of dread in the pit of my stomach, I leaned against the bumper to wait.
“Megan, this is my partner, Detective Alberts,” she said, once they stood in front of me.
“Hello, Megan. Detective Carver tells me that you were in the school parking lot when you saw the smoke?”
“Yes.”
When Carver’s cell phone rang, she took a step away from us to listen to the caller.
Alberts ignored her and kept up his questioning. “That’s strange, because when you look over at the school from here, you can only see the football field. How did you see the house from the front of the school?”
“I didn’t say I could see the house. I said I could see the smoke.”
“Oh, I see.” He glanced over at his partner, and watched as she hung up her cell phone.
“Are you sure you were alone at the school, Megan?” Detective Carver asked, sliding her cell into her jacket pocket.
I wasn’t sure what to do, so I gulped. “Um…yes.” It sounded more like a question than an answer.
“Did you happen to see anyone on the school property?”
“I…I didn’t see anyone, but that doesn’t mean there wasn’t anyone there. Why?”
“Because the officers I sent over to take a look at the schoolyard found beer bottles and fireworks on the field. I would think you would have heard them if you were in the parking lot.”
“Maybe that was from last night.”
“Well, I just got off the phone with the football coach, and he said the field was clean at today’s practice.” She was leaning on the police car, and then pushed off, walking over to stand in front of me. “Who are you covering for?”
“No one.” I glanced around the area nervously and saw Nate standing near the parents, but his focus wasn’t on them, it was on me.
“Did you know that the fire chief found remnants of a firecracker on the roof where the fire originated?” Alberts asked me.
I wasn’t going to answer. It was obvious they knew what happened. I couldn’t tell them what they wanted to know.
“So you’re not going to say anything?” Detective Carver asked.
“I already told you what happened.”
“Well, I’m sorry, but I don’t believe you. I think you’re covering for some friends. I don’t think you had anything to do with it. It’s obvious you weren’t drinking, and you tried to help the family. If you weren’t banging on the door, Mr. Green”—referring to Nate—“would not have known what was going on, and the family probably would have died.” She paused, letting the seriousness of the situation set in. “I know you’re a good person, so do the right thing and tell us who is responsible.”
I folded my arms in front of me, staring at her with defiance.
“Okay, Alberts, I guess she’s not going to talk. Cuff her.”
“What? You can’t do that!” I backed up, raising my hands in front of me. I felt a rush of fear; I couldn’t believe this was happening.
“All the evidence points to you. You were at the scene of the crime, plus you called nine-one-one. And we have a witness who says you admitted it. Since you won’t tell us who really did this, we’re going to have to arrest you.” She gestured with her hand to Detective Alberts. He came over and put my hands behind my back, snapping handcuffs on my wrists. The metal cuffs were tight, cold, and dug into my skin as he led me to the cruiser.
“But I didn’t do anything,” I shrieked, the air rushing out of me as panic began to seep in.
“Prove it. Tell me who you’re covering for.” When I didn’t respond, she began reading me my rights, only I didn’t hear the words. I was so terrified, my mind went blank.
Once inside the back of the cruiser, I glanced at Nate through the closed window. He just stared at me in disgust. If I hoped he would try to help me, I’d be wrong.

“Where’s my car?” I asked after I was fingerprinted and my mug shot taken.
“Impound. You can have one phone call. Here you go,” Detective Carver said, handing me an old black rotary phone with a cord.
“Dad!” I cried when I heard my father’s sleepy voice through the receiver.
“Megan, where are you?”
“Don’t freak out, okay. But I’m in jail.”
“What? What happened?” His voice sharpened with what I chose to believe was fear for me, not embarrassment or anger.
“I went to the school hoping to get in so I could get a book out of my locker. I saw that a house was on fire, and I called nine-one-one. I tried to help the family. But I’ve been arrested.” I heard him swear on the other end, and then silence. “Dad?” I asked.
“Go on.” His voice was hoarse.
“The police think that I’m covering for the people that started it, and I think they arrested me to make me talk.”
“Are you covering for someone?” he asked.
I didn’t answer.
He sighed heavily; the weight of the world was in that sound. “Okay, I’ll be right over with Edwin.” Edwin was my dad’s lawyer. My father used to be a lawyer and still is, but he runs the business now, and doesn’t practice often.
“Thank you.”

Three hours later, I was in my room getting ready for bed. Edwin had bailed me out of jail, but unless I told them who it was that started the fire, I was stuck with two hundred hours of community service. I was their only suspect and apparently the evidence wasn’t on my side. I had to start tomorrow. Not really what I had in mind for a Saturday.

After my shower the next morning, I stared at the rows of clothes in my walk-in closet, wondering what was appropriate to wear when feeding the poor. I was to report at a soup kitchen and help serve lunch. I guessed that wearing the latest styles from the best designers wasn’t a good idea, but since my mother bought me expensive clothes when she felt guilty for not spending time with me, it was all I owned. I finally decided on a simple black fitted T-shirt and a pair of jeans; at least no one would see the labels. I pulled my hair into a ponytail, wearing only eye makeup and lip gloss.
“Hey, Mona, how are you this morning?” I asked our cook when I stepped into the kitchen. She had been my nanny until I was twelve, but when I couldn’t let her go, she stayed on as one of our cooks. I considered her my mother more than the person who gave birth to me.
Mona looked up from her mixing bowl and stared at me in amazement. “My goodness, girl, it’s only ten o’clock on a Saturday. What are you doing up?” She was in her fifties, and her long brown hair that was always pulled up in a bun was starting to turn grey. She lived with her husband Ben here in a small cottage on the property. He was our gardener.
I sat down on a stool in front of the kitchen island, where she was making her famous banana pancakes. “I guess you didn’t hear what happened to me last night?” I asked, pouring myself some orange juice out of the jug in front of me.
“Oh, I heard.” Her brow was raised, her voice irritated. “What is wrong with you? Why would you let yourself get arrested for those losers you call friends?” she said, pointing at me with the wooden spoon she was using to stir the pancake mix.
“They’re not all losers.”
She sighed, leaning over the counter toward me. “I know you think Mandy is different, but if you really sat down and thought about everything she has gotten you into, you might change your mind.”
“I don’t want to talk about her right now. I need to eat and get going. I have to report to Riley House this morning by eleven.”
“What for?”
“Edwin got me out last night, but I have to do two hundred hours of community service.”
“How did he manage that in the middle of the night?”
With the glass poised in front of me, about to take a sip, I answered her, “He woke up a judge.”
She laughed. “What that man wouldn’t do when your father speaks.” She flipped a perfectly round pancake onto my plate, and then poured a generous amount of batter into the now empty skillet. “You know your mother was worried about you. She told me she didn’t want you to go out, and then you didn’t call until one in the morning.”
I stabbed a piece of pancake from my plate. “If she was so worried, why didn’t she come with Edwin to get me? And when I got home she was in bed.” I popped the forkful into my mouth and chewed. Once I swallowed I continued. “But the worst is Dad. When I called him, he said that he would be right over, but what he meant was, he’d send Edwin.” I took another bite, but didn’t taste the sweet maple syrup or the banana flavor, only the burn in my throat. I wouldn’t cry over my parents’ neglect anymore. I promised myself that two years ago when I sat opening presents on Christmas morning with our cook and gardener.
She gave me the look she usually gave me when my parents screwed up—a cross between pity and sadness. She would never speak against my parents, but her silence always spoke volumes. She lifted the pan and tilted it. The pancake fell onto a waiting plate.
After I finished my breakfast, I waved goodbye to Mona and headed to my punishment. The drive there seemed to go way too fast. I was nervous, and a little bit scared. I had no idea what to expect, and I hoped my nerves would settle on the way over, but no such luck. When I turned onto Addison Avenue, my stomach did flip-flops.
I pulled up in front of a very large house that looked a lot like a bed-and-breakfast. Did I have the wrong place? I glanced at the address I was given for Riley House and then looked back at the numbers on the yellow home. The numbers matched. But it must be wrong. I was expecting more of an industrial building, with garbage overflowing in a big Dumpster outside. But this was not what I saw. Riley House was just what the name implied, a house. It was a large, three-story, yellow-sided colonial-looking structure, with white shutters and huge white columns that held up the covered porch. The porch was lined with a few wrought-iron chairs, benches, and a covered swing. I had the instant feeling of lounging on it with a glass of lemonade. A girl about twelve, with long black hair, sat on one of the chairs hunched over an MP3 player.
At the sound of a horn behind me, I pulled into the driveway that wrapped around the house, and into a parking lot.
I slid into the spot next to a black sports car. The car seemed to be a couple years old, but in a homeless shelter it really stuck out. I was glad that my red convertible wouldn’t be the only flashy car in a lot full of station wagons and rusted trucks. I turned off my car and stared at the back door, where a sign that said “New volunteers report to the front door” hung above it.
Riley House was a place for people to go if they needed anything—food, shelter, even help finding work. I had heard about it on the radio, but had never been. It was built by one of Lauren’s ancestors. Their family was one of the most generous in this town. They were also the oldest. The Riley family had been here since the eighteen hundreds. The first Riley’s department store opened in this town and now they were located all over the world.
Realizing I was about to be late for my first day, I grabbed my bag and climbed out. I rushed past the girl with the MP3 player. The music was blaring through the ear buds, and with her eyes closed, she didn’t even notice me walk by.
I entered the building into chaos. There were children reading books and playing board games in a game room set up to the right. One boy was screaming as he chased a little girl around with a rubber snake.
To the left was a bunch of adults watching TV and reading magazines. In front of me, a woman in her forties was sitting at a desk, talking on the phone. She was pretty, with long honey-colored curly hair and blue eyes. A pencil that was stuck behind her ear peeked out of the curls.
“Yes, please, and we’ll need them this afternoon. We want to treat everybody. Today is Frank’s fiftieth birthday; we need a cake.” She paused, listening to the person on the other end. “Thank you,” she said, hanging up the phone. Then she noticed me. “Can I help you?”
“Yes, I’m looking for Julia Benton?” I glanced at the form the man at the police station’s front desk had given me to make sure I had the right name.
“That’s me. Are you Megan Banks?” she asked with a frown. Great, more people looking at me with disapproval. When I nodded, she handed me another form. “Take this to the kitchen and report to your supervisor. You’ll be working with him. Just do what he tells you.”
I thanked her and headed in the direction she pointed. I heard a mixture of sounds, pots banging, voices, laughter, and loud, out-of-tune singing. I stood at the entrance of the bright, spacious kitchen, watching the activity for a few seconds, and then took a deep breath before stepping forward towards the person closest to me. He was wearing jeans and a black T-shirt with a white apron. His black hair was messy and a little damp; it fell into his dark brown eyes. He looked about twenty. He stood in front of a large counter making sandwiches. “Hi. Could you tell me where I could find, ah…?” I glanced down at the form. “Nathan.”
A grin spread slowly across his face before he looked me up and down. “Are you sure you’re not looking for Eddie?” He leaned against the counter, giving me a flirtatious grin. “’Cause that would be me.”
I smiled. “I’m sure.”
“Fine then, you want the boss man. He’s the one elbow deep in pots and pans.” He pointed to a guy washing dishes at the back. Nathan had been the one singing loudly; everyone close to him was singing along and laughing. After I thanked Eddie, I walked slowly over to my supervisor, weaving around a girl that was about sixteen with black hair and a pink streak down the center of her head. She glared at me as I stepped past her. She was standing beside Eddie, helping with the sandwiches. I ignored her, but dodged a large bowl that was almost jammed into my stomach. “Sorry,” a man in his thirties said, smiling as he rushed past me.
I finally managed to get to the sink, where three people were doing the dishes. A teenage girl with blond hair in braids was drying, and a woman in her mid-twenties was putting them away. I approached the guy that was to be my supervisor, wondering if any of these people had heard of dishwashers.
He was tall, maybe six feet, and his wavy blond hair almost reached his shoulders. “Excuse me, are you Nathan?” I asked quietly.
He turned around, smiling. “That’s me, but you can—” He stopped speaking when he saw who I was. But I knew what he was about to say: “You can call me Nate.” The person that was in charge of my community service was none other than Nate Green. His smile disappeared, replaced by a scowl. “What are you doing here? I thought you were in jail.” He tossed a plastic dish he had just washed into the empty sink, where it clanged against the stainless steel.
“I was, thanks to you. Now I have two hundred hours of community service to do, so if you don’t mind, I guess I have to report to you, as much as I hate to say it.”
He grabbed my arm roughly, but when his hand touched my skin, it was surprisingly soft. He dragged me through the busy kitchen to the front desk, with curious faces staring as we passed.
Once we were standing in the front hallway, he let go of me. “You can’t be serious, Julia. I am not working with her.” Disgust dripped from his words.
Julia dropped the pen she had been holding and leaned back in her office chair. “Nathan, she’s a volunteer. You are in charge of the volunteers, remember?”
“No, she’s not; she’s forced to be here. It’s not the same thing.”
“Doesn’t matter the reason, she’s here to help. Now put her to work.”
He scowled at me again, and then a slow grin appeared on his face. That grin suddenly made me nervous. “Fine, after you help serve lunch, you’ll be in charge of cleaning the washrooms.” He leaned against the desk, crossing his arms in front of him.
I gulped, but made sure he didn’t notice. “What do you mean?”
“You know, cleaning the toilets. I’m sure you’re great at that, Princess.”
I cringed inside. He was right; I had never cleaned a toilet before. Actually, I had never cleaned anything before, but I certainly wouldn’t be telling him that. All I wanted to do was wipe that smug look off his face. “Anything I can do to help.” My voice was all sweetness. 
He scowled again, obviously expecting a different reaction from me, like maybe running out the door screaming, but I wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. “Fine, follow me.” 
As I walked away, I thought I saw Julia smile.




Chapter Four
A Purpose


Nate put me with Eddie and Mia, the girl with the pink stripe in her hair, making sandwiches. As I buttered bread and added ham and cheese, Eddie chatted with me while Mia ignored us completely.
Eddie told me tales of growing up on the east side of Creekford. His family was poor, and he grew up trying to stay out of trouble. He also told me of the times he would steal from the corner store to put food on the table for his two younger siblings. He never saw his mother, and his father died when he was little. His mother worked two jobs and it still wasn’t enough.
By the time we were ready to serve the food, I was almost in tears. I hid it well though; Eddie had no idea who my family was, and I had no intention of telling him.
“So where are you from, Megan?” 
Why did he have to ask me that?
Thankfully, a woman stood in front of me with her plate out. I asked her what kind of sandwich she wanted. “Roast beef please,” she said with a friendly smile. I handed her the sandwich, hoping Eddie would forget his question. Of course I wasn’t that lucky.
“So, Megan, where are you from?” Eddie repeated.
Nate was walking behind us and heard him. He wrapped an arm around my shoulder, but it was in no way a friendly gesture. “Didn’t she tell you her last name? She’s a Banks,” he said before continuing down the line, checking to see if we had enough food.
My cheeks heated, embarrassed for myself, and for Eddie.
“Oh, you’re a Richie, are you? That’s okay, so is boss man.” He was smiling as he said this. I thought he would feel embarrassed after telling me about his life, but thankfully he didn’t seem to be. “So what did you do to Nate?”
I plopped a sandwich on the plate of a man who was wearing a button on his grey dress shirt that said “Birthday Boy.” He was a large man, with hair that looked like it had once been black, but there wasn’t much left, so I couldn’t be sure. “You must be Frank,” I said, grinning at him, remembering Julia on the phone talking about a cake.
He returned the smile and added a wink. “I am, and you must be the new girl I heard about.” 
“Yes, my name is Megan.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Megan,” he said as he was about to walk away. I placed a second sandwich on his plate. He looked up at me, surprised. 
“Happy birthday.”
He smiled again, nodded, and continued down the aisle.
“Are you going to tell me, or are you going to make me guess?” Eddie said, still waiting for my answer.
“I didn’t do anything to him. Why?”
“Because he doesn’t seem to like you, and I’ve never seen him that way with anyone before. I’ve been coming here for two years, since I was the getaway driver in a corner store robbery. Like you, I had to do community service here. He was extremely helpful and kind. He really helped me get my life together, and even signed me up for a scholarship for college.” He paused when a short bald man approached him, wanting some salad. He placed some on his plate and continued. “I’m just finishing my first year. I’m going to be a lawyer. A public defender actually, I want to help people. Nate has a way about him; he inspires others to do their share. Actually, a lot of people that volunteer here don’t come by choice.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. Why was Nate being so rude to me when he was so great to Eddie and the others? They were here for the same reason I was. “I don’t know why he doesn’t like me. We go to the same school, but I hadn’t spoken to him until last night.”
“Last night?” His brow furrowed. “Oh, you’re the chick who burned down that house.”
I dropped the metal tongs I was holding just as I was about to pick up a sandwich for a little girl with midnight-black ringlets. “What are you talking about? I never started the fire.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t judge, given my history.”
I had picked up the tongs, but now I slammed them on the table. The metal smacked against the wooden surface. “I didn’t. Why do you think that?” I yelled, causing some of the other volunteers, especially Mia, to look in our direction.
His face turned to confusion as he held up both hands in surrender. “Hey, don’t look at me. I heard it from Nate. He said you told him that.”
“I never said anything to him.”
“Then why are you here?”
I sighed, hating that my life was turning into a B movie. “The police think I know who did it, and are punishing me because I won’t give them their names.”
“Been there. I wouldn’t squeal back then either. Today I might.”
I saw Nate standing near the door of the game room. “Can you cover for me, Eddie?” I asked, handing him the tongs I was using.
“Sure. Give him hell.”
“Oh, I intend to.” I marched over to Nate and shoved him. He fell back a bit, a look of surprise on his face. “How dare you tell other people that I started that fire,” I said in a low growl. I was mad, but I didn’t want to draw any more attention to myself.
His familiar scowl crossed his face. “Get back to the serving line,” he said with a dismissive tone, turning away from me.
I grabbed his arm, making him face me again. “Why do you think I started the fire?” I whispered.
“You told me you did last night.” He leaned his arm against the doorjamb and the smug, I’m better than you look he was famous for returned.
Now I remembered Detective Carver telling me that a witness said that I admitted to starting the fire. It was Nate. He was the reason I was handcuffed, fingerprinted, and spent most of the night in a police station. I wanted to hate him for what he did, but instead, I felt the need defend myself. I didn’t want him or anyone to think I could do such a thing. “No, I didn’t.”
He rolled his eyes and sighed like he was dealing with a four-year-old having a temper tantrum “When I stopped you from entering the house you said you had to help because this was your fault. Remember?”
I hadn’t remembered saying that until now. I was so afraid for the family that at the time, most of what happened was a blur. “I didn’t mean it literally. I meant that I knew who did it.”
“Then why won’t you tell the police?”
I was silent. I didn’t know how to answer that.
He sneered, and a fraction of his left dimple appeared. “That’s why you’re here, right? Because you won’t tell them who did it.” My silence confirmed it. “Well, then, I’m sorry for misinterpreting you, but you should tell the police what they want to know. I bet I could figure it out. You don’t hang out with all that many people. I could probably call them right now and guess that the five friends you eat with every day at school were involved.” The shock on my face brought out a real smile on his. “I thought so. But don’t worry, I won’t say anything. It should come from you. But if I figured it out, don’t you think the police can?” With that, he walked away, leaving me speechless.
“So what happened? He still looked pretty pissed,” Eddie said, handing me my tongs as I slinked back to my spot beside him.
“Now he doesn’t approve that I won’t tell who did it.”
“That doesn’t sound like him. He’s very understanding, even though he’s perfect.”
“Not to me he’s not.” I tried to forget about Nate and focus on why I was here, handing off a sandwich to the last person in line.
Eddie started to clean up his section, picking up lettuce that had fallen onto the table and placing the tongs into the large plastic bowl. “Maybe his problem has nothing to do with the fire.”
I turned to face him. “Well, what is it then?”
He picked up the bowl. “Beats me. Maybe you should ask him.” He walked away, heading for the kitchen.
I cleaned up my section, picked up my tray, and followed him.

After the lunch dishes were taken care of, Nate told me I could take a break. I sat down at one of the tables to eat a sandwich and a tossed salad. Julia came into the room and took the empty seat next to me. “How’s it going so far?”
“Good. My feet hurt though. This might surprise you, but I’ve never worked before.”
“No, I’m not surprised.” She laughed. “I wanted to apologize for the way I looked at you this morning. Nate told me he was wrong about what happened last night.”
I froze, my fork in midair, and turned to her. “God, did he tell everyone?” I asked, rolling my eyes.
She smiled. “Probably just Eddie and me; we’re his favorites.” She poured some dressing over her salad and began mixing it into the lettuce with her fork.
“He’s so different here. You know, I’ve never seen him speak to anyone at school unless he’s tutoring.”
“He’s happiest here. He loves helping people.”
“Eddie called him the boss man. What does that mean? He’s younger than Eddie,” I asked, before taking a bite of my salad.
“Just that he’s been here longer. And he has a passion about this place. He worked at the one in Philadelphia before he moved here. He’s been volunteering since he was a kid. The Rileys know him somehow. I’m not sure, they’re not clear on the details, but they put him in charge a lot.” She eyed me while taking a bite of her salad. “After you clean the bathrooms, do you want to help me out? I’m going to be working with some women who have job interviews next week. You’d be good with helping them figure out what to wear. I’ll help them with what to say.”
I’d never really been that into clothes, never one for shopping, but since my mother did nothing else, I never had to. But this sounded like fun to me. “Are there clothes here to pick from?” I looked over at a boy who was playing quietly in the corner, pushing a little dinky car around.
“Some, but not much. And what there is isn’t really appropriate for job interviews. I’ll just get some money out of petty cash.” She picked up her glass of water when I had an idea.
“What about donations?”
She nodded her head as she swallowed. “That’s the stuff I’m talking about.”
“If the women are the right size, I bet my mother has some old business suits that would be great. My dad too, if there are any men that need them. They change their wardrobe more than most people change their underwear.”
Her eyes brightened as she grinned. “That’s a good idea. Just bring them in by Tuesday, that’s the first day of interviews. You can talk to the women and see what they’re looking for.”
Finished with my lunch, I stacked my dishes in front of me and leaned back in my chair. “You know, if there are some girls my age, I have some clothes I would love to get rid of. They still have the tags on. My mom would hate that I gave them away, but it would serve her right for thinking that she can buy me designer clothes out of guilt because she forgot my birthday or parent teacher night or Christmas.” I said all of that absently, forgetting Julia was there. But when I saw the look of pity cross her face, I was embarrassed. “I know, poor little rich girl, right?” I stared down at the table and picked up my discarded fork, absently moving it around my plate.
“No. I wasn’t thinking that. I was thinking that it sounded like you’ve had a very lonely life. I grew up with a big, close family, and I wouldn’t trade that for all the money in the world.”
A tear rolled down my cheek. I swiped it quickly before she noticed, and laughed to cover. “And I would trade all the money I have for what you have.” She didn’t say anything, just put her hand on my knee. Her touch was warm and soothing.
“Anyway, do you think anyone would like my mother’s guilt clothes? They all have the tags on them. Oh, and lots of shoes. My mother loves shoes.”
“Sure. They would love it. We have a few teenage girls here, and also some women that are about the same size as you.” She ran her finger around the top of her glass.
“How do you do it?” I asked her.
“Do what?”
“Listen to these sad stories. I heard some people talking today during lunch, and some of their stories made me want to cry.” I looked around the room. Just a few residents sat at a back table and two volunteers sat at a table behind us. Since the coast was clear I lowered my voice to a whisper. “Even Eddie. He told me about his life today, and how he grew up. It took everything I had not to take all the money in my wallet and give it to him, but I was afraid to insult him.”
She nodded with a slight smile; her eyes were alight with warmth. “You have it.”
“Have what?”
“The bug. One day here, and I was hooked like you. I wanted to adopt all the residents and give them everything I had. But I learned that they didn’t want my charity. They want to learn to earn money for themselves.” She paused as the little boy with the dinky car ran past us. “I can see it on your face. I have a feeling I’ll be seeing you a lot around here.” She stood up, taking her empty plate. “I’m glad to say that I was wrong about you. I’ll see you later. Have fun cleaning the toilets,” she said with a laugh.
I smiled, shook my head, and stood with my plate. I turned around, almost bumping into Nate, who stood like a wall behind me. The silverware clinked on my dish.
He was staring at me oddly, his vibrant blue eyes intense. The scowl was gone, replaced by a look of shock and confusion.
“What?” I asked nervously.
“Follow me. I’ll show you where we keep the cleaning supplies.”

An hour later, I was putting the supplies away where Nate had shown me. There were five bathrooms, one on the main level and two on each of the upper levels. It didn’t take long to clean them; after Nate showed me what to do, it was easy. I wouldn’t say I enjoyed the chore; it just wasn’t as bad as I thought. When I made my way back into the kitchen, I could see everyone was busy making dinner.
Nate saw me and walked over to where I stood in the doorway. “We can handle things here. Julia is waiting for you in the common area. When you’re done with her, come back and you can help serve dinner.”
I smiled, surprised to find myself enjoying the work. I’d never had a purpose before today. I woke up, went to school, practiced cheerleading, and hung out with my friends. I never did anything that mattered. Sure, if I wasn’t here to serve the food, no one would notice, but it made me feel good that I had helped. “Okay, see you later.” I turned and went to meet Julia. 
The common area was really an oversized living room, complete with a variety of sofas and armchairs, all arranged around an enormous flat-screen TV. When I stepped inside the room, all eyes focused on me. “Okay, ladies, I’d like you to meet Megan Banks. She’s going to help with wardrobe. Let her know what you are interested in wearing, and your sizes,” Julia said from where she sat on a lounge chair.
I greeted three teenagers and four women, all mothers and daughters. I couldn’t remember any of their names except one—Mia. She was a little friendlier to me; the scowl was gone, but there wasn’t a smile either.
I perched on the end of a suede sofa. “Did you tell them about my idea?” I asked. Julia nodded with a smile, letting me know I could discuss it. “Actually, I thought I would just bring in everything I can find tomorrow, and then you can pick what you want.” Everyone agreed, and after Julia discussed what they should say in the interviews I went back to help serve.
After dinner we sang “Happy Birthday” to Frank, and everyone stuffed themselves with cake. Eddie and I paired up again, cleaning up the dining room. Just as I was putting the dessert dishes away, Eddie asked, “Are you going out with Nate tonight?”
Nate was standing near the stove talking to a resident named Albert. When he heard his name, he looked over and stared at Eddie with his eyes wide, subtly shaking his head.
“Why would I go out with Nate?” I stood up on tiptoes, sliding a few small dishes into the cupboard.
Eddie smiled, glancing over at the two men talking, and ignoring Nate’s attempts to silence him, he answered, “Whenever we get a new volunteer, Nate usually takes them out to dinner to thank them.”
I could see why Nate didn’t want that said out loud. Obviously, he had a problem with me. But that didn’t bother me. I had enjoyed my time here and intended to come back as much as possible.
“She’s probably too tired to go anywhere,” Nate said, walking over to us after Albert had moved on. I was tempted to let him off the hook, but I wasn’t in the giving mood.
“No, I’m not tired. But it’s obvious that you don’t like me, and I’m not interested in spending time where I’m not wanted.” Finished with the dishes, I picked up my bag and spun around. “See you tomorrow, Eddie.”
He waved with a grin as I walked out to my car.
Just as I was about to drive away, Nate ran out of the building and leaned into my open window, his sun-streaked bangs falling into his eyes. “If you want, I’d like to take you out. You did a great job today,” he said awkwardly, as if the words were very hard to say.
“No thanks.” I drove out of the lot, looking through my rearview mirror at him staring after me.



Chapter Five
Lunch

“So how was it?” Mona asked, stepping out onto the patio. I was in the hot tub trying to soothe my screaming muscles and aching limbs.
“It was awesome. Except that I’m so tired I could sleep for a week.”
She laughed, very hard. Her high-pitched chortle echoed in the night.
“Yeah, I know it’s funny.” I paused, waiting for her to finish. “Okay, enough,” I said when her laughter only increased. I laid my head back against the lip of the tub, looking up at the sky, waiting for her to finally stop laughing.
She rubbed her eyes. “Sorry, I couldn’t help it.” She sat on the patio chair next to the tub and glanced at our pool. The light glowing from inside the water and the flickering patio lights that were placed around on the tables made it pretty and relaxing at night. “I knew you would enjoy it.”
I sat up, turning my head to face her, water sloshing up and over the top of the tub. “How did you know?”
“I watch you ramble around this big old house. Ever since you were a child, you’ve always been missing something in your life. But lately, it’s seems worse, like you’re lost, looking for your place in the world. I can see that you’re not happy.” Her voice was full of compassion as she lifted her hand to brush my face with her finger. “You need to see that there are other people out there, other than spoiled trust fund babies. You need to be around normal people who have to work for a living. Honestly, who would you rather be around: the people you met today, or your so-called friends that you’re covering for?”
I returned my gaze upwards, taking in the dark sky and sparkling lights, as I thought about my answer. It was true. I couldn’t have a five-minute conversation with Jenny and Shane without them annoying me. And although I considered Mandy my best friend it sometime seemed that she used me for her benefit. She wanted me with Brandon because her boyfriend wanted it. But what about what I wanted?
But the people I met today were sincere, and real. Not a fake one in the bunch. It was refreshing not to have to guess if there was a hidden meaning behind a smile or word. These people were straightforward and spoke their minds. I had found myself talking to some of the residents, getting their stories on how they ended up at Riley House, but the one that really touched me was Eddie’s. I couldn’t imagine growing up like he did. The idea of having to steal to help feed his siblings was utterly heartbreaking. Instead of feeling sorry for himself, he chose to stay on volunteering and help others after his own community service was over. “You’re right, but aren’t you always?”
“Yes, I am,” she said with a sigh. “It’s so true.”
The night was peaceful and quiet. I felt as though the stars were out and glittering just for me. Why was I in such a good mood? Wasn’t I supposed to be complaining about my community service? Maybe Julia was right and I was hooked. “Hey, Mona, how would you like to raid my parents’ closet? I’m going to give old work suits they never wear anymore to the people at Riley House. And I’m not going to tell them until I’ve already done it. Won’t that be fun? I love ticking my mother off.”
A laugh slipped out, and Mona quickly covered her mouth to stop it. “Meg, you really shouldn’t try and pick fights with them.”
“Why not? Otherwise they don’t even notice me. Where are they anyway? I need to know how long I have.”
“Some charity event. Haven’t you talked to them today?”
“Nope. I haven’t seen or heard from my mother since I left last night. Or my father since I called from jail.”
“Honey.” The word was laced with love and concern as she touched my hand that was resting on the edge of the hot tub.
“Don’t worry, I’m fine. But I am in the mood to raid their closet. Want to help me?” I asked her, standing up and picking up my towel. Water dripped off my arm onto the wooden deck, creating an odd pattern.
“Okay, but if they ask, I was in my room watching a game show.”
I laughed at her as I dried myself off. We walked into my room together so I could change out of my bathing suit.
A few hours later, I had four garment bags loaded with at least four suits each. I hung them up in my car and then headed to my room to go through my closet.

The next day Eddie helped me unload my bags. They were piled on the tables in the center’s dining room. The women and teenage girls were going through them like it was Christmas morning. The laughter and squeals had a few of the men and children running in to see what the commotion was about. They only laughed harder at the men who didn’t understand how women felt about clothes, especially free designer clothes. Julia and I stood back watching. I felt a warm, happy glow inside me. I couldn’t remember the last time I felt this good.
Julia turned to me with a huge grin on her face. “You did a good thing,” she said wrapping her arm around my shoulder. We stayed that way for a while, enjoying the girls’ excitement.
I turned my head at the sound of a noise behind me. Through the glass in the French door, I thought I saw Nate’s reflection watching me. I blinked and he was gone.
“Megan, come here; show me how this goes on.” Natalie, a girl my age, held up one of my halters that was a little confusing to figure out. There were two straps that criss-crossed at the back and if you had never seen it on, it was hard to figure where each one went.
I held the top up to demonstrate which arm went where. Before I could back away I was sucked into the chaos, choosing the clothes for everyone that I thought would look good on them. It was the most fun I’d had in a long time.
At lunch I worked with Eddie again, serving homemade chicken soup and buns. I learned that Nate was the cook for all the meals, which was surprising since everything I had tasted so far was delicious. I didn’t see him much until I was leaving, and then he just nodded and thanked me. He no longer scowled. Now his expression was always that look of shock and confusion. 
When I arrived home, I took out my phone to read my texts. It had been beeping all day and by noon I had finally had enough and turned it off.
Sitting on my bed, I took the phone out of my bag and saw that most of the texts were from Mandy. The last time I had seen her, I was running to a burning building. This was the first she had tried to contact me, and it wasn’t even to ask how I was or what had happened. It was about the all important cheerleading practice. She wondered where I was and if I was mad at her. (I never said she was smart.) I turned my phone off again and decided it was time to do my homework. It took me the rest of the night. My parents still hadn’t come to talk to me. It had been about forty-eight hours since I had seen them. It seemed impossible considering we lived together, but it was a big house. 

The next day at school I went right to my locker without meeting my friends at the lounge. It was our morning ritual to sit on the benches with our coffees. I’d listen, wishing I was anywhere else in the world, as they made fun of the other students who walked past. It was an activity I really didn’t miss.
My first class was calculus with Mr. Robinson. From the corner of my eye I could see Jenny, who had this class with me, waving, trying to get my attention. I stayed focused on the chalkboard, ignoring her not-so-subtle attempts. The same thing happened in my next class, American Literature with Mrs. O’Neil, and it was Mandy this time waving at me. It was harder to ignore her, since she sat in the desk next to mine. I was never as interested in school work as I was today, not once looking away from the teachers’ lectures.
Last night I thought about what Mona had said, and she was right. I didn’t need people like them in my life. I chose to be happy and that wouldn’t happen around them.
I avoided my friends the rest of the day. I tried to talk to Nate, but he ignored me. I was turning into a loner. I took my lunch and ate in my car. So far my day had sucked.

The rest of the week was more of the same, avoiding my now old friends, while Nate avoided me. I tried speaking to him a couple of times at school and at Riley House, but failed miserably. At night I did my homework, and then sat out on my patio staring up at the stars, in a chair, not the hot tub. It had been almost a week since the fire and I was suddenly a loner. My friends still tried to get me to talk to them, but I would always find a stupid way to avoid them. Once I ducked into a janitor’s closet when I saw Shane coming down the hall. I kept my phone turned off most days. Mandy was driving me crazy with texts.
The one good thing that came out of this mess was working with the residents of Riley House. I went there every day this week after school. I helped the teenage girls pick out outfits from my old clothes and gave them makeup tips. And playing games with the children was so much fun. They were the family I never had, complete with little brothers and sisters, extended cousins, and eccentric old uncles. A few times I saw Nate watching me with the kids, but if I tried to approach to him, he’d walk away. 

Thursday morning I woke up hopeful. This awful week at school was almost over.
After my second class I walked quickly to my locker trying to avoid a confrontation with Mandy. I traded my books for my lunch, and when I slammed my locker shut I saw Nate walking down the hall. I ran up to him before I had a chance to change my mind.
“Hi,” I said, falling in step with him. He didn’t look surprised to see me, but he wasn’t happy about it either.
“What do you want?”
“Nothing. I just thought I would eat with you, if you don’t mind.”
“I do mind,” he said, walking faster, trying to lose me.
“Look, I’m trying to avoid my friends for reasons you can probably guess. Come on, what’s the big deal?”
“I don’t socialize.” His pace quickened, but I wasn’t giving up that easily. I matched his pace.
“Here, but at the House you’re the life of the party. Why is that?” I asked, starting to lose my breath trying to keep up with him.
He stopped suddenly. I had to take a few steps back to stand in front of him. “Go away,” he said, his old scowl coming back.
I was about to argue some more when I heard a voice behind me. “Is this guy bothering you, Megan?” Nate and I both turned and saw Shane standing beside a locker. His broad shoulders squared, his chest puffed out, he looked ready for a fight.
“No,” I said with a sneer.
“Let’s go; everyone’s waiting at the table.” He took my arm and started to lead me away. His fingers dug into my skin. I would have had a hard time getting away from him without causing a scene if Nate hadn’t interfered.
“Sorry, but she already made plans with me,” Nate said, grabbing Shane’s hand and yanking it from my arm.
Shane glared at him as if he were a bug he’d love to squish. “Yeah, right, like she’d hang out with you.” He turned to me again. “Let’s go.”
I stood my ground, inching closer to my reluctant protector. “No thanks, I’m sitting with Nate today.” I took Nate’s hand, which surprised us both, and led him to a table in the back of the cafeteria.
He sat across from me looking very uncomfortable. His vivid blue eyes darted around the room.
Ignoring the fact that he obviously didn’t want to be seen with me, I took out my food, a salad that Mona made for me. I’ve told her I could buy my lunch but she always insisted, saying that you never know what they put in cafeteria food.
“Thank you.” I said. “Shane can be kind of obnoxious. If you weren’t there I’d probably be sitting with them against my will.”
His face softened. “If he gives you any trouble let me know. I hate guys like that.” He paused, glancing over at my old friends. “You know, I never understood why you even hung out with those jerks. Eventually I just assumed you were like them.” He looked more shocked than I was that those words came out of his mouth. “Anyway, you can sit with me today, but you’ll have to find somewhere else to sit from now on. I told you I don’t socialize.” He stood up and got in line for food. I was worried that someone from my group might come over, but Nate didn’t take long. His tray was heaping with food when he came back. He picked up a burger and ate it without looking at me once. By the time I finished my salad, he had scarfed down two burgers, two orders of fries, and a piece of cake. I gaped at him, in shock at how much, and how fast, he ate.
He looked up at me. “What?”
“How can you eat so much?”
“I’m a teenage boy,” he said with a grin. Was it because I was an only child and had never really paid attention to the way my friends ate? Was this normal?
I glanced up in the direction of my old table and saw everyone there staring at me. “Oh great, we’re being watched. They are terrified that I’m going to tell the police what really happened. I’ve been avoiding them all week. Mandy’s been texting me constantly. She’s driving me nuts.” I sighed. “You know, the last time my best friend saw me was Friday night when I was driving to a burning building, and she waited until Sunday to contact me. And even then it was to ask why I wasn’t at cheerleading practice.” I shook my head and sighed. “I don’t know what the right thing to do is.”
He gazed at me thoughtfully and then pushed his tray beside him so he could lean forward. “Well, most of the time it’s to be honest.” He paused. “Will you tell me? I won’t say anything. I told you it should come from you. But it might help to open up to someone about it.”
Now I was seeing the guy Eddie talked about. His face had so many expressions. This one was filled with concern, and I had never seen it directed at me. I took a deep breath and began. I told him everything that happened, the drinking, how I didn’t want to be there, and my protests when they brought out the fireworks. How they refused to help when the fire started, and that they tried to convince me not to help the family when I started to drive off to see if there was anyone in the house. “I told them they were wrong for running away, and I left them in the parking lot. That’s when you found me.”
His gaze was intense as he watched me, as if seeing me for the first time. “I’m sorry I was so hard on you.” His stare was making me uncomfortable. Finally his lips turned up at the corners, and he looked away. “Anyway, I won’t tell the police. You don’t have to worry. But I still think you should, although I know how hard it must be for you.” Both of his hands were resting on the table between us. I was sure he was about to take mine into them, but just as I lifted my hand he pulled away. He shook his head as if to clear it, and then stood up. “Lunch is over; I’ll see you in geography,” he said as he walked quickly out the door.
Disappointment flooded through me as I watched him go. I wasn’t sure what I wanted to happen, but it had to stop. Nate never dated, I knew that. He hadn’t even looked at a girl the whole three years he’d been in school here. Don’t get your hopes up, I scolded myself. I stood slowly, and picking up my bag and both of our trays, I dumped our garbage into the bin. I paused in front of the can and took a quick peek at Mandy, who was sitting alone with Jenny watching me. I held her gaze for a moment then quickly left the room.



Chapter Six
Football Bullies

I rounded the corner heading to science class. Shane, Brandon, and Chris were waiting in the stairwell, blocking my way. I tried to get around them, but Shane stepped in front of me.
“Be nice. I mean it,” Brandon said from where he stood behind Shane.
Shane shot a defiant look at him, but Brandon stood his ground. “Look, Megan, we just want to know why you’re avoiding us. The police have been talking to each of us, asking questions. We want to know what you told them.”
“If they’re asking questions, I probably didn’t tell them anything. All I said was that I was at the school getting a book when I noticed the smoke. But they saw your beer bottles and fireworks. They can probably figure out who my friends are. They know I’m lying, but I was arrested anyway, and I got stuck with two hundred hours of community service. How was your weekend?” I folded my arms in front of me and smirked at Brandon.
“Look, we’re sorry you got in trouble, but we told you to come with us,” Chris said, leaning against the railing.
I stared at each one of them. “There was a family in that house. If I hadn’t gotten there when I did, and pounded on the door, Nate wouldn’t have heard me and saved them. The paramedics said they would have been dead before the ambulance got there. You guys can’t be that heartless not to care.”
“We’re sorry about what happened. But if you had come, they wouldn’t be looking at us. My dad could cut me off,” Brandon said with some anger and resentment showing on his face. Where was the nice guy I thought I saw in him the other night? All it took to change him into a carbon copy of Shane was the threat to take his money away. This realization made me relieved I had never given in to his advances.
“You make me sick,” I said, starting to leave.
Shane grabbed my arm roughly as I walked by. “Megan, if you make it hard for us, we’ll make it hard for you.”
Chris and Brandon came over and stood next to Shane.
“Is that a threat?” I asked, my voice a little more shrill than I had intended.
They smiled, enjoying the fear in my voice. “No, it’s a promise,” Chris said with his arms folded in front of him.
“You’re going to let her go. If you don’t, I will break your arm,” I heard Nate’s voice coming from behind me. I turned and immediately saw that he meant what he said. He looked dangerous. Brandon shoved me behind them. They stood like a wall in front of me, facing Nate. I was so close to them, the smell of all their colognes wafted around me. But blended into one, it was a little on the strong side. I peeked in between their shoulders and saw that Nate didn’t back down at these three linebackers, he only looked more determined. His jaw was locked as he stared coldly, clenching his fists at his sides, and once again his blue eyes turned wild.
“I’m sorry, this doesn’t concern you. I’m just trying to have a conversation with my girlfriend,” Brandon said, marking his territory. What was next? Was he going to pee on me?
Nate laughed darkly. “We all know she’s not your girlfriend. Now move aside and let her go.” His voice was deep and commanding.
I squeezed through Brandon and Shane, but before I could walk away Shane gripped my arm again. “We’re not through with you yet.”
I glanced down at his hand, about to tell him off, but was suddenly at the end of the hall, pulled out of Shane’s grip by Nate, who was now standing in front of me.
“Leave her alone,” Nate growled to the trio. They gaped at us, wondering, like I was, how I got to where I was so fast. Nate took me by my arm and led me to class.
“I’ll pick you up when class is over. It doesn’t appear that they’re going to give up.”
“What am I supposed to do? If I tell, it might get worse.”
His eyebrows creased into a worried expression. “I don’t know. I’ll think about it. But wait for me. I’m going to walk you to classes, and it looks like we’ll be eating together after all.”
“So much for your no socializing rule.”
For the second time today, I saw a genuine smile. “You’re going to ruin my reputation,” he said. My heart raced as I watched him disappear into the crowded hallway, and I felt myself smile, butterflies dancing in my stomach. Oh no. I recognized these symptoms. I had feelings for Nate Green. And I’d probably had them for years.
Science class went by in a blur; I didn’t even know what we discussed. All I kept thinking about was Nate walking me to my next class.
Near the end of the hour I received a text from Mandy. Are you coming to cheerleading practice?
I texted her back. I quit.
She sent me another one. What? Why??
So, to hopefully end this conversation I texted her one last time: Since your boyfriend and his friends threatened me, I no longer want to hang out with any of you.
It worked. She didn’t answer, although I knew I would hear from her eventually.
Class ended, and I was thrilled when I saw Nate leaning against a locker waiting for me. I smiled at him. “Hi.” With the new knowledge of my feelings, it was hard for me to hide them.
His brow creased in confusion when he saw my expression. “Hi, you ready?”
“Mm hm.”
“Let’s go,” he said, looking at me strangely.
On our way to class we saw Lauren Riley. She looked extremely surprised to see us together. She waved at her friends Allison Avery and Lily Kendal, and then stopped in front of me. “Hi, Megan, how are you?”
It was a little odd that she was talking to me. Our conversations usually consisted of a smile and a nod, at most, a quick hi. “Hi, Lauren.” There was a silence as Lauren glanced at Nate with a wide grin.
“Let’s go,” Nate mumbled, leading me away.
I turned around and saw Lauren standing where we had left her, that grin still on her face. I glanced up at Nate. “What was that about?”
He shrugged, staring straight ahead. “How should I know? She was talking to you.”
We entered geography just as Miss Wilkinson was calling the class to order. Nate took an empty seat two rows away instead of his usual seat on the other side of the classroom. During the lesson, I peeked at him a few times, but he was always looking ahead listening to the teacher.

After school Nate met me at my locker. “I think I’m fine,” I told him. “You don’t have to escort me everywhere.”
“Yes, I do. They threatened you. You need to take this seriously.”
I slammed my locker door shut. A metallic clang rang out that echoed down the hall. “Let’s go.” I followed him to the parking lot.
“Are you sure you’re fine?” he said, pointing to my car. Mouth open, I circled the vehicle. Every single tire was slashed. I looked up to see who was around.
Mandy and the rest of them were standing at Shane’s SUV laughing. Well, Mandy wasn’t. She was staring at me with a look of concern on her face.
Nate glared at them so intensely, I thought I heard him growl.
“Come on, drive me home.” I pulled him away, not really knowing where I was going since I didn’t know where he parked. His anger only grew as we took a few steps away. “Where is your car?”
He pointed to the black convertible I had seen at Riley House. I dragged him toward it. I knew that if I didn’t get him away from them, he would start a fight. I had never seen him so enraged.

“Are you volunteering tonight?” I asked him after we had been driving for a while.
His anger had somewhat diminished, his body was still rigid, and he was quiet, but his eyes no longer held the rage they had earlier. “No. I was supposed to, but after today I thought I might hang out with you if that’s okay.”
Nothing would make me happier. “Sure.” I reached down to change the radio station, hoping to hide the joy that was surely showing on my face. “Although if you want, we can both volunteer, I enjoy it. I’m really sorry about what happened Friday night, but I’m glad I got a chance to go to Riley’s and meet all those people.” He didn’t look at me as I spoke, just focused on the road ahead. “When I gave those women my old clothes that I never wear, they were so happy. It made me feel like I belonged somewhere. And I’ve never felt that way before.”
He finally turned his head and gazed at me. His face was more relaxed; all the anger had slipped away. “You’re not close with your family?”
I laughed darkly. “No, I’m not. I’ve never had a real family. Instead of love and companionship, they give me cars, clothes, and all the latest technology. All I want is to have a real relationship with them, but it will never happen; I gave up trying years ago. At least if I had brothers or sisters we could bond in our mutual annoyance of our parents, but my mother always told me that one child was enough. She was never going to ruin her body again. Isn’t that a sweet thing to say to her only child?” I glanced out the window, watching the houses as we drove by. “I don’t want to whine about my family anymore. I’m tired of dwelling on it.”
We were silent for the last few miles, until we reached my driveway. “Where should I park?” Nate asked, pulling into the long paved drive.
“Over there, it’s closest to my room. I won’t subject you to meeting my parents, although they’re probably not home anyway.” We climbed out of the car and he followed me to my patio door.
“It wasn’t locked?” Nate asked after following me inside. He sat down on the chair by the door.
“No, but there is always someone here.”
“That doesn’t matter. If one of your so-called friends came, they could let themselves in and no one would hear.”
“I never thought of that. I’ll lock it from now on.” I plopped down on my bed, throwing my bag on the floor by my TV. “You never answered my question. Do you want to go to Riley House?”
He smiled. “Not tonight. I called Julia earlier and she’s covering for me. I can’t stay too long, though. I should leave by seven.”
“Why, do you have a date?”
“No, I told you I don’t date.”
“No, you said you don’t socialize at school. Who knows what you do outside of those walls.” I smirked at him, folding my arms in front of me.
He smiled. “Well, I’ll say it now, I don’t date. I have too much going on in my life. Like tonight, I have something to do.” He picked up a picture of Mona and me. We were sitting by the swimming pool eating lunch. Ben had taken the picture. “Who’s this?”
“Mona. She is the closest person I have to a mother. She was my nanny until I was twelve. Now she’s our cook.”
He put the picture back down where it had sat on the small table beside his chair. “I’m going to call a tow truck and have your car towed to a body shop I use. The owner is a friend of mine.” He took his phone out of his pocket and made the arrangements.
“Thank you,” I said once he hung up.
“You’re welcome. Louis said your car will be ready tomorrow afternoon. If you want I can take you to school and drop you off at the shop on the way to Riley House.”
“Why are you being so nice to me? Two days ago you couldn’t look at me without a scowl. Now you’re helping me?”
He shrugged. “Someone’s trying to push you around and I don’t like bullies.” He stood up and walked around my room, slowly glancing at pictures and knickknacks scattered on shelves and my nightstand. “I’ll get Louis to send me the bill.”
“No. I can’t let you pay for new tires.”
He stopped, turned around, and smiled. “Oh, I’m not paying for them. I’m going to get him to divide the bill into three, and then I’m going to send them to Shane’s, Chris’s, and Brandon’s fathers.”
I laughed. “Won’t that tick them off even more?”
“I don’t care. Don’t worry; I won’t let them hurt you.” His voice was filled with emotion; the look on his face was filled with resolve. 
“Are you hungry?” I asked, suddenly feeling awkward. 
He nodded.
“Let’s go down and raid the fridge.”
His lips twitched upwards. “Sure. But after that, I have to leave.”
“Okay,” I said, taking his hand and leading him out. To my surprise he didn’t pull away.

“Hey, Mona, what’s good to eat? I’ve got a starving guy here and he eats a lot.” I sat down on the bar stool beside Nate. The smell of onions and butter filled the kitchen. Mona was standing at the counter grating cheese into a bowl.
A big grin crossed her face when she saw the two of us in front of her. “Who’s this? He’s new.”
“Mona, this is Nate. Nate, this is Mona.” She smiled, wiped her hands on the bright purple apron she was wearing, and extended one to take the hand Nate offered. “Nate?” Her eyes creased, deep in thought. “Oh you’re the boy—”
“Mona!” I yelled. She looked at me with an amused expression. Nate looked confused.
She pulled her hand back. “Never mind. So, you two are hungry, are you? Well, today is your lucky day. I just made beef fajitas, Megan’s favorite. Is that okay?” she asked, looking at Nate.
Nate glanced down at all the dishes on the counter. “Yes, I love fajitas too. Megan and I will help bring everything out if you’d like.”
She laughed. “Megan? Doing household chores. That’s a laugh.”
Nate smiled. “You’d be surprised. She was very helpful on the weekend. She even did a good job cleaning the toilets.”
As he was speaking Mona was taking a sip of her iced tea. But when he mentioned what I had done on the weekend, she spit some of her drink onto the counter. She took some paper towels down from the cupboard to up wipe her mess. “Ah…did you just say she cleaned toilets?”
He was chuckling. I stared at him, daring him to make fun of me. “She did a good job,” he said, standing up. He took Mona’s hand and pulled her to a chair. “Why don’t you take a break while we handle the rest?”
I gathered a few dishes she had prepared, and carried them over to the table.
“No, that’s okay, really, it’s what they pay me for,” Mona protested, but took the seat at the table Nate gestured to.
“No, Nate’s right. Just relax for a change.”
She stared at me as if she didn’t recognize my face. “Nate, who is this girl and what have you done with my Megan?”
Nate laughed, a little too long.
“Very funny. Now you better be quiet or I’ll change my mind.” I carried the pan of sliced beef and set it in the middle of the table on top of a pot holder. Nate brought over the vegetables and cheese. After I placed the sour cream and fajita shells on the table, we were ready to eat. Ben came in just as we each assembled our first fajita. I stood up and took out a plate for him, placing it beside Mona. He eyed at me curiously and sat down. I made introductions to Ben and Nate and we enjoyed a friendly dinner.
They joked at my expense, and we discussed the classes Nate and I were taking at school. Mona told silly stories about me growing up, which earned the occasional glare from me.
This was what I had imagined it would be like to bring my boyfriend home to meet my parents. The problem was they weren’t my parents, and he wasn’t my boyfriend. But we had a fun dinner anyway, until my mother walked in. “There you are. I have been looking for you.” She glared at me, her soft blue eyes narrowed. “Who’s this?” she asked, leaning against the counter when she noticed Nate. Her expression changed, adding a flirtatious smile.
“Mom, this is my friend Nate. And this is my mother, Heather Banks.”
Nate stood up and shook her hand. She smiled, batting her eyelashes; my mother’s famous move. But thankfully Nate was already turning around to sit back down, so he didn’t see it.
“Megan, Mona told me you gave away my old clothes to some worthless charity. You had no right to do that without my permission. Why do you do these things? I swear you just want to provoke me. Can’t you just stop trying to pick fights with me? You’re constantly causing me pain.” Her hands twittered up to her head and she closed her eyes as if she was suddenly in enormous agony. “Great, now because of your behavior, I have a migraine.”
If the earth would open up, I would have gladly jumped in.
Nate turned around. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Banks, but it’s not Megan’s fault. I’m in charge of that worthless charity she took the clothes for, and since she did that, she made a lot of women happy with clothes you no longer wear. I think you should be proud of her for thinking of it.”
My mother’s mouth fell open. No one spoke to her that way; I liked him even more now. She stared at him, not knowing what to say. Her hand moved from her head down to her chest.
He turned to Mona. “I would stay and help clean up, but I think I’ll take Megan where she’s appreciated.”
Mona smiled at him and nodded. “Don’t worry, I can handle it,” she said with a wink.
Nate took my hand and led me past my mother, whose mouth was still hanging open in surprise.

Once we were back inside my bedroom, Nate sat back down in the armchair. I started pacing back and forth in front of him. “Ugh… she drives me crazy. I am so sorry she said that. You have to know I don’t agree with her, right?”
“Of course I know that. I’ve seen the look on your face when you’re working with the residents. You enjoy helping them, I can tell.”
I stared at him in wonder. Was it just last week he was scowling at me? Now he had defended me twice in one day. It was a change I could get used to. As I watched him, I couldn’t help but let my mind wander. God he’s cute. His sun-kissed blond hair was a little long and I had the sudden urge to run my fingers through it. “What’s with your hand?” I asked, noticing that the nails on his right hand seemed to be long and pointy. I never noticed that before.
He looked down, and then jumped up, holding his hand behind his back. “What time is it?” he asked in a panicked voice.
I turned around to look my clock radio. “Eight o’clock. Uh-oh… are you late?” I asked, turning back around to face him. But he was gone, the chair was empty, and I was alone in my room.



Chapter Seven
Unwanted

The patio doors were wide open. I rushed over and looked out; nobody was there. What the heck? I stepped outside to look for his car, and it was gone too.
Inside my room I took out the paperwork that Julia had given me. On it was Nate’s cell number? “Hello,” he answered roughly after I dialed.
“Are you all right? Where did you go?”
“I’m not feeling well, I’m sorry. See you tomorrow.” Click. The more I got to know him the more I realized he was sweet, caring, protective—and also sometimes very strange.
I was restless and confused after Nate left. Homework couldn’t hold my thoughts, so I gave up and headed outside to relax on my favorite lounge chair. Despite the chill, the evening was quiet and peaceful. I curled up with a blanket and stared up at the stars. A hint of lilac floated in the air. I lay there for a while listening to the sounds of the night, the loud call of the whippoorwill, the chirping of the crickets, and the croaking of frogs from the pond at the back of the house. With all of these sounds surrounding me how could I feel lonely?
I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I remembered was opening my eyes, feeling dazed. I glanced around wondering where I was, and when the cool night air touched my skin, it came back to me. I had come out onto the patio earlier to enjoy the evening. I sat up, about to go inside, when I noticed something yellow in the cedar bushes about ten feet from my chair. I stared at it, trying to figure out what it was. When my eyes adjusted to the dim light, I saw the outline of what looked to be a very large wolf. I jumped back, the chill of fear prickling down my spine while I kept my eyes glued to it. Thinking my sudden movement would cause it to either run away or pounce, I prepared for some kind of action. But nothing happened. It made no move to hurt me; it just looked at me with an intense stare. I was afraid to move again. I could barely breathe.
I turned around slowly when I heard a noise in my room. When I turned back, the wolf was gone.
“Megan?” I heard Mona call. I stood up, gathering my blanket, and rushed inside.
“Hey, I was just outside on the patio.” I made no mention of the wolf as I laid the blanket down on the couch. I wasn’t entirely sure that it wasn’t a dream.
She leaned against my pillows, getting comfortable on the bed. “Now, tell me all about him. He’s so good-looking, and very sweet. If only I were a few years younger I would give you a run for your money.”
I laughed at her use of the word few as I sat down on the chair Nate had occupied earlier. Once I was comfy, I told her about last Friday night and all that had taken place since then. 
“Those little punks. How dare they threaten you? I’ll show those jerks who not to mess with.” The fire in her eyes told me she meant every word.
“Mona, don’t worry, Nate’s protecting me. And I’ll figure a way to get them off my back.”
She stood up and walked over to me. “Fine, I’ll stay out of it. For now. But if they threaten you again, they’ll have me to deal with.” She leaned over and kissed the top of my head; she smelled of lemons. “That Nate’s a keeper. Don’t let him slip away.”
“I know, but he’s told me that he doesn’t date.”
“Ha…I saw the look on his face when he watched you. Don’t worry, you’ll have him in no time.” She turned around and headed for the door, and with a wink she was gone.
I slid my oversized cheerleading T-shirt over my head before crawling under my duvet. Closing my eyes, I pictured Nate sitting in my chair smiling at me. I fell asleep with his image in my mind, forgetting all of my troubles.

The morning sun shone through Ben’s cherry trees as I sat under them waiting for Nate, although, I wasn’t even sure if he’d make it after what happened last night.
I glanced at my watch and saw that if he didn’t arrive soon, I’d be late for school. Just as I was about to give up, I heard the roar of an engine coming over the hill of the long driveway. The sun glared off the car’s black paint as it came into view. I shielded my eyes with my hand as he pulled up beside me.
He had the top down on his car. He was wearing black sunglasses and a black v-neck T-shirt. Looking dangerous, he lowered his glasses to reveal his deep blue eyes. “You coming or what?” he asked, pulling his sunglasses back up.
I smiled and hopped into the passenger side. “Did my mother scare you off last night?” I asked. “Because I would understand if she did.” I settled in and threw my school bag behind my seat.
“No, of course not. I told you I was sick.” He looked straight ahead as he spoke, not even a glance in my direction. He seemed different, the coolness back in his voice. The only thing that was missing was the scowl.
“Where did you go?”
“Home.”
“Where is that?”
He looked at me, narrowing his eyes. “What’s with all the questions?”
“I just realized I don’t know anything about you.”
Turning to face the road again, he said, “You don’t need to. I told you I don’t date.” 
Those words crushed me. I thought he was starting to feel the same way about me that I felt about him. I stopped asking questions and watched the houses zooming by. I felt ridiculous. My throat burned with the threat of tears as we drove the rest of the way in silence.
After he parked in the full lot, he walked me to my locker without speaking. I tried not to notice all the attention we were attracting. I could feel the stares of our schoolmates as we made our way into the building and down the crowded halls.
When he walked away, Lauren appeared in front of me. I hadn’t even noticed her. “Hi Megan, was that Nate I just saw with you?”
I frowned at her, suddenly suspicious. Why was she so interested in my being with Nate? The obvious reason could only be a crush, like most other girls that had thoughts about the elusive Nate Green, myself included. “Yes. Why?”
“Oh, I was just wondering. Are you two dating?”
Again I wondered why she cared. Her expression held no jealousy, just genuine curiosity. I wasn’t sure if I should, but I decided I needed to talk to someone about him. And I no longer had any friends. “No, I thought we might. He’s been protecting me. I’m in a bit of a situation since the fire. Do you know what’s going on?” I asked and she nodded. “Well, yesterday the people behind the fire slashed my tires. He took me home and stayed for a while. We had fun together. He even defended me against my irritating mother, but then he disappeared. One minute he was there, the next he was gone. This morning he was his old distant self. I get mixed messages with him. I don’t know what to do.” My voice took on my frustration, and I heard the slight whine in it.
Her eyebrows knitted together with concern. “I say, you don’t let him back off. If he tries to push you away, push back harder. Make a move. What’s the worst that can happen?”
“He could reject me. I’d be devastated.”
She looked thoughtful, a small smile on her face. “He could. But he might feel the same way about you. Maybe he’s just scared.”
Nate Green scared? I found that hard to believe, but I was thankful to be able to talk this through with someone. “Thank you, Lauren. It’s nice to have a friend to talk to. I’m in a bit of a situation with mine.” I knew I was being cryptic, but she didn’t seem curious at all.
“Anytime, Megan. And if you need someone to sit with at lunch, you can join me and my friends.”
“Thanks. I may take you up on that sometime.”
She walked away as I headed to my first class. I was about to step through the door when Brandon grabbed my arm. I lifted my other arm as if to punch him.
He let go of me, holding his hands up in front of him. “Don’t worry, I just want to talk.”
I backed away from him, glancing around for his loser friends.
“I’m alone, and I’m sorry about yesterday.” His eyes looked sincere, but after yesterday, I couldn’t trust him.
“What do you want?”
“I’m worried about you. Are you dating Nate Green?”
“That’s none of your business.”
“He’s dangerous, Megan. You should stay away from him.”
I rolled my eyes at him. “Please, he’s the one protecting me from you guys.”
“I’m sorry, but I get a weird vibe from him. Be careful.” He gazed at me with genuine concern before turning away and disappearing in the crowded hallway.
I went into class confused about everything that was going on. My life had turned upside down almost overnight.

At lunchtime I decided to take Lauren’s advice. Nate and I sat across from each other; he ignored me while he ate his burger.
“I know how much you like to eat, so I brought you a piece of pizza.” I tossed the slice on his tray. I actually bought my lunch today, and when I waited in line with Nate, I decided to buy him something as a thank-you for helping me yesterday.
He smiled slightly, but didn’t look up. “Thanks. I’m sorry if I gave you the wrong idea last night, but you shouldn’t be hanging out with me. I’m not good for you.”
“That’s the second time I’ve heard that today.”
He looked up surprised. “Who else said it?”
“Brandon told me I shouldn’t hang out with you, and that you were dangerous. Isn’t that funny coming from him?”
He stared coldly at me. “He’s right.”
“No, he’s not.” I took a bite of my sandwich.
“Did he hurt you?” he asked, avoiding my eyes.
“No. He apologized, warned me about you, and then left.”
“And yet you’re here.”
“I’m not going to listen to him. Don’t you remember what he did yesterday? I do. And besides, you told me to eat with you.” I held my sandwich out in front of me, pulling some of the crust off and dropping it onto my napkin.
“I know, but it doesn’t have to be me. Just as long as you’re with someone, you’ll be fine. Did Lauren talk to you today?”
“Yes, why?”
“I saw the two of you. What did she say?”
“She just said hi.”
It was obvious he didn’t believe me, but he stayed silent. When the bell rang, I stood up and stared at him. He didn’t look at me as he crumpled his burger wrapper and stuffed it inside his fry container. He seemed to be avoiding eye contact on purpose.
“Well, this has been fun. Are you still going to drive me to pick up my car, or should I ask someone else?”
“Who would you ask?”
My mind went blank. I was actually bluffing when I offered to find a ride with someone else. Only one person came to mind. “Lauren. She’s the only person who talks to me other than you.”
“Maybe you should ask her.”
Ouch, that hurt. I wasn’t sure how many more times I could take rejection from him. And right at that moment I made a vow to forget about Nate Green. He was so weird. One minute he was telling me to basically get lost; the next he was overly protective and hanging out at my house having dinner. Then he was acting like it never happened and blowing me off again. I wasn’t sure how much more of his confusing behavior I could take. I decided I was done. No more. I was so over Nate Green. I wouldn’t give him the time of day even if he begged. 
“Fine, I’ll do that.” I grabbed my bag off of the table, leaving my barely touched lunch for him to dispose of, and stormed out of the cafeteria.

When the last bell of the day rang, I rushed to my locker, not wanting to keep Lauren waiting. I stuffed my English, geography, and calculus books into my bag before rushing out the east door to the parking lot. Lauren and I had agreed to meet there when I asked her for a ride after lunch.
As I slipped out of the school, I noticed a tall man wearing a suit and dark sunglasses leaning against the building. He was talking to a woman with long brown hair. They were speaking quietly while scanning the kids who rushed to their cars, eager for the end of the school day. When the door slammed shut behind me, the woman looked over, and I knew who they were waiting for—me. Detective Carver gestured to Alberts, who glanced my way.
“What do you want?” I said, stopping in front of them. “Don’t worry I’m going to community service.”
“That’s not why we’re here, Megan. We heard that you had an incident with your car. Would you like to press charges?”
“No.”
They shared a look, and then Carver continued. “Do you know who did it?”
“No.”
“Seems to me that by slashing your tires someone is trying to scare you into keeping your mouth shut about the fire,” Detective Alberts said, resting his hand on his belt buckle, exposing his badge. This was not good. All I needed was for any of my old friends to see me with the police.
“I have nothing to say,” I called out, rushing away from them, making my way to Lauren’s car.
“Thanks so much for doing this, Lauren,” I said as I slid into her blue compact car.
She was sitting in the driver’s side tapping the steering wheel. “No problem. Hey, who was that you were talking to?”
“The police. Somehow they heard about my tires yesterday. Nate must have told them. What a jerk. I really thought I could trust him.”
“You don’t know it was him. A lot of people saw your tires. The teachers could have reported it,” she said, defending Nate, which was strange, since she had told me once she didn’t know him. “So where to?” she asked, sliding her large brown sunglasses on and turning the key in the ignition.
I gave her the address to the body shop, and she pulled out of the lot. Her tires squealed on the pavement behind us.
I tried not to scan the cars for a black convertible. But it didn’t matter anyway, it wasn’t there. He had already left, probably in a hurry to get away from me.
“So Meg, what are you doing tonight?” Lauren asked, stopping at a red light. Serena Beranger pulled up behind us with a group of other cheerleaders. I could hear my name drift from their car, but it didn’t bother me; I wasn’t a big fan of them either. Lauren must have heard as well, because she twisted her face, making a gagging sound. I laughed as we pulled away, forgetting all about the girls’ gossip.
“I have community service. Why?”
“Well, Alli and Lily are coming over tonight, just to hang out and listen to music, maybe watch a movie. I thought you might want to come.”
I had never really talked to Allison or Lily. My other friends always felt that we were too good for them. They came from middle-class families and didn’t live in mansions. I always secretly envied Lauren for hanging out with anyone she wanted and how she didn’t care what others thought about her. I suddenly wanted to be like her.
“You know what, I will come, I’ve been at the shelter almost every day this week. I think I need a break.”
She turned her head and smiled widely. “Great. Everyone’s showing up around nine.”
I returned her grin, feeling excited. I hadn’t had friends to talk to in over a week.
Once she pulled into the garage, I climbed out, giving her a quick wave as she took off. The body shop was full of empty cars and the lot was empty of people. Just as I started to take a step toward the building, I heard the sound of a motor rev from a side street. I looked over, but all I could see was a black hood hidden behind a very large truck. I started to walk around a big blue car to investigate when I heard my name.
“Are you Megan?” I turned around to see a small skinny man with black greasy hair. He was wearing a ball cap that read Lou’s Auto and stood in the doorway of the auto shop, holding the door for me. 
“Yes.”
His smiled revealed extremely white teeth. “Well, come on in, I have your keys.”
Forgetting about the black vehicle, I followed him in to retrieve my keys. Louis confirmed what Nate had said, that he had sent the bills to the parties responsible and would let me know what happened, but for now I was free to take my car and head home before going to Lauren’s.


Chapter Eight
Followed

At eight thirty, I slipped out the door and headed to my car. It was just getting dark, so I turned on my headlights before I pulled out.
Lauren’s house was on the other side of town. Most of the upper-class houses were located in the same subdivision as mine, but hers was in the older part of town, having been one of the original structures in Creekford.
I pulled out of my driveway onto Pine, turning up the radio. An indie band floated out of the speakers; I reached down to turn it up. The song was about fighting against authority and it was exactly how I felt tonight. I was ditching community service and I felt like a rebel. I wished I could see the look on Nate’s face when I didn’t show up. I wanted him to know that I was sick of the hot and cold way he treated me. I just wished I didn’t feel the tug of guilt by not going to see Natalie and the kids.
Stopping at a stop sign almost to my destination, I thought I heard a loud thud, and was sure I felt something hit the back of my car. I turned down the radio and looked in my rearview mirror. All I could see were headlights so bright they almost blinded me. The vehicle behind me was huge and extremely close.
Seeing that there were no cars coming, I pulled out, glancing around the area for Cedarcrest, the street that Lauren lived on.
Smash. Something hit the back of my car, slamming me into the steering wheel. I looked into the rearview mirror and saw a truck was coming at me, about to ram the back of my car again. I stepped on the gas, but so did the driver of the black vehicle, and smash, it bumped me again. I couldn’t believe this was happening.
Just when I was about to stop and call nine-one-one with my cell, the truck pulled out around me, squealing its tires. That’s when I saw what kind of vehicle it was; a big black SUV. It sped past me and stopped abruptly at the end of the street, waiting. As it sat under the streetlight, I realized it was the same truck that I had seen at the body shop. The only person I knew that drove a vehicle like that was Shane. He must have seen me talking to the police after school and wanted to scare me. If that was the result he was after, it was working. My heart hammered in my chest and my hands shook.
I pulled onto the side of the road, hoping to avoid a confrontation with him. I sat and waited to see what he was going to do. His truck didn’t move, just continued to sit at the end of the road, waiting. Its exhaust puffed up into the night sky. The shine of the street light above created an eerie glow around his vehicle, like a warning for me to stay away.
He was waiting for me to come to him. He thought I had nowhere to go. He was wrong about that.
I looked behind me and saw that the road was empty. I pulled out again and went the other way, driving faster than I ever had, constantly looking in my rearview mirror.
He spun around and started to follow me. I turned onto Maple, and then Valley Road. I kept turning onto side streets until eventually I didn’t know where I was. But the enormous black SUV was always there behind me, making my heart race, its headlights shining like a beacon.
A street sign ahead of me gave me hope. It was Water Street, which backed up to Cedarcrest. I pulled onto it, driving fast, hoping to get to Lauren’s before Shane caught up to me. I made the turn onto Cedarcrest just as he sped up, coming at me fast. I stepped on the gas, not letting up until I came up to Lauren’s driveway. I turned onto it, my tires squealing, and pulled up in front of her house behind an older station wagon.
I sat inside my car with the engine idling, and peered out my open window. Shane’s SUV sat blocking Lauren’s driveway. He revved his motor, as if threatening me one last time.
The front door of Lauren’s house swung opened and Lauren stood out on the step. She looked at me, then at the SUV that was now speeding away.
“Megan, are you all right?” she yelled, running down the steps and opening my door. I turned my car off and slipped the keys into my purse. “What was Shane’s SUV doing here?”
“He followed me,” I said, feeling shaken, slowly getting out of the car. She shut the door for me and led me into the house.
Once inside she pulled my bag from my arm and tossed it onto an antique wooden bench in the hallway. “Are you all right?” Lauren asked me, leading me up the long winding marble staircase and to the right, down a wide hallway. I nodded, not sure if I was.
The hall was lined with tempered glass sconces that created a low light. Even though it wasn’t very bright, I noticed that there weren’t many rooms. It looked like there were just two doors and a closet at the end of the hall. As soon as we walked into her room I could see why; it was huge. About double the size of mine, and I thought that was big.
On the right side there was a king-size, dark wood, canopy bed with brass edgings. The curtains that were pulled back were red silk that matched the window coverings and pillows. The bed itself was on a platform with steps leading up to it. There was an end table on either side with a chair next to the bed. On the left was a sitting room with a big-screen TV, sofa, and two overstuffed rose-colored armchairs. Lauren guided me over to her bed, and I sat down on what felt like a cloud, her mattress was so soft.
Lily and Allison, who were huddled near a shelf beside the TV sifting through what looked like thousands of DVDs, rushed over. “What’s wrong?” Lily asked.
I suddenly felt guilty for the way I had treated her in the past. She held an expression of genuine concern, even though every time she had spoken to me in school, I only had a quick hello for her. Although I didn’t talk about her behind her back like Mandy and Jenny did. But I had never stopped them either, or made an effort to be her friend.
Lily was a very pretty girl, but tiny. She was short with a slim build and her cropped blond wispy hair made her seem even more fragile. Her green eyes were the color of emeralds.
Allison, on the other hand, was as tall as me with long black raven hair and the lightest blue eyes I had ever seen. Guys were friendlier to her because of her looks, but the ones from my crowd wouldn’t date her. They all thought they were better than she was because of their large homes and even larger bank accounts.
“Someone followed her,” Lauren explained to the two girls, who sat on the bed beside me. I glanced at her with my brow furrowed, surprised that she held Shane’s name back. She gave me a wink on her way back to shut the door.
“Who?” Allison asked.
I leaned back on the comfortable bed, laying my palms flat onto the silky blanket. “I’m not sure. It was a big black vehicle, that’s all I could see. But whoever it was bumped the back of my car a few times, and then followed me until I pulled into Lauren’s driveway.”
“Do you think it has something to do with the fire? Maybe it was the people you’re protecting,” Allison guessed, looking from Lauren to Lily, and back to me.
I raised my eyebrows at her, wondering how much she knew.
“People talk,” she said with a shrug of her shoulders, leaning against the big red, silk fluffy pillows on Lauren’s bed.
“How much do you know?” I asked, voicing my thoughts out loud.
“That you were with the people who set the fire on Elm and since you won’t tell the police who did it, you were arrested and have to do community service.”
“No one really knows for sure who you’re covering for, but most of us can guess,” Lily said, avoiding my eyes, picking at the ivory duvet under her.
“So, are you going to tell us who did it?” Allison narrowed her eyes at me.
I stood up, feeling restless, and began to wander around Lauren’s room, looking at the pictures on her dresser. “I can’t. If I tell you, they could put you through the same thing I’m going through. First my tires got slashed and now this.” I picked up a picture of Lauren and a boy that was about eight. He must have been her brother, but there was something about him. His hair was blond, a shade lighter than Lauren’s, but while Lauren’s eyes were hazel, his were a piercing blue. There was something about those eyes that was so familiar, but I knew that I had never seen her brother before. I held the photo up close, trying to figure out what it was that I recognized about him.
“Megan,” Lauren called sharply.
“What,” I asked, startled, dropping the picture back onto the dresser with a thud.
“Uh…come on; forget about the fire and what happened tonight. Let’s watch a movie. I’ll make popcorn and we can watch something scary and squeal like little girls.”
“That sounds fun.” Forgetting the picture, I grew excited about the evening. It had been so long since I spent time with real friends.

“Do you do this with Mandy and Jenny?” Lily asked once we had all settled onto the sofa with the popcorn between us and a plush duvet covering our laps.
I leaned back against the sofa, stretching my feet on the coffee table next to Lauren’s. “With Mandy, yeah. But Jenny isn’t really the slumber party type.”
“Yeah, I never understood why you hung out with her. She’s kind of a witch,” Lauren remarked as she reached her hand inside the bowl and pulled out a handful of heavily buttered popcorn. Her fingers were greasy as she popped the popcorn into her mouth.
We all laughed. Even though I didn’t know Lauren all that well, I knew she was usually more impartial when it came to others. She didn’t judge people for their actions or their circumstances. Apparently even saintly Lauren had her limits when it came to Jenny.
“I’ve been friends with Mandy for a long time and for some reason she likes Jenny, so I tolerated her for Mandy’s sake. But now that doesn’t matter, I don’t think any of them were ever truly my friend.” It was obvious that their curiosity was piqued, but since I didn’t elaborate, none of my new friends pushed any further.
“Oh hey, do you want to go to Manic with us tomorrow night?” Lauren asked, opening her can of soda. Bubbles foamed up on top of the can.
“What’s Manic?”
She took a sip of her drink and swallowed before answering. “It’s a club in Montaview Heights. It’s so awesome. It’s where all of the high school bands play. I can’t believe you’ve never heard of it.” Lauren stared at me in surprise.
“Lauren, she’s not like you. No offense,” Allison added with a quick glance in my direction. “I doubt any of her crowd would step foot in Montaview.” She rolled her soft blue eyes.
Lauren gazed down at her legs, picking at her jean skirt with her free hand, suddenly uncomfortable. “Ally,” she warned.
“No, it’s okay, she’s right. I let my friends dictate what I did and who I hung out with, but not because I agreed with them, just because I didn’t know any better.” I glanced at Allison and Lily, a warm smile playing at my lips. “I’m sorry.”
Lily grinned. “You’re forgiven. I’ve always known you weren’t evil like Jenny. You might not have spoken to me, but at least you smiled.” I was beginning to realize that Lily wasn’t one to hold a grudge. Her bubbly attitude was almost contagious. “So are you coming tomorrow night or what?”
I thought about it. I had never been to Montaview Heights. Not quite in the east side, which was where most of the people who were underprivileged lived, and where Eddie grew up. It was more in the middle-class area, where people made a comfortable living, but weren’t rich. I remembered Mona’s words when she said I needed to branch out and get to know normal people and stay away from my old friends. “I’m in,” I said, suddenly excited.
Lauren and Lily squealed. “You’re going to love it,” Lauren said, grabbing my leg and squeezing it. I glanced at Allison, expecting her to be scowling, but she just nodded her head with a slight smile.
“Are we going to watch this horribly revolting movie or not?” Lily asked, stealing the remote from Lauren. We all agreed and faced the TV.
The movie was terrifying and probably not the right choice after what I had been through on my drive here. By the time it was over there was no way I was driving home alone. I called Mona to tell her that Lauren had asked me to stay the night, then I lay down on the couch with a blanket and pillow, while the other three shared Lauren’s oversized bed. I could hear the faint whispers and occasional laughter, but since it had been such a long night, I fell asleep almost instantly. 
I woke some time later to the sounds of whispering in the hallway. I was sure I heard my name, but was too tired to get up and see who it was. Light poured into the room as the door creaked open. I could hear light footsteps heading to Lauren’s bed and another set that stopped beside me. Was I dreaming or was someone watching me as I slept? I felt a presence beside me for a few seconds, and then heard footsteps leading away. The door shut softly, leaving only the sound of breathing coming from the girls in the bed behind me. I opened my eyes and saw the shadow of feet walking away from under the crack of the door. I closed my eyes again, trying to forget the feeling of being watched.

The smell of popcorn drifted into my nose when I woke the next morning. I opened my eyes to see the bowl sitting on the table in front of me where we had left it the night before. Dust motes floated in the strip of sunlight that escaped through Lauren’s red silk curtains. I lifted my hand and waved it through the light, stopping the beam in my palm.
There was the sound of a gurgle behind me. I sat up and looked over at the canopy bed. Lauren, who was in the middle, lay on her back, her head tilted slightly, mouth wide open, and a strange gurgling snore erupted from her. I laughed softly. She didn’t look like the snoring type.
Lily was lying facing her, curled up against her shoulder, leaving about two feet of open space behind her. Allison, lay on the other side, huddled right up to the edge of the bed. If she moved even a sliver, she would tumble to the floor. Her lips were moving but if she was saying anything, I couldn’t hear her. As much as I could have sat and laughed at them all morning, I needed to get to the shelter. I felt guilty about ditching community service last night, so I wanted to go today. But first I needed stop at home for a quick shower.
I moved around the room quietly, folding the blanket and pulling my jeans on. With a quick look in the mirror above Lauren’s dresser, and seeing that my hair was somewhat tame, I snuck out the door. 
I was tiptoeing down the stairs when I saw someone coming out of a room at the end of the hall. He turned around, and I saw Nate staring at me with surprise. He was dressed casually, wearing a white T-shirt and jeans, his sun streaked hair falling into his eyes.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, taking the last few steps to the bottom. The smell of pine drifted around us.
“Mr. Riley asked me to come over this morning to talk about the shelter. Why are you here?”
I repressed the urge to hold back, still hurt and angry at him. “I came over to hang out with Lauren and her friends.”
“Why didn’t you come to the shelter last night?”
I tried to look indifferent, which was hard with him standing in front of me. “I didn’t feel like it. I have to go.” I stepped around him, heading to the entrance.
“Megan,” he called after I opened the door. Rain from outside blew in my face.
“What?” I stopped, but didn’t turn around.
“Are you all right?” His voice was so tender and soft. He seemed so genuinely concerned, I wanted to jump in his arms and tell him all the gory details of my dramatic drive over here. And yet, I couldn’t. If I did he would be sweet, caring, and helpful, and when I was just about to be comfortable with our new friendship, he would pull away.
“I’m fine, now I need to go.” Before I gave in to my urges.
“Mr. Riley told me there was some kind of problem on your way here.”
I turned my head slightly. “It’s not your concern. You’ve made it clear that you don’t date, or socialize, so there is no need to trouble yourself.” I walked out and ran to my car. I didn’t know why I was so upset. He’d never made me any promises, but I had let myself believe that he liked me, and I couldn’t take his rejection again.
The ride home was wet. The rain must have started in the night. At some point I had to turn the wipers on full blast, but no one followed me, so it was a step up from the drive over.


Chapter Nine
Manic

I met Julia in the shelter parking lot, noticing that Nate had arrived already, but of course, I wasn’t surprised. “Do you need some help?” she asked, opening her umbrella and holding it over both of us.
“No thanks, I got it.” I picked up the two loaded bags that I had packed when I went home to shower and change. We walked quickly together into the back door, out of the rain.
Instead of the usual clanging sounds of the pots and pans, the buzz of the blender floated out from the kitchen.
“So, where have you been the last few days?” Julia asked as she hung up her rain coat and then took mine to hang it up next to hers.
“Oh, I’ve been busy. But I brought DVDs for the kids to make up for it.”
She glanced inside, fingering a few of the movies. “Oh, they’ll love it. Thanks, Megan.”
We stepped into the kitchen where Nate and Theresa, Natalie’s mother, were blending what looked like fruit smoothies. I said hello to Theresa, but ignored Nate before he could ignore me.
I followed Julia out to her work space. “So what do you need me to do?” I leaned my arm on her desk and picked up a picture that must be of her family. She sat in the middle with three kids ranging in ages from five to fifteen, and a man with red hair stood behind her with his arms on her shoulders.
She took the picture out of my hand, placing it back on the desk. “Uh-uh, you know you need to ask Nate. I don’t know why you’re ignoring him, but you’re just going to have to suck it up. He’s your supervisor.” She yanked the bags from my hand. “I’ll give these out, you go make nice.” She gestured with her head to the direction of the kitchen.
“But he’s the one who has a problem with me,” I whined.
She held her hand up. “No, I don’t want to hear it. Go.”
I stomped my foot. “Fine,” I huffed, storming off back into the kitchen. “So what needs to be done?” I asked, not looking at anyone in particular.
“Well, Eddie’s cleaning the dining room and Patti’s cleaning the bedrooms, so you can either clean the bathrooms again, or help me make lunch,” Nate said as he unloaded burgers and hotdogs out of the fridge. Theresa was chopping lettuce and trying to look uninterested in our conversation.
Of course it was obvious what job I was going to pick. I wanted to be around him as much as possible. And even though the last time wasn’t as bad as I thought, cleaning the men’s urinals gave me nightmares for days. “I’ll clean the bathrooms,” I said, surprising myself. I turned around before he could respond, and headed to the supply closet. 

“What the heck did they eat last night, beans?” I grumbled to myself as I sprayed about a bottle and a half of air freshener in the men’s bathroom. After I closed the door behind me I let out the breath I’d been holding.
“Hey, Megan, where’ve you been?” Natalie asked as she made her way down the long hall towards me, wearing one of my vintage off-the-shoulder tops.
“Oh, just some personal issues. What have you been up to?” I moved the cleaner caddy from my right hand to my left, so I could brush hair out of my eyes.
“Packing. Mom got a job at Riley’s Department Store and our apartment is finally ready.”
“That’s awesome.” I gave her a one-handed hug, really happy for her. My heart swelled with happiness for them. “You’re going to come back, and see us, aren’t you?”
“Yes. Part of the deal of staying here is helping out when you can, even after you leave. But I’m okay with that, I’ll really miss everybody. Want to help me pack?”
“Sure, just let me stash the cleaning supplies and I’ll meet you in there.”

About an hour later I found my way back downstairs to help with lunch. “Where’ve you been? I needed your help.” Nate scowled at me as soon as I stepped into the kitchen.
“I was helping Natalie pack.” I rolled my eyes at him and huffed loudly. “All you had to do was come up and ask.”
His face unclenched a little. “I’m sorry, but I was a little shorthanded this morning and after you didn’t show up last night I thought you weren’t taking this seriously.”
“I didn’t show up last night because of your atti—”
“Nate, where do you want this?” Mia asked, interrupting me. She stood behind him holding a tray filled with condiments.
He glared at me for a few seconds, and then slowly turned to towards Mia. “Out in the dining room. Megan, go help serve,” he said to me, still facing Mia.
I did what I was told, taking the empty spot in the middle between Eddie and a new guy, who smelled oddly of mothballs.

When it was time to leave at the end of the day, Nate stopped me just as I was about to pull out of the parking lot.
“I’m going to follow you home,” he informed me as he headed for his car.
However, I no longer wanted his help. “No thanks, I’m fine.” He didn’t have a chance to argue before I spun out of the lot. I laughed to myself at the small victory. I knew I was being petty, but I just didn’t care.
I was singing along to the radio when I noticed headlights shine in my rearview mirror. Icy claws of fear gripped ahold of me and my heart sped up at the image of Shane in his SUV following me again. I relaxed a little when I noticed the lights were lower to the ground, and the car kept a safe distance, although, by the third turn, and they were still there, I knew who it was.
I pulled into my driveway extremely ticked off. “Do you not understand the words ‘I don’t need your help’?” I yelled before Nate even got out of his car. I was standing against mine waiting, arms folded in front of me.
“I just wanted to make sure you were okay.” He slammed his door in frustration.
“Why do you care?” I shouted at him. “You’re nice one minute and a total ass the next. I don’t know how to take you. So I’m done. I’m giving up trying with you. If you can’t have a friendship with me without blowing me off every other day, I definitely don’t want your help.”
He took a deep breath, glancing away from me in the direction of the woods that bordered our yard. “I’m sorry if I’ve been giving you mixed messages. It’s not that I don’t want to be around you… it’s just that I shouldn’t.”
“What does that mean?” I wasn’t sure why I was yelling, but it felt good.
“Will you tell me what happened last night?” he asked, ignoring my question.
I sighed, giving up, and began to replay the events of the night before in detail. When I finished, he leaned against my car beside me. His hand brushed mine, but I refused to read anything into it. “Let’s agree to call a truce. I won’t be an ass, and you will let me help you when it’s needed, okay?”
Nowhere in the compromise was anything about being more than friends, but I decided it didn’t have to be, as long as I could be near him. Man, I’m weak. “All right, you can help me. Does that mean I can eat lunch with you?”
His face hardened, but he quickly smiled. “That’s fine,” he said even though I could tell it wasn’t.
With the agreement made, an awkward silence fell over us that only ended when he made an excuse to leave, muttering something about paperwork.

Lauren pulled into my driveway just as I was finished getting ready for our night out.
“Don’t we need ID?” I asked once I was seated in the back seat beside Lily, inside Lauren’s compact car.
Lauren pulled out and headed in the direction of Montaview Heights. Even though I’d never been there, I knew the way. It was a twenty-minute drive. Nate had told me not to go with Lauren when he asked me my plans earlier. At first I was shocked at his attitude. He didn’t want to be with me, but had no problem telling me what to do. Of course, after the last two weeks I had come to expect it. I might have implied that I would do what he said, but as soon as he left, I changed into my denim miniskirt and black halter top. I straightened my hair and pulled it up at the sides, leaving some of my bangs hanging in my eyes, to which I had added black eye liner. I looked in the mirror, happy with my reflection. I looked dangerous. I felt that since I was going to a part of town that I was unfamiliar with, I needed to look the part.
“No, I know the bouncer. As long as you flash him something and you’re with me, you’re good.” Allison answered, bringing me back to the present. I watched her take out her makeup mirror to touch up her lipstick. The dark purple made her already pale skin almost glow. Her raven hair, blue eyes, and light complexion made her appear mysterious. The short black lacy dress she wore only added to the look.
“I heard what you did at the shelter, Megan.”
“What did she do?” Allison’s head spun around to look at Lily.
“She gave away a bunch of new designer clothes to the girls there. It was a cool thing to do.” Lily gave me an approving smile. I glanced out the window, uncomfortable with her praise.
“You bought them new clothes?” Allison asked.
“No, my mother gives me clothes instead of attention, so I put them to good use, since I never wear them.” I continued to gaze out the window to avoid the looks of pity, but I glanced up into the rearview mirror and saw Lauren give me a knowing smile. I had no idea what it meant, but before I could ask, Lily shrieked, “Oh my God, I love this song.” She bent over the seats, reaching to turn up the radio, The Black Eyed Peas sang out of the speaker that tonight was going to be a good night. It was the perfect song to start our evening.
Allison turned around in her seat, leaning over the headrest to stare at me, her lips turned upward into an almost smile.
“What?” I asked, after she sat silently for a few seconds.
“Is it true?”
“Is what true?”
“Have you finally done what no other girl in the last three years has been able to do?”
“Is she talking in riddles?” I asked, glancing from Lily to Lauren. They both laughed, but Allison ignored us.
She smirked at me and tilted her head. “You are, aren’t you?” I shrugged my shoulders and gave her a look of complete confusion. “You’re dating Nate Green?”
I laughed. I couldn’t help it. It was such a big deal in our school. His name was whispered in locker rooms and in most of the girls’ bedrooms. Since he kept to himself and rarely spoke to anyone, he was a mystery to them, and now that I’d been seen with him, so was I. “Are you serious?”
She narrowed her eyes at me. “Come on, don’t lie. I’ve seen you with him. You must be dating.”
“Maybe he’s tutoring me. Did you think of that?”
“It’s a possibility. Except you’re rich, and everyone knows he wouldn’t tutor you. Besides as far as I know you’re passing all your classes. So come on, spill it.”
I smiled, wishing I could keep silent. I loved being linked to the mysterious handsome loner. There were so many crazy stories made up about him and I wondered if there were any about me yet. But I couldn’t hold my tongue just to appear mysterious. I wanted these three girls to be my friends since I was suddenly without any. All eyes were on me. Lily was as close to me as she could get without sitting on my lap, and Lauren was glancing between me and the road. “No, we’re not dating.”
Three disappointed expressions stared back at me. Since they couldn’t date him themselves, they’d settle for someone they knew, as long as they could get a look into his life.
“Then why are you hanging out?” Lily asked, picking up her purse and looking through it.
“First of all, we’re not hanging out. He’s protecting me from the people that slashed my tires, and I’m volunteering at Riley House. He works there.”
“Well, that’s disappointing,” Allison mumbled, turning around to face the front again. “I thought I’d finally get to hear about the infamous Nate Green.”
“Sorry to disappoint, but he’s told me many times he doesn’t date, or socialize.”
“I bet you can change that. You just have to try harder.” Lauren spoke for the first time since I’d gotten in the car.
I looked at her. She was turning on to Kendal Avenue, the road that led to Montaview Heights. “Yeah, Lauren, you said that before, but I tried and he turned me down flat.”
“Just keep trying.”
I sighed, tired of her cryptic words. “That’s easy for you to say, you’re not the one he keeps turning down. There’s only so much rejection I can take.” She only shrugged her shoulders and turned her eyes back to the road ahead.
She stopped at a stop sign, and I was pretty sure we were almost there. We were no longer in the middle-class neighborhood of Montaview. The houses were smaller here and there seemed to be more garbage on the lawns. I noticed guys in jeans and leather jackets hanging outside of houses and businesses, staring at cars and people as they went by. Occasionally, they’d whistle or yell at girls walking along the sidewalk.
We pulled into a parking lot lined with a chain-link fence. “Where’s the bar?” I asked, looking around and only seeing the parking lot, cars, and a deserted building. A few groups of teenagers loitered in the corner of the lot.
“Around the corner. You can never get a spot out front,” Lauren informed me as she turned off the car and then reached for her purse.
“Remember, everyone, just take something you can pretend is ID and money, otherwise leave it in the car.” Allison was digging out her money and what looked like her student ID, and stuck it in her bra. She didn’t have any pockets in her dress.
I pulled out my library card that I hadn’t used since middle school, not wanting to lose anything else. Then I took out a couple of twenties, folded them up, and stuck them in the front pocket of my jean skirt.
Everyone climbed out of the car, and I followed them around the corner. There was a line of teenagers along the street, in front of a large red brick building. Two windows on either side of the door were covered with some kind of black material. A dark sign with white lettering above the door read Manic. The walls of the building were vibrating with bass-pumping music.
We crossed the street and stood in line. There were at least twenty people in front of us; it’d be midnight before we got in. “Don’t worry, the line goes fast,” Lauren said from beside me, answering my thoughts.
“You come here a lot?”
“I’ve been here a few times. Allison first brought me here last year. Now we come whenever they have new bands playing.”
About ten minutes later we were standing in front of a bouncer, a big muscled guy with black hair. He was wearing a tight black T-shirt and black jeans. “Hey, girls, come to see the new band?” he asked, a lot friendlier than he looked.
He nodded at the card Allison held up. “Yep, are they any good?” she asked.
He shrugged as the rest of us flashed our fake cards. “Not my taste, but you might like them.” As we started to walk away, he grabbed Allison’s arm. Fear knotted in my stomach and I froze, waiting to hear what he would say. “Remember the rules, Ally, and be careful.” She smiled as she patted his cheek. He let her go.




Chapter Ten
Are We Having Fun Yet?

We followed Allison into the wide open room. There was a long bar to the right with small tables throughout, and along the back wall was a large stage. A group of guys that looked like they were in their early twenties stood above us singing a heavy rock song I had never heard before. The lead singer had long brown hair and wore a ripped T-shirt and jeans. The rest of them were dressed basically the same. The dance floor was packed with dancing bodies, and tons of teenagers stood along the walls watching.
“Isn’t this amazing?” Lily yelled over the music. She was standing beside me as we stopped to see if there was a free table.
I had to admit it was. I had been to a few clubs downtown but nothing as wild as this. There were so many different types of people here; it was awesome. I nodded to her just as Allison spotted a table near the bar. 
“How do you know the bouncer?” I asked Allison as I sat down on a chair across from her.
“He’s my uncle.”
“What are the rules?”
“Only drink soda and never leave it alone. And never leave with people I don’t know. If I do, I can’t come back.” Sounded sensible enough; I had no problem with the rules.
“Come on Ally, let’s get some drinks,” Lauren said, standing up. “You two stay here and hold the table.”
I watched them weave through the hordes of people heading toward the bar.
“So, what’s Nate like?” Lily asked, leaning in to hear me over the loud music.
“At school he’s grouchy and annoyed most of the time, but at the shelter he’s funny and charming. He jokes with everyone and really cares about the people there.”
“Really? That doesn’t sound like him.”
“I know, but he’s really happy at the shelter. It’s strange, it’s like he’s a different person when he’s there.”
“I said hi to him once. He just grunted and walked away.”
“You know he’s like that with everyone, right?”
Her eyebrows rose, her bright green eyes flashed. “Not you.”
“At school he only tolerates me because of the trouble I’m in. But he’s told me many times he didn’t want me around. When I ask him anything personal, he ignores me completely.”
“He sounds charming,” Lily said, sarcasm coating her words.
“Yep,” I replied dryly, watching the dancers bounce around on the dance floor.
Lauren and Ally came back and set four sodas in the center of the table.
“What were you guys talking about?” Lauren asked as she sat down next to me.
“How Nate Green is rude to her at school, but nice at the shelter,” Lily volunteered, taking her soda from the girls.
“He’s rude to you?” Allison asked me.
I shrugged my shoulders, hoping to move the conversation to something else. I really didn’t need to be reminded every five minutes of how Nate constantly shot me down. I took a sip of my drink.
“She said he always tells her he doesn’t want her around.” Lily was yelling a little louder than was necessary.
Allison leaned back in her chair. “What a jerk.”
“It’s who he is, but I’m used to it. Uh… who’s that?” A guy with long blond hair pulled back in a ponytail and a gold hoop earring in his left ear was sitting at the bar staring at Allison.
“Oh, that’s Marty. He has the hots for Allison. Here he comes.” Lily looked down at her drink.
“Hey, Allison, do you want to dance?” Marty asked, leaning against my chair as if I were invisible.
“Sure.” Allison stood up and sauntered to the dance floor. He followed behind her with his hand on her lower back. Her long ink-black hair swayed as she moved to the music.
Lauren and Lily stood up to dance. “Do you mind watching the table?” Lily asked, “I’ll just dance once then I’ll come back and trade,” she promised before turning away with Lauren.
“Go, I’m fine. I don’t really like this music anyway.”
“Thanks, and don’t worry, they’re not the only band of the night.”
Thank god. I wasn’t in the mood for classic rock. The guys looked like they climbed out of a time machine from the eighties.
“What are you doing here, rich girl?”
I turned around at the sound of a familiar voice and saw Eddie standing with some guy about his age with brown hair and blue eyes. I smiled and stood up, giving him a friendly hug. “What do you mean? I come here all the time.”
He laughed. “Yeah, right, you really fit in well. What you’re wearing probably costs more than the bar.”
“Hey, I blend in.” I looked down at my outfit, suddenly self-conscious.
“You do. I’m kidding.” He sat down in Lily’s chair, and brown hair, blue eyes sat across from me. “Megan, this is my friend Danny.”
Danny’s mouth turned at the edges into an almost smile, extending his hand to me. I took it, noticing he had a tattoo of a snake on his wrist. His hand was warm and clammy.
“It’s nice to meet you, Danny,” I yelled above the loud guitar solo. I looked up on the stage and saw the short guitarist crawling around on the floor. I shook my head, really hoping the bands got better. Danny nodded to me but said nothing, turning his head to watch the band.
“So what are you doing here?” Eddie asked again.
“I’m here with some friends. They’re dancing so I’m holding the table.”
“Which ones?” He looked out at the dance floor, trying to guess who I was with. I pointed to Lauren and Lily, who were dancing in the center, and then I spotted Allison in the corner by the stage glued to Marty. “The little blond’s cute. Is she rich too?”
“Eddie, would you stop talking like that?”
He laughed. “I’m sorry. What’s her name?”
“It’s Lily, and if you’re nice I’ll introduce you.” The song ended and the girls came back. Eddie stood up, letting Lily sit down, and slapped Danny, pulling him out of his chair for Lauren to sit. It didn’t matter, though, because Allison didn’t come back. She stayed on the dance floor with Marty. Danny sat back down, and Lauren and I shared a chair so Eddie could sit. I introduced Eddie to Lily. They smiled at each other and nodded. “And this is Lauren.”
Lauren simply smiled at him. However, he stared at her with a curious expression. “Have we met before?”
Her face was blank as she looked him over. “No, I don’t think so.”
“I never forget a face and you seem so familiar.” His face held a puzzled expression, trying hard to figure out where he knew her.
She shook her head. “Sorry, but I don’t know you.” She quickly turned to Lily, asking about the song that was playing. Was it me or was she avoiding him?
The band played two more songs and then was replaced by an indie band, whose lead singer was amazing. He wasn’t bad on the eyes, and his voice was so good I had to get up and dance. I left Eddie to watch the table. Danny danced with a girl that had purple hair and a pierced eyebrow.
After a couple of songs I went back to sit down and keep Eddie company, but Danny beat me to it. He was sitting beside Eddie drinking what looked like beer. “So you’re the rich girl that Eddie volunteers with?”
The harmless nickname that I was called at the shelter seemed almost sinister coming from Danny. “I guess so, I do volunteer with him.”
“And you’re a Banks.”
I was becoming very uncomfortable with him, I looked at Eddie for help, but he was talking to Lily. I hadn’t even seen her approach.
“Yeah, so?” I folded my arms in front of me, not hiding my annoyance.
“Do you want to dance?” he asked as the music turned to a slow song. I could think of a million things I would like do right about now, but dancing with someone who only seemed interested once he found out my last name wasn’t one of them.
“No thanks, I’m good.” 
He shrugged and stood up, heading over to the bar. Lily leaned over. “I like your friend, is he a good guy?”
I glanced over at Eddie, who had followed Danny to the bar. “Yes, he is. But I’m beginning to think that Danny’s a jerk. He barely spoke to me until he found out my last name.”
She looked sympathetic. “That must really suck, not knowing if your friends are with you for you, or your money.”
“It does. And it’s happened a few times, but I’m a good judge of character. I can usually spot them right away.”
“Yeah, Lauren can too. It’s happened a few times, especially here, once people find out she’s a Riley. We don’t usually use her last name.” She looked up, her gaze sweeping over the crowd, her body swaying to the music. “Hey, is that Nate?” she asked, pointing to the back corner near an exit door. I followed her gaze, but only saw the shoulder of a guy who was wearing all black. I couldn’t even see the color of his hair from this distance. 
“I don’t know, I don’t see him. But I doubt it. He would never come to a place like this.” I looked around the room. “Where’s Lauren?”
“Huh, that’s weird, she was right behind me. Maybe she went to the washroom.”
“Hey, guys, could you watch the table?” I called to Eddie and Danny, who were walking toward us. “We lost Lauren, so we’re going to go check out the washroom,” We stood up to wait for them.
“Sure, but Lily, when you come back you owe me a dance.” Eddie pointed at her with a wink. She giggled as she took my hand.
Danny rubbed up against me as he passed. “You owe me one too,” he whispered in my ear. His hot breath smelled of beer. Lily jerked my hand, pulling me toward the washrooms. I nodded to Danny, unsure of what to say.
The bathrooms were down a hall at the end of the bar. We ducked elbows, swerved from flying drinks, and avoided guys who wanted to dance. Finally, we could see the door to the washroom. We pushed our way through and stopped; there was such a long line we couldn’t even shut the door. “Lauren!” Lily yelled. A few different-sounding voices echoed her, but no one answered back. Where was she?
We headed back into the main room and stood in the doorway of the washrooms, looking around for her blond hair and red silk top. “There she is,” Lily said, pointing to our table. She was sitting down taking a sip of her soda and talking to Eddie. Allison was back huddled with Marty.
Lily started to make her way back to our table. I was about to follow her when I was suddenly pulled and shoved into a corner. It was dark, and the main lights didn’t reach this far; no one would even see me here. I started to scream, but was cut off by a hand covering my mouth.
“Shh, it’s me,” said a very familiar, deep voice.
I squinted to see the face in the darkness. “Nate?” He nodded. I shoved him away. “What are you doing? You scared me half to death.”
He took a step back, and under the small light from the bar, I could see him more clearly now. He was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans—he was obviously the guy Lily had seen. “What are you doing here?”
“I was about to ask you the same question. I told you not to come here, remember?”
Okay, now I was mad. I was getting used to him bossing me around, but now he was following me.
“You have no right to tell me what to do.” I shoved his shoulder, but his expression was unfazed. 
He glared at me. “Have you forgotten about your trouble with the football team? What if Shane shows up?”
“I know them. They wouldn’t set foot in this area. Besides, I can handle myself.” I shoved past him, intending to stomp away, but he grabbed my arm. His fingers were warm as they wrapped around my skin.
“Come on, I’ m taking you home.”
That was my limit. My parents didn’t even tell me what to do. I stomped on his foot and he loosened his grip enough that I was able to pull my arm free. I didn’t see what else he did because I was rushing through the crowd trying to get to the table before he caught up to me. Halfway there I turned around to see if I’d lost him. He was gone. All I saw was a sea of teenage faces that I didn’t recognize. I looked at the back corner where he had shoved me. It was empty. I couldn’t see him, but I knew he hadn’t left the bar, I could feel him here, watching me.
“There you are. We were getting worried,” Lily said as I sat down between her and Lauren. Someone had pulled some more chairs over so no one had to share.
“I went back to the washroom,” I lied smoothly. It was a talent I learned from my father the lawyer, and my mother the socialite.
A slow song came on. The good-looking singer swayed back and forth, making eyes at the girls standing in front of the stage.
“Come on, Lily, you owe me a dance, remember.” Eddie stood up, holding his hand out for her. She took it with a big grin on her face. I watched them walk together to the dance floor. Eddie looked like a giant compared to Lily. There was more than just their height that stood out. He was broad in the shoulders with a dark complexion and black hair, while she was very petite with pale blond hair.
“They’re cute together, don’t you think?” Lauren said, leaning into me.
“Yeah, they are. Where were you, by the way? Lily and I looked everywhere.”
“I was in the washroom. You must have just missed me. So are you having fun?”
“I am actually. I’ve never been to a place like this.” I looked around the room at the couples dancing. Lily was smiling at something Eddie was whispering in her ear. Allison was dancing again, but this time with a different guy. “What happen to Marty?” I asked Lauren
“He had to leave, but it never takes Alli long to find a new dance partner.”
The song ended, and the band started playing another slow song. “Come on, Megan, you owe me a dance,” Danny said, standing in front of me holding his hand out, mimicking Eddie.
I looked to Lauren for help. “Go, I’ll be fine here.”
I narrowed my eyes at her as I stood up to follow Danny. I heard Lauren giggle as I walked away.




Chapter Eleven
Rejected Again

I put my hands on Danny’s shoulders, keeping as far away from him as possible without looking rude. He smelled of sweat, strong cologne, and beer.
“So, why don’t I take you out sometime? I’ve never been with a rich chick.”
Wow, he’s so flattering. “No thanks,” I said flatly.
He pulled back to look at me, his eyes showing just a touch of anger. “What? Am I not good enough for you?”
“I didn’t say that, but you didn’t even talk to me until you heard my last name, and you’ve made it clear that you’re only interested in my money.” I started to pull away, but his arms tightened around my back. His fingers dug into my skin.
“I know you think you’re better than everyone because you have money. But I know you’re just some poor little rich girl getting her kicks slumming it with the rest of us.”
I stiffened. His words stung even though I knew they weren’t true. “Please let me go.” I tried again to get away, but his grip was too tight. I moved my hands down to push against his shoulders; he only smiled.
“May I cut in?” a deep voice suddenly asked.
We looked up to see Nate scowling at Danny.
“Sorry, man, we’re kind of busy here.” Danny’s cold eyes barely shifted away from me.
“Megan?” Nate asked, obviously hoping I wouldn’t push him away this time. I nodded silently. Nate grabbed Danny’s arm, yanking it from my back. “I believe the lady asked you to stop.” His voice was a low growl.
Danny’s eyes widened. He swung his fist at Nate’s face, but Nate blocked it with his hand and grabbed it. The way Danny’s eyes widened with pain told me that Nate was squeezing his hand hard. When he let go, Danny lowered his eyes, mumbled something I couldn’t understand, and rushed away.
Nate held out his hand and bowed slightly. “May I have this dance?”
I nodded, at a loss for words.
His arms rested on my lower back while I wrapped my arms around his shoulders, leaning in as close as I could. He smelled of pine and leather, an odd combination, but I couldn’t help but take another deep breath, enjoying his strange scent.
His eyes flicked to me, and his lips turned up into a knowing grin. I turned my head into his shoulder, suddenly embarrassed that I had been caught sniffing him. “So, now will you let me take you home?” His voice was void of his usual harshness, replaced by a soft, concerned whisper.
I lifted my head to look him in the eyes. “Aren’t you going to say I told you so?” I smiled, not wanting to argue with him.
“No, I’m not. I just want to keep you safe.”
“Why?”
“I just do. Remember our deal from earlier. You said you’d let me help you.”
“Yes, I remember. But I knew Shane wouldn’t be here.” The song ended, replaced by a fast one. Most of the couples left the dance floor, except us, we remained swaying slowly regardless of the speed of the song. His body was snug against mine, and I didn’t want to fight or talk anymore. I just wanted to lean my head against his shoulders and feel the warmth of his arms around me.
I expected him to argue with me, to make me leave with him, but instead his arms tightened around my waist and his head rested against mine. The rest of the room seemed to disappear until it was just the two of us. I didn’t hear the music or the low buzz of voices from the couples dancing around us, just the pounding of our hearts and his slow breathing. When the next song ended, he looked into my eyes and leaned down. I lifted my head and closed my eyes waiting for his lips to touch mine. I could sense him just inches from me, his breath hot against my skin, but then he pulled back.
I opened my eyes and saw that his face was void of expression. “The song’s over. I’ll take you home.”
Disappointment clenched inside me like a fist, almost causing physical pain. My eyes stung from yet another rejection. I couldn’t believe I had let myself get carried away, again. How many times could my heart break from one person?
I pulled away from him. If I didn’t, I knew the tears that were threatening to fall would erupt at any moment, and I wasn’t going to let him see me cry. “I don’t need you.” My voice shook as I turned away, rushing to the table.
Everyone was there except Danny. Lauren was sitting beside a guy with auburn hair, a ripped T-shirt and a nose ring. Alli sat beside Eddie, and Lily was on the other side.
“You two looked cozy,” Allison said with a smirk, her arms folded in front of her. She obviously thought I was lying earlier.
I ignored her comment and gazed down at Lauren. “Can we go?”
Her smile vanished as she saw my face, and then her eyes shifted behind me.
“It’s fine, I’ll take her home,” Nate said, appearing out of nowhere.
“Hey, boss man, what are you doing here?” Eddie stood up and held out his hand. Nate smiled slightly, but otherwise ignored him.
Lauren took my hand, staring coldly at Nate. “I think you’ve done enough.” She turned her head. “Come on, guys, its time to go.” Then without waiting for Lily and Allison, she pulled me toward the exit.
“Megan,” Nate called. I turned around to see his face full of regret. “I’m sorry.” But as soon as the words were out, his blank mask returned and he turned his back on me.
Lauren pulled me out of the bar and to the car without any questions. Once inside she said, “I’m sorry, Megan, he’s a jerk.”
I sat in the front seat beside her, looking out into the deserted parking lot. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
She nodded and started the car. Not long after, the back doors opened, Allison and Lily climbed in.
“What the hell—”
“Don’t,” Lauren interrupted Allison with only one word, and the car was suddenly quiet. The rest of the way home Lily prattled on about Eddie and how good a dancer he was and how sweet he was. It helped to get my mind off of Nate. Lauren dropped the other girls off at Allison’s, a nice middle-class grey stone home in a quiet subdivision. They stood outside of her house and waved as we drove away.
“Do you feel like some company?” Lauren asked halfway to my house.
I almost said no, but the idea of finally being able about to talk about Nate was something I couldn’t turn down, and Lauren struck me as the kind of person I could open up to. Was I just a glutton for punishment or did he really like me, like I thought? I wasn’t one to throw myself at someone who wasn’t interested. Nate was just so confusing. I just wished I could walk away and be done with it, but every time I looked at his face and into his deep blue eyes I was drawn to him. And I was sure he felt the same way, but every time we came close, he pulled away. My heart couldn’t take much more rejection.
Lauren drove me home and I invited her to stay over. We stayed up half the night talking. She was a really good listener and oddly comforting. At one point the tears did fall. She handed me a tissue and listened, telling me what a jackass Nate was.
By morning, I had a new best friend and I felt much better. It was surprising how much talking to someone actually helped. She made me see that just being friends with Nate was good enough. Like me, she was sure Nate was interested, but there had to be a reason why he was holding back. “I know it’s hard, Megan, but just be patient. He’ll come around eventually. Guys are slow. Just go at his speed and maybe he’ll surprise you.”
She left shortly after, and instead of heading to the shelter, I decided to stay home. I wasn’t ready to face him, at least not yet.
That night, as I was shoving my homework in my bag getting ready for the morning, the phone rang. It was Nate. I almost didn’t answer, but he was just so hard to resist. “What do you want?” I asked coldly.
“I’m sorry,” he said for the second time. “I wanted to see if you were okay.”
“I’m fine.” I hated to hear my own voice soften. I wanted to be mad at him.
“About last night—”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Are you still going to let me help you? Do we still have a deal?”
Why couldn’t I resist him? What was with this pull I felt towards him? “Yes,” I whispered.
“Good, I’ll see you at school. Good night, Megan.”
“Good night.”

The next day, and for the rest of the school week, Nate was civil to me. He walked me to and from classes, protecting me from the big, bad football boys. I chose to eat lunch with Lauren and her friends, since I wasn’t sure whether or not he would brush me off even though he said he wouldn’t.
At lunch on Wednesday, Lily, Allison, and I stood in line for food. Lauren was late but told us not to wait for her.
“What’s this, Megan? Scraping the bottom of the barrel for friends, I see?” Jenny stood in front of me, and an embarrassed Mandy stood behind her looking away. Jenny smiled and gave Allison and Lily the same look she gave a waiter when she found a hair in her salad. “You’re welcome to come back to us, we forgive you.”
My eyes widened. “You forgive me?” I asked in disbelief. She nodded as if she were some sort of saint. “For what? Keeping your secret? Not telling that your boyfriend threatened me, slashed my tires, and tried to run me down with his car?” She blinked, and her smile faded. “I wouldn’t come back to you guys if you were the last people on earth. I finally have friends who I trust and have fun with. These two girls may not have a lot of money, but they like me for who I am and not because my daddy’s the boss. I know you hung out with me so your father could get in with my dad, but just so you know, I only tolerated you because Mandy wanted to get close to Chris.” 
Jenny huffed and spun on Mandy, who only looked down at the floor.
I pulled Allison and Lily toward the cashier, leaving Jenny standing where she was, looking stunned. Mandy walked away and headed for their usual table.
I paid for their food, ignoring their protests. “Come on, I owe you for having to listen to Jenny’s crap.”
“Please, it was worth it just to hear you tell her off,” Allison said. “But okay, you can pay this once, but we’ll buy next time.”
I smiled at them. I wasn’t used to being friends with normal girls who genuinely liked each other and treated one another with respect. I had a flashback of Jenny whining about smashing her car again and I almost laughed. The difference between my new friends and my old ones was almost comical.
“What did I miss?” Lauren asked, sitting across from me, beside Lily.
“Oh not much, just Jenny insulting us, and Megan telling her off.” Allison held up a fry and took a bite.
Lauren’s eyes widened in surprise. “Really?”
Lily nodded and related the story to a very disappointed Lauren. “That’s it! Next time you choose to tell any of them off, wait until I get here.” She pointed a carrot stick at me as if threatening to hit me with it.
I smiled, taking a bite of a cucumber. “I promise.”
I laughed, watching the girls tease Lauren about missing the action.

I stopped at home on Friday before heading to Riley House, telling Nate I’d meet him there.
I noticed his car in his usual spot parked behind the shelter. I pulled in next to it and slid in the back door. As I entered the kitchen I heard voices. When I heard my name, I stopped behind the wall, where we usually hung our coats, to listen.
“So what’s up with you and Megan?” I heard Eddie ask.
“Nothing, why?” Nate said. I heard the clang of a knife. It sounded like he was chopping something.
“I thought I got a vibe from the two of you. But she’s been here for over two weeks, so now I’m not sure. If not, I wanted to see if you minded if I set her up with a friend of mine.”
Oh God, I hope he doesn’t mean Danny.
“Ow!”
“Dude, are you okay?” I heard footsteps that must be Eddie’s rushing over to Nate.
“Yeah, it’s just a cut.”
I slipped around the corner before Eddie said something I’d regret.
“Hey, guys,” I said stepping up to them. “What happened?” I stared at Nate, who had a towel wrapped around a finger.
“I cut myself. I’m going to get a Band-aid.” He walked out, heading for the bathroom. I stuck my bag by the door.
“I’m going to see if Julia needs me for anything.”
“Okay,” Eddie said, smiling. I hoped he didn’t think I’d go out with Danny after Saturday night. I left him chopping vegetables and found Julia at the front desk.
“Is there anything you need me to do? Or should I go help prepare for dinner? Nate’s busy right now or I’d ask him.”
“You can go set up the dining room. You know what to do, right?”
“Yes. Everything’s in there?”
She nodded and went back to the papers she was hovering over.
In the dining room I took the plates out of the cupboard and placed them on the serving table. I arranged the silverware in front and put out plastic cups.
On the food table I made sure there were serving spoons and turned on the heating plates. I took out the salt and pepper shakers and went to all the tables and added more where needed. As I glanced around to make sure everything was ready, I noticed that the tables were a bit dull; it would be more cheery if there were flowers on the tables. I made a note to cut some from our garden. 
I went in the kitchen to see how dinner was coming. “Do you need a hand? The dining room is all set.” 
Nate looked up from his chicken and nodded. “The potatoes are cooked. Do you want to mash them?” He pointed to the large pot sitting on the stovetop.
I panicked. I didn’t want to look stupid, since he was just starting to treat me like I wasn’t completely useless. My terror must have shown on my face because he smiled. “Just take the masher beside the stove there and mash them.” He made a motion with his hand to demonstrate.
As I walked slowly over to the pot, I heard Eddie chuckle quietly.
I can do this, they’re just potatoes, I chanted in my head. I looked inside the pot and saw a bunch of small pieces of white potatoes. Picking up the masher I started to push down. It was kind of fun—I could pound out my aggressions. I pictured Nate’s face inside the pot, telling me he didn’t want me. It wasn’t long before those suckers were mush. I might have gone a little overboard.
“Now what?” I asked Nate.
He smiled. “Add butter, milk, salt, and pepper.”
All the ingredients were in front of me. I added each one and stirred. It seemed too thick, so I added more milk. When it looked like Mona’s I took some garlic and added a little. I had seen Mona do that. I took a spoon and tried them. I had to admit they tasted good.
I felt a presence behind me and turned to see Nate grinning down at me. He took a bite with the same spoon. “Mmm, that’s good. You added garlic. Did you get that idea from Mona?” he asked, smiling and leaning back on the counter.
“Yes. So, what do you think?”
“They’re good. You should have Mona teach you to cook. So you don’t look horrified next time someone asks you to do something simple.”
I gave him a swat on the shoulder and for a second I thought I saw his eyes darken. He shook his head and turned back to the chicken he had just taken out of the oven. “The chicken is cooked. How about the vegetables, Eddie?”
“Done,” he said, giving Nate and me a strange look.
“Good, let’s bring them in.”




Chapter Twelve
It’s About Time

We each carried in our dish and put them in the hot plates. I stood between both guys while the first of the residents came in.
“Hey, Walter, how’s it going today?” Nate asked an elderly man with white hair and wrinkles. He was wearing a sweater vest and holding a cane.
“Can’t complain, Nate; not with you cooking. What’s for dinner today?” He picked up a plate and silverware and walked over to us.
“Spicy chicken, mixed vegetables, and Megan’s famous mashed potatoes.” He smiled, glanced at me, and winked. What was with him? Yes, he’d been a lot better this week, but tonight it seemed like he was flirting, and that was so not like him.
“The rich girl?” His eyes went wide as he glanced at me. “I don’t know. You don’t look like you’ve cooked much,” Walter said with a smile which made Eddie laugh.
I sneered at Eddie. “Don’t worry, I only poisoned Eddie’s potatoes.” My words only made him laugh harder. We loaded Walter’s plate while more people filed in.
I noticed the family from the fire. I had heard they were staying with the mother, Anna’s, family, but since their house was taking so long to get fixed up, they moved in here after Natalie and her mother moved out. I hadn’t had a chance to speak to them yet.
Before I could talk myself out of it, I made my way over to where they were picking up plates. “Excuse me?” I said as I approached them.
Kara and Billy looked up and smiled.
“Hey, guys, how are you?” I ruffled their hair with my hands.
Billy just smiled while Kara hugged my leg.
“I wanted to tell you how sorry I was about what happened,” I said to the kids’ parents. “If there is anything I can do to help, just let me know.”
Mike and Anna both smiled. “Thank you. We wanted to thank you for what you did. We heard that you tried to get in. I know that Nate wouldn’t have heard the fire if you hadn’t been banging on the door,” Mike said, picking up a cup.
“Yes, and I know how hard it must be to stand up to your friends. I just want you to know we appreciate what you did.” Anna gave me a hug. I was so touched by their forgiveness that I had to walk away before the tears that stung my eyes fell down my cheeks.
When I stepped past Nate to take my place again, he was gaping at me.
“What?” I asked.
He shook his head. “Nothing.”

When all the dinner was served, we made up plates and ate in the kitchen with Julia. She and I were discussing the latest movie she had seen when I overheard Eddie whisper to Nate. “So I guess the answer to my question earlier would be no?” 
Nate just shoveled potatoes into his mouth, ignoring Eddie.
We finished eating then headed into the kitchen to clean up. I washed the dishes while Nate dried. Eddie brought all the food and serving dishes in. Nate was quiet again until Eddie came in. “So when are Steve, Markus, and Frannie coming back?” Eddie asked, scooping the leftover food in Tupperware dishes.
“Who?” I placed a plate in the sink for Nate to dry.
“They’re other volunteers. They’ve been off for a while.” He looked at Eddie. “They’re starting back next week.”
“Good, then maybe I could take a few days off. I need to study for an exam next week.”
Nate frowned at him. “Eddie, if you need more time to study, why don’t you take the next few months off until school’s out? We really appreciate your help, but your studies come first. Besides, now that Megan’s here we can manage better without you.”
Eddie smiled. “I might take you up on that. Now that exams are starting I’m a little stressed.” He stepped up to us to dump a big bowl into my dishwater. Water splashed all over the front of my shirt.
“Ugh.” I turned to Eddie and scowled at him. “Thanks a lot. Now I’m soaked.”
He just laughed and walked into the dining room.
“Here,” Nate said, lifting up a towel. I turned to him as he started to wipe the front of my shirt, touching things that were off limits at the moment. I stared at him in a daze, unable to stop him. He looked up, oblivious to what he was doing. When he gazed into my eyes, he realized his mistake and dropped the towel. “Oh God, I’m so sorry—” He didn’t finish his sentence because my lips were suddenly on his, and my hands were gripping his thick, wavy hair.
He froze for an instant, obviously as shocked as I was at my sudden move. I thought he was going to push me away, but when he finally recovered, he took a deep breath, wrapped his arms around my back, and pulled me closer. His kiss was wild and hungry, but his lips were surprisingly gentle as they moved over mine. I closed my eyes and sunk into the kiss. He opened his mouth and I felt sparks fly as his tongue teased mine. He moaned softly as he backed me up against the counter.
“Uh hum.” Someone cleared their throat. We froze mid-kiss and turned around. Eddie stood in the doorway with a huge grin on his face, holding a serving platter. “Am I interrupting?”
We pulled apart quickly. “No, we were uh…just finishing the dishes. Better hurry, I have homework,” I stammered, stepping away from Nate. I wiped my shirt with the cloth that he had dropped to the floor before I kissed him. When I took the platter from Eddie, I thought I saw them exchange a grin.
When we were finished cleaning Nate went to the office to do some paperwork. I said goodbye to everyone and headed home.

As soon as I got home, I rushed into the kitchen, where Mona was putting the dishes away.
“Mona, guess what?” I said in a sing-song voice.
She looked up from the silverware drawer just as she placed a fork in. “What?” A grin spread across her face.
“I kissed Nate.”
“You hussy.” She winked at me as she shut the silverware drawer. “How was it?”
“Amazing,” I said, sighing heavily as I threw myself into a chair.
“I’m happy for you, honey. I knew you’ve always liked him.”
“Yes, I did. But he’s so confusing. One minute I think he likes me, the next he pushes me away.”
“That’s men for you. You can never tell what they’re thinking.”
“That’s for sure. For the last two weeks I thought he might ask me out or kiss me, but every time I think he’s about to do something, he suddenly clams up and pulls away. So, even though I didn’t plan to, I kissed him.”
She stacked a pile of plates on the counter. “I’m guessing he kissed you back.”
“Not at first. I think I shocked him as much as I did myself, but when he pulled himself together he kissed me, and I mean kissed me. Until Eddie walked in and interrupted us.”
“So, what does this mean?”
“I don’t know. I left shortly afterward.” I sighed, standing up. “I’m going to go to my room to daydream.”
As I walked out of the kitchen I heard her yell, “Have fun.”
I smiled to myself just as I heard the sound of my father talking loudly behind his office door. From the sound of his voice someone on the other end of the conversation must be giving him news he wasn’t happy about. I tiptoed passed the door and down the hallway, turning the corner. My room was near the end of the next hall, as far from my parents as possible.

I had just rummaged through my homework, looking for the book that was assigned for English. Once I found it, I leaned against my pillow, ready to get to work, when I heard a voice.
“Hi.” 
I jumped, throwing the book in the air. It landed on the wood floor with a thud. I looked over in the direction of the voice and saw Nate in my room, leaning against the closed patio doors.
“Holy crap, you scared me,” I said with my hand resting on my chest, feeling my heart pumping. 
He chuckled, pushed off of the door, and stepped up to the bed. His shoulders were wet from the rain, and his damp hair glistened from the glow of my lamp. “I’m sorry, I let myself in. I guess I should have knocked. I was hoping we could talk.” He sat down on the edge of the bed, lifting my legs and placing them on his lap.
“Talk about what?”
He smiled, leaning back against his elbows on the bed. “Oh, you know the weather, our homework. Or the mind-blowing kiss you just planted on me.” His bright blue eyes twinkled in the low lamp light.
I grinned, happy to see that he was in a good mood. I had been afraid he would push me away again. “The weather lately has been beautiful, well, besides today.”
He grabbed a pillow and tossed it at me, hitting me in the head. The smell of Mona’s favorite floral laundry soap drifted into my nose before the pillow bounced off of me and landed on my lap.
“What do you want from me?” he asked, suddenly serious.
“You.” I lifted my legs off of him so I could lean forward until my face was inches from his. “I want to kiss you again. I want you to kiss me. I want to spend time with you, get to know you. Don’t you want that? Because it sure felt that way. I may have started the kiss, but you finished it.”
His smile returned. “I want everything you just said, and more. I want to lean in and kiss you and never stop. But I’m not sure I can do that. I told you, I’m not good for you.”
I leaned in closer and whispered into his ear. “Let me decide what’s good for me.” I touched his chin and pulled him toward me, then leaned in closer, filling the gap between us, softly touching his lips with mine. He put his left hand in my hair and kissed me back, taking the kiss deeper, twisting and pushing me onto the bed.
He leaned up above me. “You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that,” he whispered.
“Why didn’t you?” I whispered back.
“I’m—” 
I touched his lips with my finger to stop his words. “Don’t say it again. And if we agree to continue this, you have to promise not to back away from me. My heart can’t take it.”
His face grew serious again as he sat up on the bed, leaning against my plush creamy white headboard. He was silent, as if he was waging a war in his mind.
I watched him for a few seconds then took the spot beside him, leaning up on the bed. “Over the last few weeks I thought you liked me. The night you ate dinner here I really thought you were going to kiss me, but you just disappeared and have been distant ever since. I don’t even want to talk about Saturday at the bar. I know you’re trying to be friends, but it’s not the same. If we’re going to do this, we’re really doing this. No backing away. Got it?” I said sternly, pointing a finger at him.
He gazed at me, his expression the same. He must have made a decision, because his eyes lightened and his lips turned up at the edges. He laughed, wrapping his hand around my finger. “Got it. I’m in. I won’t back away.” He pulled me to him by the finger he was holding until I was so close I could feel his hot breath on my face. He kissed me; the sweet taste of him filled my mouth. His strong hands guided me down again. Leaning over me, he pulled back to gently kiss my neck, my jaw, my collarbone. We continued to kiss and explore each other until I was out of breath. Then we lay with his arms wrapped around me, my head resting on his chest.
“Tell me about yourself. I don’t know anything. You’re very mysterious.”
I felt him tense under me, but he said, “Ask me anything you want.”
“Where do you live?”
“Over on Cedar Crest. I have a small house near the Rileys’ estate. I rent it from them.”
“Is that why you were there last Saturday?”
“Yes.”
“How do you know them?” I asked, listening to the sound of his heart.
“I used to volunteer with my father at the shelter in Philadelphia. My dad ran Riley House and showed me how to do it. He was close to the Rileys.”
“Does your family live here too?”
“No. They all died in a car accident when I was fourteen. I lived with my uncle until I moved here but the courts let me live on my own as long as he checks in with me. I had the insurance money from the accident and I live off that. And also, the Rileys pay me some for running the charity. The cottage is part of that.”
Was it just me or did that whole speech sound rehearsed?
“So did you have any brothers or sisters? Or is that too painful to talk about?”
“No, it’s all right. I had two sisters and a brother, all younger.”
“I’m so sorry. Were you close to your family?” I leaned up and touched his face, brushing my fingers against his soft skin. His scent of pine and leather soothed me.
“Oh yes, we were very close. My younger sisters were a pain sometimes, always following me around. But I loved them, and my brother was great. I miss them terribly.” I saw the pain in his eyes and regretted bringing it up.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“No, its fine. I just wish that they had met you. My mother would have loved you.”
“I’m jealous. At least the time you had was with a family you spent time with and cared for.”
“You don’t have that.” It wasn’t a question, and was said with sympathy.
“No, I don’t. I don’t even try anymore. Mona is my mother. She cares for me and spends time with me. She and Ben taught me how to ride a bike, to tie my shoes. My parents are like roommates I never see, only coming out sometimes to annoy me.”
He kissed the top of my head. “I’m so sorry. It must have been a very lonely way to grow up.”
I sighed. “It was. But let’s not talk about depressing things. Why don’t you kiss me again?”
“If you insist.” He kissed me softly, slowly, dragging out each touch of our lips and the gentle brush of his tongue. I sighed with pure contentment. It made me forget my depressing family.
The door opened. “What’s going on in here?” boomed my father, staring at Nate.
We jumped up, both of us standing beside my bed. “Dad! What are you doing in here?”
“I need to talk to you. Who is this?” he asked, pointing to Nate.
“This is Nate. He goes to Everest.”
Nate stepped up to him, holding his hand out to my father. “Nate Green, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Banks.” My father took his hand and shook it, shooting a confused glance in my direction.
“Megan, I need to speak to you. Meet me in my office.” With that he was gone.
I watched my father rush out of the room, then turned to Nate. “I’m sorry, I won’t be long. Do you want to wait? You can watch TV. The remote is right there.” I pointed to my dresser.
“Sure, I’ll be here when you get back, and we can continue where we left off.” He kissed me quickly before I walked out, and I left feeling as if I was heading to the principal’s office.



Chapter Thirteen
Problem Solved

“What do you want?” I said, entering my father’s perfectly organized office and sprawling out on his uncomfortable office chair that sat in front of his large mahogany desk. I glanced around at the crisp formal walls, naked of any kind of personal knickknack or family photo. As I waited for him to answer, I tried to ignore the ache in my chest that formed every time I walked in here. I should know by now that he didn’t care enough about his daughter to display even one photo or memento of my childhood.
“Are you dating him?” he asked, narrowing his dark brown eyes.
“Well, we just got together tonight, but I guess so. Why?” I was uncomfortable with discussing my personal life with my very distant father. I looked up at his perfectly styled dark brown hair, trying to find a stray piece, but no, not a strand out of place. If my mother was Barbie then my father was definitely Ken.
“Is that the boy who insulted your mother a few weeks ago?”
I took a deep breath, already exhausted by the conversation, and it had barely begun. “He didn’t insult her, he defended me. What do you want?” I repeated my earlier question.
He sighed as he usually did when he spoke to his misbehaving daughter. “James tells me that the police have been sniffing around trying to pin the fire on Mandy, Jenny, Shane, Brandon, and Chris. Is that right?” He placed his hands on his desk in front of him.
“I guess so. I’m doing community service because I wouldn’t tell them what really happened, so I’m sure they’re trying to find out another way.”
“This is not good, Megan. They can’t be sniffing around the firm right now. We are in the process of merging with Montech. How would that look if it got out that you and your friends were involved in a fire?”
“It’s not my fault. I lied to protect them and they didn’t deserve it. I got arrested, even though I was the only one who tried to help that family. Now all you care about is how it looks to your company?”
“If this situation ruins the merger, there will be hell to pay.” He slammed his fist onto the desk. His stockpile of pens shook in their container.
“What do you want me to do about it?” I yelled, sitting up in my chair.
“Make this go away. I don’t want their parents calling me anymore. I want this to end.”
My chest ached even more with the realization that his work and reputation meant more to him than I did. “Do you even care that those sweet boys threatened me, slashed my tires, and tried to run me off the road because they’re afraid I’ll tell the police what they did?”
“Of course I care, but don’t you realize what this publicity could do to their families?”
“What about the family that lost their home? Don’t they matter?”
“Don’t be so melodramatic. They have insurance.” He shook his head at me, and his cool brown eyes narrowed.
I stood up and stared at him coldly. “That’s your answer? They have insurance? Who the hell are you?” I stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind me, almost colliding with Nate.
“Are you okay? I thought you could use some support,” he asked, wrapping his arms around me.
“I need to get out of here. Take me somewhere,” I mumbled into his shoulder, my face pressed against his hard, muscular chest. I was instantly comforted by his embrace.
He smiled, took my hand, and led me to his car.

We drove down to the lake and sat on the beach. Since the evening breeze was cool, I was wearing my favorite hoodie. The air smelled fresh, like lake water. “I love sitting under the stars at night, it’s one of my favorite things to do.” I leaned back, staring up into the sky, digging my bare feet into the soft warm sand. I heard him chuckle knowingly. “What?” I asked, turning to face him.
The wind blew his hair in his eyes, but it didn’t seem to bother him. “Nothing, I just know what you mean. It’s beautiful by the water at night. I love waking up looking out my window, watching the waves come in.”
“What do you mean?”
He turned his head and pointed.
Following his gaze, I gasped. There was a cute little cottage nestled on the beach. I hadn’t even noticed it when we arrived. “You live here?”
“Yes I do.”
It was a log cabin with a large bay window and wraparound deck. I stood up, slipping on my flip-flops that I had discarded earlier, and made my way to the porch. Before I took the first step up, I glanced at him to make sure I could continue.
After he nodded, I climbed the rest of the way, and opened the door to a cozy living room with a cathedral ceiling that was framed with large faded wooden beams. The kitchen, dining, and living room took up one open-concept area. The living room furniture was all placed around the window overlooking the lake. The kitchen was at the back, with white cupboards and a large marble island separating the rooms. To the left was an old mahogany dining set that looked like an antique.
Off to the right of the sofa was a beautiful marble fireplace with a flat-screen TV above it. I was amazed that this was the home of an eighteen-year-old. “This is great. I can’t believe you live here by yourself.”
“It was furnished when I moved in.”
“It’s so comfortable here.” I fell onto the plush leather sofa, lifting my feet and placing them on the coffee table. The moon reflecting on the water caught my eye through the window. The glittering ripples of the silver-stroked waves were breathtaking. “Oh look, it’s a half moon.” I pointed out the window as he sat down beside me.
“It’s called a waning crescent moon.”
I raised a brow at him, wondering what he was talking about. “What is?”
He nodded outside. “The moon. It was full two weeks ago. That’s what this phase is called. By this time next week it’ll be fully covered, and that’s called the new moon.”
I stared at him. “How do you know so much about the moon?”
“I’m a bit of an astrology buff. Like you, I love staring up at the sky at night.”
I gazed back out the window, watching the waves crash against a small wooden dock. “So did you hear everything my father said?” I asked, changing the subject. I had been worried about this the whole way over here. He was quiet during the ride and I was too mortified to say anything.
“Yes.”
“I’m so embarrassed. I can’t believe they’re my parents. We are nothing alike. I don’t feel like I belong anywhere in my life anymore. I’m not involved with my family.” I sat up, turning to face him. “You know, tonight was the first night my father has spoken to me since the fire. I no longer have Mandy and the rest of them. It doesn’t matter, though; I didn’t feel like I belonged with them anyway. Thank God for Lauren and the girls.”
“You belong right here,” he said softly, pushing my head down onto his shoulder. I couldn’t help but feel butterflies dancing in my stomach. His shoulder was warm; the T-shirt he wore was soft and smelled of the outdoors in springtime.
“Was my dad right about the insurance? Is everything covered? Do you know?”
“Ah… the insurance company has paid them, and they’ve started renovating. I’m just not sure about the rest. You know, furniture and clothes. They have nothing. We’ve been giving them some money out of petty cash, but we need to raise more. It could be months before the house is rebuilt, but they may not have anything to put in it.”
“Ugh… God, life sucks.”
“Sometimes it does, yes.” His voice vibrated against my hair; it was deep and soothing.
I lifted my head from his shoulder, looking up at his vibrant blue eyes. “What am I going to do?”
His eyebrows creased. “Well, at first I was sure you should tell the police what really happened. But now I don’t know.” I felt him gently rub the back of my neck in slow soft circles, his fingers leaving tingles along my skin.
Maybe it was his touch that inspired me, because an idea suddenly formed in my mind. “What if there was a way to make them admit what they did, and get good publicity?”
“How?”
I smiled, took out my phone, and dialed. “Hello, Mandy. I need to talk to you.”

When I hung up the phone, Nate was gaping at me with wide eyes. “Wow, you’re good. Do you think they’ll do it?”
“I hope so. Mandy told me she’d let me know. But if this works, everyone wins.” Tossing my phone onto the table, I leaned back against him. Now that I had finally found a solution to my problem, I felt a weight lift from my shoulders, making me feel giddy. With this feeling flowing through my body, I took his hand in mine. “Where’s your Band-aid?” His skin was smooth, and bare.
“What Band-aid?” he asked absently, leaning against me.
“The one you went to put on after you cut your hand. I don’t even see a cut.”
He pulled his hand out of mine, sitting up suddenly, knocking my chin with his shoulder. “Oh, it turned out to be very small. No big deal.”
I rubbed my face where he accidentally nudged me. “There was a lot of blood on the towel.”
“No, it’s fine.” He stood up and stepped away from me. “How about I take you home? It’s getting late.” His lips pressed together tightly, his jaw locked.
That was weird. We seemed to be enjoying the evening, quietly watching the night sky from his picture window. But now he was obviously trying to get rid of me.
“Oh… okay,” I stuttered, the atmosphere suddenly felt tense. Hoping to lighten the mood, I said, “Next time I come over, I want to go swimming.”
He smirked at me, his face relaxing. “Wouldn’t your pool be warmer? Its still spring, the water will be freezing.”
“Yes, but we’re alone here. At my house there’s always the chance that my annoying parents will interrupt us like my father did tonight.”
“Let’s wait a month and then we’ll both go swimming,” he said with a grin, his eyes bright.
I stood up and leaned into him for a kiss. “All right, take me home.”
He took my hand and led me out of the cottage and down the beach to his car.

The next day, after a long conversation with the football bullies and their families, we were all gathered at the Riley House’s dining room, the biggest room in the building. Chairs lined the shiny hardwood floor in two sections and a makeshift podium had been set up in front. Reporters were all seated, waiting patiently for the promised announcement. All the families involved were seated behind my father while the employees of the shelter stood beside us against the wall.
I was sitting next to my mother. My Dior suit almost matched hers, the only difference being color and a slight change in the lapels—otherwise we looked like twins. She was in her glory over this. She got to dress both me and my father and was now being photographed beside her perfectly styled daughter.
I usually steered clear of any work-related event where she paraded me around like a dog at a show, but today was different. I was getting what I wanted, so I grinned for the cameras, knowing that as soon as this was over I could rip off the clothes and go back to ignoring her.
But for now, I sat listening to the loud buzz of voices as everyone talked at the same time.
Since my Dad loved attention, he was the one to make the announcement. He made his way to the podium with long strides, standing in front of it with his head held high. He was wearing a charcoal pin-striped Armani suit that was hand picked by my mother. His expression was one of authority and concern. A perfect mix for today’s agenda, but I wasn’t surprised. My father was a great lawyer who knew how to play a jury.
“Thank you, everyone, for coming,” he began. Instantly the room became quiet; every face turned to him. “As some of you know, there was an incident with our children a few weeks ago at the school, concerning my daughter and other kids from Banks Industries’ families. We were deeply saddened to hear that a family in our community has lost everything because of the reckless behavior of our children. There is no excuse for what happened and I assure you they have each been dealt with accordingly.”
He paused as a few reporters murmured to each other and began writing notes. I laughed quietly to myself, knowing that no punishment had been handed out to anyone other than me, and that was from the police, not my family. My mother nudged me, having heard my laugh. I looked up, fighting a grin, waiting for my father to continue.
“Now I’d like to call on Shane Whitmore, Chris Hunter, and Brandon Buchman.” He took his seat on the other side of my mother.
The boys walked up, taking turns reading the speech I wrote for them. “A few weeks ago we were in the school football field and set off some fireworks that we thought we could contain within the field. One flew, but didn’t go off. We didn’t realize until later that it landed on Mr. and Mrs. Wilkins’ roof,” Shane read, his voice strong, holding the perfect amount of shame.
He stepped back, making room for Chris, who stepped up to the mic to read his part. “We were afraid to get in trouble and ran off after we called nine-one-one. We realize it was wrong, and would like to apologize to the Wilkins and to our families.”
Chris nodded solemnly and moved aside for Brandon to take his turn. “Our behavior was cowardly and we regret it more than you know. We would never knowingly hurt anyone and we are very sorry that our actions caused others pain.”
Brandon joined the other two, and together they returned to their seats with their heads down, a look of fake remorse shining from each of their faces.
My dad stood up to take the podium again. “Thank you, boys,” he said with a quick glance in the football bullies’ direction. Then he turned back to the reporters and their cameras. “Unfortunately, I hear that the insurance money the Wilkins received will not cover all of their needs. So, on behalf of the families of Banks Industries, I would like to present this check to Mr. and Mrs. Wilkins for twenty-five thousand dollars.” He held up a check and smiled. It almost looked sincere.
The room erupted with applause, and I could see that most of the people thought that my father was one of the most generous men in town. Little did they know that I had to beg him to do this.
My father stood back as Anna and Mike Wilkins stood up from their seats, joining him at the podium to take the check. They posed beside my father for photos.
After they returned to their seats my father once again took the podium. “We also would like to donate a check for twenty-five thousand dollars to Riley House, so they can continue their excellent work in helping other families like the Wilkins.”
He handed the check to a man I was told later was Lauren’s father, William Riley. My father, the Wilkins, and Mr. Riley stood for pictures. After a few shots, my father pulled my mother over, which of course was why she was here. My parents loved a photo op. But that was fine; they got what they wanted. The firm looked good and my ex-friends were off the hook and would now hopefully leave me alone. Life was good.



Chapter Fourteen
Star Gazing

Nate closed his desk drawer. “Done,” he finally declared.
Dinner had been finished and cleaned up hours ago. The other volunteers and I cleaned and set up for the next day while Nate did paperwork. I snuck up to the office, hoping he was almost finished. That was forty-five minutes ago.
I lifted my head that had been resting against the chair. I had been fighting sleep for the last ten minutes. “Finally,” I said with a sigh.
He stood up and leaned over me. “Sorry to keep you waiting.” He bent down to touch his lips to mine. I felt his fingers link with mine, and when he pulled away he yanked me up, leading me down the stairs. The house was quiet, with only the faint sounds from a few different TVs and low voices from the game room. We snuck out without disturbing anyone. It was dark, but the fixture above the door provided lots of light to guide us to his car.
“What did you think about Steve, Markus, and Frannie?” Nate asked as he pulled out of the parking lot. He was referring to the volunteers who had been away for a few weeks. They had started today before the press conference.
“Uh… the guys seem all right, but I don’t think Frannie likes me.” Nate frowned as he slowed down to make a turn. “But that’s because she likes you.”
He spun to face me. “No, she doesn’t. Why would she like me? She’s twenty-two. I’m too young for her.”
I grinned at his reaction. If I didn’t know any better, I would think he was terrified at the thought. “I don’t think she cares. When you kissed me while I was doing the dishes she gave me a dirty look. After you left to go upstairs, she spoke to everyone but me.”
“Do you want me to talk to her?” he asked, looking over at me then quickly at the road. He stopped behind a blue car, waiting for a red light.
“God no, that will just make it worse. It’s fine. It’s not like we work alone.”
He grew silent, his expression filled with anxiety. I suppressed a laugh. I had no idea he’d react this way. “So do you want me to take you home?” he said suddenly, after I had turned my head to glance out the window.
“No.”
“Where do you want to go?” He stepped on the gas once the light turned green.
“Surprise me.”
His smile was full of mischief. “Okay.” He made a quick turn at the light, cutting off a man in a grey car; the blast of a horn shot out from behind us. We weaved through side streets, going back the way we came, until he made the turn heading into the marina.
“What are we doing here?” I asked once he pulled into the lot and turned the car off.
“You said to surprise you, so let’s go.” He climbed out and waited until I joined him. Then I followed as he stepped onto a narrow dock that bounced and swayed as our feet touched the wooden planks. Boats of a variety of different sizes lined each side. There was a small aluminum row boat docked beside a large white shiny yacht named Beelzebub.
I followed him down to the end until he stopped along a large red speedboat. “Climb on,” he called, reaching for my hand. I noticed the name Moonlight Mist as I stepped up and over the hull.
“Whose boat is this?”
“The Rileys. They let me use it for working at the charity.”
“Are you sure this is okay? What are we going to do? Just hang out?” I asked, about to sit down on one of the seats, but hesitating, feeling that at any moment Mr. Riley would come and give us trouble.
He noticed my hesitation and laughed. “It’s fine. We’re going for a ride.” He nodded to reassure me. I wasn’t sure if it worked, but I sat down anyway, still unsure if we should be doing this.
He turned the key in the ignition. Water bubbled from behind and the smell of gas drifted out as the motor roared to life.
We started to slowly move backwards. “Are you really sure they won’t mind? I mean you’re only eighteen and they let you use their speedboat?”
He looked at me and paused. “It’s part of the perks of working for them. Now relax and enjoy. Being on the water at night is amazing.” Once we were out of the way of the other boats he pushed down on the throttle and we really took off. The wind whipped my hair, blowing it in my face. I had to hold it back so I could see the lights glowing off the shore as we sped by houses and businesses.
He was right. It was awesome. He spun us around the lake, pointing out his cottage, the Riley estate, and other houses he knew of. Most were members of the board of directors for the charity he helped run.
After driving around for a while he pulled up to Lake Wapoose Park. It was an amusement park that was nestled along the lake, a place where families could enjoy rides and picnics by the beach. It was very popular when I was growing up. Mona had taken me a few times.
He parked at the dock, the sound of the water slapping against the boats echoed around us. He tied us to the hook and we strolled up the hill and into the crowd.
It was busy tonight; the lights, the music, and the people working the games yelling at us to play. It was loud, noisy, and very exciting. I felt like a kid again. The air smelled of popcorn, grease, and the sugary scent of cotton candy.
“Hey, buddy, you want to win a prize for your girl? I bet she likes dolphins,” a guy in a red Wapoose amusement park T-shirt yelled from his booth. He held up a big blue stuffed dolphin.
Nate strolled over and plunked money down onto the counter.
“Nate, don’t. These games are really hard to win.” I stood beside him, touching his arm.
He turned to me, gave me a wink, and threw the ball, knocking the group of five bottles down. That earned him a small stuffed pig. He threw a couple more times, knocking them all down each try. The worker looked shocked as he handed Nate the big dolphin, taking the pathetic-looking pig back.
“Thank you, I’ll sleep with him every night,” I said after he handed me the soft plush toy.
We turned away from the game and started walking, falling in with the crowd. A shrill alarm went off beside me, making me jump. I looked over and saw a little boy had won at the water pistol game. He jumped up and down shouting, “Wahoo!”
I smiled and took Nate’s hand.
We wandered around watching the kids go on rides and play games. I felt at peace here. Nothing complicated at an amusement park; just play and have fun, that’s it. I didn’t have to worry about fires, old friends or snooty, stuck-up parents.
“Are you hungry?” he asked as we came up to a food stand.
“Not really, we just had dinner a few hours ago. But I could eat cotton candy.”
He bought a cheeseburger for himself and a pink cotton candy for me.
As I munched my treat and he gobbled his burger, we strolled down the parkway toward the fishpond. We stopped and watched a little girl in ringlets pull up her magnetic rod, which held a blue plastic fish. Her grin was big, showing dimples and a few missing teeth. After a little boy with a backwards hat took over we headed back into the crowd.
“Do you come here often?” I asked, pulling some cotton candy from the stick and popping it in my mouth, the string of sugar melting instantly onto my tongue.
“No, but I like to take the boat out, and I’ve driven past a few times. The lights are pretty at night.” He leaned in, taking a bite of my cotton candy. “Umm, that’s good. I’ve never tried it before,” he mumbled, his mouth still full.
“Really? Not even when you were a kid?”
He chuckled in a way that made me think I was missing something. “Come on, we’re going on this ride.” He took my hand and pulled me onto the Ferris wheel. I wasn’t really a fan of heights, but I ignored my fear and took my place next to him. When the ride started and we slowly ascended, he took my right hand in his. I used the other to squeeze the dolphin. “You’re afraid of heights aren’t you?”
“A little. How could you tell?”
“I could feel you tense.” He rubbed my hand soothingly with his thumb. “Don’t worry, you won’t fall. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
I stared into his intense blue eyes, and I knew he meant every word. “Nate?”
He had turned away, looking down at the scene on the ground, the people milling about, going on rides and playing games. “Hmm?” he said absently.
“Why did you change your mind? Last week at school you didn’t want anything to do with me. Was it because Eddie was going to fix me up with his friend?”
He gave me a warm smile, his face aglow with affection, but for a split second, his eyes looked tortured. “You heard that, did you? I thought I heard the door open.” He sighed and bowed his head. “I couldn’t be with you, like I said, but I couldn’t see you with anyone else. It would kill me. It was bad enough watching you date guys at school, but to see you every day at Riley House and listen to the two of you talk about you and his friend—I couldn’t do it. So I was selfish. When you kissed me, I realized I couldn’t pull away again.” He leaned in to touch his lips to mine. The movement made the cart sway, and we just happened to be on the top.
I grabbed hold of him, fear gripping me from the inside. “Don’t move!” 
“We won’t fall, I promise.”
I looked down at the ground. God, we’re high. I needed a distraction. “So how long have you felt this way about me?”
“Oh, I don’t think you need to know that.” He grinned slyly.
“Come on, you said you watched me date guys, so that means you liked me before now. And by the way, it wasn’t many.” Since the cart stopped moving, I gently let go of his denim jacket.
“Fine, I’ll tell you.” He sighed heavily. “I wanted to be with you since the first time I saw you.”
I raised my eyebrows in shock, and then a slow smile crept up upon my lips. “Three years ago?” He nodded. “I was leaning over a table in the cafeteria. I felt someone behind me, so I turned around and you just stood there staring at me with your intense blue eyes. I remember thinking that you were the best-looking guy I had every seen. I had the instant urge to run my fingers through your thick wavy hair. When I smiled, you took off. That was when I started liking you and even when I tried to make you jealous by dating two guys in three years, you still never asked me out.”
“You remember that?” he whispered.
I nodded, feeling my cheeks go hot. Opening up to him like that wasn’t planned. I didn’t mean to express those words, they just came out. And now he was gazing at me, and I couldn’t tell what he was thinking. I didn’t move or speak. His gaze was so strong I couldn’t look away. When the ride slowed and we finally hung over the landing, he smiled, taking my hand, and pulled me out of the seat.
“Bumper cars next,” he said, tugging on my arm.
I sat in a red one, while he took a blue one with the number eight on it. The light came on and we took off. The hook above me that controlled my car raced around the metal roof, sending sparks flying.
I was slammed into by strangers a few times before I got to Nate. I hit his car, sending him into a yellow one. His body fell forward by the force of the blow. He wheeled around and smashed into me with a laugh. He bumped me continuously before the ride was over.
“Have you had enough?” he asked, helping me out of my car.
I nodded. “Let’s go.”
We giggled like kids as we ran down to the docks.

Once we were back on the boat, he took off. The cool crisp wind and spray from the water blew through my hair. It felt exhilarating going so fast with nothing but water all around us. I felt like we were flying. He drove until we were in the middle of the lake, and then stopped.
“Come here.” He grabbed my hand, pulling me onto the deck with him.
We lay out onto the white fiberglass, side by side, staring up at the stars, our fingers lightly touching. Billions of shiny specks of light glittered above us, the vast blackness spreading out to infinity; a never-ending darkness. It made me feel awfully small, like a tiny ant looking up at giants walking above me.
I looked for patterns in the stars like I did almost every night when I stargazed at home. The Big Dipper came into view, but I was looking for something that no one else could see, a pattern in the stars that was only meant for me,  secret between me and the dark sky. I was lost in my task when the sound of Nate’s soothing voice brought me back to earth.
“I’m sorry I ignored you all this time. But someday you’ll understand.” His voice was just above a whisper. I had to strain to hear him.
His face was unreadable when I turned to look at him. Instead of asking what he meant, I touched his face with my hand briefly before focusing once again on the sky.
“There’s Orion’s belt,” he said pointing up at the three tiny stars all in a row. “And there, that large scoop. You know what that is, right?”
“Duh…the Big Dipper.”
He chuckled, his hand shooting out to give me a playful slap. “There’s Cassiopeia…uh… oh and there’s Ursa Major.” He stopped talking, turning his head to gaze at me.
With eyes full of longing, he reached out and gently brushed his finger against my cheek, sending shivers all over my skin. His fingers moved down to my chin. Leaning over, he gently brushed his lips against my collar bone, then slowly and very softly, he moved up to my neck, leaving goose bumps along the way. I felt his tongue slip out and gently glide along my skin up to my ear and then finally finding my lips. He kissed me, opening his mouth to take us deeper, and then deeper still. I felt an explosion of need. The need to explore the taste and textures of him, the tingle my lips felt when his moved softly over mine. The burn in the pit of my stomach when his teeth nibbled my lip as he moved back to my jaw, then up to my ear, giving me a chance to breath.
He pulled away, leaning above me, his hands resting on the deck on either side of my head. He gazed down at me with a slight smirk on his face. A giggle slipped out of me as he snuck a quick peck on my forehead before he lay down beside me, his arm wrapped comfortably around my shoulder.
I sighed, never having felt as happy as I was with him. It was funny how things changed so quickly. Just last week I was miserable; now I found myself completely and utterly content. There was nowhere else in this world I would rather be than right here on the deck of the Rileys’ speedboat, in the middle of Lake Wapoose, with Nate.
“It’s so peaceful here.” My voice sounded loud after our long stretch of silence as we gazed out at the lake. The water lapped against the boat, gently rocking us. The only other sound was far off in the distance, the soft buzz of a motor. I looked up to see a man turn off his boat and get a fishing rod out. He sat quietly casting his rod, floating on the water, waiting for a nibble.
“Yes, it is. The Rileys let me take the boat out a lot. I’ve even taken Eddie out a couple times fishing.”
I watched a sea gull swoop down and land on a large boulder sitting in front of a small island. “Is that what you do on your free time, fish?”
“Among other things.” He chuckled softly. “I like to read and take walks in the woods on the Riley estate.”
“Why don’t you ever talk to anyone at school?” It was a question I’d wanted to ask since the night of the fire.
“I guess I just haven’t found anyone interesting to talk to.” He smiled, his eyes glowing in the low light. “Until now.”
His words made my stomach tighten. “You know that you’re kind of a mystery at school, and now that I’ve been seen with you, everyone asks me what you’re really like.”
A slight smile crossed his face. “I know. I’ve heard the whispers. They’d be very disappointed if they really knew me. There’s not much to wonder about. I’m just an average guy.”
I grinned at him. “I don’t know about that.”
He sat up. “What do you mean?”
“Just that you’re kind, giving, and you really care about the people that walk through the doors of the shelter. I don’t know anyone like you.” He blushed slightly at my compliments. “And you’re also kind of sexy.”
He laughed, surprised at my last compliment. He took my hand and pulled me up to a sitting position and then softly kissed my cheek. He drew back and moved over to my other one, touching my skin so softly with his lips. He hovered for a few beats, his hot breath tickling my face. “You’re not so bad yourself,” he whispered before touching his lips to mine.
A squeal erupted, startling us. We jumped apart as a group of people darted by in another speedboat, shooting through the water like a bullet. Within minutes they disappeared around a small island, leaving only their waves crashing against us.
As our boat rocked up and down over the other boats waves, Nate sighed and took my hand, gently kissing each knuckle. “We should get going, it’s getting late.” He stood up and started the boat.



Chapter Fifteen
Charlie

He didn’t take us back to the marina. Instead, he pulled the boat up to the small dock near his home.
“Do you want to watch a movie?” he asked, tying the boat to the dock.
“Sure.” I hopped off the tiny wooden dock. It bounced, slapping against the water. I made it to the door first and tried the knob; it wasn’t locked. Somehow I knew it wouldn’t be. No one even knew this cottage was here, so he probably wasn’t worried about burglars. The drive wasn’t visible from the main road. You had to go through the Rileys’ driveway, and then about twenty feet to the right was a gravel road that took you to his cottage.
I was lying back on the sofa when he came in. “You look comfortable. Would you like a soda?” When I nodded, he brought two over. He put a movie that I had never seen before into the DVD player, and we snuggled up onto the couch to watch.
When the movie was over it was late. He made no move to take me home. I could tell he was reluctant to be away from me. I hoped so, anyway, because that was how I felt. I never wanted to leave his side.
After he turned the movie off, he grew quiet.
“Um…do you want to take me home? Or do you want me to stay?” I asked quietly, the fear of his rejection still somewhere inside me.
He grinned. “Do you want to stay?”
“I do.”
“It’s settled then. I really didn’t want to be without you, but I couldn’t assume you’d want to stay.”
“I’ll just text Mona. My parents won’t even notice.” I took my phone out while he went through a door that must have been his bedroom. I heard shuffling inside. I pictured him shoving clothes into drawers and under the bed.
When I stepped into the room a few minutes later, I watched as he shoved clothes into a dresser. I laughed softly, tempted to look under the bed. The room was about the same size as mine. A four-poster bed sat in the center with a blue blanket and matching pillows.
The beige walls were basically bare except a gigantic photo of an aerial view of a forest on the opposite wall of the bed. When he opened his eyes in the morning that would be the first thing he saw, unless he was lying on his side facing the front of the house, when he’d have a clear view of the lake. There were patio doors that led to the front deck and the lake beyond it. Now I knew what he meant when he said he woke up to the waves crashing against the rocks.
There was a shelf above a dresser with a ton of books; some looked like antiques. But there were no personal pictures of his family on the shelves. I didn’t see any in the room. Maybe the reminder was too painful for him.
“Do you have a big T-shirt I could wear?”
He turned around, took a shirt out of the third drawer, and tossed it to me. “There’s a bathroom right there you can change in.” He pointed to a door directly across from the bed.
When I came out dressed in his shirt, the light was off, but I could see from the moonlight shining in through the window that he was lying under the covers, arms up above his head. His chest was bare, exposing his smooth, sculpted, upper body. I climbed in on the side by the patio doors. He snuggled up behind me draping his arm around my waist. “Good night, Megan,” he said, his voice sleepy and content.
“Goodnight.” At first I was nervous to be in bed with his body so close to mine, but after I lay on my side with his arm around me for a while, I could feel his warmth seep into me. I wanted to sleep like this every night.

I was a little disoriented when I woke the next morning. I could hear a swooshing noise and the whirring sound of the wind blowing. Not exactly sure where I was, I opened my eyes and looked out the open patio door. The waves crashed against the rocks and the wind blew wildly through the maple and oak trees that grew along the beach. Nate was right. It wasn’t a bad way to wake up.
I heard snoring behind me. I turned over and jumped, startled to see the large blue dolphin lying between Nate and me. He must have placed it there in the middle of the night. I laughed softly as I grabbed it, tossing it to the floor, and watched Nate as he noisily breathed in and out. He was so gorgeous. I took the time to study his face. His skin was flawless, except for a tiny scar that was visible only up close, right above his left eyebrow. Blond stubble was just peeking through his skin along his jaw. And his breath smelled oddly of toothpaste instead of morning breath.
His eyes moved under his eyelids. I backed away, not sure if he would want to wake up to see me hovering and scrutinizing him so closely. But they stayed closed; he must have been dreaming. He looked so peaceful that I decided to let him sleep. When I climbed out of bed, I stepped on the stuffed toy. I smiled as an idea formed; he could use some company. I placed the dolphin under the covers beside Nate and snuck out, tiptoeing into the kitchen.
I really hoped he had something in his fridge that would kill my morning breath. I must remember to pack a toothbrush in my bag, just in case. The fridge was loaded with food. I took out orange juice and guzzled it right from the jug. No one was around to see; what was the harm? Behind the milk and butter I noticed bacon and eggs. I pulled them out with the thought of surprising him with breakfast in bed.
Although I really wasn’t sure what to do, I had watched Mona many times. There were a variety of pots and pans hanging from a rack above the island. Not knowing which was best, I pulled down a medium-sized black one. Then I had to choose which temperature to turn the burner on once I placed the pan on top of the stove. Again, I guessed, medium. It was a safe temperature, not too cold or too hot. As soon as I was able to find the scissors and open the package, I set the bacon in the now hot pan; it sizzled and popped. While I waited for it to cook, I thought I might take a look around.
I wandered over to the window to watch the birds dive into the water.
I was standing beside the fireplace when I noticed a line in the dust, as if a picture had been there. I looked around and saw a few more of those spots.
I opened a drawer of an end table, and saw a pile of framed pictures. Why would he put all his pictures away? I just looked at the top one, not feeling comfortable going through his things. The picture was an old black-and-white photo of a girl, maybe sixteen, another girl about nine, and a two-year-old boy. They were standing in front of a white colonial-style house that looked a bit like the Rileys’, but a lot smaller. They were dressed in clothes from another generation. The picture was so cool. It must have come with the house. The smell of bacon reminded me that I was cooking breakfast.
I shut the drawer and rushed over to flip the bacon before it burned. I cooked the whole package, knowing Nate’s appetite. When it was done, I made a bunch of scrambled eggs. On my first try that was the best I could do.
I took out a tray I found in a cupboard above the dishwasher and loaded it with a plate of food and a mug of coffee that I had also made. Nate was just waking up as I walked into his room with the food. “You made breakfast?” He sat up and leaned against the headboard, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
“Don’t get too excited. The bacon is crispy in some places, raw in others. And the toast is a little burnt, but the eggs are fine. I hope you like scrambled.” I placed the tray on his lap.
He just stared at me in awe. “Thank you so much. I can’t believe you did this.”
“Well, you looked so peaceful. I don’t know how, though, you snore really loud.”
He smiled sheepishly. “I’ll have to get you ear plugs for the next time you stay.”
“There’s going to be a next time?” I asked, taking a bite of the bacon I stole from his plate.
“I hope so. I love having you here.”
“Me too.”
He took a bite of his eggs while I went back in the kitchen for mine.
I was heading back when he blocked me, coming out of the bedroom. “Let’s eat out on the deck.”
I followed him outside and sat down at the patio table. I munched on my food while I watched the water. I had to admit my cooking wasn’t as bad as I thought. Although it might have had something to do with the atmosphere; anything would taste good sitting outside in paradise, alone with the mysterious hottie.
It was a little brisk sitting next to the lake. The wind that was coming off of the water was chilly, and I was still only wearing Nate’s T-shirt. My legs were covered in goose bumps.
“Are you coming to Riley House with me today?”
“Yep. I have hours to fill.”
“You know the judge dropped all the charges and wiped your record when the guys confessed. That means you don’t have to fill the hours.”
I nodded, swallowing the eggs in my mouth. “I know, but I want to help whenever I can. I might not be there as much as you, but maybe weekends and a couple of nights?”
He smiled. “Sounds good.” He took a bite of his toast. “I might cut back my hours if I can, so we can spend time alone together. Maybe I could take you out to dinner sometime?”
“I like the sound of that.”
When I finished eating, I decided to change. The oversized T-shirt he gave me fell just a little below my bum. Feeling self-conscious, I held the bottom of the shirt as I walked into the house. I heard a soft chuckle behind me.
I changed back into my clothes in the bathroom and brushed my hair. I’d have to make him take me home so I could shower, change, and put some makeup on. And a toothbrush would be nice.
He came up behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist, while I was trying to brush my teeth with my finger. “I do have extra toothbrushes, if you’d like.” His voice was soft in my ear. His breath gave me goose bumps.
I spun around. “Now you tell me. Where are they?” I opened the medicine cabinet but didn’t see what I was looking for. He pointed to a drawer under the sink. I reached in and found one in the back.

After we finished getting ready we hopped back on the boat. Driving in the daylight was completely different. Everything was bright and shiny. The sun glimmered off of the water, creating a glare. I dug inside my bag for my sunglasses, which also helped block the water from spraying in my eyes. When we made it to the marina, we hopped into Nate’s car before heading to my house.
I left him in the car in my driveway while I had a shower and changed.
As I was putting makeup on in my en suite bathroom, Mona came in with a smirk on her face.
“Nothing happened,” I mumbled, not looking away from the mirror.
“Oh really, you just got in, and nothing happened?” She wiggled her eyebrows, suggesting that I was holding something back. 
“No, don’t worry. You can trust me. Did my parents even notice?”
Her smile disappeared as she looked down at her feet, avoiding my eyes. It was always hard for her when my parents neglected me. “I didn’t see them. They got home late, and they haven’t woken up yet.”
“Oh well, I probably won’t be home tonight either.” I zipped up my makeup bag and tossed it onto the pile of clothes I had gathered to take to Nate’s. After I had everything I wanted, I shoved it into my overnight bag, gave Mona a quick kiss on the cheek, and headed out to meet Nate in the car. 

“I don’t want anyone at school to know we’re together.” Nate’s voice was a whisper; and it was filled with remorse. We were lying in bed that night, after we left the shelter. We had come back to his house and watched another movie, which I got to pick this time. He fell asleep halfway through and I dragged him to bed. I had thought he was sleeping, but apparently not.
I flipped onto my back, staring up at the ceiling, tired of this argument. I thought we were done with this after I kissed him. “Why?” I asked with a sigh.
“I can’t tell you. Can you just trust me?”
My brain screamed for me to say yes, of course I trust you but my stubbornness refused to do it. “After everything we’ve been through to get together, you’re still going to pull away, aren’t you?” My words were dry. The fear of rejection was there, but I held it back.
He tightened his arm, which was resting on my stomach, around me. “No, of course not. I couldn’t pull away from you even if I wanted to, not after this wonderful weekend. But I just need you to trust me. It’s bad enough we’re seen around town the odd time, but in a school filled with hundreds of teen gossips...I would just rather they didn’t know.”
I sighed again. Making the right decisions was hard when I didn’t know all the facts. We only had a few weeks of school left anyway, so what did it matter? I couldn’t help but feel that he was ashamed of me, and didn’t want me to be seen with him. But I quickly dismissed the thought. At the shelter he was very open with our relationship. He touched or kissed me every time I walked by him. And it was the shelter where he was the most happy. No, I just had to trust him like he said.
“Fine, I won’t say anything, and I’ll eat with Lauren at lunch, but only if you promise that you’ll eventually tell me why.”
He leaned up above me and smiled, his bright blue eyes almost black in the moonlight. “I promise.”

One Wednesday night, two weeks later, I was lying on my lounge chair out on the patio eating grapes and listening to my iPod with my eyes closed. Nate had dropped me off, saying that he had some things to take care off, but when I asked what they were, he mumbled something unintelligible and drove off. This seemed really strange, especially since between after school and the shelter, we’d been together every day since I kissed him two weeks ago. But tonight he blew me off without an explanation.
Now, alone on the patio, a feeling of being watched crept over me, making the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. I opened my eyes and saw the yellow eyes in the bushes again. The wolf was back, and this time I was sure it was there. It sat in front of the bush and just stared, making no move to hurt me.
Although the fear was still there, it wasn’t as strong as the last time. I wasn’t paralyzed with it. “Ah…hi. Where did you come from?” My voice was barely audible, afraid to scare it into attacking. Of course there was no answer. The thought of a wolf sitting ten feet away from me, while I talked to it, just made me think I was going crazy. “Are you hungry? Is that why you’re here? Sorry, all I have are grapes.” I threw one at him; it fell into his open mouth. He looked at me and I swear he smiled. “I’m going to go inside now, because I think I’m losing my mind.”
I started getting up very slowly, making no sudden movements. “Bye now. I need to go before you start talking back to me. Then I’ll know I’m crazy.”
That night I dreamed I was talking to my old dog Charlie. He was a large Golden Labrador Retriever, who died four years ago. In the dream I was lying on my bed while he was sprawled out beside me, taking up the entire length of my queen-size bed. My head nestled beside his as I rubbed his blond fur, his leg shaking with each stroke of my hand. I could feel his hot breath on my hair as he panted, and a bit of drool fell out of his mouth.
But the problem wasn’t that he was supposed to be dead, even though he lay beside me while I told him all about my troubles. The problem was that he was talking back.



Chapter Sixteen
The Orchid
I concentrated hard on the empty salt shaker that sat in front of me on the table. It was ridiculous to put so much effort into such a mundane chore, but I wanted to prove to Nate that I wasn’t that stuck-up girl who didn’t know anything about household tasks. My hand was steady as the salt flowed into the shaker; not one morsel strayed from the stream I poured.
The sound of voices disturbed me and my hand shook slightly, dividing the stream in two, half in the shaker and half on the table. Darn it, I couldn’t even pour salt properly. Who was I kidding? I wasn’t the Suzy Homemaker I was pretending to be, but I wasn’t a rich snob who frowned at people who were either. I didn’t know who I was.
“I told you, I can’t. I have to wait for a delivery. You do it.”
Nate and Julia were standing a few tables away from me, arguing. I had been filling salt and pepper shakers in the dining room before they rudely interrupted me.
“Julia, I told you. I have to make lunch and train a new volunteer. I can’t get groceries now.”
“Well, we need food for dinner, unless you plan to serve everyone franks and beans out of a can.”
Nate was about to say something else, but I stood up and walked toward them. “I’ll go, what do you need?”
They both stopped talking and stared at me in surprise. “Um…no, that’s okay, I can go,” Nate said. “It will just have to wait until everything settles down after lunch, but you can come with me.”
Could he be any more condescending? All that was missing was the pat on the head. It was obvious that he didn’t think I could handle a simple task like shopping. I wasn’t sure I could either, but he didn’t have to know that. I narrowed my eyes at him. “Oh, stop, I have been very helpful here. You can’t call me a princess that doesn’t know how to do anything. Not anymore.” I leaned back against the table and folded my arms in front of me. “Who makes you breakfast in the morning, huh?”
Nate blushed and Julia grinned. “Oh, let her go. What’s the worst she can do?” Julia said, handing me the list and the credit card.
“Fine, but if you need me, I’m just a phone call away.” He leaned down to give me a kiss.
“Oh my God, Nate, have a little faith. It’s just shopping.” I slapped him gently on the shoulder.
“You never know, anything could happen.”
I rolled my eyes and held my hand out in front of him.
“What?” His face was filled with confusion.
“Car keys. I drove with you.”
His face took on a look of horror, and he made no move for the keys.
I narrowed my eyes again, adding a scowl. “Nate. Give. Me. The. Car. Keys.” I emphasized each word.
When he continued to stand motionless with fear in his eyes, Julia raised her arms and said, “You’re on your own with this one.” I heard her laughing softly as she headed back to her desk.
I tapped my foot, still holding my hand out. I wasn’t going to give up.
He sighed, rolling his eyes as he reached into his pockets. “Fine, but don’t scratch it.” He pulled the keys out and dropped them into the palm of my hand. They jingled as they fell.
I closed my fist and smiled. “We’ll see.” I strolled out of the dining room, leaving him frozen where he stood.

The closest grocery store was only a few blocks away, and the lot was pretty busy when I pulled in. The amount of cars made me a bit nervous. I had never done this before and a crowded store might make me more confused than I knew I would be. But how hard could it be? Put food in cart, pay at checkout. There couldn’t be more to it than that.
As I entered the building, I was a little worried. There were so many choices and lots of people pushing carts. The smells of baked goods and deli meats floated all around, reminding me I hadn’t eaten yet. 
I pulled out a cart and began to wander aimlessly through the store, listening to the boring classical music playing over the speakers. At first, I was overwhelmed by all the boxes, cans, and bags. Who knew there were so many ways to package food?
I finally decided to focus, taking out the list and studying it. The first item was flour. My instinct was to panic. How was I supposed to find flour in this huge store, among so many items? Instead, I took a deep breath, glanced around, and found signs above the aisles that listed the food stacked on the shelves.
I was almost finished when I got to the produce section. The list said four turnips and I didn’t see a sign for turnips. Sure, I’d eaten them, but I didn’t know what one looked like on the outside.
I paced back and forth, reading every name of vegetable with no luck. It wasn’t there. I was about to give up when a man approached me. “Do you need some help? You seem a little lost.” He looked about twenty, not much taller than me, with a stocky build. He was wearing a black leather jacket, which was odd, considering it was the end of May and it was warm outside.
“Yes I do, but I’m embarrassed to ask. You’re going to think I’m stupid, but I’m not used to shopping and it says on the list turnips, but I don’t see a sign.”
He laughed. “You’re not stupid. A lot of grocery stores don’t carry them, but you can just get one of these, they taste the same.” He pointed to a sign that said rutabagas.
I picked up a round waxy, purpley-brown vegetable. “This?”
He nodded with a smile, walking away with his empty cart, heading toward the wine section. I waved as my face heated, probably turning as bright red as the tomatoes in my cart.
There were only a few more minor dilemmas. Did they want light salad dressing or regular? And what kind of laundry soap did they prefer? I finally decided not to stress over what brands to get; it was just shopping. It wasn’t like they were asking me to do brain surgery. What did it matter if I picked up a different kind of rice than they usually used? It was rice, who cared? If it wasn’t what they wanted they could come back themselves.
Except I really wanted to get everything right. If not to impress Nate, then to make him eat his words.
I stood in line at the checkout, browsing through the magazines while the cashier rang up my order. Just as they finished up, I noticed a shocking headline on one of the papers. Two people were killed by animal attacks. What a horrible way to die, I thought, just as the cashier informed me of the total.
I paid with the credit card, and after she bagged everything up, I was on my way. I smiled as I exited the store, feeling proud of myself for coming away without any problems.
I decided I needed to reward myself with a soda. When I spotted a drink machine, I plunked change into the slot; my diet soda fell down with a thump. I stuck it in my purse for the drive home.
Pushing the heavy cart was a little hard, and one of the wheels got stuck in a pothole and I couldn’t get it out. “Son of—” 
“Do you need help?” the man in the leather jacket asked, appearing next to me, placing his hands on the handle of the cart.
“Oh, not you again. You’re going to think I’m useless.” A burst of wind blew my hair in my face. I pushed it back as I heard him laugh.
“I don’t think that.” He lifted the corner of the cart where the wheel was jammed, pushing it back onto smooth ground.
“Well, my boyfriend does, and I was trying to prove him wrong.”
“I’m sure he doesn’t think that.” His smile faded a little.
“He does, but that’s fine. Thanks again…I’m sorry, I didn’t catch your name.”
“Conner,” he said, extending his hand.
“I’m Megan.” After we shook hands, I started to push the cart towards Nate’s car.
“Do you want help loading your groceries?” he asked, following behind me carrying one lonely plastic bag.
“Oh, no, thank you, you’ve done enough.”
“I don’t mind, really.” Once I unlocked the trunk, he lifted a few bags and loaded them inside. After he dropped in the last bag, I shut the trunk door with a thud.
“Thanks again. And it was nice to meet you.” I waved at him as I slid into the car.

“Hey, how did it go?” Nate asked, coming out of the back door of the shelter just as I opened the car door and climbed out. “What’s that?” he said, pointing to my soda that sat in the cup holder inside the car.
“It’s a soda, why?”
“Did you spill any?”
I narrowed my eyes. “Are you always so picky about your stupid car?”
He flinched slightly at my choice of words. “I’m sorry. I overreacted. So, how did it go?” he asked again.
“Fine, it’s not that big a deal. Do you have to treat me like an imbecile?” My voice sounded a little cold, but it wasn’t my intention.
“No, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it. I don’t think you’re an imbecile.” He stepped up to me, framing my face with his hands, and gave me a gentle kiss. I forgave him instantly. “Here, let me help you carry these in.”
I opened the trunk, and together we hauled the bags inside.
He dropped his packages onto the counter. As he leaned over me to take the bags out of my hands, his nostrils flared, and he sniffed hard. He spun around, sniffed again. Then shaking his head, he put my bags on the counter.
“What was that? Do I smell?” I lifted my arm and sniffed, but only smelled the floral scent of my perfume, and the laundry soap coming from my black silk blouse.
“No, I just thought I smelled something,” he said with his brow creased.
“So, what are we doing tonight?”
“I thought we could take the boat out again.”
Just the thought of going out on the boat again made me glow with happiness. “Sounds perfect.”

After we finished putting the groceries away, Julia sent us home, saying that Nate deserved some free time. He dropped me off at home, promising to pick me up in an hour. He was finally taking me to dinner.
I pulled my hair up in a twist, applied my makeup, and then slipped on my black-and-white-striped jersey dress with a short-sleeve cut-off jacket. I turned around in front of my full-length mirror and smiled. I looked good enough to be out with the mysteriously hot Nate Green.
“Hey, Meg, I’m glad you’re home. Which one?” Mona asked, holding up two dresses—a red strapless and a boring navy blue one with cap sleeves. Mona was thin and very pretty for her age. Not the shockingly gorgeous pretty like my mom, but understated and classy. Her dark brown hair was always worn back away from her face. She usually dressed in casual dress pants and a blouse. But tonight, apparently, she was going to go wild. Her hair was down in a messy bob, and her makeup looked great. And now she was thinking of ruining the look with the blue dress.
“That depends. What’s the occasion?”
“Ben’s taking me out for our twenty-fifth anniversary.”
“Well, if you’re going to the library, pick the blue. But if you want to knock his socks off, go with the red one.”
“Red it is.” She laughed. “What about you? Are you and Nate going out?”
“Yes, I don’t know where, but since it’s the first time we’re actually going to dinner I wanted to dress up. How do I look?” I held my arms out to pose in front of her.
“I think he better hold on to his socks.” She grinned. “Have a good night, honey,” she called as she rushed out.
“You too!” I yelled, not sure if she heard me. Who knew a woman of her age could move so fast.
When I heard a knock at my patio door, I glanced once more in the mirror to check my hair, making sure no stray hairs were falling out. Once I was satisfied, I rushed over to open the door for a very good-looking guy in a black suit and dark grey dress shirt. The contrast between the tailored black suit and the unruly blond hair was very sexy.
“Wow! You look gorgeous,” he said, gazing at me with dark eyes.
“You don’t look so bad yourself.” I leaned up to give him a kiss and then quickly pulled back. “Let’s go.” I followed him to the driveway. So where are you taking me?” I asked once we were inside his car and cruising down the street.
“The Orchid.”
It was very hard to get into The Orchid since it was the fanciest restaurant in town, located right at the edge of the Marina. The building was mainly windows, so you ate your dinner while watching the yachts out on the lake. At the back of the restaurant was a small patio right above the water.
“How did you get a reservation? Wait, let me guess, the Rileys.” He nodded as he leaned over to put a CD into the car stereo.
“Why are they so nice to you?”
He shrugged. “I guess they like my work, and Lauren’s dad knew my father.”

He pulled into the parking lot up in front of the restaurant where a valet stood waiting. When the car came to a stop, he opened the door for me. Just as I climbed out Nate tossed the keys to the guy and then took my hand.
As we walked into the restaurant, I noticed how beautiful it was. I had been here with my parents many times, but I never really noticed the beauty until tonight. At that thought I panicked, glancing around quickly, hoping I wouldn’t see them. I sighed in relief when no one looked familiar.
“Nathan Green,” Nate offered as we approached the hostess.
“Yes sir, right this way.” She guided us to a table overlooking the fountain out front.
“Perfect, thank you.” Nate pulled my chair out for me.
“Have you been here before?” I asked him as I sat down, placing my small clutch purse on the table beside me.
“Actually, no. I bet you have though.”
“Yes, but I’ve never enjoyed it until tonight.”
We ordered our drinks, taking our time looking over the menu. When the waiter returned I ordered the spinach and goat cheese stuffed chicken while Nate chose the prime rib, medium rare. After our waiter walked away Nate asked me about my trip to the grocery store.
“I had a few problems. But I took care of them.” He didn’t need to know I had help. The article from the checkout popped in my mind “Did you hear about the two people that were killed?” When he shook his head, I continued. “I was waiting in line and I noticed on one of the newspapers that there have been two deaths in Creekford. Animal attacks. Can you imagine?”
His eyes widened, and his face paled. “Where were they found?”
“In the woods over in Baycroft Park.”
Just as he opened his mouth to speak, our waiter came, bringing our meals. The conversation was forgotten as we enjoyed our dinner.



Chapter Seventeen
The Three Lucys

After dinner, instead of leading me to the car, Nate took my hand and together we walked to the Riley boat. I sat in my usual spot as he started it and pulled out onto the lake. He slowed down after a few minutes. “Come here, it’s your turn.”
“What’s my turn?”
“To drive. You can’t expect me to do all the driving, can you?” he said, giving me a lopsided grin.
“I’m not going to drive someone else’s boat.” I was terrified to break something.
He grabbed my hand and pulled me over. “It’s really quite easy. Just steer like you would a car.” He placed my hands on the wheel and after a few minutes, he let go. He was right, it was easy. He told me where to go, and when we came up on the spot where we had parked the last time, just beside a small island, he showed me how to slow down and eventually stop.
We lay down on the deck again, and Nate took me in his arms for a long, amazing kiss. It was intense and full of feeling. He pulled back and stared down at me, his eyes filled with emotion. “Megan,” he whispered.
 “Yes?” I asked, breathless.
“I love you.”
I smiled widely, a warm glow spreading inside me at the words I wanted to hear, but wasn’t sure I ever would. It took such a long time for him to admit he liked me, I wasn’t expecting these words for awhile. I was so glad I didn’t have to wait. I reached up and touched his cheek with my hand; his skin was soft. “I love you too,” I whispered.
He smiled, his eyes shining with happiness. He kissed me again, taking us to new levels. It felt so amazing, kissing and embracing, now that we knew how we felt about each other. It meant so much more.
Eventually, we pulled apart and stared up at the night sky.
“Sit up,” he commanded, tugging me up with him. “I want to give you this.” He pulled a small box out of his jacket pocket. “It’s been in my family for generations. My mother would want you to have it.” He opened the box; a necklace shone from inside. It was a gold chain with a half-moon pendant. It meant so much that he wanted me to have something that had belonged to his family.
“Oh, Nate, I love it, thank you.” He stood up to fasten the clasp around my neck and then wrapped his arms around me. I leaned in for a kiss. “And I love you,” I said when we finally pulled apart.
When he sat down again, he pulled me with him, to lean against the deck’s railing. We sat snuggled up, so close to each other I could feel the heat from his body. “So tell me about your childhood. Were you always so distant with your parents?”
“No.” I shook my head slightly. “They didn’t become consumed with appearances until my dad took over the company from his father and we moved into our house after my grandparents died.”
“You know, I thought I heard Mr. Riley say once that your house belonged to the Stewarts. Did your grandparents buy it from them?”
I stared at him, wondering if he was kidding, before I remembered he wasn’t from here. He had only moved to Creekford three years ago. “No, my grandparents were the Stewarts, my mother’s family. She’s an only child so the house went to her when they died. She has cousins that could have gotten the house, but my grandmother was the oldest within her family so it went to her only child.”
A quick look of terror crossed his face, but he quickly recovered with a slight smile. I frowned. “What?” I asked.
“Nothing. Tell me about your mother’s family. You never mention them.”
“There’s not much to tell since she was an only child. I don’t have any cousins. But my grandparents were the best. You know the type; my nana always made me chocolate chip cookies when I came over, even though they had a cook. And my grandfather always had gum in his pocket and he would sneak me a piece when no one was looking. My mother wouldn’t let me have any.”
“They seem wonderful. When did they die?” He reached over and pulled a brown fleece blanket out of a wooden box that was attached to the railing, unfolding it over our laps.
I lifted the blanket up to my neck, snuggling under it. A cold breeze had suddenly come out of nowhere turning the once warm air chilly. “When I was nine. My granddad died of cancer and my nana went a few months later. My mom said she died of a broken heart. I miss them. They weren’t snooty like my parents are now. But when we moved into the house and my mother started mingling with all the rich women in town, she changed. And when my father’s company took off, she wasn’t even the same person.” 
I paused for a few seconds watching a falling star. “My mother, my nana, and I used to go on treasure walks in the woods behind the house. I’d find pine cones, snails, and flowers and put them into a basket my grandmother carried. They’d ohh and ahh every time I found something. Then I’d get excited to run back and show my granddad. He’d stand in the kitchen door to watch for us and yell, ‘Where are my three Lucys?’”
“What?” he asked, straightening up and staring at me, the look of terror from earlier returned.
“What do you mean what?”
“You said something about his three Lucys.” He paled, and the terrified expression on his face deepened.
“Oh, that’s what he called us when we were together. In my nana’s family the first daughter born of each generation was named after some ancestor that was killed a long time ago.” Nate’s eyes closed, a look of misery flitted over his face. “Are you okay?” I asked, leaning up to him. He had turned away from me, and all I could think to do was rub his back. He was silent for several seconds, and then abruptly stood up, moving over to stand on the other side of the boat.
He stood with his back to me, staring out at the water. “Is something wrong?” He was really starting to worry me.
After a few torturous minutes of strained quiet, he turned around and started the boat. “We should go,” was all he said before he pulled the throttle and took off. I flew back into the cold metal railing as he sped off.
I just sat on the deck, where he had left me staring at him, wondering what I had said to make him act this way. He never once glanced my way, and each time I yelled over the motor to ask what was wrong, he ignored me.
Once he docked at the marina, I followed him as he took long quick strides to his car. It was difficult to keep up with him while I was wearing my three-inch heels.
He opened the door for me, and then silently climbed into the car and drove away.
He was quiet all the way to his home, and distant when we arrived at the cottage. He said he was tired and went to bed early. I lay in the bed right next to him, but he felt miles away.
The next morning, Nate decided to make me breakfast, blueberry waffles. He was still in a mood, although he tried to hide it. He acted normally, kissed me back when I kissed him, even laughed a little. But he was somehow distant. When he smiled it didn’t reach his eyes. And I wasn’t exactly sure, but he seemed to touch me less. If I wasn’t in the room, his face would take on a far-off, distant expression and when I walked in, he’d recover with a slight smile. I was worried, but I didn’t know what to do bring him back, so I tried to act normal. Hopefully he would snap out of his mood soon.
We were sitting in his kitchen listening to the radio as he prepared our waffles. “So, I have something to ask you, and remember, you said you loved me.” At least I hoped he still did.
He set his coffee down on the marble counter top. “I’m afraid to ask. But what is it?”
I took a deep breath. “Okay, so you know that graduation is Saturday, right?” He nodded. “Well, my parents are all about the show. They really care what people think, and they have a need to constantly impress them. They don’t pay attention to me for months, but when I’m graduating they want to have a dinner party. And they want my boyfriend to come.” I paused, waiting for a reply, but when he didn’t speak, I decided there was only one thing to do: beg. “Please. I know it sounds awful, and they will act like we’re all so close, and that they actually know you. But I really could use the moral support.”
He smiled slightly. “Of course I’ll go. Where is it?”
“In our garden, right after graduation. They’re inviting people my father works with too.” I stood up and hugged him tightly to me. I could have sworn he tensed at my touch, but I chose to ignore it. “Thank you so much. I love you even more now.” I gave him a few pecks on the cheek, then sat back down again to finish eating. “What are you doing after graduation?”
“I have a job at Riley’s Department Store. It’s just entry level, probably mail room or stocking shelves.” He looked over at me. “What are your plans? Are you going to college?” His expression was unreadable. Did he want me to be here or go away to school? Just yesterday I was sure of the answer, but ever since he told me he loved me I couldn’t tell.
“I don’t know what I want to be, so I’m taking a year off. I’m thinking of working at the shelter full time, if they’ll let me.”
“I think they would be lucky to have you.”
I took a drink of orange juice just as the news started from the radio. “Another body was found in Baycroft Park. Police believe a wolf was responsible. Animal control is in the woods today in search of the animal,” a male newscaster reported.
“Wow. I can’t believe that. That’s three people in two weeks. Why would an animal do that?” When I looked up at Nate, he was staring at the radio with his jaw locked. For a second, I thought his eyes were yellow. “Your eyes: I swear one just changed color.”
I jumped up, rushing over to investigate, but he pulled away from me, covering his eyes. “No, it’s fine. I’ll go look in the mirror. Can you watch the waffles?” He rushed to his bedroom, the click of the lock echoing into the kitchen.
I really didn’t want to believe that he was acting so strange because he told me he loved me, but what was I supposed to think?
I lifted the last waffles out of the waffle maker and set them on a plate for him.
“I’m sorry about that,” he said as he strolled back out, pulling the silverware drawer out to get a fork.
“Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I think I got something in my eye, and it started to water, you must have seen the light reflect it.”
“Mmm... these are amazing. Did you make these from scratch?”
“Yes, I love to cook. It relaxes me.” He stabbed his fork into his food, shoving it into his mouth. After he finished chewing he said, “I just remembered that I have a ton of paperwork to do for the shelter. How about I drop you off at home, and I’ll call you later.” He took a sip of coffee, his eyes peering at me over the mug.
“I could come with you,” I suggested, hoping that I was imagining that he suddenly wanted to get rid of me.
“No, you need a day to yourself. You’re probably getting sick of me.”
“That will never happen, I love you.” Now I knew he was trying to get rid of me.
“I love you too.” He scarfed his food down and threw our dishes in the sink. I wasn’t even finished eating.
He ushered me into his room so I could get changed and get my stuff. I was probably forgetting something, but I didn’t have time to make sure I had everything, he rushed me out so quickly.
I had been leaving extra clothes and makeup at his house. It was beginning to look like we lived together. I noticed he had the picture Julia took of us last week out on the mantel, one that was taken at the shelter, and a few of my things were placed around the house. He always made me feel welcome, until today. But overnight he became a different person. I just wished I knew how to get the old Nate back, and I hoped desperately that he didn’t regret saying those three words. I know that after we said them I felt closer to him, but obviously, it had an entirely different effect on him.
I really didn’t have anything to do when I arrived home, so I studied for my last two exams. One was tomorrow, and the other Wednesday. All that homework made me hungry. I slammed my book closed when I had absorbed as much about fifteenth-century England as I possibly could and left my room in search of food.
“Mmm, homemade doughnuts, my favorite. What’s the occasion?” I asked Mona, stepping into the kitchen.
“No occasion. With you at Nate’s and your parents gone all the time, I’ve been bored out of my mind.” She plunked some dough into the oil. The hot liquid bubbled and the dough started to darken. “What are you doing home? You’ve been joined to Nate’s hip for a month.”
“He blew me off. He said he had to do paperwork for the shelter, but he was acting really strange.” She raised her eyebrows. I sighed. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“What’s that on your neck?” she said, pointing to the necklace Nate gave me.
“It’s nice, isn’t it? I’m not sure what it means, but it’s a family heirloom. He gave it to me last night, right after he told me he loved me.” I lifted the moon pendant and glanced at it. The feelings from last night when he gave it to me rushed back, but then what happened afterward quickly erased the happiness I felt, leaving only doubt and fear in its place.
“Oh, that’s sweet. Did you say it back?”
“Of course. I also asked him to come to my graduation garden party Mom and Dad are having.” I chose to keep the rest to myself as I sat down on the stool.
“Oh good, you’ll need support for that. Are they allowing you to have one friend?”
“It was their idea for me to ask him. It looks good for him to be there since he helps run a charity.” I rolled my eyes and leaned back in my chair.
“You don’t have to worry about that until Saturday.” She picked a doughnut off the plate lined with paper towel and handed it to me. “Try one, they’re good.”
I took it from her, eager for one of my favorite Mona specialties. I took a bite and wasn’t disappointed; crunchy on the outside and so moist and chocolaty on the inside.
“Oh, they’re so good. I’m taking some with me into my room. I have a feeling I’m going to be bored.” I left her singing along to an oldies station and dropping more dough into the pot.
Back inside my room I decided to clean out my closet. I had given the charity clothes I hated because they were paid for out of guilt, but I hadn’t gone through clothes that didn’t fit me or I no longer wore. It took a lot longer than I thought it would, which was good since I didn’t have anything else to do.
I took a break and ate dinner with Mona and Ben. Once I cleaned my plate, I headed right back to my closet to work, trying to forget that Nate hadn’t called yet like he said he would.
By seven, I had four boxes ready to be taken to the charity.



Chapter Eighteen
Slumber Party
I went out to the patio to enjoy the evening, taking my phone and doughnuts for company.
This time I actually saw the wolf come out of the bushes. He crawled slowly, close to the ground, looking me in the eye the whole time. At first I was afraid. The radio report of the animal attacks was still fresh in my mind, and here was a wolf just a couple feet from me.
But this wolf made slow movements, always watching me as you would a frightened child. He sat at his usual spot in the bushes. Although I had never seen a wolf up close before, this one appeared different than any I’d seen on TV or in pictures. It was very large, for one thing, and the color was tan. I’d never seen many pictures of a tan wolf.
“H…hi again.” For some reason I felt the need to talk. It was either that or go inside. His unrelenting gaze was making me nervous, and I found myself starting to babble. “Look what I have today.” I held up a doughnut and tossed it to him. And just like last time, he caught it in his mouth. “You know, I really think you’re trying to drive me crazy. I’m pretty sure it’s not exactly normal to have a conversation with a wolf. But here you are, and I’m talking to you again. Don’t tell anyone, okay? It’ll be our secret.”
I paused, surprised by the tilt of his head, like he was actually listening to me. “But please don’t talk back, because I don’t think I could handle that.” He didn’t, but I saw that bizarre smile again.
I lay back in the chair, completely comfortable, picturing Charlie on the patio with me and not the wild animal that actually was. “You know, men are jerks sometimes.” I pointed at him with my doughnut. “Take my boyfriend. He tells me that he loves me one minute and then the next he’s blowing me off, acting distant. This morning he told me he’d call, but I’ve heard squat from him all day.”
I looked up at the wolf, whose ears were turned down. “Are you a boy or a girl?” It actually shook its head as if to say How could you doubt me? “A boy, huh. I bet you confuse the heck out of your girlfriend too.” I stretched out onto the lounge chair, crossing my ankles.
“You know, I really think he’s acting this way because he regrets telling me he loves me.” I hadn’t meant to say that out loud. Thank God the wolf couldn’t talk. He whined and stomped his front paw on the dirt. “You want another one? Here you go.” I tossed it to him, but instead of catching it in his mouth as before, it fell on the ground beside him, a layer of dirt sticking to the chocolate. He glanced down at it, then back up at me, and whined again. “Well, that’s all I have.” He blinked, continuing to stare at me, until finally I got a little worried that it wasn’t the doughnut he was hungry for.
“Well, I’m going to bed. You know what? If he calls I’m not going to pick up. Well, maybe. Probably. Men,” I groaned. “See ya next time.” I stood up, tossing him my last doughnut; it landed beside the other one. I walked away slowly, trying not to show fear.

Nate did call, making lame excuses about being so busy.
It was like that for the next few days. I don’t know what happened; just last week we couldn’t see enough of each other. Now that school was basically out, and we had more time, he was always gone. The only one I had to talk to was Mona, and of course the wolf. He came by the next few nights, only staying a couple minutes then taking off. Now I was sure it was a male. I wanted to talk to Lauren, but I couldn’t. I had promised Nate I’d keep our relationship a secret— that was, if we still had one.

Wednesday after my last exam, I stopped in at the cafeteria to grab a strawberry banana smoothie. The room was basically empty, with only a few students milling about. The smell of french fries lingered in the air.
Nate was busy again so I wasn’t in a hurry. Mona was off today buying my graduation present. Of course she didn’t tell me that, but I knew. I paid for my smoothie and started to head to the exit when I saw a hand waving at me. Lauren, Lily, and Allison were gathered at our usual table looking at the yearbook.
“Oh my God, look at Julian’s picture. He has serious bed-head,” Allison exclaimed with her usual dry humor. Lily giggled, moving over as I stepped up to them. I took the seat next to Lily, stealing a fry off of Allison’s plate.
“Are you finished with your exam?” Lauren asked after taking a sip of my smoothie. 
“Yes, thank God. I am so finished with high school.”
Allison, whose eyes were still focused on the book, raised her arm and said, “Hear, hear.”
I laughed softly, leaning over to look at the pictures with them. “Yes, there it is,” Alli nearly shouted. “It’s proof that you two are dating.” I rolled my eyes at her with a sigh. Not this again.
She held the book out to me. The picture she was pointing at was of me walking beside Nate, in the days when he was protecting me from Shane and company. “How is that proof? We’re just walking. I told you he was protecting me. That was him walking me to class, that’s it.”
She scowled at me. “Then how do you explain that?” She stabbed the picture with her finger and smiled, sure she had caught me in a lie. I glanced at the other two and they were looking at the picture with doubt in their eyes.
“Alli, they’re just walking,” Lily agreed with me, looking disappointed that she didn’t see more.
“No, look, they’re holding hands.” She pointed again, this time at our hands. It was true that they were close, but they were not touching. I think I was swinging my arm just as the picture was taken so at a certain angle it looked like we might be holding hands.
Lauren bent down to get a closer look, squinting her eyes at the picture. “Sorry, Alli, but it just looks like their hands are close together.”
Allison slammed the book shut and groaned, “Whatever.”
I smiled at her. It was funny to me that she was making such a big deal about whether or not I was dating Nate. I wished I could tell them, but I wasn’t one to go back on a promise.
When I glanced at Lauren, she was smiling at me with a knowing grin, as if she knew I was lying. Why was it that she could always see through me? But she never told the girls and was never obvious with her knowledge. There was something about her eyes that seemed to be wise beyond her years. But then again, I could be imagining all of that.
“So Megan, how’s Eddie?” Lily asked, setting down my drink after taking a sip. I should have bought two.
“You’d know that more than I would. He’s taking some time off for finals, but I’ve heard through the grapevine that you two went out.”
She blushed, her eyes darting to the Formica table.
“Have you been holding out on me?” Lauren asked, giving Lily a playful slap on the hand.
Lily glanced up, her cheeks the color of her lipstick. “You were gone all weekend, and it was a last-minute thing.”
“I know all the details, and I will trade for some of yours, Meg.” Allison wiggled her eyebrows, refusing to let go of her theory.
“No, save them for tonight,” Lauren said to both Allison and Lily. “You’re coming, right?” Her eyes flicked to me.
I stared at her blankly.
Lily was the one to speak. “I asked you a week ago. Remember, we’re having an end of the year slumber party. And since this is our last year, I’m stealing some wine from my mom’s stash.” Lily bumped me with her shoulder.
Oh, that’s right, we were supposed to hang out at her place tonight. Her parents would be gone for the night, leaving Lily alone for the evening. Since Nate would probably ditch me again, spending time with them definitely sounded better than hanging out with a silent wolf that eventually ditched me too.
“Of course I’m in, I wouldn’t forget.”

Lauren picked me up just before dinner, I had tried to call Nate and tell him what was going on but his cell phone was off. I couldn’t even get his voicemail.
She pulled up to a two-story, red brick craftsman-style house with white trim and a matching front covered porch. It was a cute house and it looked like Lily. I think I could have picked it out even if Lauren hadn’t shown me.
After we unloaded our bags I followed Lauren onto the front porch. The white wicker patio furniture was almost shaking from the bass vibrations coming out of the house. Aggie’s voice was floating out of the speakers, singing about her latest heartbreak.
There were two other voices singing along, and I knew instantly that Allison was here. When we turned the corner, we spotted the two of them doing a matching dance, along with their off-key singing.
“Hello!” Lauren yelled, trying to be heard over the music.
They both froze at the sound, and then erupted into a bout of hysterical laughter at being caught off-guard. Once their laughter subsided, Lily leaned over a shelf above the TV to turn the stereo down.
Her living room was large, with a big bay window, filled with comfortable-looking furniture. Family photos littered the walls and shelves. A thick multicolored rug sat in the center of the room under a coffee table filled with CDs that Lily must have dropped before putting on Aggie.
“Hey, guys, just throw your bags in the corner; we can take them up later. I just ordered pizza, and there are snacks in the kitchen.”
“Well, then, I guess we have plenty, because we stopped at the store on the way,” Lauren said as she tossed her bag on the floor.
I did the same, but held onto the white grocery bag. I set it on the table and opened it. Allison leaned over, pulling out a bag of pretzels. She ripped it open, the smell of salt floating out of the bag. I reached in and took a one, popping it in my mouth as I sat down on the couch. I was strangely comfortable here. Like Nate’s, it was small, well, compared to my house, but it was so much cozier. It was hard to feel comfortable in a house that echoed.
We sat around the table waiting for the pizza, gossiping about the kids we no longer went to school with. Somehow we started talking about our secret crushes. “Come on, Megan, you first. Give us a name of a guy you had a crush on.” When I hesitated Allison rolled her eyes. “Everyone has crushes. I’ll tell you mine, everyone will, right?” She looked to the other girls, who nodded.
I thought about it. I only had one crush my entire high school career, and I wasn’t sure if I should say. I wasn’t telling them we were dating, just who I liked. I was sure I wasn’t the only girl in school with that name in her thoughts.
I sighed, leaning back into the couch. “Nate, okay. But who here hasn’t had the same crush?” Allison and Lily both smiled, keeping their arms down.
We all turned our heads to Lauren. Her arm was raised, and she was wearing a disgusted look on her face. “God, no. Yes, he’s cute, but definitely not my type. My secret crush was Brody Michaels.”
“What?” the three of us shrieked at the same time. Brody Michaels was cute, but very studious. He wanted to get into Harvard so he concentrated on studying, but not much else. No one really ever saw his face; he was always carrying such a big load of books it was always covered.
Lauren grinned and her eyes sparkled. “Come on, he’s so thoughtful. Imagine how gentle he’d be. And his soft brown hair is always messy, as if he’s so preoccupied with studying that he constantly forgets to brush it.” Our surprised faces still stared at her. “I wanted to run my fingers through it to brush it in place to help him out. But I thought he might be weirded out if I tried.”
“Uh, yeah, ya think?” I said, laughing.
I reached over to take a drink of soda, looking at Lily. She smiled. “Besides Nate. Hmm, let me think. Cole Mathews.”
“Oooh, good one. He’s very cute and he doesn’t seem to know it,” Lauren said before popping a pretzel in her mouth. Lily picked up her can of root beer and tilted it back to take a drink, pointing to Allison with her other hand.
Allison was sitting on the rug in front of the coffee table stuffing pretzels into her mouth. “I don’t have another one.” We looked at her doubtfully. “Fine, I do, but it’s embarrassing. I don’t like the guy, but something about him had me thinking about him sometimes before I went to sleep.”
Curiosity was burning inside me. “Who?”
She rolled her eyes and sighed; she was having a hard time admitting it. She placed her head in her hands and mumbled, “Shane.” She added a muffled groan at the end.
There were three matching “Ewwws!”
She lifted her head; her usually alabaster skin was now flushed. “I know, he’s such a jerk, but there’s something about a bad boy that I can’t shake.”
“Yeah, don’t go there. I know him personally, and now that it’s all over, I can tell you that he’s the one that tried to run me off the road.”
Lily and Allison gaped at me in surprise. “You knew?”
“Yes, but I didn’t want to tell you. I was afraid he’d come after you.”
“All right, crush definitely over,” Allison said, tossing the forgotten pretzel she held in her hand back in the bag, just as there was a knock at the door.
“Yeah, pizza,” Lily shouted as she stood up. She bent down to gather the money that we had all pitched in earlier, her short blond hair falling in shorts spikes around her face.

“Who ordered olives?” I complained, picking a bunch of little round green bits off of the greasy cheese from my pizza. We were gathered around the coffee table, sitting on the floor, and munching our dinner.
“Me, sorry. I should have said only on half.” Lily smiled with her mouth full of food.”
“No biggie, I can pick them off.”
“So Lily, go get the wine, and then tell us about your date with Eddie,” Lauren said, holding her pizza up in front of her mouth about to take a bite.
Lily disappeared into the kitchen to pour us some kind of sparkling fruity drink that really didn’t taste like wine, all the while relaying her night with Eddie. Apparently, he took her to the batting cages, and then to Wapoose Park. They ate hot dogs by the lake and then rode on rides the rest of the night. “He said he got the idea from Nate,” she said, looking at me wearing a wide grin.
I almost gasped in surprise as she quickly looked away. I wasn’t sure if she knew or not. It had never occurred to me that Eddie might tell her. He was there the first time we kissed, but maybe Nate had told him not to say anything.
When the last of the pizza was eaten my phone rang. I had drunk about two of the fizzy drinks so I wasn’t at all concerned when Allison reached in my bag and answered it. “Hello…yes, she is. Can I tell her who this is?...Hello?” Her voice was forcefully smooth, however, her flushed cheeks gave away the fact that she had more glasses than I had.
Oh crap, it was probably Nate. I jumped up, taking the phone from her, rushing into the kitchen. I huddled by the back door in front of the refrigerator that was filled with pictures of Lily as a child. “Hi,” I whispered, hoping no one could hear. It had gotten very quiet in the living room.
“Hi. Who was that?” Nate asked from the other end.
“Allison. We’re having a sleepover at Lily’s. I tried to call, but your phone was dead.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry. I forgot to charge it. Are you going to be there all night?”
“Is that okay? I just figured since you’ve been busy all week.”
“No, that’s fine, and why I was calling. I just wanted you to know I wouldn’t be home until late.” I knew he’d say that.
I brushed a stray strand of hair out of my face. “Did you tell Eddie to keep quiet about us?”
“No, why?”
“Because he’s dating Lily, and I think she might know.”
There was a brief silence on the other end. I used the break to glance over my shoulder. No one was there, but the living room was still oddly quiet. “Oh, I never thought of that.”
“Yeah, me neither.”
“It’s okay. I was just worried about it getting around all over school, but as long as just a few people know I’m sure it will be fine.” I breathed a sigh of relief. I didn’t want him to be mad at me. “Anyway, have fun tonight, Meg. I love you.”
“I love you too,” I whispered, hoping no one in the living room would hear.
I heard him laugh softly just before the phone went dead. I smiled, picturing his vivid blue eyes sparkle when he laughed.
I turned around, feeling all fuzzy and warm, and not just from the fizzy drinks.
Lily, Allison, and Lauren were standing in the doorway side by side, arms crossed and smiling.




Chapter Nineteen
The Rileys

“That was Nate. I have barely heard him speak, but when I did, I remembered it.” Allison narrowed her eyes, waiting for me to deny it. Honestly, I was tired of lying, and since he did kind of give me permission I was dying to talk to someone about it.
I just smiled and said, “So?”
“I knew it! You can’t lie to me.”
I glanced at Lily. “Did Eddie tell you?”
She smiled and nodded.
Allison spun on her. “And you didn’t tell me?”
“It was her news to tell.” She headed back into the living room. We all followed taking our previous spots.
“Lauren, aren’t you mad at Lily for keeping it to herself?” Allison whined.
Lauren sat down on the couch beside me. “No, she’s right. It was Megan’s news to tell when she was ready to tell it.”
“Why did you lie?” Allison asked, sitting back down on the floor.
“Because Nate wanted to keep it hidden from everyone at school. So I did. I’m sorry.”
“Why did he want it a secret?” Lily asked.
“I don’t know, but he asked me to trust him and since I do, I kept it to myself. We just weren’t expecting you and Eddie to get together.”
She grinned at that. “Isn’t he cute and so sweet?” He was and I was happy that two of my new friends had found each other.
“I can’t believe you’ve been dating all this time,” Allison blurted out, interrupting Lily.
“We haven’t been. It was true about the picture. He was just walking me to class like I said. We’ve only been dating this last month.”
“How did it happen?” Lauren asked.
“Eddie spilled water on me at the shelter, and Nate was wiping the water off my boobs. You should have seen the look of shock on his face when he realized what he was doing. It was so cute I couldn’t resist. So I kissed him.”
“That’s so adorable,” Lauren said, reaching over to pick up her drink.
“Okay enough, I’ve been asking you for over a month about him and you’ve been holding out on us. So since your tongue is loose, thanks to Lily’s wine, you’re going to spill your guts. I want every detail.” Allison stood up from the floor and sat down next to me on the other side of the coffee table, waiting for me to speak.
I almost gave her an excuse why I wanted to keep it to myself, but this was what I had wanted to do since I first kissed him. Sit around gossiping to my friends about my hot boyfriend. So I did. I told them about our first date and nights since then. I told them since my parents didn’t give a damn, I slept at his place most nights; emphasis on the sleep. When I had no more gossip for them, we moved on to Lily and Eddie.

I woke in the middle of the night with a slight headache. The wine was not a good idea. I was in Lily’s spare bedroom and since it was a single bed, I was alone. Lauren and Lily were in her bed, and Allison was asleep on the couch. I still felt sleepy, but wondered why I was so close to the wall.
I turned over, sprawling my arm out to lie across the bed. Instead of hitting the soft mattress I hit something hard. “Ow,” I heard a deep whisper beside me. I jumped against the wall when I saw that I wasn’t alone. Nate lifted his head. He was wearing a shy grin. “Hi.”
I gasped. “What are you doing here? How did you get in?”
“I missed you, and I’m pretty good at picking a lock.”
My first reaction was anger. I couldn’t believe that he broke into Lily’s house. But the guilty half-grin on his face melted the anger away until it was just a warm glow at seeing him. He’d been gone so much lately I really missed him. Instead, I lay back down and nestled into his chest, and he wrapped his arms around me. It wasn’t long before we both fell asleep.

The sound of banging in the hallway pulled me from sweet slumber, I groaned, not ready to wake up. I wanted to stay in bed with Nate’s arm wrapped around me all day. At that thought I jumped up and looked around. He was gone. Was he really here or was it just a dream?
“Lily, I have to pee, hurry up!” Allison yelled and pounded on the door again. Apparently she wasn’t much of a morning person.
I groaned again, lying back down in bed, wondering if it had been a dream. Was he just in my mind because of all I had told them last night? But he felt so real. I could even smell his strange scent: pine and leather. I sat up, glancing around; there was no sign that he had been there. If I was dreaming I had a very good imagination.
I reached over to the bedside table to grab my phone. The clock read nine so if he hadn’t been here I knew he’d be awake heading to the shelter. It rang once before he picked up. “Hi.” His soft deep voice rolled over me, making me smile.
“Were you here?”
“What do you mean?”
My brow creased in confusion. “Well, either I dreamed very vividly of you, or you snuck into bed with me, and then back out before I woke up.”
“You must have a very vivid imagination.”
“You really weren’t here?” I asked, shocked and disappointed that it had been a dream.
He laughed. “No, I’m kidding. I was there. I didn’t think Lily would like me breaking into her house, so I left early. But by the look of the empty wine bottles I thought you girls would be asleep for a while.”
“I’d still be asleep if Lily had more than one bathroom.”
“Huh?”
I laughed. “Never mind, I’ll see you later.”
“I love you.”
“Me too, bye.”


At ten Saturday morning, I began getting ready for graduation. It was at two in the afternoon, so I only had a few hours. I curled my hair, pulled it up at the back, and let some loose strands hang in front. Since my makeup was finished, all I had to do was take off my robe and put on my dress. There was one knock on my patio door before it opened.
“Were you hoping to catch a glimpse?” I asked, spinning around to Nate, who was dressed in a black suit. His tie was navy blue to match my dress, which was satin with a beaded neckline.
“I would never do such a thing. But I’m not disappointed that you’re not dressed yet.” He sat down on the chair, lifting his legs onto a small table in the corner of the room, as if to get comfy for the show.
With a smirk, I slid into the closet to change. When I came back, he frowned. “What a ripoff.”
Wow, that’s the first time he’s made a joke in a week. He seemed different today, more himself; the sadness was almost completely gone from his eyes.
I gave him a swat on his shoulder. “I’m ready. My parents and Mona are meeting us there. Let’s go.” Once he stood up, I slid my arm through his.
The drive to the school was uneventful. I held his hand as I watched the scenery go by. He asked me a few questions about the slumber party. We had seen each other a few times since then, but only at the shelter. He was always busy afterward. I told him Allison’s reaction to our relationship. He laughed as he pulled into the crowded school parking lot.
Twenty minutes later, I was lined up in the gym alphabetically next to Anna Baker. Nate was near the end of his aisle directly across from Lauren. Even though there was space between them for people to walk down, I was sure they were talking. They were looking straight ahead, but their lips were moving, and they both looked annoyed. You couldn’t really tell they were speaking unless you were watching closely. It looked like Lauren wanted to talk about something, but Nate tried to ignore her. It was very strange, considering both of them told me they didn’t know each other. There was something going on between the two of them, and I intended to find out what it was. I was pretty sure I had a better chance to get the answers from Lauren, even though she was pretty tight-lipped as well. I would need to think of a way to pry it from her.
I stood up as Mr. Miller, our principal, called my name. There was a loud cheer from Mona and Ben. My parents were too civilized for such a thing. When Nate’s name was called I thought I heard a low cheer coming from the back, but when he looked up sharply, it stopped.
Afterwards, I hugged and congratulated everyone. Lily was showing off Eddie to the rest of the class, and Allison brought ponytail-what’s-his-name from the bar. I spoke briefly to my parents, Mona, and Ben before they left to get everything ready for the party. I watched the gym doors close behind them before I spun around to look for Nate’s blond hair over the sea of black robes and perfectly styled heads.
I found him stuck talking to Mr. Miller. I could tell he was trying to get away by the pleading looks he was sending in my direction, but I really didn’t want to get sucked into the Miller vortex. Once you got caught talking to him, you couldn’t get away. I smiled at Nate, giving him a wave as I slipped into the parking lot. The last thing I saw was Nate’s pleading look turn into a narrow-eyed glare.
Lauren was standing a few feet from the side door talking to an older couple, each of whom were dressed up, the man in a suit and the woman in a peach dress. “Oh, Megan, come here I want you to meet my parents.”
I made my way over to where she was standing. Her father turned his head and I immediately recognized him from the press conference. He looked like her; both of them had the same blond hair and the same familiar piercing blue eyes that I saw on her brother. Their facial features were similar as well. Lauren took my hand. “Megan, this is my father, Will, and my mother, Carolyn.” They each held out a hand. I placed mine in her mother’s first, and then her father’s for a very firm handshake. They both wore big smiles, appearing to be very happy to meet me. I guess friendliness ran in the family.
“It’s nice to meet you both. Lauren was the only one who talked to me after my problems with the fire. She’s been a really good friend.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too. Lauren has told us a lot about you. We wanted to meet you when you came over, but we were both out for the evening,” Lauren’s mother said, disappointment shining from her face. Were they this involved with all of Lauren’s friends?
“We were hoping to see you the next day, but Lauren told us you went to the shelter. Thank you so much for your help there. I don’t get to be involved as much as I like, work has me so busy.”
Now that she said it, it did seem strange that I never saw any of them volunteer. After all, it was their family’s charity. “I really enjoy spending time with the residents. I was actually hoping to give more of my time now that I’ve graduated. I’d even like to take on more responsibility; I know Julia could use some help.” I looked up at Will, expecting a response, but he wasn’t looking at me, but over my shoulder, and his face took on a guilty expression.
“Oh, well, we have to go.” He took Lauren’s and his wife’s hands, guiding them away. I stared after them as they all climbed into a black luxury sedan, wondering what was going on. Why would he ignore me after I asked him a question, considering how excited they were to meet me in the first place?
“Hey, was that the Rileys you were talking to?” I turned to see Nate coming up behind me.
“Yeah, Lauren wanted me to meet them. They were very friendly, excited, even, to meet me. But when I asked him about getting more responsibility at the charity he ignored me and then just took off.”
“They’re rich. Rich people are weird.” He shrugged his shoulders as if his response explained everything.
I took a few steps closer. “Aren’t you rich?” I ignored the fact that he unintentionally called me weird as well.
“No, how could I be? I have some money that was left to me from my family, but that’s it.”
“Then how do you explain your car?”
He sighed. “What’s with all the questions?” He took my hand, rubbing the back of it softly with his thumb.
“I’m just trying to get to know you better.”
“Well, can we do this on the way? We have to get you to your party. You don’t want to be late.” He leaned down to touch his lips to mine, then pulled me to his car.
I climbed in and waited until he turned the ignition and drove out onto the street. “So how did you pay for your car?”
He turned his head. “It was my father’s. That’s why I made such a big deal about you driving it.”
Oh, now I felt like a jerk, bringing up his family. “But why did Eddie call you a Richie?”
“I told you I inherited money when my parents died. Besides he thinks anyone who has more money than he does is rich.”
“You know, I just noticed that you look like Lauren, and even more like her father. Are you related somehow?” He stopped at a stop sign, about a mile from my house. If I was going to get answers, I needed to hurry up.
He sighed, his face turning into a scowl. “Megan, where are all these questions coming from?”
“I told you, I just want to get to know you more.”
He smiled slightly. “I understand, but you sound like you don’t trust me. Like you think I’m hiding something.”
“Are you?” I really didn’t mean to blurt that out. But now that I had…
He seamed shocked by the question. “Of course not. Why would you think that?”
I couldn’t answer that in one sentence. I just had a feeling that he always held things back. He still never explained what happened on the boat after he told me he loved me. Every time I noticed something strange about him, like his eye, he made up some excuse. Plus there was a whole week of him saying he was so busy and couldn’t spend time with me, but it was obvious he was just avoiding me.
All of these things were on the tip of my tongue, but instead I just said, “Never mind, we’re here.”
He pulled up to my house, and I was disappointed to see that the driveway was overloaded with cars.
“Are you ready?” he asked, taking his seatbelt off and opening his door.
“No,” I grumbled, but climbed out anyway. Together we walked around the house to the back patio where everyone was gathered. 


Chapter Twenty
The Garden Party

“There’s our guest of honor,” my mother cooed as we made our way to where she stood talking to the mayor. “Megan, you remember Mayor Gibbons, right?” She laid her hand on his shoulder.
“Yes, hello. Mayor, have you met Nate Green?” I shook the mayor’s hand, glaring at my mom, who was in her glory.
“Yes, I have. I’ve donated to Riley House a few times. I’m quite impressed at what a man so young has accomplished there. The Rileys are lucky to have you.” He reached his hand out to shake Nate’s. “I hear you’re skipping college to work at Riley Department Stores.”
A woman in a black and white uniform came up with a tray of champagne glasses. The mayor withdrew his hand from my boyfriend’s and handed each of us a glass before taking one himself.
“Yes, part time, but my focus will be on the shelter,” Nate explained as he took a drink of his champagne.
The mayor nodded and moved onto me. “How about you, Megan? Your mother tells me you haven’t decided what school you want to attend yet.”
“No, I don’t know what I want to do for a career, and I don’t want to spend my parents’ money until I do. I’m going to work at the charity full time until I can figure out what I want.”
His smile was warm, and his eyes were sincere. “That’s good. Put your free time to good use.”
My mother took advantage of the lull in conversation and started talking to him about my father’s work. I took that as a hint for us to leave. I grasped Nate’s hand again and wandered over to the food table.
The rest of the afternoon was spent mingling with my parents’ acquaintances and business colleagues.
Before I could look away, Mandy’s mother caught my eye. I looked around for an escape, but found none. Nate was busy talking to an older bald man in a business suit, and Mona was busy speaking to the caterers. Unable to find an escape, I tensed for the inevitable confrontation.
Madeline was suddenly in front of me. “Congratulations, Megan.” She pulled me into a quick hug, the strong smell of her perfume making my eyes water.
“Thank you, Madeline. I’m so happy you could come.” My words were said through gritted teeth, obviously fake. But in this world that was the only emotion understood.
“I would never miss a Banks party. I’m sorry Mandy couldn’t come, but she wasn’t sure if you’d want her here, considering what happened. I tried to tell her that you wouldn’t mind. You two are best friends; of course you’d want her at your party. But she wouldn’t listen to me.”
I planted a phony smile on my face. “Oh, I’m sorry, but she must not have told you that I no longer consider her my friend.”
She gasped in horror, raising her hand to her mouth. “You can’t mean that. You two were so close. You’d do anything for each other.”
“Well, would you consider leaving your friend as she’s driving off to a burning building and not calling to see if she’s okay a friend that would do anything for the other? What if that same friend stood by while her boyfriend threatened you? Would you still consider her a friend? Because I don’t.” I walked away, leaving her standing with her mouth hanging open.
After dinner, I excused myself to use the ladies’ room. I walked away from Nate, who was cornered between the food tables by Mrs. Erickson, who was flirting with him. The dirty look he gave told me he would get back at me later, considering that was twice I’d left him when he needed me.
I used my bedroom bathroom, and after I touched up my makeup I thought I’d better head back to save Nate.
I noticed a man standing near Nate’s car. It was parked outside my patio door; his back was to me as he gazed at the backyard as if waiting for someone. “Hello, can I help you?” I asked, heading toward him.
When he turned around, I was surprised to see who it was—Conner, the man from the grocery store, the one who had helped me with my groceries. “Oh, hi. What are you doing here?” I stood beside him, leaning against Nate’s car, but then I pushed off instantly. The black paint reflected the hot sun, almost burning me through my dress. For some reason it didn’t bother Conner.
He smiled. “I just started at your father’s company and he asked me to come. You look beautiful.” He was wearing his leather jacket again. I was just wearing my strapless dress, and I was still hot. The sun was glaring down on us. If it wasn’t for the breeze, the heat would be unbearable.
“Thank you. I really hate this kind of thing, especially when they pretend it’s about me. But I shouldn’t say that about your new boss.”
“Megan! Step away from him,” Nate’s voice boomed from behind me.
I turned to look at the side of the house and saw him coming around the corner, having slipped away from the party out back.
“Oh, hi Nate. It’s all right, this is Conner. He helped me at the grocery store. Can you believe he got a job at my father’s office? What a coincidence.”
Nate rushed over to us so fast I barely saw him move, and before I knew what was happening, he was shoving me behind him.
“It’s so nice to meet you. Nate, is it?” Conner said with a smile, holding out a hand to shake.
The noise that came out of my boyfriend could only have been a growl. “Megan, go inside, now!” His voice was low and demanding.
“What’s the problem?” I asked, a feeling of uneasiness starting to creep inside me.
“Go!” he growled, gritting his teeth.
I really didn’t appreciate him ordering me around, but his tone of voice said that now was not the time to argue about it.
I slunk back into my room and started to pace. I was so mad, I was sure steam was about to come out of my ears. Who did he think he was, ordering me around like that? I had to put a stop to this today. There is no way I was going to let him tell me what to do.
Walking over to the window I peered out and saw that the driveway was empty; they were gone.
With a feeling of dread, I stepped out of the door to look for them. I couldn’t see anyone. I heard the laughter and voices from behind the house, but that was it.
A bird screeched above me and as I looked up and watched it soar toward the forest I spotted Nate and Conner by the edge of the woods that surrounded our property. The two of them were arguing. Nate was gesturing wildly, but Conner just kept the same bored, defiant grin on his face.
Nate’s back was to me, but Conner looked up, and his eyes looked right into mine. His grin spread, he said something to Nate, and then took off running into the woods. 
Before I could figure out why he would run, something else happened that I couldn’t comprehend. Nate jumped up into the air and his body exploded. That was the only word I could think of. He exploded into a…wolf. His suit ripped into shreds, falling all over the long grass.
One minute he was my sexy, human boyfriend, and the next he was a wolf, a wild animal, growling and snapping savagely at Conner. He dove into the woods, chasing him.
I could no longer see what was happening once they disappeared behind the towering trees, but the image of Nate turning into a wolf would be burned into my memory forever.
I backed up, completely dazed, rushing back into my room, slamming the door and locking it behind me. That did not just happen. He couldn’t have done what I saw him do. My mind was just playing tricks on me.
I started to feel lightheaded and I staggered over to sit down on my bed. I was stunned. I just wanted to brush off what I had seen and forget it. But I couldn’t. Memories started flashing in my head. The night he was at my house, and his nails turned long and pointed. Last week when his eyes turned yellow. All the times he said he wasn’t good for me or that he was dangerous. Images of all the things I had wondered about him kept flashing in my head until I was dizzy.
I had to lie down before I threw up. I just wanted to forget what happened, I couldn’t even fathom that Nate, the guy who I thought was sweet, kind, and very generous, wasn’t human.
No, it’s not possible, I had to have seen it wrong. Standing up, I walked slowly to peer out my window, hoping that when I looked, the lawn would be empty. But no, Nate’s clothes were still scattered on the grass where he had left them. It was true. He was something else. But what? A werewolf? There was no such thing. But how could I deny what I saw?
I lifted my hands into my hair, spinning around the room. Oh my God, what was I supposed to do? He was chasing Conner; he could be dead. The memory of the radio report popped into my head, and I stopped. That’s why he was so upset. He must have been the one who killed those people.
I had to call the police, but what was I supposed to say? My boyfriend is a werewolf. I couldn’t tell them what I saw, no one would believe me. I didn’t believe me. I could just tell them that he killed those other people. I didn’t have to mention anything about werewolves, unless of course, I wanted to be fitted for a straitjacket. I picked up my phone and dialed. My hands were shaking so hard I had to hang up and redial a few times before I heard, “Nine-one-one emergency, how may I help you?” on the other end.
“I know who killed those people in the park,” I whispered, unable to say the words out loud.
“Can you speak up? I can’t hear you.”
I cleared my throat and took a deep breath, gathering the strength I needed. “I know who killed those people in the park,” I said a little louder. “His name is Nate Green, and you can find him at 321 Maple View, side patio door.” When she asked my name, I hung up.
I sat down on my bed, shaking with fear. I couldn’t believe I thought he was good. I knew there was something off about him. How could I not know? Was I doing the right thing? I loved him. But how could I love a monster that lied to me over and over?
He must have killed those people. What else could it have been? That’s what werewolves did, right? They killed people.
What was I doing? Was I really talking to myself about werewolves? I must be going insane. I couldn’t catch my breath. I had to calm down.
I ran into the bathroom to splash cold water on my face. When I looked in the mirror I didn’t recognize myself. My eyes were huge, my skin bone white. The contrast of my white skin was stark against my almost red hair. I poured water into a cup and took a sip, breathing in through my nose and out my mouth trying to soothe myself before I had a panic attack. It was working. My color started to come back, and my eyes were back to their normal shape.
I heard the door shut in the other room, and froze. Damn, I had given him a key.
“Megan?” Nate called from my bedroom. I took a deep breath and looked at myself in the mirror again. “I can handle this,” I whispered to my reflection. The police were on their way. I took another deep breath, closed my hands into fists and turned the corner, walking over to sit down on my bed.
He was wearing jeans and a T-shirt. There was a scratch above his left eye and a cut on his upper right arm. He smiled sheepishly. “I’m sorry I got so angry, but I didn’t like the way that guy was looking at you.”
I looked down at my hands. They were shaking and my nails were cutting into my skin from squeezing so hard; they were starting to bleed. I put them behind my back before he could see that something was wrong. I couldn’t stand the thought of being so close to him. “Where is Conner?”
He chuckled. “We got into a fight, but when we heard a car pull in the drive he took off. I went home to change. I ripped my suit during the fight.” He stepped over to me, sitting beside me on the bed, and touched my chin. “Look. I’m sorry. I know you must be upset with me, but I couldn’t help it. There was something about the guy that I didn’t like.”
His hand lingered on my face, and it took everything I had not to jump up. “You’ve never been jealous before,” I said quietly, looking down at the floor.
“I know. I said I was sorry.” He tried to make eye contact, but I glanced out the window. “Look at me.” He pushed my chin up, and I struggled to look him in the eye, but I couldn’t. I looked away. “What’s wrong?” His eyes searched mine.
I stood up. I couldn’t be near him. His soft touch still made my skin tingle, and his familiar smell of pine and leather was too much. I was afraid I couldn’t go through with it. I moved closer to the window, leaning against it, looking out at the parking lot, pretending to be interested in the scene before me. People were leaving, getting into their cars and driving away.
“What did you see?” His voice was barely a whisper. I knew he wasn’t asking about the view from the window.
I was about to respond when the door opened and two police officers entered my room. “Nate Green?” a male detective with brown hair and wearing a blue suit asked.
“Yes,” Nate answered with confusion as he stood up.
“We’d like to take you in for questioning.”
“For what?” Nate asked, his voice filled with apprehension.
“Murder. We’ve had an anonymous tip that you were involved with the park killings.”
Nate gasped, and he spun to face me just as he was led outside with the police. Before he disappeared he looked at me with so much pain in his eyes I almost told them to stop. But I stood my ground, picturing him attacking Conner and those poor people who were murdered. I turned my head away, disgusted, and didn’t look back until they were gone. As soon as the door closed, I threw myself onto my bed and cried.


Chapter Twenty-one
Traitor
A few hours later, Mona appeared in my doorway. “What is going on? You took off and never came back.”
I had forgotten all about the party. With all that I had been through, it was the last thing on my mind. It was surprising that nobody had seen or heard any of the commotion that had happened with Nate.
The mattress creaked as she sat down beside me. “Nothing, I don’t want to talk about it. Go away,” I cried, my face buried into my now tear-soaked pillow.
“Okay, but if you need me just call.” She patted my head, and when I didn’t respond she got up and walked out of the room, shutting the door behind her with a soft click.
I spent the rest of the night arguing with myself, wondering if I did the right thing. All I could see every time I closed my eyes was the tortured look he gave me when he realized I had called the police. When I started to feel guilty, I would remember him exploding into a wolf. Both visions haunted me all night. I didn’t sleep a wink.

In the morning, I lay on my bed, intent on staying here forever, when there was a knock at my patio door. I crawled off the bed and begrudgingly trudged to the door.
Lauren was standing in front of me with an envelope in her hand.
“Hi, Lauren. I’m sorry, but I’m not in the mood for a visitor.” My voice was raspy from all the crying.
She scowled, stopping the door with her hand as I was about to shut it. “Why would I want to visit a traitor? He loves you and this is what you do to him? Here.” She thrust the envelope at me before she turned and headed for a black town car parked in the driveway.
I watched her drive off with a mix of confusion and anxiety. She had never spoken to me in such an awful way before. She was one of my only friends, and to hear her speak to me that way really hurt.
I glanced down at the letter in my hand and was surprised to see that my name on the front was not written in Lauren’s handwriting, but Nate’s. The paper felt hot between my fingers, making my hand shake. I didn’t want to open it, but I knew I had to. If I didn’t I would always wonder.
I went back inside to sit down on my bed, staring at Nate’s neat handwriting. The flat, white, rectangular envelope was a nonthreatening, unanimated object, and inside was simply paper and ink. So why was I so scared to open it? Were they the threatening words of a monstrous werewolf, or the loving thoughts of the boy I loved? I closed my eyes, took a deep breath, and ripped, tossing the envelope into the garbage. I was left with nothing else to do but read.
Megan,
I don’t blame you for being disgusted with me. I am a monster, but I was only trying to have a normal life with the girl I love.
I know you think I killed those people in the park because you saw what I am, but I could never do that. I have fought that side of me for years, but there are others out there who don’t fight it. Conner, as you called him, is a werewolf whose real name is Rowan. I met him many years ago after I stopped him from killing a young woman. I told him not to hurt anyone else, or I would do whatever I could to stop him.
The next day, he killed my father to prove that I didn’t scare him. He said that he was older and stronger, so there was nothing I could do. I felt helpless. I couldn’t avenge my own father’s death, and I admit, I was afraid he would hurt someone else I loved. He left town, but I never forgot what he did.
Many years later, just as I was getting comfortable with my life, not looking over my shoulder for Rowan to hurt someone else, I met another werewolf named Sadie. I finally had found someone that understood what my life was like. She was my best friend, and I wanted to take care of her. She was young by my standards, and very sweet. She looked at the world through rose-colored glasses, and because of her, my world was brighter. And again, Rowan crawled out of the woodwork and killed her.
Because of this, I’ve lived my life away from my family. Lauren is a relative of mine; all of the Rileys are. I changed my name so they would not be vulnerable to any enemies that might lurk around the corner. I chose not to make it known for fear Rowan would find out I was related to them. This is also the reason I have stayed away from you all of this time. But now he knows I love you, and he told me he’s going to kill you.
He is the one who took those lives in the park, and he will do it again if I don’t stop him. A lot of things have changed since I saw him last. I can kill him now, but I need to get out of here, or others will die, including you. I know you won’t want to be with me anymore, now that you know what I am, and I understand that, but I need to stop him before he kills again.
The police told me it was an anonymous tip who said I murdered those people. They are holding me here for forty-eight hours. And my lawyer can’t do anything about it. They have not arrested me yet, but if you pursue this, I know they will. I understand that you thought you were doing the right thing, but the last woman was killed on Friday night, and I was with you. You can get me out so I can stop him. After I do, I will leave. You will never have to see me again.
I have never loved anyone the way I love you. You are so much more than you give yourself credit for. I know that you’re afraid to turn into your mother, but you need to know that will not happen, you are nothing like her. It would have been easier for you to live like them; become a trust fund socialite and live a life with no real meaning. But you chose to run into that burning building and save those people. You chose to help people in need even after your hours were stopped. How could I not love you? If you look in the mirror, you’ll see a strong young woman who stood up for what was right, against her friends and parents.
I need you to look deep in your heart. Could the woman I just described have fallen in love with a murderer? I know you’re confused about what you saw, but remember who it was you fell in love with. After you do this, if you still think I could take a life, then leave me here. But if you know in your heart who I truly am, please do the right thing.
I know you don’t want to hear this, but I love you and I always will.
Nate
The ink ran as tears dripped onto the paper. I didn’t even realize I was crying. What was I supposed to do? How could I trust someone who lied to me so many times?
His words “look deep inside your heart” kept repeating in my head, so I closed my eyes and focused on everything that had happened in the last few months. I remembered how angry he was when he thought I had started the fire. I remembered how good he was at Riley House, and how he treated everyone like family. He truly cared for each one of those people. I remembered how loving he was. When he touched me I felt it deep into my bones, and even when he pulled away after he told me he loved me, I could still sense it. When he was close to me I could feel his warmth, and somehow I always felt safe.
I wrapped my hand around the moon pendant on my necklace, trying to find the answer. When I opened my eyes again, I picked up the phone and dialed.

I decided to spend the rest of the day locked in my room under my warm and cozy duvet watching romantic movies; the mushier the better. I was well prepared with tissues on one side of the bed and a box of chocolates on the other.
I was watching the first movie, and was thankful I had the tissues. As the girl in the movie walked down the aisle to marry the one she loved before she died of cancer, I broke down, sobbing uncontrollably. My phone beeped with an awaiting text. I wiped away the last of my tears and picked up my phone to read it, throwing the wet tissue into the trash.
I sucked in a breath when I saw who it was from.
I need to see you. Please come to the Riley estate, main house.
I will explain everything. Nate.
After a lot of pacing and silent debating, I picked up my purse and made my way to my car. I drove the whole way, shaking with fear. He asked me to search my heart and in my heart I believed that the Nate I knew couldn’t have done those things, but did he show me who he truly was, or was it all a lie? I would soon find out because I saw the Riley mansion looming in the distance.
When I pulled into the driveway I gathered all my strength and walked to the front door, hopefully showing no fear. My heart was thundering in my chest.
A woman with brown hair, wearing all black, opened the door. “Um…I’m here to see Nate. I’m Megan Banks.” Without saying a word she led me down the hall just past the large sweeping staircase. She stopped outside two very large mahogany doors, knocking once before she pushed them open.
It was an office. Instead of the bare, crisp, impersonal space my father worked in at home, this room was cozy and welcoming. The walls were lined from ceiling to floor with shelves filled with all kinds of books. It looked like there was new popular fiction, encyclopedias, classic literature, and some that looked ancient, with spines that were cracked and faded.
There were cozy leather chairs placed around a matching sofa and a fireplace against the far wall. A large antique desk sat in front of a wall of windows. 
Nate was sitting behind the desk, talking to Will and another man about the same age. Lauren was with them, lounging on one of the leather chairs. They stopped their conversation and all eyes turned to me.
Lauren, her father, and the other man rushed over to me, a wall of protection standing in front of Nate.
“What are you doing here?” Lauren spit out hatefully. It was strange hearing her speak to me this way. She was the nicest, sweetest girl I knew.
Her father stood with his arms crossed in front of him. “Have you come to hurt him more?” he sneered, narrowing his eyes.
“How could you do that to him? He loves you,” the other man said, staring daggers at me.
Their words stung like a knife, piercing my skin. The urge to turn around and run was overwhelming. Nate stood up before I could give in to it.
“Enough!” Nate yelled in a booming voice from behind them. “If it wasn’t for her I would still be in jail.”
“You wouldn’t have been in there in the first place if she hadn’t called the police,” Lauren yelled at Nate, but kept her eyes focused on me.
“I don’t blame her for what she did. I am a monster. I have always known that. She’s here because I asked her to come. I need to speak to her alone.”
“But Nate, she—” Lauren’s father turned to him, starting to protest, but Nate cut him off by raising his hand.
My mouth fell open as I watched the scene before me. These big forty-year-old men were taking orders from a guy that looked eighteen, but I was beginning to think I was wrong about that. It was the most bizarre display I had ever witnessed. Ever since I had seen him change into a wolf I felt like I was in a dream. I wondered when I would wake up.
“It’s okay, Will. I think I can handle a tiny eighteen-year-old girl. I’ll be fine.” He spoke with so much kindness and love to all of them, I was beginning to see why they were so protective. All of them nodded to him, and glared at me as they walked out the door.
Suddenly, I was alone with a person I had seen turn into a wolf. The room felt very small.
“Are you afraid?”
“No.” I hated that my voice wavered.
“Then why are you holding onto the door handle?” he asked, pointing behind me.
I looked down, and sure enough my hand was there, white-knuckled, on the doorknob. I pulled my hand back, gazing down at my feet.
“I won’t hurt you. I could never do that. I love you.” He stood up and walked around the desk to lean against it, shoving his hands in the pockets of his cargo pants.
I flinched at his words, but stayed silent.
“It disgusts you to hear that, doesn’t it?” He sighed and shook his head, pushing himself off of the desk. “What a difference a couple of days makes.” He took a few steps toward me.
Instinct had me take a step back.
He stopped, a look of pain flashed over his face. “I …won’t, couldn’t…hurt you. I promise.”
I had to stop this. It was Nate. The most caring, gentle guy I had ever met. I knew that, I could see it in his eyes. But the problem was, every time I closed my eyes I saw his body explode into that snarling wolf, growling and chomping his teeth, ready to kill.
“Can you talk to me? If we discuss what’s bothering you, it might help.” His voice was very soft, as if raising it might scare me off.
“I just can’t get past seeing you as a snarling wolf attacking someone.”
He laughed. I looked up at him sharply. “Of course I was growling and attacking. I was protecting you from Rowan. He killed my father, my friend. And he was going to kill you. I’m sorry you saw it, but I will not apologize for protecting you.”
I still couldn’t think of what to say, so I stared out the large bay window at the woods beyond the house.
“If it’s the image you can’t get rid of, would you like a better one?”
I gazed at him curiously. “What do you mean?”
“The wolf in the bushes by your patio, watching you. You talked to him. Were you afraid of it?”
“How did you know about that?”
He smiled. Then I realized what he meant. “That was you?”
He nodded.
I didn’t know how to feel about that, I told the wolf my private thoughts about Nate because I thought he couldn’t understand. Apparently I was wrong.
He started toward me once more, and again I backed up, this time bumping into the door. I had nowhere else to go.
He was in front of me in a flash.
“How did you do that?” I gasped.
He smiled and shrugged. “I’m fast.”
I tried to turn my head away from him, but he took hold of my face with both hands, making me look into his eyes. I struggled, trying to get out of his grip. “No, stop. It’s me.” He let go of my face. Brushing my cheek with his thumb, he whispered, “It’s me.” Then he grabbed my hands, forcing me to touch his face. “It’s me,” he repeated. “I’m still the same person you touched so many times before. Look into my eyes. Do you see a monster?”
I did as he said and stared into his eyes. They were not the yellow eyes I had seen in the bushes, nor when he attacked Rowan. They were the deep blue eyes that I had stared into so many times, and wanted to get lost in. They were the eyes that gazed into mine when he said he loved me, and the eyes that glared at the football bullies when he protected me.
A tear escaped, rolling down my cheek. “I’m so sorry I doubted you. I’m so sorry.” I wrapped my arms around him, breathing in his scent, sobbing on his shoulders until my tears went dry, leaving his blue denim shirt damp. He hugged me tightly, just as I needed him to, gently rubbing the back of my hair, whispering quietly that it was okay, and he loved me.
How could I have doubted him? He’s Nate; my Nate. What was I thinking?
I finally pulled away, and was relieved to see that the pain on his face was gone. In its place was wonder and love. “Can you ever forgive me for what I did to you?” I asked, already knowing the answer.
“There is nothing to forgive. I should have told you what I was. If I had done that before you saw me as a wolf, you might have understood. But I didn’t want you to know that side of me.”
“I need to know all of you, or I don’t know you at all. All those things you told me about you, your last name, and your family were lies, everything was a lie. How can I believe what you say now?” I pushed his arms and stepped away from him, starting to get angry. I stopped by the window, turning to face him with my arms crossed in front of me.
“I was afraid you wouldn’t want to be with me. And I was right, as soon as you saw what I was, you called the police.”
“That’s because I didn’t know Conner, or whatever his name is, was a werewolf too. I only saw what you were, and I thought you killed those people. I don’t know how I would have reacted if you told me sooner, but we’ll never know because you didn’t trust my love for you.”
He opened his mouth to argue, but stopped. “Your right, I’m sorry. I should have trusted you.” He leaned against the arm of the couch. “I promise that I won’t lie again. I will always tell you the truth. That is, if you’ll have me back. If you can still love me in spite of what I am.” His face was tortured as if he already knew my answer.
Who was I kidding? I couldn’t live without him. He gave my life purpose. Before he came into my life, I had no one. He showed me a new world in Riley House and for that I would always be grateful. I walked over and touched his face. “You inspire people to be better. You make them want to help others. You are the best person I know. I don’t care what you are. Of course I love you. How could I not?”
He smiled so beautifully it took my breath away. “I love you so much. Can I kiss you now?” he asked, uncertain of what my answer would be.
“You’d better.”
He leaned down and touched his lips to mine. Every doubt I had melted away. It was Nate, whatever he was. He was mine and always would be.




Chapter Twenty-two
Answers

When the door opened, we pulled apart. He took my hand and held it. Lauren and her father walked in. Lauren glanced at our hands and smiled, all her anger washed away. “I knew you wouldn’t care what he was,” she said. “But why did you call the police?”
“When I saw him change, he was chasing what I believed was an innocent person.” I lowered my head in shame and continued on in a whisper. “I was sure he was the one killing the people in the park.”
Lauren narrowed her eyes, staring coldly at Nate. “I told you that you needed to tell her the truth.”
Nate sighed, shaking his head. “Fine, Lauren, you were right, and I was wrong. Happy now?”
She smiled, falling into the plush leather chair behind her. “Yes, I am, actually. I’m always right. Just like I was all these years bugging you to make a move with Megan.”
Nate rolled his eyes. “Is there something you needed, Will? I have a feeling Megan has a lot of questions, and I thought I’d take her down to the cottage so we could have some privacy.”
“Yes. This just arrived.” Will was carrying a small box wrapped in brown paper. He walked over and set it on the desk.
Nate let go of my hand and followed Will. He ripped the paper off, scrunching it up, leaving a crinkled ball on the desk, and then took the lid off the box. He pulled out tiny pieces of foam and then a gun; a shiny, silver handgun.
I gasped. “What are you going to do with that?”
He looked at me, his eyes filled with uncertainty, and I knew that he was about to tell me something he didn’t want to. “When Rowan killed my father, he left me a note and told me he was leaving town. I could have tracked him, but I had no way of killing him. Werewolves don’t die very easily. I met a man after I lost Sadie, about fifty years ago, named Joseph. He is also a werewolf, and is opposed to killing humans like I am. Together we have been tracking Rowan, and trying to find a way to kill him.
“You see, I loathed the woman that turned me. Because of that I had little knowledge of what I was, and what I could do. All that I knew, I learned from my friend Sadie, and she was killed before she could teach me that much. The legends are true. Silver is the only thing that can hurt us. This gun shoots silver bullets: Joseph and I made twelve of them. When I heard about the killings I called him and asked if he could ship the gun and bullets to me. He will come and help if we need him, but I don’t want to burden him with my problems just yet.”
I learned a lot in his speech, but one thing stuck out: he met someone fifty years ago. How old is he?
“Um… Nate?” I said, my voice shaking with apprehension.
He was talking quietly to Will and leaning over the gun. “Hmm?” he said, distracted, not looking at me.
I glanced at Lauren, and then her father, unsure if I should ask in front of them, but since they made no move to leave I asked my question. “How old are you?”
He looked up at me and smiled, then glanced at the others. “I think it’s time I took Megan and explained everything. We’ll deal with this later. But I’m going to bring this with me.” He nodded to the gun. “I don’t want Lauren here shooting her foot off.” He placed the gun back in the box and took my hand with his free one. As we moved past Lauren, she stuck her tongue out at Nate. He chuckled, giving her a friendly pat on the head.

I was shocked at how normal the cottage was. How could it stay the same when everything had changed so drastically? My extra hairbrush still sat on the end table where I had left it two weeks before when Nate rushed me out. Our picture from the shelter was still the only one on the mantel. The movie case I left here was open on the shelf below the TV and I noticed the corner of the book I had been searching for last week under the couch. I bent down to pick it up and tossed it. It fell onto the coffee table with a smack.
I sat down on the sofa, waiting. He placed the gun in a safe that was hidden behind the TV, and then went into the kitchen to retrieve two sodas from the refrigerator. After he handed one to me, he sat on the chair beside the sofa.
“Are you finished stalling?” I asked, pulling the tab on my can. Fizz floated out and dark bubbly liquid gathered around the edge. I slurped it up as I waited for him to answer.
He smiled sheepishly. “I know I need to tell you everything, but I’m afraid once I do you’ll change your mind.” He opened his drink and took a sip.
“I need to know,” I said, staring at him.
“Okay.” He took a deep breath. “I was turned into a werewolf in eighteen ninety. I was eighteen years old.” He paused, knowing I would need a minute to process what he had just said.
Holy crap! That meant he was over a hundred years old. I stood up, making my way to stand in front of the window, holding my can while I watched a seagull dive towards the water, trying to get a fish. Waves crashed against the small motorboat Nate kept beside his dock. The wind blew through the two maple trees at the edge of the water. When I realized I was stalling, just like he had, I took a deep breath. “Go on,” I said quietly, but didn’t turn around.
“I lived here in Creekford, in the house we were just in actually. It was a lot smaller back then, but that was home. I was courting a girl named Lucy, and had hoped to marry her one day.
“One night I took her for a walk, but somehow we ended up in the meadow. Once we realized where we were, and that we were unsupervised, we turned around, starting back for the path. It was a full moon and we were enjoying the pretty evening. I looked away from her for only a moment and when I glanced back, she was lying on the ground with a wolf hovering above her. She was dead.”
When he paused, I turned around to see him glancing down at the floor. His face was full of grief. I could tell that it was difficult to relive the past, and I felt guilty for making him, but I needed to know. He lifted his head, and seeing me facing him, gave me a weak smile before continuing. “It came for me, but I got away. But not before it took a bite out of my leg. I told everyone she was killed by a wolf, even though I knew it was more than that. Besides the odd coloring, it was bigger than any wolf I had ever seen, and it stood up on its hind legs. Yet I said nothing of that, knowing that they wouldn’t believe me.
“Over the next couple of weeks I noticed new unexplained abilities. I could outrun a horse, jump off the barn roof without a scratch, and my sense of smell was heightened.
“I was working at my father’s general store when a woman named Charlotte came in. She was very pretty and spoke with an Irish accent. She told me she was the one who killed Lucy, and because she bit me, I was now what she was. She told me that there was supposed to be a full moon that night and she wanted me to meet her because I would change into a wolf. I didn’t believe her, until I saw her eyes change color, from blue to yellow.
“After she left, I started to feel sick, so I went home. The pain was horrible, but I managed to get to sleep. When I woke up hours later, I started to change. I took off into the woods to meet her. I didn’t want her near my family. That night I changed and I watched her kill someone I knew. She would have killed my friends if I hadn’t stopped her. After that, I left my family until I could control the urges.”
He stood up and walked over to stand beside me, I turned to look at him. His gaze was intense. “You see, when she killed that boy, I wanted to join her. As a wolf you don’t see a person, you see prey that is easy to catch. I didn’t trust myself around my family, so I left. I went into a depression and stopped eating, until the night I turned. I wasn’t keeping track of the time, and I didn’t know that it was the full moon. I barely escaped my house before I changed. But as soon as I did, the wolf took over. I had starved myself, and because of that the wolf was crazed. I killed a man that night. The wolf had taken over and when I woke up I didn’t remember anything. The next day I heard about the death of a man who had fallen down drunk at the edge of the woods. He was found mauled by an animal. That’s when the events of the previous night came back.”
I looked away from him, not because his words disgusted me, but because I pitied him, and I didn’t want him to know it.
“I have learned to control it. That’s why I eat so much. If I become the wolf when I’m hungry, it controls me.” He stopped and touched my arm gently, silently asking me to look at him. I did, and I saw the pain still etched on his face. “I hate telling you this, but I promised you no more lies. Can you forgive me?”
As I turned my head back to look out the window, I saw him take his chair once again, giving me the space I needed to digest all that he had told me. He never asked for any of this and he didn’t intend to kill anyone. I wondered if that was why he helped people so much, to make up for his past actions. I had a feeling I might be able to forgive him, but he would never forgive himself. I could see how his past tortured him.
When I turned around again, his head was in his hands as he waited for my answer. I approached him, lifting his hands from his face, and kissed him with all the emotion I felt. He welcomed it, returned the kiss, and wrapped his arms around me with a desperate need for forgiveness.
Out of breath, I pulled away. “There’s nothing to forgive. But it doesn’t matter what I think. You need to forgive yourself. You’ve done nothing intentionally, you were a victim, and instead of succumbing to the wolf’s urges, like the other werewolves you told me about, you’ve fought it. And look at what you’ve done with your life. You help people. Not many humans care about people the way you do. I think it’s time to forgive yourself.”
“I haven’t told you everything. I killed again, thirty years later. It was so stupid. I knew I had to eat, but a couple of days before I changed I was so busy. I only took time out for a small dinner. My father had me opening a new store and we weren’t ready. I had to work day and night to get it open in time. Work was all I could think of, and I forgot the most important things; to eat and the full moon.
“It’s no excuse, but after that I was obsessed with the homeless man I killed. I found out he had an ex-wife who wasn’t doing so well. She was living in a poor area, working two jobs and still couldn’t afford food for her children.” He paused, taking a breath. “I found her work in our company, and she was able to quit the other jobs and move to a better area. But after that I started wondering about other people that didn’t have enough money. I was like you. I always had plenty, and never had to worry. But after I found her and saw where she lived, it opened my eyes, and I eventually started Riley House.”
“That was you? I heard the story about of one of Lauren’s ancestors starting it. But I can’t believe I’m dating that person.”
He tilted his head to the side. “Does my age bother you?”
I sighed. “Maybe a little, but I’ll get over it. Have there been others?”
I knew he understood me. “No. I learned my lesson. I eat a lot. I never want the wolf to control me again.”
“Why did you come to my house as a wolf?”
“At first, it was because I was curious about you. Then after the killings, I was worried.” He paused, a wicked grin spreading across his face. “You were right, though. They were good doughnuts.”
I hid my face in my hands. “Ugh… I’m so embarrassed. I complained to the wolf about you. You must think I’m crazy, talking to an animal.”
He laughed. “No, I don’t think you’re crazy. I think you’re sweet. Actually, I was tempted to come closer, but was afraid to scare you.”
I straightened up as a thought popped in my head. “I have a question. Why did you pull away from me the night on the boat? Was it because you regretted telling me you love me?”
His hand was suddenly gripping mine. “Of course not. And when you told the wolf that, I was so upset I lost my appetite.” He grinned again at the memory of the doughnuts I threw landing on the ground. “Yes, I pulled away. But it had nothing to do with my love for you.” He stood up, moving over to the window. This time he turned away from me.
“Then why?”
“Because I don’t deserve you.” His voice was barely a whisper. I had to strain to hear him.
“Nate, of course—” 
“No, I don’t. You don’t know everything.” His voice was cold. He was angry but I knew it wasn’t directed at me, but at himself.
“Then tell me. Remember, you said you’d tell me everything from now on.”
He nodded slowly, his face full of pain. “I know, but what I’m about to tell you is harder than anything I’ve told you so far.” He ran his hands along his face in frustration.
“Okay, here goes. Just know, if you hate me, I’ll understand.”
I started to protest, but he rushed back over, kneeling before me, touching my lips with his finger. “That night, after I told you how I felt, you told me about your grandparents and what your grandfather used to call you. Do you remember what that was?”
“Of course, the three Lucys.” I didn’t understand what this had to do with anything.
“Do you remember the beginning of my story? The name of my girlfriend who died?” He paused, waiting for my answer, but when I remained silent, he went on. “Lucy, the girl you’re named after, is the one that was killed the night I was bitten.”




Chapter Twenty-three
A Century of Guilt

It wasn’t possible. He had to be wrong. “No,” I whispered.
“Yes, and I’m so sorry. It was all my fault. Your family has suffered so much because of me.”
His eyes were tortured with a century’s worth of guilt. I could tell he had blamed himself every day since it happened; of course he wouldn’t be Nate otherwise. I couldn’t let him feel guilty anymore. I had to take away his pain somehow. I just wasn’t sure how to do that.
“I know how much you must hate me for what I’ve done to your family. I will spend the rest of my days trying to make it up to you, and others who come after.”
I picked up a framed photo that was sitting on the end table beside the couch and stood up. Walking over to lean against the fireplace, I lifted the frame and stared at the two people smiling out at me. It was us, lounging on the speedboat. He must have put this out recently; I hadn’t noticed it before. He took it with his hand stretched in front of us. I was so happy and unaware of what was to come. Trying to imagine going back to that girl, I quickly shook the thought from my mind. She didn’t know him, not really. Although he hated who he was, I couldn’t, even after everything I had learned. I think it made me love him even more, to hear of how much he struggled and managed to conquer the animal inside him. He should be proud of himself.
I turned around, placing the picture back in its place. He looked like he was holding his breath waiting for me to say something. “So, it’s your fault that my ancestor died?” My voice was hard.
He winced at my tone. “Yes,” he whispered.
“So you held her down and offered her to the wolf?”
His face was sick at my accusation. “Of course not.” 
“Then you knew the wolf would be there and you brought her anyway?”
“I would never do that, Meg. I thought you knew—”
I interrupted, wanting him to understand where I was going with this. “Well, you said it was your fault, so you must have heard the wolf and shoved her in front of you to save yourself, because otherwise, I don’t see how you’re to blame.”
His face softened as his lips curved upward. “I know what you’re trying to do, but you won’t change my mind. She wouldn’t be dead if I hadn’t taken her out for a walk.” I could see a slight wetness. A tear, maybe, glistened from below his right eye. He wiped it away, turning his back to me.
I reached up and gently rubbed his back. “It’s not your fault. Charlotte is to blame for this. She killed her and turned you. Why don’t you see that you are as much a victim as Lucy? Maybe even more so. She’s at peace and it looks to me that you’ve been torturing yourself for over a hundred years.” I walked around and wrapped my arms around his shoulders, holding him tightly. “Forgive yourself. Because I forgive you.”
He pulled back to gaze into my eyes. “You do?”
“Yes, I do. And on behalf of every Stewart from the past, present and future…we forgive you.”
A smile spread across his face, reaching his eyes. “I love you so much,” he whispered, leaning down to kiss me with a desperation built from lifetimes of torture and blame. His fierceness both startled and excited me.
When we finally pulled apart, I sat down on the couch, suddenly exhausted.
“Are you tired?”
“Yes. I didn’t sleep very much last night. I felt guilty for what I did to you.”
“Don’t, because if you were right, and I was the one killing, I would have been proud of you.”
I smiled weakly, suddenly unable to keep my eyes open.
“Come on, go lay down on my bed. You’ve had a very long day. After everything you’ve had to take in, I think you could use a break. We’ll talk more when you’ve rested.” He picked me up in his arms. If I had the strength, I would’ve struggled, feeling awkward with him carrying me. After he put me down on the bed, he covered me up. I was asleep instantly.

I was standing in a meadow at night, all alone. My feet were bare, surrounded by overgrown clover. I could see by the faint moon’s glow that the flowers were light purple and white, the sweetness of the honeysuckle hovering in the air.
It was silent, until the hoot of an owl made me jump. I turned around toward the noise.
A rustle in the bushes near the edge of the meadow scared me and I spun again to see the long grass move. I braced myself for an unknown attack, but instead, a brown and white chipmunk scrambled out, nibbling on an acorn. I relaxed my shoulders and looked around, wondering how I got here.
The sound of voices drifted from a nearby path that led into the tall trees. I ran behind a large bolder to hide. I wasn’t sure why, but I was scared in this dark and unfamiliar meadow. I cut myself on a sharp rock that was hidden in the grass. While I pressed down on the cut to stop the bleeding, the voices grew louder.
“No, Nathaniel. I’m happy to stay with Mama and learn to be a wife. I do not need to go away to school.” The voice was soft and feminine, and by the tone I was sure she was batting her eyelashes.
“Any man would be lucky to have you as a wife.” This voice sounded familiar, but before I could look up to see who it was, I heard a low growl from behind me. I peered into a bush about five feet away, and saw yellow eyes glaring through the brush. I covered my mouth, stifling a gasp and turned back around to look over the rock and saw Nate. He was walking along the dirt path with a girl. She looked strangely like my mother. The same pale hair and fair complexion, but there was something softer about this girl. Nate was wearing old-fashioned clothes—a long-sleeved white shirt with suspenders and brown pants.
The growl came again from behind me, and I realized what was happening. Her life was about to end, and his torture was just about to begin. I stood up and opened my mouth to scream for them to run.
Suddenly, my eyes were open and I was back in Nate’s bedroom.
The dream felt so real that I looked down to see if my cut was still on the side of my foot, but I only found smooth skin when I ran my finger along it.
Flipping over on the bed, I grabbed my blue dolphin and hugged it. The stuffed toy was oddly comforting, and the dream was soon forgotten.
Lying under his soft blankets and snuggling the dolphin left me feeling content and eager to stay in bed. Nate was right. I had taken in a lot of information in only a few hours. I needed the sleep and the time to myself to process all of it. One thing that I had learned from everything Nate had told me was that it didn’t matter what came next. I would always love him no matter what. Everything he told me he went through only made my love for him stronger.
The sound of voices in the living room pulled me out of my thoughts. Even though I didn’t want to move, curiosity won out. I reluctantly crawled out of bed and opened the door just a crack. Lauren and her father sitting in the living room talking to Nate. Everyone’s head turned as I walked out. “Feel better?” Nate asked as I sat on the edge of his chair.
I wrapped my arm around his shoulder. “Much, thank you.”
“Lauren just dropped off your suitcases.”
“What? Why? And how?” They grinned at me. My brain was still foggy with sleep, and apparently had lost the ability to use full sentences.
“I want you here with me until we take care of Rowan.”
“Nate, I’ll be fine at home,” I started to argue, but he lifted his hand to silence me.
“No, you won’t. You need to be here where I can look out for you.”
When he talked to me like that, like I had no choice, my instinct was to argue. But I knew it was for my own safety, so I held my tongue at least until we were alone. I looked at Lauren. “How did you get into my room?”
“Nate talked to Mona, said you weren’t feeling well, and thought you should stay here for a few days.”
“And she believed that?”
“Nate can be very persuasive.” She smiled at him with such admiration I wondered how I missed their connection. I had known there was something between them, but Nate would never tell me the truth. I realized why Lauren seemed so happy. She didn’t have to pretend with me anymore.
When Nate smiled at me, I just nodded and looked away, feeling apprehensive by my new situation. My suitcases sat next to Nate’s bedroom door. She had packed enough for weeks.
“Will just invited us to dinner. I said yes, if that’s all right.” Nate placed his hand on my leg as he spoke.
Everyone’s eyes were on me. What was I supposed to say? “Sure, why not.”
“Great. We’ll see you two in a couple of hours,” Lauren said as she stood up, following her father to the door.
After they left, I turned to Nate, suddenly feeling awkward.
“Is there anything else you want to ask me?”
One question came to mind. “Where were you all week? I know you said you were busy, but never said with what.”
“I was looking for whoever was killing. I knew it was a werewolf, but I didn’t know who.”
“Your eyes did turn yellow that morning we heard about the death, didn’t they?”
He laughed, standing up. I fell into the chair once it was empty as he made his way the fridge to retrieve two bottles of water. He tossed me one and then opened his, one arm leaning against the kitchen island. “Yes. It happens sometimes when I’m angry.”
“And that night at my house, when your nails went long and pointy?”
“It was a full moon. That’s why I had to leave at seven. I had so much fun with you I lost track of time. I started to change, so obviously I had to leave.”
“I’m so glad I’m not crazy. I thought I was seeing things.”
He grinned. “You’re not crazy. You’re just dating a werewolf.”
I laughed, dangling my legs over the arm of the chair.
“I’m going to make myself a sandwich, you want one?” he asked.
“Sure, I’ll have one.”
As he pulled out the elements of the sandwiches, I made my way over, joining him at the island. Before making lunch, he took out some pickles and cheese to munch on. I picked up a piece of cheese and took a bite. Once he was finished, he loaded all the food onto a plate.
“Can I see the pictures you hid the first time I came here?”
“What do you mean?” He gathered the leftover cold cuts and placed them back in the fridge.
“I thought it was strange that you didn’t have any pictures of your family, and I noticed that there were marks on the shelf where pictures had been. I opened a drawer and saw one. It was old, with three young kids standing in front of Lauren’s family’s house, only it was a lot older and smaller. I didn’t look any further, but they must have been your brother and sisters.”
“Yes. I’m glad you didn’t go any further. You would have seen a picture of me, and I look exactly the same.” While he put everything away I wandered over to the end table where I had found the photos. I pulled them all out and started placing them back on the mantel, beside the one of us.
There was a picture of the whole family. It was aged at the edges and faint lines throughout, but it was still clear enough to see the people standing in front of the house. Nate’s father looked very much like him, but his hair was a shade darker. I couldn’t tell what color exactly since the picture was in black and white. He had his arm around a woman who must have been his wife, Nate’s mother. She was tall, maybe about my height, which was five nine. Her hair was up in a loose bun, and she was wearing a beautiful large corseted dress, full in the skirt, tight on the bodice.
His sisters were cute in old-fashioned dresses with their hair in braids. My mind flashed to Laura and Mary Ingalls from Little House on the Prairie. Nate stood looking very much like my dream. He was holding his little brother, a smaller version of himself. It didn’t seem real to me that this person was standing a few feet away from me. It almost looked like he went to one of those old-fashioned photographers to make you look like you lived back then.
“Lunch is served,” he called from the kitchen. I put the picture back and joined him, sitting on the stool next to the island.
“Thank you,” I said, picking up a ham and cheese on whole wheat.
“I know it’s not under the best circumstances that you’re here, but I’m going to enjoy being with you as much as possible.”
“Me too, I really missed you last week.” I was fine with telling the old Nate how I felt, but now that I knew what he was and how old he was, having accomplished so much in his long life, I felt a little insignificant.
He wrapped his arms around me and whispered in my ear, “I missed you too. You don’t know how much I love waking up in the night and seeing you sleeping so peacefully beside me. The last week has been so lonely for me. You’ve shown me what I could have, and now that I have it, I’m not letting you go. You mean everything to me.” He kissed my forehead. As we gazed into each other’s eyes, I could feel his intense feelings for me, and I hoped he felt mine. I reached up and gently touched his cheek.
He eventually pulled away, taking the seat across from me, and picked up a roast beef sandwich.
“When you shoved me behind you yesterday, did I hear you growl?”
He stopped, just about to take a bite, and lowered his sandwich. “Yes. When I saw you standing with Rowan.” He paused, shaking his head, and laughed darkly. “The man who killed my father and my best friend, something inside me snapped. I have found true happiness with you. I never thought it would happen to me, and I wasn’t sure I deserve it, but you are mine. I know how that sounds, but now that I found you I have to protect you.”
I wasn’t sure what to say, but I knew arguing was not the answer. “Well, then, from now on, be honest and I’ll know who not to talk to.”
His eyes lightened slightly. “Okay.”
We finished our lunch. I ate one in the time he ate about four. Together we cleared the mess and went outside to sit on the porch.


Chapter Twenty-four
Family Dinner

It was a beautiful, warm day and a shame to stay inside. I lay back in a lounge chair soaking up the sun’s heat. Nate, who was wearing faded cut-off jeans and a T-shirt, pulled the shirt over his head, tossing it beside him on the deck, exposing his smooth, sculpted muscles. I had seen him without his shirt many times, but every time I did I had an urge to run my hands over the bumps and divots along his chest and upper arms. He caught me staring at him and gave me a lazy smile as he lay down on the chair beside me.
I remembered something I wanted him to do while we were eating lunch. I sat up and turned to him. “Can you make your eyes turn?”
“Excuse me?” He turned his head to look at me, lifted his sunglasses, and raised an eyebrow.
“Do it. I think it’s cool.”
He gave me a weary look. “No, it might scare you.”
“Now that I know everything, I’m not scared of you. Nate, do you think I’m dumb? I have noticed a few things and it didn’t scare me away.”
“Fine.” He took the sunglasses off and sat up. I could see him concentrating and then suddenly, his eyes went from blue to yellow, just like the wolf I had talked to. Of course, they were one and the same.
“Yeah, that’s cool.”
His eyes went back to normal; he smiled and shook his head. “Here I was thinking that if I ever told you everything you wouldn’t want to be with me. But instead of being scared, you think it’s cool that I can change the color of my eyes. You’re amazing.” He laughed softly.
“Nate, I know who you are on the inside. That’s all that matters. If you went around killing people like I thought, it would be different.”
“I guess I underestimated you. I’m sorry. Lauren was right. She’s been driving me crazy trying to get me to tell you. She bugged me the whole time during graduation.”
“Why did they run yesterday in the parking lot when they saw you coming?”
“They want me to be happy and since you and I started dating, I have been. They wanted to meet the person that put a smile on my face. But they know how I feel about keeping my identity a secret. So when they saw me, they left.”
“They seemed a little afraid.”
“Did they?” He smirked. “That would be nice. They know what I am and none of my family has ever taken it seriously. They are not aware that I have killed people, and I would like to keep it that way. I know they would understand, but I don’t like hearing that what I did is okay.”
The screech of a bird sitting on the dock had me looking over. I watched as a seagull stood staring into the lake, almost willing a fish to float to the surface so it could dive down and scoop it out of the water. 
I turned back to Nate and saw him watching the same bird. “It’s not okay. I hope it never happens again, and to make sure it doesn’t, I’m going to make you eat every meal. But when I put myself in your shoes, and think about what you’ve gone through, it’s understandable. It just doesn’t make it okay.”
“Thank you for saying that. And I appreciate you feeding me. But I just want you to know that I could never hurt you. I don’t care how hungry I am. It was my wolf instincts that brought me to you, so even if it took over, it would never harm you. I need you to know that.”
“What do you mean, your wolf instinct brought you to me?”
He turned away, looking over at a maple tree that was blowing wildly in the wind. “Nothing. I’ll tell you later.” He said it absently, still focused on the tree, but I wasn’t about to let it go. He was holding back for a reason, and I needed to know the truth.
“Tell me now, Nate, no more secrets.” I sat up, lifting my legs around so my feet were resting on the deck.
He turned his head back to gaze at me. He looked worried. “I don’t want to freak you out.”
“I think I’ve done pretty well so far.”
He stared down at his sunglasses, spinning them around in his hand, obviously stalling. “All right,” he said, and swinging his legs up to sit in the same position I was, he took my hands in his and looked into my eyes. “Sadie told me some things about being a werewolf. Like wolves, our dominant sense is the sense of smell. It leads us to food, it alerts us when danger is near, and it also distinguishes the scents of people.” He lowered his voice, and his eyes shifted away from me. “When a werewolf smells a certain scent it triggers something in their brain. They recognize the scent, even if it was the first time they smelled it. They know that person…is their mate, their one and only mate. Sometimes a werewolf can go their whole lives without the scent. Some ignore it, which is what I tried to do when I smelled mine three years ago.” He reached up and lightly brushed the hair away from my face, gazing into my eyes. “You.”
I turned away, leaving his hand hovering in the air, and stood up. I needed space for a moment to digest his latest bombshell. Moving over to the railing of the deck, I leaned against it, my head hanging down, staring down at the small patch of grass. I didn’t see the blades of brown and green; I was too focused on his last words. Now I understood the look on his face when I saw him the first time, and why he bolted. I was a werewolf’s mate, for life. I was fine with the for life part; I knew I would never want anyone but him. There had never been anyone but him. But the scent thing, how he found me, was the part that bothered me.
“Did I upset you?”
I was about to answer him when a car pulled into Nate’s little driveway. Lauren opened up the door to her compact car and stepped out. “Hey,” she said, climbing the few steps onto the porch.
I simply nodded to her as I pulled a chair over from the end of the deck to keep myself busy. I couldn’t look at Nate at the moment, and I jumped at the chance of a distraction.
She sat down. “Hi, Nate. I just thought I’d come over and see how things are going.”
He looked at me, unsure. “You’d have to ask Megan that.”
She turned her gaze on me as I took my previous seat on the lounge chair.
“I’m fine. Why don’t you hang out for a while until we go up to your place for dinner?”
I think Nate understood that I needed time away from him to think. He stood up and pulled his shirt over his head. “That’s a good idea. I need to call your father to discuss a problem at the store. I’ll just be inside if you need me.” He gave me a hesitant smile and a soft kiss before disappearing into the house.
Lauren and I were silent until we heard his voice on the phone, and then the door to his bedroom close. “Did I interrupt something?” Lauren asked, moving to claim the chair Nate had vacated.
“No.”
“Really? Then why did he just run into the house as soon as I showed up?” She bent over to dig through the bag she had thrown on the deck beside her and pulled out her sunglasses.
“He just left to give me some time.”
“I thought you accepted what he was.”
“I did, and I was fine with everything. I still am, but when he told me what drew him to me, I panicked.”
“Oh, you mean when he caught your scent?”
My head spun to look at her. “You knew?” When she only shrugged her shoulders, I went on. “It makes me sound like an animal. And him sniffing me sounds like when a dog sniff’s your…you know what.”
She covered her mouth, trying to hide her laughter. “Don’t think of it like that. Think of it as love at first sight.”
I rolled my eyes. “More like love at first sniff.”
She laughed, this time unable to hide it. “I think you’re lucky. He loves you so much that he risked getting caught to protect you. That’s what it’s like for him.” She sat up and turned her body around to face me, but instead of setting her feet on the deck, she sat cross-legged on the lounge chair. “You know how a mother bear will do anything to protect her cubs. You never get between a baby and its mother, right?” I nodded and she continued. “That’s the instinct werewolves have for their mate. When he saw you talking to Rowan he risked being seen changing by the guests at your party just to get him away from you. That’s love. I’m a little jealous. No human has instincts like that. Close, but not quite so raw.”
“Wild, you mean? Like an animal.”
“He loves you, that’s all that matters.” She grinned widely at me.
I sighed. “I know, and I love him. I’ll get over it. It’s just that I’ve had a lot to process in one day.” I really just needed to stop thinking for a few minutes, and I had just the way to do it. “Do you want to go for a swim?” I asked Lauren.
“Sure. I just happen to have my bathing suit on under my clothes.”
I ran into the bathroom to change. When I came out Nate was in the living room just hanging up the phone. I stood in the bathroom doorway carrying two towels and wearing my black two-piece bikini. A mischievous grin spread across his face when he saw me. “I’m so glad I didn’t let Will convince me to go over to the house and discuss some papers, like he wanted.”
“We’re going swimming. Are you coming?”
“I’ll be right back,” he said, rushing over and suddenly standing so close I could feel his hot breath on my face. He looked down at me, his deep blue eyes turning to stormy seas.
I stepped back, startled at his sudden closeness. “I’m never going to get used to that.” How could he move so fast?
He leaned in. “Sorry.” His voice was soft, and then he was gone, the door to the bedroom shutting behind him.

After our swim, we changed our clothes and then headed to the min house for dinner. Lauren went ahead of us to get ready for her guests.
Nate let himself into the house. Holding hands, we walked into the large foyer. The sound of loud ticking drew my attention to an old grandfather clock. It looked ancient, with cherry wood that shined so bright I could see my reflection. The face was an old-fashioned design that was hard for me to read. Beveled glass covered the face and the brass pendulum below. “It was my mother’s, a present from my father for their twenty- fifth anniversary.” He stood close behind me, his soft voice full of pride and grief. 
“It’s beautiful,” I whispered, not able to take my eyes from it. I couldn’t believe I didn’t notice it the last time I was here.
“Nate, Megan, I’m so glad you could come.” Carolyn Riley, Lauren’s mother, walked toward us. Most of the Rileys were blond, and her brown hair stuck out, reminding everyone that she married into the family. She was different in other ways as well. The rest of the Rileys were tall with a bulky build, like a family full of bodyguards. Even Lauren was tall. But Carolyn was short with a tiny frame. Her shoulder-length hair was flipped up on the ends. She was dressed for dinner in a grey silk blouse and black dress pants. Long silver hoops hung from her ears. She held a champagne glass in her right hand. “Come on in and have a drink before dinner.”
She led us into their living room where Lauren was relaxing on a small couch beside her father, Will. There were two other men standing by the window. One of them was the guy who had been yelling at me alongside Lauren and her father in the office. Carolyn and another woman sat in armchairs.
Since it was just a couple of hours ago that they were angry with me, I was a little nervous. Sensing this, Nate took my hand and squeezed it.
“Megan, you’ve met my husband, Will. This is his brother Richard, and his wife Elaine.” I nodded to them as Carolyn went on, “And this is their cousin, Philip.”
“Hi, it’s nice to meet you all.”
Nate led me to a small two-person settee in front of the window. I sat down, tugging the hem of my skirt.
“Megan, we’d like to apologize to you for the way we behaved this morning. We’re a little protective of Nate. He means a lot to our family, and we didn’t understand what happened. We’re very sorry.” Will stood up, making his way to a silver mini fridge hidden under a cabinet in the corner.
“No, it’s fine, I understand.” My voice was soft, filled with nerves.
Will handed each of us a soda. “Good. Let’s start over, shall we? How was your day?”
“It was fine.”
Nate leaned in and said, “He wants to know if you were you freaked out by what I told you.”
“Oh, yes. It’s not something you hear every day.” I took a sip of my drink, mostly to do something with my hands.
“No, it’s not. Our son Nathan doesn’t know yet; he’s twelve. It’s a family secret that each member learns when they’re ready, or when the parents can trust them to keep the secret. Our fathers pass down the story every generation. We have letters from Nate’s family. Each one wrote one about Nate and what happened when he was turned. They are passed around the family when the secret is told. They are very moving and we would like you to read them.” Will stood up and walked to a large family picture. Behind it, he opened a safe. He took out a photo album and handed it to me. “You can take this with you if you’d like, and then you’ll understand why we’re so protective.”
I took it from him. “Thank you for trusting me with this.” I held the book on my lap; the silky material was soft on my bare legs.
“You’re a part of the family now. You’re his—”
“Dad, she’s a little touchy with that word,” Lauren said, standing up.
Nate glanced at me with one eyebrow raised in confusion.
Will froze just as he was about to take a drink out of his champagne glass. “I was going to say girlfriend.”
“Oh, never mind then.” Lauren sat back down.
“I think dinner is ready,” Carolyn said as a maid dressed in black pants and a white shirt stood in the doorway.



Chapter Twenty-five
Letters from the Past

I followed them into the dining room and sat between Nate and Lauren. Dinner was delicious, beef tenderloin, gravy, and Yorkshire pudding. Everyone took turns telling me how they reacted when they were told the Rileys’ Secret. That’s what they called it. I noticed that Nate didn’t like all the attention. Each time they told a story he would cringe. Of course he just smiled and laughed at something that was supposed be funny, but I could tell by his eyes that he was tired of being the center of attention.
After the fourth time we heard the story, I decided to change the subject. “So Lauren, are you going to school in the fall?” I asked, interrupting Will’s story.
Everyone glanced at me with confusion, no doubt thinking that I was rude to interrupt. I just smiled and waited for Lauren to answer. When she raised a brow at me, I motioned with my eyes to Nate. I’m not sure if she understood, but she answered me. “I’m going to Wentworth. What about you?” Wentworth was the local university.
“I’m going to work full days at the charity. I couldn’t decide what to take so I decided to take a year off.”
“We’ll be lucky to have you. Maybe you can do Nate’s job since he’ll be working at the department store full time,” Will said, forgetting about the previous conversation.
Nate focused on me. “Would you like that? It’s a lot of paperwork.”
“Yes, I’d love to. I told you I wanted more responsibility.” I smiled and touched his arm lightly. “That is, if you trust me.” I looked up at everyone. “He was nervous about sending me to the grocery store.” Everyone laughed while Nate took my hand and squeezed.
We finished our dinner and then returned to the living room for drinks. After a few, we politely said our goodbyes. 

Back at the cottage, I changed into the T-shirt I usually wore to bed. It smelled like Nate, and each time I wore it I’d take a deep breath just before I drifted off to sleep. Since my clothes had arrived, I also slipped on some cotton shorts. Despite my nap, I was exhausted and ready for sleep.
“Are you going to bed?” Nate asked me, surprised, coming into the bedroom.
“If you don’t mind, I’m really tired.” I climbed under the covers while he sat on the edge of the bed.
“Why did you interrupt Will when he was telling his story?” He gently brushed his fingers along my forehead. His touch was warm and tingly.
“Because you didn’t seem to be enjoying all the attention. I got the feeling you felt like some kind of circus freak but wouldn’t stand up for yourself. I didn’t intend to offend him. I just knew you wanted them to stop.”
He sighed. “How is it that they have known me for years and years, and they don’t understand me? You have known me a few months, and you already know how I feel?”
“Because I’m your mate.” I spit the word out.
“You don’t like that, do you? What did Lauren mean?”
“I don’t like the word mate. It makes us sound like animals. And I find the whole scent thing weird, like a dog sniffing… stuff.” I couldn’t say the word.
He laughed. “It’s not like that. It’s really hard to explain.” He paused, as if searching for the right words. “Yes, it’s triggered by scent, but the feelings are very strong. You’re the only one I will ever love. When I first saw you, it was like the room emptied out, and I only saw your face. And now, you’re the most important thing in my life. All of the instincts from my wolf side are screaming to keep you safe. That’s why I stayed away from you for so long. To protect you from me, and from Rowan.” He leaned over to gently kiss my forehead. “Do you understand?”
“Yes, I do, and Lauren told me some things that helped me earlier.”
“Good, because I can’t lose you.”
I reached up and touched his cheek. “You won’t,” I whispered.
A warm smile spread across his face. His eyes were filled with relief and joy. “So, are you going to read the letters?”
“Yes, but I want to wait until morning when I’m not so tired. Are you coming to bed?”
“In a bit. I just want to go outside and make sure everything is clear. See if I smell anything or anyone.” He brushed my hair off my forehead. “You’ve been through a lot in two days. Get some sleep, I’ll be right back.”
I must have fallen right to sleep, because I woke up later, and the bed was still empty. I went out to the living room and found Nate in the chair reading the letters. It was hard to see his face. The only light was the slight glow from a small lamp beside him but I could see his face was full of sadness. “Nate,” I said softly, standing in the bedroom doorway. 
His head jerked up, startled. “Oh, you scared me,” he said, wiping his cheeks.
“What are you doing?”
“Just reading these letters. They make me miss my family.” His voice was heavy with emotion. He set the photo album onto the coffee table. “Well, it’s late, let’s go to bed.” He started to rise from the chair, but I walked over and sat down on his lap.
“It must be hard, outliving people you love.” 
“Very, and when I think about you…” He shook his head, looking down. “I can’t bear it.” He whispered the last words so low I had to guess what they were.
“Then don’t think about it.”
“Okay.” He chuckled darkly.
I wrapped my legs and arms around him, his warmth seeping into me. “I’m here for you now. You don’t have to pretend with me. If you want to talk about your family or anything, I’m here,” I whispered, kissing his forehead…his cheeks, and then ever so gently…his lips.
As I pulled back, he thrust his hands in my hair, dragging me toward him, crushing his lips desperately against mine. I could feel the pain in his kiss. All I wanted to do was take it away. He scraped my lips with his teeth as I pulled back to take a breath.
His hot breath gave me shivers as his lips brushed my neck and traveled back up to my mouth. I felt his hands move to my back, rubbing it gently, and then his fingers slithered under my shirt, caressing my bare back. His touch was so warm it sent a buzz of electricity up my spine.
We kissed until we were breathless, and when we finally pulled apart, we collapsed into each other’s arms. I eventually fell asleep listening to his strong heartbeat.

I woke the next morning in bed with Nate’s arm wrapped around me. I felt hungry and realized with excitement that I had doughnuts in my bag. I had brought some with me when I came here. I wasn’t sure what was going to happen, but I felt guilty about calling the police. The doughnuts were sort of a piece offering for Nate.
I snuck out of bed, trying not to wake him, retrieved the doughnuts, and climbed back in before he opened his eyes. I sat up and leaned against the headboard.
He looked up at me and smiled.
“Doughnut?” I said, holding one out to him.
He reached for it, but I pulled it back. “Should I toss it in the air for old times’ sake?” I teased.
He reached up, yanking it out of my hand. “Funny.” He took a bite. “Mmm. These are just as good as I remembered. Did Mona make them?”
“Yes, she’s an amazing cook. My favorites are her banana pancakes and homemade chocolate doughnuts. I stole a bunch of these for you yesterday because I felt guilty about how I reacted when I saw you.”
“Oh, so these were a bribe for my forgiveness?”
“They were, except you said you already forgave me. Of course, now I feel bad about the whole mate thing. I’m sorry it bothered me.”
“I will forgive you anything, as long you supply me with doughnuts,” he said with a twinkle in his eye, before bending over to bite into the chocolate doughnut I was holding. When he finished chewing he said, “Seriously, though, there is nothing to forgive. Never apologize for what you feel. You had a lot to take in yesterday. I’m lucky you’re still here.” He wrapped me in his arms, nuzzling my neck. Shivers crawled up my spine.
I pulled his head to meet mine and touched his lips softly. “Are you going to the shelter today?” I moved away to sit back up against the pillows.
He leaned up beside me, taking another doughnut out of the container. “No, Julia is covering for me until I find Rowan. I’m going to go out today and see if I can catch his scent. While I’m gone, I want you to go up to the main house, so I know you’re safe.”
“Sure,” I said, leaning down to take a bite of the doughnut he was holding, as he had done to me.
“Hey,” he snarled. “Never steal food from a wolf.”
I laughed, taking another one out of the container.
Nate climbed out of bed and slid into a pair of jeans. He had been wearing boxer shorts. His muscles bulged as he pulled a T-shirt over his head. I was still staring as he turned around. “What?” he asked.
“Nothing, just admiring, is all.”
His smile was cocky. “I’m going to make some breakfast. Do you want some?”
“No, these will do.” I lifted the doughnut to my lips.
“Well, I’m going to make some eggs if you change your mind.” He turned around and walked out of the room. After I swallowed the last bite and wiped the crumbs from the sheets, I headed for the shower.

When I was finished showering and getting dressed, I went out to sit down on the couch. The album was still where Nate had tossed it before I fell asleep. I bent down and touched the smooth silk cover. It was the color of red wine with little pearls sown into the padding underneath. The pearls were in a pattern of four in a row and the words Nathaniel Riley were embroidered in the center with cream-colored thread. The material was wearing thin in some places and fraying along the edges, showing its age. But it was obvious someone took a great deal of time to make this. A picture of Nate’s mother sitting by a fire sewing the pearls and embroidering his name popped in my mind. Of course the picture was in black and white, since that’s the only way I had seen her.
I picked up the album and opened it to the first page.
“Are you sure you don’t want me to make you something? It’s no trouble,” Nate asked, scraping the last of his eggs off his plate and shoveling them into his mouth.
“I’m sure. I’m going to read these now, if that’s all right?” I rubbed my hand softly along the pearls while I waited for his answer. They felt bumpy against my skin.
“I’ll give you some privacy. I’m going to get cleaned up.” He strolled into the bedroom. I felt so comfortable here. It almost felt like we were living together. I secretly hoped after Rowan was out of the way, he would ask me to move in permanently. There was no need for me to stay at home. I was eighteen, no longer in school, and my parents couldn’t care less if I was there or not. I needed to be where I was wanted. I could suggest it to him, but it would mean more if he asked me. Which probably stemmed from feeling unwanted my whole life.
The sound of running water from the shower drifted from his room.
I turned my attention back to the letter on the first page.
Dear Riley Descendant:
My name is Emmaline Riley. I am the proud mother of Nathaniel. If you are reading this letter you know what he is. Please do not judge him for what he cannot change. Judge him for what he has done.
If I know my son, he is helping people and making a difference in this world. Nathaniel constantly takes care of others. Even as a child he cared deeply for the animals on the farm. He became so upset when it was time to sell or slaughter the cows. He always grew attached to any kind of creature. I cannot tell you haw many stray cats and dogs he brought home with him, hiding them in the barn so his father wouldn’t find out. He is the strongest and most compassionate person I know.
When that woman changed him, he tried to take his own life to protect our family. That is the person whom you know. He would risk his own life to help others. For this I am proud to call him my son. I hope in your lifetime he is happy and has found a woman to love. He deserves happiness. Treat him with respect and love, for that is how he will treat you.
Yours, Emmaline.
The letter made me smile. I could feel the love and pride radiate out of the page. For a parent to speak with so much awe about their child was foreign to me. I was glad Nate had parents who loved and cared for him so much they wanted to take care of him after they died. I knew my own parents never spoke of me like that. I pictured his mother sitting beside me on the couch talking to me. Her love for her son was visible and it was obvious where Nate got his kindness and strength from.
The next one was from his father. I wasn’t ready to read it yet. They were emotional, and I needed some time to absorb his mother’s loving words. I flipped the pages, not really looking closely, but stopped at one that was written in messy handwriting. There were little drawings of dogs in the corners that were actually quite good, considering they must be from a child. I looked at the top and saw Emmaline’s handwriting; it said: William’s letter, age eight. I hadn’t intended to read any more at the moment, but the urge to read a child’s letter from so many years ago was too strong. I laid the page down and read:

Dear person in the future,
I’m supposed to write about my big brother Nathaniel. My mama and papa just told me what he is, except I don’t believe it. They say he is a werewolf and even though I don’t know what that is, I know it can’t be true. It sounds like a monster, and my brother is not. All I know is that he is the best big brother around. I don’t see him very much because he lives far away, and works a lot, but when I do, he always smiles and calls me captain. I don’t know why, but it makes me feel important.
One time when I visited him, I snuck outside and watched him change into a big dog. I sat down on the grass to wait for him to return but I must have fallen asleep because when I opened my eyes later, he was still a dog and he was lying over me to protect me from the cold winter weather. I remember being really hot and sweaty and the doctor told my mama that it was a miracle that I didn’t die. I had something called nenomia and even though I didn’t know what that was, it sounded bad. I never told anyone that it was Nathaniel that saved me or that he changed into a dog, and he never mentioned it. But the next time I opened my eyes he winked at me, and said it was our little secret.
If what they said is true, then I want to be a werewof too, because I want to be just like him when I grow up.
I’m supposed to write something like yours truly, as mama did, but I don’t want to so instead I’ll write,
Captain William (Will for short) Riley
It was probably the cutest thing I had ever read, and for some reason I had the urge to cry for the little boy who couldn’t comprehend what was happening to his big brother. A tear threatened to escape when I heard a knock at the door.



Chapter Twenty-six
Joseph

I placed the album on the coffee table and wandered over to the door, first peeking out the window to make sure it wasn’t Rowan. A man about six feet tall with reddish-brown hair stood watching the water, with his back to me. He seemed to sense me watching and turned around, giving me a friendly smile. I opened the door. “May I help you?” I asked, blocking the doorway.
“Good day to ya. You’re Nathaniel’s mate, then?” He spoke with an accent, Irish maybe?
I cringed. Hearing the word over and over was not helping me get used to it. “How did you know that?” I asked suspiciously.
“I can smell him on you.”
Werewolf! I pushed the door, starting to slam it shut, when I heard Nate’s voice.
“Joseph! What are you doing here?” He came up behind me, touching the small of my back gently. “It’s okay, Meg. He’s a friend of mine.”
He guided me back a few steps to let Joseph in. I sat down on the chair I had vacated earlier, a little wary at meeting another werewolf.
They embraced in a quick hug. “I thought I was supposed to call you if I needed help,” Nate said to Joseph.
“I’ve just wrapped up the last opening, and it was time I moved on anyway. When you called, I thought I’d come here and stay with you for a while, help you out, if you’re needing me. I’m in the mood to kick some werewolf ass.” Joseph nodded to me. “Pardon the language, love.” His eyes sparkled with mischief, and I knew instantly that I was going to like him.
Nate gestured with his hand for Joseph to take a seat across from me, and then sat down on the couch next to my chair, reaching out to rest his hand on mine.
“Joseph, this is my girlfriend, Megan.”
Joseph gave me a crooked smile. “It’s grand to meet you, love.” His smile turned to a look of confusion as he leaned in and sniffed me. I pulled away from him and stared at Nate.
“What’s wrong?” Nate asked him.
Joseph sat back in his chair, looking around the house. “Is there someone else in the house with you?”
“No, it’s just us. Do you smell Rowan?” He was suddenly worried.
“No.” He shook his head. “Never mind me. My nose must be off after being cooped up in the car for the last nine hours.” A grin spread across his face as he turned to me. “Megan, I’m so glad Nate found you. I’ve never seen anyone as miserable as he was when I met him. He wasn’t cut out for this life. Me, I didn’t want it either, but I accepted it and moved on. No sense whining about what you can’t change. I thought I might as well have fun, right, Nate?” He looked over at his friend with a wink.
“Yes. Joseph was a bad influence, always trying to get me into trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“The female kind,” Joseph answered with a grin.
Nate rolled his eyes. “He used to drag me to bars and pubs, and then abandon me to flirt with girls only to eventually break their hearts.”
“I made a few smile once or twice before any hearts were broken.”
Nate laughed. “So you’re going to stay for a while, where’s your suitcase?”
“What kind of a bum do you take me for? I’m not going to assume you’d invite me stay.” His expression was wounded, quickly changing to a grin. “But it’s on the porch just in case you did.”
“Of course you’re welcome to stay with us, right, Meg?”
I felt a shiver of goose bumps when he said “us.” “Yes, of course. I would like to hear about this lady trouble you got yourselves into.”
Joseph’s wicked smile returned. “Ah…don’t you worry, love. Nate was a perfect gentlemen, as much as I tried to change him. I’m surprised he’s with you though. He never wanted to form attachments, worried that the blasted Rowan would find out.” He turned to Nate. “Why did you finally give in? Is it because she’s yours?”
I opened my mouth to object to being called Nate’s, but Nate spoke before I could. “How did you know? Did you smell me on her?”
“Yes.”
Nate scowled, a look I hadn’t seen on him in weeks. “I was afraid of that. No wonder Rowan found her.”
“How long did Nate ignore you for before he made his move?” Joe asked me.
“Three years. You know him well, I see. But he didn’t make a move. I kissed him.”
He looked impressed. “Good for you.”
Nate stood up, obviously uncomfortable with the conversation. “Why don’t we go up to the main house and visit with Will?”
Joseph stood up, following Nate to the door. “God, I haven’t seen him since I beat him at poker, and that was what, twenty years ago?”
Nate nodded. “About that. Get your suitcase, I’ll get the gun, and we can discuss our plan.”

The main house was quiet when Nate opened the door. “Will?” Nate yelled.
“In here.” Will’s voice floated out from the office. We took a few steps toward the door when Joseph breathed in deeply. Nate and I watched as he wandered around the foyer, sniffing. He followed some scent until he got to the staircase. He was about to climb it when Nate called to him. “Joseph, what are you doing? Is it Rowan?”
Joseph spun around. His eyes were glazed, his nostrils flared. He seemed disturbed about something. He looked back up the stairs and then back to us. He shook his head with a furrowed brow. “Nothing, let’s go.” He hurried to the door that led to the office, his shoulders tense. Something was bothering him. He pushed it open, and Nate and I followed him in.
“You still owe me twenty grand, old man,” Joe bellowed, his words dripping with laughter. 
Will, who was hovered over papers on his desk, looked up. His face held a look of surprise then quickly turned to pleasure. “Joseph! Nate didn’t tell me you were coming.” He stood up and walked toward him with his arms out. They embraced quickly then pulled apart, smiling at each other. “How did the opening go?” Will asked, leaning against the desk.
“Good, I don’t think Frank really liked me at first. I’m guessing he was jealous of how young and handsome I am.” He showed a lopsided grin that I was guessing he used a lot. “Taking orders from a fellow of nineteen was the root of it all. But after a call from Richard everything was right as rain.”
Will nodded. “He’s a little bull-headed, but a good businessman. He didn’t take the secret as well as others did. But there’s nothing he can do about it. If he doesn’t like it he gets disowned.”
I turned to Nate and raised my eyebrows, asking silently what Will meant. He shook his head, holding his palm up. I took that to mean he’d tell me later. “Um… Mr. Riley, is Lauren in her room?” I asked, realizing she might know what her father was talking about.
“Call me Will, and yes. She’s upstairs.”
“Thank you. I’ll leave you three to discuss business while I go see Lauren.” I glanced at Nate, making sure he didn’t need me for anything.
He paused, not sure if he should let me out of his sight. “Stay away from the windows.”
I rolled my eyes at him before walking out the door.
My flip-flops made a slapping sound on the marble as I climbed the stairs heading to her room. Her door was almost vibrating from the loud music behind it. I knocked, knowing she wouldn’t hear me, and then pushed it open.
She was lying on her bed, on her stomach, leaning on her elbows. Her feet were dangling up in the air behind her as she thumbed through a magazine. She was dressed in a pink Hard Rock Café T-shirt and white shorts. Her sand-colored hair was in a loose ponytail, as if she threw it up quickly just to get it out of her face. Lauren never followed the trends like most of the kids in our school. She dressed nicely but didn’t care if the jeans she had on cost one hundred dollars or twenty dollars. Fashion wasn’t important to her. Like me, it was clothes to cover the body. It was rare to find someone like that in our world.
She glanced up from the magazine. “Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you.” She leaned over to her stereo, turning the volume down to low. “What’s up? You and Nate come for a visit?” she asked, sitting up and leaning back on her headboard. I stepped over and sat on the edge of the bed.
“Actually, Nate brought Joseph over to see your dad.”
“Joseph. Who’s that?”
“Apparently, Nate’s best friend. He came to help look for Rowan, and he’s staying with us. It sounded from the conversation down there that he works for your dad’s company.”
“Joseph; it doesn’t ring a bell.” She shrugged and lifted her arms behind her head, leaning against them. “Is he hot?”
I grinned. It was nice to talk to a teenage girl, now that I was on lockdown and sure to be surrounded by nothing but old werewolves. “Yeah, if you like rugged, shaggy-haired guys with accents who seem to be always up for a good time. He’s not as serious as Nate is. Which is a nice change, but he’s a werewolf.”
“So? Nate’s a werewolf.”
“I know, but I didn’t have a choice. I didn’t know until I was already in love with him.”
“Would it have mattered?”
“Maybe.” I shook my head. “I don’t know…Probably not,” I said with a sigh. “Hey, have you ever heard of any members of your family not taking the secret as well as others?”
She frowned. “Yes. But it all comes down to money. See, my father is the head of the company, since my grandfather retired to Florida. When Granddad dies, my father will be in charge legally. He will also own half of the company. But then, of course, there’s shareholders and stuff about the business that I don’t understand. But no one in our family will ever own the whole company. See, Nate’s father wanted to be sure Nate would be taken care of after he died. So, in his will and all wills after his, it states that if someone tells the secret, he or she will be disinherited. Cut out, no money ever from Riley Department Stores. The estate is huge. Nate’s father was responsible for a lot of the stores, but after he died, Nate and his brother William bought a lot of land and buildings. So between the stores, the company, real estate, and other things I don’t know about, there is a lot of money to go around, but if you tell his secret, you get nothing.
“There’s also the letters. They make you care and love Nate, so you don’t want to tell, but mostly they let you get to know him before you find out. Most people would not do anything to harm him, but there are a few, and some in the past that have tired. They were cut out and never heard from again.” She picked up her magazine again, about to open it; instead she threw it back on the bed.
“Oh yeah, remember when I said my father will own half of the company?” I nodded. “Nate owns the other half, and there is no way to change it. Even if he wanted to. And if he dies, his half goes to Riley House. If someone happened to think they could have it all if he somehow ceased to exist, it would be a waste of time.”
“Are people really that greedy?”
“Some, yes. There normally is never an issue and I’ve never heard of one since I found out three years ago, but I guess there have been problems.” She tilted her head. “So you said this Joseph is cute? How old?”
“I’d say a hundred and fifty.” I reached over and picked up the magazine she had discarded, and was surprised to see that it was a fashion magazine.
She rolled her eyes, shaking her head. “Oh, come on, how old does he look?”
I laughed. “He said that someone at another store didn’t like taking orders from a nineteen-year-old, so I guess he was nineteen when he changed.”
“Awesome,” she said with a wicked grin.
Standing up, she flew to her closet, taking out a black fitted low-cut top. After she pulled her other one off, she shoved the new one over her head. Pulling out the ponytail she looked in the mirror, gave her hair a toss, then grabbed lip gloss off of her dresser and spread it over her lips. She turned to me. “Let’s go.” Taking my hand, she led me down the stairs.
When she reached the office, she swung the open door, interrupting Nate, who was holding the gun and demonstrating to Will how to hold it.
Joseph spun around. He stared at Lauren, his eyes intense, his nostrils flared. He started toward us and was in front of Lauren in a flash.
“Hi,” Lauren stammered, taking a step back. She seemed a little uncomfortable at his closeness.
Joseph only stared at her.
“Oh no,” I heard Nate say, who was suddenly standing beside Joseph. “Joe, can I see you out in the hall for a second?” He grabbed his friend’s arm and pulled.
Joseph didn’t appear to hear him. “Who are you?” he whispered to Lauren, oblivious to Nate, who was still tugging on his arm.
Lauren blushed, looking at me for help, but I just shrugged my shoulders. She turned back to him. “Lauren, and you must be Joseph.”
He didn’t answer her, only took her hand to kiss each of her knuckles. Nate gave up on subtlety, and yanked his arm hard. It pulled Joseph out of whatever trance he was in. He looked around as if stunned, then looked back at Nate, and quietly followed him out into the hallway, closing the door behind him.
Something about Joseph’s stare reminded me of something; I just couldn’t put my finger on it.



Chapter Twenty-seven
The Wolves

Lauren and I rushed to the door, resting our heads against the oak.
“Girls,” Will whispered loudly, disapproval dripping from his voice. When we looked up at him, he smiled. “What are they saying?”
We listened hard, but couldn’t hear them. We both turned away, walking over to the leather sofa, and sat down. “Nothing. We can’t hear a thing,” Lauren said as she put her feet up on the table in front of her. 
“Too bad.” He shrugged. “Girls, come here, I want to show you how to use this.” The gun was in his hand. We stood up and walked over to him. He held it out toward the wall. “Just point and shoot. But see this here?” he said, pointing to a lever on the top of the gun. “That’s the safety, if for some reason you’re alone and you see Rowan. The chances of that are slim, but I want you to be careful. Pull the safety up, then it’s just a matter of aiming at his heart and shooting.”
The door swung open, and Nate and Joseph walked through.
“Don’t hesitate, because that’s all it will take for him to get away or attack; just shoot,” Nate said. “But I’m never letting you out of my sight, so it doesn’t matter. But I agree with Will, better safe than sorry.” Nate wrapped his arms around me. “I’m going to go see if I can pick up Rowan’s scent. I want you to go back to the cottage with Joseph. He’s going to stay with you.”
“What about you? Shouldn’t he go with you?”
He frowned and stared out the window. “No, you’re his target. After I sent you away yesterday he told me that he would kill you, but first he was going to keep you around for entertainment.” The pain in his face at repeating those awful words was obvious. But I did tell him I wanted honesty. I heard Will curse behind me.
“Lauren, Will, stick together and don’t leave the house. Lock up after we leave, it won’t matter, but just do it. Joseph, Megan; let’s go.”
“But—” Joseph started to protest, staring at Lauren.
Nate cut him off. “No. Let’s go.” His voice was firm. I couldn’t wait to get back to the cottage to find out what was going on.
I followed them out, giving a confused look to Lauren, who shrugged her shoulders in return.
I climbed in the car beside Nate. Joseph was already in the back seat, his knees bent up with no leg room.
“What was that? Why won’t you let me talk to her?” Joe asked, sounding frustrated.
Nate glared at Joe through the rearview mirror. “Because I want you to think about it first and if you decide to move forward I think you should ask her father.”
“Did you ask Megan’s father?”
“That’s different. Will knows what you are, and he should have a say in whether his daughter gets involved with a werewolf.”
Now I remembered that glazed stare. Nate did it to me three years ago, when he first smelled my scent. “No way. Are you saying that Lauren’s your mate?” I spun around, leaned against the head rest, and stared at Joseph in shock.
He paused, about to yell at Nate again. Instead, he glanced quickly at me, then out the window, suddenly interested in the passing scenery. “Yes,” he said quietly.
I giggled. I didn’t know what else to do. Nate shot me a dirty look. He seemed stressed over this new development.
We pulled up to the cottage. Nate went in to search it before allowing me to enter. “I smell an old trail, did you pick that up?” he asked Joseph.
Joseph was distracted, but when he heard his name he sniffed and walked around. “Yeah, I’d say yesterday. I should have smelled it when I got here, but I was happy to see you.”
“It’s all right. I won’t be long.” He leaned into to me, touching his lips to mine. I held on to extend the kiss.
“Be careful,” I pleaded when I finally let him go.
He smiled. “Of course; I always am. I’ll stop for a pizza on the way back.” He glanced at Joseph. “Maybe three,” he said with a laugh as he climbed into his car.
I laughed. I’d be lucky if I got one slice with two werewolves around. Nate started the car but waited until we were inside the cottage before he took off. 
When I saw him pull away, I turned around to face Joseph. “Are you hungry? I can make you a couple of sandwiches.”
He narrowed his eyes and smiled. “He told you, didn’t he? About what happens if we change when we’re hungry?”
I was uncomfortable. It was easier to discuss this with Nate, whom I trusted. But I had to believe that Nate wouldn’t leave me with him if I weren’t safe. “Yes.”
“And now you feed him as much as you can because you think he will hurt you?”
“No. I know he won’t hurt me. But I don’t want him or you to hurt anybody else. And I know he won’t forgive himself if he does.”
“You really love him, don’t you?” His eyes searched mine for an answer.
“Yes, I do. And I am the only one he’s told about what happened in the past, when he didn’t eat properly. He doesn’t want his family to know.”
He nodded, satisfied with my answer. “I know that. And I don’t like people I care about hearing that I’ve slipped. So I will take four sandwiches, if you don’t mind.” He sat down and put his feet up on the coffee table, turning on the TV.
I took out the cold cuts and bread then began throwing meat and cheese together. I popped a piece of cheese in my mouth before making a sandwich for myself, realizing that I hadn’t eaten since the doughnuts this morning. I carried his over to him and handed him a soda.
He smiled. “Thank you, love.” He sat up and took a few bites.
After I went back to retrieve my sandwich I sat down on the couch, staring at the TV, not really paying attention to what was playing.
“What can you tell me about the lovely Lauren?” he asked, looking restless.
I looked at him with narrowed eyes. “Why? Are you going to tell her?”
He finished off his first sandwich. “I’ve a mind to, but Nate is my friend and he asked me to wait. I’ll heed his advice, for now.” He took a few more bites, basically eating his next sandwich whole. “I’ll get to know her before I decide what to do, but now that I know where she is, it’s hard to be away from her. There’s an intense pull toward her, and I’m not sure if I’m strong enough to fight it.” I could see agitation in his face. “I feel a need to protect her too.” He quickly gobbled down the last of the sandwiches and focused on the TV. An old action movie was playing on cable. I gathered our plates and placed them inside the dishwasher, and cleaned up the mess in the kitchen. I felt like this cottage was my home, and I loved taking care of it.
I heard him sigh as I sat back down in the living room. He stood up and started to pace, constantly glancing at the door as if he was waiting for someone, or about to make a bolt for it.
“Tell me about her. I’ve a need to be near her, so I’d better keep my mind busy. Is she nice? I can’t believe my mate would be one of those rich snobs. She’s pretty as a picture.”
I smiled, happy he cared about what kind of person she was. “She, like all of the Rileys I know, is very nice, down to earth, not a snobby bone in her body. I haven’t really known her long. I used to hang out with another crowd, but since they betrayed me and I didn’t really like them anyway, she’s become my friend.” I got up, making my way to the fridge to get a soda. I needed something wash down my lunch. “I don’t know much about this mate thing, but you couldn’t have found a better one, even if you chose her yourself.”
His smile spread wide and his eyes sparkled. “I’m glad.”
I made a decision that might come back to haunt me, but I suddenly wanted to do something nice for Nate’s friend. “If I call her to come down, will you promise to act normal? Don’t stand right in front of her with that glazed stare.”
“Glazed stare?”
“Like all you can see is her. I thought you were about to drool.”
“Funny,” he smirked. “Yes, I’ll behave. I’ll stay on the other side of the room. I’ll be the perfect gentleman. You’d really call her for me, even after what Nate said?” His eyes were wide, his body tense. 
“As long as you don’t tell her, I will. I can see you’re anxious about her safety and all your pacing is making me nervous.”
“Okay, call her,” he said, handing me the phone that he picked up from the table.
I took it from him, brushing his warm fingers, and dialed. “Hey, Lauren,” I said after she answered.
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Not much. I just thought you could come down and hang out with Joseph and me. Nate’s going to bring back pizza, and if you help me fight them, we might actually get a piece.”
“Sounds fun. I’ll be right down.”
Joseph whispered something in my ear. “Be careful. Get right into your car and come straight here. Joseph will be watching out front.”
I heard muffled movements, and a zipping sound from her end. “Sure, I’m leaving now.”

I sat on the lounge chair, watching Joseph pace back and forth on the deck, his bare feet making  no sound against the wooden planks. “Where is she? It’s been ten minutes. It doesn’t take that bloody long to drive down a driveway.”
I smiled. “It’s a long driveway. Besides, maybe she had something to do before she came.”
He stopped in front of me. “Well, she could call.” He sounded irritated, shaking his head, before resuming his pacing.
He was turned away from me, mid-pace, when his head spun at a noise I didn’t hear. A couple seconds later the crumpling of tires on gravel sounded beyond the corner. Then Lauren’s blue mini compact car came into view. I could see Joseph relax as he saw her pull in front of him in the driveway. She got out and slammed her car door shut. “Hey, does anyone want to play a game of Scrabble?” she asked, holding up the board game.
Ah… no, but what else was there to do? “Sure,” Joseph and I said without enthusiasm.
“Hey, Scrabble’s fun.” She took the few steps onto the deck.
“We’ll take your word for it.” I held the door for her as she walked in and set the game and her purse on the coffee table. “Nate still out?”
“Yeah, it’s been an hour. I’m going to call him.” I picked up my phone and dialed his number.
“Hello.” He picked up after half a ring.
“Hey, how’s it going? I’ve been worried.”
He sighed. “Don’t be worried about me. You’re the one he wants to hurt. And I’m fine. I picked up a trail at a hotel I think he’s staying at and I followed it to your house. It’s new, from today. I’m so glad I got you out of there.”
“What about my family?”
“I’m sure they’re fine, but if it will make you feel better give them a call to make sure.” Lauren was talking to Joseph about the game behind me. “Is that Lauren?”
I walked over to the kitchen out of ear shot, from Lauren anyway. “Yeah, I asked her to come over. I know I should have checked with you, but he was worried. How would you feel if there was danger and you couldn’t be with me? I told him not to say anything and he agreed.”
“I guess it’s fine. And you’re right. I’d need you near me. Does that mean we have another house guest?”
“I don’t know, but right now Lauren’s setting up a game of Scrabble.”
“Oh great. I love Scrabble.”
I laughed. “It must be a Riley thing. Joe and I were not as enthusiastic.”
“Well, I’m going to see where this trail leads and if it’s a dead end, I’ll be home. Is everything on the pizza all right with you?”
“As long as you don’t include anchovies in your everything.”
“Ooh, gross. I’ll see you soon. I love you.”
“I love you too.” I hung up, and then called Mona.
“Hello?”
“Hey, how are you?” I stayed in the kitchen, away from the noise. Lauren and Joe were arguing about where to put the game.
“Who’s this?”
“Funny.”
“I’m sorry, but if you’ve called for Megan she’s not here. She moved out.”
“Yeah, you’re hilarious. I just need some time away from Mom and Dad. And I think I might move out soon anyway.”
“What? You can’t do that!” she yelled. I heard Ben in the background asking what was wrong.
“Why not? I’m finished high school. I’m eighteen and I really don’t want to be there anymore. I’m so tired of them ignoring me.”
“Where would you live? No, let me guess. With Nate? You be careful, Megan. Don’t jump into anything too soon.”
“Don’t worry about it, he hasn’t even asked me yet. Anyway, I’m just calling to see how things are there.”
“Same as usual. Your parents went to Brazil for a few weeks. Did they call you?”
I tried not to let it bother me, but who was I kidding? They were my parents and I didn’t know they were out of town, let alone a different country. “Nope, but I’m sure they just forgot.”
She paused. “Honey, you know how they can be.”
“Yeah, I know, Mona. Look, I’m fine, but I should go, okay?”
“All right, honey, I’ll talk to you later.” 
Now I definitely wasn’t in the mood for Scrabble. “Megan, are you coming?” Lauren called from the table.
“You guys start without me.” I wandered over to the window, staring out at the moon. It was crescent shaped tonight. I never really paid attention to its different phases until I found out what Nate was. As beautiful as it was, my mind kept flashing back to Mona’s words. I didn’t want to care; however, being ignored by your parents wasn’t something that was easy to get over. 
I watched for Nate’s car, wishing he was here so he could wrap his arms around me. Nothing comforted me more than his warm, strong embrace.
A movement in the bushes near the driveway caught my attention. I saw a small, yellow glow that looked like an eye. I moved closer, my forehead against the cold glass, and saw that there were two yellow spots. I gasped as I realized what it was. “Joseph!” I yelled, stepping away from the window. He was beside me in a second, his smell of woodsy pine wafting toward me. I pointed outside where the eyes were and now I could see the outline of a black wolf.
“Lock the doors and stay together,” he yelled, rushing out the door.
Lauren and I huddled together on the couch, watching the door.
A few minutes later, there was a noise in the bedroom.
We stared towards the doorway, not willing to move from our spot. Rowan sauntered out, wearing one of Nate’s Everest High T-shirts and his favorite faded jeans. “Hello, ladies.” His lips were turned up in a cheerful smile, but his eyes were full of malice.
“JOSEPH!” I screamed as loud as I possibly could.
The next second Rowan was behind me, yanking me out of Lauren’s grip and off the couch. His clammy hand was pressed over my mouth. He had a wild, feral smell that burned my nostrils. “Shut up. If you don’t want me to kill your friend you’ll come with me,” he whispered, dragging me toward the door.
There was a noise outside the living room window. Rowan spun us around just in time to see a russet brown wolf dive through the window with a loud shattering crash, sending pieces of glass everywhere.
Rowan let go of me, and I ran at Lauren, pushing her down behind the couch.
I peeked around and saw the wolf stand in front of Rowan. He gave a loud growl, baring his fangs, then lunged at him, sending Rowan running out the door with Joseph chasing behind him.
I fumbled in my pocket for my phone and dialed. Lauren was huddled behind me. I could feel her body trembling.
“I just got the pizzas—” Nate said from the other end.
I interrupted him. “Rowan’s here. Joseph went after him.”
“What?”
I looked around the sofa at the broken window. There was a large wolf-shaped hole in the center with pieces of glass littering the floor and furniture. “And you’re going to need a new window.”




Chapter Twenty-eight
Sister Charlotte

“I’m so sorry, Nate. I don’t know how he got away. I traced his scent all the way to the other side of town, but he went through the bloody river and I couldn’t pick it up after that.” Joseph had apologized to me, to Lauren, and now it was Nate’s turn.
Nate hammered the last nail into the plywood that was now covering the window and then turned around to face Joe, holding the hammer loosely in his hand. “I told you it was fine. I lost his scent too. Stop apologizing.”
“Yes, but you weren’t right behind him like I was. He shouldn’t have been able to lose me.” He pounded the plywood with his fist in frustration. A loud hollow thud rang out, making Lauren and me jump.
“So, how’s the pizza?” I asked her. The two werewolves had spent most of the night fixing the window and arguing about whose fault it was that Rowan got to me and that he was able to get away. We had cleaned up the glass before Nate returned, but he rushed right out again to help Joseph, after Will arrived armed with the gun.
Will left shortly after the werewolves began arguing. They hadn’t even touched their pizza.
“It’s good. I guess we get to eat the rest of it, since no one else wants any.” She raised her voice, but the guys didn’t hear her. Now they were trying to figure out Rowan’s next move.”
“Nate!” I said loudly, just as they were about to begin another argument.
“Yeah?” he said, holding up the hammer he was now pointing at Joe.
“Are you going to eat or not? The pizza’s getting cold.”
“Oh, right. Come on, Joe, stop worrying. Both the girls are fine. And they wouldn’t be if it wasn’t for you.” He tossed the hammer into his tool box and sat down beside me.
They ate the rest of the pizza and Lauren and I convinced them to play Scrabble, telling them there was no way Rowan was going to return tonight. Especially since Nate was back and it would be two against one. For the rest of the night we played Scrabble and I lost miserably. Surprisingly, Lauren didn’t win either. Joe clobbered us with the highest score I’d ever heard of.
Nate didn’t play the first game. He was on the phone most of the time talking to Will, convincing him it was best if Lauren stay here just in case Rowan came after her. Using the argument of two werewolves as bodyguards Nate finally convinced him.
“Okay, so it’s not a good idea to play Scrabble with…what? A hundred-twenty-year-old werewolf? He’s lived so long he knows every word in the English language,” Lauren said, tossing a couple letters at Joe. The letter A bounced off his forehead and dropped into his drink, splashing soda onto the game. I laughed as I watched her wipe up her mess.
“And quite a few more, since I grew up in Ireland.” He picked up the letter Z and whipped it at Lauren. It smacked her in the shoulder, leaving a red mark on her skin.
“Hey,” she gasped, trying not to laugh. She grabbed the rest of the letters and stuffed them inside the box to avoid any more injuries. “Do you live there or here in the U.S.?” Lauren held the game out of Joe’s reach.
He leaned back in his chair, staring at the box stuck under her arm. “Here. I haven’t been home in a very long time. There’s nothing for me there but bad memories.”
Lauren’s face clouded with concern, and she forgot all about the game. “Like what?”
“Oh, I don’t want to bore you.” He waved his hand in the air.
“Is it too personal to ask how you became a werewolf?” I asked.
He scowled. “It’s not too personal. I’m sure you’ve heard of her before, since Nate and I have the same creator.”
Both of us gasped. “Charlotte Burns.” I heard someone whisper the name and then realized it was me.
“Yes, that witch took my life from me. The name Joseph Burns was moving up in my town. I was an up-and-coming journalist. I even saw the queen once when she visited Dublin. I was about to get a promotion at the newspaper when—”
I held my hand up to stop him. “Wait. Did you just say your last name is Burns? As in Charlotte Burns?”
“Yep. The werewolf that changed me was my sister.”
Mine and Lauren’s mouth fell wide open in surprise. We were speechless.
Joseph chuckled. “Shocked you, didn’t I?” He lifted his knee up, resting his arm on it, and sighed. “She disappeared for a few years and when she came back she looked exactly the same. I didn’t really think much of it since it was only a few years. My mother wasn’t happy to see her. They never did get along, but since Charlotte appeared to be fine, my mother figured she worried about her for no reason, and that she was out having the time of her life. They fought like they devil. And frankly I was tired of hearing it.”
His eyes turned yellow as he spoke, his hand that rested on the table clenched into a fist. “One night she crept into my room and told me she wanted to show me something. I told her to bugger off and tried to go back to sleep. But she lifted me out of bed and carried me like a bloody baby. She’s fairly small, with not much to her. There is no way she should have been able to lift me. She put me down outside near the edge of the forest. I was speechless. I just stared at her, at a loss for words. She smiled and asked if I wanted to get away from mother. She said I couldn’t enjoy living with the old bag since all she did was yell. I told her I was fine living with mother. She was the one who brought out the anger in her.”
His expression changed, eyes narrowing and his jaw tightening. “She told me she wanted me to come with her, said that we could travel the world and do anything we wanted. I told her no. I had a good job and a woman that I loved that I was planning on marrying one day. My rejection set her off. Her eyes changed color as she crouched down, and then she pounced on me. When she landed she was a wolf. She bit me in the arm. I could tell it was a struggle to leave it at that.”
Lauren gasped, and reached out to place her hand on his arm.
Joe relaxed a little with her touch, and continued with his story. “She took off into the forest and I never saw her until the next full moon when she explained what I now was. She wanted me to go with her. She was lonely and she missed her brother. I did at first, until I saw how she treated humans, as nothing more than her next meal. When I was with her she told me everything there was to know about being a werewolf. I left her after I found an abandoned cottage. I learned to control the urges on my own, and I was a lot happier without her.”
“Is that when you met Nate?” I asked, curious about their friendship, considering he was related to someone Nate hated so much.
“When I ran into her years later she told me about Nate. I found him in America. I felt remorse about what she had done to him and was surprised that he had the courage to turn her down. I found him on death’s door after a visit from our friend Rowan. I patched him up and we became friends, have been ever since.” We were silent for a few minutes, each of us digesting what he had told us.
Nate finally put the phone down after an urgent call from his nephew Richard and returned to the table. “What did I miss?”
“Joseph was just telling us about when Charlotte turned him and how you met,” I said to Nate, and then turned back to the other werewolf. “But Joseph, I would like to hear about some of that trouble you spoke of this morning.”
“You don’t need to hear that,” Nate interrupted Joe, who had opened his mouth to speak.
“Oh, come on, one story,” I said to Joseph, who was suddenly quiet. He smiled and then began to tell us about a time he tried to set Nate up with a girl.
After he finished and the laughter subsided, Nate felt he had to get even and tell us a few tales about Joseph’s women. Lauren and I mainly listened and asked questions. It was fascinating, hearing about the world before there was electricity and cars and everything that we take for granted. It sounded so much more simple back then. I suddenly wished I were born in another time. We stayed up late. Nate bugged us until we gave in and played another game of Scrabble. Lauren no longer thought it was that much fun with the two of them playing.
Joseph kept his word and stayed a fair distance from Lauren, although I did notice him staring at her when she wasn’t looking. I’d kick him under the table and he’d snap out of it. In only one day I became very attached to him. I felt like he was the brother I always wanted.
We eventually went to bed. Joe convinced Lauren to sleep in the spare room and he slept on the couch.
I came out of the bathroom after changing into my nightshirt. “So do you think it was a mistake for me to ask Lauren over?” I asked Nate, who was sitting in the bed with the blanket up to his bare chest.
“No, I wanted him to get to know her before he made his decision. So this was a good way. Did you notice how hard it was for him to follow your rules?”
I laughed. “Yes and they were basic rules. When he first saw her I know he freaked her out by standing right in her face and staring at her. I just wanted him to give her some space. Was it hard for you not to be near me?”
His smile disappeared. “You have no idea. When you dated Aaron Wilder and Billy Collins, I didn’t realize I had so much restraint. Lauren told me my eyes changed quite a bit during that time. I’m just glad you didn’t date either of them for long.”
Picking up my brush and making my way to the bed, I sat down and began brushing out the ponytail I had worn all day. “I only did it to make you jealous. After you came up to me that day I kept expecting you to do it again, and maybe talk to me. And when you didn’t, I went up to you. Remember? You turned the other way every time. I eventually gave up, but I was never interested in anyone else. I suppose it wasn’t fair of me to use them.” Setting the brush down onto the nightstand, I climbed under the covers.
Nate clicked out the light and turned to face me. I was so content here, as if we had been living together for years. It just felt right. I wasn’t sure how I was going to be able to leave him and go back home when this was over. Just the thought of it brought a tear to my eye.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, touching the tear and wiping it from my cheek. I wasn’t sure how he saw that I was crying in the dark. Sure, the moonlight was coming in through the windows, but it was only one tear.
“Nothing,” I said softly, suddenly embarrassed. He glared at me, telling me without speaking that he didn’t believe me. “I’m just thinking how hard it’s going to be to leave you.”
His eyes widened in panic. “You’re leaving me?”
“I mean when I go back home.”
He looked relieved. “Oh. Yeah, I don’t want to think about it. It just feels right having you here. It’s going to be hard to let you go.” I wanted to say “then don’t” but I couldn’t. It had to come from him.
He leaned in and touched his lips to mine, softly at first but gradually the kiss deepened. He thrust his fingers into my hair and used them to pull me closer. He lifted me up above him and leaned up to kiss my neck and collarbone. The feel of his soft lips on my skin caused a stirring inside me. I pushed him onto his back and wrapped my arms around him, lifting my leg up on his hip, until every inch of our bodies were touching. I kissed him with a hunger that exploded inside me. He answered my need with a matching hunger and ran his hands down my sides and then gently along my back.
“We should stop,” I whispered, only because I wanted to continue.
“You’re right,” he said softly, falling back onto his pillow. “It’s hard to keep my hands off of you. I love you so much.” His voice was a soft whisper as he gently rubbed a finger down my cheek and then my chin, until it reached my neck. His touch was so light it created goose bumps along my skin. “I never imagined I could be this happy. I knew I would love you, but in a million years I couldn’t have guessed you’d love me back knowing what I was.”
It was ridiculous how low his opinion of himself was. “Nate, I think I loved you that first day I saw you in the cafeteria. Nothing would have changed how I felt about you. At first I thought you were a killer, but that was because you lied to me. As long as we’re honest with each other nothing will keep us apart. Now that you’ve found me, I’m yours forever.”
He stared intensely into my eyes. There was love and sadness in his gaze. “Well, not forever, but long enough.” He bent down and kissed my nose. “It’s late, we should get some sleep. I want to be alert. I won’t risk another attack.”
I turned on my side and he spooned me from behind. I felt his fingers twisting my hair. “Fiery sun,” he said below a whisper.
“What did you say?”
“Your hair. It’s as yellow as the sun, but when you get close you see a faint red tinge. Just like the sun, it looks yellow from a distance, but up close it’s a ball of fire. When you’re not around I look up into the sky on a sunny day and think of you.” His voice was slightly louder, but I still had to strain to hear him. I wasn’t sure what to say to that, so I stayed silent, taking his arm and wrapping my arms tightly around it. “Good night, Megan.”
“Night,” I said, suddenly feeling sleepy. I closed my eyes and soon drifted off, wrapped in his warm embrace.




Chapter Twenty-nine
Family Heirloom

The first thing I saw when I woke the next morning was bright, piercing, blue eyes staring at me. “What time is it?” I mumbled, turning to lie on my stomach, pulling the covers over my head. I breathed deeply, basking in Nate’s scent that still lingered on the sheets. I peeked out from under the pillow to see that he was dressed in cargo shorts and a blue V-neck T-shirt. His hair was brushed and still damp. He looked fresh and ready for the day. I felt drained and content to stay buried under these blankets forever.
“Ten o’clock. I woke up a few hours ago.”
“Where are Joe and Lauren?” I asked. The words were muffled by the pillow under my mouth, but of course he heard me.
“Lauren took Joe up to the main house for breakfast. I already ate, but I can make you something if you want.”
“No, I’m tired. I’m just going to stay here all day.”
Soft fingers brushed the back of my lower left leg. I shivered from his touch.
“Are you sure you want to stay here?” His voice was soft and sexy. The fingers wandered down to the back of my knee, moving in slow, swervy lines, and then switched to the other leg. “I thought we could go for a walk in the woods today. There’s something I want to show you.”
His fingers traveled slowly up my leg to my upper thigh and I suddenly felt more alert. The thought of sleeping was now farthest from my mind. I groaned, faking annoyance. “Go away.”
His finger stopped moving, I thought he was going to do what I asked, but instead I felt his weight on top of me. “Fine, I’ll go all by myself,” he whispered, his lips brushing against my ear. His breath was hot and smelled of coffee. His fingers linked in mine, where my hands lay above my head.
I turned on my back. Nate sat up to allow the movement.
“I’m awake now, feed me.” I smiled at him, as he leaned in for a good morning kiss.

An hour later, I was trekking through the woods dodging branches and waving at the bugs buzzing around my face. They didn’t seem to be bugging Nate. I was wearing a pale pink tank top, jean shorts, and flip flops, not the best choice in footwear for hiking.
“Whatever it is you want to show me had better be good, bucko,” I grumbled at the same time I slapped my upper arm after a mosquito took a chunk out of it. It was a hot, stuffy July morning and I could tell that it was only going to get worse. I just hoped this little adventure wouldn’t take long so I could get back into the cool, air-conditioned cottage.
“We’ve barely walked ten feet. I guess you’re not much of a hiker.”
I waved at the swarm of mosquitoes hovering in front of my face. “What’s not to like?”
He laughed under his breath. “Don’t worry. It’s just around this corner.”
We were following a well-used path. The grass in front of us was worn away from frequent use and was now nothing more than dirt and the occasional patch of mud. We turned the corner Nate had spoken of, and he pushed a pine branch out of my way to reveal a small house nestled in the trees. It was a two-story, stone building that I would call a cottage, only because it was so small. The small porch looked newer against the aging stone. Obviously it was added years after the house was built. Two windows framed a screened door and an old wooden rocking chair sat in front, just waiting for someone to sit down and enjoy the view of the forest. Smoke was rising out of the chimney to complete the fairy tale appearance. I was waiting for the dwarfs to come out of the house, whistling while they worked.
“Why is this here in the middle of nowhere?” I whispered, afraid if I spoke loudly the scene before me would disappear.
“It’s where our groundskeeper lives, but it used to be the Stewarts’ house.” He paused a moment to let me process what he had just told me. I was standing in front of my ancestors’ home, where the original Lucy had lived. Now countless other Stewarts had the same name. It was surreal to stand in front of where our namesake grew up.
Nate took my hand and led me up onto the porch, and held the door open for me. The door creaked open, hitting the fridge behind it with a thud. The tiny, multi-sized magnets shook, but stayed attached. “Is anyone here?” I asked, feeling odd being in someone’s home without them.
“Martin is tending to the garden, but don’t worry, he said it was all right.” He took my hand, pulling me farther into the house. We were standing in a small cozy kitchen. All the appliances were tiny, and a wooden table, only big enough for two, sat in front of the window. There was no dishwasher, but it didn’t look like one would fit inside a kitchen so small. “Different family members wanted to expand, to make more of a servants’ quarters for people who wanted to live close to where they worked. But since the house is in my name, I told them no.”
“Why?”
“Because I wanted to preserve Lucy’s home and I like it like this. This is the way it was meant to be.”
“I don’t get it. I thought you said the Stewarts lived in my house.”
“A few years after I was bitten, my father bought it from her parents, along with the surrounding houses, to give me more room to run when I visited home. We helped them build your house the year after Jonathan sold this to my father. There were other houses, but they were torn down. My father left this one, knowing I couldn’t see her home destroyed.”
I was silent as I walked slowly around the house. The living room was decorated with worn, masculine-looking furniture, and for some reason the room was full of stuffed fish. Two were on a wooden stand on the fireplace mantel. A few more were on the walls, and even more on the coffee table and end tables. “Martin likes to fish,” Nate said, coming up behind me.
“I see that,” I laughed. It was certainly not how I would decorate, but it was strangely comfortable. There was a brown leather recliner pointed to a small TV in the corner and sitting beside the chair was a pipe. If my grandfather was alive he would be comfortable here.
We wandered up the stairs where I found three small bedrooms. I avoided the one that was occupied, choosing to give Martin some privacy, and drifted into a room with a single bed and flowered wallpaper. An old antique dresser sat under a window. There was a lace doily in the center and a silver brush and mirror lying on top. It looked as if Lucy finished brushing her hair and just went outside for a quick errand. “This was her room, wasn’t it?” I asked, gently picking up the mirror. The silver was tarnished, but the design on the back of the mirror was beautiful. The silver was raised in places to create vines around the edge, and two small hearts interwoven with the same vine design sat in the center.
“Yes. She shared it with her sister, Annabelle.”
“Was this hers?”
“Yes. I gave her the set for Christmas the year before she was killed. Her parents left it for me to remember her by.”
“Why do you keep these here? Aren’t you worried someone will take them?”
He laughed softly. “No. I trust everyone who works for me. They are like family.” He bent down to open the top drawer on the dresser. It looked empty until he lifted a thin board. It was a false bottom. A large, rectangular, velvet blue box lay inside. He picked it up and handed it to me. “But some things were meant to be kept private.”
I took the box, rubbing the soft surface, and opened it. Inside was a necklace.
“It’s a gemstone called chrysocolla. It was a gift from me to Lucy before she died. Her mother returned it to me after she died.” It was a round greenish-blue stone, surrounded by mini diamonds. It was truly beautiful. I rubbed my finger over the stone; it was smooth and cold.
“Is this silver?” I asked, touching the delicate chain.
“Yes, I bought it before I was turned.”
I couldn’t take my eyes off the beautiful necklace in my hand. I could see him smiling at me. “What are you smiling at?”
He sighed as a hint of sadness crept into his eyes. “When I bought this I was told it was lucky and would bring the owner happiness. But Lucy was wearing this the night she was killed. When I asked the woman who made it what had happened, she told me that since I paid for it, I was the owner and it would bring me happiness. Not Lucy.”
My brows furrowed in confusion. “But it still didn’t work. She died; I’m sure that didn’t make you happy.”
He nodded. “I know. That’s what I said. But she told me that Lucy wasn’t meant for me, and the necklace would someday be in the hands of the girl who was.” He gazed at me intently, then looked at the necklace still in my hand. I gaped at him, suddenly feeling overwhelmed. Instead of running away from him, like a part of me wanted to, I smiled with him, knowing I was right where I wanted to be. “I want you to have this too, but I can’t put it on you.”
“That’s fine. I want to keep it in the box for now.”
He nodded at the mirror and brush on the dresser. “I want you to have these as well. They belonged to your ancestor.”
Looking down at the items laying on the wood, they appeared to be waiting for their owner. I felt that if I took them it was some sort of stealing. “Oh no, I couldn’t. They mean a lot to you. They belong in her house.” I didn’t feel the same way about the velvet box in my hand. Somewhere deep inside me recognized it as mine, and I wasn’t giving it up.
“You’re right, they do, and it would mean so much more if you would keep them. She was your family.” He took my hands, wrapping his hand around mine, making me pick up the mirror. He was being careful not to touch the silver. He turned it until the mirror was facing up, showing my reflection. It was dusty, but still intact. My face was flushed and my expression held a look of wonder. I started to object again, but when he whispered softly in my ear, “Please.” I gave up. Besides, they were so beautiful and the idea of having something of one of my ancestors made me want to treasure it forever. It was something I would like to pass on to my children, if I had any.
I turned around. “Thank you,” I whispered, wrapping my arms around his shoulders.
We toured the rest of the house. The brush set wasn’t the only thing that Lucy’s parents left. There were some old dishes that were displayed in a cabinet in the living room, and the rocking chair on the porch was also from my ancestors.

Nate opened the door to the cottage for me. The cool air was an instant relief after having been out in the heat and the stuffy Stewart house. Lauren and Joe barely noticed our entrance. They were sitting at the kitchen table, engrossed in a card game that looked like poker. 
“Bollix,” Joe said, pounding his cards on the table. There was a wad of bills in the center. Lauren’s cards were fanned out in front of her. She smiled as she picked up the bills and counted them, and then stuffed them in her pocket. “You didn’t tell me your niece was wicked, Nate. She pretends not to know how to play and then wins all my money from me.” He shook his head and rolled his eyes. “She’s a devil woman, is what she is.”
While he ranted, I looked at Lauren, who sat across from him giggling. Her eyes were dreamy and her cheeks were red. Someone was smitten with the Irish werewolf. I wasn’t sure if Nate noticed, but I wasn’t going to tell him. He didn’t seem happy about the idea of the two of them together.
I excused myself, needing some time alone, and headed to Nate’s bedroom. I placed the brush and mirror out on the dresser I had been using and then sat on the bed, holding the velvet box in my hand. I opened it again and could no longer resist. I had to put it on. Once I took of the half-moon necklace off, I put the silver one on and slipped into the washroom to look in the mirror. It was beautiful; the bluish-green gem and diamonds were a perfect match for my skin coloring. I knew I couldn’t wear it all the time, not if I wanted Nate to kiss my neck, but for now I couldn’t help myself. I went out to join the others, showing off my gift.
Nate’s eyes darkened when he spotted me. “It’s perfect,” he whispered to himself, gazing at the gemstone. He seemed to be in a daze, staring at my neck and then into my eyes. Finally he smiled. “You’re beautiful.”
“Thank you.” I leaned in to give him a kiss.
“Uh um. You do remember we’re here, right?” Joe asked from behind us, where he still sat with Lauren playing cards. Nate and I laughed and joined them for a hand of poker. Since my new necklace was lucky, maybe I would turn the tables on Lauren.

Sometime later when the guys became hungry, Nate fired up the grill and tossed on a bunch of steaks and potatoes. I helped Lauren make a salad. Even though she grew up like me, she knew how to cook and seemed to enjoy it. “So,” I said, chopping the last of the cucumbers and sliding them into the bowl Lauren held in her hand, “how bad is it?”
She looked at me with confusion. “How bad is what?”
I walked over to turn up the tiny radio Nate had sitting on top of his fridge, hoping to drown out our conversation. Having guys around with heightened senses could sometimes be inconvenient. “The crush you have on the shirtless Irishman.” I nodded out the window to where Joe stood holding a large metal spatula. He was only wearing old jean cutoffs. Even his feet were bare. It wasn’t hard to see why Lauren would fall for him. He was ridiculously hot, funny, and obviously attracted to her. His eyes were constantly on her and I couldn’t count how many times he said she was pretty, just since I had returned from my walk with Nate.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She smiled, but refused to look at me.
“Uh huh,” I muttered as Nate poked his head in through the door. “The steaks are ready, you want to bring out the plates or should we bring these in?”
“We’ll come out,” Lauren said, suddenly blushing. “Do you think he heard?” she asked once he was out of earshot. I assured her he didn’t as we carried out the salad and dishes.

After dinner we watched a movie. It was a compromise between the two sexes, but I never saw the ending. I fell asleep and didn’t wake up until the next morning, still wearing the necklace. I removed it and put it away, I didn’t want to hurt Nate with it.
The next few days seemed to run into another. Waiting for Rowan to make his move was wearing on my nerves. Both werewolves took shifts to go out and try to pick up his scent and if they ever found one it was usually a dead end. I desperately wanted to get out of the cottage, but I didn’t really know where I wanted to go. Lauren stayed and she was just as much a prisoner as I was, even though she didn’t know it. Joe didn’t want her out of his sight and when she was out of earshot, he insisted she stay.
They continued to flirt with one another, but nothing else had happened. Lauren finally confided in me about a week after I had asked her about it.
“All right, I do,” she said as she reached over to grab the sunscreen off of the little table between our two lounge chairs. We went for a morning swim, since again, it was horribly hot. Now we were lying around waiting for Nate to get back with the burgers he had promised when he was out on his hunt for Rowan.
Joe was still floating on a little blow-up boat, drifting slowly around the lake, wearing black swim trunks and sunglasses. Lauren watched him lazily graze the dock and kick the water gently. The water splashed up onto his legs, glistening in the sun.
I turned, staring at her through my sunglasses, wondering what she was talking about. “You do what?”
“Have a crush,” she whispered, flicking her eyes from me to Joe, obviously worrying he might hear. If he did I couldn’t tell. He made no movement except a slow wave of his hand through the water.
“I knew it.”
“And I get the feeling he feels the same, but he hasn’t made a move.”
I considered it, and even though I knew the truth I said, “Well, it’s not like you’ve had much time alone.”
“Yes, we have. I’ve stayed up a few times after you went to bed hoping he’d do something, but after you guys leave he gets quiet and distant. If I try to talk to him he barely even notices I’m there.” Her face fell and her eyes were slightly red. I could tell that she felt rejected. I suddenly wanted to tell her the truth.
“Listen, Lauren, it’s not that—”
“Megan,” Joe yelled sharply, cutting me off. I looked up him; he was now facing us. He shook his head no, obviously hearing our conversation.
Lauren looked from Joe to me, her cheeks crimson, her face full of confusion.
Nate’s car pulled in the driveway, interrupting any further conversation. Joe came out of the water without looking at us, and we ate our burgers. None of us mentioned the earlier discussion.
After another movie, I went to bed before the rest of them, pulling out a book I had purchased a few weeks ago and had yet to read. I opened it to the first page and lay back onto the pillow for some private time. It had been over a week since I had any.
I was still reading when Nate came in. He climbed under the covers and into our favorite position. He lay behind me and I could feel his hand on my bare stomach. “Joe told me about your conversation with Lauren today,” he said softly. I marked my spot with my bookmark and set it onto the nightstand, turning around to look at him. The low lamp light created shadows on his face making him look mysterious. “Were you going to tell her?”
I sighed, looking up at the ceiling. “Yes. I know it’s not my business, but she looked so sad.”
“I know you care about her, but he has to be the one to do it.” He sighed, leaning in to kiss my forehead. “And I still think he should tell Will first. They’re friends and I’m pretty sure Will is not going to take it well.”
I thought about it from her father’s perspective. A guy, a werewolf, he’d known for twenty years, was in love with his eighteen-year-old daughter. Normally it would be gross, but since Joe didn’t age it added a whole new amount of weirdness. “I won’t tell her, but I don’t want her to feel rejected by him. If it gets worse he should say something to her. Admit he has feelings, but it’s not the right time or something. I don’t want him to hurt her.”
He caressed my cheek, a look of sadness creeping into his eyes. “Is that how you felt?”
I knew what he meant and I wasn’t sure of the answer. In the beginning, no. He treated me the same as anyone else. But once I got to know him, and he started his rollercoaster of moods, yes. But, I didn’t want to dwell on it again. We’d already been through this. I smiled, looking him in the eye. “It’s over. I know you love me now. That’s all that matters.” It was true what I said, but it still hurt sometimes to think about.
He smiled slightly, but the sadness stayed in his eyes. “I might have been slow to admit my love for you, but you don’t have to worry, I’m here now for as long as you’ll have me.”
I wrapped my arms around him. We embraced for awhile, breathing each other in, feeling the warmth of our bodies.




Chapter Thirty
Black and White

I must have eventually fallen asleep because sometime during the night I woke to the sound of the floor creaking in the hallway.
I climbed out of bed, tiptoeing to the door. I opened it a crack and saw Joseph standing in Lauren’s doorway.
“What are you doing?” I hissed at him, trying not to yell.
“I just wanted to make sure she was safe.”
I put my hands on his shoulders and pushed him into the living room. “Do you know how creepy that is? What if she woke up and saw you watching her? Can you please try to be a human for a few minutes?”
He stood with his head staring down at his feet, like he was a child being scolded. He was wearing a black T-shirt with a pig playing cards on the front, and black boxer shorts.
Nate came out yawning, wearing only black cotton pants. His hair was sticking up everywhere. “What’s going on?” he asked with another yawn.
“I found Joseph watching Lauren sleep. Will you tell him how weird that is?”
Nate looked uncomfortable. His eyes darted from me to Joe, then to the floor. “Joe, that’s weird.” His voice was void of feeling.
“That’s the best you can do?” I stared at him, and then turned to Joe. “Could you try to control yourself? If Nate did it, you can. Do you think he watched me sleep? I don’t think so.” I was still whispering, but my voice was getting louder.
Nate interrupted me. “Actually, I did control myself at school, but it was hard to be away from you. The first night you saw me…as a wolf…was not the first time I was at your house. I used to watch you from your window. But only as a wolf… if that helps.” He trailed off, looking extremely guilty.
“You what?” I was shocked. The Nate I knew would never do that.
“I can see that this is personal, love, so I’ll just get out of your way.” Joe started back toward the bedrooms.
I grabbed the back of his T-shirt, stopping him mid-step. “No, you get back here, and get on that couch. Do not get up again. If you want her to like you, she can’t wake up and see you staring at her. It’s weird.” He did what I said, pulling the blanket up above his head. “And you, follow me.” I pointed to Nate before stalking into his bedroom.
Once we were back under the covers. I heard him whisper, “I’m sorry.”
I really didn’t want to get into it with him yet; I was still in shock. How many times since he’d told me what he was did he say he’d be honest with me? And the idea of eyes on me while I was in my bedroom, doing my homework, watching a movie or worse, undressing…was a little unsettling. Yes, it was Nate, but still. “We’ll talk in the morning after I cool down.”
I heard him turn away from me onto his other side. “Goodnight,” he whispered.

I opened my eyes the next morning and smiled. Lying on Nate’s pillow was a single rose with a note beside it that said “I’m sorry’ “I picked it up and sniffed in the sweet scent of the flower. I had to admit, it was a nice way to wake up.
I sat up in bed as the smell of bacon and eggs drifted into the room. Remembering what had happened in the night and what I had learned, I climbed out of bed, pulling on a pair of grey yoga pants. Since we had company, I brushed my hair and then walked out to see who was cooking.
I was surprised that Nate wasn’t alone in the kitchen. Joseph was making toast and taking plates out of the cupboard.
I turned around at the sound of Lauren’s door opening. She yawned, wearing a pink tank top and cotton shorts. She had gone home a few days ago to get some things. She looked sleepy, like she had just gotten out of bed, but her hair was brushed and it looked like she was wearing makeup. “I smell food. I’m starving,” she said as she fell into step with me
Nate turned to me, and smiled warily. “Good morning.”
“Well, sit down, girls, breakfast is ready,” Joe announced as he set the plates and silverware on the table, going back to the kitchen for the toast. He sat down between Lauren and me. Nate carried the food over and set it on the table in front of us.
I avoided Nate’s searching eyes as I dipped my toast into my egg yolk. “Well, how did everyone sleep?” Lauren asked, sensing the tension.
I just continued to eat, but heard Joe answer. “I slept like a log. Nate, your couch is so comfortable.”
I looked up at him. “Really, you slept like a log? You didn’t get up in the night at all?” I asked, challenging him.
His cheeks reddened slightly as he fidgeted in his seat. “Nope.”
Nate stared at me with sad eyes. “Megan.” His tone of voice made my name alone sound like a scolding.
“So, what’s going on today?” Lauren asked, glancing at each of us.
When no one spoke she cleared her throat and continued to eat.
“I don’t know about anyone else, but I think I’ll go and spy through people’s windows.” Everyone’s eyes fell on me.
“Did I miss something?” Lauren asked me.
“Could I see you in the bedroom?” Nate asked, standing up and holding out his hand for me to take.
“No, I’m not finished eating,” I said defiantly, avoiding his eyes.
“Then eat quickly.” He was annoyed now.
I took my time finishing off my toast, taking slow bites. Everyone else was finished and was cleaning up the dishes. As soon as I took my last bite, Nate was there picking up my plate. He grabbed my arm and pulled me toward the bedroom, tossing my dish into the sink as we walked by. “Excuse us, we won’t be long. Help yourselves to the main washroom shower,” he yelled to Joseph and Lauren as he slammed the bedroom door. When he turned around to face me I was lying on the bed looking out at the lake.
“Will you talk to me, please?” I felt the bed dip when he sat down on the other side.
“What’s there to talk about? You spied on me for years. Who knows what you saw. But I just have to accept it because I’m in love with a werewolf.” I didn’t look at him, just continued to stare out the window.
“If you think I watched more than you sleeping, fully covered by your blankets, you’re wrong, and you don’t know me.”
I spun my head around to face him. “I thought I knew you, but the Nate that I fell in love with would never spy on me,” I yelled.
He rushed over and sat on the edge of the bed beside me. He grabbed my head, making me look at him. “Listen to me. Sit up and listen to me.” His tone had me doing exactly what he said, but I still refused to look him in the eye. “Your problem is that you think it’s not normal to watch someone else sleep. It’s not normal to worry about the person they love so much that it almost kills them to be away from her. Your problem is that you think I’m normal. I’m not.” I looked up at him briefly. His eyes were yellow, his face intense. “Do you know anything about wolves?” I shook my head, and he continued. “Last week you called Lauren over here because you could see how agitated Joe was without her. Did you think his behavior was typical, or did you know that was a werewolf thing?”
“I thought it was a werewolf thing.”
“And you told me before that you could understand why I killed those people, after I explained a wolf’s perspective. But can’t you understand that when we find our mates that it’s the wolf in us that found you? I smelled your scent, that’s how I knew. The wolf in me only thinks of keeping you safe, only to be with you. That’s it. It doesn’t think of personal space or if it’s appropriate not to stare in your window. There is no grey area for a wolf, only black and white. He has his mate and he wants to be with her. It was hard enough to stay away from you as a human, but as a wolf I couldn’t. I’m sorry I upset or deceived you, but this is what I am.” He looked away for a few seconds and when his eyes turned back to mine they were once again blue and full of sadness. “I can’t change that.”
“But what about our agreement to be honest? You told me there would be no more secrets, and yet I had to find out because I caught Joe doing it. How do you think it makes me feel, first of all that you watched me, and then that you didn’t tell me?”
“I did tell you, and not just because you found Joe doing it. I could have kept quiet, but because of our agreement I told you, even though I was afraid you’d react this way.” He stopped talking and sighed, running his hand through his hair. “Can you forgive me?” When I only looked away, he stood up and walked over to the door. “If you don’t want to be with me because I’m not human, I understand. I love you and I want you to be happy, even if it’s not with me.”
“I need some time alone,” I blurted, without thought.
He spun around, his face weary. “What do you mean?”
I wasn’t sure what I meant. I hadn’t even meant to say those words, but now that they were out, having time alone to think sounded like a good idea. “I need to think, and it’s hard to do that with you werewolves in the cottage. Can you two go to the main house and I’ll meet you up there?”
He shook his head, his face hard. “No. I will not leave you alone.”
“I won’t be. Lauren will be here and you can leave the gun.” His face softened a little, making me think he was considering it. “We could even call when we’re on our way, and you can watch from the house. Please, I need time,” I pleaded, now feeling desperate. The more I thought about it, the more it was true. Everything that was coming at me was hard to digest, and I hadn’t had any privacy to truly do that.
His eyes were tortured. He didn’t want to leave me but I knew he would, because I begged him. “Fine, as long as one of you carries the gun, and make sure you call me.”
I sighed with relief. “I promise.”
“After I check the area, Joe and I will go. If I smell his scent, I’ll be back.” He paused as if the idea of leaving me unguarded was more than he could bear, but he would because I needed him to. He took a deep breath as if making a decision. “I’ll lock the doors when I leave. Stay away from the windows.” With that he walked out, shutting the door behind him.
I stood up and leaned against the patio door watching the two werewolves climb into Nate’s car. Just before he pulled away he looked up and into my eyes, as though he could sense me watching him. He nodded and then pulled away.
I watched his car disappear and, remembering last week when Rowan came through this room, I checked the lock.
Staring at the lake, I wondered what was wrong with me. I was sure that I had accepted who he was. I thought that I loved every part of him. But did I? If I did, would I get upset every time I learned something new?
I thought about the three things that bothered me so far; that he had sniffed me out, that he called me his mate, and that he had been watching me for years. I knew what he meant about animal instincts; they were about survival. Like Lauren said about the mother bear protecting its cub. They don’t wonder if what they were doing is right or wrong, they just act. I understood this in theory and I thought I had accepted Nate for what he was. I loved him so much. But did I love the shell of him, the part that looked human, like a normal teenager, or did I love him, the person he was inside? Because if I loved him, I had to love everything that he was. If I accepted this new information and got past it I had to stop getting upset every time I learned something else about him that was different. Like he said he wasn’t human and there wasn’t anything I could do about it.
Could I let him go and try to find someone normal, someone like Brandon? Could I look into another guy’s face and feel the same way? I gazed out at the lake, watching the waves crash against the shoreline, trying to picture this. Finally, I had my answer and I needed to tell him as soon as possible. But first I had to get dressed.
I raced into the bathroom, having a quick shower and dressing so fast I wasn’t sure if I put on my clothes or Nate’s.
Out in the living room Lauren was reading a magazine. She had showered and was wearing a yellow sundress. “Let’s go to the main house, I need to talk to Nate,” I called as I rushed past her. I slid into my sandals and opened the door. “Grab the gun!” I yelled over my shoulder.
Lauren tossed the magazine onto the table and picked up the gun Nate had left. She held it at her side, obviously uncomfortable.
“Are you okay? He said you two had a fight,” she asked once we were outside on the porch.
“Yes. But I feel better now.” I raced down the steps, almost tripping. I was desperate to tell him my news, and I couldn’t get to him fast enough.
As we climbed into her car, she told me about a conversation with Joe she had the night before. “I think he was about to admit he liked me, but when I got a text from my father he clammed up again.” She sighed, hitting the steering wheel with frustration. “Now, I know how you felt when Nate wouldn’t admit what he felt. God, Joe is gorgeous. Has he said anything to you about me?”
“No,” I lied, unable to say any more. I was preoccupied with my decision and I couldn’t think about Lauren’s problems. I had enough of my own at the moment. We’d have to deal with hers later.
Lauren parked behind Nate’s car. She climbed out, the gun once again in her hands. I saw Nate turn away from the living room window. As I followed Lauren, I tripped on a rock and fell behind.
I was about to walk past the edge of the house when I felt a pull, and was yanked around the corner. A large warm hand covered my mouth and the other was tightly wrapped around my arm.
“Tell her to go in without you, or I will kill her,” I heard a deep voice whisper from behind me. His now familiar scent frightened me. I had a feeling that the pungent, feral smell was from his desire to kill me. “If you believe me, nod your head.” I believed he’d do anything right now to finish what he’d started, so I nodded.
When I took a deep breath, he let go of my mouth, but held onto my right hand. I stepped around the corner. “Lauren, go on without me. I forgot my purse in the car.” She turned around and glanced at me, confused.
I smiled so she wouldn’t feel she had to wait. “Okay, but hurry up.” She climbed the steps and disappeared into the house with the gun.
I was yanked back around the corner and shoved in the darkness behind the bushes. Rowan was holding my wrists with enormous strength. “Don’t worry. I’m not going to kill you yet. I have plans for you.” His eyes gleamed with need, and I knew what he had planned for me would be horrible. Bile formed in the back of my throat and a lump of terror knotted in my stomach. I wanted to stomp on his foot and run, but I knew he’d catch me. He peered around the back corner of the house and seeing that the coast was clear he swung me over his shoulder and took off running toward the woods behind the house. I tried to think of a way out of this, but I knew anything I did would only make it worse. So I lay still and made no sound, his shoulder digging into my stomach with every movement. I felt the sudden urge to vomit.
Just as he was about to run through the trees, I heard a voice. “Stop, Rowan, or I will kill you.” Rowan stopped and turned around.
Nate stood in the center of their well-manicured lawn pointing the gun at him. He smiled viciously. “Put her down.”
“I don’t think so.” He started to turn away. A shot rang out and a bullet pierced the tree beside his head. He turned around and laughed. “Are you serious? You think a bullet will kill me?”
Nate nodded toward the tree. “Look at it.”
Rowan hesitated, but leaned over to examine the bullet. He reached for it and when his fingers touched it his skin sizzled. “Silver,” he hissed as he pulled his finger back.
“You’re not the only one who can find silver bullets. Put her down, or I will shoot you.”
Rowan wavered as Nate walked slowly toward us. He glanced at Joe, who stood with his arms poised at his sides ready to fight, and then he looked back at Nate. The gun was steady in his hands, a look of pure hate and determination in his eyes.
Rowan made a low puffing sound, and then threw me. Wind whipped against me as I was flung incredibly fast up into the air. I closed my eyes and screamed. I didn’t want to see what I landed on.
My scream was cut off with an “Umph” as I landed safely in someone’s arms. I knew who caught me before I opened my eyes. The strong, firm arms were familiar. I opened my eyes and saw Nate staring down at me with a look of relief and guilt.
When we turned around we saw that Rowan was gone.
“I won’t lose him this time,” Joseph yelled running after Rowan.
I wrapped my arms around him tightly and when he sat me down on a chair on the patio he had to pry my arms apart. I felt his hands on my face. “Are you all right? Did he hurt you?”
I shook my head, but didn’t speak.
“I’m so sorry I left you. It doesn’t matter if you were mad at me, you should have been right by my side. From now on I’m not leaving you. You got that? You’re stuck with me.”
I looked up at him and smiled. “I’m okay with that.”
He sighed, yanking me into his arms and hugging me tightly. “Oh God, I thought I’d lost you. When Lauren came in and told us she was sure he was out there, I panicked.”
“Lauren knew I was lying?” I asked, my voice muffled by his shoulder.
“She said you told her you went back for your purse, but she knew you didn’t bring one. Is that why you said it?”
“Yes, but I wasn’t sure if she would understand.”
We heard the sound of someone running in the woods. Nate pulled me up and shoved me behind him.
Joseph came out of the trees. “I lost him. It was like he ran around in circles so I was chasing trails that led to one another.” He turned to me. “Are you okay?”
I nodded. “Yes, he didn’t hurt me, just jostled me around on his shoulder.”
Nate took my hand and led me to the house.




Chapter Thirty-one
Determined

Once we were inside, Lauren burst out of the office. “Are you all right, Megan?”
“Yes, thanks to you.” I let go of Nate’s hand as I was pulled into a tight hug from Lauren. The smell of her papaya shampoo was comforting.
“I’m so glad you’re not dead. I was afraid when I heard the shot outside, but Dad wouldn’t let me go out.”
I gave her another hug then turned to Nate. “Can I talk to you alone for a minute?”
“Sure, come into the den.” He took my hand, leading me to a doorway near the front door. I saw Joseph and Lauren head into the office as Nate closed the door behind us.
The walls were lined with awards won by Will and the company. A few were Lauren’s, from what looked like soccer and baseball when she was a child. On the other side were shelves lined with trophies with the name Nathan Riley scrawled on the front, Lauren’s brother, whom I had yet to meet since he was away at summer camp.
Nate sat down on the edge of a plush burgundy chair as I prepared what I wanted to say.
I spun around with my hands clasped together. “I’m sorry about earlier. You said I have to decide if I love you as a whole, because you can’t change what you are, right?”
“Yes, and it’s true, but since you were almost taken from me I can’t bear to be without you.” He stood up and his arms went out, about to wrap them around me.
I raised my hand to stop him, I wasn’t finished. “I will accept what you are, even the weird things. I have to. I love you and I’m not willing to give you up either.” He smiled, taking a step closer. I took a step back; his smile disappeared. “But, you have to remember you’ve been dealing with this for what? One hundred and twenty years? I’ve only known for a few weeks. You’re going to have to get used to me freaking out at something strange, but that doesn’t mean that I will leave you. Eventually this werewolf thing will be normal to me, but for now, you have to accept that I might not always be okay with everything.” He smiled, his face turning from worry to pure joy. I stepped toward him until I was standing a couple feet away. “I don’t want someone normal. I want you.”
He laughed. “That’s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.” He took my hand, drawing me to him. “That sounds good to me, because I’m sorry, you can’t go anywhere. Like I said before, you’re stuck with me.”
“And like I said before, I’m okay with that.” We grinned at each other, knowing that nothing could tear us apart.
He leaned in to kiss me with a desperate need, holding on to me tightly, as if someone was going to rip me out of his arms.
Just as we were about to take things further, the door swung open, and Joe and Lauren walked in. Lauren had a portable phone in her hand.
“Sorry for interrupting, but Mona’s on the phone,” she said, handing me the phone. I had given her this number if she couldn’t reach me any other way.
Nate let me go, sitting back down on the chair.
“Hello?”
“Hey, girl, there’s mail for you and I just made brownies. Why don’t you and Nate come for a visit?”
After almost being abducted by a deranged werewolf, speaking to Mona felt like a different life, and picking up mail and eating brownies sounded very trivial. But maybe that’s what I needed. “Sure, sounds good. We’ll be over soon.” I hung up, glancing at everyone in the room. “Who wants brownies? Mona says I have mail and she just took a batch out of the oven. Who’s in?”
“Brownies? Count me in,” Joe said from a small sofa he was sprawled out on.
“I’ll pass. I’m supposed to call Ally today. She’s been texting me and said if I don’t call her back, she’ll come here. I don’t want to risk it,” Lauren said, and I nodded. I really didn’t want to involve anyone else I cared about.

I let Joe sit in the front seat. I was tired of his whining about no foot room. I looked out my window when we drove through town, desperate for a change of scenery. The lake and woods around the Riley estate was starting to lose its beauty after a week of isolation.
The streets were busy with students out for the summer, shopping and loitering around the sidewalks and alleys. I longed to walk along the streets with Nate, to window shop and maybe stop for ice cream at Polar’s ice cream shop. I hadn’t been out in civilization in days.
Nate pulled into my driveway and parked next to Mona’s car. Ben’s black truck was nowhere to be seen; he must have been out getting supplies; I’d have to come back to see him another day.
I left the werewolves out in the car. I wasn’t sure what was taking them so long, but, I was suddenly eager to see Mona. As soon as I stepped in through the kitchen door I was struck by the smell of chocolate, but no Mona. The room was empty. “Mona!” She didn’t answer. She must be in the bathroom or the other side of the mansion. The pan of brownies was cooling on the stove, and my mail sat in a pile on the table.
“Wow. That smells good. Where are they?” Joe said, walking in the door behind Nate.
I nodded over at the pan as I picked up my mail. “Mona!” I yelled again, flipping through a bunch of junk mail. Joe carried the pan over to the table and sat down. After he cut a few slices he handed one to Nate, who sat across from him at the table.
While Nate and Joe argued about who had the biggest piece, I noticed a blank envelope with my name handwritten in the center. The postmark showed my aunt Brenda’s name and address in the top right corner. I loved my aunt; she was my dad’s sister and we both agreed that my father’s parenting skills were severely lacking. She lived in California and had been bugging me to visit. As I ripped the envelope a low moan came from the hallway. The arguing behind me stopped.
Nate jumped up and ran through the door. “Mona!” he shouted. 
I followed him into the hallway and saw her lying on the hardwood floor. Her head was squished against the wall and she was lying on her side. Her face was beaten badly and covered in blood. “Oh my God, is she all right?” I panicked, rushing to her side. “What happened?” She moved her head slightly, but only moaned again.
“It was Rowan,” Nate said quietly from behind me just as Joe came into view.
“Yep, he stayed out in the hallway and with the smell of the brownies we couldn’t smell his stench from here.”
Nate bent down on the other side of her and felt her pulse. “She’s alive.” He stood up, pulled his phone out of his pocket, and dialed 911.
After he told them the address he hung up. “They’re on the way.” He stuffed his phone back into his pocket, just as we heard a loud smash from the rear of the house.
Joseph took off in the direction of the noise.
Nate picked Mona up and carried her to the bench in the kitchen and laid her down. “You stay here, and wait for the ambulance. I’m going to help Joe.” He ran down the hall that led to the back door.
I reached over to pick up the pillow at the end of the bench and placed it under her head. “Mona, can you hear me?” I asked, touching her face. She looked so frail, so unlike her. She was a strong woman who could handle whatever came at her, as opposed to my mother, who would fall apart over anything.
“Mona, wake up. Please. You have to wake up.” I picked up a towel and ran it under the water to wipe the blood from her face.
Mona coughed and opened her eyes slowly. “Megan, is that you?”
Oh, thank God, she was okay. “Yes, Mona, I’m here. I can hear the ambulance. You’re going to be fine.” I wiped the rest of the blood off of her face, exposing a bruise that was just starting above her right eye. Her bottom lip was beginning to swell and there was a cut on her left cheek.
“He’s evil. Be careful,” were the only words she said before she passed out again. I really hoped Rowan would pay for this. Who did he think he was, toying with people’s lives this way? Hurting Nate just because he asked him to stop killing. Mona was right, he was evil. Now I understood how Nate felt all these years and why he refused to form attachments. It wasn’t fair to Nate or to me, or anyone we knew and loved. He had to be stopped. He had to die.
The paramedics came in through the door and lifted Mona onto the gurney. “What happened?” a woman asked; she looked about thirty. She was wearing a uniform with her long blond hair pulled back into a tail. Her partner was an older man who was short and round.
I didn’t know how to answer without them sticking me in a padded room, so I played dumb. “I’m not sure. I came home and found her this way. Is she going to be okay?”
The man examined her, feeling her midsection and listening to her heart, then lightly touching her arm that was bent in an unnatural way. “Yes. It looks like a few cracked ribs and severe bruising. But the broken arm looks like the worst. They’ll check for internal bleeding, but I think she’s fine.” The woman held the door as the man pushed her outside.
“We’re taking her to the hospital now. Are you coming?” the woman asked, stopping in front of the door after her partner and Mona disappeared around the corner.
“No. I have to wait for someone, but I’ll be by soon.” She nodded then followed her partner.
I picked up my phone and dialed Nate; it rang and rang. “Pick up,” I pleaded, aggravated that he wasn’t answering. I sighed as I hung up, looking down at the floor. I was about to turn around and head out the kitchen door, when I realized what I just saw.
Through the crack at the bottom of the door were black military boots. I had seen them when I looked down quickly and hadn’t acknowledged it until I turned around. I started for the door again, this time humming a tune as if I hadn’t a care in the world.
As soon as I made it outside I took off running as fast as I could. I got as far as the back yard when Rowan grabbed my shirt and pulled me so hard, I fell to the ground.
He sneered down at me, shoving me with his foot to turn me around. I’d be bruised tomorrow if I wasn’t dead. “Hi, Megan. Funny running into you here.”
“Where are Nate and Joe?” I sat up on the ground, glaring up at him.
“I imagine they’re on the wild goose chase I sent them on. I had fun running around your house leaving my scent so they would think I left out the back rear door.
“You didn’t even hear me sneak into the kitchen after I made that noise. I can’t believe how easy it was fooling your boyfriend. I thought it would have been a challenge after all this time, since he had time to learn, but I guess not—” He didn’t have time to finish his sentence. A large russet wolf lunged at him, knocking him down. I sat up and stared at the two of them fight. Rowan shoved the wolf off, who I believed was Joe, and started to run. Joe pulled him down again, grabbing his shirt by his very large fangs. Rowan turned and grabbed Joe’s head and held him in a headlock.
“Come on, let’s get you to the car.” Nate took my hand and started to lead me down the lawn, heading for the driveway.
“Where did you come from?” I asked him as we rushed to the car.
“We got about a mile away before we realized it was a trap. Hurry, we have to get the gun.” He put his hand on the car door just as we heard a horrible sound. It was a cross between a scream and a howl.
We tuned to see Rowan walking away from the wolf, who was lying on the grass with blood oozing out of him. Rowan threw a bloody knife onto the ground. “Let’s play,” he snarled, jumping into the air, exploding into a black wolf. His clothes ripped to shreds all over the lawn. Nate followed suit and met him in midair.
I leaned against the car, shocked at what I saw in front of me. The sound was horrible. The two wolves were crazed; growling, snarling, and biting. There was blood everywhere. I knew there was something I was supposed to get out of the car, but I was paralyzed with fear by the wolves who were savagely trying to kill each other.
It was difficult to see exactly what was happening. Their movements were lightning fast. All I could do was gape at them with my heart in my throat with worry for Nate.
It seemed to go on forever, but suddenly one of the wolves lay still on the ground. I stared in horror when I saw which one.
The black one stood up and turned around to stare at me. It satisfied me to see that there were bloody gashes all over his body. The satisfaction disappeared when he smiled at me, showing his bloodstained teeth. Then he stood motionless, looking down at the ground for a few seconds before his body started to shake. The fur began to retract and its paws turned hoof-like, then into hands. It was so disturbing, I had to turn away when bile started to rise up in my throat.
I turned back around and saw Rowan smile at me. He was naked and covered in blood. He started toward me with a leer on his face.
I ran towards him, trying to get to Nate. “Nate!” I screamed.
Rowan caught me, dragging me to Nate’s car. I struggled at first, but it didn’t do any good. He barely noticed. “Don’t worry, they’re both alive, for now. I want him to know I killed you before I kill him.”
He opened the back door of the car and threw me in. My head smashed against the window. It hurt so bad I held my head in my hands while he climbed in and started the engine. Now that we were moving I lost my chance to open the door and run like I had planned.
He didn’t get very far down the long driveway before a tan wolf, whom I knew was Nate, dove onto the hood, shattering the windshield. Rowan lost control and the car spun, throwing Nate to the ground.
After what felt like forever spinning around in a circle, the car suddenly stopped abruptly, causing it to flip. The noise was deafeningly loud; metal bending and windows smashing. But when we stopped, it was eerily quiet.
We landed against a tree, sideways. I was lying against the passenger door in the backseat after being tossed like a rag doll. My body ached, my head was screaming.
Glass was everywhere; all over my clothes, in my hair and my mouth. I spit the glass out and brushed the rest off of my body. Then I pushed myself up so I could see if Rowan was dead. I was disappointed to see his hand move. He was lying on the steering wheel. His body was twisted in an unnatural way. He moaned, pushing himself up. I realized the only way I could stop him from killing me was to make him think I was already dead.
I lay back down on the floor and held my breath. I couldn’t stop my heart from beating, but I hoped he was in too much pain to hear it.
I heard movement. The leather seats squeaked as he pushed himself forward to look over the seat at me. A few seconds later I heard the squeak of the door and a loud sound of ripping metal as he pulled the door off its hinges.

Thirty-Two
Blood and Dirt

I didn’t hear anything for a few minutes; no footsteps, no shuffling. He was quiet. The silence made me nervous, wondering what he was doing. I was about to look up to see what was happening, until I heard his voice. “Nathaniel, wake up.”
I slowly crawled toward the back window, being careful to keep quiet, so I could see what he was doing. I watched him kick Nate, who was lying on the gravel driveway after being thrown from the car. He had changed back to his human form. I was worried that the impact of the fall might have killed him until I saw movement in his eyes. I remembered his words—“it’s hard to kill a werewolf”—and sighed with relief.
Something hard dug into my knee. I felt with my hand to see what it was, and I touched cold metal. It was the gun. I turned my head back outside to see what was happening.
Nate was leaning up on his elbows now, trying to get up.
Rowan stopped in front of him. “Guess what, Nate? Your precious mate is dead.”
Nate gasped, spinning around to look for me, his eyes full of pain. Rowan kicked him again. “Now it’s your turn,” Rowan growled as he lunged into the air in the opposite direction. The wolf landed about ten feet away then turned back to look at Nate. With a low growl he lowered himself to the ground to stalk his prey. He took a few steps, growled, showing his fangs, and dove into the air once again. Nate braced himself for the attack, giving up.
The sound of Will’s voice came into my head: “Point and shoot.” So I did. The gun exploded in my hands, the impact throwing me into the leather seat behind me.
The wolf landed on Nate, knocking him down. There was no movement at first, but then suddenly the wolf jerked and was shoved off, landing on the ground. Blood poured out of the wound on his shoulder.
Nate sat up. His eyes fell on mine and a smile spread slowly across his face. He stood up and started toward me.
There was a growl behind him. The wolf was getting up onto his feet.
I aimed again and pulled the trigger. He fell onto his back, blood spurting from his front leg. Okay, so I wasn’t the best shot; all I was doing was ticking him off.
The wolf looked at me, growled, and then dove at Nate again.
I threw the gun in the air. Nate jumped for it and swung around, shooting the wolf in the heart. This time he fell down on the ground in front of Nate and didn’t get up again.
Nate gave the wolf one kick to make sure he was staying down this time. When the Rowan didn’t move, he rushed to me and stopped in front of the trunk, where I still leaned against the back seat. “Are you all right?”
I nodded, unsure if it was true or not.
“You can come out now, he’s dead. It’s over.” He peered at me through the back window. Where there once was glass was now a gaping hole. The shattered glass lay all over the seat and on my legs.
He was waiting for me to speak and I tried, but I couldn’t form words in my head. So much had happened in only a few minutes it was hard to process it all. “It’s okay. I’m okay.”
He bent down and looked into my eyes. “Are you all right? Can you talk?” He gently touched my head and rubbed my hair soothingly. “Megan, are you all right? Say something.”
“You’re naked.”
“Am I making you uncomfortable?” he asked with a laugh. “I have a change of clothes in the trunk.” He reached through a hole of the trunk and pulled out some clothes.
I turned around and glanced out the window to make sure no one came down the driveway.
“You can turn around now.”
I did as he said. He was wearing a grey T-shirt and jeans. “Can you get me out of here? I’m afraid if I stand, the car will fall over.”
He nodded, reaching into the car to pull me out.
When I was standing in front of him all my emotions returned. I wrapped my arms around him, kissing his cheek, his eyes, his nose, until I reached his lips. He held me tightly against him and kissed me with such passion, I was dizzy.
“Excuse me. I’m hoping I’m not interrupting this romantic scene, but I’m hurt. The jerk stabbed me with a silver knife. There’s a dead wolf laying in Megan’s back yard and a car the shape of a pretzel in the driveway, but don’t be minding me now. Carry on.”
We turned toward the voice and saw Joe standing behind our patio set, waving his arm in the air as he spoke. He was covered with blood and dirt, holding his side where he had been stabbed. “Oh yes, and I’m naked. Do you think maybe you can wait to make out until after we clean up, and find something for me to wear?”
As Joe rambled on, Nate was staring into my eyes with a smirk on his face. “Yes, I have extra clothes, I’m a werewolf. Just don’t come any closer; I think Megan has seen enough naked werewolves for one day.”
That was the understatement of the year. I could have gone without seeing the first werewolf, but second one was just fine.

I watched Nate and a fully clothed Joe straighten out the car and shove it in the woods until Nate could have a tow truck come and get it.
A blue mini compact car drove up the driveway, stopping in front of me. The window rolled down, and Lauren leaned out. She lifted her sunglasses up above her eyes. “They’re really going to put a dead wolf in my car, aren’t they?”
I nodded. “Yep, they don’t want to bury it around here, which is fine by me. They’re going to bury it in the woods by your house.”
“One of the perks of being a Riley,” she said with a huff. “Are you coming?”
“No. I’m going to get changed and cleaned up. I want to go to the hospital and see how Mona is doing. I’ll be by tonight.”
Nate and Joe lifted the wolf into Lauren’s trunk. Joe climbed in the front seat and Nate gave me a quick hug before he got in the back. “I’ll see you later?”
“Yes. I just need to see how she is. Don’t worry, I’ll be by tonight.” I waved as they drove out of the driveway. 
After I showered and changed I looked at myself in the mirror. My eyebrow was scratched and a bruise was forming on my check. My wrist was sore and I had scratches on the palms of my hands and knees from crawling around in the shattered glass. But besides the dull headache, I felt good. I was free to drive in my own car—well, Mona’s—until I got mine back from Nate’s house. But I no longer needed a bodyguard.
The only problem was I would also be able to go home. I shoved that thought back as I grabbed my purse and left to go see the woman that was more my mother than my biological one.

Mona was asleep inside her sterile hospital room when I arrived. I sat down on a plastic chair to watch her. Her face was swollen and bruised to the point that I didn’t recognize her. Her right arm was in a cast, but she wasn’t hooked to any monitors, which I took to be a good sign. I worked up the courage to get closer. Her eyes opened and she smiled. “I wondered when you would come.”
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here sooner, but I had a run-in with the guy that did this to you.”
Her expression turned to worry.
“It’s fine. He’s gone, and he won’t come back. Where’s Ben?”
“He went to get some lilac bushes for the backyard. I finally got ahold of him, he’s on his way.”
I leaned over her, touching her poor, mutilated face. “I’m so sorry this happened to you.” A tear fell on her cheek. I wiped my face before any more fell. “He was a guy that had a problem with Nate, and he wanted to hurt me. I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t apologize anymore. It’s not your fault. I’m just glad he didn’t hurt you.” Her lips were swollen, so when she spoke her voice was muffled, but it would take more than a bad beating to keep Mona from talking.
“Are you hungry? I could go get you something.”
“You know what? I could really use a slice of Luigi’s pizza.”
“You got it. I’ll be right back.”
I ran to the elevators and out the front door. The pizza place was just across the street from the hospital so it didn’t take long before I was back in her room.
“One medium pepperoni pizza,” I exclaimed, setting the steaming hot box on the counter under the window. The smell of tomato sauce and greasy cheese filled the tiny room. I took out a slice, placed it on a plate, and held it out for her. Her appetite appeared to be normal, so hopefully it was only her face that was affected. She looked so awful I wanted to cry every time I looked at her.
We ate pizza and talked. I couldn’t tell her everything, but I wanted her to know that Rowan wouldn’t be coming back to hurt her.
She informed me that my parents were still gone on their trip to Brazil and wouldn’t be back for another week. I told her that my mother had finally texted me a few days ago to let me know they were gone.
Ben came in just as we finished eating. I left to give them privacy.



Chapter Thirty-Three
Wanted

I drove to Nate’s house. Even with the fading sunlight it was easier to find the small road from the Riley’s driveway now that I had been staying there. I pulled up in front of his house and parked Mona’s little Miata behind my car. I’d have Nate follow me home so I could bring back both cars. 
I climbed out and let myself into the cottage that had begun to feel like home.
It was quiet and empty. “Hello?” I yelled. There was no answer, just silence. I was sure I told him I’d be back around seven. I looked down at my watch and saw that it was seven fifteen. “Nate?” I called again, peeking into his bedroom. There was still no answer. I noticed a note on the island as I walked past the kitchen. I picked it up and read: Meg, I’m out back. Come and join me. Nate
I went out the back door, standing on the deck as I looked for him. The beach was empty, but the boat we borrowed from Will was floating on the water beside the dock. There was a light coming from the galley below.
I stepped off the deck and walked over, flipping off my sandals into the air. They fell on the edge of the beach, one landing on the grass and the other face down on the sand. The cold wet sand slipped through my toes with each step I took.
The boat bounced as I hopped onto the dock. The water made a sucking sound as the waves crashed against the boat’s hull. “Hello?” I called, leaning over the railing.
Nate poked his head out of the doorway. “Hi,” he said, climbing up onto the boat’s deck. He stood in front of me, leaning down to give me a long, amazing kiss that left me out of breath.
“Well, hello to you. What was that for?” I asked, staggering a bit from the effect of his kiss.
“I’m happy to see you. I haven’t been away from you for more than an hour in over a week.” I took the hand he held out and let him pull me up onto the boat with him.
“I missed you too.”
“How’s Mona?” He brushed a strand of hair off my cheek.
I sighed, the image of her battered face flashing in my mind. “She’s tough. It looks like he just mutilated her face, and her arm has a slight fracture. But the rest of her is fine. Her arm and face will heal, she’ll be all right.”
He guided my head against his shoulder. The sound of his heartbeat was loud in my ear. “Will you? Be all right, I mean.”
I considered his question before I answered. “It’s going to take a while before I stop feeling guilty about Mona. Other than that, I’ll be fine, as long as I have you.”
He gently rubbed my hair. “Oh, you have me, all right.” We looked into each other’s eyes for a few beats, and then he grinned. “Well, come on, we should go before it gets too dark.”
“Where are we going?”
“You’re going to take me for a moonlit boat ride.”
I pulled away. “You’re on.” I stepped up to the steering wheel.
He started the engine and backed us away from the dock. Once we were safely out in the open, and there was nothing I could run into, I took over.
The breeze felt crisp and clean against my skin, and the wind whipping through my hair was thrilling. I felt all my troubles wash away. With Rowan gone I could finally move on and be happy without the constant worry of him showing up and killing me or someone I love. I could live in this moment, spending time on the boat before it was returned to Will. It was strange that he leant it to Nate so often. “This is your boat, isn’t it?”
Nate came up behind me, wrapping his arms around me to help steer. “Yes, but I couldn’t tell you. What eighteen-year-old owns a twenty-four-foot speedboat?”
“Good point.”
Nate led me off the lake and into a creek that was covered by dozens of willow trees. The falling sun shone through cracks of the treed canopy. I stopped halfway in, letting the boat drift. Nate handed me a drink that he pulled out of the built-in cooler. We sat on the deck sipping our sodas, and while the frogs and crickets sang, Nate filled me in on what happened after they left.
They buried the wolf deep in the woods, and then went to Rowan’s hotel to clean it out and pay for the room. They didn’t want an investigation on Rowan’s disappearance.
We were in deep conversation and didn’t notice that we were losing light until the sun had already gone down.
“Holy crap, it’s dark,” I whispered. In the complete darkness it seemed wrong to speak out loud. The limbs of the willow trees kept the moonlight out. I couldn’t see Nate, who sat only inches beside me. I heard what I guessed was the lid of the cooler snapping open, a click, and then suddenly the boat was filled with light. A small lantern sat on the floor between us. Nate was smiling, his face in shadows, and his normally bright blue eyes black. He looked haunted.
The boat glided slowly down the creek. I pulled out the blanket and covered myself, lying down so I could look up at the sky through the cracks. Nate lay down beside me. The gentle motion of the boat swaying was soothing.
We came up to a gap in the trees. “It’s almost a full moon,” I said, looking up at what looked like a complete circle, but I knew it couldn’t be since Nate was in his human form.
“Yes, I’ll change tomorrow night.” His voice was soft, almost relaxed. 
“Will you and Joseph change together?”
“If he’s still here. It’s more fun to change when you have someone with you. He likes to race to see who the fastest wolf is. Unfortunately, he always wins. And he never lets me live it down.”
I laughed; it was nice to hear him speak with some fondness for who he truly was.
“You seem happy tonight, almost content. I’ve never sensed that from you, even after I found out what you are.”
He gave me a lazy smile and looked up at the sky for a few seconds before he answered me. “I suppose I am, content, I mean.” He leaned up on his elbow, resting his head on his hand. “I have feared Rowan for a hundred years. Always keeping my distance from people I love, always looking over my shoulder for fear he’s back, ready to kill me or someone I care about. Now that he’s dead I feel liberated, free.
“I know I still need to be on guard. There are other werewolves out there like Rowan, who are bored with their long lives, and live to torment. But for tonight, I’m going to relax, gaze up at the stars with no worries, and the woman I love beside me.”
He leaned above the lantern to kiss me softly, his face glowing red; he looked like a scary jack-o’-lantern. “You have no idea how hard it was for me, for those few minutes after Rowan told me you had died. I never want to feel that again, I felt empty. It was different than before I got to know you. I was miserable not being with you, but after we kissed for the first time, I knew I could never go back to that. I had finally let myself be happy, something I had neglected for years. But now that I had it, there was no way I was going to let Rowan, or anyone, take you away from me. But when I thought you were dead, my body felt like a vacant shell. Like I had died too. You don’t know how happy and relieved I was when I saw your face after you shot him.” He touched my face softly. “Megan, I love you so much. Please don’t ever leave me.”
Tears ran down my cheeks as I embraced him. “I’m here, and I’m not going anywhere.” I gave him a kiss that I hoped was full of the tenderness I felt at this moment. I wanted to reassure him that I was here and not going anywhere, for a while anyway. I loved him so much. I understood how hard it was for him, to think someone else he loved was dead. I wanted to tell him that he would never lose me, but I couldn’t because we both knew that I was only human and one day I would die. Instead we kissed, and for a short time we forgot the inevitable.
We snuggled on the boat under the fleece blanket for hours, glancing occasionally at the stars through the gaps in the trees.

I don’t know what time it was when we finally made our way back home, but I woke the next morning beside him. His arms were wrapped tightly around me. “Good morning,” he said, kissing the top of my head.
I turned around to face him. “Good morning. Are you going into Riley House today?”
His face turned sad. “Yes, I told Julia I’d be back as soon as I could. I have to leave in an hour. Are you going home?”
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded. “I guess so. I should get up and pack. Is Joe staying at the main house?”
“No, he’s coming back later. He’s going to the office with Will for the day. But since he’s found Lauren I think he’ll be staying for quite awhile. Are you okay with that?”
“Yes. I like him a lot. I can see why he’s your friend.”
He smiled, playing with the ends of my hair. “He really helped me after Rowan shot me and killed Sadie. It’s great to have a friend who understands me.”
“I’m glad you have someone like that in your life.”
I climbed out of bed and grabbed my suitcase from the closet. Nate had a shower while I packed. I was thankful for the privacy. I didn’t want him to see the tears streaming down my face as I shoved my clothes roughly into my suitcase. I so longed to hear him tell me he wanted me to stay. But I was going to have to get over that.
I heard the muffled sound of my cell phone ringing. I lifted up various shirts and pants that were thrown on the bed as I had folded and packed. By the time I found it, the ringing stopped. It was under Nate’s pillow, and I had no idea how it got there. I picked it up and saw Lauren’s number displayed on the face of my phone. Before I had the chance to call her back, it rang again. “Hello.”
“Why didn’t you answer?” she demanded from the other end.
“Because I couldn’t find it, and I’m packing.”
“When are you leaving?”
The answer was stuck in my throat. The word “Soon” was all I could manage.
“Well, come back tonight, because I told Alli that we’d meet her, Lily, and Eddie at Manic. You and Nate bring Joe. I want to make him jealous.”
I smiled. It seemed our roles were now reversed. Not long ago she knew the truth about Nate’s feelings for me, but couldn’t say anything. And now I found myself in the same predicament. I desperately wanted to tell her how much Joe felt for her, but I knew it wasn’t my place. I told Nate that I wouldn’t say anything, but I really hoped Joe would do something soon. I knew how much it hurt when the guy you loved acted like he liked you one minute, and then the next he couldn’t care less.
“Not tonight. It’s a full moon.”
She cursed softly and then sighed. “Fine, I’ll call her back and reschedule for tomorrow night. I’ll come over and keep you company while the guys turn into wolves. We can watch a movie.” She laughed into the phone. “How about An American Werewolf in London?”
I snorted. “Very funny.” We hung up soon after. 
When he finished in the bathroom, I took my turn in the shower. As I blow-dried my hair I could smell bacon cooking. He was making breakfast for me for the last time. My eyes stung with the threat of more tears. I shook my head. What was wrong with me? I was just going home. It would be the same as it was before I brought my stuff over. Why did I have this feeling of dread in the pit of my stomach?
I dressed in a black tank top and black shorts. I was feeling low so I dressed accordingly.
I pulled my suitcases out into the kitchen and set them beside my chair. “Thank you,” I said as he placed a heaping plate of bacon, eggs, toast, and hash browns in front of me. Although I wasn’t sure how I could eat all of it; my stomach was in knots.
I ate as much as I could, and what I couldn’t eat, Nate finished for me.

The dishes were put into the dishwasher, the table was cleared, and now all that was left for me to do was leave. I walked slowly to my suitcases, pulling the handles up. He stood behind me, giving me an awkward hug.
“Thanks again for breakfast. Maybe after I unpack I’ll come by the shelter.”
He nodded. “Okay. I love you,” he said, leaning down to kiss me.
“I love you too.” I pulled out of his embrace, no longer able to prolong the inevitable, and then grabbed the handle of my suitcase, pulling it along the floor. I opened the door and started to step out onto the porch.
“Don’t go,” I heard him whisper. At the sound of his voice I froze. “Please, don’t go. I wanted to be able to let you, let you have your own life and still be together like a normal couple. But I can’t. I can’t be without you. Please, I want you to stay with me.”
I turned around at the sound of those words I’ve been longing to hear.
“You want me?” I whispered. He nodded, his eyes full of pain. “You want me to live here…with you?” I asked again.
“I know it’s not what you’re used to. I can get a bigger place or build onto this.” He stretched his arms out, looking around the cozy living room. “You’re eighteen and you finished high school. Your parents can’t say anything.” He took a few steps toward me. “Please, I can’t bear the thought of waking up and seeing an empty pillow next to me.”
I smiled, dropped my suitcases, and ran into his arms. “What took you so long?” I said, peering into his face.
“What do you mean?”
“I’ve been waiting for you to ask me to live here with you in this perfect cottage, since Lauren first brought my suitcases here.”
His face shone with happiness. “Really? Does that mean yes? You’ll live with me?”
I nodded. “It means yes,” I said and kissed him.
He pulled me closer, lifting me up and swinging me around the room. My heart soared. I finally had what I’d always dreamed of, someone that wanted and loved me.
Nate was the family I had always longed for.
###


Acknowledgments

Again, I have many people that helped with this new novel. First, I would like to thank my mother, my sisters Debbie and Brenda, and my cousin Tracy for being my guinea pigs and reading this for me. Their input was a great help. 
To Ashley Stoyanoff, author of The Souls Mark: Found, for all of her pre-editing and advice.
Again to my husband, Brad, and children, Josh and Megan, for being patient with me while I was locked up in my room writing. I love you all.
And to Stephanie Mooney for creating such a great cover, and Christine LePorte for doing the final edit.



About the Author


Christina Smith is a wife and mother of two. She lives in a small rural town in Ontario, Canada, where she spends most of her free time writing. 





