
Rite of Passage

By

Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III

A Contemporary Tale of a, 
Rite of Passage

For Boys who love “Wild and Woolley Adventures


Copyright 9/15/2020


  Smashword Edition
 License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Other works may be priced for purchase or offered free and may have limitations to reproduction without Author’s permission or may need additional purchase from your ebook retailer.


Chapter 1
The New Kid on the Block


The First day of school was as first days of school go routine.  You have your half day where you learn your class schedule, find your classroom, meet your teachers, get your syllabus, and text book. For returning students it is not so bad considering you know your school floor plan and most of the teachers are the same with exception to new teachers or staff.  In the Apple Valley High school building students going from the junior high second floor to the mysteries of the Third-Floor high school, you do have some adjustments in finding your classrooms. For New students to the school-system it’s can be a difficult time learning where everything is.  For Ava Brooks, it was just the opposite. She had come from a larger school system in a much larger town where the school buildings where much more modern, on one floor spread over a large campus.  In her old school you often found yourself doing a daily one- hundred-yard dash to get from one class to the other.  At Apple Valley High is was much easier to go from one class to the other with the number of students, and classrooms being situated in a compact building.  It did help her that she had gone online and printed up a floor plan of the building and had been studying it for days since moving to Grand Apple Valley Junction last week.
As a new student it was always the first few days of awkwardness as a new student and stranger in town. She had no other extended family members such as cousins, in Grand Apple Valley Junction. So, she was going in blind when it came to knowing anyone.  In the week since she and her mother moved into town. Ava has been busy with unpacking, and helping her mother adjust to a new home environment. Ava’s Mother, Emily Brooks was confined to a wheelchair since last year’s Auto accident. Everything from the below the waist was crushed when she was pinned in the car.  She was a remarkable women in Ava’s opinion for adjusting to her confinement, and acceptance of her limitations. Except she wasn’t limited to her mind, or the waist up.  Together they had worked together to meet the challenges as Mother and Daughter. The insurance settlement from the at Fault Driver of the gravel truck and construction company had gone a long way in providing Emily Brooks with the Mobility equipment she needed in assisting her in not only a motorized wheelchair, but a portable lift device to aid her in getting into and out of bed, and a van with a lift, and special handicap driving assists so she could continue to be mobile so she and her daughter could lead as normal a life as possible. Ava was trained to use the special driving assist as well. The move to Grand Apple Valley Junction was another move toward that normalcy.  A single floor home with a ramp. A wheelchair accessible shower unit, and a kitchen designed for handicap access for cooking, doing dishes, and getting into cupboards.
It was a far cry from the 3rd floor apartment in the city, with an elevator that didn’t always work all the time, and outdated bathroom which made it a chore for Emily to bath and use the facilities. Ava was starting the 11th grade that year. The last year had been rough on her schooling with the challenges of helping her mother to recover and adjust to her new challenges.  This year would be different for both of them.  Her mother more independent and working at home now would make life much easier for them both. Ava was an outgoing teen, always found herself easy to make friends, and kept a level head on her shoulders.  She wasn’t a girl that went out for the prom queen role, nor was she a plain Jane either.  In the brain department she was a bit nerdy but managed to not let that define her. She managed to play most  girls sports okay but found Valley Ball her preferred choice of play. She liked Drama class and Art class, and she was well rounded in all her subjects.
Emily Brooks was much like her daughter, though not shy to show her nerdiness. She was a graduate of Michigan Technological University with a bachelor’s degree in computer Networking and System Administration and a BS in Cybersecurity.  Her job before her accident was in Data processing and Cybersecurity checking for viruses, and hackers.  Now she was working from home as an independent contractor, checking data servers for weaknesses, and security attacks for several small client companies. 
Ava’s first half day at school went by fast, and she did make a few new friends in school in the lunch room before leaving school.  One group of students was Denny McKelly, and his Twin cousins Charley and Roy Capp.  The Twins introduced her to Harper Smith and Madison Taylor, current girl acquaintances and friends of theirs. The Twins where not ready to call them Girl Friends just yet. They had known Harper and Maddy since the 3rd grade.  Ava took a shine to Denny right off the bat. Maddy whispered in Ava’s ear.  “Denny is a bit shy around girls, but he will warm up to you soon enough.  He has his challenges though, but a great kid to have as a friend.” Maddy told her.
“What kind of challenges Maddy?”  Ava asked. 
“Oh, not for me to say.  When he warms up to you, he will be the first to tell you. Don’t worry it is not like he is guy or something.” Maddy told her. 
“O’, that wouldn’t bother me if he was Maddy, I knew a boy back in my old school who was, he was a friend and okay, at least you didn’t have to worry about him hitting on you.” Ava laughed.
“Gee, I never thought of it that way. I wonder if the Twins are gay. Harper and I have been wondering why they haven’t hit on us. Beginning to think, we must be ugly witches or something.” Maddy admitted.
“Maddy, where I come from if a boy doesn’t notice you it isn’t that they are Gay. For some it is just waiting for the girl to hit on them, sort of like getting a signal that the girl is interested in them first. Then watch out, you might want to carry some mace with you after that.” Ava suggested to Maddy.
“Hmm, you might be right, maybe we should take the first step. As my grandmother would say, to catch a man you need a big club to knock them senseless, and to make sure they don’t wake up ravishing your honor. Excuse me I think I need to tell Harper to find a big club. I don’t think the Twins will be expecting the ambush, but it could get the message across.”  Maddy went off to talk to Harper.
“Ava, I couldn’t help but overhear what you told Maddy. My cousins will be in for a bit of a shock, they have been debating what their first move should be with those two.  Aunt Nellie tried to tell them to stop debating and start wooing them.  Though I think Maddy and Harpers approach will work faster on the Twins. So, Ava, what brings you and your Parents to Grand Apple Valley Junction?”
“It’s just my Mother and me.  I never knew my father he was a firemen and lost his life in a fire a year after I was born.  It’s been just me and mother since, Denny” Ava told him.
“I don’t remember my mother either, she had her problems and had to give me up into the care of my Aunt Nellie when I was four years old.  Mother had her personal demons for many years until she died four years ago. My Father witnessed a murder by a notorious crime boss, before I was born, he had to go on the run to hide from the crime boss to protect us. He eventually died a homeless man months before my mother died.  I have a loving Aunt who has been my surrogate mother, my cousins and their parents who have been all the family I have.” Denny told Ava.
“Maddy told me that you had some challenges in life though she didn’t tell me what they were.  I understand what challenges are and how you either succumb to them or your rise above them. My mother was in a terrible accident last year.  Lost the use of her legs, and now depends on a wheelchair.  It’s been a tough year for both of us. We came here for a new start, and a better place to live that can accommodate her challenges in a wheelchair.  Our old place wasn’t handicap accessible and on a third floor with an elevator that seldom worked.” Ava told Denny.
“What do you think of our little town, Ava?” Denny asked her. 
“I haven’t had time to see it.  Been so busy with unpacking helping mother set her computer station and work area up. She is a private cybersecurity contractor now, with several clients she is working for from home.  She will be checking their Data bases and servers for weaknesses and hacking attempts for small companies in the region.  She has two bachelor’s degrees, in the field of Cybersecurity and Computer Networking and System Administration.” Ava said.
Denny was about to respond to Ava, when the Twins came rushing up to the table, they were sitting at in the lunch room. “Denny,” Charley yelled.  You got to protect us, Maddy and Harper have gone wild on us. Demanding we take them out for a date this weekend.” 
“Charley, isn’t that what Roy and you have been trying to get the nerve up to asked them out on a date.” Denny asked the twins.
“Yes, Denny, but it’s just not natural for a girl to asks us first. They told us if we didn’t take them out on a date, they will find clubs and knock us senseless until we do.” Roy said.
“I like to find out who told them to find clubs and force us to date them?” Charley said.
Denny pointed to Ava.
“There they are Maddy.” Harper yelled.
The twins took off out of the lunch room.
Ava asked Denny. “Will the Twins forgive me.”
“Probably not.” They both laughed.
***

Jake went to Teddy Sikes Funeral with Sheriff Capp.  Sean Treewaller and Douglas Lake managed to make it back to Grand Apple Valley Junction in time.  The Original Grand Apple Valley Adventure club kept to their promise to always be there to say there final farewell to a fallen friend.  James Walker was the first to fall, there original leader.  Teddy though dealing with his demons, was always in the thoughts of the G.A.V.A Club members.  Andrew Capp had to deal all too often with Teddies demons as the county sheriff.  No matter how hard he tried to convince Teddy to quit drinking and get help. Teddy would often listen and try to stay dry.  But that demon would not let him go. Since his wife died of cancer three years after Billy was born. Teddy took a swirl downward into drink.  The best Andrew could do these days was be there for Billy when Billy would call the station for help when he father was having a worse time of it usually around this time of the year on the anniversary of Billy’s mothers death.  Andrew knew that one day he would be called upon an accident scene and find Teddy wrapped around a tree or worse taking out a family in a head on collision. No amount of tough love could get Teddy Sikes to stop drinking. Billy had no immediate family around, for so many of them had given up on Teddy.  Billy stuck with his father, though many family members thought he was a fool do so.  Billy asked Andrew to give the eulogy.
Andrew focused on Teddy’s youth and his earlier years as a young adult, He talked about how Teddy was so proud of becoming an expecting father.  How he doted over his son Billy and he bragged about the first time Billy as a baby called him Daddy.   Teddy had a good side to him, and he had his faults.  Life would not be life with our shortcomings.  One of the good things in his life was his son Billy, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, and the friendships he had with its members.  Those who are still with us today are here now to remember the Teddy we knew as a good friend.  Andrew turned to Billy was sat next to Jake. 
“Billy,  it is those good times we need to hold on too, to help us forget the bad times when there was a Teddy Sikes we didn’t know and couldn’t understand the why and reason in his later life he chose a different path in life. We all know he grieved the death of your mother. Some men never get it over it, others focus on those left behind. His troubles are over Billy, and we can all put that behind us now and remember who Teddy Sikes really was,  a proud father and good friend to us all. May Theodore Sikes, find that which he lost, back in the hands of his loving wife, and loving mother to his baby boy.”  The pallbearers Andrew, Sean, Douglas, Jackson Lake, Grandfather Tom, and Jake Lake carried Teddy to his final resting place next to his wife and mother of his son. Billy said his goodbyes to his Father and told his mother to forgive his troubled life, left the cemetery remembering the man his was not what he had become.
***

Jake later that evening took time to stop by Billy’s place before reporting to his evening shift at the station.  He found Billy packing up boxes, stacking them up. Walking around in a daze. “Billy Sikes, what is going on here? Why are you packing?”
“I am sorry Jake, but I can’t afford to keep the place.  It was in my mother’s name. Dad managed to keep up the second mortgage on it.  But now, I can’t afford it on my wages at the drug store. It’s too big for just one person. I have to sell it.  The bank assured me that there will be some equity in the house, so I should have something to get a fresh start on.  I will rent a room at the Walker Inn, most of this stuff I will put into storage, eventually sort it out and have a yard sale or something next summer.” Billy explained to Jake.
“Billy why didn’t you come to my Dad, I am sure he can help you with an apartment in town.  I know the Walker Inn is a fine place to visit, but it’s not a place you can call your own, cook a meal in, or have a party with your friends.  In fact, I’ll encourage dad to buy this place from the bank, give you the best dollar for its value.  It is his business after all.  Better yet, why don’t you come and stay at the mansion, it will be like good old times when you used to sleep over.  Well, maybe not like good old times, we are not the teen hellions we used to be.  I am sure my parents will love to have you around until you can settle in elsewhere.  You need to be around people, and Mom will just love to smother you with tons of affections, and plates full of her best cookies.  Remember her best cookies, we couldn’t get enough of them. Always sneaking down to the kitchen after lights out and looting the cookie jar.” Jake reminded Billy.
“Your mother always pretended how irate she was when she would find the cookie Jar empty the next morning. Then turn around and bake a whole new batch for our next raid.” Billy remembered.
“Then let’s not disappoint her. You grab and overnight bag, and I will drop you off at the mansion on my way to the station. I’ll call her now and have her start a batch of cookies.” While Billy packed a few things, Jake called his father and told him of Billy’s situation. He agreed that he could help Billy out with buying the house and getting him started out with a new place.  Jake told his Dad to tell mother, to start baking cookies for the cookie jar.  His Dad, told Jake, she has been baking cookies for the last 3 days, waiting for you to bring Billy home.
“Dad has Mother been taking ESP lessons from Aunt Nellie” Jake asked. 
“Who do you think told her to start baking cookies.” His dad said.
***

Now for those readers who haven’t read any of my previous Grand Apple Valley Adventure club stories.  Aunt Nellie is an elderly women, though she doesn’t see herself as elderly.  Has a canny way of knowing just what a person is doing or should be doing, as if she can predict the future.  She is not one you can sneak up on and expect to surprise with popping a balloon behind her back.  Roy Capp her great, great grandnephew has learned that all too often when he would sneak up on her, and she would spoil his fun by telling him he better not pop that balloon or else.  He even once claimed she was fey and once ran away from her screaming.  Now Aunt Nellie is an Irish born women, a member of an old noble Irish clan.  The McKelly clan of Ennis, in the Republic of Ireland.  She has always claimed she had a Great, Great, many Great Grandmother Lorna Zoe McKelly who was known to be fey, and could curse you well into a Thousand years, after you died. Roy believed her. You will have to read Book Three “The Old Girl Goes Batty” where the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club visit Ireland with Aunt Nellie.
Now for you who don’t know what the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club known as the G.A.V.A Club is a group of young teens who started out in book one “Having a Summer Lark”,  where they find treasure, and rescue the school bully from danger.  In Book two, “The Copper Ore Lodge Mystery” they are rescued after being trapped in a cave in, in an old mine caused by some ruthless men.  Book four Changing of the Guard see’s the older teens back at the Copper Ore Lodge where they rescue a retired FBI Agent from her kidnapper.   Aunt Nellie is a pivotal character in all these stories with a secret past as a former British Mi-5 agent with many a wild and Wooley stories of her adventures, those that are not classified still.  You will find in this story last book of our series, our teens are now young men, in high school, seniors, juniors and freshmen, and Two of their older members on their own as adults.  They all live in a small town called Grand Apple Valley Junction where there are two rivers flowing through it.  The Apple River the largest and the Grand River the smallest.  The high school is called Apply Valley high. As you have already read, school has started for the fall, and as tradition would have it. The G.A.V.A Club will have a summer adventure. But the real adventure started on the first full day of school that fall.
***

Maddy and Harper had just arrived in the lunch room. They were looking for the Twins who seemed to be avoiding them since this morning’s first period in Home room.  They had lost track of them yesterday when they both bolted out of the lunch room and headed for home. Maddy spotted Denny setting with Ava Brooks and both girls went over to join them. Denny looked up and spotted Maddy and Harper coming this way.
“Trouble coming Ava. You started it, and I think it best you have a talk with the two before they end up driving the Twins away for good.  I know you meant well when you encouraged them to take some initiative in getting Charley and Roy to notice them. But I fear Maddy may have taken it the wrong way.” He told Ava.
“You might be right Denny, I suspect I might have created Frankenstein monsters who are out of control.” Ava told Denny.
“Denny McKelly, where are those no-good cousins of yours.” Maddy asked Denny.
“I don’t know, honestly I don’t know. Did you check the men’s room?” Denny said.
“Funny, Denny, did you expect us to go into the men’s room and cause a panic. I sent in Donald Creavy to check it out for us. We are still waiting for him to come out the chicken.” Harper said.
“Ava, don’t you have something to say to the girls.” Denny pleaded. 
“Maddy, I may have led you to believe yesterday that it was proper like to take a strong stance in getting the twins to notice you. What I meant was that you needed to pour on some of that charm we girls always have in getting the boys to notice us.  I didn’t really mean for you to threaten them with a club.  I think you might have scared the twins away for good.  I am sorry to have misled you.” Ava apologized.
“O’ that is just great Ava, now what will Harper and I do now?” Maddy asked. 
Denny offered his advice.  “You got their attention, you need to as Ava said use your feminine charm to convince them your sorry for being so forward with them.  I assure you as their cousin, they are interested in you.  That’s all I hear at home.  There are just a bit inexperienced at this stuff.  Maybe a letter of apology I can give them will help. Don’t be to mushy, be sincere about your feelings about them.  That might encourage them to come out of hiding. They just need encouragement to come out of their shell.  I don’t think they expected two battle maidens to threaten them with an ultimatum of you will date us, or else we will club you senselessly.  It was kind of funny though, I never seen the twins so scared before of two girls.” Denny told Maddy and Harper.
Maddy and Harper sat down at the table looked at each other and started laughing.  Maddy said. “We were kind of pathetic and desperate.” She told Harper.
“Again, I am sorry you two for giving you the wrong signal there.  I didn’t expect the twins to panic either.” Ava confessed.  “ I was just picking up on the Twins signals that they wanted to ask you something yet couldn’t find the courage to ask.  Denny’s right, a letter of sincere apology might encourage them to stick their heads out of those shells they wear on their backs.  My mother would call it a shell of male pride.  Nothing wrong with a man wanting to take the first step toward a relationship.  I do believe you have put a crack in that shell though. So, I guess backing off and letting them take the next move would be best.  Just don’t expect it to happen today or tomorrow.  If you really like them that much it’s worth waiting for them to come around.  Hey, you better get your lunch before the cafeteria closes.” Ava told the girls.
“Thanks Ava, Denny, we have the last class of the day together so, Harper and I will have our letters ready for you.  I am sure the twins will be tired of hiding in the men’s room by then.” Maddy said.  Maddy and Harper went to get lunch.
“Thanks, Denny, that was rather profound of you to suggest a letter of apology.  I think it will go a long way with the twins pride and give them the courage to step out of their shell.” Ava said.
“They better or I will take a club to them myself.  Aunt Nellie and I are getting sick of their moaning and groaning around the house.  They even asked Brian last night what to do, and he is not the kind of guy to have the best advice about girls.” Denny said.
“How do you mean Denny?” Ava asked. Denny whispered into her ear. “O’, your right, I bet Brian had a good laugh.”
“Aunt Nellie and I both.”
***

“I tell you Mrs. Brooks, you got to be wrong.  I am sure Gabriel Green is an honest person.  I have known him for years. He was my Father’s Junior Vice President of accounting when my Father started this company. When I took over after my Father past on, I made him my Financial Executive Officer.” Mr. Wyatt Young explained to Emily Brooks over the phone.
“I am sorry, Mr. Young, but my security check shows that there is a possible virus on his server in accounting.  It did not originate from outside the company. It has all the telltale signs of being planted from within his department.  Only two people have the security codes to get into your servers and beyond the firewall from inside the company. Mr. Green and you. I have no access beyond that firewall, only the ability to scan for viruses, and any signs of hacking the server or someone trying to breach that firewall. You agreed that as your cybersecurity officer, that my protocols require that my system will record any suspicious activity by your employees, from the top down. As a routine check I checked your internal logs back for five years to find any patterns of wrong doing as a base measurement to my system alert logarithms.”   
“There is always a telltale sign, an entry log that records a permanent record of anyone in the company accessing the server and the firewall. It leaves a signature of who and when they accessed the server. Any attempt to hack the firewall code leaves an alert as well, telling me who and when.  There has been no such hacking attempt outside or inside the company in the last five years to date. The logs does tell me that on June 1st of 2019, that someone used the authorized code to access the firewall, it was shut down  approximately, for 45 minutes at 2:15 A.M. I did a check on the servers amount of data stored on the server at 2:00 A.M. that morning.  It showed no decrease as if someone were deleting or removing files but adding data in the tune of one Terabyte to the server.  The log also tells me that the firewall was accessed from Mr. Green’s office on his company assigned computer using his code.  I know for a fact from you that you were out of the county on company business that week between July 28th until June 4th. The logs show no access from you during that time into the company servers from abroad.
I also checked the accounting department server command and data processing parameters, what they are storing and what they are being programed to do on a daily basis for accounting. Which is recording all financial transactions between your clients, vendors, payroll, checking and savings.  Twenty-four hours after June 1, 2019, those parameters changed. The kind of change a virus creates when someone is diverting money from the company in such a way, that it wouldn’t show up on your printouts, monthly, quarterly, or yearly financial reports.  If that virus had come from outside the company, it would have been detected sooner by people like me. When it is an inside job, it’s harder to detect unless you have someone like me who knows what they are doing.  I will admit, it could be someone in Mr. Green’s office who somehow got the security code to the firewall.  It could have been a tech in your IT department.  The fact is it came from Mr. Greens office and with his security code. Your security code and his require an additional password which is different from his and yours which the log shows it was Mr. Greens password, not yours.” Emily Brooks explained to Mr. Young. 
“Then it is possible then that someone else other than Mr. Green is responsible Mrs. Brooks.”
“Yes, it is possible, you won’t know until you do a physical audit and an electronic audit of your books. Those audits would show any discrepancies between the two.  You would have to hire two outside reputable Audit firms, one capable of an electronic forensic audit and one to do the physical audit.  It would mean that you would have to go to the SEC and explain why you need to do this. You would need to suspend all activity on the server and seal the server for the forensic audit. The best way to do that is for you to change your security codes so only one person haves them and that is the SEC.  You are an investment brokage firm, and you are required by law to report any suspicious of tampering with your financial records and servers to the SEC.  You should find a complete analysis of my findings in your email.  This phone call was a curtesy to give you a heads up.” Emily told Mr. Young.
“You better be right Mrs. Brooks, it is going to cost me a bundle if you are wrong and I find no irregularities in my FEO’s department and servers. Good day Mrs. Brooks.” Mr. Young hung up.
Emily Brooks sat there at her desk, wondering if she had done the right thing alerting Mr. Young of these irregularities in his Financial Executive officer’s department servers. If her suspicious where right, and it was a virus designed to siphon company money away from the accounts.  It would be a scandal and could ruin Mr. Youngs reputation and his clients trusts. It was after all what she was hired for to check the security of his servers. It was out of her hands now.  She checked her desk clock and realized that Ava would be home from school soon.  She promised Ava that she wouldn’t be at her desk all day. She had some other work to do like the physical therapy she was to do daily. Which required doing chair lifts with her arms. To lift her weight up and allow circulation to flow through her lower extremities so as not allow further atrophy in her hips and upper legs. She had to massage her lower legs and make the muscles flex.  She had a TEN’s device to send electric pulses into the muscles to get them to contract.  It stimulated the muscles. It was a daily routine for her.  


Chapter 2
The Twin’s double date


“Aunt Nellie, where are the Twins?” Denny asked.
“I believe they said something about hiding from two insane girls from school who were threatening to bash their heads in, if they don’t go on a double date. Can I assume that Maddy and Harper have taken the lead in making the Twins minds up whether they should ask them out.” Aunt Nellie asked Denny.
“Yep, Maddy mistook some advice that she and Harper, should take the lead and ask Charley and Roy out on a date and if they refuse to club them senseless until the agree. Even showed up yesterday in the lunch room with some clubs from the Drama class prop room.”  Denny told Aunt Nellie.
“Sounds like good advice to me Denny.  By the time those two get the courage up to ask them if they would like to go out on a date. Maddy and Harper will be old maids, and the twins too old to remember why they wanted to ask them out.  I believe you find them in the boathouse avoiding everyone. Try and reason with them will you Denny.  I am getting to old to explain to them the reason why boys meet girls, and the birds and the bee’s to them. I am sure Andrew said something to them at one time or another.  Most likely scared the wits out of them.  You’re the older cousin, explain why they need to get over being so shy.” Aunt Nellie asked Denny.
“Gee, thanks Aunt Nellie. I still believe babies come from the Cabbage patch or is it the stork who delivers babies.” Denny said with a straight face.
“Now don’t tell me I have been neglecting my duties and haven’t had that talk about where babies come from.  It is certainly not the Cabbage patch or from storks.   You see there is this  Leprechaun who shoots love darts at you and the first girl you see will fall madly in love with you.  Then nine months later, there is a little Leprechauns left at your doorstep.” Aunt Nellie explained.
“Aunt Nellie, really, and here I thought it took a little biology, the mother fish laying the eggs, and the father fish passing over the eggs.” Denny told his Aunt.
“Dennis O’Tomas McKelly, is that what they taught you in Sex Ed at school.” Aunt Nellie said shockingly.
“No. Aunt Nellie. I am too much a gentlemen to tell my Aunt what they really taught us.” Denny said has he left the kitchen out the back door to the boathouse. Leaving Aunt Nellie speechless.
Denny found the Twins in the boathouse deep in conversation with each other.  They stopped talking and looked at Denny has he walked in. The looks on their faces wasn’t exactly a happy face from getting a Happy Meal from Ronald McDonald.
“I suppose Maddy and Harper sent you to find us.” Roy snapped at Denny.
“No, they did not. Aunt Nellie sent me.  She wanted me to talk some sense into you two about the way you have been acting since yesterday.  She asked me why you two were hiding and from who.  I told her. She is not exactly on your side Twins, she thinks the girls should knock some sense into you the way you been avoiding them, debating whether you should ask them out or not.  She had a big laugh when I told her Maddy and Harper decided to take matters into their own hands.  With a pair of clubs. Really you two, are you that afraid of them.  You been for the last two weeks arguing about how to approach them.  To ask them out for a date, then too afraid to go near them,  as if they are a time bomb ready to go off. When they take matters into their own hands and ask you, you act like a bunch of Lemmings, go racing off a cliff to get away from them.  Wasn’t that the purpose of all the arguing trying to decide the best way to ask them for a date.  As soon as, they ask you, you chicken out.  Aunt Nellie wondered if you had forgotten about the birds and the bee’s and why girls were put on this earth for.  She thinks you two have gone crazy running from two girls.” Denny lectured them.
“Hey, you didn’t see the clubs they had. They threaten to knock us senseless if we didn’t say yes, and they meant it Denny.” Charley said.
“Those clubs are from the Drama class prop room, they are papier Mache’.  The worse they could do is give your brain a papercut.” Denny told Charley.
“Well, it just not right for a girl to ask a boy out for a date.” Roy said.
“It’s the 21st century Twins, and you are missing the point. Now listen closely, I will say this only once and slowly.  “They...told...you...they...want...to...date you.  As in they are interested in you... kind of...like you, have feelings for them. Maybe even want to kiss you goodnight.  You fools go running away from them like a 3rd grader afraid they are going to give you cooties.  As Aunt Nellie said, no girl is going to wait forever for a man to notice them.  They will either find someone who does, or become old maids, and you are two old to remember why you wanted to ask them for a date.  Here.” Denny pulls out two letter’s, from his jacket, and hands one to Charley with his name on it, and one to Roy with his name on it. Do you know what a “Dear John” letter is?  I got to tell you, you blew it with Maddy and Harper.  Sorry.” Denny walks out of the Boathouse, and back up to the house. 
The Twins look at each other realizing what Denny had said, “Dear John Letters”.  Bracing themselves, their stomachs full of stones, feeling like the world has just ended, the Twins open their letter’s and read them.
“Why that conniving Irish excuse for a Leprechaun, I am going to strangle him, then I am going to kiss his little cupid cheeks”. Charley roars. Roy and Charley race up to the house to find Denny waiting in the kitchen for them with Aunt Nellie. 
“You knew, you knew all along it wasn’t a “Dear John Letter.”, Charley waving the letter at Denny.  Charley kissed his cousin on both cheeks  and whispered in his ear’s. “I will strangle you later for that dirty trick you just pulled. Thanks for the man to man talk I guess we have been fools. Come on Roy we have phone calls to make, we owe Maddy and Harper a double date and apologies for the way we been acting.” Charley told his twin.  The twins raced up to their rooms to make their calls.
Aunt Nellie looked at Denny. “What’s this about a “Dear John Letters” boy.” 
“Oh, you know, I told the Twins  that Maddy and Harper where dumping them then handed them two letters from the girls, sort of  suggested they were “Dear John Letters”.  When in fact they were letters of apologies from the Girls, telling the Twins they really did like them and not just in a friendly way, and they would be honored to go out on a double date and would say yes when the Twins asked them.” Denny told Aunt Nellie. Then left the kitchen for his room, leaving Aunt Nellie speechless once again.
***

The first month of school has passed the old and new students have settled in to learn. Ava the new girl at Apple Valley High is now a regular, as if she had always been there.  Maddy and Harper have become good friends.  All forgiven for that little fiasco the first few days of school.  Maddy and Harper have had two double dates with the twins.  The first one was at the local Movie house where they saw a scary flick. The girls ended up holding the Twins hands, as the twins kept constantly jumping in their seats every time the Zombie Lord kept attacking someone. Their second double date was at the Homecoming game where Roger scored the final winning touchdown.  Mostly it was study dates at the library doing homework, or meeting at the drug store for a soda after school.  Maddy’s father was the local grocer and she helped out at the store on weekends.  Harper had younger siblings at home and with both parents working she had to supervise the brats as she called them. When in school and not in class they spent free time and lunch time together with Ava and Denny.
Ava and Denny where not officially an item.  Though they spent their free time together while in school and Denny had walked Ava home from school daily, as it was on his way home.  He had met Mrs. Brooks the second week of school when Ava invited him in for a soda.  He was impressed with Mrs. Brooks work station, and the several monitors, and computers she used in her Cybersecurity work.  He asked Mrs. Brooks many questions about the technical aspect of her work.  Now you might recall that Denny had a major setback around winter break last year with his ASD. When he woke up, he could no longer remember the fact that he was once a Technical Whiz kid.  He had to relearn the basic principles of how to use a computer and his cell phone.  In time he had managed to be sufficient in the everyday use of electronics. As for the  mystery of a there inner workings he was still trying to grasp the technical side of a computer chip, programing and why as printer works as it did. He still used his attic workroom for a study room and would often dig out some old project he had started and try to figure out what he was trying to accomplish.  
He had eventually shared with Ava his ASD and how it affected his daily life.  He was high functioning and had once been a savant when it came to technology.  Even had a patent on an invention he once designed.  He told Ava that last year that had all changed when he had a serious spell and set back.  He had zoned out for nearly 10 days and woke up in Dr. Mom’s clinic.  Had to spend weeks relearning how to turn a microwave on.  It didn’t take him long to get back into the swing of school and catch up with his classmates.  Since than with his new medication and  patch system he was doing much better in not forgetting his medication.  He still has minor zone outs, as he was calling them now.  But they often lasted only minutes or an hour, rather than days as they used too. They are infrequent and unpredictable.  Never knew when something would trigger them.  The mystery of his type of ASD. He warned her it’s not like an epileptic seizure, more like just staring at the stars and not being at home for a while.
Ava was amazed that Denny acted and behaved like any 11th grader.  Until he told her about his ASD, she would not have noticed he was dealing with it. Then she remembered the first week in school when Maddy had told her that Denny had his challenges in life. She was understanding what they were. When Ava told her mother, she was not surprised that Denny would have been a savant as that was often a hallmark of high functioning side of ASD.  She was pleased to answer Denny’s questions about her work and it’s technical side. She was even noticing that each time he visited, he was retaining some of the technical knowledge she was explaining to him, as if he always understood the terminology and concepts of a working computer. She decided one afternoon to give his Aunt Nellie a phone call introduce herself. She explained to Aunt Nellie she was aware of Denny’s ASD and his setback from last winter. She wanted to tell Aunt Nellie she believed that his former Technological savant knowledge was creeping back, he was automatically catching on to things she was telling him about Cybersecurity and her work. Even offering incite to her about things that only a trained Data analyses would know.  Aunt Nellie was pleased Mrs. Brooks called. She had been hoping that Denny would suddenly wake up and find all that technical stuff was back.  Aunt Nellie admitted that Denny wasn’t the same kid she had raised who was such a genius in that area.  He still looks at some technical thing and has that strange look on his face and tries to remember why it looks so familiar.  Aunt Nellie told Mrs. Brooks that she would have a talk with Denny’s Dr. Mom, and she could have Denny’s neurologist set up an appointment to re-test Denny.  This was encouraging she told Mrs. Brooks.
“Please Aunt Nellie call me Emily.  I do have one question though, Denny keeps talking about this Dr. Mom, I haven’t quite figured that out yet.” Emily asked Aunt Nellie.
“Oh, my, you must forgive my poor manners Emily. Dr. Mom is Sersha Capp, my grandniece, Denny’s Aunt, and the Twin Capp brothers mother, Denny cousins. I guess that makes me Denny’s Great, Great Aunt.  I  am Denny’s legal Guardian since he was four years old.  His mother was Sersha’s younger sister who fell into some bad times in life and couldn’t handle Denny’s Autism diagnosis as a single mother.  I gladly accepted to take Denny and be his guardian. Sadly, my niece never recovered from those bad times.  Denny’s mother and father died four years ago.  There’s more to that story Emily, but I am afraid Denny will have to share that when he is ready too.  I am so glad that your daughter and Denny have become such good Friends.  I was kind of worried that Denny wouldn’t develop an interest in having a girl for a friend.  He has been raised among his Twin cousins, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club boys since he was old enough to tag along Emily.” Aunt Nellie told her.
“What or who is the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, Aunt Nellie?” Emily asked. 
“Now, that is a good question I have been trying to figure out for years. Presently, they are 10 members that have grown from 5 members in the six or seven years.  They are the best-behaved boys you would ever want to have as your sons. With just one little problem.  They always seem to find themselves in one adventure after another, solving mysteries and ageing their parents by 3 years or more each summer.  I think you should ask Denny about the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club and you better believe everything he tells you, for its all true with some embellishment. Well except for the part about his Great, Great Aunt Nellie who was once a British secret agent in her younger years.  Much of that is still Classified.  I assure you Ava is in good hands when it comes to the boys in that group. They better be or they will answer to me, and Andrew Capp, our county sheriff, the twins father.” Aunt Nellie told Emily.
“Oh, my goodness, and I thought Grand Apple Valley Junction was just a sleepy old hick town.” Emily explained. 
***

Winter break rushed in a bit faster than the G.A.V.A Club and their friends expected.  Much like the first snow storm that closed school for two days after Thanksgiving.  G.A.V.A Club was busy with planning what they were going to do this year for the Winter Festival. The twins came up with a good ideal, why don’t they put on a Kissing booth at the festival, instead of Girls manning the booth, they would have boys instead.  It was a good ideal until Maddy, and Harper nixed it when they heard it was the Twins ideal.  They went back to the drawing board. Then Denny came up with a better ideal.  Why not a winter Jazz concert.  He knew two promising Jazz musicians who just happen to be free from their current gig.  In fact, they were going to be in town during the winter break.  They could convince them  to put on a Winter Holiday Inn theme show at the Highschool auditorium. There was plenty of props in the Drama class prop room. They could set up a Christmas set, where Caesar and Freddy could perform classic Christmas songs, on the Sax and piano.  Maybe get Mr. Richards to get the concert band to give the two, back up, and with the Glee club backing up with the vocals.” Denny explained.  “It would be a free show.  One matinee for the kids, with Santa showing to tell them the story of the Night before Christmas, and one in the evening for the adults.”
“Denny, why do I get the feeling that you and Mr. Richards have already planned much of this.  Is there anything left for us to do.” Jimmy asked.
“Well, you could dress up as Santa’s elves for the Matinee and pass out all the free gifts Aunt Nellie and I have generously donated. Every kid will get a free Christmas coloring story book with a new box of crayons, and a large Candy cane. You could get your girlfriends or boyfriend if you have them, to dress up as elves too.  I have two dozen green and red elves vests, pointed ears and slip over the feet pointed toe elf stockings, for costumes, that arrived yesterday and stored in the prop room.” Denny explained. “Just thank your lucky Christmas star, I didn’t order the men’s very tight leotards that go with them.”
The winter festival was always a success each year.  This year the festival kicked off with the Winter Holiday Inn matinee show on the last day of classes before winter break. Seventy-five boys and girls from Kindergarten to the 6th grade where entertained by Caesar and Freddy, the school concert band, and glee club.  Santa Clause arrived and read to the boys and girls “The Night before Christmas” with Caesar and Freddy highlighting the story with sound effects. When the story ended. Two dozen Elves marched in to the auditorium carry large sacks filled with surprises for the boys and girls.  On the last day of the festival there was a performance that afternoon for the town folks. The elves once again marched in after the “the Night Before Christmas” and handed out a large candy cane with a red and green bow tied to it. The elves took home what was left which was just enough for each to have a candy cane each.  The Twins gave theirs to Maddy and Harper.  Telling them they didn’t need the extra calories.  Maddy and Harper punched the twins in the shoulder, “And we do.”  Then Kissed them and ran off giggly like a 3rd grader.
Denny thanked his elves, Caesar, and Freddy for making the Winter Holiday Inn show a success and handed each elf an envelope.  In it they found a crisp new $100 dollar bill. Denny got smothered with kisses by all the girl elves.  The boys elves where jealous since nearly all the girl elves where there girlfriends. Not at Denny, because they didn’t get kissed.  They all left in good cheer wishing everyone a Merry Christmas and a happy New Year.
***

During Winter Break the G.A.V.A Club members took advantage of the early snow and gathered at Cook’s Hill just east outside of the city limits.  It was a favorite winter destination for sledding for the town youths and teens. The Twins had Maddy and Harper with them.  Ava came with Denny, Jimmy, and Scarlett Hill where already at the hill. Donald and Ricky were solo, as was Brian. Roger had failed to show up.  The Capp twins brought their 6-man Toboggan, where the Twins, Denny, Jimmy, and the girls all loaded up on and went down Cook’s Hill screaming and yelling at everyone to get out of the way.  Donald and Ricky paired together on a Red Flyer flexible sled built for two, and Brian tried out a snow tube down the hill. After an hour of sledding, Roger finally shows up. 
“Jimmy Walker, Scarlett Hill is my girl.  How dare you steal her away from me.” Roger pushes Jimmy down the hill where he slides on his rump all the way down to the bottom barely missing other sledders and he finally ends up against a tree.  The wind knocked out of him.  The Twins, and Brian go racing down to hill to aid Jimmy.   Roger grabs Scarlett’s hand trying to pull her away from the girls. “Scarlett, I thought you agreed to come with me to Cook’s Hill sledding, instead I find you with Jimmy.  I thought we were going together.”
“Roger Wilks, let go of my hand.” Scarlett insists.  “You don’t own me, I will go with whoever I want.” 
Scarlett walks off the hill. Leaving Roger standing there like a moron.  He turns away and walks off the hill in the opposite direction from where Scarlett was heading.  Maddy, Harper, and Ava are standing there stunned.  It wasn’t like Roger at all to be so aggressive.  Roy came running back up the Hill.
“Maddy, where did that jerk Roger go.  Jimmy hit that tree hard, he was knocked out. Charley called his mother at the clinic. She is sending an ambulance.  Maddy in shock points in the direction that Roger took off in.  Roy races off to catch up with Roger.  He finds him heading down into town.
“Roger Wilks, you got to be out of your mind, fighting over a girl, especially Scarlett Hill.  Maybe you didn’t notice but Jimmy hit that tree hard.  Knocked him out. Charley called Dr. Mom and there is an ambulance coming.  How could you do that to Jimmy, your best friend since the 3rd grade.  No girl is worth it, going to jail for assault and battery. I ought to knock your block off.” Roy was angry.
“Jimmy stole my girlfriend Roy. He knew I was going to take her to Cook’s Hill.” Roger tried to defend himself.
“No, he did not you jerk. Scarlett was already at the hill, waiting for you she told us.  She was mad you didn’t show up, so she paired off with Jimmy on the toboggan. He didn’t steal Scarlett away from you.  She stole Jimmy, even bragged about how she was going to dump you for Jimmy.  Jimmy was so much more reliable.  Jimmy told her Roger was his best friend, and she was doing him wrong hitting on him.” Roy told him.
Brian came running up, catching his breath. “Roger, Officer Jake Lake is looking for you.  He wants you to explain yourself.  He has already talked with Scarlett, she wants you arrested for attacking her and Jimmy.  Said, you twisted her hand, nearly broke it, and tried to drag her off against her will.  Jimmy tried to protect her, and you hit Jimmy and that was when he slid down the hill.  Scarlett tried to tell Jake that Jimmy will confirm her story. Scarlett didn’t even see him hit the tree and knock himself out. Maddy and Harper told Jake, Scarlett was lying it didn’t happen that way. Roger, I think you need to find Jake first before he finds you.” Brian told Roger.
“Brian is Jimmy okay.” Roger asks.
“He was awake before the ambulance showed up.  Charley told him not to move until he was checked out by Dr. Mom. He hit that tree hard enough to knock him out.” The Ambulance was just leaving when I came looking for you.”
“Where is Jake now Brian.” Roger asked.
“He was still at Cook’s Hill asking others on the hill what they saw for his report.  Personally, I don’t think he believes a word what Scarlett said.  But he has to do his job.  He told me I should find you and you meet Jake at the clinic.” Brian explained to Roger.
The three boys headed over to the clinic. On the way Roger is internally torn with guilt for the way he behaved. He couldn’t believe he had attacked Jimmy over a girl.  He was beginning to see Scarlett Hill wasn’t the right girl for him.  She was to high maintenance, demanding and could never quite managed to get her times straight.  He was always late, and she blame him for not showing up him where he told her he was going to meet her, or her to meet him.  Like today, he realized that he clearly told her he would pick her up at her place and they would meet the others at Cook’s Hill’s.  When he arrived at her place, her mother told him that she had left for Cook’s hill with another boy, a half hour ago.  He just assumed it was Jimmy when he saw the two of them together at the hill. Now he was in trouble with the Law for nearly killing his best friend over a girl.
The three arrived at the clinic where Office Lake was just leaving through the front entrance.  He spotted Roger with Roy and Brian. “Roy, Brian why don’t you go on in and visit Jimmy.  He is going to be all right, nothing more serious than a having the wind knocked out of him.  He will be sore for a couple of days.  Roger and I will have a talk at the station.” Jake lead Roger to his cruiser.
“Jake you going to arrest me, might has well-read me my rights. I pushed Jimmy down the hill in a fit of anger, I thought he had stolen my girlfriend,” Roger tried to explain.
“No, I am not going to read you your rights.  Jimmy say’s it was an accident, he slipped lost his balance when he tried to move away from you when you reached out.  You know that is not what really happened. The twins, Donald, Brian, and Ricky know what happened.  Maddy and Harper agree you got angry over Jimmy being with Scarlett Hill.  However, Jimmy say’s he fell, and lost his balance before you even touched him.  However, Scarlett Hill says your grabbed her, twisted her hand, nearly broke it, and tried to force her to go with you against her will.  She said when Jimmy step up to protect her from you, you hauled off and hit Jimmy knocking him down the hill.  She just left the clinic with her mother, after being examined by Dr. Capp. Mrs. Hill is not happy, she wanted to press charges against you until I told her that her daughters story about Jimmy stepping up to stop you from hurting her didn’t match the stories of all the witnesses I questioned.  Those witnessed all agree that you pushed Jimmy first, then tried to get Scarlett to leave with you. Maddy and Harper tells me that Scarlett was hitting on Jimmy, mad at you for not being here at the hill to meet her.  That Jimmy told Scarlett to bug off and stop hitting on him.  Now what is your story Roger.”
“I’m sorry Jake, I guess it was that green eye monster of jealousy.  I went to Scarlett’s house to pick her up, where I told her I would get her.  Her mother told me she had already left with another boy a half hour earlier.  When I got to Cook’s hill, I saw Jimmy and Scarlett together on the toboggan, she was hanging on to him so tight, whispering in his ear.  I got angry.  I thought It was Jimmy who had meet Scarlett at her place, the boy her mother said took off with her to the hill.  I was wrong, Roy told me that Jimmy spurned her, told her to stop hitting on him.  And I didn’t twist Scarlett’s hand either and tried to break it.  I just grabbed it and tried to get her to go leave with me.  She pulled away and told me “I didn’t own her, and she could go out with whoever she wanted.”  She played me for a fool Jake, and now I have hurt Jimmy because of it.  I deserve to be arrested for the jerk I am.” Roger said.
“Well, if being a Jerk was a crime, we would all be in jailfor life. Even me, and you know what kind of Jerk I was. No, Roger, you don’t belong in jail.  As for Scarlett Hill, well, she didn’t even notice that Jimmy had hit that tree. Tried to convince me that Jimmy stepped in to protect her and that was when you attacked Jimmy.  She said Jimmy will back her up when he comes back up the hill. When she noticed who the ambulance was for, she went very pail and fainted. Unfortunately, Mrs. Hill insisted you be charged for assaulting her daughter. Sheriff Capp say’s I have to bring you in for an official interrogation.  Mrs. Hill and Scarlett will be there too.  The Sheriff wants to make sure, that Scarlett understand how serious the charges are when he tells her that she could face charges for making a false report when all the witnesses say otherwise, as well as aggravated assault charges instigating a fight by getting you jealous. Not something to laugh at.  As for you getting jealous, well, you need to come to terms with yourself on that issue. The green eye monster can ruin many a friendship and relationships with no real reason to be jealous.” Jake told Roger.
“I guess I owe Jimmy an apology.” Roger said.
“That will have to wait, best you give Jimmy a day or two to get over being angry with you.  He might not be physically hurt, but his feelings are Roger. Thats want being a Jerk can cost you. Sorry but I have to put you in the back seat.  It’s only for show Roger.  Just count yourself lucky it’s not in handcuffs.  You don’t ever want to have that awful feeling of losing your freedom.  It’s like being trapped in a box against your will and you can’t get out. Believe me you won’t like it.” Jake said.  Jake drove off in the cruiser with Roger in the back seat.  
Jimmy and the remaining G.A.V.A Club members watched from the clinic window in Jimmy’s room.  Charley turned to Jimmy.  He’s a Jerk Jimmy, but he is our Jerk.  You sure you want to give him the bump rush? Charley asked.
“No. Charley I am not. But I am angry that he would treat me like this to think I would take his girl.” Jimmy admitted.
“I don’t think he knew what he was doing, Jimmy. They say that “Green eye monster of Jealousy”, can rear its ugly head up when you least expect it.  It can change a person. Don’t be too hard on him Jimmy.  I am sure he is beating himself up for letting Scarlett make a fool of him and getting between you and him like that. We can always be the hardest on ourselves for being jerks.  Though a few days stewing in the pot will do some good, as Aunt Nellie would say.” Charley told Jimmy.
“A Cold pot of stew is want he is going to get from me, then a little flame of fire to start with, until it’s a bonfire and he is jumping out of the pot in an active volcano.” Jimmy told Charley.
“Remind me to never cross you Jimmy. Your beginning to scare me.” Charley said.
“Sorry. Charley, it’s scares me too.  Don’t worry, Roger and I will patch things up. As for Scarlett, that is one girl that needs a sign around her neck. “Beware of the B....”
“Don’t say it Jimmy, please don’t say it.” Charley begged.
“The beast”, Jimmy finished. 
***

Scarlett, her mother, Roger, and his father met with Sheriff Capp. “My Deputy reports that there was an altercation at Cook’s hill late this morning between 3 older Teens.  Jimmy Walker, Roger Wilkes, and Scarlett Hill. Where Scarlett Hill claims...” The sheriff was interrupted by Mrs. Hill
“Claims my foot Sheriff, my daughter was assaulted by Roger Wilks.” She insisted.
“Mrs. Hill were you there when your daughter was assaulted?” Sheriff Capp asks her.
“Well No, my daughter is not a liar Sheriff.” Mrs. Hill insisted again.
“I did not say she was a liar Mrs. Hill.  I am only going by what Deputy Lake reported when he questioned witnesses. There would appear to be two sides to the story. There is always two sides to a story, point of view, and actual witnesses. Those witnesses are important to any investigation.  All I know is what Deputy Lake wrote in his report.  The facts, and only the facts as he was told by all those concerned and those who were not concerned. What I do know is that Jimmy Walker was hurt after he struck a tree after sliding down the hill.  Your daughter claims that Jimmy was defending her, when Roger struck him in the face, and he slid down the hill out of control.”
“Mrs. Hill, your daughter told Deputy Lake that Roger was assaulting her, twisting her hand to the point that of nearly breaking it and tried to force her to go with him. That was when Jimmy came to her rescue and Roger hit him causing him to fall down the hill.  Is that right Scarlett?” He asked her.
“Yes Sheriff.” She said.
“Then we have a problem here Mrs. Hill. Witnesses not directly involved say, Roger pushed Jimmy, claiming he was stealing his girlfriend before he touched your daughter and twisted her wrist.” Sheriff Capp stated.
“Your Twins will say anything to protect their friend.” Mrs. Hill claimed.
“I am not talking about my sons, my Nephew, or Donald Creavy, and the girls who were with them on the hill sledding.  I am talking about bystanders, those who have nothing to gain by telling a falsehood. Seven other teens on the hill saw and heard what was happening and told Deputy Lake what they saw and heard.  It does not fit your daughters claims that Roger hit Jimmy after he tried to get your daughter to leave the hill with him. Roger has made a deposition as he is the one facing charges.  He admits to pushing Jimmy and he admits to grabbing Scarlett’s hand and asking her to leave with him.  But not in the order your Daughter says it happened and what the witnesses say how it happened.  Mrs. Hill have you asked your daughter why Jimmy and Roger where fighting?”
“No.” Mrs. Hill admitted.
“Well, maybe you should ask why she was hitting on Jimmy, flirting with him, when she was supposed to be Roger’s girlfriend.  Roger tells my Deputy that he was supposed to pick Scarlett up from her house and they were to go to Cook’s hill together.  He did show up at your house looking for her, and did you not tell Roger, Scarlet left earlier with another boy?”
“Yes, I did.
“How long has Scarlett and Roger been dating Mrs. Hill?” Sheriff Capp asked.
“About two months I believe.”
“I see, can you tell me if Scarlett was expecting Roger that morning to pick her up for a Sledding trip to the Cook’s hill.”
“Yes,  Sheriff she was upset that Roger was late to pick her up, that why she left to go to the hill to find him.”
“Roger says in his deposition that he arranged to pick Scarlett up at 10 a.m. this morning. When did Scarlett leave the house and when was it Roger showed up to pick her up?”
“It was 9:30 a.m. when she left” Mrs. Hill said.
“Can you tell me Scarlett who the boy was that you left with to go to Cook’s hill a half hour before Roger was to pick you up?” The Sheriff asked her.
“I don’t think I have to do I?” Scarlett became defensive.
“Yes, you do, better here now then in a court of law where the public will be present Scarlett.” The Sheriff told her.
“Alright, it was Steve Evans Sheriff.”
“Scarlett Hill,  I forbade you to go out with that boy again, not after what he said about you.” Mrs. Hill snapped at her Daughter.
“What was that Mrs. Hill?” the sheriff asked.
“He called my daughter a flirting tease,  running  around his back with other boys, while they were dating.” Mrs. Hill stated.
“I see, well my Deputy’s report say that the fight between Jimmy and Roger was between Roger claiming that Jimmy was stealing his girlfriend.  Now my twins and others in their sledding group say Scarlett was flirting with Jimmy, telling him she was going to dump Roger for him, Jimmy was such a more reliable man, she could count on arriving to pick her up on time for a date.  They report that Jimmy told her to leave him alone.  He spurned her advances.  That was just before Roger showed up and thought Jimmy was hitting on his girl.  That was why Roger pushed Jimmy knocking him down the Hill. Roger admits that.  Everyone admits that.  Except your Daughter.  Mrs. Hill, I have a report here from the clinic, they x-rayed your daughters hand and wrist, which she claims Roger tried to break. The x-ray show no damage to you daughters’ wrist or hand. In fact, no bruising or swelling of the hand at all. Do you know where your daughter was when my deputy found her when she walked off the hill. She was in the embrace of Steve Evans in his car a block away from Cook’s hill.” The sheriff reported.
“Scarlett, you told me you broke up with the boy.  You just wait until I get you home and your Dad gets back into town.”  Mrs. Hill told Scarlett.
“I am sorry Mrs. Hill but Scarlett will not being going home.  Jimmy Walker was knocked out when he hit that tree because of your Daughter’s actions which led to Roger striking Jimmy, his best friend since the 3rd grade.  Under the law, that is aggravated assault and makes her liable for her actions that led up to Roger hitting Jimmy. There is also making a false police report claiming Roger assaulted her, nearly breaking her hand, and forcing her to leave with him against her will.  That in itself are serious charges, can even be seen as a felony kidnapping attempt against Roger.  If he were found guilty, he would be facing up to 25 years in prison.  If Jimmy had been seriously hurt or even killed the aggravated assault could be an aggravated murder charge against her as well as murder charges against Roger. All because she thinks it is fun to play with boys emotions, to get them to be jealous of them.  In my day’s we had a name for girls like that. And it wasn’t “a two-timing sleazy tease”, either.”
“Sheriff I protest, how dare you suggest my Daughter is a... I can’t even say it sheriff.” Mrs. Hill surrendered.
“Only because you know it’s true. Parents are always the last to believe bad things of their children. Scarlett do you wish to stand by your charge, if you do, I will have to arrest Roger.  All this will come out in a court of law.  It will not be pretty having to sit under oath and have a lawyer bring all this up what just transpired here, and more.  In the end you could be facing your own charges for filing a false police report, and aggravated assault.  Is that what you want the whole town knowing what is going on.  I assure you, you drop your charges, and you can go home.  Roger, nor Jimmy are going to make an issue of this. The report and charges will be filed unsubstantiated.  I can’t erase the minds of those teen’s and children at Cook’s hill.  I will suggest to your mother that you get some counseling before you find yourself the victim of some jealous boyfriend or Husband.”
Scarlett pale in the face, turns to Roger. “I’m sorry Roger, I didn’t mean for you to hit Jimmy, or hurt him.  Please Sheriff, I will drop the charges against Roger.  I’m sorry, I just don’t know why I do it.  I can’t help it.” Scarlett pleaded.
“Mrs. Hill, you can take Scarlett home, and I strongly suggest you make an appointment at the Mental Health Services at the Capp Clinic as soon as possible. When you have that appointment and when Scarlett follows through this matter will be closed as far as I am concerned.  I have no interest in ruining your daughter’s life or seeing this matter go to court.  But it will if Scarlett doesn’t get the help she needs, in fact family counseling is a good way to mend fences too.  Any questions Mrs. Hill?”
“No, Sheriff.” Mrs. Hill said without protest.
“Then this matter is settled between us and Scarlett. If you and Scarlett will excuse us, I still have to deal with Roger and his attacking Jimmy.” Sheriff states. Mrs. Hill and Scarlett leave his office.  Roger and his father remains behind to be dealt with by the sheriff.
“Andrew, I am sure my son is deeply sorry he let his emotions get the best of.  It’s not like him and Jimmy to settle their difference between them like this.” Mr. Wilks offers.
“Adam, I assure you I understand, what that “Green Eye Monster is Like”. When I was dating Sersha, I decked my best friend in college when I thought he was making moves on her.  Well, actually he was, he didn’t know Sersha was my girl. We sorted things out between us.  I know Jimmy and Roger will sort this out too. Right Roger?”
“Yes, Sheriff. I hope, well on my part.  I feel like a jerk and a fool all wrapped in a blanket of pig droppings.” Roger told him.
“Well, that is certainly a colorful way to express how stinky you feel. As for Jimmy, I think it might take a few days for him to forgive you.  He’s is not pressing charges. Dr. Mom says he just had his wind knocked out of him that’s all. No concussion, or broken bones. Now he will feel the impact from sliding into that tree for several days.  Thankfully, his winter clothing and heavy knit hat padded that impact.. None-the-less, Roger, getting into a fight over a girl might seem gallant and all that, it is still a fight. The fact that it led to Jimmy sliding down that hill, and hitting that tree is something I can’t ignore when it involved a 911 call for medical aid.  Jimmy is claiming he slipped and fell down the hill and sticking to that story. So, I will have no choice but to right it up as just that, an accident.  However, the cost of that ambulance ride, and the clinic visit to the E.R. will cost his mother’s insurance. They on the other hand could give her a hassle if they get wind of the fight.  I think it would be appropriate if you offer to pay that bill so that Mrs. Walker doesn’t have to deal with the insurance.  I will let you and your father work out how that is going to work out. Any problems with that Adam?
“No. Andrew, Roger has a college fund he can draw from to pay the bill.  He will have to do with less when it comes time to enter college. Right Roger?” His Father wasn’t offering him a choice.
“Yes, Father”. Turning to the sheriff.  “Sheriff, were you really going to have Scarlett arrested?”
“Yes, if I had too and you too if she had not dropped the charges. In the end it would have achieved the same results, her getting help and her mother realizing she needed that help. My job isn’t always about arresting people and letting the court system settled things. We have to be peace officers most of the time and sort out these kind of things before it ends up wasting a judges time.  Just don’t let it turn your heart cold against the girls Roger. They are all not like Scarlett.  I wish there were a playbook that could coach us to win the game of love with the right girl.  You shouldn’t let this scar you for life. That right girl is out there, and you will know it when it happens. Now you two get out of here, before I have to book you for loitering in my office. I don’t want to see you in this station again young man.  Next time you might not get off so easy.” Sheriff Capp escorted them out of his office.  Turned to officer Jake.  You can file  those charges and report as unsubstantiated Jake.  Log the 911 call as a response to a sledding accident at Cook’s Hill, no serious injuries.  Attach the medical report from the clinic, and file it.” 
“Yes, sir, consider it done.” Officer Lake confirmed.


Chapter 3
Denny Remembers


It is uncanny how some things happen at the same time but at a different year as if the fates want to remind you, you don’t rule your own life. Fate does. As fate would have it like lighting striking you twice in the same spot on the road. Denny zoned out exactly on the same day only a year apart. Only this time it didn’t last 8 days. Denny was in and out of it after 8 hours. Roy found him at his desk in the attic, setting there.  It was different this time, much like the times he would often zone out for short periods of time.  He was responsive, you could get him to walk and lead him around the room or put him to bed. You could get him to use the bathroom.  He just would not talk, had that semi-blankness on his face.  Last year at this time he was totally out, couldn’t walk, and that semi-blank stare was as Roy described it like Denny’s mind was on another planet, and his body here on earth. Completely detached from each other. This time his mind and body was together on earth, just taking a long nap.
When Denny came out of it this time. He remembered yesterday like it well was just yesterday and knew he had zoned out. He had no trouble remembering he was now a 11th grader. Ava was a new friend, not quite a girlfriend but a new friend who was a girl.  He knew the Twins where finally dating Maddy and Harper, and that Brian had come out as gay to the G.A.V.A Club members, but not officially out of the closet to everyone at school.  When he went up to his attic workshop he came running down and hollered who cleaned his workroom up.  Where was his electronics.  He was upset that he had been working on a new gadget, and now he can’t find it. Nothing was where had left it.  Well, you can imagine the joy Aunt Nellie felt, Denny was back. The technological geek everyone loved.  Not that they didn’t love him since he lost that geekiness of his. Just that he was more complete his old geeky self.  Aunt Nellie had to explain to Denny that the last 12 months he had been a different Denny, since he last zoned out for 8 days and woke up in the hospital without any memory of being a technological savant.
He explained to Aunt Nellie, it must have been boring around here without his geeky self-explaining to Roy how a Quantum computer chip was faster and better like a chocolate chip in a cookie. Roy had to leave the room before he died laughing choking on the chocolate chip cookie he was eating. Dr. Mom insisted he see Doctor Michaels just to make sure everything was okay.  The next day he came back from Dr. Michaels and said his brain was functioning with all synapsis firing up to full speed once again, or rather what was normal for him before last Christmas.  He warned Denny that as before he could never count on how long this return to his geeky self would last. Take it one day at a time.  
***

On the third day after his zone out he went to visit Ava and her mother.  Ava was not home but expected her to be back soon.  Mrs. Brooks noticed something right away that was different about Denny yet not different.  He presented Mrs. Brooks with a cardboard box and in the box was the last gadget he had been working on.  He explained how it worked. 
“I now know what this gadget does.  It’s a wireless remote memory recorder you attach to your computer’s hard drive by using this adapted ribbon serial port “Y” cable.  You see here, where the upper left arm of the “Y” is connected to the hard drive. It carries the data transfer both ways and the power source from the computer.  Of course, you know that Mrs. Brook.  The lower leg is connected to the computers motherboard where all your computer processing is done.  The Right arm would normally be where you would have a second hard drive connected.  Instead, it acts as the antenna for the wireless signal to travel through and out into the room searching for the wireless remote memory recorder base.  Which looks like a USB charging station for your Cellphone and other devices that need charging.  I cannibalized 3 USB charging stations and created this decorative base where you actually have 6 USB charging ports that work. It is also a working digital Radio clock.”
“Now where the two arms of the “Y” meet the leg of the “Y”, is a transmitter, and a two-way switch box with its own Lithium battery that keeps charged every time you turn on your computer.  It has a wireless signal in the switch when it is activated by a power outage, or you accidently unplug the computer from the wall, it automatically switches over to the Lithium power backup, then sends the assigned files you want remotely saved from the hard drive wirelessly to the remote memory recorder in the clock.  It like your own personal data cloud in the room.  It can detect a hacking attempt, which then records the pertinent data you need saved.  I remember you telling me that a computer has an automatic log that records everything when a user uses it. Who the user is, date and time when the user logs on to the computer directly or hacks into it remotely? I made a few modification on the internal software so it can acts as if someone hacking as pulled the plug on the computer.  It sends that log and or the assigned files to the wireless remote memory recorder which is in the base of this USB charging station.  The digital radio alarm clock has a single pole antenna wire that sticks out of the back and drapes down behind the clock. The antenna picks up the wireless data transfer from the antenna inside the computer.  Any IT tech looking inside the computer would see an ordinary ribbon serial port “Y” cable without the second hard drive attached.  Unless he dissects the junction box where the two arms meet the leg. They wouldn’t know it was a transmitter and two-way switch.”
“The whole purpose of this device is to secretly keep a file of your most important data and logs in a hidden remote storage drive that would not be noticed as a remote storage drive.  Which in this case is 5 Terabytes of storage that is similar to a Zip drive where the Data is compressed at high speed in the transfer.  I could tell you what kind of signal or frequency that signal is, but it is my one and only patent I have.  It’s not microwave like a cell phone, or your television and radio signal. So, a person trying to hack it would not be able to do so unless they had knowledge of my proprietary signal, and the one and only receiver which is in the clock my only working prototype.  The lithium battery in the clock is kept charged as long as the clock is plugged in or there is power in the lines.  There is only one catch. The signal strength and length of the signal is limited to only about 20-35 feet and cannot pass through solid walls or you scramble and lose the data that signal is transmitting. So, the clock needs to be in the same room the computer is, but not on the desk where the computer is.  It starts out as a narrow beam and then broadens outward like a cone. So, as long as the clock is in the cone’s broader field it picks up the transfer.”
“Your, a genius Denny.  Wait, you’re a genius Denny... I just realized you got your memory back, that is  what so different about you. When did this happen?” Mrs. Brooks excitingly asked Denny.
“Three days ago, I had one of my zone outs.  It lasted 10 hours, and when I came out of it, I had back all my Geekiness, as Aunt Nellie calls it. When I found this gadget put away in my workroom closet.  I remembered it was the last thing I had finished working on. I spend hours, and days perfecting the prototype. Then I zoned out for 8 days.” Denny told Mrs. Brooks.
“You need to patent this as soon as you can Denny, it should be a in every household within a year. 
Those who wanted this kind of security and Cloud based data storage.” Mrs. Brooks encouraged Denny to do.
“Not until I have tested out the prototype under everyday use. That’s why I stopped by Mrs. 
Brooks. The real test would be the kind of Data you work with daily and the work load of that data.  I would like you to  install it on one of your computers.  I assure you it would not affect your system’s or hard drive functions or cause you to lose data. Once it is installed the internal software will download automatically, and from there you would have complete control of the files and data you want to send to the remote drive.  Much like when you use your cloud account.  The software has a blind feature to it. It shows up temporarily for programing, then disappears after programing.  It won’t show up on your desktop but is buried deep in your system files. So, a person accessing the computer here in the house would not see any icons, or evidence of it in your computer without a good forensic audit of your system.”
“Once you program the commands in the software, passwords and test it out, you have only to close the software by either hitting the close button.  Once it is in blind mode you will have to go into the system files to find it.  Which I don’t think you will find any problems doing, with your computer skills. You just need to plug unplug your power, then access your inner workings, disconnect the existing ribbon serial cable from the drive and motherboard and reconnect the new ribbon serial “Y” cable.  The left is marked with a “D” for Drive, and the leg is marked “MB, for the mother board. You only need arrange the “A” marked for Antenna to be pointed up in the housing like an antenna should be.  Plug your clock in where it can receive the data.  The batteries are fully charged.  Power up your computer and the software will upload to your system and the temporary icon will appear, and you are in business.  Use it for a month and print out a performance log for me. Which you will find in the menu box of the software.  After that I will have some ideas about how it is performing before I file for a patent.” Denny told her.
“The one thing I think is best about the system is that any unsuspecting person tampering with your computer or stealing it would automatically download a log and selected files to the hidden remote drive which they wouldn’t be aware off until it’s too late. You would have an emergency backup left behind in the living room. In the case of an unexpected power outage while using it. It will give you an added security in not losing those important files.  When the power comes back on the switcher will remain sending data until it has finished the down load. The reset itself.  All you have to do to recover the data is hit a reset button under the clock’s base and it will resend that data back to your computer the same way it received it.”
“Denny, that is the one thing I fear the most with my work is losing my data or trusting an off-site Data cloud.  My clients do not want me to use my own cloud accounts.  I have to use there’s when I access their data for breaches.  With this device I could be selective and store only the most critical information to protect my work from loss or hackers.  I can reload or replace a software, but once I lose data of my work in progress it is a headache restarting and recreating that research for my clients. I must admit, I like the idea of a secret hidden data drive that wouldn’t stand out like a sore thumb.  I have a locked drawer full of thumb drives, that any thieve could get access to.  Keeping them in a safe in another room is not that convenient for me. I need to have reachable access when I need them.  This would allow me to not only have an auto back up but secure my data as well from Cybersecurity thieves.  I may have a small client base, work from my home. But if there is any data, I have that someone would be interested in to exploit my clients with.  Well, this house isn’t that protected from intruders. Oh, I have an entry alarm system installed, but it’s not a top-of-the-line system. More of “it a makes a loud noise”  but wouldn’t prevent a professional from circumventing it.” She explains to Denny.
“Mrs. brooks my patent is a security device that works like an invisible fence.  Like an invisible dog fence.  The patent side of it is the software and uniqueness of the signal I use.  It makes it fully programable to recognize false alarms of a say a branch falling into its zone of detection and that of a person walking into it.  Like the dog he wears a collar that when he approaches the invisible fence it triggers the alarm on his collar. You would wear a watch on your wrist, or a small device clipped to your belt.  It would allow you to walk through the fence without setting the alarm off.” 
“Now, if someone stole your watch or belt device and tried to inner the security zone. He would trigger the alarm.  It’s the software, it is programed to tell the invisible fence to sense body mass, which is unique much like fingerprints.  We all have a different body mass.  We can have the same weight, but the shape of our body is unique to us. The fence sends out a sonar like field within the protected zone. It is programed to detect a registered body mass and shape. When the signal bounces off a person and returns to the sensors, and the software say’s it’s the owner of the house it lets that owner in the zone without triggering the alarm.” 
“The watch you wear sends out a coded signal, a password that matches your registered body mass and shape. Without the two the system will trigger. As long as that owner is in the zone it is always checking that owners body mass and shape and password. When stranger walks  into the zone, while the owner is home or in the yard or not home, it would  trigger the alarm when the sonar detected an unregistered body mass and shape.  That alarm can be sent to your cell phone. The secret is my proprietary application of a sonar principal that is transmitted constantly to protect the assigned zone.  This new device here is modeled after that patent, where I use the signal to transmit data to the remote memory recorder.  I suppose I should just call it a hard drive, but for some reason calling it a remote memory recorder is sort of a throwback to an earlier era of technology when a hard drive was just that a memory recorder like a tape recorder.” Denny said.
“How much would that alarm system cost me Denny.” Mrs. Brooks asked.
“It’s not really that expensive, more like nothing if you know the inventor and let him  install it for you at no charge.  I have several of the units in storage at home. The interior model would cover each room in the house.  It is simple to install, android and Bluetooth compatible so you can use it on your phone or P.C.  The brains of the system is small and compact and can be put anywhere in the house that is central for access. I have a certified technician do my installations for me now. So, I can contact him and get him over here say tomorrow afternoon.” He told Mrs. Brooks.
“What’s coming tomorrow afternoon, mother” Ava asked her mother, as she walked into the living room from the back entrance through the kitchen.
“An upgrade on our house security system, Denny invented and had patented. You wouldn’t believe this, but Denny has his Geekiness back. Well that what his Aunt Nellie is calling it. He remembers everything about him being a technological savant.” Ava’s mother tells her.
“I know, mother, I just came back from the Capps.  Aunt Nellie told me. Denny why didn’t you tell me you had a zone out. I have been worried why you haven’t called me these last few days.” Ave scolded Denny.
“Sorry Ava. I have been so busy catching up on my Geekiness that I haven’t been out of my workroom until this morning.  I had to bring everything out of the storage closet and reset my work table up.  It was like being a Six your old kid Christmas morning setting up his first model railroad train set.  Actually, I was Six years old when I got my first model railroad train set.  Aunt Nellie tanned by hide for tearing the engine apart to see how it worked.  I put it back together and it went even faster, until I crashed it. Over and over again. Faster and faster, it went.” Denny laughed.
“Ava, Denny brought over the prototype he was working on last year.  It’s a wireless emergency Data backup drive system that works when the power goes off, or someone tries to hack into my data.  It sends selected files and system logs by a wireless signal from the computer to a remote drive system hidden in this clock.” Mrs. Brooks showed Ava the clock. It’s even a functional USB charger, and radio clock.
“I don’t know Denny, that clock looks to ordinary to be something some geeky nerd invented.” Ave teased Denny.
“Thats the whole point of it. Ava, if it stood out to flashy and geeky it would draw attention to it.” Denny was defensive.
“Hey, Denny, I was teasing, I think it is great. Mother’s been so worried of late that she didn’t have enough security and backup on her work.  She has to deal with some very sensitive data for clients. The kind that cyber thieves would like to get a hold of.” Ave explained.
“I know Ava, you mother told me how worried she has been. This should help relieve some of those worries, and tomorrow I am having a technician come over and install my patented security system to boost her home security system.” Denny told Ava.
“Mother, can we afford a new upgrade?” Ave asked.
“Don’t worry Ava. My client fee’s include such upgrades.  Once I can advertise the latest in cybersecurity measure to protect their data, it will bring in more clients.  Denny assures me there will be no startup cost until the budget can manage it. Really not that expensive. It’s a personal home system, not a commercial security.  No monthly fees or leases. And I will be testing out Denny’s new system here for a month or so before Denny goes to the patent office with it.  It will be like a tradeoff.  I help him and he helps us. That Young account I told you about worries me some.  I should have heard from the SEC and Mr. Young by now on what their investigation and audit of Mr. Youngs servers.” Mrs. Brook said.
“Mrs. Brooks that wouldn’t be Mr. Wyatt Young, of Wyatt and Son investments would it.” Denny asked.
“Why, yes it would be Denny.” Mrs. Brooks said.
“I am sorry, Aunt Nellie got a call this morning from our Accountant this morning. Asking Aunt Nellie if she hand any of our investments with Wyatt and Son. It would seem Wyatt Young has disappeared and our accountant is concerned that it has something to do with rumors that a financial audit of his books came up with some discrepancies in his clients investments.” Denny told Mrs. Brooks. 
“Aunt Nellie didn’t have her investments with Young?”  she asked Denny.
“No, we do not.  Our portfolio is too large for Youngs Firm to handle. He’s a meat and potato investor, while we more along the bottom 500 on the Forbes list. Very old Irish money on Aunt Nellie ‘side of the family and New England money on  my late father’s side.” Denny revealed.
“Denny, you’re kidding, right? Ava asked him.
“Sorry Ava, I am not. In Ireland Aunt Nellie is or was a major land owner and landlord until she divested her interest recently. Even before then she was the last living Heir of Lord Sean McKelly. A noble clan dating back 400 years with generations after generations of tenants and investments Aunt Nellie inherited from her brother, he inherited from his father and so forth.  Two summers ago, as the oldest living male heir of the Clan I was invested as its, current Lord Dennis O’Tomas McKelly in name only. When my Father’s parents died, then my Father shortly after that, I inherited the O’Tomas fortune, estate, lands, and investments. I also divested much of the land and sold them but kept the very lucrative investments.  Not only is Aunt Nellie my legal Guardian, she, is also Trustee of my O’Tomas fortune until I turn 18, which is in less than two years. Aunt Nellie and I have a lot of investments out there, some as old as the hills of Ireland.” Denny told Ava.
“Well, Lordy Da. Here I thought you were some Michigan Hillbilly,” Ava said.
“That is Lord McKelly, not Lordy Da.” Denny teased Ava.
“Now you two behave yourself. You can lord it over him later Ava.  Sorry Denny I couldn’t resist that. I have a more serious problem which I will explain later.  How fast can you install this wireless back up system and have it up and running Denny.” Mrs. Brooks asked
“If Ava helps, 30 minutes top.” He said.
“Then you two get on it right away”.  Put it on the main desk top unit. That’s my work computer.  Then I will explain why it’s urgent.” While Denny and Ava, turned off her PC, and unplugged her work station computer and begun to gain access to the inner workings.  Ava’s Mother explained the situation with Wyatt Young, that she had been the first to find irregularities in his Financials servers and her suspicious that someone had planted a virus on them to siphon money off his clients’ accounts. She had reported her findings to Mr. Young back in September and recommend he take action in ordering a Forensic Audit of his servers, and financial reports. Told Mr. Young he had to report the audit to the SEC as required by law.  He hadn’t heard from him since.  This news about Wyatt Young disappearing and rumors of problems with his clients’ accounts does not surprise her. She explained that her analysis of his severs showed a breach of his firewalls from within the company’s financial department over 5 years ago from his FEO’s office. Mr. Young had been adamant that Mr. Green his FEO was a trusted man.  Now, Mr. Young has disappeared, and the SEC had not contacted her which she expected them to do to get her cybersecurity analysis. Which was stored on her workstation computer and on a thumb drive locked up in her desk. Denny system would give her a secured location for that data in the event it disappears from her computer.
In less than 30 minutes with Ava’s help they have the workstation up and running. The clock plugged in across the room. Mrs. Brooks turned her workstation on and opens the folder that just popped up.  She easily navigates through the menu, and set’s up the parameters for the software to trigger under assigned conditions, and what files to download to the remote drive. She closes the folder sending it into the blind state to hide in the system files. Denny reaches over and unplugs the workstation from the wall.  The alarm clock gives off 3 short beeps, indicating it is receiving data. Five minutes later,  3 long beeps go off indicating the data was successfully transferred from Mrs. Brooks workstation. Then Denny shows her that the USB port marked #6 was a data port.  He inserted a thumb drive from his pocket and plugged it in to the port. It uploaded the Data’s file index, which could then be read when plugged into her computer to confirm the data had been received.  The only proof there was data stored in the clock. He showed Mrs. Brooks the resend button on the bottom of the clocks base. With her workstation on, she only need hit the resend data button and the data  would return to her computer, or if the special thumb drive were in the USB port on the clock to the thumb drive.  Either way she could retrieve the data. With her thumb drive, the computer, and the hidden remote drive. The data could easily be replaced.
“Thank you, Denny, why don’t the two of you go out and have a pizza.  Meanwhile I am going to run a check on Youngs servers to see if I still have access.  I am interesting in finding out if there has been any changes on my earlier analysis. If there is, I will have two variables to compare and see what has changed.  Ava, take some money from the cookie jar, make sure you gas up that gas hog of a van before you get back.  Now don’t rush on my account. I’ll have a sandwich to eat here shortly while I wait for the download of my new analysis.  You can drop Denny off at his place later.  Now go you two, I work better alone and not distracted by you two love birds.” She shoves the two off.” She tells Ava.
“Mother, we are not love birds, just friends.” Ava insists.
***

“Jimmy was taken home to the Inn by Dr. Mom, who explained to Marie Walker, what had happened to Jimmy at Cook’s Hill.  He had lost his balance when Roger had accidently bumped into him. Jimmy slid down to the bottom of the hill and landed up against a tree and knocked the wind out of him.  He was okay, just a few bruises and muscle aches.  He would be alright in a few days, back to his old normal self.  Jimmy protested that Dr. Mom made him feel like as old as Grandfather Tom was.  She had to laugh at Jimmy when he shuffled off to his room feeling like as old as his Grandfather Tom.  Marie turned to Sersha.
“Ricky told me what really happened. What got into Roger to get into a fight over a girl Sersha.” Marie asked.
“Oh, you know boys, Roger saw his girl with Jimmy, and jumped to the wrong conclusion Marie.” Sersha said.
“Ricky tells me this Scarlett Hill was flirting with Jimmy and Jimmy rebuffed her.  Ricky also told me that Scarlett has a nasty reputation when it comes to being a tease and stringing along two boys at one time.” Marie said.
“That just about sums up the problem, and why Roger let that “Green Eye Monster of Jealousy” loose. Andrew had Scarlett, her Mother, Roger, and his father in at the station to sort things out. It would appear Scarlett convinced her mother that Roger assaulter her, and Jimmy came to her rescue and that was when Roger decked Jimmy down the hill. Mrs. Hill convinced Scarlett to press charges against Roger.  Jake responded to the 911 call by the twins that Jimmy was hurt. He got a different story as to want really happened by those who saw and heard what happened. When he found Scarlett down the road she told her story, which contradicted what Jake was told by witnesses.” 
“I problem shouldn’t gossip, but guess where Jake found Scarlett, in Steve Evans car in a hot embrace. When Jake made his report to Andrew, well you know Andrew, he called a war meeting between all parties concerned.  Roger admitted why he hit Jimmy or rather pushed him, and made it clear it was before he took Scarlett’s hand trying to convince her to leave with him. She stormed off in one direction, and Roger in the other direction.  As Andrew saw it, someone was lying, and he laid the down the law when he said, both Roger and Scarlett could be charged for aggravated assault because Scarlett deliberately bated Roger to fight Jimmy. And if she held to her claim that Roger assaulted her and tried to break her wrist and force her to leave with him against her will. Well Andrew told Scarlett, Roger could face felony attempted kidnapping charges, and if found guilty he could  face prison time for a good share of his life. Scarlett insisted she was telling the truth.” 
Then Andrew told Mrs. Hill where Jake had found Scarlett and whose car she was in having a passionate moment with Steve Evans. Well, that settled the matter with Mrs. Hill, and Scarlett dropped the charges against Roger.  Jimmy had already told Jake he wasn’t going to press charges against Roger his official statement is he lost his balance when Roger playfully nudged him. Roger agreed he will pay for the expenses occurred at the clinic and the ambulance ride.  Officially it is a sledding accident.  Accounting will be billing Mr. Wilks and he will be taking it out of Rogers college fund.  So, you  shouldn’t have to worry about your insurance company rejecting the coverage. The twins tell me that Jimmy is mad at Roger, not for hitting him, but for believing he was stealing his girl.  Jimmy’s going to let Roger stew for a while before he lets Roger offer the olive branch.” Sersha explained.
“You think Jimmy will let Roger stew that long?” Marie asked.
“Charley says Jimmy told him, and I quote, “A Cold pot of stew is want he is going to get from me, then a little flame of fire to start with, until it is a bonfire, and he is jumping out of the pot into an active volcano. Jimmy told Charley.”
“That sounds like Jimmy alright, always thinking of dishing out a life lesson, rather than turn his back on a friend.  His father was like that if you recall.” Marie said.
“Yes, he is, that’s why I know Roger will learn his lesson, and offer that olive branch along with a gallon of Olive oil to anoint Jimmy’s feet with.” Sersha said. The two women laughed at the image that went through their minds.
***
“Mr. Lake, you have a moment?” Billy Sikes steps into Jackson Lakes office downtown.
“Come on in, Billy, I always have a moment to spare around here.  Don’t know why I come in to the office every day?  I have a very capable staff with just enough autonomous authority to do my work for me.  The only thing left for me to do is sign the payroll checks. What can I do for you Billy?” Mr. Jackson asks. 
“I wanted to thank you for the offering a fair price for the house. The equity I will get will help a lot.  Just need to find an apartment I can afford on my wages from the Drug Store.” Billy told Mr. Jackson.
“Well, Billy I have been thinking about that apartment situation.  There is going to be a one-bedroom unit upstairs above the offices here.  My Bookkeeper is retiring in 60 days. Noah Ward started working for my father when he was about your age. Started out as Dads bookkeeping clerk, under the head bookkeeper, learned everything he needed to know about bookkeeping from that head clerk. Eventually, filled his shoes when he retired.  I will be looking for another young man to train under Noah until he retires.  It’s not a difficult job, basic two column entries, and these days, it’s all done on the computer using the latest software. Which does all the work, just need to know how to use the software?  Jake tells me you took Bookkeeping in your senior year at Apple Valley High School.  Said you did fairly well in it.” Mr. Lake stated.
“Yes, I did Mr. Lake.  I sorted like learning how to use the software and the basic principles behind bookkeeping.  Even thought I would eventually pick up an online course at the community college. But never got around to it. Just didn’t have the money to spare for the online course. Spent most of my money helping Dad out keeping up the second mortgage on the house and all.” Billy said.
“Well, Noah’s been hoping someone like you would come along. He believes it is better to get a green apple to train then someone he would have to untrain when it comes to our way of doing things.  We basically deal with Accounts receivable from Tennant’s rent and our Commercial leases. Accounts payable is payroll, insurances & liability, maintenance, and office expenses, and Mortgages. Most of my Commercial leases have what we call do-it-yourself maintenance agreements.  Which give the lessee a tax break for keeping up the building they lease and saves the headache of maintenance costs outside of major mechanical repairs and building codes.” 
With our residential tenants, we take care of much the same, provide stove and refrigerator, and any upgrades needed on carpets and flooring. The tenant takes care of interior painting and any tenant caused damages. Lawn and landscaping maintenance is our only monthly expense that is recurring. Would you be interested. You get a discount on the apartment rent along with a good starting wage and incentive to further your education.  Like covering your tuition for those online courses at community college.  I am sure you’re not getting the kind of wages you need to get by on now. That equity could go a long way and  further for you then if you had to see it dwindle down faster than you expected.  So, Billy are you up for the challenge?” Mr. Lake asked him.
 “Yes, Sir, Mr. Lake.”
“Then consider yourself hired. Now, you need to tell Don Harris at the drug store you have accepted my offer.  He is expecting you. Told me he could fill your position at the Soda Fountain without any trouble if he needed too.” It’s a Friday, so, Noah expects you bright and early Monday morning.  You can ride with me to the office. You can stay at the mansion until Noah retires and releases the apartment to you. Welcome to Lake enterprises, Limited,  Billy.  We may be limited in brains, but we make up for that with experience and lots of luck.  Not exactly a good formula for running a business, but the Lakes have been at it for more than 170 years. And that is experience you can’t get these days. Now off with you, you can worry about the new hire paper work Monday and staff orientation then.”
Billy leaves Mr. Lakes office, giving a silent prayer to the God of luck.  The same God that provides you bounty in your hour of need, and the kind of Friendship that is worth all the Gold in Fort Knox.  He adds to his prayer, “Mom tell Dad, not to worry, I will be alright.” Billy leaves behind his troubles for the first time in so long, he just can’t believe how lucky he is.


Chapter Four
I have been Hacked.


Penelope Jordan, Donald Creavy’ s Aunt, was in the backroom of her shop in town finishing up some last minutes orders for Christmas.  It was Three days before Christmas. She had just wrapped the last item and stuck a name tag on it.  Her Customer would pick it up first thing in Christmas Eve morning. She was just about to go out to into the store, when the front door to the shop entry bell announced she had a customer. When she walked out to greet the customer she was shocked to see who had walked in.
“What are you doing here, get out of my store. You are not wanted here.” She told her customer.
“Now is that the way to treat your brother-in-law Penny.”
“Liam Creavy, you ceased being my brother-in-law when you got my sister hooked on drugs, then left her to raise an infant alone.  Donald’s Mother is in prison because of you and your drug dealings and getting her hooked.  Get out of my store, or I will call the police and have you arrested.” Aunt Penelope shouted.
“On what charges Penny. The last time I looked in a law book it wasn’t illegal to walk into a store to shop around.” Donald’s father told her.
“The last time I checked, you were still a wanted man in Jersey City something to do about suspicion of Murder and drug trafficking.” Aunt Penelope told him.
“Now listen here, Penny Jordan, they didn’t catch me, and they can’t pen anything on me if they haven’t got me. They can call it whatever they want.  It’s just suspicion.  If they had any real proof, why call it suspicion. And they never will have any proof.” Donald’s father told Aunt Penelope.
“My sister had proof, but she was so doped up, the prosecutor didn’t believe her, or you wouldn’t be standing here under suspicion of Murder and drug trafficking.  You be on the FBI’s most wanted list.  I bet you where the one who kept her drugged up from where ever you been hiding, until she ended up in a prison hospital ward out of her mind. Now get out!” Aunt Penelope tries to push Creavy out the door.
“Now you just hold on here, women.  I want some information. Where is your sister’s boy, my son?  I have a right to know, I am Donald’s father.” He demanded.
“You have no right to know that from the first day you left him in the care of his drug addicted mother and became a fugitive of the law.” Aunt Penelope reaches for her cell phone on the counter. Creavy grabs her arm and pen’s it behind her back pushing her up against the counter. 
“You won’t be calling no-one until you tell me where my son is.” Creavy puts pressure on her arm.
“I will tell you nothing. For someone who claims he has done nothing wrong and not wanted by the law. You think strong arming me, threatening me in my store is just another suspicious act of violence.  Look around you Creavy, see those security camera’s, there is my proof, and it’s not suspicion either, it’s fact.” Penelope tells him.
Creavy looks around the store, spots 3 camera’s. “Where’s the monitor, tell me, or I will break your arm for sure.” Creavy puts more pressure on the arm.
“It’s in the backroom.”
“Okay Penny, you are going to show me where, and you are going erase any recordings of me being here.” Creavy forces her into the backroom. Where Creavy spots the monitor and the recording device, he reaches over and turns the monitor off.  He drags Aunt Penelope over to it to make her erase the digital recording. The front door bell rings, a customer was coming in. Creavy looks around the backroom. Spots the backdoor. “Where does that lead to quick or you’re a dead women.
“The alley out back.”
Creavy pulls out a black jack from his waist and slugs Aunt Penelope on the back of her head. She screams and collapses to the floor.  Creavy races out the back door and down the alley.
“Aunt Penelope where are you.” Donald runs into the backroom, Aunt Penelope is on the floor, not moving. He sees the back door open, goes over and sees no one in the alley. He pulls his phone out and calls 911.
***
Donald Creavy paces the floor in the E.R. waiting room.  Where the E.R. Doctor is treating her.  Dr. Mom comes in to the waiting room from the E.R. treatment rooms.
“Donald, what happened?” She asked.
“I don’t know Dr. Capp.  I just came into the shop expecting Aunt Penny to be at the counter, I was just about to go to the backroom when I heard her scream.  I rush in and found her on the floor. The backdoor was open.  She never has the backdoor open.  I rushed out and found no-one in the alley. Then I called 911.” Donald told her.
“Well, someone slugged her on the back of her neck with a weapon of some sort.  She is unconscious still, though her vitals are holding in there. Which is a good sign. She is being taken for an MRI for a scan to see what damage there is.  It could just be a concussion and she will come out of it soon. We want to be sure it’s not a serious one. If it is, we might have to go in and relieve the pressure with surgery. We also noticed her left arm at the shoulder has been hurt, as if someone were twisting it severely behind her. Strong arming her we call it. Typical of someone trying to force her to do something. When you came into the store, whoever it was panicked and struck her unconscious with something then fled out the back door. The E.R. Doctor things it could be a blackjack or something similar. We will know more when we get the MRI results. Until then, try and relax, don’t want you in the E.R. in a bed next to her do we.” Dr. Capp told the boy. “Better yet, why don’t I call one of the Twins to come over and set with you, always better to have someone with you. You shouldn’t have be here alone.”
Twenty minutes later, Charley, Roy, Denny, Ava, and Aunt Nellie enter the E.R. waiting room.  They find the Sheriff talking to Donald.  “Donald I know you told all this to Officer Miller.  Is there anything you might have missed telling him?”
“No, Sheriff Capp.  As I told Officer Miller, I had come into the store, expecting to see Aunt Penny at the counter, when I heard her scream from the back room. When I rushed in she was on the floor not moving.  I noticed the backdoor open, and I looked out expecting to see someone running down the alley.  It’s a blind alley so there was only one way to leave the alley.  I saw no one. Then I called 911.  It happened all so fast.” Donald told the Sheriff.  
“That is usually how it goes Donald. Never in slow motion where you can catch the crook in the act.  I have gone over the store and the register’s appears to have all its money in it.  You will have to later check the store inventory to see if you notice anything missing.  It would appear that the security camera’s where off. Are they working Donald?” the Sheriff asks. 
“That’s funny, Sheriff, Aunt Penny never turns the system off or the monitor. She spends a good share of her time in the backroom at her work table, where she can watch who comes into the store.  The front door also as a bell announcer on it.  If the monitor is off, the cameras are still on recording.”
“I have to go back and check the recordings in the morning. Does the back room have a camera in it Donald?” The Sheriff asks.
“No. it made Aunt Penny nervous to watch herself at the work table. She had that camera moved into the store to cover a blind spot in the store.” Donald said.
”Won’t help us if the intruder came in and out of the backdoor.  Is it always locked?”
“Yes, Aunt Penny never used the Alley entrance to open the store. Didn’t feel safe in the alley that early in the morning or at night leaving.  Only opened it for when a scheduled delivery arrived and there was no deliveries scheduled until next week”. Donald explained.
“Then the person who attacked your Aunt had to come in through the front door where 3 camera’s recorded him. Is that the recorder under the monitor I saw?” he asked.
“Oh no, that is a dummy, the real recorder is hidden in the broom closet in the work room. Aunt Penny thought it would be safer there in case someone broke in and tried to steal it. It’s the most expensive part of the system she says.” Donald told the Sheriff.
“Smart women, your Aunt Penny. So far we have only an interrupted robbery attempt and assault. My forensic team has taken fingerprints of the front door, counter, register, and backroom and back door.  The front door may have to many prints to single out any one suspect unless they are on the database. Better chance the backdoor will give us a good print and any footage off the security camera’s.  Right now, it is going to be a wait and see until we have all this evidence in hand.  If it’s a local which I seriously doubt, but it could be.   It could be an out of towner passing through looking for a quick smash and grab.  I am just curious as to why they didn’t just grab the money and run.  Not typical for a smash and grab to use violence.  They want to be in and out fast before anyone is aware what is going done.  Also, not typical to strong arm someone, then bash them in the head.  Most merchants know for insurance reason to hand over the money and let them leave.  Not to resist even when it is an unarmed robbery. Listen Donald your Aunt Penny is a tough girl, she will pull through.  I want you to know your welcome to come spend the night with the boys.  You don’t need to go this alone.” Sheriff Capp tried to comfort Donald. 
“He’s right Donald, plenty of room at the Capp’s, better there, then in the Capp clinic’s waiting room. Charley told him.
“Thanks Charley, I need to stay here until I know Aunt Penny will be okay.” Donald stated.
“We are here to wait with you Donald. Sort of have our name on the building you know. So, they can’t kick us out for loitering.” Roy said.
“In fact, why don’t the six of us go down to the cafeteria and get us something to eat.  I am sure Aunt Nellie would be glad to stay here.  She will let them know where you are if they need you. I will treat you all to a hamburger and fries.” Denny offered.
“Donald you go with the boys and Ava. I’ll be fine waiting here. I might even look up Sersha and see if there is any news yet.” Aunt Nellie told Donald.  Donald, the boys, and Ava went down to the cafeteria where they made Donald eat a hamburger, fries and have a soda.  Charley asked Donald what happened, and Donald had to tell the story all over again.  He didn’t seem stressed out retelling the story this time.
The boys and Ava was just about ready to go back up to the E.R. waiting room when Aunt Nellie showed up with Dr. Capp. “Donald your Aunt is going to be okay.  The MRI showed an area of her brain where she was struck swelling up with fluid. We did a procedure on her that released that pressure on the brain. Her vitals are improving, and she is showing signs of awareness and responding better to stimuli.  It will most likely take most of the night for her to awake.  I assure you she will awake just not that any time soon. The brain needs time to respond to the lack of that pressure of the fluid building up on it. Shouldn’t be any long-term problems either as we got that pressure released before that could happen.  She will deal with a headache for several days which is normal and be sensitive to light. Beyond that she will have a full recovery.  It’s best she has no visitors for now. She needs her rest. Why don’t you go home with the boys, and Aunt Nellie?  When I get home later I’ll give you an update.  Thank you Ava for driving Aunt Nellie and the boys over.” Dr. Mom told to Ava. 
“It was my pleasure, Dr. Capp.” Ava said.
“Now off with you all now before I have security kick you out for loitering. And Roy the standing orders around here is just because your last name is Capp and it is the Capp clinic, doesn’t mean you can have special privileges.” Dr. Mom told her son.
On the way out, Roy commented to the others. “How do these McKelly women do it? It’s canny how Dr. Mom and Aunt Nellie always seem to hear everything I say.”
Aunt Nellie turns to Roy. “I told you Roy, the McKelly women have Fey blood in them. Just count yourself lucking I don’t replace you with a changeling and imprison you in the Fairy Underworld.”
“Denny is your Aunt Nellie serious” Ava asks.
“Don’t know Ava, but I am never going to believe she isn’t Fey.  I don’t want to be a changeling to find out she was serious.  Aunt Nellie like Aunt Sersha can be scary when they act weird.” Denny admitted to Ava.
***

Emily Brooks was in the kitchen when her hack alarm sounded, alerting her to an unauthorized outside attempt to get into her data files.  Then Denny’s remote wireless recorder alarm clock beeped three times telling her it was recording the hack attempt.  By the time she maneuvered her wheelchair around to her workstation the Alarm clock beeped three times again telling her the remote download had ended.  She brought her security software up on her screen to see who had hacked into her computer.  It told her the hack attempt lasted a mere 45 seconds and failed to get through her firewall.  She then checked her security log entries to see who and where the failed hack originated from.  It told her the time the hack started, the length of times and what files it was attempting to access. The files where her complete work files of all her clients, which the hacker failed to access.  However, the attempt didn’t last long enough to get a point of origin where the hack came from. 
Emily swore then cussed some more. Without the origin she couldn’t know who or where it came from. As far as, she knew it could have been a random hacking the kind that goes out to as many computer systems as possible to retrieve possible personal data, financial records, passwords, and sensitive files.  Her security system blocked the attempt.  Her first hack attempt on her work computer and personal computer.  She immediately, unplugged her computers from the Wi-Fi Router.  Using her cell phone network, she accessed a website she subscripted to that would report such massive hacking attempts, and how many people, companies, or governments where affected. There was no current updated report for today’s hacking attempts.  The last update was 45 minutes ago which didn’t fit the timeframe of her hacking attempt.  The reporting agency was good at reporting new attacks, within 10 minutes from the of a major hack.  She used her phone to report her failed attempt, given her account subscription #, time of hack, what it was attempting to download and how long the failed attempt lasted.  If it were a major hack, the agency would be getting reports from all over the world.
Emily would have to wait until she got a report back from the agency.  Until then, she couldn’t use her computers for online work or software linked to online sources.  It meant possibly a whole day of work lost.  Unless she gets a report with the location code and source of the hack she couldn’t block any further attempts to hack her computers from that source. She decided to unplug her Wi-Fi Router to prevent the hacker from infecting it the kind of virus that would invade her computers when she reconnected them back to the router.  She forgot all about the remote wireless backup system Denny had installed. She went back to the kitchen and finished the meal she was preparing for herself.  Ava had been at the Clinic with Denny, and the twins, and Aunt Nellie.  One of the G.A.V.A Club members Aunt was in the E.R,  after being attacked in her store, a possible burglar attempt. Ava texted saying  she was taking Aunt Nellie and the boys home then home herself.
Emily’s phone rang just after she had finished doing dishes after her meal. She thought it was Ava checking in.  It was the hacking report she had been waiting for. They reported no hacking attempts on the level that there had been other reports.  Hers was the only report to come in.  They would register it as a lone hacker attempt and would give her further update if there were other isolated attempts not yet reported at this time. Emily was disappointed.  It meant she had no way of knowing if it was an attempt to access her specific client data, or just some nerdy geek having fun.  She did know she had to report to her clients there where an attempted hack on her system that held there data. To do that she had to reconnect her router and work computer to her internet which would be a risk to her system. She decided to call Ava, to ask Denny if he had a spare router that would be compatible to her current router.
She explained to Ava, what happened and why she needed an unaffected router to reconnect to her computers. Denny talked to Mrs. Brooks and asked what brand of router and services she was using for her Wi-Fi.  With that information, Denny checked to see if he had a compatible router.
“Sorry Mrs. Brooks I have nothing that would work with your service. If Ava can take me over to Bixby, I can pick up a router that will work for you.  George Clark is my Tech installer for the security system we had installed recently in your home. I have already called him, and he assures me he has the router you need, brand new and in the box. It’s a 30 minute ride to Bixby we should be back about 50 minutes after that, 90 minutes top.” Denny told Mrs. Brooks.
“That would be wonderful Denny.  I am lost without my internet and can’t report to my clients that I had a failed hacking attempt on my system.  I have a 6-hour window to report to them, or I could lose my contracts with them for failure to report to them in a reasonable time.” Mrs. Brooks told Denny.
“Don’t worry Mrs. Brooks, we will have you up and running in no time.” Denny told her.
“Thanks Denny, don’t rush, tell Ava not to exceed the speed limit.  It’s important, not that important to get a speeding ticket.  I got until 9 pm to get this report out.  It is now 4 pm.  I will have plenty of time. Ask Ava while she is in Bixby, to pick up some groceries at that Whole Food store.  I will text her the list.” Mrs. Brook told Denny.
“Consider it done Mrs. Brooks.  We will be on our way then.” Denny ended the call. Mrs. Brooks took time to text Ava’s phone with the short list of things she needed. Then decided to clear off the router from her desk and out of the way for Denny when he and Ava got back from Bixby.  With nothing more to do, she decided to watch some television and catch up on the news.  She moves out of her chair to slide on to the couch where she could relax.  Forty-five  minutes later, caught dosing she is awaken by the front door bell.  She reaches for her cell phone and activates the doorbell camera. There are two gentlemen in suits. With the intercom she speaks to them.
“Hello, can I help you gentlemen?” she asks.
“Mrs. Emily Brooks?” One Gentlemen asks. 
“Yes,” she answers back.
“Mrs. Brooks, we are from the SEC, and would like to speak to you please.” The second gentlemen holds up an ID to the camera briefly.
“Just a moment gentlemen. It will take me a few minutes to get into my wheelchair, and to the door.” Mrs., Brooks tells them.
“We are aware of your circumstances Mrs. Brooks. Take your time.” The first Gentlemen tells her.
Emily finally reaches the door.  She puts the new security system on standby, so the gentlemen can enter without setting off the alarm. She opens the door and invites them in.  The two gentlemen enter, each rolling in a wheeled case.  She directs them to the living room and asks them to sit and be comfortable.
“We will stand for now, thank you, it was a long ride here to Grand Apple Valley Junction. Is your daughter home Mrs. Brooks?” the second gentlemen asked.
“No, she is on a shopping trip to Bixby for me. I don’t expect her back for another hour or so. Is this about Wyatt Young and Young investments gentlemen.” She asks.
“Yes it is Mrs. Brooks. Jules will you check the other rooms for me please.  Mrs. Brooks we have a report from Young investments that you’re a private Cybersecurity contractor for Young Investments. Is that right?
“Yes, I am.” She replies.
Jules returns to the living room. “Everything is all clear Leo.”
“Mrs. Brooks, Gabriel Green, Financial Executive Officer at Young Investments has filed a formal complaint against you, saying you accessed his Financial servers, and extracted unauthorized data from them.  Data that has disappeared from those servers your contract says you had no contractual rights to access.  He also claims Wyatt Young gave you his personal  security Codes to breach the firewalls on that server. Wyatt Young is under suspicion of syphoning money off his clients investment accounts.  He has escaped the authorities.  I am sorry but we must take you in on suspicion of aiding Mr. Young in his embezzlement of his clients’ money. We will be impounding all your computer drives, both external and internal drives.” Leo told Mrs. Brooks. “Jules you know what to do. Remove all the drives from the computers, make sure there is no external drives, thumb drives, SD cards connected to the computers. Remove them all. Jules gets busy unplugging first the personal P.C. and last Emily’s work computer. Three beeps go off on the alarm clock next to the couch. 
“What’s the alarm for Mrs. Brooks? Leo asks.
“I was watching Tv. The alarm is to wake me up if I snoozed off.  Let me silence it before it goes off again.  It beeped three more times and louder before Emily could turn it off. She taps the off button on top.
“Thank you Mrs. Brooks. Jules are you about done there. We are running out of time if we want to get back to the Sheriff station.  The Sheriff is waiting for us.  I am sorry Mrs. Brooks. We will be taking you to the Sheriff station where you will be held until Jules can check your drives and storage devices. If we find what we are looking for you will be formally arrested.  If we don’t, then you will be released with our apologize.” Leo told her. Jules is busy with extracting those drives with the efficiency of a Tech. From his case he brings out cordless drills and quickly has the two computers opened.  He literally pulls each hard drive off their ribbon serial cables they are attached to with one jerk.  Looks into the computer inners and confirm there are no addition drives.
Jules turns to Leo. “I have everything I can find that is remotely a data storage device.”  Her bedroom was clear of anything, no laptops or tablets.” Jules turns to Mrs. Brooks.  Does your Daughter have a laptop or tablet Mrs. Brooks?”
“Just a Laptop, but it is with her. She uses it for her schoolwork.” Emily told them.
“Well, we can’t wait for her to get home Leo. We can always come back and retrieve it if we need too.” Jules says.
“Okay, load everything up in the van Jules, Mrs. Brooks we came with a wheel chair accessible van. We will have your daughter bring an overnight bag to the sheriff station later when she gets back home.  If you please.”
“I will need my medication, it’s the blue med box in the bathroom on the vanity. If you if will get it for me. I would appreciate it.”
“Why don’t you go out to the van then, I don’t think you are going to ran away on me.  I will get your meds. Then shut and lock the door for you.”
“My keys are on the little table next to the front door. If you will do be the favor and punch in the key code 234 on the alarm system it will reset it and give you 2 minutes to lock up.” Emily drives her wheelchair out the door to the paneled Van where Jules has the ramp down waiting for her.  Leo comes out holding the blue med box, locks the door.  Mrs. Brooks is in the van her wheel chair died down.  Leo gets in the driver’s seat and Jules is in the back of the van where he has a tech station set up.  As Leo drives off, Jules starts reconnecting the two internal drives to his main computer system and starts a file search.  Meanwhile he starts plugging in the thumb drives into a USB, multiport bar, and the SD cards into a multiport reader each hooked up to separate laptops. He is very efficient and skilled at what he is doing.  
Mrs. Brooks notices from her place behind the front seats, that Leo is driving in the wrong direction.
“You are going the wrong way, the sheriff station is in the opposite direction.” She tells Leo.
“I know Mrs. Brooks. Don’t give us any trouble and we won’t have to gag you. So just sit there and be quiet so Jules can do his thing.”
“You are not SEC are you?”
“No, we are not Mrs. Brooks.”
***

Denny and Ava make it to Bixby in the time Denny thought it would take.  The first stop was at George Clark’s electronic store where George has the new router bagged up.  Denny tells him to put on his account with 20% surcharge to cover his time in keeping the store open for him. Then Ava, drives over to the whole food store where she fill’s her mother’s list.  The place was busy at that hour, so it took a little longer for them to get through the check out.  Ava asks Denny if they had time go through the drive in to get some taco’s and drinks, they can eat in the parking lot of the Taco Joint. Denny agrees they have the time.  Ava treats Denny this time as Denny treated her at lunch at the clinic cafeteria. By the time they are on the road again for the 30-minute drive home they killed nearly 2 hours of their time in Bixby. It was 6:30 before they arrived at Ava’s house. 
The first thing Ava noticed as she entered the front door was that the new alarm system didn’t start beeping, the warning to disarm the alarm. Then she noticed that the Tv was still on and her mother wasn’t as expected sitting at her workstation.  Then she noticed the disarray of her mother’s workstation and the two computers laying on their sides and the inners slid out.  She called for her mother and got no answer.  She raced to the bathroom and then her bedrooms.  No Mother, she runs back into the living room.
“Denny, something is wrong, I can’t find Mother.” Panic rising in her voice.
“Maybe she’s in the backyard.”
“She never goes out there. It’s all lawn and too soft for her heavy motorized wheelchair. She would get bogged down out there.” Ava told him. “Look Denny, why would she dismantled her computers, if it is just a router problem. It’s over there on that end table.”
“You go out and check anyways to be make sure.” Denny walks over to the workstation and inspects the computers. The first thing he notices is the hard drives are missing, ripped off there ribbon serial cables.  He searches the desks and discovers all her USB Thumb drives and SD cards are missing. Ava returns back into the house.
“She not been out there Denny.” Ave says.
“Ava, all the hard drives, Thumb drives, and SD cards are missing. The hard drives where ripped out of the computers.  I need you to go over to the neighbors and see if they saw her leave the house.  I am calling Uncle Andrew. Something is certainly wrong here.
Fifteen  minutes later, Sheriff Capp arrives at the house in his cruiser, with Jake Lake behind him in his cruiser. Denny and Ava shows the Sheriff the two computers and what is missing from them. Ava tells the sheriff the recent problems her mother had over a clients cybersecurity issues, and that client disappearing under suspicion of embezzlement. She had reported to the client what she found in her last cybersecurity check of his systems and her suspicion that his Financial Executive Officer was syphoning money out of his clients investment accounts.
Then Denny told him that this afternoon she had been hacked, which failed to access her data and Mrs. Brooks had asked to get him a new router to replace the old router just in case it had a virus in it designed to repeat the hack until it worked.  Ava took him to Bixby to get a new one for her from George Clark.  When they got back Ava’s mother was missing and the computers trashed.  
Ava told the Sheriff she checked with the neighbors and one reports a paneled van pulled up to the house around 4:45 p.m., and two gentlemen in suits got out with two roll on cases.  Mrs. Brooks let them in as if she knew them. About around 5:50 p.m.,  He saw one of the gentlemen haul the two cases into the van, then a wheelchair ramp was lowered down out of the Van.  Ava’s mother drove her wheelchair out of the house and into the van.  Then the second gentlemen came out of the  house locked the door and got into the driver’s seat and left.  They left west down the street out of site. 
“Ava, take deputy Jake over to the neighbor so he can get a description of the van.  Denny, have you touched any parts of these computers inside and out?  Not today Sheriff, I helped Mrs. Brooks two days ago, do some maintenance on her system. So, my prints should be all over it, as well as, Ava’s and Mrs. Brooks.” Denny told him.
“That’s alright Denny. We will eliminate your prints and hopefully the two guys where not using gloves. Why they need to steal the hard drives and all the Thumb drives and memory cards. We may never know what is on them.  I afraid a Data thrift like this is most often an attempt to destroy data. Rather than use it for some data crime. Where the two computers plugged in when you and Ava came in?” he asked.
“No Sheriff, they were not. Wait that’s right sheriff they were not.” Denny explains to the Sheriff why that was important.  He shows him the prototype hidden wireless remote back up drive he had Mrs. Brooks testing on her work station. It has its own internal Lithium power source and backs-up any assigned data wirelessly when the power goes off, or if a hack is attempted. The backup drive would have a complete back up of that data, and the entry logs showing who tried to hack into the computer’s hard drive.  He needed to have his special Thumb drive from home to retrieve that data.  
“Denny will this device clock lose its data if we unplug it and take it to your workroom in the attic?” the sheriff asks.
“No. it has an internal Lithium battery too,  like what you would find in a cell phone.” Denny states.
“Good, because I don’t want to leave the thing here. Unplug it and take it back with you.”  Deputy Jake and Ava return to the house.  “Jake, did you get a description of the van and the two guys.”  Yes, on the van, and it is iffy on the two guys. The neighbor knows the type, year, and model of the van as he once owned one like it. As for the two guys, two white men in dark suites, white shirts, black ties, shiny black shoes very dark glasses and dark short hair. Each between 5 feet 10 inches and 6 ft. 2 inches, give or take. He tells me they looked like federal agents to him.
“Great, all federal agents look alike these days.  Ava, was your mother expecting any federal agents to drop by? The sheriff asked.
“She did mention Security Exchange Commission should have been in contact with her by now regarding the cybersecurity breach at Young Investments.  Her broker client Wyatt Young  recently disappeared under a cloud of suspicion.  You don’t think it was them Sheriff Capp?” Ava asked.
“No. They don’t have a personal Law enforcement division of agents.  They give recommendations on the commencement of investigations of securities law violations and works closely with law enforcement agencies to take on criminal cases.  Mainly the FBI and Federal Marshals. The SEC don’t show up and arrest people and impound computers.” The Sheriff tells Ava.  “Jake, put out an all-points bulletin on the van and its occupants. Make sure they understand their might be a kidnapped women in a wheelchair in the van. Wanted for questioning on kidnapping, and theft Security Exchange Commission data. Get the station to alert the state police.  I will call the FBI Regional office in Chicago when I get back to the station.” Jake goes out to the cruiser to radio the station. “Ava, is there any other computers, laptops or tablets in the house they missed by chance.”
“Everything mother had was on that desk, except my laptop which I had in the van with me” Ava told the Sheriff.
“Listen Ava, any chance you mother downloaded any of her files on your laptop without you noticing it?”
“I don’t know Sheriff its possible.” Ava said.
“Denny can you check it for me when you get back to your workroom?”
“Sure Sheriff.” Denny stated.
“Okay, that’s about all I can do here for now. Ava it is not safe for you to be here overnight. I will call the Walker Inn. This time of the year they will have a room available. I will explain to Marie Walker it’s county sheriff business and she is not to let anyone know you are there.  Call it protective custody for now.  Pack an overnight bag for now, and don’t answer your cell phone for anyone, even if it is a familiar number. Use the desk phone at the inn, and all your calls from me or Denny will come through that phone.  These men are tech savvy, so they can trace your location.  And that reminds me Ava. I will need your mothers cell phone number, if she has her GPS active we might be able to locate her.” Sheriff Capp tells Ava.
“Thats right Sheriff.” Denny says. “Let me dial that number now and check.” Denny dials Mrs. Brooks phone number.  From the couch between the cushions come a muffled ringing of a cell phone.”
Ave rushes over to the couch and pulls out her mother’s phone where it had slipped between the cushions.  “Well Sheriff we know where her phone is.” Ava said.  You could hear the frustration in her voice.
“I guess using GPS to find her is out of the question.” Denny said. “Sorry Ava.”
“Thats alright Denny. Wait I just remembered. Mothers motorized wheelchair has a GPS theft system build into the chair’s electronics. We can trace her wheelchair.  Except we would have to have the phone number of the Wheelchair company to talk to them, and its stored-on mothers contact file on her computer’s hard drive.  I am not sure where she keeps the paperwork and manual are, with the service numbers.  We still have a bunch of boxes unpacked in the basement with old files and the like. By the time I find it anything go happen to....” Ava didn’t finish her sentence.
“That all right Ava.” Denny told her. “I remember the name of her chairs manufacturer.” I can look it up, and I am sure the Sheriff can get them to open up the files and start tracking the chairs movements.”
“He is right Ava. Once I get them to realize the urgency and situation. They can’t refuse me, or the FBI.  Denny I want that information as soon as you can before I call the FBI.” The Sheriff asks.
“Ava, get your laptop, and while you do that I will hook up the new router, and get the internet back on. Shouldn’t take us long to get online with them.” Denny tells the sheriff.  Twenty minutes later Denny has the manufacturer online, finds the make and model of Mrs. Brooks chair, then finds the GPS Theft division phone number.  He give the phone number and information about the chairs model to the sheriff.  Sheriff Capp said he would make the call from the station. While they were on the laptop, the Sheriff called the Walkers Inn and made arrangements with Marie Walker.  
“Ava get your overnight bag ready and out of there before the forensic team shows up.  I will drop Denny off at home, and you go directly to the Inn.  Park you van out back of the Inn in the alley out of sight.  Mrs. Walker will let you in the back door. Jimmy will be watching out for you. Stay put until I or one of my deputies gets in touch with you. Remember no cell phone, turn it off, and we will be in touch through the Inn’s landline.  Come one Denny, grab that clock and Ava’s laptop  You and I have a long night ahead of us.” On the way out the Sheriff gives Jake instructions to make sure Ava is out of the house before the forensic team arrives.  Jake make sure the house is secured after forensic is done. Then add the house to your patrol and call Officer Miller to do the same and overlap the patrol until morning.



Chapter Five
A Bird Called a Know it All.


Christmas Eve saw Aunt Penny awake in her hospital bed in the Capp clinic.  Donald her nephew sat next to her as she opened the Christmas cards that so many of her customers had sent her while she had been in the hospital for the last two days.  Donald had assured her that all the customers had come by the store this morning to pick up their gifts.  Many more dropped by and left get-well cards and Christmas cards.  Last minute sales where good.  He suspected many who came in to leave a card, bought a last-minute gift our of sympathy. He kept the store open until 4 p.m. as planned. 
“Are you sure you turned all the lights off, made sure the back door is locked, and dropped the bank bag off in the overnight drop slot. Donald.” Aunt Penny asked him.
“Yes, Aunt Penny.”
“Donald, I don’t know what I would do without you.” Aunt Penny told him.
“Aunt Penny, I don’t know what I would do without you. You give me a chance to be a better person.” Donald told her.
“You deserved to have a better chance Donald.  Your my sisters’ boy.  I know she would want me to help you.  Your mother wasn’t always what she became. She was a good person Donald.  It was the drugs that ruined her and the person who got her hooked-on drugs and kept her on drugs. It is why you mother is in prison for drug dealing. The same person who came into my store and did this to me Donald.  He is looking for you. Asked me where you were.  I told him I didn’t know.” Aunt Penny revealed to Donald for the first time since waking up this morning.
“What are you telling me Aunt Penny?” Donald demanded.
 “Your Father Donald, Liam Creavy that murderer and drug dealer.”
“I thought he was dead Aunt Penny, mother always told me he was dead.”
“No, you mother always wished he were dead. He’s has been hiding since after you were just a year old from the law in Jersey City for murder of an undercover cop who was posing as a member of his drug cartel.  Your mother saw your father do it.  She was so high on drugs, the prosecutors didn’t believe her when she tried to tell them it was her husband who killed the cop.  Then she recanted her story when you father managed to get to her, couldn’t remember where she was at the time. They couldn’t trust her story, and when your father managed to avoid arrest under suspicions of murder and drug trafficking, he disappeared from the streets. They were never able to find him and had to drop the charges without further evidence.  Your father showed up at the store and claimed he wasn’t wanted by the law. It was all unproven suspicion.  I made him admit that he kept your mother drugged, was her dealer behind the scenes so he could keep her drugged all the time.  His protection from the charges being reinstated.  He’s why your mother is in prison.  I believe he framed her to get her out of his way so he could have you.  I managed to convince the courts that you were better off with me.” Aunt Penny said.
“Does Sheriff Capp know this Aunt Penny?”
“Yes, he does now.  The security video revealed everything, the audio was very clear. The fingerprints didn’t show up on in the database. Which does not surprise me as your father was never arrested and printed.  He ran the prints in the unsolved crimes data base with the FBI. It seems you father has been busy in several states.  Those prints where the only prints on the backdoor that was new and fresh.  He slipped up there.  No doubt of that.  The FBI now have a name and face to the prints from several drug related crimes. The latest was in New Mexico.  Nothing showed up in New Jersey, New York, and anywhere on the east coast.  Always out west where it would appear he has been hiding since he left your mother and you 16 years ago.  I don’t know why he knew where I was. But given the nature of his business he most likely kept taps on you in Jersey City on these years through his drug network.  When you disappeared from the streets in Jersey City, he must have put the word out to find you.” Aunt Penny guessed.
“Why didn’t Sheriff Capp tell me all this Aunt Penny.” Donald asked. 
“I asked him not to until I told you. I thought it best it came from me Donald.”
“Donald I think it is time your Aunt gets some rest.” Dr. Capp tells Donald as she walks in the room.
“She needs to rest, and tomorrow you can come back in the afternoon.  The more rest she gets the sooner she can come home.  Another two days at most to make sure she is alright.  Will you wait for me out in the hallway Donald, I will give Aunt Penny a look over check her vitals, and then I can take you back you to the Capp home for boys. Aunt Nellie, and I are thinking of running away to an all-girls camp to get some peace and quiet with all that male testosterone in the house.” Dr. Capp told Donald.
“Dr. Capp I could go back to Aunt Penny place. I don’t mind being alone.” Donald said.
“You just forget that notion Donald. It’s Christmas Eve, you are expected, and Andrew thinks it would be safer for you. Right Aunt Penny.” Dr. Capp asks Aunt Penny.
“Donny Creavy, Dr. Capp is right. It would be safer for you and you know why.  I am sure the Sheriff needs to talk to you anyways.  Right Dr. Capp?” Aunt Penny passes the buck back to her.
“O’, smart move Penelope Jordan, make me the heavy now.” She teases Aunt Penny.  “I’m sorry Donald but she right you would be better off with us for the holidays until Aunt Penny can go home.  Out with you boy and don’t think about leaving without me, and that is the Sheriff’s orders, if you don’t want him turning his sirens on and running you down.” 
***

Ava Brooks sits in the Walker Inn Lobby waiting for the desk phone to ring and news about her mother.  It has been 2 days since her mother was kidnapped.  The last news she got was from Sheriff Capp telling her that the FBI was on their way to Grand Apple Valley Junction with a Kidnapping team to take over the investigation.  They have confirmed that no SEC or any Federal law enforcement agency has any issues with your mother. SEC does report they are in the preliminary process of filing recommendations that the FBI investigate Young Investments for under suspicion of SEC violations and why Wyatt Young has disappeared after he reported to them suspicious irregularities as reported by your mother.  The sheriff told Ava her mother is not a suspect in any involvement, nor have they heard anything from Young Investments naming her  mother a suspect in these irregularities. The FBI is also sending an investigating team to Young Investment to do an independent investigation on SEC’s recommendations.  Sheriff Capp told her, he had been told they are not revealing your mothers kidnapping to Young investments nor making it public at this time. Ava was told to keep it that way for now, outside of the Walkers, The Capps, Denny, and the County Sheriff station.
So, Ava is feeling very isolated right now.  Denny has not called today, nor has the Sheriff.  Denny has her laptop, and she could be at least studying or something. Winter break will end soon, and school will restart with new classes.  Mrs. Walker is busy with  last minute Christmas shopping.  Jimmy and Ricking are busy with Inn chores and housekeeping.  Terri Walker is over to Susy Wilks both girls home from different colleges, and the two other Inn guest are out as well.  She promised Mrs. Walker she would answer the phone while she was out, and the boys busy with Inn chores.  She even worried about Aunt Penny and how she was doing is she okay, awake, and how Donald is dealing with it. She wanted to jump in the van and go to the clinic but promised Mrs. Walker she would answer the phone. As she sat there thinking about the phone, the phone rang. She jumped. Realizing it was the phone ringing she runs over to the front desk and picks up the phone. “Walker Inn.”
“Ava, is that you, Denny here.”
“Yes, Denny it’s me who else would it be, Santa Claus” Ava was obviously irritated.
“Ava, what wrong?” Denny asks.
“Sorry, Denny, nothing’s wrong except being stuck here at the Inn.  Mrs. Walker is out shopping, Jimmy and Ricky are busy with housekeeping chores, and Terri is at Susy’s.  I am stuck watching the phone until Mrs. Walker gets back, which I hope will be soon.” Ava explains. “ I have not heard from Sheriff Capp either.”
“I calling to tell you that Aunt Penny is awake and is doing okay. The sheriff is busy Ava. He has two major crimes in one day.  I can’t give you any details as he is very tight lipped about ongoing cases.  But he has a lead on Aunt Penny’s attacker. He’s waiting on the FBI to arrive and my experience is that in route they are busy with their own investigation so by the time they get here.  The sheriff will get a full update. What I can tell you or should ask you.  Did you know your mother downloaded the Wheelchair GPS theft tracking software on your laptop?” 
“No, I didn’t Denny.” Ava confirmed.
“I didn’t think so. I have accessed that software, and I need a password to open it, and one hint or cue, which is what is your Grandmothers profession.  If your mother is like me we have only a few passwords we use so we don’t forget them or keep remembering where we wrote them down. The hint should be easy for you.” Denny tells Ava. 
“My Paternal Grandmother profession would be Nurse and my Maternal Grandmother would be teacher.  If my mother downloaded that software on my laptop she had to have my system password to make any changes or downloads to my laptop. We use the same passwords on most of our personal computers because we are often using each other’s.  She keeps her work computer passwords in a log book, which is hidden in her Wheelchair Denny.” Ava explains.
“Ava, what is the password I need?” Denny sounded annoyed.  
“Try supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.”
“Ava that’s to long for a password, and I don’t know how to spell it, or even say it.” Denny complains.
“I am joking Denny. It is “SuperCaliFrag#2”. Got that, Super Cali frag hash tag 2. Caps on the s in  super, and C in Cali and caps on the F.” Ava explains to Denny.
“Okay Ava, I will try the Nurse hint first. No good Ava, give me a second to reset, now let’s try teacher. We are in Ava. Oh fiddlesticks, I need her GPS code, wait, there a backdoor here to retrieve forgotten codes. I need an email registered to the account Ava?”  Denny asks.
“Use mine Denny, it reasonable to assume you would have to get the email on the same computer.”
“Darn it, it’s asking for another hint before it will sent the email out. What was your Fathers middle name Ava?”
“It’s Fredrick Denny. Mrs. Walker’s back from her shopping, I’ll be over in a few minutes.” Ava hangs up the phone.
“Was that for me Ava?” Mrs. Walker asks. 
“Sorry it was Denny for me.  If you don’t need me for anything else, I would like to go over to the Capps.” Ava asks. 
“No, I am done shopping. Any messages for me or Inn guest Ava?”
“Denny was the only phone call while you were out.  Jimmy and Ricky are still doing housekeeping. If you don’t need for anything else, I will be off.  If the Sheriff calls tell him I will be at the Capps with Denny.” Ava informs Mrs. Walker.
“Go on Ava, before you bust a stitch in your jeans.  I can see you can’t wait to see Denny.  I was that eager once when I first started dated Jimmy’s father.”
“We are not dating.” she yells back at Mrs. Walker as she heads for the back door out to her van.
“Are you sure, girl. Someone needs to tell you, you are.” Mrs. Walker shouts back at Ava, as Ava disappears out the back door.
Ava is greeted at the Capp’s door by Roy. “He is upstairs in his attic Ava. Mind you obey the house rules, “you must sit Six feet apart at all times.” Roy explains.
“Since when Roy?” Ava asks.
“Since you two started dating” Roy said.
“We are not dating Roy.” Ave shouts back at him as she races up to the attic.
“You can fool some of the people some of the time, but you can’t fool Aunt Nellie Ava.  She says you two are dating.” He yells back.  Ava is already up in the attic and didn’t hear him.
***

“Denny, did you get access to the GPS tracking site yet?” Ava asked as she entered the attic workroom.
“I am still waiting for the email to come through to give me the access code. Security is tight for a GPS tracking site.  I suppose they don’t want someone spying on their customers as they wheel around the place.” Denny said.
“Denny what is wrong, you seem a bit uptight than usual.” Ava asks. 
“What is that supposed to mean Ava.  A bit uptight than usual.  I am not usually uptight Ava.”
“Denny McKelly, I didn’t mean you are uptight all the time. Just today. I can go back to the Walker Inn if you like.” Ava snaps at him.
“Look who is being uptight now.” Denny accuses Ava.
“Denny, I am not being uptight.” Ave tells him.
“For two people who are not dating, you sure are acting like you are.” Said Aunt Nellie as she brings in a tray of chips and soda for the two.
Denny and Ava look at Aunt Nellie, then at each other.  Denny is the first to admit it. “Maybe we are Aunt Nellie, just haven’t realized it yet. Well Ava, are we dating?” Denny asks.
Denny McKelly, it’s about time you wake up and realized it.  Of course. we are dating.” Ava confesses.
“Well, its always the boy who is the last to know Ava. I’ll leave you two alone and you can figure out who is dating who.” Aunt Nellie leaves the attic. Denny looks at Ava.
“Ava, I know this isn’t the best time to say this, what with your mother missing, but well, I mean, will you consider us an item, more than just friends I suppose.” Denny supposes.
“Denny, I suppose we are an item. But you got to work on your romancing skills, or I will suppose we are not an item.  A girl likes a bit more than just “more than just friends I suppose.” Ave tells him.
“Sorry, Ava, I am a bit new at this, you will have to teach me how to romance you properly. Do I shower you with kisses, and diamond’s, or do I just buy you a dozen roses every day?”
“Denny I don’t know about diamonds, or roses. But I might kind of enjoy a kiss, that if you know how to kiss a girl properly.” Ava tells him.
“And how do you know how a girl should be kissed properly?  How many boyfriends have you had Ava Brooks?” Denny demands.
“Denny McKelly, I should be asking you how many girlfriends you have had.” Ave tries to change the subject.
“Well, there was that girl in the 2nd  grade, I proposed too. But she said no when she found out I had to kiss her when we got married. Then there was little Mary who had a lamb, but she wouldn’t leave her lamb for me.” Denny teased.
“Denny, if you don’t kiss me right now, I will...” Ava’s laptop beeped then announced you got Mail Ava.
“Hold that thought Ava. You got mail.” Denny laughed. Then kissed her on the lips. “that should hold you for a while, mailed delivered, Ava.” 
“That’s not how you play post office Denny.” Ava told him.
“Thats how I played it with April Cox in the 7th grade.” Denny blushed.
“Denny open that email before I hit over the head with my laptop. You can tell me later are many girlfriends you kissed in your dreams.” Ave demanded.
“Oh, right email. Been waiting for email. Right open the email. Did you know your eye’s closed when I kissed you?
“Denny O’Tomas McKelly, you men are all alike, “kiss a girl once and all you can think of is “Did you know your eyes closed when I kissed you”. Ava stated.
“Hey, you’re the one who wanted me to be more romantic. Make up your mind Ava. I’m only 16 and new at this.”
“Denny, I am too, so let’s focus on the email for now more kisses later. It could be from the GPS tracking site.” Ava reminder her.  Like cold water thrown on him. Denny turned to Ava’s laptop and opened her email. Sure, enough it was the email with the tracking code he needed.  He wrote it down on his note pad. Then saved the email.  He reopened the GPS software and went through the whole process of passwords and hints, then entered the GPS code.  A screen popped up asking for the user to allow the site to access its location.  Denny hit allowed, and the screen that popped up was a map of the Grand Apple Valley Junction immediate area. Denny was hoping for a red dot to appear none was shown. Then he expanded the area of the map, first out one mile then two miles and five miles then ten, until he had expanded the map to cover most of the county.  Off in the northeast corner of the county an icon of a wheelchair showed up with the Code id attached to it.  It matched the code registered to Ava’s mother wheelchair. Denny zoomed in to the area, until he had details of  roads and names of the roads, then moved the map around until he zeroed in on the exact location of the wheel chair and zoomed into as far as he could go.  It showed a farmhouse, a barn, and several smaller out buildings on County road 43 and a van sitting in the drive next to the farmhouse.
Denny hit the menu button and opened up the “How to get there from your location” feature.  The screen zoomed out and showed a green line mapping out the route from the Capp’s street to the Northeast corner of the county down county roads and finally to the farm house on County road 43, 62 miles from the Capp house.  Denny hits the print button and prints out the map and the route, which included the name of every road on that route and times between each marker on the map at the posted speed for each road.  Eighty minutes to the farm house at posted speeds.  Denny looked at his clock. It was 12:15.  He started adding up the time in his mind it would take to get as many G.A.V.A Club members he could get together, grab their emergency adventure backpacks, gas up Ava’s van and be on the way and in the area of the farmhouse to scout it out.  Then he figured in the time that he would spend convincing the Sheriff he had found Mrs. Brooks, explain how he managed that, and for the sheriff to get his deputies there. What if they had look outs posted on the road. A troop of county Sheriff cruisers might tip them off and put Mrs. Brooks in danger.  And since when did G.A.V.A Club pass up an adventure. Denny hollered for the twins. When they popped into the Attic he told them it was a code Brava Ten. He had found Ava’s mother, had her Wheelchair GPS locations, and it was time to call in the Calvary.  Charley, call  the Walker Inn and alert Jimmy and Ricky for a pickup in 20 minutes if they are available full GAVA gear. Roy call Roger tell him 25 minutes if he can go. Tell the three we are going to Bixby for shopping. Denny asked where Brian was, and Roy said in the downstairs watching Tv. Denny told Ava, to go and get him up here. Don’t let Aunt Nellie know, whisper in his ear code brava ten in the attic. Denny said he will know what it means.
“What about Donald, Denny?” . Roy asked.  
“Donald’s working his Aunt Penny’s store. He will not be able to make it. Times running out twins, tell the boys they will get the operational plan when we get on the road.  Pickup at the town square.” Ava returns to the attic with Brian. “Brian are you in for some adventure. We found Ava’s mother, get your adventure gear and be ready in 10 minutes. Mums the word everyone.  We will tell Aunt Nellie Ava’s taking you all out for some last-minute Christmas shopping to Bixby. Dress warm for the outdoors.” The twins make their phone calls while heading with Brian down stairs to their rooms.  Denny grabs his backpack and throughs in a few extra things from his adventure box where he kept his latest gadgets. While he was doing that he explained to Ava want he had planned to do and what code Brava Ten meant.  It was a call for all hands to rescue a damsel in distress and Mum is the word  which meant to sneak out of the house before Aunt Nellie gets suspicious, which is darn near impossible with that women. So, we are going shopping for some last-minute Christmas gifts we forgot to get.  Which we do every Christmas Eve Denny told her.
“Do you really think Aunt Nellie believes you are going out shopping Denny.” Ava askes.
“No, 10 to 1 she knows what we are planning, and knows to stop us would only have us really sneaking out behind her back, and she doesn’t like that kind of sneakiness, and recklessness. This way she knows we are prepared and have a plan in place.” Denny told Ava as he put the last gadget in his backpack. 
“Denny do we have a plan in place?” Ava asks. 
“No, but that has never stopped us.”  Denny replied. The Twins, and Brian return to the attic with theirs, wearing their winter clothes and boots.  Roy reports that Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger will be ready and waiting. Denny tells them they are ready then.
“What about Ava, Denny, she will need heavier winter clothes.” Charley asks. 
“Don’t worry Charley, Mother and I always have a winter emergency kit under the back seat and behind the seat in the chest there is winter clothes, boots, blankets, and water, first aid, and glow sticks and a radio” Ava told him. 
“Okay everyone you know the routine, I will distract Aunt Nellie and tell her we are going shopping for our annual last minute we forgot something for Christmas.  Ava will be taking us shopping this time to Bixby.  Follow the boys lead Ava. They have a special way of getting the backpacks out of the house so Aunt Nellie will not notice.” Denny told her.
Denny goes down to the kitchen and gets Aunt Nellie to step into the front room, and whispers in her ear.  “Aunt Nellie the GPS tracker located Ava’s Mother as I hoped.  I have called a Brava Ten and will be picking up Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger. It’s a scouting mission I promise.  We will be back by 5 p.m. the latest for sure. I left a map of where we are going on my desk.  Wish us luck.”  Denny speaks up for the others to hear.  “Aunt Nellie, Ava is taking us into Bixby shopping for some last-minute gifts. We will be back by 4 p.m. in time for Christmas Eve dinner.” Denny tells his Aunt.
“You boys better be, or you’ll have to deal with my disappointment and no Christmas Eve dinner either. Tell Ava to mind the roads this time of the year, they can be treacherous out there.”  Aunt Nellie out of the corner of her eyes sees Ava, Charley, Roy, and Brian leaving out of the back door through the kitchen.  Denny was not that far behind them.  Once outside and round the house to the driveway, the boys are picking up their backpacks from where they stuffed them out the second-floor hallway window facing the driveway.  Ava hands Denny his backpack and they all load up in the van. The twins and Brian take the back seat and unfold the side seat for two on the Driver’s side of the van.  Ava has them pull out a few blankets from the chest behind the back seat to put on the floor the third person to sit on. Denny his in the front passengers seat, and Ava climbs into the driver seat. Fifteen minutes later, they pick up Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger on the town square.  
Denny asks the three if they had any problems with their parents letting them go to Bixby?
***

Denny directed Ava to go to Bixby, then on to north Highway 12 until  she reached County Rd 43.  It was a direct route from Bixby. The route the map showed was from the Capp house  north through back county roads . The direct route from Bixby would shave off 20 minutes, and they would come in from the west side of the farmhouse.  Once on County road 43, she is to come to an Adam Rd., turn left, it is a dead end.  He explained that a cow pasture lane leads from Adam Road to the barn behind the farmhouse.  The satellite map showed the lane was wind swept clear of snow, so they wouldn’t have any problems walking up to the barn.  The Out buildings between the barn and the farmhouse would hid their approach.  They would find a way into the barn, and from there see what they can see of the farmhouse in the back and get a closer look at the lay of the land and outbuildings.
The adventures had no problem getting into the barn from a door on the back side of the old barn. They made their way up into the upper level of the barn, where Jimmy more familiar with barns then the city born.  Knew it would be typical for a window off the hayloft or sliding door on the front of the barn.  Once up there they found the window.  After scraping off the layer of dust from the window they had a good view of the back of the farmhouse and over the low-lying outbuildings.  The van that fit the description was still in the drive way as the Satellite imaged showed. The boys removed their backpacks and brought out the various items they had in them.  Flashlights, two-way radios, with contact mikes and ear plugs like the FBI used. Curtesy of Sarah Baker their former FBI Agent friend and Denny’s manager of the Copper Ore Lodge. 
There were varies gadgets that Denny invented, and the new gadgets Denny had in his pack.  One in particular was a long-range listening device that they needed to attach small like dart mikes on a window in the farmhouse.  Once in contact with the window they could listen to any talking in the farmhouse.  The mikes where delivered by a small drone that would shoot a dart on the windows.  Denny got busy setting up the drone and loading the six darts. Sliding open the hayloft door just far enough to lunch the drone from. Denny guided the drone using a camera on the drone’s control.  First he did a survey of the Farmhouse second level floor windows.  Picked those with lights on them.  He shot 3 darts, one on a back upper window, and one each side of the house. At the lower level he shot a dart on a front window, one side window, and what appeared to be a kitchen window.  He asked the boys to turn there radio’s to channel 1 for communication between each other. And Channel 2 would give them access to the audio on the darts.  Denny would be central communications, using the drone for a video feed on the boys movements as they moved  closer to the outbuildings and farmhouse.  He told Ava, to go with Brian, it was his job to see if he could spot which room on the ground level her Mother might be in. Denny told Ava he would use the drone to check the upper floor rooms with lights on them first, then the darken rooms as the drone camera had infrared lenses, which was a risk to use at close range into the dark windows as it would appear like red eyes peering in.  The drone was painted a neutral gray reflective finish that blended the drone into its surroundings, day, or night.
With their backpacks sorted out and their gadgets clipped to their belts, Denny sent first Jimmy and Ricky out to check for a way to get to the farmhouse unnoticed from the back.  The Twins he sent to west side of the farmhouse in a circle around the outbuildings to approach that side. Brian and Ava would hold back behind the closest outbuilding to the barn until either team  had spotted her mother in a room.  The goal was to communicate with Mrs. Brooks to alert her of their presence.  Ava was that point person, someone she would know.  On the way to the Farmhouse, Denny explained to Ava her role, and what to do if she found a way to open a window.  Give her mother a brief message to wait and help was on its way and a time line if they had one to give. The second mission was to find a way inside the farmhouse from the back.  Hopefully, an unlocked back door.  If not, each team has an auto lock pick device that would unlock a door quickly and quietly. Denny warned Ava to notice and remember her route to the farmhouse.  It would be her way back to the barn if he called everyone back if there was a sentry walking the grounds. The command on the radio would be fall back, or freeze meant to freeze in place, stay low and quiet. An all clear would mean to proceed as planned  or an, all clear to fall back was given. Code red was scatter to the hills back to the van as fast as they could.
Jimmy and Ricky reported that the windows in the back of the house where boarded up.  It would appear they were busted out.  The backdoor screen door was hanging off from its hinges. The door would need a closer look to see if it were locked.  Charley reported a few moments after that they spotted a window with a light on the west side center. Roy was getting a closer look to see who might be inside. Roy came on the radio whispering. “Send team 3 in, falling back I have spotted our target.”
  Denny ordered Ava and Brian to proceed to where team two was. “Team one, check that door, then fall back to the barn.  “Team Two take point on team 3 and assure they make contact.” Seconds later Denny orders a Freeze. “Freeze.  I have a conversation from the front room. Suspect one telling Suspect two, to bring Mrs. Brook out to the living room to keep an eye on her, while he leaves to go into Bixby for groceries. Team 3 fall back to Team Two stat and freeze. Team one status. “We are falling back to barn, farmhouse back door is now unlocked.”
“Team one I spot you, freeze in place, suspect one is leaving out the front door and heading for the van.  Team Two and Three, hold place until all clear.  You should see the van leaving west to Bixby, once it is clear all teams meet back to the barn.” Denny tells them. From the drone Denny fallows the van out of the driveway and down the road until it passes Adam road the limit of the drones flight path.  He controls the drone back to the barn.  All teams are back in the barn and heading up to the hayloft.
“Good work everyone the drone spotted Ava’s mother in the living room and suspect two is watching tv.. Suspect one is on his way to Bixby.  That gives us at least 45 minutes if not more. Ava, and the twins go back to the van wait for my signal and then, drive past the farmhouse and stop in the driveway. Keep the van running Ava, and ready to bring the ramp out. Charley and Roy get out and go to the front door and asks for directions. Jimmy, Ricky, and Brain I want you to be ready at the back door, when I give you the signal sneak in and make your way toward the front of the house. Stay out of sight and quiet.  I let you know when the twins are at the door.  Twins when I say jump you jump suspect two at the door knock him off balance. That is when Jimmy, Ricky and Brian will jump him from behind.  Have your zip ties ready to secure him Jimmy  Ava, I will tell you to lower the ramp.  Twins  make sure that plywood ramp on the front steps is secure for a quick exit to the van. Do you get the picture, catch the suspect off guard, jump and tie him up? Get Mrs. Brooks out and into the van. 
Ava, you will take my backpack and Brian’s to the van with you and the twins will take Jimmy’s and Ricky’s.  I will be out front of the barn, directing the drone until we have our guy then land the drone at the van, and meet you at the farmhouse. Don’t leave yet, I promised Aunt Nellie I would call the Sheriff before we take action.” The team stood there dump founded as Denny dialed the Sheriffs cell phone.  He made a brief explanation and told the sheriff where they had found Mrs. Brooks.  Then told the Sheriff that one suspect was on his way to Bixby from the farmhouse in the suspects van and gave the plate number of the van (the drone had spotted earlier).  He told the sheriff. “Suspect two is secured in the farmhouse and waiting for your arrival. I am texting you the complete location. Sorry sheriff no time for more explanations. We will be taking Mrs. Brooks to the clinic for Dr. Mom to check her over.” Denny hangs up,  then sends a pre-programed text of the location of the farmhouse to the sheriff’s phone.  What are you waiting for, a written invitation? Get into your places and wait for my signal.
As some plans go they can fail.  Not this one. Denny ordered Ava to go to the farmhouse. Then told Jimmy, Ricky, and Brian to be ready to enter the backdoor.  As soon as, the twins left the van for the front door, and heard the twins greet the suspect at the door he order the backdoor team to move. When they said they were in place he order the twins to jump.  Suspect two was knocked off his feet and as he hit the floor. Jimmy, Ricky, and Brian where on top of him zip tying his feet and arms behind him. Ricky stuffed a rag in his mouth.  Mrs. Brooks looked at the 5 older teens.  “You look to young to be the calvary boys.”
“No, were your friendly neighborhood Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, Mrs. Brooks.” Roy told her.
“Mother,” Ava raced in and embraced her mother. Denny was not far behind her.
“I don’t believe it, how did you find me.” When she saw Denny, “Denny McKelly, I should have known,”
“What, that your daughter and I are dating.” Denny said with a smirk on his face.
“I have always known that Denny.” Mrs. Brooks says.
The G.A.V.A Club boys turns to Denny and one by one they tell him they always knew it. He just didn’t know it. Then graduated him.  Denny turns to Ava. “Your see, it’s all your fault Ava, if these five keep teasing us until the cows come home, we will never have any peace.” Denny bravely walks over to Ava and plants a long kiss on her in front of her mother.  He turns to everyone. “Now it’s official, and speaking of official, I think it best to get Mrs. Brooks out of here before the officials show up. Ava help your mother out to the van.  Jimmy, Brian, get this creep secured in a kitchen chair or sometime, he can wait for the sheriff.  I have to retrieve my darts then we are out of here. Denny used the drone to pull his darts off the window, packs them up in the drone, and jumps into the van’s front passenger seat. Mrs. Brooks is secured in the van, and the boys crammed in around her. 
Ava asks Denny before she backs the van out of the driveway. “What about the hard drives Denny?”
“Don’t worry about them Ava.” Her mother says. “Those creeps erased them when they couldn’t find what they wanted from them.  Just get me out of here Ava.” She pleaded.  Denny told her to head west  back through Bixby and to Grand Apple Valley Junction and to the Capp clinic.
Mrs. Brooks insisted she was alright and wanted to go home to her own bed.  Denny said he couldn’t or get into further trouble with the Sheriff.  He had already told him they were on their way to the clinic and Dr. Mom would be expecting them. Denny dialed Dr. Mom and told her to expect them in 40 minutes. Mrs. Brooks was complaining she wanted to go home to her own bed that she was alright. Dr. Mom told Denny to give the phone to Mrs. Brooks. She asked her all kinds of questions about her health. Was she abused, starved, or molested? Which was routine questioning for Dr. Mom and the sheriff if he were there to ask the questions. She still insisted Mrs. Brooks come to the clinic or she would be in trouble with her husband the sheriff as well.  Mrs. Brooks handed the phone back to Denny.
“I told you so.” Denny said.
“No one likes a know it all, Denny.” Then Mrs. Brooks took a moment to think about what she just said.  “I take it back Denny, I like a know it all after all. So, tell me how you knew where I was.”  
Denny told her.  It was a little bird called a know it all.”
“Denny McKelly, if you don’t tell me right now, I will refuse and stop you from dating my daughter.”
“Really mom, it’s too late for threats, we sealed that agreement with a kiss already. As for knowing where you where, I told Denny you had a GPS device in your chair.” Ava revealed. 
“Great, another know it all, and I thought I knew it all.” Mrs. Brooks accepted her fate and let Denny into the family.


Chapter 6 
“If we Never Speak our Minds.”


Christmas Eve was a bit late in the Capp house. But given the circumstances around the events of the last few days.  No one was complaining as Aunt Penny was recovering in the clinic, and she had new roommate, Emily Brooks.  The two hit off right off the bat, right into center field on top of the cheap bleachers.  The had something in common to share two women who are thankful that they are around for Christmas Eve.  Dr. Mom assured Mrs. Brooks she could go home in the morning after a night of observation to be on the safe side, and Aunt Penny was also going home Christmas morning to the Lake Mansion where Mrs. Lake had promised to watch over Aunt Penny for the day.  Mrs. Brooks was invited over too, as was the Capp household, the Walkers, the Wilks, Grandfather Tom.  It would be Billy Sikes first Christmas without his father.  Donald was glad that his Aunt Penny would have so many people around her who cared.  He feared that coming home would be stressful for her, knowing Liam Creavy was out there somewhere.
Late that evening, Sheriff Capp finally rolled in from the station after spending long hours at the Farmhouse with the FBI.  Denny was waiting for him with pent up nervousness over how he was going to react to this afternoon’s rescue. When he came in he found Denny still up watching TV with Aunt Nellie.  The Twins, and Brian where no were to be seen.  Donald was in the kitchen wrapping a gift. His first thought was “The cowards couldn’t face him, leaving Denny alone to defend himself.” He went into the kitchen to warm up a plate of the Christmas Eve ham, mash potatoes, gravy, and buttered a hot biscuit.  He told Donald that if he was finished with his wrapping it might be best if he retired for the night.  He had a few choice words to have with Denny and Aunt Nellie.  When Donald left to go upstairs to Charley’s room where he was bunking out with.  Andrew Capp went into the living room to eat his leftovers. He could feel the tension in the room.  He just wasn’t sure if it was Aunt Nellie or Denny who was ready to jump out of their skin when he said the first word to them.
“First off you two, I had a lot of explaining to do to Agent Mike Bridges as to how this all went down that you Denny somehow knew where Mrs. Brooks was being held.  What I don’t understand Aunt Nellie is why if you knew Denny, Ava, and boys where off to rescue Mrs. Brooks.  You didn’t call me right away.” Andrew asked Aunt Nellie.
“Andrew, Denny ask me to trust him that he knew what he was doing.  It was to be a scouting mission, nothing more than that.” Aunt Nellie told Andrew.
“Aunt Nellie, I doubt that very much that Denny and the G.A.V.A Club was out for a scouting mission. The FBI, and my deputies are very capable to do their own scouting. We are not boy’s scouts on a lark.” He turns to Denny.  “As for you Denny, just because you and the G.A.V.A Club have a few notches under your belt these last few years. Doesn’t make you professionals that you can just hop in a van and go running off like Batman and Robin. And those two thugs where not the Riddler, or the Joker either or fictional TV characters.  You are nearly 17 years old and getting to old to play cops and robbers.”  
“Aunt Nellie should know better the risk of playing cops and robbers. She is or was a highly trained professional in a much larger field of real dangerous men on a world stage of espionage.   Grand Apple Valley Junction is just a little corner, a very little corner of the world.  Yet somehow the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club seems to think it is a member of the FBI, MI-6, CIA, and the County sheriff branch of the local law. FBI Agent Mike Bridges is of the mind that the G.A.V.A Club needs a lesson in what it means to interfere with a federal investigation, and my position as County Sheriff should be brought up for an internal investigation by the state police and the county commission.  He made it very clear that my former position as an FBI Agent and my reservist rank will not get me out of this soup you have put me in.  As for you Aunt Nellie, he is questioning your past as a bunch of hogwash of a demented old lady with a mental health issue, and you should be deported as an unwelcomed alien in this county for influencing the delinquency of a minor, make that minors several of them. Which includes importing Brian Moore back to Ireland with your sorry butt.  And Butt wasn’t his choice of words. He is pissed, royally pissed because he had to waste his time driving to this hick town missing Christmas with his family. In his own words, He drove here for 4 hours, only to arrive to find my Nephew had already caught the bad guys and rescued once again a lady in distress when he was on duty.” Andrew didn’t hold back his punches.
“You boys might as well come in instead of lurking out there in the hallway.” Andrew told the Four boys. “Donald you weren’t involved this time. But might as well stay so the twins won’t have to retell the whole story to.  Okay Denny will tell me how you managed to locate Mrs. Brooks and in as short of  words as you can.” The sheriff asked Denny.
“I was going over Ava’s laptop as you told me to, to check her hard drive. I discovered Mrs. Brooks had downloaded the GPS Tracking hardware for her Wheelchair on Ava’s laptop. It was password protected and Ava helped me get into the software and we tracked her Wheelchair to the farmhouse.  I called Brian and the Twins in and explained what I wanted to do.  Asked them to call Jimmy, Ricky, and Brian. Donald was still working Aunt Penny’s store. So, we didn’t involve him. The six of us took off to rescue Ava’s mother much in the same way we did Sarah Baker this summer.  We first scouted out the place with my drone and audio darts, and when the first suspect took off to Bixby to grocery shop, I called you, then we got the second suspect to come to the front door, Jimmy, Ricky and Brian enter the back door and with the twins at the front door,  they jumped him, tied him up and  secured him to a kitchen chair, and we then brought Mrs. Brooks back to the clinic for Dr. Mom to check her out.” Denny told his Uncle.
“Aunt Nellie did you have any part in planning that ruse and rescue?” Andrew asked her.
“No, I did not Andrew, I admit I knew Denny was tracking Mrs. Brooks GPS signal, and yes, I let them go out of this house when they told me they were going shopping into Bixby.  Denny did tell me there was a map on his desk in case I, or you needed it. He did promise me he would call you before he did anything risky. Which he did Andrew.” Aunt Nellie tried to defend Denny.
“That is beside the point Aunt Nellie, you should have called me right away not aid Denny in his schemes.  You knew what he was up too, and you didn’t stop him.” Andrew reached down and checked his two-way radio. For a moment there I thought I had it on. As for you Charley and Roy and yes you too Brian.  I am very much aware of what went on in Ireland, and no Aunt Nellie didn’t tell me.  Aunt Nellie may be retired from her espionage days, she is still monitored by the British government for her own safety and the safety of classified secrets when she goes abroad. Which isn’t often these days, which brough attention to her former handlers. And no, Aunt Nellie your cousin Garda Chief Inspectorate Collins did not tell me either.  Just so you know, Sersha is not aware of what went on at the castle either. If she did, she would have had all you locked up in chains and on bread and water for the rest your lives, Charley, Roy, Denny, do you hear me, and you Aunt Nellie she would have, well let’s leave it at that. 
“Donald are you sure you want to be a part of these miscreants who think they are superhero’s?” Andrew asks.
“Ah, I think I will take the Fifth Sheriff Capp.” Donald says.
“Smart boy, maybe you can tell these young men what it is really like to live in a big city like Jersey City, and how it will devour those who think they can take the law into their hands Donald.” Andrew told him. Donald didn’t miss the veiled threat, the sheriff passed on to him.
“Do any of you have any questions before I pass judgement on the five of you.  Jimmy, Ricky, and Roger will get a few words from be later. As for Ava. I will give her some leeway as it was her mother involved here. Oh, before I forget, Denny, I won the office pool, on when you would have your first kiss with Ava.   It’s about time.
“Uncle Andrew, is Agent Bridges really going to throw the book at us, will you get fired.” Denny asks.
“That will depend on my final report to him about the how you knew, and the why you did it, and what you did.  His pride is hurt very badly Denny, not once but twice. If I were in his shoes, my pride would be hurt two. Wait, I am in his shoes, and it is not just twice.  Let’s see do I have enough fingers and toes to count how many times the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club has hurt that pride.  It’s late boys, we can finish this discussion after Christmas, it would do you some good to stew for a while.  Off to bed all of you.  Not you Aunt Nellie.” The boys wonder upstairs, dreading what was to come.  The Twins had never seen their father so angry. Denny was more concerned about his Uncle’s job as sheriff.  Brian was dreading having to be deported back to Ireland in disgrace.  Donald was rethinking his revenge on his father for hurting Aunt Penny.  It didn’t look like vision of sugar plums would be dancing in their heads tonight.
With the boys upstairs, Andrew turned to Aunt Nellie, before he could open his mouth, Aunt Nellie spoke. “Andrew, if you want me to leave, I will take Denny up to the lodge to live.  It might save your job if we do.
Aunt Nellie I don’t want you to leave, nor Denny. That never crossed my mind. But you might want to hold that thought when Sersha gets home from her night shift at the clinic.  You might be her only living relative, but Sersha, is all Irish, and I don’t want to be around the house when you two banshee’s start at it.  I am disappointed yes. But I have been disappointed before, but I will get over it. As for my job, well lets have Mike decide that after he listens to the radio call I was recording of giving the boys the third degree.  He might learn a few things on how to be a father.  He tells me his second son was born last month, and he has a 3-year-old daughter. His pride might be bruised, but it’s more about missing the holiday with his family. He will learn soon enough it goes with being an FBI agent.  One reason I took the sheriffs job. I wanted to be home for Christmas more often than I was for the Twins, and Sersha.  This doesn’t mean you are off the hook old girl and I expect you to put on a brave face and lie through your teeth about this ruse I am playing on the boys.  If I didn’t it would get out of hand and something serious would go wrong.  It’s how I train my deputies not to take foolish risks. What I said about Bridges threats are real, so don’t think it’s a part of the ruse. I suggest you get off to bed too before Sersha gets home. Might avoid the storm all together, well at least you will. I got to sleep in the same room with her if I am lucky.
***

Christmas morning brought the Capp household down to the family room where the Twins  were expecting to find coal in their stockings.  The mood in the house was certainly chilly.  It was warmer outside a mere 10 degrees below freezing.  The boys didn’t find coal in their stockings.  Aunt Nellie had been up extra early to do her Christmas morning baking. Fresh Cinnamon rolls with icing, Hot chocolate for everyone around.  There was the smell of fresh baked Apple pie and Cherry pie cooling off in the pantry.  Aunt Nellie had the Turkey in one oven, and homemade Dinner roll rising in the heat of the kitchen.  Mr. Mom was preparing the Fresh Mixed Fruit salad, adding whipped cream, Walnuts, Grapes, candied Cherries, and shredded coconut. Later the two women would start cooking potatoes for mashing.  Then putting a Green Bean and Sweet potato casseroles in the second oven.  By the time the turkey was done, Aunt Nellie would slide in the Dinner rolls to bake, while the ladies put the finishing touches on Dining room table. This Christmas there was something missing in the festivity of making the traditional Capp Christmas dinner. There wasn’t a word said between Aunt Nellie and her niece Dr. Sersha Capp outside of pass me the nutmeg please.  It was were the chill was coming from despite the warmth of the oven, and the furnace.
Roy said to his twin.  “I think I will go back to bed where it is warmer.”
“No, one will be going back to bed son. The worst of the winter storm that started at 5 this morning is passing over. Your Mother and Aunt Nellie sorted out their differences,  over a cup of Irish coffee this morning.  It took some of the chill off until Aunt Nellie suggested that maybe it was time, she and Denny go up to the lodge and live.  Denny can finish his last year of school up there. Dr. Mom in the heat of the moment said it might be better for everyone if you do. Then regretted it.  They haven’t said a word between them outside of where the walnuts are and how many sweet potatoes do we have.  I suggest you all put on a cheerful face and act like innocent little boys on Christmas morning.  Don’t worry, Aunt Nellie and Denny are not going anywhere I put my foot down on that notion last night with Aunt Nellie.
“Dad is it possible that before you pass your judgement on us if I could have some of that Irish Coffee.  It might help steady my knocking knees.” Charley seriously said.
“If anyone’s having Irish Coffee it’s me Charley boy.  Your mother hasn’t said a word to me except tell me I can sleep in the boathouse last night.” Andrew told his son.
“Did you Dad?” Charley said.
“I should have it would have been warmer out there then in here. No son, I slept in the Den. I suggest you get the others out from hiding upstairs and down here. I am not that cruel to throw your Christmas gifts out the door, yet. Though I have been tempted many times in the past. Now off with you two and bring back some holiday cheer.  Your Mother and Aunt Nellie could use some and I don’t mean in there coffee either.” The Twins bounded upstairs like 10-year old’s hollering at Denny, Brian, and Donald.  It’s time to open gifts.
The gift exchange went as expected. The twins got more clothes from Aunt Nellie and her traditional adding more money into a college fund she set up for the twins. The Twins gave Denny a new set of electronic tools, for his work table. For Brian, the Capps and Aunt Nellie got him a new laptop , and Donald who wasn’t really expecting much was very touched when he opened a large package with a new winter coat with his favorite professional football team logo on it. The card said it was from Aunt Nellie, Denny, the twins, Brian, and the Capps. Aunt Nellie handed over a gift for Aunt Penny, for Donald to give her when she got home from the clinic. Denny gave the twins, Brian, and Donald a Gift card so they can shop online for their gift.  The Sheriff and Dr. Mom gave with a  promissory note to the twins, that when they turned 17 this June. They would get a good used car each.  If the Twins thought they were getting a lumps of coal today, they were surprised. Aunt Nellie gave Denny a very special gift.  In a table top, Walnut display case was her many medals and commendations from her careers as a MI-5 agent, and room to put his own honors in. She had only one condition that it was a private collection and not to be displayed openly until after her passing.  She told Denny she would not care then who saw it.  Aunt Nellie gave Andrew her traditional check for the County Sheriff stations Officer’s and Family benevolent fund.  Andrew and Sersha presented Aunt Nellie with a gift certificate from her favorite Department store to buy her whatever she needed for her room, new curtains, bedding, something special for her room. 
The Sheriff give Sersha, his traditional gift. Every Christmas Sersha would receive a new custom-made collectible Gold, Silver, or Platinum charm representing the wedding anniversary year symbol.  This year it was their 18th wedding anniversary today on Christmas. This year the symbol was her favorite appliance in the kitchen, the dishwasher. It was studded with 4 birthstone this year. The dishwasher was Black enamel over Sterling Silver.  The Birthstones where Two Alexandrite’s for June, the Twins, Ruby for July for Andrews birth month, and Diamond for April, Sersha’s birth month. On the back was engraved the numbers 18.  The Diamond was the largest stone, in the center of a triangle with the Twins at the top point of the triangle and Andrew at the bottom.  
Aunt Nellie was the last to present a gift to Sersha and Andrew, a large flat black velvet jewelry box. When Sersha opened it, she was stunned by the beauty of a Diamond and Ruby vintage necklace.  It was Aunt Nellie’s Great Grandmother’s a family heirloom nearly 160 years old.
“Sersha, this was your Great, Great Grandmother Danielle Tara McKelly’s 18th wedding anniversary gift.  I have been waiting for your 18th wedding anniversary to present it you. The Diamonds represent her birth month , and the Rubies your Great, Great Grandfather’s birth month. April and July.  And this Andrew is her gift to her husband on that day.”  Aunt Nellie handed Andrew a smaller velvet box. 
Andrew opened it and lifted out a men’s Irish traditional brooch of Diamonds and Rubies.  Aunt Nellie explained that it would have been pinned on the front of the belt of a Kilt like a buckle, it could be worn on a vest or jacket for ceremonial purposes or at the neck on a blouse. “My Great Grandparents wore it every year at this time, for they too were married on Christmas day the family archives say.”
Remember that chill in the house, it was now gone as the warmth of the fire in the hearth and heart melted away the all the tension between Aunt Nellie and her niece Sersha. Sersha passed the velvet necklace box around for the boys to see. The twins whistled and asked Aunt Nellie how much these stones cost today.  Aunt Nellie told the twins you can whistle all you want, but a lady never tells a gentlemen how much her diamonds and rubies cost.  Andrew showed the boys his brooch. Then he asked Aunt Nellie, he hoped that these where insured to the max and where have you been keeping them all this time.  Not in the house I hope, the Sheriff in him asked.
“Andrew they are insured to the max and then some, and they have been in by safe box at the bank in town for years with the rest of the family Jewels I decided to keep from my estate.  The rest remain in Ireland, far too old and have historical and National Heritage value for me to own.  These two piece will remain insured by me for now, but I would suggest we return them to the bank tomorrow after Sersha has time to admire them and show them off at the Lakes party tonight. We will also need to change the ownership of the bank safety box to a joint ownership as well. My attorneys have already drawn up the ownership papers of the necklace and brooch making them legally yours as wedding gifts from me.  Should save you some heritage tax later down the road.” Aunt Nellie told Andrew.
“I don’t know what to say Aunt Nellie. These are really too much for simple folks like us. They make my anniversary gift look cheap next to these.  I’m sorry Aunt Nellie, that didn’t quite come out right. Forgive me.” Andrew asked.
“Don’t you mind Andrew. Look at your wife, she is wearing that Necklace now, and pinned to it is your precious charm dangling down between a Diamond and a Ruby.  Actually, that black enamel and sterling silver Dishwasher goes quite well with it.  Just don’t get her under any bright light. It would blind the whole room.”  Aunt Nellie turned to everyone in the room. “Except for everyone here who knows there are real Diamonds and Rubies. I strongly suggest that outside this house, they are fake, good replicas of the real ones and I assure you they are real.  Sersha if you are done admiring the pretty baubles, I could use your help in the kitchen.” Aunt Nellie asked.
“Give me a moment to put these away Aunt Nellie.” Sersha told her.
“For heaven sakes why, my Grandfather told me his mother Danielle Tara would wear them shearing sheep and slopping the hogs.  I am sure the hogs around here won’t mind if your wear them while you help me finish our Christmas Dinner. That turkey needs basting.”
***
That early evening the Capp household arrived at the Lake Mansion.  Jake Lake greeted them at the door.  Jake noticed that Donald Creavy was a bit downcast.  When he was ready to visit the clinic that afternoon.  Dr. Mom told him his Aunt Penny was resting and shouldn’t have visitors until tomorrow. Donald was assured that there wasn’t any new problems, just that if he wanted his Aunt to be released from the clinic tomorrow she really needed to rest today.  He was disappointed and it showed on his face when he was greeted by Jake.  Jake took the teen into the kitchen to have him help Jake with bringing food out the buffet.  When Donald walked into the kitchen he was surprised to see Aunt Penny sitting at the kitchen table loading up a tray of Mrs. Lakes cookies.  He wasn’t sure what to think about her being in a wheelchair. Dr. Mom walked in behind Donald.
“Now don’t you worry about that wheelchair Donald.  I made sure they gave her one that only had one speed, slow and slower.  Your Aunt Penny is still having some balance issues, so that chair is to keep her sitting until she gets her balance back.  I warned her it’s the chair or she does not get out of the clinic.  I also thought it was best that she have someone to watch over her for a few more days, while you keep the shop open for her.  She is not to go to the shop until I say so. Barbara Jean has agreed that Aunt Penny and you can stay here for as long as it takes for Aunt Penny to get out of that chair and walk a straight line without falling. She will need help managing things only a women should help with, not a teen boy. She agreed to the arrangement to get out of my lousy clinic. Her words not mine.” Dr. Mom patted Donald on the shoulders and apologized for the ruse. Then Donald out with Jake and a tray of cookies for the buffet.  Then Dr. Mom opened her sweater to reveal the gorgeous Christmas gift she got. You never saw such a pair of jealous women swoon over the Diamonds and Rubies she was wearing.  Dr. Mom told the two women who the necklace once belonged her Great, Great Grandmother’s 18th wedding anniversary gift, and now gifted to her on her 18th wedding anniversary by Aunt Nellie.  She showed the traditional charm attached to it she got from Andrew this year.
“I am envious Sersha. All I ever got for my 18th wedding anniversary was a new toaster from Jackson, on my 45th a solitary Sapphire necklace, and if I stay married long enough I might get a diamond on my 60th wedding anniversary. Do me a favor Sersha, you make sure to show off that gorgeous piece of jewelry to Jackson.  I have a birthday coming up.” Barbara Jean suggested.
“I don’t know if you could afford it Barbara Jean. Sersha said.
“I don’t plan to buy it for myself Sersha.” Barbara Jean said.
“I am not talking about this necklace Barbara Jean.  You should see the traditional male kilt brooch my Great, Great Grandmother give her husband for his 18th Wedding anniversary, and Aunt Nellie gifted to Andrew. He’s wearing it now in the Library on his suit jacket. All Diamonds and Rubies to match this necklace and just as expensive.” Sersha told Barbara Jean.
“Excuse me ladies, but Jackie needs an intervention. I don’t think my household allowance as enough money for me to get him a traditional male brooch.” Barbara Jean races out of the kitchen.  Aunt Penny and Sersha break down laughing. Two minutes later, Barbara Jean returns to the kitchen.
“I was too late, now he wants one for his birthday.  Please Sersha, quickly go show Jackie what you are wearing and tell him I want one like it for my birthday. That should settle the matter.” Barbara Jean begs Sersha.
Barbara Jean pushes Aunt Penny out of the kitchen following Sersha to the library where Andrew and Jackson are sitting over a cup of egg nog.  Jackson takes one lake at Sersha and his face turns white.   “Andrew you set me up you rogue, telling me I should ask Barbara Jean for one just like it for my birthday when all along Sersha was wearing the crown jewels.  Barbara Jean Jackson, I will skip my birthday this year, if you promise me you will settle for letting Sersha wear that magnificent necklace when I take you out for dinner next month on your birthday.
“Jackson Lake you are not going to get off that easy.  A women doesn’t want to wear another women’s Diamond and Ruby necklace, she wants one of her own.  I settled for a week-end trip to Chicago and at the Hilton and the best restaurant in town. You will be getting off easy.” Barbara Jean kissed her husband on the cheeks and pushed Aunt Penny out to the parlor where Ava and her mother had just arrived, where they were talking to Aunt Nellie, Marie Walker, Terri Walker, and the Wilks and Susy Walker.  Mrs. Brooks, Marie, Sara Wilks, Susy and Terr all took one look at the necklace around Sersha throat, the awes and ohs started all over again. Ava was more interested in where Denny was.
“Ava, dear, you will find the boys in the game room, down the hall two doors to the left. Don’t let them give you that macho nonsense about no girls allowed either.” Mrs. Lake told Ava.  Ava left to find the boys, and Aunt Penny, Mrs. Brooks, Sara, Marie,  and Barbara Jean settled down to ask Aunt Nellie about the history of the necklace and did she have more they could borrow.  Ava found the boys talking how about how much trouble they were in with the Sheriff to Jake and Billy Sikes. Jake told Denny that officially as deputy, he couldn’t approve of Denny and the G.A.V.A Club taking matters into his own hands.   Unofficially, he was proud of them for doing so.  Officially, he had to remind them that there was nothing he could do to help them out with the Sheriff, or Agent Bridges. He was sorry he couldn’t. Unofficially, he patted Denny on the back for getting his technical mojo back and once again saving the day.  It took some tension away from the boys knowing that Jake was if not officially in there corner that Unofficially he was. It was what friendship was all about.  
When Ava arrived, they greeted her with Merry Christmas all around, and Jake introduced her to Billy Sikes.  The rest of the evening they all gathered in the parlor with plates filled with sandwiches, cookies, and sweets, while Mr. Jackson played the traditional role as host and Santa Claus.  He teased Aunt Nellie once again about having her sit on Santa’s lap.  But as usual Mrs. Jackson managed to get there first.  It never got old, for is that not what traditions are all about. They are never to old be a tradition.
***

By New Year’s Eve, the sheriff reveals to Mrs. Brooks the final outcome of the FBI’s investigation at the farmhouse and the evidence they found leading to who was behind the kidnapping.  It led the FBI to where Wyatt Young was, right to Gabriel Greens summer cottage where Green was holding Wyatt Young hostage.  Denny’s new prototype wireless remote hard drive had the missing files that proved Gabriel Green was behind the whole embezzlement scheme.  Mike Bridges softens his stance against the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club.  Sheriff Capp escapes getting the axe, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is put on notice.  No more adventures and it was firmly enforced with no Summer away from Grand Apple Valley Junction.  The boys were expected to stay home and out of trouble this coming summer.  Sheriff Capp threaten to tell Dr. Mom about the trip to Ireland and what really went on, then all the parents would know.  The boys didn’t want that happening. There were just some things a boy doesn’t want their mothers to know. 
Aunt Nellie not forgetting what Andrew said about Agent Bridges remark about her sanity and fantasy of being an espionage agent, made a few phone calls, to her handlers in the U.K. and Mike Bridges was eating humble pie for doubting her sanity and past life.  Then she sends his wife a belated welcoming the new baby card, a year’s supply of Diapers, and Wipes. Several New born baby clothes, and a generous gift card for the girl to go on a belated Christmas shopping spree.  On New Year’s Eve, The Twins, with Maddy and Harper join Denny and Ava at the Teen center for the annual teen dance. Jimmy, Brian, Donald, and Roger go solo or as it is traditionally known stag. They greeted the New Year with a brighter future then what they had over the winter break.
School restarted with a new semester, new classes, and new challenges.  Nothing our young men and women could handle.  Donald Creavy put behind him his father’s visit and what he did to Aunt Penny. Aunt Penny was back in her shop, walking around with a cane and her balance getting better by the week.  Jimmy, Roger, and Brian were starting that process every senior does when during the second semester after winter break. Planning on what they were going to do when they graduate. The three were set when it came to having a college fund, Grandfather Tom’s Scholarship foundation, and Aunt Nellie promising Brian will have a good start if he choose to stay in the states and continue his education.  All that was left to do is pick what they wanted to study and be in life. The last six months of school would find many a senior changing their mind at least a dozen times before they settled on what they wanted to do.  Jimmy and Roger knew it would be college there was no doubt of that.  Jimmy once said he wanted to take up an education in the hospitality business and continue to run the Walker Inn when his mother decided to retire.  Roger also said he was going to be a librarian like his father. Brian was torn between staying in the states and go to college or return to Ireland and go to college.  Aunt Nellie advised Brian that he had time to settle on where he was going to college and didn’t expect him to hop a bus the next day after graduation.  He would have a summer to decide if he needed it.  Marie Walker and the Wilks were also in the mind that the summer would be a good time to make their final decision. That to worry for the next 6 months would distract them from their classes, as long as, they had in place several choices of colleges, letters of inquiries sent, and several acceptance letters taken care of by the time they graduate.  Choosing a final curriculum could follow in the summer.
The Twins and Denny where focused on two things, Girls, and getting good grades, if that wasn’t a contradiction in words when it comes to what they were more focused on, good grades or girls.  Donald was focused on Aunt Penny and good grades.  Ricky the youngest in the group was focusing on the Debate team he has signed up for his second semester.  He had his first debate coming up soon where he had to present his first statement and offer his main points before his peers on the debate team, on any subject he chooses.  It was the beginning of the Debate teams training before they met in competition with other schools.  Ricky decided to choose a topic on the importance of speaking up versus not speaking up on issues that should concern all of us. Like injustice, racism, and climate control.
Two weeks into his Debate class, he presented his first oral lesson. Ricky started out with his presentation, “If we never speak our minds, we will never know what it is to have a voice that is heard.  In our nation, opinions, and thoughts do not always come from the wisdom of a great mind, celebrity, or statesmen.  A small mind is where we often find the greatest of wisdom unclouded by the importance of being someone in the world. When it comes to injustice, it is often an injustice against the weakest among us. It is not the wealthiest or the mightiest who cries foul play, but the man, women or child who suffers the arrows of injustice when it comes to racism, poverty, the uneducated. Their voice is often the weakest among the crowd. Their voice will remain weak as long as, they never speak their mind and raise that voice to a level all can hear.  A small mind is where we often find the greatest wisdom unclouded by the importance of being someone in the world. Through the eyes of a child have we heard the cries of the hungry, the abused, and the ignored.  That child if not heard grows up to be afraid to speak up, to stand up for justice in a world of injustice.  If the adults around them do not speak for that child that child learns that their voice is unimportant.  
If we never speak our minds, we will never know what it is like to have a voice that is heard.  The mind is a terrible thing to waste. Racism cannot be erased if we keep our minds closed and our mouths shut.  Injustice will continue if we fail to speak up against it.  Political corruption in the world will continue if we fail to exercise the function of our vocal cords that our minds and hearts control.  If we never speak our minds, we will never know what it is to have a voice that is heard around the world when it comes to bringing awareness of climate control and how our silence is killing this world. A small mind isn’t a weak mind but a mind that is unfretted by bias, or the importance of being someone in the world.  We do not need to be a celebrity to be heard.  We do not need to be an elected official to be heard. We do not need to be the Dalai Lama, or the Pope to be heard.  Our vocal cords are the same as there’s, our mind is the same biological organ created by God. It is not the color of our skin that gives us a voice.  It is not the wealth in our vault that makes a voice greater than the poorest being on earth. Wisdom comes not from being educated, or wealthy, or believing the color of our skin makes us superior to others. It is our voice.  Fail to use that voice, and you fail to be heard. Violence achieves only one thing. It mutes the value of that voice.  It was once said by Teddy Roosevelt our 26th President of the United states ‘Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.” If you do not speak your mind, if you do not give voice to how much you care, nobody will care about how much you know.  Mark Twain said, 
“It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.” As wise as Mark Twain was, far too many people today, do not want you to open your mouth. They want you to remain fools, and your silence removes all doubt in their minds that you are fools as long as you remain silent to injustice, racism, climate control, and political corruption.  If we never speak our minds, you will never know what it is to have a voice that is heard.  Thank you.” Ricky takes his seat in the silence that followed him. Ricky was getting mixed messages from his fellow Debate team members. Then every voice in the room shouted, “Three cheers for Ricky.” The debate team coach silences the room.
“Ricky, I do believe we have a chance in Debate competition, may your voice never go silent.”


Chapter 7
The Villain Returns


It has come to that time of year for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club annual birthday bash its 4th year since the tradition started.  This year Jake Lake was the host as his birthday fell in May, the next in line to host the birthday bash.  The first birthday bash was hosted by Denny in the month of February, then Jimmy the 2nd year in March. Last year it was Roger’s turn in April. The birthday bash started out as a way for the G.A.V.A Club members to celebrate all members birthday of that year on the  host month collectively.  Aunt Nellie had started the tradition with providing secretly all the original members of the G.A.V.A Club with the same amount of birthday money for each member to buy at that time five gifts for each member.  The tradition has changed as the number of members have grown. For year in a roll Aunt Nellie’s gift was donated to a charity cause in the name of the club along with money raised by the Club members from the community for the worthy charity they had adopted for that year starting in January. This year it was decided by the boys that they would raise money for the local Teen center to help them renovate their building and purchase new pool tables, ping pong tables and arcade tables for the games room and new  backboards and balls for the outdoor basketball court. 
The Grand Apple Valley Adventure club is more than just a private social club for the having adventures in the summer. It was growing into a respected group of teens who were also a service club.  Last year they had raised $25,000 for the “Feed American program” in the county.  This year they set the goal at $30,000 for the Grand Apple Valley Junction teen center.  They started in December the campaign, and with 5 months, and a bigger group of teens raising funds they hoped to reach that goal and add that to a matching grant the city had offered up to an additional $35,000 dollars in addition to the yearly budget for the teen center.  For this reason alone, Sheriff Capp did not ask, the G.A.V.A Club to disband.  He asked to them expand their membership as a service club, which he hoped would keep them out of his thinning hair.  The G.A.V.A club members spend January redefining their clubs purpose, adding new guidelines to opening up membership in the club as a service club. Secretly, they decided that their original motto would remain for the founding membership and those who would secretly be invited to that core so they could hold true to that motto, “The Grand Motto is about Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  A member can trust a friends discretion and be there for a friend when in need. That is what Friendship, Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty, is about.  Most importantly we never judge a book by its cover. An open mind is important in life, growing up.  Respect means  that we respect each other’s privacy when one says, “I can’t share this, then we don’t pry.  Honesty is about emotions, never to be afraid to tell a friend they are behaving badly, or how they feel about each other. One respects privacy when something is shared on a one to one between them. May we always have each other’s back, though thick, and thin to the end. May we stand as equals, undivided, may we conquer our fears together in Friendship, in Trust and Loyalty, Respect and Honesty.  May our foes, tremble and fear the Grand Motto”. 
For the service club branch of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club, they eliminated the last sentence of the Grand Motto “May our foes, tremble and fear the Grand Motto”. And replaced it with “May we always serve the community in Friendship, Trust, and Loyalty to the needs of the community first.”  They elected to write up by-laws for the service branch, elected current members as commissioners with the original core five members as founding members, whose names would be on the state incorporation of the official Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club as a service club and non-profit.  Denny and Aunt Nellie had their attorneys draw up the papers, file the incorporation papers, and the 501-c.  Now they could officially raise money for charity, money for club operations in providing services to the community. The new by-laws detailed the kind of services they would provide to the community at large with annual fund raising, aid the community in disaster relief, provide teen services to aid the elderly with free lawn services, home repair, and any community need that fall within their mission statement.  They kicked off the services branch in January at the teen center announcing their fund-raising drive for the Teen Center.
They introduced the Mission statement, the by-laws, and asked that any teen 12 or older who will take the oath to serve the community as a G.A.V.A Club service member would be eligible to serve as an elected officer of the service club. The elections for the upcoming openings would begin after the current campaign ended.  The positions opening would be a representative on the board of commissioners from each standing committee which where Fund raising, Community disaster Committee, Elderly services, and Community services.  Each new inducted member to G.A.V.A would be asked to sign up for which committee they would serve on, and that committee would elect a chair and the chairs would be eligible to run for openings on the board in June.  General membership would vote for those based on merit of their commitment to the Mission statement. The positions opening would be on a term of one year as Vice President, Treasury, Secretary, and Committee oversite. There would be 10 commissioners made up of the original G.A.V.A members who would oversee all functions of the G.A.V.A club in perpetuity with openings on that commission only when a commissioner retires or passes on. Then would a lifetime commissioner be appointed from the current rank of auxiliary membership which was for life as long as they maintained their membership under the rules of the By-laws and up held the Motto. It sounds complicated, and in theory it would allow the service branch to endure for a very long time with new members joining every year when they reached the age of 12, and reserve auxiliary members who reached age of 18 and would serve on an advisory board for life. Denny and Aunt Nellie decided to provide seed money for an in-club college scholarship for those who would take up the mantle of serving communities in the field of Disaster relief, elderly services, and Charity services.  That seed was already growing fast by the time the club ended its first year and granted it first two-year community college scholarship.
In May, the G.A.V.A Club service club raised a total of $34,650 for the teen center, which the city gladly matched bringing it to a total of 69,300 which with Aunt Nellie annual birthday bash gift rounded it up to $70,000.  That May before the Birthday bash Dinner, the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club inducted its first female members, Madison Taylor, Harper Smith, and Ave Brooks and a new male member Billy Sikes. That night the Birthday bash Dinner seated Ricky, Jimmy, Roger, Denny, Charley, Roy, Donald, Brian, Jake, Billy, Maddy, Harper, and Ava. They toasted Caesar their absent member. With the formalities out of the way, they enjoyed the evenings dinner, which was traditionally on Aunt Nellies tab.
***

As High school graduations go it is all Pomp and Circumstance, literally as early as the 1900’s.  We all remember it whether we are marching down the aisle or as a parent or grandparent in the auditorium.  For many it instills memories of our own high school graduation.  For many they wish it would get over with so they can get out of those long graduation robes in a hot gym or auditorium.  We endure for the sake of our family. Secretly we look great in a graduation robe, with the mortarboard and tassel. And thankful that heavy wool robes went out of style decades ago.  Jimmy Walker, Roger Wilks, and Brian Moore received their diplomas.  Brian was singled out when they announced his name as Apple Valley Highs first foreign exchange student from Ireland.  Aunt Nellie his sponsor stood in for Brian’s parents, taking lots of pictures of Brian in his robe, and holding his diploma. Marie Walker, and the Wilks took just as many as Aunt Nellie of their sons.  With the event finally over the three boys finally free of the Public-school system celebrated at the Walker Inn with family and friends.  There was much talk about what they were going to do during there last summer in Grand Apple Valley Junction before going off to college.  Jimmy and Roger had been holding off what they were planning a secret until this moment.
Jimmy announced he was accepted at Central Michigan University to into a BA program, in Social Work with an emphasis on counseling troubled teens in a campground setting and would go from there to work toward his Masters.  Roger said he would be going to community college first to get a two-year degree in liberal arts to start, then switch over to a 4-year program in Library science and Educational Administration.  When they asked Brian, he announced that he would stay in the states to take up the offer from Aunt Nellie to start him off in a community college, he had decided he was going to, like Roger work on a two-year liberal arts degree, then he was going to work toward a Master’s in Ancient Artifact preservation and Ancient ruin conservation, focusing on the European region, mainly Ireland.  He wasn’t sure if he would continue his advanced studies in the states or return to Ireland to finish his master’s degree.  It would seem our newest high school graduates had everything lined up for their future after all and could spend a leisurely summer. They received well wishes and hopes for a bright future in their chosen profession.  Mr. Wilks was proud that Roger would be following in his footsteps.  Marie Walker was glad that Jimmy had chosen to be a social worker and work with troubled teens. He had a natural empathy that made it a right fit for him to help others out especially teens. Aunt Nellie was keenly proud that Brian would take on the mantle of preserving Irelands heritage.  She was thinking that when he was finished with his education she knew of a great place for him to start his career out in.  A little family castle museum in Ennis, Ireland. Brian had decided that before he started community college he would like to go home to Killarney to visit his family during the summer, then return to Grand Apple Valley Junction and the Capps.  He had his plane reservation and tickets and would be leaving right after the American Fourth of July.
***
The Twin’s go shopping in Bixby with the Sheriff for the car’s he promised his Twin boys.  He made it very clear that they would be used cars no newer then 5 years and no older than 10 years. Reliable and no fancy race cars either.  He expected them to pick out gas efficient models and meet all safety standards. There was just one condition, as long as, he was paying for the insurance and the car, he expected the Twins to pay for their own gas, oil, and repairs.  Which meant, they had to find part time jobs, as they would no longer be getting an allowance starting in September when they entered their senior year.  It was time they learn to be independent young men providing for their car expenses, Date night expenses, and the extra’s their parents shouldn’t have to pay for 17 years old’s, outside of health insurance, room, and board. That the sheriff said would be phased out as  well when they graduated high school took on full time work and or college. 
The Twin’s at first balked about the part-time work opportunities available in Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Until the Sheriff reminded them. “You will each be having a car, you could go to Bixby to find work, or any other town within the same distance.  Of course, if you found work in town, it would be cheaper  in gas expenses. Part-time work meant 20 hours or less by state law when still in High school. Which also means you can  still do their chores around the house as expected.  No different than if you were living on your own, working and still had chores to do in your own place.  It is a fact of life and about time you Twin’s take on that responsibility in full measure before you graduate, or it will be a culture shock to suddenly find yourselves on your own too lazy to do the dishes in your own place.  I also expected you to take a bit more of the household chores around the house off Aunt Nellie’s hands as well and don’t let me catch you letting Aunt Nellie tell you otherwise.” 
“Your young men. Your mother and I want you to become more independent and ready for when you leave for college or leave the house to be on your own.  I won’t even think of you two getting married yet which I hope you two will not have too  before you’re ready.  Understand me Charley, Roy.” The sheriff strongly emphasized. The Twins agreed adamantly that they weren’t ready for fatherhood just yet. “Well not being ready doesn’t always prevent becoming a father before you are ready.  It takes more than that to prevent unwanted pregnancies.  It takes planning and agreement that when dating you don’t let your hormones tell you otherwise. No father likes to discuss this, but they have too. Use protection, and please be sure the one your dating is on the pill as well.  Otherwise, don’t until you are married and that means no rushing into marriage because you libido is telling you too. Thats the planning and agreement part. And by no means do I want a father showing up in my office at the Sheriff station accusing  any of my sons of forcing themselves on their sweet innocent girl either.  I will let you both rot in jail for statutory rape.  It will destroy me and your mother. We believe we have raised you better than that so don’t disappoint us.”
“Dad, I can’t speak for Roy, but I will try not to disappoint you and mom. But well somedays it is hard to keep those natural urges from overruling logic.” Charley confessed.
“Thank you for being honest Charley. I might be your father, but I was once 17 too. Those natural urges can make dating frustrating in that department.  Just remember both of you that you need to be honest about what those natural urges are and why you have them.  It’s natural, a fact of life, but they do not have to control you, you control them. Where did this trip to Bixby to buy cars, become a discussion on the facts of life?” The Sheriff said.
“I believe it started when you said we were young men and had to learn to be independent, Dad. Roy reminded him.
“As I recall, I believe your grandfather, started out with that very same opening with me when I was your age.  I was just as embarrassed as he was talking about it.  I supposed it’s better to discuss this now then after it’s too late.  You two know, I want the best for you in life, but to make that a good life you both have to earn it on your own so you can appreciate it.  Your mother and I want you to have the same advantages we had at your age. Which I will be honest was a lot better than most have at your age. We just don’t want you both to be unprepared for the real world out there.  The free ride ends eventually, just be prepared for it boys.  Well, let’s see what this dealer has to offer for us.  Price is an option, but I want you to have a good reliable transportation as the first is on us boys.  After that if you want a Porsche, you will have to buy that yourself. Before I forget, Denny might feel a bit troubled by the fact that his ASD could prevent him from getting a driver’s license. It is still an untested area when it comes to the state DMV.  I do expect you to make sure Denny can count on you to get to school if Ava isn’t able too, or the weather is too wet or cold for him.  Just don’t make it look like pity rides and I don’t expect you to let it interfere with work, or dates either. Denny will adjust to this limitation on his independence. With you two getting your own transportation, will just remind him of those limitations, so make it easy on him.  He is family after all.
***
The Grand Apple Valley Junction teen center had a re-grand opening just before the 4th of July. With the success of the fund raiser, they were able to do a little more extra then planned. They added a Tech room to the center so that members could have access to new computers, and updated routers for online games, and school work. The game room had new carpet, along with new pool tables, ping pong tables, foose ball, and an updated kitchen/snack center. The outdoor basketball court had not only  new backboards, new balls, and nets. With the extra money there were able to resurface the court with a new outdoor rubber surface that would help with leg fatigue and prevent injuries. For the first time they had a bank of new lights for evening play, instead of one mercury lamp that was at each end of the court above the backboards. Now the players could see the center court. Fresh paint in and out, and the fundraising budget included a larger Air conditioner system and upgrades on the furnace, and bathrooms.  It was as whole new center for the teens of Grand Apple Valley Junction. The city would continue to fund the center and the 3 staff members, as they owned the building, maintain it.
With the renovations finished, the staff was looking forward to continuing the educational programs, Drug awareness and prevention counseling programs and welcomed the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club community service agenda as its newest co-partners at the center as there headquarters for meetings and operations.  With the Teen centers sponsorship, the new community service group was heading off into the right direction after its first successful fund raiser. The city was so impressed, that the city commissioners voted to use some reserved emergency funds to pay for one new part time staff member at the center with the increased membership and activities at the center as a group club coordinator for special interest groups, and city liaison for the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club service club. 
The G.A.V.A Club was thrilled to have an official status at the center, and a paid staff person to work with them in meeting their mission statement and as liaison between them and the city.  It was promising to became a legitimate group that would have a long history with the city, the community and give the teen center a reputation that would turn around there detractors in the community who thought the center was just a hangout for kids to get into trouble at, where teenage delinquency was breeding like flies, and a place for drugs to pass hands.  All too often a battle for support each year when the detractors fought against any increases in city budget to run the place.  These kids need to be home under the supervision of parents and parents shouldn’t use the teen center as their babysitters at the cost of taxpayers money. A den of troublemakers with a capital T.
Jimmy Walker decided to apply for the new part-time job until he went off to college.  It would look good on his college resume. The city decided Jimmy was a good candidate for the job and hired him right off the bat.  Of course, Jimmy was the only applicant, and as the job description was still being defined, redefined, and one that would develop on the job.  The city wasn’t expecting a college degree to qualify for the job.  It was after all a part-time job and the money nowhere near what a college degree applicant would want. Which suited Jimmy as he would give him an opportunity to mold that job description without the confines of too many hands in the pie.  He would let his compassion and empathy for working with teens, to guide him.
***
The Summer went by fast for everyone this year for G.A.V.A. There was no mystery to solve, or damsels to rescue. No maniacal disgruntled clansmen trying to revive a centuries old feud in Ireland.  Secret mines didn’t collapse on teens, and a pussy Cat named Mr. Noodles who would vanish through walls. Nor were they rescuing the school bully from a meaner bully.  It was what Sheriff Capp hoped for his Twins, Denny, Brian, Donald, Ricky, Jimmy, and Roger. There was no kidnappings in Grand Apple Valley Junction, not even a little old lady jay walking.  It was a peaceful summer for the Sheriff, and all concerned.  That fall Brian commuted with Roger to Community college to start their Liberal Arts Degree. Jimmy decided to delay his start at Central Michigan University until the spring term so he could continue working at the Teen center and build up his college resume’. The Twins had taken part-time jobs during the summer in Bixby both working at its newest fast-food chain flipping burgers. Between flipping burgers, they buffed and waxed their cars weekly.  Kept up their chores at home and help Aunt Nellie with more of the house chores. When not buffing and waxing their cars, they continued to date Maddy and Harper, showing signs that this was getting serious for them. 
Denny concentrated on engineering new tech, and had two new patents pending, one on his Wireless Remote memory backup slash security storage drive. Which he decided to simply call, a Remote Wireless Data Drive or the RWDD  and promoted it as a secret security drive.  His third patent application was something more practical for the household. A wireless mini stick on remote camera system that you could mount on your house interior or exterior anywhere you choose that would send a Video feed and two-way audio directly to a micro receiver button you could mount on the back of your cell phone or monitor with Bluetooth capabilities.  You could even set up a Bluetooth transmitter receiver that could be connected between you cable/or Antenna input to the Tv. One that would send out your TV Video and sound to every TV in the house to another Bluetooth transmitter receiver or send direct Bluetooth signal to any  Bluetooth smart TV or monitor with HD quality and sound.  The starter kit would include 6 camera’s, Two transmitter/receivers and two button camera receivers. It was an excellent baby monitor, and a way to watch your favorite soap opera from one tv in the room to your phone or another Tv  without the cost of several cable boxes, Antenna cables, or Satellite boxes and wiring.  You could add on to your system with additional camera’s and Bluetooth Transmitter/receivers.  When not inventing, he continued to date Ava.
School started with its traditional half day, then began in earnest that week. There was new teacher, a Chemistry teacher Henry Edwards, who was smart on with the latest in the science of Chemistry.  He was a widower, with a teen son Sebastian in the 10th grade that year with Ricky Radameyer. Though the boy looked older then 16, he was quiet, polite, yet distant with others his own age. Everyone chalked it up to being a new kid in school and town. His father as a teacher was strict when it came to his students meeting their potential in his class.  After school he was a whole different person, so was his son Sebastian.  The two lived outside town about 4 miles out in a remote area.  Reportedly renting a large farm house with a barn once converted into a meeting place for a religions group now defunct. The new teacher had made some inquiries with his students if Grand Apple Valley Junction had a teen center that his son could attend after school to get to know his fellow students better.  No one thought to think twice about the inquiry as it was normal for a parent to want his son to fit in. School proceed on with the usual football games and homecoming event, as the days ran into weeks. Everything was going along normal as expected. 
 The new Chemistry teacher mellowed out and his students were getting to like him and enjoyed his approach to teaching Chemistry. Weekend saw the teen center full of activities in the game room, the tech room, and on the court playing basketball.  It was a favorite place for school team members to get in extra practice.  Jimmy had worked with the G.A.V.A Club community service members in advising them on the opportunities that fall for members to get involved in service projects.  Jimmy worked with the city as its’ Liaison, and behind the scenes as a G.A.V.A Club commissioner worked with them in the same capacity.  Plans where in the works for a Halloween Haunted house party at the center as a fundraiser for purchasing new children’s books for the public library.  In November they were going to have a special Thanksgiving dinner for the elderly members of the community who were most likely to not have family around for Thanksgiving or where shut ins.  The dinner would be funded by community donations from local restaurants and food stores. The G.A.V.A Club service members would prepare the food and deliver the meals.  Jimmy was working with the Community committee in identify those in need and with an Ad hock committee to solicit food donations for the meals. Aunt Nellie volunteer to be the supervising chef, and Sheriff Capp volunteered his off-duty deputies as drivers to deliver the meals. For long range planning Jimmy worked with all the committee’s in planning Denny’s second year of a Christmas pageant for the Elementary school on the last day  before winter break. Denny once again would foot the bill for that event.
The Teen center was busy with committee meetings, Teens playing pool, or in the tech room playing online games, and using the new computers if not using them for studying. The full-time director of the teen center was if not in his office with paperwork out on the floor his two part-time staff kept busy with monitoring the games room, the tech room, and supervising the outdoor court. While Jimmy when not monitoring a committee meeting would float around the center, talking to members, and becoming pals with many.  Often he found himself playing pool or ping pong and the younger teens got to know him as a friend they could relate to and trust. Many times, he would find himself listening to a member who would share some challenge in school, or at home.  He would fall back on sharing a story of his life, and how he would often face the same challenge, or difficulty.  He would relate much of the wisdom of his Grandfather Tom and how that wisdom often found a solution to his troubles.  He would let the teen figure out for themselves what course they should take in working out there troubles.  Many times  did he advise a teen that they should talk to someone with more authority to guide them in working out the problem they were facing. That there was nothing wrong for asking for help from those who were trained to help them with their problems.
That afternoon in the teen center he noticed a new kid in the teen center he had not seen before.  He was filtering through the center listening in on conversations, trying not to be noticed and when he was he would move away to another conversation. Every once and awhile he would whisper in a teen’s ear, get a nod, or find himself being gently shoved away by the teen who would shake his head no.  There was something strange about this teen and the way he moved around the room. Never once taking up an offer to play pool or foose ball. When he wasn’t listening in to a conversation he stood off alone in a corner his eyes moving around the room.  Eventually Jimmy lost track of the teen, as his attention was diverted to the Haunted house committee leaving the meeting room. For the next three weekends that same teen would show up on Saturday afternoon and go throw the same routine, and Jimmy would try to keep track of him. Eventually he noticed that some teens avoided him, while others would greet him briefly, whisper in each other’s ears and then break up going separate ways.  Then Jimmy would see him leave the center afterwards. No one was coming forward to complain about the teen or sharing what the teen was whispering to them. Until someone did, Jimmy didn’t feel right about questioning any teen about his eccentric behavior.
The Haunted House was held Two nights before Halloween and was a success among the younger boys and girls of the town. A safe alternative to Halloween trick or treating. Admission was charged to adults only who gladly paid to support the libraries children’s room with new books, while giving their kids a fun place to party for Halloween. Every kid went home with candy.  There were Bobb for apple competitions.  Balance the ghostly balloon head spoon race. A costume contest where the 3 top winners in their age group won a gift certificate at the Toy Emporium store in town.  Donuts and cider, spooky cookies, and eye ball donut holes.  The sound system played the Monster Mash album and other spooking songs. Staff and volunteers wore costumes, and the meeting room was set up as a haunted house. With the lights off kids could walk though cardboard box tunnels and be scared by creepy things jumping at them or touching their arms or hair. With blacklights and glowing spider webs, and monsters masks. The scare factor was toned down so as not to give the kids nightmares.  G.A.V.A Club service members thought next year they could add an older teen and adult version of the Haunted house and notch up the scare factor.  Jimmy was sorry that he would miss it next year as he would be at college. After the party, the staff at the teen center put away any food items in the kitchen and left up the decorations until after Halloween night.
***

Jimmy was the last to leave the center and locked the place up for the night on Halloween. He walked back to the Walker Inn every night as it was only two blocks away.  He would cross the town square, then up the alley to the back door of the inn, and let himself in.  Just as he entered the alley, he heard a moaning sound, and saw a dark shadow moving on the alley pavement ahead of him.  It was a human sound, and the shadow was too small to be an adult.  Jimmy raced to the shadow and saw one of the teen centers members 15-year-old Aiden Jones withering on the alley pavement, clutching his stomach.  Jimmy dialed 911. Across the entrance to the alley, in the town square stood a man in the shadow of a merchants doorway,  watching Jimmy tend to Aiden Jones.  He walked out of the shadow and headed in the opposite direction of the alley entrance, he crossed under and a street light and his face was revealed.  If anyone had seen and known the stranger, they would have seen Liam Creavy.  The villain has returned.
That following morning Sheriff Capp visited Jimmy at the Inn and got a report from Jimmy for the county 911 records.  Jimmy told the Sheriff that he had closed the Teen center and headed for home. When he entered the ally to the Inn’s back door, he heard moaning and saw this shadow moving on the pavement. When he found it was Aiden Jones, he called 911? The Sheriff asked Jimmy if there was anyone else in the ally or on the town square at that hour.  Jimmy told the Sheriff he saw no one else at that hour. Jimmy asked the Sheriff if Aiden was alright. 
“I have not gotten an update yet, but it doesn’t look good Jimmy, if you hadn’t come home when you did, it might have been worse.” Sheriff Capp told Jimmy.
“What’s wrong with him Sheriff?” Jimmy asked.
“It’s too early to tell Jimmy, Dr. Mom suspect it could be food poisoning, maybe some bad candy someone spiked. There has been no other cases reported so far. We put out a public announcement for parents to check their kids candy to be on the safe side.  If it were bad candy, it was fast acting, so we would expect more cases by now. The clinic is waiting on the toxicology report until then we won’t know where this will take us.  The clinic has good doctors and the latest lab equipment. We should know by the end of the day. Until they, I would suggest you keep this to yourself for now.  I will call the Director at the teen center and explain to him to address any questions his staff may get from members that Aiden is sick but in good hands, it’s a privacy issue here too.  His parents will decide what they need to say about Aiden’s illness.  I don’t think you G.A.V.A boys need to worry about it.” Sheriff Capp told Jimmy, then left Jimmy worrying about it. Two days later, everyone at school had heard about Jimmy Walker finding Aiden in the alley behind Walkers Inn. It was reported by the school that Aiden was seriously sick, but no details were given as to what was wrong with him. Those close friends of Aiden where unable to add anything to those details as they too were in the dark.
Three days later, Denny shows up at the teen center Friday after school, looking for Jimmy.  He finds Jimmy in the meeting room sitting at his desk doing some paperwork.  “Jimmy, you got a moment to spare?”
“Sure Denny, what’s up.”  Jimmy asks. 
“I have got something to share with you, but you got to keep it between us for now.” Denny asks Jimmy.
“My, it sounds serious Denny. Of course, it just between us.” Jimmy assured Denny.
“Listen I overhead a conversation last night between Uncle Andrew and Dr. Mom about Aiden Jones.  I didn’t hear all of it, but I did catch the part that Aiden Jones didn’t get a hold of any bad candy or have food poisoning.  Dr. Mom told the Sheriff that it was a controlled substance and that his parents didn’t know where he could have gotten it. Mr. Jones told Dr. Mom that his son was supposed to be spending Halloween night in Bixby with an older cousin who was picking Aiden up right after school ended for a party in Bixby.  Apparently, Mr. Jones sister knew nothing about an overnight and his cousin said it was news to him too. The Jones thought Aiden was in Bixby until they got the call from the Sheriff.  Here’s the strange part, for the last three Friday nights, Aiden’s been supposedly spending overnights with his best friend in town, something he always does, and they never checked up on him. Aiden hasn’t been staying with his best friend for overnights.  So where has he been going Jimmy?” Denny asked.
“I couldn’t tell you Denny. Now that you mention it, Aiden was a regular around here every Friday night until about three weeks ago.  I noticed he wasn’t around the center Friday nights nor in the center on Saturdays anymore either. Week nights he was in and out as usual but didn’t stay long as we have early hours week-night during school.” Jimmy told Denny.
“What I want to know is what kind of control substance is getting in the hands of a boy like  Aiden. He doesn’t fit the type to be running around that kind of crowd.  In fact, do we even have that kind of crowd in town. Don’t get me wrong Jimmy, I am not naive, but if we have a drug problem it is most likely found in Bixby or the larger cities in the county. I would think if you were looking for it, you go to Bixby or the state capital where no one knows you.  Grand Apple Valley Junction just doesn’t seem like a center for illegal drugs. We are too small not to notice that kind of problem. Sure, we might have a teen or two, who is hooked on prescription drugs, but not illegal drugs.” Denny explained.
Jimmy sat at his desk thinking for a moment or two. “Denny, How, soon can you call a meeting of the G.A.V.A commissioners for a Sunday meeting here at the center.  I will clear it with the director and open the center up myself.  Make sure that Donald is here. If anyone in town would know about the drug scene it would be him from his time in Jersey City and in a street gang.  Include the girls too, or you will never get the twins here.  I will give Donald a call at Aunt Penny’s store and give him the heads up.  Let the commissioners know this is top priority and falls under, “Don’t let the Sheriff know, or he will chop our heads off for good.” Call it a board meeting for long range planning for next year. 


Chapter 8
Donald Shares his Past.


Sunday afternoon Jimmy unlocks the Teen Center and leads the G.A.V.A commissioners into the meeting room where he had earlier set up a refreshment table. The Twins, with Maddy and Harper, Denny and Ava, Ricky, Brian, Billy, and Donald helped themselves to soda’s and chips. When everyone was settled in the couches in the meeting room.  Jimmy explained why he called this meeting, he asked Denny to address his concerns about the possibility that illicit drugs where showing up in Grand Apple Valley Junction. Denny stood and before he revealed why he thought so, he made everyone promise that they mustn’t reveal he sources as to why he believed there was a problem in town.  He reminded the G.A.V.A club members the promise they made to the Sheriff to back off from any further interference in the sheriffs business and involvement in taking the law into their own hands. This meeting was for the purpose of the G.A.V.A club commissioners to discuss the possibility of the problem showing up in town, and how as a service club they could educate their members with the tools they would need to spot suspicious activities and strangers in the town who might be attempting to develop a market for illicit drugs among the teens. Denny felt that they had a responsibility under their new by-laws to understand the process of how someone outside the community would start an operation of dealing drugs in a new market. When the group vowed to keep this meeting in confidence. Denny revealed that Aiden Jones, had somewhere, somehow gotten hold of a controlled substance and overdosed on it. It wasn’t public knowledge, and his source was reliable.  He ask the commissioners to trust him that to reveal that source would jeopardize their commitment to the Sheriff when they promised to as Denny put it. “Cool it, or I will have to lock you all up on charges of interfering with the law. The sheriff was serous this time.” Denny told them.
Jimmy took over the meeting from there.  “I think it would be best for us to know just how a drug dealer would introduce his drugs into a community and want we need to look for in recognizing the patterns of behavior in our teen center members and students at school. We have all seen the video info commercials, and drug awareness video.  But they don’t always give us a firsthand look at what a dealer needs to go through in setting up a new territory.  I thought we could get Sheriff Capp to speak to us at the teen center on what to look out for, as staff, and volunteers. But that might raise some questions by the Sheriff as to why the sudden interest given our history. So, I came up with a better idea, why not go to someone who has firsthand knowledge not as a law enforcement person, but who actually has firsthand experience behind the scenes.  Someone who has been on the streets in one of our largest metro communities in the country. Someone who has been a gang member. He has agreed to share with us some information and insight.  He asks only that what he is going to tell us remains between us, and I do not need to remind you of our Grand Motto. Donald Creavy came to this town with a past and we have always respected his privacy about that past.  He is willing to share that past now and the experiences that past taught him.  I can’t tell you exactly what he is going to say, but I do know that it will be difficult for him given the new life he has started here in Grand Apple Valley Junction. So, I hope we will respect his privacy and not share what he is going to tell us about his past, or part of that past that relates to why we are here. Donald you have the floor.” Jimmy turned the meeting over to Donald.
“Forgive me if I seem a bit nervous starting out. When I came here I was a bit of a trouble maker, well a bully with a big chip on my shoulders. Most of you know I came from Jersey City, New Jersey across from New York city and Manhattan Island.  I would like to tell you I was raised in a loving home with two good parents. I wasn’t, I never knew my father, for a year after I was born, he was on the lamb for suspicion of murdering an undercover cop.  He was a  Drug dealer.  Not a major drug lord like you find in Mexican cartels, but from want I know. He had a successful career of it with a loyal band of men, women , and kids on the street pushing his wares.  He was so good at it, to the best of my knowledge has never been caught at it.  My mother was an addict and to this day is in prison serving prison time because she was one of my father’s mules at the time they got married and she had me.  A mule is a person who helps transport drugs across state lines, or the U.S. Borders. A mule can also be someone who enters a new territory and gets kids and adults hooked on drugs while the home base is established outside that territory.  I was raised by my mother who couldn’t or wouldn’t kick the habit.  As a young kid I spent most of my time outside the home on the streets running in a gang. It was my environment I lived in.  I did not have a choice.  The choice I did have was to stay away from the drugs. I saw what it was doing to my mother.”
“When I came here, I may have misled many that I was a leader of my own gang in Jersey City. Well, I lied I wasn’t.  I wasn’t even a lieutenant.  Just a punk kid acting tough and trying to get by on my own.  Yes, I ran with a gang of wannabe’s who spent most of their times pinching purses, and wallets, petty crimes. We had some in the gang who were mules, go between’ s for deals or enticers.  Enticers are those who would entice some new kid in the neighborhood to go to a party with them, then abandon them at the party where someone else would slip them a micky in a soda or cocktail. Get them hooked, then turn that kid into a mule or go between, or enticer, so they could get a free fix. That it how it works in the big city.  I made it very clear at the start that I wanted no part of that scene. I had to make a living, have food, clothes, and still try and go to school. I wasn’t a dump kid, the streets were a way of life for me, a way to survive.  So, I put on a tough act, hid behind that tough act to survive the streets. I had to pay the rent for my addicted mother, make she had food and took care of herself. Then, she got herself caught as a mule and ended up in prison for 10 years, by that time she was a mess upstairs in the brain department. I couldn’t live on my own and had already been under the watchful of eye of the authorities, just waiting to catch me in the act of some petty crime or worse, not to mention suspicion of dealing drugs. Like father like son. To many strikes against me. That’s when Aunt Penny stepped in and became my guardian.” Donald shared with the group.
“Well, after coming here, I guess I finally woke up and realized I didn’t need to be that tough guy anymore.  But I haven’t forgotten my past, and want it was like.  Jimmy wants you to understand how a drug dealer sets up a new territory. In a small town like this it would be one or two kids getting hooked. Then the hooked would get another, and then eventually it would be like a snowball down a hill turning into an avalanche out of control. It would be a very lowdown operation to start with  from outside of the community.  An enticer would infiltrate a place where teens hung out. At a football game or teen center like this.  Get there trust, invite them to a party, Rave outside the community where it wouldn’t be noticed. Then spike a soda or alcohol drink. Get that kid hooked and then promise them if they get other kids to come to the parties they would be taken care off, keep them dependent on free drugs, drink, sex, and then get them involved in petty crimes or worse. It is no longer a big city scene, small towns are just ripe for new territories.”
“The danger of a small-town operation is that authorities will notice sooner than in a large city when they start having reported increases in crimes, B&E’ s, increases of pawnshop sales.   Any way a kid could raise money for their next fix.  In the larger city a dealer could operate out in the open and not be noticed if they are good at what they do. The good ones do not tolerate those who draw attention to themselves with their sloppiness in dealing, passing bad drugs, and having to many kids dropping dead. Then turf wars would start and that brings attention to the authorities. In a town like this there are no turf wars, less chance of authorities noticing until the first kid drops dead of an overdose, by then the problem could be already out of hand.  Often it is a hit and run type of operation. Just stay long enough in business until the heat is on then move on, relocate you base of operation, yet keep tabs on your customers. By the time local authorities take notice, the operation is gone.  Which makes it hard for the law in making arrests.”  
“I can tell you this it is not a new comer to the business.  It’s organized crime, dozens of small operations in towns like this, with portable labs and kitchens that can easily be dismantled or on wheels.  Being operated by organized crime they put people in the communities that become trusted citizens.  Your new neighbor or new store owner.  Even someone new in town setting up a teen center or arcade room. Though that is becoming harder to do these days, as it’s something authorities look out for. Raves are a good place to find someone dealing and finding new customers. What Denny has told me, Aiden Jones told his parents he was going to Bixby for an overnight with his cousin for a Halloween party. He did not go to his cousins for an overnight stay. But I can assure you it was a party he went to and local.”
Often it take several parties for a mark to finally get hooked, break down their guard. Alcohol, pot and yes, sex is what draws a teen to these parties and keeps them coming back.  I know Aiden and I can tell you that I didn’t expect him to be drawn to drugs as his reason for partying.  It never is. The reason Aiden might have been enticed could be he was dealing with issues at home, wanted to escape those issues.  Peer pressure is just as good a tool to get someone to step over the line.  Peer pressure starts with “I dare you or are you a coward.”  It’s never outright bullying or forcing a teen to go to a party.  Always a slow and methodical breaking down of a teens hesitation, getting that teens trust and confidence.  The person doing it could stand out as an outstanding teen or young adult in the community, in school, but it’s all an act, usually a kid who was a victim of another enticer and taught to be that next enticer. I will be honest, a bully like me wouldn’t be a good candidate as an enticer. The dealer, or Fagin the leader of a band of teens can’t trust a bully not to mess things up. So, they look for the baby face teen the mild manner teen and turn them in to pusher, mule or enticer, someone they can control and intimidate.  You can’t control a bully or intimidate a bully, they will turn on you.  A good example of that can be found in Charles Dickens story of Oliver. Bill Sikes turns on Nancy,  the boys and Fagin. It might be the 21st century but Dickens story is still a lesson book for drug dealers and how to manage their mules, go between, and enticers. Sorry, Billy, wrong choice of reference.”
“Thats alright Donald, it’s not the first time I have been referred to as Dicken’s Bill Sikes.” Billy Sikes tells the group. Which got a laugh out of everyone, relieving the tension that was building up in the room.
“Thank you Donald for sharing.  It certainly gives me a new perspective on the issue at hand here.  Let me open the floor up for discussion. Who wants to go first?, Charles you got the floor.” Jimmy turns the meeting over to Charles.
“I don’t wish to sound naive here, but what if Aiden got whatever it was from Bixby and it remains in Bixby can we be sure it is in Grand Apple Valley Junction or coming to Grand Apple Valley Junction?”
“You’re not being naive Charley, it’s a good question, but can we take that chance if we don’t prepare our teens for that possibility.” Ricky stated and added. To do nothing is like inviting it to come to town, maybe not this months or next month but eventually. Aiden’s situation could be an isolated situation, and not some organized effort for someone to open up a new territory.  Donald told us about the many ways it can happen. What we need is a campaign to educate the teens in this community on the signs that it could be happening, prepare them with the tools to deal with it.  Like the “Say No” campaign.  Just telling us to “Say No”, without preparing us to know when someone might be enticing us, to know the signs, can catch many teens off guard, prime targets for dealers.”
“Ricky’s right. The right kind of campaign could put the dealer on guard that we are aware of how they operate. Adding the “Say No, to the “Stay out of our town we are watching you, putting you on alert campaign.” Maddy added.
“That is a good way of looking at it Maddy.” Jimmy told her. “It can also put teen’s on alert to report suspicious activities when they know the signs that Donald described.  I have been thinking that how many teens who have been approached are afraid to report it to a peer, teacher, parents, or authorities.  Intimidation can keep mouths shut just as much as peer pressure when it comes to snitches.”
“I just came up with a slogan, “Snitches are not witches, they saves lives.” Roy stated.
“Not mad Roy, the one thing about the wrong kind of peer pressure is making you feel like you are doing something wrong when you tattle on someone. Though I don’t think I would want witches filing a discrimination suit against us.  Why not get to the point. “Snitches save lives” followed by what the signs are and what to look for.” Ricky added.
Denny speaks up.  “Okay everyone we are getting some good ideals here about the ways we can start an awareness campaign.  We also have an immediate problem to solve here too.  I think we can all agree that Aiden didn’t go to Bixby to a party where someone slipped him a micky. We also know he has a pattern here of lying to his folks about his where abouts for the last several weeks.  It fits the pattern Donald describes on how a drug dealer operates in a new territory.  We know Aiden doesn’t drive, so how is he getting to these parties?  Donald does an enticer provide transportation?”  Denny asks. 
“In this situation always when it come to a person without transportation.  It could be provided by the enticer, or another mark. The thing they try to avoid is having a back yard full of cars every weekend. Providing transport limits the visibility of a Rave in a remote county area.  In the city, it is all foot traffic coming from different directions, down alley’s, back streets, and at different times.  In a busy city, who would not notice that kind of foot traffic. Out here it gives the enticer control of the coming and going.  The mark can’t leave a party and the enticer wants them to stay for the duration, or it’s a washout for the dealer.” Donald tells Denny.
“That would be another sign to add to our list. Strangers in town picking up teens.  No wash that, a stranger would alert authorities.  It’s not a stranger but someone who we know and trust, another teen driver wouldn’t stand out and be noticed.” Denny explained.
“I have a question. If a dealer is opening a new territory, where are they getting the drugs.  I would think it would be risky for them to transport it in any quantities over state lines from the bigger cities.” Ava asked.
Donald provided the answer. “They don’t, they do not need too. Instead, depending on what they are dealing, they make it onsite usually a base camp in the area somewhere remote out of site.  Many such operations can go unnoticed for months before they are found by chance or someone leads them to it. That’s the hit and run part. Keep the lab moving which makes it hard for authorities to find as long as, the portable lab doesn’t cross state lines.  Keep it local, and local can be 25, 50, or a 100-mile radius.  Always have a backup location ready for a quick relocation of the lab.  An overnight run and by morning all set up for operation. Anything that takes longer than that is a risk of being discovered and pulled over by some local cop for a busted taillight. The party stays local while the goods are shipped daily, an hour or two shipping schedule in a non-descriptive vehicle.  Again, in remote area’s your county sheriff or state police are too busy elsewhere.  The advance person is already in place establishing his or hers credentials in the community months ahead before they put the enticers in play. For that kind of money, they can earn, it is worth the planning and the waiting for a payout.  It’s those who think they can rush in and start selling with impunity who get caught more often. That’s why organized crime is so hard to break up, they don’t make mistakes like the amateurs do.” Donald told them.
“Denny I think you have a valid concern, and we shouldn’t ignore it.  Aiden may not be able to speak for himself or afraid to point fingers. So, I suggest we do the pointing for him, or at least find the evidence as to who is behind this and report it to the Sheriff. We now know what to look for thanks to Donald. As for an educational and awareness campaign we have some good suggestions here and should refer them to the G.A.V.A service club members to work on as a long-term project.  It might even garner us some tips from our membership or loosen up some tongues for us.  Let’s keep this as legitimate as we can without running afoul with the Sheriff and getting on his bad side.  I will have a talk with him about our campaign idea as a service project and liaison with the city as well.  On the down and low, let’s keep our eyes open at school, and in the community. The afternoon is getting late, and I am sure we all want to get home for our evening meal. Everyone feel free to talk about the new service campaign with your parents, and close friends. Let’s put his out front as a new G.A.V.A project in the working. So, unless anyone has an urgent matter to discuss, let’s go home and eat.” Jimmy commands the group.  “Oh, would someone help me with these leftover refreshments to the kitchen.”  Ricky pitches in, in helping his brother with cleaning up and after locking up the teen center. Both walk home to the Inn.
***

The Thanksgiving program at the center went off without a hitch on the day before Thanksgiving. Aunt Nellie supervised the kitchen volunteers in the Teen center preparing boxed dinners.  Local restaurants delivered fresh roasted turkeys that were carved and deboned with dressing.  In the Teen center kitchen Aunt Nellie directed teens to peel potatoes early that afternoon and boil them to make mash potatoes. From the two local grocery stores a case of turkey gravy in jars was donated and green beans in number 10 cans . The local deli provided cranberry relish, and Fruit Salad dressed in Whip Cream. The bakery provide Dinner rolls, and pumpkin pie sliced and packaged. The Lakes purchased hot food containers, cold containers to put each meal in ready for delivery.  The cold items where packed and sealed in containers. And the Hot foods for reheating was put in save microwave hot containers.  Off Duty deputies in uniform using personal cars, delivered 50 meals that late afternoon to the elderly in need with instructions included on how to reheat the hot meal portion for tomorrows thanksgiving meal. The volunteers afterwards joined together in the Teen center for a meal of their own.  It had been an intense and industrial afternoon, but everyone pulled it all together with Aunt Nellie’s supervision.  Jimmy presented Aunt Nellie with a toast and thanks from G.A.V.A service club members for a successful service to the elderly in Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Aunt Nellie joked not to forget her in the years to come when she became elderly and would need a meal on wheels.  Aunt Nellie would be turning 89 that year, but she kept that to herself.
With Thanksgiving over, the G.A.V.A service club focused on the Christmas pageant. The G.A.V.A commissioners put the finishing touches on their Educational and Beware program they called “Beware and Know” the signs of illicit Drug trafficking in your community with the emphasis on “Saying No is not enough, save lives, say something to your parents, teacher, peers and authorities. Don’t let fear keep you silent, you best friends life may be at stake here.” The signs listed on the posters and flyer where basic describing the way a dealer might be operating in your town.  What a mule is, what a go-between is, what an enticer is, and you are their mark. The brochure give a story of a teen who was enticed into going to a Rave, or party that was a hidden secret and told not to tell anyone. The mark, the teen was picked up in an out of the way area, and taken to the party, where the teen became the drug dealers target.  The teen was enticed to try alcohol, smoke pot, and meet girls. Then the teen was slipped a micky in his drink a drug that makes him feel good. Each time he come back to a party he gets more drugs slipped in his drink until he is hooked on it. The teen is asked to entice other teens to come to the next party, and he would get his fix for free. You are no longer the “Mark” you are the victim of a Drug dealer, the pusher. Before you know it you are stealing money out of your mothers purse to buy your drugs, yes, buy your drugs, it’s not free anymore.  It turns to petty crimes, B & E’s, selling drugs. If you don’t end up arrested, you may end up in an alley with an overdose or worse dead. The Drug dealer doesn’t care, he has all the teens you brought too them, to  keep selling drugs too. You’re the next enticer, the mule, the go-between. “Saying No is not enough, save lives, say something to your parents, teacher, peers and authorities. Don’t let fear keep you silent, you best friends life may be at stake here.” A DVD was produced in the teen center, by the school drama club where they re-acted the story on how that teen was enticed, and hooked, and found himself in an alley dying.  It was a stark reality.  The campaign was endorsed by Aiden Jones parents. Aiden Jones recovered from his overdose, if you call reverting to a toddler, learning how to walk all over again, read and write.  It was a long road ahead for Aiden, one with uncertainties that he would ever become the same teen he was. 
Six weeks after Halloween, a teen from Bixby was found dead in his bedroom by his mother a syringe stuck in his arm. That following week the G.A.V.A commissioners lunched their campaign with the showing of the video at a school assembling at the high school.  Posters went up at the teen center.  Grocery stores, the Drug store, public library, and any place where teens could see them. Brochures where dropped off at churches, city hall, and public places.  The video available for civic groups, and churches Teen pastors. Copies where available at the public library.  Plans were in the works to start a mailing list to send out the DVD to other cities and town libraries in the area. The campaign was funded by Denny as it principal supporter, with the Jones’s, school board, and city hall endorsements.  Jimmy sat in his meeting room office at the clinic when Sheriff Capp came in. He was obviously upset about something when he slammed the door behind him when he entered the room.
“I thought I made it clear to G.A.V.A last winter to stop interring with police business Jimmy Walker.” Sheriff Capp confronted Jimmy.
“What are you talking about Sheriff, G.A.V.A has been behaving itself since. We have been too busy to go out and solve some mystery or rescue people right from under your nose.” Jimmy told the sheriff.
“Don’t give me that crap Jimmy, this “Beware and Know” campaign is just another way for G.A.V.A to stick its nose, where it does not belong.  You can’t tell me that you and the Twins, Denny, and the others are not snooping around where you don’t belong.  I thought I made it very clear that you all stay out of my way and stop playing at policemen. Or else.” Sheriff Capp threatened. 
“I am not sure what you mean Sheriff? We are not snooping around or sticking our nose in your business.  I do not believe that an Educational and Awareness campaign is in your job description Sheriff nor is it snooping around in your business as a law enforcement officer either.  It’s a public service message endorsed by city hall, and the School board.  As for what you are suggesting, G.A.V.A is not doing your job in finding who supplied Aiden Jones the drugs he overdosed on.  G.A.V.A promised you last winter that we would stay away from that business and we meant it. The  service club of G.A.V.A is a legally incorporated organization, and a 501’c non-profit legitimate group.  We are not those reckless boys we once were, Sir.” Jimmy  snapped.  “If anything, it is and was our intention to open up dialogue with the teens of this community, to get them to know and be aware of the reality of the world even in this little corner of it. It is my hope that someone would come forward to give the authorities a tip on who is or was behind Aiden’s overdose, and what happened in Bixby.  It is also an alert to the dealers that we are aware of them and how they operate, stay out of our town we don’t want you.” 
“And how many tips have you gotten Jimmy, that you haven’t told me.” The sheriff asked.
“None, Sheriff, absolutely none, and if I did get a tip, you would be the first to know. I made that clear with the G.A.V.A commissioners as well, and that is the purpose of the campaign to tell those they trust to tell the authorities.  It doesn’t say we won’t tell you.  I may not be a college graduated social worker yet, but I do know, my obligations to report such things to you. Give us some credit Sheriff, G.A.V.A is not going to go rushing out to bust up some organized crime drug dealers. G.A.V.A is beyond that now, we have a better way of dealing with the social ills of this world then rushing in like a bunch of fools. And yes, we did rush in where we may have not had a level head on our shoulders. Can you tell me as sheriff, or an FBI agent you stopped and ask a committee to approve your next step in breaking down a door and rescuing a victim or stopping a crime in progress” Jimmy asked? 
“That is beside the point Jimmy. I was then and now a trained officer of the law. That training includes taking risks.” The Sheriff told Jimmy. “No one asked you or my boys to take that risk.”
“I beg to differ Sheriff. As I recall you asked G.A.V.A to get involved in that mess with the fake FBI agent, Denny’s kidnapping, and asking us to keep our ears and eyes open.  Yes, you didn’t expect us to actually rescue Denny. If we had gone to a committee to get permission, well where do you think Denny would be today, or Sarah Baker last summer. If you didn’t want G.A.V.A involved then you shouldn’t have been the mad scientist to create the monster in the first place!” Jimmy delivered the truth as he saw it.
The sheriff went silent, lost for words. He sat there with that look of being slapped in the face with the truth. “I’m sorry Jimmy, your right, I never realized it, but you are right I started it right from the beginning.  I encouraged you boys to help me solve a problem and when Denny was kidnapped and as his uncle, and well, the only father image he had. I was desperate.  I used the tools I had at hand which is something we are trained to do. It wasn’t right using G.A.V.A, I know, but it was right for the time Jimmy.” The Sheriff admitted.
“Sheriff, it was right for the time, and that is just how we felt too then and well, later. It was the right time when we saved Jake, and the right time when we got involved in solving the mystery at Copper Ore lodge.  It was the right time in Ireland, and we did have a very experienced espionage agent with us too.  Last summer it was right to rescue Sarah Baker. Why, because it was right to save the ones we love and care for, regardless of blood or friendship. Denny saved Ava’s mother for the same reason.  Just as you wanted Denny saved from his kidnapper.  From the very beginning you encouraged G.A.V.A to be careful, take no risks, you also taught us to know the difference from what foolish risk is, and what is a calculated risk, waying out the options.  If G.A.V.A is taking any risks today, it’s based on what we have learned from you, Aunt Nellie, Sarah Baker, and what we have learned from the experience from taking those risks.” 
“We are also older and see the world in a different light. Grandfather Tom taught me and G.A.V.A the meaning of the “Rite of Passage.” If you recall, when you where our ages, and my father started the original G.A.V.A  club, Grandfather Tom also taught you boys what that means. Jake, Caesar, Brian, Roger, and I, are at the cusp of starting a new “Rite of Passage in life”.  The Twins, Denny, and Donald will be at the cusp soon when they graduate next year.  My brother Ricky is not fall behind them. The original G.A.V.A went through the second passage, and several after that.  If this were, a risk-free world, we wouldn’t need  “Rites of Passages” in life, it would all be a computer chip inserted in our heads, with all the instructions, and we would all be walking around wearing the same hat. shirt, and shoes 6 billion people are wearing. No drug dealers, no crime and no insane maniacs.” Jimmy said.
“James Walker, you put me to shame.  Just like you father would.  I am sorry for my outburst and accusing G.A.V.A for interfering with my job again.  As a parent it is hard for a Father to see his children grow up and become their own responsible adults. Your father would be proud of you Jimmy. I am proud of you for standing up to me. I am either losing my edge here or I really made a fool of myself.” The Sheriff admitted.
“Let’s agree to agree that it’s neither Sheriff.  Just a misunderstanding between us.  If we must be honest between us.  Our “Know and Beware” campaign had two sides to it.  One a public service campaign and the other a way to gather information for you as well.  Those days of direct action and involvement is over for us. The Twins and Denny are dating  and have new responsibilities for them. Roger and Brian are in college, and me to soon follow.  Jake is your deputy now. Caesar is following his dream, and Ricky the youngest in our group is going to be a force to reckon with as an advocate, may even take up lawyering with an emphasis on civil liberties advocacy. Donald I do believe will be more comfortable in life as retailer in a small town, to put behind him his past. For me I like where I am at working with teens and know that I will need a college degree behind me. This job is sort of a test for me, and I am passing it if I might be so bold to boast about it.  I am also concerned about what happened to Aiden Jones and what is happening in this area.” 
“Donald has been very helpful to G.A.V.A in giving us some insight to how it was in Jersey City for him and his street life.  It was the basis of our “Know and Beware” campaign.  I don’t think I have to tell you a small community like ours is not going to be immune to the kind of problems Donald had in Jersey City, or the encroachment of the Drug scene here either. So far I have been racking my brains out, something keeps nagging at me that I have missed something right here in the teen center that is crucial to discovering who is behind this encroachment here and in Bixby.” Jimmy explained to the Sheriff.
“Jimmy, while we on that subject I should tell you we have more than two cases involved here. Aiden was the first, and in Bixby with a fatality. We have more.  I have been working with the state police and their drug task force, and we have yet to find a link that would tie in all the cases.  If it were just in one city or town it would be an easier to find that link. But it’s county wide isolated with some new approaches to establishing a new territory for drug trafficking.  Organized crime and even amateurs are getting smarter. We have one serious overdose and an overdose fatality. The other cases are parents finding drugs on their teens, or schools finding drugs on students.  Also, just one or two here and there and nothing major in drug quantities. No one is talking to us. I am not talking about legal pot used by those of legal age. It’s Minor’s in possession, and a new strain of a narcotic that the labs are still working on finding out what it is.  We have a chemist with some new tricks up their sleeve. Which makes it difficult.  You can’t call a new substance a controlled substance or illicit drug until you know it’s makeup and properties.  As for how it affects the body. Aiden was more along the line of an allergic  reaction.  Our Bixby fatality was an  injectable form of the new drug.  Aiden had no signs of an injection. We also have a patch version of the drug too.  So, we have a new drug you digest, inject or wear. It’s as if our teens have become test animals for some mad chemist. We don’t know who is distributing it, or how they are distributing. The when, what, where, who and how.” The sheriff told Jimmy.
“Have you seen our DVD Sheriff?” Jimmy asked. 
“No, I haven’t, just your flyers, posters, and a brochure.”
Jimmy reached in to his desk and pulled out a copy for the Sheriff. “This might give you some insight on the when, what, where, who, and how from the perspective of a street kid and a gang member from the streets of Jersey City and New York city, Donald Creavy. It’s an eye opener.” Jimmy told him.
“Thanks Jimmy, speaking of eye openers, when I have a problem figuring out the missing clues and finding links.  I usually map them out, like connecting all the dots on a map where all the petty thefts were happening. Then finding a common point or area where the suspect might be hold up at. That’s how I found Ricky.  I just wish I could find that common spot with this drug problem, so far we don’t have a key to that map to start with, to big an area for that.  It always help to sit down and review you clues, might help to go over this DVD again.  You might have missed a sign that would jog that memory.  As for my outburst, I think it best you don’t share it with G.A.V.A.  Let’s agree to agree it wouldn’t serve any purpose.  Just keep be in touch okay and do your best to curb any enthusiasm when it comes to G.A.V.A taking matters into their own hands. In fact, if you need to take action, haul Jake into it as your official liaison between the sheriff department and G.A.V.A.  It would be great undercover training for him. I’ll let him know today. Again, I am sorry for jumping all over you Jimmy.” Andrew Capp offered his hand to Jimmy. When Jimmy offered his, Andrew Capp pulled Jimmy into a hug. Then whispered in his ear. This is from your father Jimmy.  The Sheriff left Jimmy, with a few tears in his eyes, and Jimmy’s too.


Chapter 9
The Butler Did it.


Later that evening at home, Jimmy took the time to watch the DVD again of the enactment of Donald Creavy description of the methods of how an enticer would recruit a teen. The enactment was done in the teen center showing a non-descript teen moving around the games room. The other teens would greet the teen as a friend, someone they knew. The teen would whisper in an, ear then move on. The narrator would describe what the teen was doing and why some teens would seem to accept what was being whispered to them.  While others would shake their heads as if saying no, get lost don’t bother me. The teen enticer would move on and  approach another group of teens, and listen in to their conversation, then move on to another group. When the teen enticer found a mark, he believed he could draw away from the group for a private conversation it would look like two friends bonding.  If an enticer scored, they would filter around the room and start the process over again until all too often just spending social time and fitting in.  The enticer would return another night or day and repeat the pattern over again. 
The outsider or staff observing this behavior might feel it is odd or unusual at first. But when nothing happened say like an argument, or someone getting upset. The observer would dismiss it as nothing, just a peculiarity, or a personally trait. The narrator would go on to say the observer would dismiss it, and when it became a frequent routine, the mind would see it as normal behavior and no longer a weirdness, out of the ordinary. The enticer is well trained to make it look like something normal for them to do. The target or mark may not be aware they are a target or that the new friend has an ulterior motive.  It’s all about gaining trust and getting the confidence of the mark, which may take days or weeks before the most likely mark is turned away from the group for that all-important time when the enticer tells his mark about a party, would you like come. By that time, the enticer is aware of the likes, and dislikes of his mark. His emotional make up, the problems he has at home, or in school. The weaknesses he can play on. The enticer’s can be someone who everyone knows, he or she is the kid down the street, or in his class. Someone who moved into town months ago, someone who you would not expect to be a bad influences.  It’s not the kid who is gothic in appearance, punkish, or a loud mouth impolite bully. It’s the kid with that “I go to Sunday school look” or shy, withdrawn, or a busybody, yet harmless and starving for attention. Like your little brother or sister who wants to hang on every word you say, until you push them away. That segment of the DVD ended with the narrator talking about the Know and Beware” campaign and the purpose of the DVD. Then it went to the enactment of a teen who is drawn away, goes to a party and after several times attending the party is given a drug in his drink or food.  The rest of the night the teen is riding high on the drug. Then wakes up not remembering at first where he was or why.  His subconscious keeps drawing him back to these parties where he keeps getting high.  The story ends with petty crimes to feed his addiction, or worse he overdoses and dies.
Jimmy laid there in his bed, mentally reviewing the first part of the DVD. Until he falls asleep.  He woke up that morning with the answer to what his mind was missing. He dreamed last night and saw in his dream the weird behavior of a new member in the teen center that showed up the weekend after school started for the fall. Someone everyone knew by name and was excepted as a regular among them. Who flittered around the room like a butterfly looking for a flower to get sweet nectar from going from one group to another, whispering in some ears, or just listening? Then he saw in his dream last night that one particular boy was drawn away from the group he was in by the now regular member in the center. That boy was Aiden Jones, and it was the night before Halloween.
Jimmy realized that the boy hadn’t returned to the teen center since then, the reason why he blanked out the memory.  He didn’t ever know the name of the boy. Nor did he recall hearing the name either, from other members in the center. Which wasn’t unusual as everyone knew everyone, and the noise of the game room made it impossible for overhearing the names each one greeted each other with. Often it was just a nod in greeting, you didn’t use names. So where was the boy now.  If he was a new student at school, why stop coming to the teen center after Aiden Jones overdosed and was found in the alley on Halloween night. Two and two was adding up to four, and Jimmy didn’t like what that four meant to him.  It was Friday morning, and he wasn’t due at the center until 2 pm an hour before the center opened.  He called the Lake Mansion to see if Jake was at home. He was lucky to find Jake there, as he didn’t have to report to his usual night shift until 7 pm.
“Jake, sorry to brother you at this hour but it is important. Did the Sheriff talked to you about the being G.A.V.A service club liaison officer yet?”

“Yes, he did Jimmy and why?” Jake told him. “He also gave me the DVD to watch too.”
“I remember now what was bothering me about something I was missing at the center.  It’s a teen, a new boy in the center that showed up around the time school started. Everyone at the center new the teen, greeted him as a regular. Though he was new at the center. Did you watch that part on the DVD about how an enticer works recruiting his marks? Well, this teen fits that description and what convinces me is that the last time I now remember seeing him at the center was the night before Halloween at the center.  He had drawn Aiden Jones to the side from the usual group he hangs out with and was talking to him for most of the night.  This boy hasn’t been back into the center since. Not since Aiden overdosed and I found him in that alley, and he wasn’t at the center Halloween night nor was Aiden.” Jimmy explained.
“Jimmy do you know the teens name?” Jake asked.
“No Jake, that is the problem, the teen never introduced himself to me or any other member for that matter introduce him to me.  At the time his weird behavior was dismissed, and this was before Donald had his talked to us and we started working on the “Know and Beware” campaign.  When he stopped coming to the center, I completely blocked it out until now. I had to watch that DVD last night to finally jog my memory. I am not comfortable adding two and two up and getting an answer that worries me Jake.” Jimmy explained. 
“Okay, Jimmy I trust your instincts. What grade to you think this teen is in Jimmy.”
“Of hand I would say he was in the 11th or even a senior he looked that old and his mannerism would agree with me. Yet I recall the teens in the center he was hanging out with were in Aiden’s grade a Sophomore.” Jimmy told Jake.
“Have you seen him around town since he stopped coming to the center?” Jake asked. 
“No, I haven’t which would lead me to believe he lives out of town, one of our rural teens in school maybe why he hasn’t been at the center with the weather getting colder.” Jimmy suggested.
“Good point Jimmy. So, we have a male teen age 15 to 17 at least,  a new student since school started and possibly lives out of town.  Your DVD would suggest that an enticer would be an ordinary looking teen, that wouldn’t stand out in a crowd. Which would be a good number of the students at Apply Valley high.  Would you know him if you saw him again Jimmy?” Jake asked.
“To be honest if he was alone on the street No. I remember him in a setting among 30 or more teens floating around acting weird.  In that setting I could pick him out.” Jimmy said.
“Listen Jimmy, why don’t I come over now, and bring my laptop from work it has a sketch pad app.  I have gotten rather good at putting eyes, noses, and mouths together from the files in the software and free hand drawing too.    You think you could remember him the last time you saw him with Aiden Jones.  If I can get a sketch of the two together it would link them together.  We can go from there, in fact, Ricky might know the teen if he is in Ricky’s grade, even Donald, the Twins or Denny might know. Don’t get your hopes up Jimmy, until we have something to link this teen to Aiden and the other cases in the county.  It’s a long shot. I will be there in ten Jimmy,” Jake hangs up.
While Jimmy waited for Jake, he sat down and wrote up the details of his dream, listed the times the teen was in the center and how he was behaving, the last time he saw the teen with Aiden Jones and not since then.  He tried to remember what the teen always wore and when he saw his list he realized it was much the same outfit with some little variation, like he didn’t have a large wardrobe. When Jake arrived at the Inn, they worked on sketching what Jimmy’s remembered of the time he last saw the teen at the center with Aiden Jones.  With his notes and the picture in his mind Jake was able to put together a computer sketch of the teen with Aiden in the center sitting in one of the conversation pits near the kitchen entrance.  Jake send the file to Jimmy’s printer and printed off 3 copies.  Jimmy thought he would take the pictures to the center and post one up asking the members if they knew who the teen was with Aiden Jones.  Jake nixed that, didn’t think it was wise to open up a lot of questions by the general population of the center.  The kind of questions that would alert there suspect and the sheriff didn’t want that to happen until there was solid proof linking this teen to Aiden overdose and they had a name to go with the face. Jimmy agreed that would be wise and just show the picture to the G.A.V.A commissioners to keep it undercover for now until they had more to go on and report to the sheriff.  Jake said he would have a talk with the sheriff at the station to update him and show him the picture. Any lead needed to be checked out.  
Before he went to the teen center to work, he emailed the picture to Ricky, Denny, and Donald. Denny would share it with the twins, and the girls.  He made it very clear in the email subject line to open it in private your eyes only and explained why in the email.  Jimmy didn’t expect a reply as soon as he did. When he arrived at the Teen center and got to his desk, he found text waiting for him. It was from Ricky his brother.
“Jimmy, the teen in the picture is Sebastian Edwards, the son of Harold Edwards one our newest teachers in high school this year. He is in the 10th grade with me.  We have a few classes together. What’s up brother.” 
“Ricky, thanks, keep it private lips sealed, talk later.” Jimmy texts back to his brother
Seconds after that Jimmy gets a text from Donald.  “That is Sebastian Edwards, his father is my Chemistry teacher, I repeat Chemistry teacher. Will see you after school at the center we got to talk.”
Jimmy realizes what Donald was telling him. With nervous fingers he sends a group text out the G.A.V.A commissioners to at school. “Priority, drop everything after school, meet at the center back door 4 pm. Urgent development. Confirm.”  While Jimmy was waiting for their confirmation, he texts Jake with the identity of their mystery teen.  “Jake, have confirmation I.D. of Teen, Sebastian Edwards, 10th grade student, father is new Chemistry Teacher at high school, Henry Edwards. Have called a meeting for G.A.V.A commissioners after school at center. I am calling the sheriff now.” Before Jimmy can place his phone call, he gets his confirmation the G.A.V.A commissioners will be there.  Jimmy places his phone call to the Sheriff.
“Sheriff Capp, it’s Jimmy Walker.  Listen, I got a I.D. on our mystery teen from the picture Jake sketched for me this morning.  I sent it out by email to the G.A.V.A Commissioners at school.  Ricky tells me that it’s a 10th grader named Sebastian Edwards.  And get this Donald tells me that his father is the new Chemistry Teacher at the high school. Donald  as more to say.  I have called a meeting at the center for 4 pm with  the G.A.V.A commissioners and with Jake. They can tell us more about this teacher and his son.  You in Sheriff?”
“Jimmy Walker you amaze me. This may be the missing link we need. I’ll be there.”
“Thanks, sheriff, come to the backdoor the center is not opened until 6 on Friday.  I would suggest plain clothes and tell Jake. Something is bothering me since this morning about that night I found Aiden.  I haven’t pinned it down yet. Wait, I got it. I remember now, Sheriff. After I found Aiden and called 911, I saw out of the corner of my eyes a shadow that moved out of the door way of Aunt Penny’s shop off the town square.  It was a man.” Jimmy said.
“Are you sure Jimmy.”
“Not at first until he walked under a street light, his back was turned to me, but he stood out briefly there for moment. Before he moved back into shadow he turned his head around and looked right down the alley where I stood.  His eyes were glowing under the street light.  I must of froze, then heard Aiden moan again, and my attention was drawn back to him on the pavement.  I completely forgot about it given the circumstance of Aiden laying there in the alley. Something tells me he was in those shadows all along watching me cross the square and into the alley.”
“Are you sure it was Aunt Penny’s shop you saw him moved out from Jimmy.”
“Yes, I am sheriff, it was the angle of the doorway, and how it faces the Alley from the square. That street light was only a yard or two away from the shop.  The next one was down further from there, and the one closet to the alley was past the alley entrance nearer the Inn’s front door.”
“Could you recognize the man if you saw a picture of him Jimmy?”
“I think so, it was a cold night sheriff, he was wearing a dark overcoat with the collar pulled up over his chin and he was wearing a knit hat that was pulled down over his ears.  All I saw was his mouth, nose, and those eyes. I am sure he wasn’t there when the ambulance arrived.” Jimmy told the sheriff.
“Listen Jimmy, I will be there by 3:30, I have my suspicion who that might me. I will bring you a photo for you to look out.  I will explain when I get there. Meanwhile I will run the Henry Edwards name through the database and see what comes up. Don’t let this leak out Jimmy. If he is our suspect here, we can’t take the risk of exposing ourselves, and if he isn’t we can’t risk a lawsuit either.  Make that clear to G.A.V.A.  I will see you in 45 mins or so.”
***

Jimmy lets Sheriff Capp in to the center and they set in one of the conversation pits in the game room.
“Jimmy, I want you to take a look at this picture. It’s a photo taken from off a security camera.  I want your promise not to reveal what you see in the picture Jimmy.  It’s a case that is still open and involves the federal authorities.  Also, I think you will realize the background in the picture too and the other person in the picture.  It’s very personal to someone you know.  If this man in the picture is the man you saw Saturday night.  It could also be linked to our current problems as well.  I can’t tell you more than that until you confirm or not this man is the same man you saw. I don’t want to prejudice your testimony. Now take a good look and try not to react to the other person in the photo.  It’s the man in the person who you need to concentrate on Jimmy.” The sheriff brings out a photo from his briefcase and hands it to Jimmy.
Jimmy tries not to react to the photo when he sees the man in it man handling Aunt Penny in her shop. The security camera gets a good shot of his face. Jimmy admits that he is not sure if this is the same man he saw under the street light.  Sheriff Capp hands him another photo. This time it is a closeup head shot of a man wearing a knit hat down over his ears, and with a dark collar up around his neck and chin.  His eyes are highlighted as if they are glowing.
“Thats the man, sheriff I am sure of it. I would know those eyes, and the nose and mouth.” 
“Jimmy are you sure enough swear in a court of law this is the man you saw that night in the town square when you found Aiden Jones.” Sheriff Capp asked Jimmy.
“Yes, Sheriff, I am, and I will.”
“Thank you Jimmy the man you just recognized is the same man who attacked Aunt Penny in her shop. The second photo is a closeup of that man in Aunt Penny’s shop, I computer added the knit hat, dark collar, and highlighted eyes. That man is someone Aunt Penny and Donald know from there past and until I talk to Donald when he gets here I can’t tell you who it is until Donald says I can.” The sheriff states.
“I think I understand the connection with this man and Donald’s past, and your right, it’s up to Donald if he wants to reveal what the connection is. He’s shared much about his past in Jersey City of late, so it won’t be a surprise to us if this man had a direct connection to it.” Jimmy changed the subject. Did you find out anything about the Edwards Sheriff?”
“So far nothing in the state database, but it will take me awhile to get anything back from the Federal database.  I also made an inquiry with the State licensing department. Henry Edwards is not registered in the state as a certified teacher, which in of its self is not required if he is or was registered in another state as a certified teacher.  If he is a chemist by profession with a college degree, that will take some time to search college databases for that degree and where he got it.” Sheriff Capp informed Jimmy.
“Couldn’t you contact the school superintendent and get that information on Edwards sheriff?” Jimmy asked.
“Not without tipping our hands, Jimmy.  If this Edwards is involved most likely he has been in the radar of the authorities somewhere, or he is new to the illicit drug manufacturing. Which I doubt given the risk of an amateur working alone here. Given Donald’s point of view and profile of how he experienced life on the streets in Jersey City. Our Mr. Edwards could certainly fit that profile of someone we would trust and respect in the community, and his son, well, he could be our enticer as Donald calls it. By the way, you DVD was very informative.  I would like to forward it to the State Police Drug trafficking task force.  It’s point of view from the eyes of a street gang member is very revealing. Far better than some PH’D or law enforcement expect point of view. Don’t get me wrong Jimmy, they know their job, but your DVD is as you said, “it’s an eye opener. I think I hear some noisy, and unruly teens at your back door.  You better let them in before I have to arrest them for disturbing the peace.” The sheriff joked.
Jimmy lets in the G.A.V.A commissioners. The twins were surprised to see their Dad there.  “Dad, I didn’t expect to see you here.” Charley declared.
“Don’t worry Son, I am not here as your Sheriff officially, see I am in plain clothes, Jake should be here soon to and in plain clothes.  I will explain later, but first I need to talk with Donald alone, regarding that trouble last Christmas with Aunt Penny.  Then I will join you afterwards. Jimmy why don’t you get your meeting going, Donald and I will join you soon. Donald a moment of your time please.” The sheriff draws Donald off the other end of the games room.  “Listen Donald, there has been a development regarding Liam Creavy. He has been spotted in town recently as far back as Halloween night.  I just got confirmation from the person who saw him and verified the photo I showed them of your father Donald.”
“He is not my father Sheriff, never was.” Donald went on the defensive.
“I can understand you feelings Donald and would feel the same if I were in the same circumstances. What I have to tell you isn’t going to help you feel any different about him. Liam Creavy was seen Halloween night just outside the alley when Jimmy found Aiden Jones.  I can’t dismiss the connection between Aiden and our current problems, or with the Edwards either. I am to here to hear what you and the others know about this Edwards.  I need your permission to discuss the link between Liam Creavy and you, and his history as we know it.  It is important in connecting the dots and linking him, to Aiden, and the drug overdose fatality.  It might even link the Edwards in to our investigation as well. Or it may not.  You have a unique insight and point of view that we law enforcement seldom see or realize.  Your input on that “Know and Beware” DVD and campaign has convinced me that your point of view is going to be valuable to us in stopping whoever is responsible behind this encroachment of illicit drugs in the county.  I have more information on what that drug is and am ready to tell the group.  I know and understand your feelings about Liam Creavy, Donald, eventually if he is our man, it will all come out.  I believe if you take the initiative to share that with the group it will benefit all. So, what to do you think.” The sheriff asked.
“If he is back in town, what about Aunt Penny, sheriff is she going to be safe from him.”
“That has already been taken care off, Donald, I have an undercover deputy watching the shop now and will be watching the house when she goes home after closing the shop.  You both will be watched closely for your protection. I don’t think Liam knows you are his son, he may still believe you are someone in Jersey City, or New York city across the river.  If he knew he would have made a move by now on you.  Most likely he is keeping a low profile no daytime visits to town or keeping an eye on the shop when it is open. So far, he has been seen only once and late at night in town.  He is smart and knows his face has been captured on your Aunt’s security camera. We also have his fingerprints, which the authorities never had.  He is keeping a very low profile which has been his usual lifestyle.  I need your cooperation to put Liam away for good and hopefully connect him to our overdose fatality.” The sheriff convinces Donald.
“You got my cooperation Sheriff. Let me tell the group if you don’t mind, it’s been a heavy burden weighing me down for so long since he showed up last winter.”
“Donald, you go right ahead and lift that burden and know this I am right behind you and I know G.A.V.A will stand behind you too.”  Sheriff Capp and Donald join the others in the meeting room where they find the group in a heated discussion.  The group quiets down when the sheriff walks in and turns to them.
“Lesson number one. Never go silent when the person you are talking about walks in the room.  It’s like a red flag waving in amongst white flags. It stands out. To start this out, I am here not to admonish G.A.V.A  for breaking my edict against you. Until recently I thought I was in the right to impose that edict until someone stood up to me and slapped me in the face with  a big dose truth.  I now realize that from the very beginning I, well, created a monster then tried to control that monster.  I was wrong to think I could control the problem I created by asking the original five G.A.V.A members to help with keeping an eye on that fake FBI agent and when they kidnapped Denny expecting them to do my job for me, which they did in rescuing Denny, Sarah Baker and Ava’s mother. If I am guilty of anything it is being a Father and Uncle, who didn’t want to see his family go off taking risks, that I take every day. Don’t get me wrong, I will still worry, and I will still not like it when you do take uncalculated risks.”  
“But someone very wise remined me that you are no longer young boys taking careless risks and having adventures. You have grown into young men with some unfortunate experiences and challenges in life that outwitted some nasty people and yes, put law enforcement to shame.  You have shown courage and bravery in facing those challenges and walked out with as few scares as possible.  No parent could ask for anything better then to have such sons’ and yes, daughters too. G.A.V.A has proven to this community they no longer have to take uncalculated risks or even calculated risks to prove their worth to this community.  Your “Know and Beware” campaign is a fine example of that, and the other fine charitable work you are doing.  On the subject of “Know and Beware” campaign it has possibly led authorities to the break they need in solving these recent illicit drug activity in the county.  That is why I am here to explain to you what you need to know about our investigation in general.”
“First off this drug that Aiden Jones overdosed on is new, a designer drug you digest. The drug that killed the teen in Bixby was the same drug, but in an injectable form. We have scattered reports across the county of teens in school being caught with this new designer drug in the form of a skin patch, and parents reporting finding it in their teens rooms.  They are so scattered that we have not been able to find a common link tying all this together and leading us to an arrest. That is until your “Know and Beware” Campaign and DVD. Which has given me a new point of view on looking at things with a new perspective. It has also jogged the memory of Jimmy here which is why you are here. Who can tell me more about this Henry Edwards and his son Sebastian, other than that they came here around the time school started this fall?” The sheriff asked the group.
“Uncle Andrew, Mr. Edwards likes to talk a lot about himself in his class which I attend. He is always boosting about his private research in finding safer organic pesticides, and organic fertilizer for the agriculture industry. As he is a Chemistry teacher, I didn’t think it was something unusual for a research Chemist. Which he also boosts about being.  He tells us students that teaching is a way to help fund his research at the farm. Which didn’t seem out of the ordinary to have a farm where he was researching organic pesticides and organic fertilizers.” Denny told his Uncle Andrew.
“Can anyone tell me about the personality of this teachers. His he shy, withdraw, strict or easy going?” the Sheriff asks.
“I also have his class with Denny.” Ava stated.  “At first he was strict that first week, so are most teachers the first week of school. They try to impress on us students importance of studying, class participation, homework must be on time, and they will take no funny business in class.  Then he like most teachers started mellowing out. Mr. Edwards more so then most.  He went out of his way to encourage us to have an open mind, to think outside the box. From a girls point of view, he was being charming, but not crossing the line there either.  It was easy to have a crush on him.” Ava turns to Denny. “Sorry Denny, but well it’s hard not to have a crush on a teacher that handsome, and so easy going with his students. Though you are smarter then he is.”
“Good save their Ava. I am sure Denny appreciates you like him for his brains and not his good looks.” Roy speaks up.
“Shut up Roy, at least he has a good brain, what is your excuse.” Ava snapped at him.
“Okay children, let’s get back on topic here.” The sheriff commanded. “Roy what do you think of Mr. Edwards?
“Well, I would have to agree with Ava. Mr. Edwards as a personality that is charming, polite, and trustworthy. Someone you could talk to about your difficulties in understanding chemistry.  He is always offering after school tutoring if we are having a problem with a lesson. He goes out of his way to make us feel comfortable, bridging that cap between teacher and student.”
“Ricky can you tell me about Sabastian, do you have classes with him?” The sheriff inquiries.
“A few.  Abas, that is what he wants us to call him, a shorten version of his first name he tells us. Well, Abas was at first like any new kid in a strange school. Awkward and shy the first few days until he got to know us. Then he opened up and started fitting in like one of us. Now that I think of it, he really doesn’t have any one friend or another he hangs around with in school. Oh, he will sit at a lunch table and fit in. It’s just that he prefers not to have private conversations in the hallways or study room.  He’ll will hung out in a group, and just listen, never really leading a conversation.  I got used to believing he is a shy kid, doesn’t like to have conversations.  Like when Denny is involved in one of his tech projects, he shuts people out until he solves a problem and then you can’t shut him up talking about it.  Except Abas doesn’t talk at all.  Sorry, Denning didn’t mean to step on your toes.” 
“That’s alright, I am used to being a genius and not expecting people to understand.  Ava understands me, and that is all that counts.” Denny told Ricky, defending Ava.
“Jimmy, what do you think of Ricky’s assessment of Abas?” The sheriff asks Jimmy.
“Well on much of what Ricky said, I have seen here at the teen center when he first starting coming in. Except for one thing. He would go from one group or another listen in, then whisper in someone’s ear, he would either get a nod, or rebuffed.  Then float over to another group he did that for several weeks on weekends.  The last time I saw him was the night before Halloween, when he would go through the same routine, then he managed to get Aiden Jones to sit down with him for a private conversation. That was the last time I saw Abas in the center, or Aiden until I found him in the alley.  I didn’t connect Abas to Aiden until last night after reviewing our “Know and Beware” DVD that I linked Abas behavior to what Donald pointed out on how an enticer works in finding a mark. Then I remembered Abas had, had that private talk with Aiden the night before I found Aiden in the alley. Until this morning I didn’t even know the name of the teen until Jake and I worked on a sketch of the teen talking to Aiden.  I sent that sketch out to you all to help me identify the teen.  Then when I talked to the sheriff this afternoon about having him come here to the meeting in plain clothes it triggered another suppressed memory as to why I didn’t want anyone seeing the sheriff or Jake here at this meeting.  I think someone has been watching me, or the teen center. The Sheriff can better explain what that suppressed memory is.” Jimmy handed the meeting back to the sheriff.
“Jimmy told me this afternoon he was having a feeling that there was something he was  missing about when he found Aiden but couldn’t quite put a finger on.  Like most suppressed memory they are often caused by a distraction that make you forget something until something triggers the memory to come back. It was Jimmy explaining to me why it would be better for me to come here in plainclothes and use the back door.  It came back to him at that moment.  He saw someone in the town square that night after he found Aiden in the alley. It was out of the corner of his eye from the alley after he dialed 911. Then blocked it out helping Aiden.  I had my reason for believing who that the person was and showed Jimmy a couple of photo’s that Jimmy was able to identify.  On that note, I believe Donald has something to share with you.”
Donald steps up in front of the group. “You all remember what happened last winter around Winter break with Aunt Penny in her shop. What you don’t know is that Aunt Penny knew the guy who attacked her. That man was my Father, Liam Creavy, a wanted man for suspicion of murdering an undercover cop and suspicion of drug dealing at the time when I was only a few years old. He has been on the lam since. I don’t remember him.  He came to Aunt Penny’s shop looking for me.  He is also the man who got my mother hooked on drugs and what he told Aunt Penny last winter that he was responsible for her staying on drugs and was behind the scenes giving it to her.  He was also responsible for her getting arrested for selling drugs and having her put in prison .  Aunt Penny tells me that my mother was and still is the only witness to him killing the undercover cop.  But no-one would believe an addict at that time or since as long as Liam Creavy kept her drugged all the time. Even now when my mother gets out of the prison hospital mental ward, she will never even remember me her mind is fried. That man Jimmy saw the night he found Aiden, was Liam Creavy he is back in town and he has to be behind Aiden’s overdose and that fatal overdose in Bixby.  It is his style and the way he operates. The sheriff can tell you more about his recent crimes. I sorry, but he wouldn’t here if it weren’t for him looking for me, it’s all my fault.” Donald darts out of the meeting room.
“Denny, I think this would be a good time for you to share something with Donald.” The sheriff asks Denny. Denny leaves the room looking for Donald and finds him in the tech room, pounding on the wall in frustration.
“Go away Denny, there is nothing you can tell me that is going to make me believe I am not at fault. For Aunt Penny getting hurt, Aiden Jones, and that poor kid dying in Bixby.”
“Now you listen here Donald. You are not the only kid in this town who has had to deal with Drugs, and thugs, and feeling they are at fault for the death of a loved one.   I am sorry for what your mother is going through.  My mother went through the same thing. That’s why she had to give me up to Aunt Nellie. My mother was born in Ireland during a visit by my grandmother.  Grandmother died in child birth and my Great grandfather raised my mother in Ireland. Until mother ended up in New York city going to college then getting hooked on drugs at some college party.  It wasn’t my father who got her hooked.  It was her own weakness dealing with circumstances in her life. She got in with the wrong crowd in New York city, got hooked and when my father found her she was in a very bad place to be in.  He took her out of that place got her straight. He was a college graduate in investments and wall street finances. He was following in his father’s footsteps trying to make a go at building his own fortune without the help of his family money.  Mother got pregnant before they could get married.  Mother had dual Irish citizenship, her mother was American and her father an Irish citizen my grandfather Dr. Mom’s father founder of the Capp clinic. Some mix up with her citizenship delayed them getting married. 
Then one day my father witnessed a murder at the hands of a notorious city mob boss.  He went to the cops, and before he could be put in a witness protection program. This Crime boss threaten my father, I was only a year old.  Father skipped town to protect my mother and me, and my mother managed to get by until the stress got to her. She returned to those drugs, drink, and prostitution.  Then she found out when I was four years old,  I had ASD and couldn’t cope with it.  That was when she asked Aunt Nellie to take of care me. After that, my mother disappeared.  
 Ten years later, that crime boss sends out his goons still  looking for her and my father.  They never found him. But they did my mother, and they killed her.  Then they came looking for me right here in Grand Apply Valley Junction. That is when they kidnapped me believing I knew where my father was. I didn’t know where my father was, never did, Aunt Nellie didn’t, nor did my mother before she died.  I learned later about mother’s murder, and of my father’s death, a year earlier a homeless man on the streets of San Francesco.  All this was revealed to me after I was rescued from the kidnapper and all the crooks where in jail including the crime boss who his hired kidnapper turned state’s evidence on.  
For many months after that I privately felt that I was at fault, that my ASD was at fault for my mother’s Drug addiction, drinking and prostitution. I even was angry at a father I didn’t even know for running out on my mother, until I found out he had a very good reason.  That’s not saying your father had a very good reason Donald for what he has done to your mother, Aunt Penny and the hundreds of innocent victims of his Drug dealings and related crimes.  What I am trying to tell you it’s not your fault. It’s not your fault that your birth caused all this trouble in your life. As it is not my fault I have ASD, or my mother died at the hands of some crime boss.  
It’s not fair, it’s not right, but if we are going to wallow in guilt, and blame ourselves for what others do or have done. We are not going to be able to make this world a better place to live in Donald.  You didn’t bring Liam Creavy to this town to sell drugs and kill kids. He brough himself and he will pay for that soon enough. Don’t pay the price for him by blaming yourself or seeking revenge. You are not alone in that department.  My revenge is being smarter than the Liam’s, the crime bosses, and the villains, in this world.  So, what do you think about we rejoin the group and outsmart some very nasty people?  If your father is one of them, well so be it, he made his bed long before you were born. Don’t make the same mistake he did.”  


Chapter 10
Judgement Day

The G.A.V.A Commissioners came to the conclusion that given the facts and information the Sheriff presented, and the revelation of Liam Creavy being in town, a known Drug dealer of some ill-repute that he was there most likely suspect and linked to Aiden Jones overdose.  As for the Edwards, they agreed that until they had further evidence that they were tied to Liam Creavy the Sheriff was right that any open investigation against them would cause more trouble than good. So as Denny put it, we need to find the smoking gun that has the Edwards fingerprints on it.  How were they going to do that.  The Sheriff looked at the group and made it very clear that unless he could convince a judge on the information and supposition that the Edwards where involved based on the “Know and Beware” factor. He couldn’t get a warrant to search the Edwards farm, or a warrant for a wiretap either, or a warrant to access the schools employment records either. Unless something turned up on them in official criminal databases of other states and at federal level the sheriff  on a just name search his hands were tied.  He would have to have more on them then just a name and vague suspicions to get a warrant for a deeper data search that would go beyond public records. Before he left the meeting he told the group that he would need fingerprints which could reveal more data, just in case the Edwards where using fake names.  Without a wiretap he could not get conversations on the phone legally or search the farm legally.  Any attempt to do so would have any real evidence dismissed in a court of law.  Now if a private citizen where to come forward with evidence that was more substantial than a theory. He would have a better chance with a judge to get warrants.  As for Liam Creavy he was a known fugitive past and present and he could pick up if and when they found him. And that was his focus now to find Liam Creavy before he can do any more harm.  The sheriff and Jake left the meeting with the G.A.V.A commissioner discussing what or how they could help the sheriff get his evidence without jeopardizing that evidence in a court of law.
Ricky came up with the solution by reminding the group what the Sheriff just told them before leaving. “Listen, everyone the Sheriff made it very clear that if a “Private citizen came forward with evidence that was substantial then just a theory.” He could get the warrants he needed to take further action. Well, are we not private citizens?  Why don’t we get the evidence he needs?  I don’t mean searching the farm, that would be too risking and possibly scaring them to pack up and leave.  Now what is more public then a public High school and where the two suspect are 5 days a week.  The sheriff wants fingerprints for a thorough data search.  So, let’s get him fingerprints, anonymously to start with. 
Denny is our tech wizard I am sure he must have some new gadget around that can get us some conversations when Mr. Edwards  is on his cell phone.  As long as we do it in a public place, it’s not an invasion of privacy when we pick up a piece of paper thrown in the trash by Abas, or something he has touched and thrown away. The same for his father.  Maybe some DNA that can be useful. Denny do you have some way to put a bug in his classroom, where he wouldn’t expect to have one.  Why not his Van in the parking lot. If he is our guy that Van could be the transportation he is using to pick these marks up for the parties.  A GPS device might give us where he comes and goes when he is not teaching in school.  A bug in his classroom might catch him on a conversation on his cell phone between classes.” Ricky explained to them.
Denny ears perked up if was possible for human ears like a dog to perk up when they hear something.  “I have few new protypes that might do, and some old gadgets as well. The problem would be something he couldn’t detect or spot as out of the place in a classroom or on the van.  The real problem would be these drug and lab operations can be very sophisticated with detection devices to check for bugs and the like.  If he had something his classroom to alert him of an electronic bug, it would tip him off.  Now I do have something that is so new in audio and video surveillance that any detection devices they would have would be obsolete and worthless to them.  Only one problem they have a limited range, and they don’t use a transmitter to send a signal out to the listener. A transmitter is the easy thing to detect by sensor looking for a transmission or broadcast signal. My device don’t transmit a broadcast,  They, are self- contained micro recorders for audio and video, you have to retrieve every day or night. To get want they recorded.  In the classroom wouldn’t be problem, pick it up the next day you’re in class, and leave a fresh one behind for the next day pickup. I also have a new micro camera you can take a picture of an item with fingerprints on it. It is very sensitive digital processor and indiscreet. Snap you picture of the item in the trash or say some surface they touched, Like a school locker, or desk surface.  As for DNA, that would mean some physical object we would have to retrieve and that would be risky when it comes to illegally obtaining the DNA. We could leave that up to the authorities if we got the Edwards in jail. For now, it’s a fact-finding mission only. As for the van, I rather not reveal my plans for that, it might be crossing the line in evidence gathering. The less you know the better we will all be if things go south in our evidence gathering.  Denny told them.
“Hey,  you all got to get out of here before the center opens up. I suggest that Denny and whoever he picks to help him that it remain between them.  The less the others know the better.  Plausible Deniability I think  they call it.  If we get anything useful we will pass it on to Jake anonymously and he can give it to the Sheriff.  I suggest we get this accomplished before Winter break which starts next Friday. The rest of you will be busy with the winter pageant planning and putting on the show for the kids.” Jimmy told them, then shoved them out the meeting room and the back door.
Ava gave Denny a ride home, and on the way Denny asked Ava if she was in with him on this fact-finding mission. Ava told him all the way.  That Saturday Denny and Ava meet in his attic workroom where he outlined his plan.  He showed Ava the little recording devices he created that she could plant under her desk the closest desk to Mr. Edwards desk.  It was sensitive enough to pick up any conversation from the teachers desk in a crowded classroom, and in an empty room pick up conversation across the room and voice activated with at least 24 hours of audio.  He would plant a video version of it on the bookcase that was across the room facing the teachers desk it had a wide-angle lens, so it should cover most of the room. He showed Ava the video device it looked  exactly like the molecule of an atom, the model of an atom that sat on top of the bookcase. Denny pulled a molecule apart and showed Ava it was the camera.  All he had to do was pull the same molecule off the model in the classroom and put this one in its place. He had 5 molecules made up with 5 cameras in them.  
“How did you make this Denny they are all identical.” Ava asked.
“I used my new 3-D printer I just got. All I had to do was a use picture of the molecule on model on the bookcase and from there with my computer generate a 3-day image of it, then program the 3-D printer to copy a hollow shell of the molecule so I could insert the camera in.  The audio bug is made the same way to look like a part of the desk underneath it. I get bored somedays in class, so I used my new pen camera to take pictures of the model and underneath the desk.  That how I have been testing the pen out so I can adjust the settings on it. Here is the pen camera.  It based on the principal of a microscope with a setting as fine as 100 x the image or a little as 10 x the image.  It take great pictures of fingerprints on nearly all surfaces I have tested it on even wet surfaces.  See this clip here, you just push it every time you want to adjust the power to it. Each click is 10 x the power. Ten clicks is 100 x  the power. The 11th click returns it to 10 x the power. For good fingerprints you need to be at least the length of the pen from the surface at 10 x the power.“
“For each click its triples the length of the pen. So, at 100 x the power, you can stand about 10 feet away.  Only one drawback it is a narrow beam of light that’s like a laser that records the image. Except it’s not a red beam but more on the ultraviolet range you normally couldn’t see without special glasses. You see the little cap on the top of the pen itself. That’s you beam and on it is etched a small pointer.  Just line that up on the center of you object then press the little button here. You have to be careful not to cover your finger over the beam.  The brain in the pen holds  up to 10 images at 100 x the power or as much as 75 images at 10 x the power, which I then download into a software that processes the image into a photo.  I have some control over the grain, color balance, and contrast. The ultraviolet light makes fingerprints show up without powder or fixative on them. As a standard camera it useless, as a microscope it valuable in taking bio samples, fingerprints, and pictures of small insects that show great detail. Eventually I will have fined turned it to 200 x the power or more.  A great tool for scientist in the field without having balky microscopes to carry around.  A great spy tool too. Just don’t shine it in someone eyes. I am not sure of what the effects it would have on the cornea and optics. Though if it were harmless it would be a great tool for a doctor to record the cornea and pupil at a microscopic level.”
“Ava I will plant the molecule and you the desk mike on Monday in class as the classroom fills up. We can retrieve them the next day after class when the class empties out.  Less likely would Mr. Edwards notice.  I will take the pen with me to the lunch room and see what items I can get prints off Abas lunch tray, you can be my foil, that means someone to distract Abas while I do that.  I can also get prints off his locker if I need to.  I am working on something for Mr. Edwards van, but I need to gets some standard pictures of it in the staff parking lot on Monday, and by Tuesday I can have the items ready for Wednesday. If these parties hold true to their weekend schedule we will have the van bugged in time.  On Monday after we break for the Winter, there isn’t any school for students, the teacher’s most of that week are there for planning and preparation for the second semester after the winter break. I can then keep an eye on the van during winter break and retrieve my devices if need be.”
 “Ava, I would like to tell you what they are, but I can’t. You know that project I have been working on for the government.  Well, its best you don’t know what it is I have been working on exactly. I can tell you it is an improvement of something they engineered, and I have been working out the bugs in it for them.  It’s ready for a trial run, just need to do some camouflage with my 3-D printer and it will be ready to test.” Denny revealed as much as he could to Ava.
“Denny if you weren’t handsome, I would drop you like a hot potato.”
“What happen to Smart, yesterday you said you loved me for my smarts, not my good looks.
“Denny, it’s you good looks that make you smart.”
“Here I thought it was my sex appeal you liked.”
“Well, two out of three isn’t too bad, as for sex appeal, I got all the sex appeal you need.” Ava teased and kissed him.
***

Operation Apple as Denny decided to call it went as planned at Apple Valley High school. That following Monday, Ava and Denny came into their Chemistry class among the rush of students to take their seats. The bookcase was located by the door in the back of the room, so Denny had no problem switching the real molecule with his camera  molecule, as his fellow students came through the door blocking the view of Mr. Edwards from his desk. Ava sat at her desk, and putting her book bag on the floor underneath, with audio recorder palmed in her hand attached it to the spot where it would blend in to the metal frame of the desk underneath the desk top.  At lunch Ava, and Denny made sure to grab two empty seats on either side of Abas.  Ava started up a conversation with the teen putting on a good act as a dump Blond just rattling on, distracting Abas from watching Denny. Denny fidgeting with his microscope camera that looked like a ordinary writing pen,  in his fingers twirling it around nervously would pause and snap pictures of Abas water bottle he had just touched to take a drink. When Abas put his palm down on the table top, then lifted it, Denny snapped another picture where the fingers had rested on the table.  For good measure later, he took some close up of Abas locker door in area’s Abas touched when opening the door to get in to his locker.  
Senior always got out of classes 90 minutes earlier then sophomores, so with Ava watching for anyone coming on to the staff parking lot. Denny with his pen camera, and his phone camera casually took pictures of Mr. Edwards van.  With his pen camera he concentrated on the driver’s side door and passenger doors handles and spots on the door Mr. Edwards would place his palm and fingers on to get some latent prints and any other prints of those entering the van.  Then took pictures of the hood of the van, and around the gas tank door. With his phone camera he took pictures of the van’s sides, front and back, with close ups, and wide shots.  In case someone was watching from the school, he took other pictures of the parking lot, the schools building and landscape and other vehicles.  If someone were watching it would look like a student doing a general photo shot of the area for a photo club project, which if questioned would be his cover story and legitimate as he was a member of the photo club.
Back in his attic with Ava, Denny started processing the prints of Abas, and any he found on the van that were viable.  On the Van he found good prints around the driver’s door that matched prints on the gas tank door, and hood of the car.  On the other doors, he found fresh prints on the passenger door that matched up with those of Abas from his locker and from Lunch.  On the sliding passenger door, he got some latent prints that where partially faded, and a four different sets of prints that stood out that didn’t match Mr. Edwards or Abas.  He labeled the prints that where unknown, and those that where Abas, and those that could be Mr. Edwards. He did not label where the prints were taken from.  Denny loaded the photos on a new thumb drive right out of the package and made sure it was wiped clean of his prints and wearing cloves dropped in an envelope.  He had Ava drive him to the library where he used their computers to download a file/note using a cursive font to the thumb drive.  It simply said, “Fingerprints of Sebastian, Henry and others.” In the van, Denny after wiping off the thumb drive again, dropped it in a plastic envelope, again wearing gloves. Now, Denny and Ava had to figure out how to deliver it to the sheriff anonymously. 
Ava suggested through Jake. Denny didn’t think he wanted to put Jake’s job at risk or put him in the position of having to lie to the Sheriff where the thumb drive came if Jake new it from Denny. Ave asked Denny.
“If he didn’t know it was from you or G.A.V.A, he could honestly say he did not know where or who it came from.” Ava suggested.
“That’s just the problem, how to get it to Jake without Jake seeing who dropped it off.” Denny said. 
“Why don’t we send it priority mail, overnight, rush urgent or whatever that would get it into the sheriffs hand at the station.  I know it’s critical, but 24 hours isn’t going to be that crucial. Also, the Sheriff at the meeting Friday didn’t tell us to stay out of the investigation.  He more or less admitted his edict was wrong, then he did say “Unless some private citizen came forward with reliable evidence” he couldn’t get any warrants to move forward.  He stressed that point clearly.  I can’t believe that if even  he guessed it came from us, he would not refuse to use the evidence.  Think about it Denny, we are certain of Abas prints, and as sure as, we can be about Mr. Edwards. What about those unknown prints that’s to many prints for someone with just one other family member in the van? Who’s prints are they?  One of them could be Liam Creavy and his prints are on record, if they are on the van then that’s all your uncle needs to get his warrants. What if those prints are also one of those teens we suspect are being picked up for these parties? Aiden Jones, or that one who died. What about the others found with the drug in school? They had to be arrested and printed. It’s a crime they committed bringing illicit drugs into the school. Link those prints to the teens, or Creavy and you done what the sheriff was not able to.” Ava told him.
“I have been a fool Ava. I have been so concerned about Uncle Andrews edict last summer and struggling with doing what is right, I have forgotten what is the real issue here?  It’s not about Uncle Andrews anger or his edict.  It’s about doing what right for Aiden Jones, and the parents who lost a teen.  It’s for Donald Creavy finding justice for his mother too.  Let’s go to the station Ava. I am going to walk in and hand this over to Uncle Andrew. Tell him I am a private citizen and regardless of how I got this evidence he needs to check it out.” Ava drove Denny to the sheriff station where they found the Sheriff in his office.
Denny walked into the office and handed the envelope to the Sheriff. “Uncle Andrew don’t ask me how I got this, but there are several fingerprints on that thumb drives files. One for sure is Sebastian Edwards, and a set most likely belong to his father. Also, they are several unknown sets of prints there have no logical reason to be there when you consider they were on the Edwards van. There should be only Mr. Edwards and Sebastian’s?  I know for a fact that he has never been seen at school or in town with students in that van or using that van for any field trips.  In fact, it is a school policy that teachers and staff are not to use personal vehicles for field trips with students or give students rides home from school. So why are there all these prints that don’t belong there? I also known from Mr. Edwards boasting of his research at his farm he has no other staff or family there just him and Sebastian.” Denny took a long breath in and out. Then sat down in the chair in front of Uncle Andrews desk.”
“Denny, I am not going to ask you how you got these prints. I don’t want to know. If the Edward prints show up in our database that’s a start. If the other prints link us to any teens who we know have been involved in illicit drug activities and arrested and had no reason to be in that van. I will give you a medal for being the “Private Citizen of the Year.” I don’t need a warrant to run these prints, just enough suspicion to see if they link to any recent crimes. If it plays out as I hope, I can get the first warrant to confiscate that van and more to take a closer look at the farm.  If it doesn’t play out, then we are back to square one. Your right about one thing, why all these prints on a van when there should only be two sets.  You didn’t break into the van did you Denny.” The Sheriff asked.
“No, sheriff they are all exterior prints from the van. As for Sebastian, let’s just say I got them in a public place from something he touched in that public place.  If any play out, I will give you any details you need if it would help.”
“Thank you Denny. After all this is over with, you owe me a story how you managed this. As usual you seem to come through when I least expect it. I suspect it is one of your gadgets. Now get out of here, I got some computer work to do. These files are JPG I hope.” The sheriff asked.
“All the photos are, and one file is word text.  You might want to skip that file Uncle Andrew, it’s an anonymous note from a private citizen.” Denny left his Uncle’s office joined Ava in the Van.  “I could use a stiff drink right now, If I was a drinking man Ava.”
“I don’t know about a stiff drink Denny, but how about a nice frosty Root Beer float at the drugstore? Ava offered.
“You’re on Ava. I will even pay for it and a hamburger and fires for two.” Ava drove to the drugstore and where they sat in a booth and Denny told her how it went with his Uncle.
***

Early that evening the Sheriff arrived home and called Denny into his den for a talk.  “Denny, your prints revealed a few surprises and some expected results.  It would seem Sebastian Edwards isn’t a 15-year-old 10th grader. But a 25-year-old man with several authorities looking for him in different states for drug related charges.  Mr. Edwards is not his father but his mother.  She or he is a chemist with a background in pharmaceuticals and two year ago was fired from a pharmaceutical research lab for unethical practices, mainly using test subjects without the proper protocol in place.  One of those test subjects still remains in a coma. Henrietta Edwards failed to appear for a medical malpractice review board hearing and as not been seen or heard from since. It would seem she went through a gender change during her tenure at the research lab. Which was her or his research in hormone therapies. That is the surprise I mentioned, Sebastian’s age, and Henry was once Henrietta a hormone therapy researcher.”
“Which might explain how Sebastian can pass as a 15-year-old.  That alone can get them arrested for passing off as a minor and Mr. Edward being wanted for medical malpractice.  Maybe illegal research on his son.  At this moment that is the primary reason I want to pursue an arrest. Two of your other prints showed up in the data base as well.  One was a Teen who last weekend, showed up in a field in Taylorville dead from an overdose. Taylorville is 45 miles north of here the teen was not a local and had no I.D. on him. The second print was recent as well. It was Liam Creavy. The other prints where two old to use deteriorated by the weather.”
“When are you going to arrest the Edwards Sheriff?” Denny asked.
“In time Denny. I have state authorities who want me to wait on arresting them.  We know where they are and why they are here. We can arrest the Edwards at school or the farm. But we don’t know where Creavy is, or if the farm is where the illicit lab is.  Creavy’s operation reaches out all over the county. The Edwards farm could be where they hold the raves, but not the lab.  I have been asked to put together an undercover operation to look the farm over to make sure the lab is there, or it is the party place.  It’s the lab we need the most. Where the lab is, is where we will find Creavy and any other cohorts of Creavy.  In my gut Denny I know it’s where the lab is, but to raid the place without proof and not find the lab could alert  Creavy and that lab is out of the county and state by midnight.  Then all we got on Edwards is Medical malpractice, fraud, and contributing to the delinquency of a minor and illegal Raves.  Any smart lawyer is going say Edwards is not responsible for what happened to the teens after they leave the party if he can prove that enough hours passed before teens overdosed, and proving Edwards gave them a drug in the first place can be tricky without the lab. It’s one reason why we can’t arrest the Edwards now. Without the proof that links them to murder and federal drug trafficking, we are just wasting our time on petty charges.” Sheriff Capp was getting hot under the collar.
“Uncle Andrew, you need to calm down before you burst a blood vessel.  I understand your frustration, really I do. But why are you telling me all this. It’s not like you to give so much detail out on an active investigation.” Denny asks. 
“I am sorry, Denny. Your right it is not like me, and there’s a reason why I am telling you. I have been asked to take on an undercover operation instead of the state police because the commander believes there’s a leak in his Drug enforcement task force.  So, he wants me to handle it without the taskforce being aware of it. He has assured me that when the time comes, to close down the operation I will have federal agents from the DEA backing me up and not his taskforce.  It will take time for the DEA to get up to speed without that leak learning about it.” Andrew told his nephew.
“If he knows there is a leak, why don’t he, plug it up.” Denny asks. 
“Sounds like an easy job for a plumber Denny. But in reality it’s a nightmare finding that leak to begin with if all you have is suspicions to start with.  So, it has been dumped into my pocket for now. Which is why I am telling you Denny. What I have in mind is that I need some local teens, who can be undercover, who won’t be noticed, or expected they are undercover. It’s not a going to a rave or anything like that. But an off the scene fact gathering mission with some very special gadgets that I know these teens have used before. Denny, do you know any teens like that.” Sheriff Capp grinned from ear to ear.”
“I don’t know Uncle Andrew, the last time those teens used those gadgets they got into some serious trouble with the local sheriff, even came close to causing that sheriff to lose his job.” Denny stated.
“Well, those teens should know that it will be official this time, and they will have an armed undercover deputy with them, who looks young enough to be one of them.” Sheriff told Denny.
Charley bursts into the den with Roy right behind him. ‘Stop beating around the bush Sheriff. Of, course we will do it.” Charley says to his Dad.
“Why is it that every time I try to have a private conversation in my den, these two show up knowing everything I have said. Denny McKelly have you bugged my den?” The sheriff asks.
“No. Sheriff, but that’s a good ideal.” Denny jokes.
***

That evening the Sheriff outline what he had in mind with Jake, the Twins and Denny. He told them that there was public land out back of the farm that was used for hiking trails in the summer and snowmobile trails in the winter. A group of teens on snowmobiles out in the woods  behind the barn, would not draw attention to anyone from the farm. The teens would be  out with their dates, having fun racing back and worth through the woods, while Jake, would be off in the woods out of site with a telephoto camera and using Denny’s drone to drop off his darts on the barn for audio and the drone’s camera for close ups. He made it very clear this was a short duration mission, long enough to get Denny’s darts on the barn and the farmhouse if possible.  Jake would take telephoto pictures of the back side of the barn and the area leading from the trails. The Twins and Denny with your dates would be distraction for Jake to get as close as he could without being seen. Jake was so not to actually be on the farm property no trespassing.  With Denny’s gadgets, Jake would be able to get some intel on what is going on at the barn or the house. The sheriff was relying on Denny’s gadget to get him some photo’s inside the barn if at all possible. 
Jake would be on his own snowmobile off the trails while the others would be racing back and forth up and down the trail as you would expect teens having fun. The sheriff warned them to time their trips back forth so that to many frequent trips back and forth in the open field between the wooded area’s would not draw attention to them. 
The sheriff provided a satellite image of the woods, and the snowmobile trails. There was to be no official cruiser in the area, and Jake was to use the Capp four by four and trailer to haul the 4 snowmobiles to the area used to load and unload snowmobiles. There was to be no radio contact, as these drug operations would have the equipment to monitor police bands, cell phones and two-way radios. Denny came up with an option that was so old school that it wouldn’t be monitored. CB radios on the least used channel and came up with a simple script to use when on it.  Teens talking to teens talking about their girlfriends with certain coded words to use in the dialogue to communicate with each other and to and from Jake if there was a need to high tale it out of their or alert the sheriff who would be standing by a few miles away in an unmarked car. This was an information gather excursion to make sure they had the right place.  Denny showed the Sheriff his latest gadgets prototypes and new darts that when attached to a window by the drone, could transmit video along with audio on a narrow tight beam back to his drone’s data drive.  Jake would have to be within the tight beams field of 30 feet wide to pick up the transmission that had a range of 200 to 300 ft.  The sheriff planned to do the excursion on Sunday afternoon which would give Denny time to train Jake on handling the drone and delivering the darts.
Privately, Denny also let The Sheriff in on his plans to bug Mr. Edwards van with a new GPS device that was virtually undetectable by the eye or the latest detection devices. He explained he was under a government contract to upgrade their device and get the bugs out of it. It was ready for it test drive. He had everything he had to monitor that signal.  He just had to add one feature to make it blend in on the van and he could install it Wednesday on Mr. Edwards van at school. He then confessed he and Ava had bugged Mr. Edwards classroom with new devices to record video and sound, but where not transmitters. They would be picking up the old once to retrieve the data and replacing them with fresh one each day this week. Then Denny showed him the pen microscope and how he recorded the fingerprints. 
To get to the end of the chase, the excursion proved fruitful.  It was short. They had planned to plant darts all over the barns upper windows, and farm house. When they arrived on their snowmobiles Charley with his girl Harper on one snowmobile, Roy with Maddy on another, Denny, and Ava on the third one. Jake was loaded down with equipment on the fourth snowmobile. The twins and Denny with the girls started out down the trails though the open field from the woods and back into the woods on the other side. They road down the trail to a distance of 3 mile taking their time and turned around and headed back where they crossed the open field and back into the woods where they left Jakes snowmobile. Jake was waiting for them. The first thing Denny said was.  “What’s wrong Jake.”
“Them darn fools have that portable lab parked right in the open behind the barn.” When I got close from the woods, I sent out one dart to land on the window of that full-size recreational motor home. Got some good footage of the lab, with Mr. Creavy standing next to Mr. Edwards and Sebastian. Took time to land a dart on that upper window on the barn and sure enough that barn inside is decked out to look like a night club.  We have both the lap and the party house. 
“Did you get the GPS planted Jake?” Denny asked.
“Yes, Denny right where you said I should on top of motorhome, where no one would see it from the ground.  Jake said.
“It should activate the moment that motor homes moves, and the motion sensor turns it on.” Denny stated.
“Denny are you sure those darts suction cups will fall off the windows when I pushed the eject button.” Jake asked.
“Yes, I am sure Jake. The inject button releases a burst of air that releases the suction. The darts will fall off into the snow where they will not be spotted. The rest of the dart is made up of a dissolvable material like the packing peanuts you dissolve in water. The snow will dissolve them into a mess of goop that will hide the electronics, unless someone tears that goop apart will they know what it is inside the goop.  Here give me that drone, and I will see if we can pick up a transmission from them. See, Jake, the camera is showing the darts are encased in goop that looks like it is already freezing in the snow.  Speaking of freezing let go home, my nether regions are sticking to this snowmobile.”
***

Denny did not had time to review the video and sound of Fridays recordings in Mr. Edwards classroom with Sundays undercover snowmobiling coming up.   During the Winter Christmas pageant that Friday the last day of school before winter break started and that weekend kicked off the Winter festival in town. Denny had Ava sneak into Mr. Edwards classroom that evening to get the camera and audio recorders for him. When he got back from the snowmobiling he took the time to listen to the audio recording first. Since Monday through Thursday, he had no usable conversations of Mr. Edwards on his cell phone between classes and after school. The video only showed Sebastian and the conversations where what you would expect from father and son or was that between mother and son. Friday’s recording reveal much when it picked up Sebastian talking to his father about the upcoming Rave next Thursday at the farm. Mr. Edwards shared with his son that it would be the last Rave at the farm and that Mr. Creavy was pulling the operation out of the state to its next location the next day. When Sebastian asked why, his Mother/Father told Sebastian the testing on the new drug was finished and satisfied with the latest adjustment to the formula reducing the risk of allergic reaction they had been seeing.  Mr. Creavy was readying to go into full production after the New year.  He told Sebastian they wouldn’t be staying here. He had already given the school principal his resignation effective today. Told the principal he had a breakthrough in his research and a major agriculture fertilizer company bought his formula and hired him to supervise the production of it.  He didn’t have to teach anymore. Sebastian asked his father if the principal believed that bull.  His parent told Sebastian that he had no choice since from the beginning the principal knew he could have that breakthrough any time.  That was why he had an out clause in his contract.  It was renewable after the new year, so he wasn’t obligated to stay regardless. The last thing the recording picked up was Edwards telling his son to leave his books and everything he didn’t want in his locker. After this he wouldn’t be returning to another school posing as a 10th grader. Mr. Creavy has kept up to his bargain and had the fat bonus already in his Chicago bank account and would be, Mr. Creavy’s new head chemist. He would have a state-of-the-art lab and not some less then optimal lab on wheels either and no more teaching. The recording ended. 
When Jake had returned to the station with Sheriff Capp he showed the video and audio of what he saw in the motor home.  Liam Creavy, Edwards, and Sebastian. When Jake adjusted the audio to pick up the conversation they caught the start of a conversation by Creavy. “When we have our next Rave, we will have a few special visitors so you can show off your formula too and how it works. The patch you came up with is disguised as an entry pass.  The teens will not suspect they are being given a drug that will slowly get them high and hooked. Keep them coming back for more.  Our special visitors from Chicago, New York, and Orlando will like the ideal that they can print up labels for the patch to be just about anything they like. Unsuspecting teens and adults will not know what hit them.  Sebastian will pass around samples to our new marks, and we will have a new market overnight, the new marks will be like putty in our hands. Edwards just don’t mention our failures to our guest. They will get jittering and back off.  Once they place their orders, and we deliver, we can chalk off any problems on unknown factors. They will understand a new designer drug will have its risk when it hits the market in a big way. By then they will profit regardless just like we are doing selling it to them”.  At that point Jake had ejected the dart on the motor home window.  He showed the Sheriff the pictures of inside the barn.  It was decked out like what you would expect of a Rave, a night club that would change locations every week.  The sheriff dismissed Jake and told him to go home and have a good night rest he deserved it. Monday this office would be busy working and setting up a raid on the places as soon as the DEA cold get involved
As Jake left the sheriff office, his phone rang the Caller I.D. said was Denny.  “Denny my wonderful genius nephew, what can I do for, I owe you so much, that drone of yours gave us what we needed to get all the players at one time. Just have to wait until the DEA shows up.”
“When will that be Sheriff?” Denny asked.
“I suspect not until after Christmas, so we have to set on this until then.  I will have an around the clock watch on the places as match as I can without tipping them off.” The sheriff told Denny.
“That will be too late Sheriff.  I just reviewed Friday’s audio recording from Edwards classroom. They are having their last Rave this Thursday and pulling out Friday.  Edward handed his resignation at the school effective last Friday.”
“Denny, plug your ears, because you Uncle Andrew is going to swear up a storm here.”
“You mean #@&*, *&&(*&%#$ )(*$, and ^%$##@% Uncle Andrew” Denny said. 
“You took the words right out my  mouth, and don’t you let me hear you say those words again.” The sheriff told Denny. 
“Sheriff we can’t let them get away, Don’t, you have enough deputies to pull a raid off?”
“I would Denny except for one thing. Jake just showed me what the Audio conversation in the motor home was saying between Creavy and Edwards. It didn’t mention a time frame, but it was about the next Rave, where they were going to have some special visitors from Chicago, New York city, and Orlando to see a demonstration of Edwards new formula.  You can expect 3 city big shots with a lot of muscle with them.  My department couldn’t handle that kind of fire power Denny, and don’t you swear again Denny.  I am saving up my own cuss words after we are done talking. With the state police having a leak in their task force I can’t count on them without tipping Creavy off.  It gives us only three days to get a task force of law enforcement together large enough to handle this without risking lives.”
“Sheriff don’t you belong to a County Sheriff Association why not call as many county sheriff’s department you can to loan you more deputies as you need.” Denny suggested.
“Denny O’Tomas McKelly, I take it back. You can swear as much as you like.  I must be getting feeble minded.  Of course, I can, in fact I have a direct line to the Associations emergency response team.  Tell your Aunt Sersha and Aunt Nellie not to expect me home tonight.”  The sheriff hung up. He opened his office door and hollered at his night desk officer. “I want every available off duty deputy in my office yesterday. Martha and I don’t mean this morning either. When you get done with that I want you to activate the Sheriff Associations emergency response team call tree.  Sent the message out high priority,  and I want every County sheriff in my office in the four immediate counties, you know which ones.  Better yet, set up a conference call as well, as soon you can say at 9 pm.  When you are done with that you might want to order in some coffee, donuts, and sandwiches it is going to be long a night for our crew.”
Deputy Martha Santino started calling in the off-duty Deputies, after that she sent a message out to the emergency response team sheriffs asking for a conference call at 9 pm with Sheriff Capp. Then she called the all-night diner down the street and order, Coffee, Donuts, and sandwiches, the usual all-night full house fare she told the dinner. While she had accomplished that. Sheriff Capp was on the phone to the State Police commander at his home explaining what they had found out and why he needed him to get the word out to the four county sheriffs to confirm and ask for their cooperation.  They had three days to catch some very big fish at the Edwards farm. When he hung up he sent out the pictures of the portable lab, inside the Barn, and the recordings of the conversation from inside the motor home to the commander at his home and preliminary report on the Edwards. Nothing was going through channels at the commanders headquarters. He was relying on the commander to get the warrants needed to make all this legal.
By  Wednesday afternoon, Four County Sheriff departments and Sheriff Capps department where all together in a staging area, a Warehouse owned my Jackson Lake.  They were assembly their gear, going over satellite photos, photos of the suspects, history of the suspects, Photos of the lab and inside the barn. Each county had an assigned position in the raid. The Five Sheriffs would command their teams.  One team would come down the snowmobile trails on snowmobiles, over the open field and take the lab. A left and right flank would cover the barn, and a front flank would take the farm house, disable vehicles, and take the barn from the front. The fifth team would deal with the teens outside the net. Every deputy was warned that it was a Rave with teens, unsuspecting teens, Teens most likely high on drugs and booze.  The object here was Creavy, Henry/Henrietta Edwards and Sebastian Edwards, who was not a teen but a 25-year-old with a history of violence. And at least 3 Drug Lords with armed bodyguards from Chicago, New York city and Orlando.  Let the teens through the net, it is the principals they want. Standing ready from outside town a fleet of ambulances would be ready to respond to the needs of the teens, and any casualties.  
Sheriff Capp made it very clear that an operations like this was not going to avoid casualties, it was impossible to be prepared for the unseen.  With a force this size, the numbers are on our side. The unknown is the armed bodyguards, Creavy, and the Drug Lords.  It would be radio silence from the time they leave the warehouse, everyone had to be in place by the assigned time. The snowmobile team would leave first to be at their staging point to get their snowmobiles unloaded and in place by a set time. Each team would in stages advance to their staging point by their assigned time.  At approximately 9:00 pm, the snowmobile team would advance out of the wood and halfway across the field send off a flare the signal for each flank to move. After that flare, all radios on and, active. By late night Wednesday the task force had drilled and redrilled, then settled down in cots for the night. By Thursday early afternoon, every team had drilled over and over again. By 8 pm, the first team was on their way to  snowmobile trials. By 8:30 the left flank was in place in the woods left of the farm, by 8:40 the right flank was in place on the woods on the right of the barn.  By 8:45 the front flank was in place, and by 8:50 the fifth team was in place. At 9 pm. The snowmobile team move out into the open field heading for the lab, at 9:10 the flare went off.  By 9:40 it was all over.
There was no casualties among the teens, except drunkenness, Drugs, and fear.  In the motor home lab, the snowmobile team faced resistance when 6 body guards opened fired on the team assaulting the lab. Sharp shooters from the left and right flanks picked them off. Four seriously wounded, one surrendered, and one fatally shoot.  The three Drug Lords in the lab, without their bodyguards surrendered.  Henry Edwards and his son managed to make a brief escape but ran in to the right flank in the woods where they were captured and cuffed.  Creavy was nowhere to be found.  A search of the ground revealed the Edwards van was missing it had not been among the disabled vehicles.  Sheriff Capp was on the phone to Denny in his attic where Denny was tracking the GPS he planted on the van.  He gave the exact location of where the Van was heading toward Bixby from the Farm on county road 8, 2 miles out from the farm and traveling very slow.  Denny told the sheriff if you hurry you will catch him alongside the road wondering why the van suddenly stopped running, and why he can’t get his doors unlocked or windows down.  Sheriff Capp didn’t ask any questions of his Nephew.  With Jake he jumped his cruiser, and with two other cruisers behind him they came on to the van with Creavy trying to break out the windows unsuccessfully with his flapjack. When they couldn’t, get the doors open Sheriff Capp called Denny back?     
“Denny will you please tell me you can unlock these doors.”
“Certainly, Sheriff tell me when you are ready.” Sheriff Capp stationed his men around to the passenger’s side doors, and the backdoor, He and Jake stood at the driver’s door.  “Now Denny.” The sheriff  heard the click of doors unlocking. With five officers holding guns on Creavy he had no choice but to surrender. Back at the farm the fleet of ambulances were busy dealing with drug induced teens, pulling patches of their hands, and treating teens with alcohol poisoning, and teens emotionally terrified. 35 teens in all ages 14-18.  The seriously wounded bodyguards were on their way the Capp clinic. There was some minor injuries among the deputies, scratches, and the like from tracking through the woods at night, two twisted ankles from tripping over hidden logs. Two school buses had been commandeered to transport the teens to the warehouse where they would receive first aid and be processed.  The teens in serious Drug and Alcohol poisoning would be transported to Capp clinic.  A third smaller bus was under heavy armed guard where the remaining bodyguard, the Edwards and the 3 Drug Lords were being held. Creavy was under heavy guard in the sheriffs cruiser.  State police cruisers started showing up with the commander leading the way. They were the mop up crew.
Commander Anthony Jonson greets Sheriff Capp asking for report on casualties. “Commander, there are casualties among the teens, outside of Drug overdoses, Alcohol or emotional terror.  Nor any of the task force outside of a few scratches and sprain ankles traversing the woods. We do have 5 teens dealing with Drug overdose and on their way to the Capp Clinic, the rest are dealing with alcohol issues, and fear.  These are on their way the warehouse for first aid and processing.  One drug boss bodyguard is dead by sharp shooters after they fired on the assault team on the lab. Four seriously wounded and one surrendered. Our Drug Lords gave up after they discovered they had no bodyguards, The Edwards tried to flee but ran into the right flank in the woods and was captured. Creavy managed to escape in the Edwards van, but we managed to track him down and capture him without any casualties. Our captured are in the bus under guard, while Creavy is in my cruiser in arm and leg shackles and under guard. Thats about sums it up until we write up our official reports.”
“Did you serve the warrants properly Sheriff?” the commander asked.
“ Yes, I did as I enter the barn and handed it to the first kid who looked old enough to be served a warrant.  The assault team on the lab out back had theirs ready, but as they were fired upon first, I suppose it doesn’t matter now does it. As for the landlord of the property he was handed his just prior to our assault here, at his home.  That should cover the legalities Commander.” The sheriff confirmed.
“Good Job Sheriff. Oh, we found our leak in the communications center. He was caught trying to call Creavy. He was shouting in his cell phone screaming at someone to get Creavy.   Apparently it was some teen who didn’t know who Creavy was, loud music in the background. Then all we heard was chaos and teens screaming it’s the cops.  Then the connection ended.  Listen Andrew, my team will mop up here.  That lab needs a thorough going over by my team Chemist.   I have a prison bus coming so we can transfer our guests to the capital to hand them over to the DEA, and arraignment in Federal court.”
“ I understand you have some business to settle with Creavy in your jurisdiction, something about assault and battery of one your merchants and with Aiden Jones and his parents.  I hope that kid can I.D. him given his Mental incapacities.  You get him processed for that, and then the DEA can take over from there.  I suppose I should get on the horn and tell them to stand down their task force, send them home for Christmas.  You best get back to the warehouse, you  have some frighten teens to deal with, and parents when they arrive. We need to do our best to keep this out of the press until we have everything sorted out.  I read your follow up report yesterday on the transcripts of that conversation in the lab. It’s going to be a firestorm with the press when they get word of this new patch and teens being drugged unaware of it. Also, that DVD you sent me.  Your right it’s an eye opener, gives me a whole new perspective on how to look at it from a different point of view. I have added it to our Drug Task force curriculum.  Also, sent it to the governor, and with what you napped tonight it should get those behind it that campaign and your teen center some notice.  You keep this up Andrew, I might just recommend you too take over for me when I retire next year.”
“If I keep this up, I am going to be to burned out Commander and ready to retire myself.  No, thank you sir.  I think a younger person would be your better candidate.  Do me a favor Commander, don’t mention this to my wife. She thinks I have too much to handle now as sheriff. She would go ballistic if she thought I even thought of taking up your offer.  The risk factor would give her a heart attack.” The Sheriff told the Commander.
“Oh, the risk factor isn’t all that bad.  I get to mop up after all the risks are taking.  It’s the long hours in the office stuck in chair with a phone glued to my ear that is killing me. I would welcome dodging a bullet.  At least I would get some exercise.”  The Commander left Andrew Capp laughing, as he told his fellow sheriffs, they can send their men home.  Our job here is done.  Let’s convene over a video conference call say Monday afternoon to compare notes and finalize our reports. Commander Jonson is pleased and impressed on how we performed, pass it on to your men.  I will be at the warehouse with my men dealing with the teens and their parents. The Commander said to do your best to keep a lid on this with the press until we finalize our reports.  You know the routine.  I suspect your switchboard will be busy by Monday.  Everyone have a Merry Christmas and hopefully we won’t have to get together like this except for our annual Sheriff Association picnic.”  The sheriff gets into his cruiser and turns to Jake.
“Has our guest been behaving himself Jake?”
“He has been quiet since I read him his rights at the van.” Jake said.
“Oh, I am sure he will be talking soon with his lawyer, just make sure he gets his one phone call when we get back to the station and in lock up. Call ahead and have them ready for us.  I don’t want any problems getting him into his private cell.”  The private cell at the sheriff station was a maximum-security one-man cell for violent detainees no bigger than a walk-in closet with a privy, and very sound proof.
***

After the Sheriff helped Jake and two other deputies get Creavy into his new accommodations.  Sheriff Capp headed over to the warehouse, where Dr. Sersha Capp and a team of medics where finishing up their examinations of the teens in custody. Her report to her husband was encouraging.
“Most of these teens will be fine by tomorrow physically. Half of them are going to need some follow up with mental health, which is expected when “all Hell breaks loose when armed police come breaking in on their party.”  I am sorry Andrew, as a parent I have a right to be angry, as a Doctor you can double that anger.  All these teens didn’t know that the patch they were wearing or being offered was an illicit drug.  Outside of wanting to have a fun time at a Rave, they were traumatized when I had to tell them what was behind that Rave.  What is worse they are equally scared waiting for their parents to show up.  I would be if I were there age and in this situation.”
“Sersha, what of those teens we sent to the clinic?” Andrew asked.
“We will have to keep an eye on them for a few days. We are dealing with symptoms of drug overdose, and again it’s along the line of an allergic reaction like with Aiden Jones near fatal serious overdose and our fatality last month. We got to them in time to prevent any serious damage.  With a couple it’s just withdrawal. For two teens age 14 it is Alcohol poison which at that age isn’t the volume of Alcohol it is the age, we will need to keep a close watch on them and some neurological testing to assess any long-term issues.  Your wounded Drug Lord bodyguards will survive and can be transferred to a prison Hospital ward by Saturday. Your dead bodyguard is in the clinic morgue.  I don’t want those bodyguards in my clinic when the press starts hounding at my door, not to mention some very angry parents.” Sersha expressed her anger.
“I am sorry dear, it hard for me too, to be detached from being a parent and a law-enforcement officer. The parent in me wanted to shoot first and ask questions later. If it helps we got all the principals, plus three drug lords from Chicago, New York City, and Orlando. That will put a big hole in those markets. We have the chemist too, Mr. Edwards or Mrs. Edwards, now that is one for the books, the son, and Liam Creavy the mastermind behind this.  There were no casualties among the task force outside a few scratches, and sprained ankles from tracking through the woods.  I was expecting to have some casualties when we knew we were facing some seriously armed bodyguards with the temperament of men used to protecting their crime bosses at all cost. Our Sharpshooters were better which saved lives on our side. It had to be done.  I just wished it didn’t have to be done in my county or any county in this country.”
“I know dear, it is frightening to know that it’s happening in our backyard that men like Creavy has to show up and destroy our peace and tranquility.  It is a fact that our larger communities and major cities have to deal with drugs and drug lords, and its worse for them. But why do these people have to come here to a community that is just a speck of sand on the map. Where do they think they can profit from that speck of sand peddling there poison and ruining lives?” Sersha asked.
“I wish I can tell you. It’s hard to understand what motivates them to expand their markets. Is it greed, or are they being pushed out of the cities because it is getting harder for them to make that profit in the cities, or is it both?” Andrew told her.
“If it’s both, maybe we should all move to the cities and let them have their speck of sand to try and find anyone to sell their poison too.”
“One problem with that Sersha, they would just return to the cities where they will have all of us at their mercy.  I don’t think I would like to live out of a suitcase moving back and forth trying to avoid them.  I will stand my ground right here where I was born and make sure they don’t come back here, and if they do, they better bring an army, because mine will always be bigger backed by the laws and justice of this land.  Liam Creavy is going to find out he made a mistake coming to Grand Apple Valley Junction with his poisons. Every county Sheriff in this country is going know how one of the poorest counties in this state and its sheriff nabbed some important Drug lords and put a stop to a new deadly designer drug spreading across this nation.  We may be a speak of sand Sersha in the scheme of things, but it’s our speak of sand and I will defend it to the death.”


Chapter 11
Postface


In the time that passed since the raid on the Rave, 10 years have passed.  Months after the raid had passed.  The principals caught up in their schemes to market a new illicit designer drug where found guilty of conspiring to manufacture an illicit drug along with several other federal related crimes, including murder, attempted murder, contributing to the delinquency of a minor, enticing minors for unmoral purposes. Administering and testing a drug on a minor without their permission and practicing medicine without a license. That was just the charges against the Edwards. The Three Drug Lords and there bodyguards were found guilty of aiding and abetting the commission of a crime, attempted murder of law enforcement officers while committing a crime. Associating with a known Criminal while on parole (the bodyguards), and conspiracy of buying an illicit drug for the purpose of manufacturing and distribution of an Illicit drug to minors. 
Liam Creavy was found guilty of murder of an undercover cop which Aunt Penny testified that Creavy admitted such and that testimony was supported by the Audio recordings and video recordings of him attacking Aunt Penny in her store.  The Murder of a police officer had no Statute of Limitation.  He was found guilty of attempted murder of Aunt Penny and the tampering of a witness preventing them from testifying against him in the murder of the undercover cop also supported by the audio recording when he confessed to Aunt Penny he kept his wife hooked on drugs and arranged for her to be caught selling drugs. That was the least of his problems. He was also found guilting of attempted murder in the overdose of Aiden Jones, who was able to point him out as the man who dumped him off in the alley behind the Walker Inn.  Henry Edwards or rather Henrietta attempted to shift blame on Creavy for the death of the Bixby boy and the death of the teen found in Taylorville.  Creavy was found guilty of those deaths as well, as was Edwards. 
Sebastian Edwards was found guilty of impersonating a minor in the commission of a crime, accessory to murder, aiding and abetting in Drug trafficking, along with parole violations and contributing to a minor and delinquency of a minor. The guy in the State Police post communication center linking information to Creavy was initially charged with accessory after the fact, aiding and abetting, and interfering with the police in a criminal investigation, and when they slapped an accessory to murder. He rolled over like puppy for a belly scratch. Gave states evidence linking a chain of similar informers in police communications centers across the country working for Drug Lords as temp workers in communications to pass on information of pending, ongoing investigations, and raids. Like a snowball rolling down a mountain. The avalanche kept spreading outward to encompass a greater area, then just one speck of sand.  Unfortunately, like an iceberg, there is much more than meets the eye below the surface. The avalanche took out only a small number of drug trafficking elements in the country. 
Sheriff Capp and his department where recognized by the Governor for starting that avalanche. The G.A.V.A Club Service Club and the Teen center was awarded a commendation by the state for their “Know and Beware” campaign and was now an official part of the state’s campaign on Drugs in schools, communities, and Law Enforcement training. The “Know and Beware” Campaign was being adopted in other states and by the end of following year it was a national Campaign. 
***

As time does, it never slows down, our G.A.V.A commissioners Charley and Roy, Maddy and Harper, Denny and Ava graduated high school.  Then Donald and Ricky followed after that. As relationships often go, Charley and Harper broke up soon after high school on differences of opinions.  When Charley announced he was going into premed and wasn’t planning getting married soon until at least he finish premed.  Harper decided she didn’t want to wait that long. It broke Charley’s heart, and to get over it he buried himself in his premed courses.  Roy on the other hand had proposed to Maddy and she accepted. They had a small wedding in the Lake Mansion, then both went off to the same college where Roy decided to follow in his father’s footsteps and eventually become an FBI Agent and Maddy would get a degree in Criminal Science Investigation.  Denny and Ava didn’t rush into a marriage yet, but Denny did propose to Ava, and she accepted and was willing to wait until after college to get married.  Denny wanted to establish a new workshop at Copper Ore Lodge where he could have the room to expand his creative genius and create more inventions.  They both decided to go to college at Michigan Technological University, in the U.P. at Houghton, Ava’s mothers Alma Mater.  They would take residency at the University and spend their free time at the lodge.
Time went by fast, for everyone, Roger graduated from college with his degree and went to work at Apply Valley High as there new librarian. Eventually he would replace his father when he retired from the public library.  Brian when on to Graduate school in Ireland  and got his PhD in Ancient studies and Conservation of Ancient artifacts and ruins.  Jimmy, though he delayed his plans for college for a year, he went on to Central Michigan and earned his master’s in social work. Grandfather Tom had finally sold his sheep and converted the farm into a recreational/institutional summer camp for troubled  oys called the Walker Woods Ranch. When Jimmy graduated, he took over the ranch for his Grandfather and off season worked at the Teen center in town.  Ricky went to college got a degree in political science and became Grand Apply Valley Junctions youngest mayor and first mayor of color. Eventually Ricky made it to the State Senate.  As Jimmy had predicted, Donald stayed in Grand Apple Valley Junction and ran Aunt Penny’s store when she retired. Donald married a local girl and started a family.  
Jake after his internship at the County Sheriff station ended he took over Officer Millers post as Grand Apple Valley Junctions chief of police the only city policemen in town.  Eventually he would be elected the County Sheriff replacing the retiring Sheriff Capp.  Billy Sikes took over for Jackson Lake as Lakes Enterprises President.  The Lakes took a world tour, and Barbara Jean finally got to see Paris in the Spring.
Charley when he finished his residency, he joined his mother at the Capp Clinic where he eventually took over for his mother in running the clinic when she retired.  The Capps and the Jackson’s saw Paris together. Roy, and Maddy had their first kid a boy, Which, his father was tickled pink to have a grandson to carry on the Capp name. Sersha complained she wanted a granddaughter she could dress up in pink ribbons and dresses.  Roy promised her next time.  Eventually Roy became an FBI agent and posted to the Michigan state capital field office and Maddy took a position at the Michigan state police headquarters as a CSI. And yes, Sersha finally a Granddaughter to put Pink ribbons in her hair.
Ava got her degree at Michigan Tech in cybersecurity and Denny got a degree in advanced Technology and Design. They married shortly after graduation and set housekeeping up at the lodge. Where Delbert and Sarah still managed for Denny.  Aunt Nellie had retired when Denny and Ava went off to college and took a room at the Lodge until her own private Cottage was finished.  Off in a corner of the property, Denny built a large house for Ava next to his workshop. Where his mother-in-law came to live with them.  With his legacy from his Father, and the income the lodge was bringing in, and the many patents Denny had, the two could now plan a family.  After a year trying Denny got the sad news he was not able to father a child. They decided to adopt, and within a year they adopted 10-year-old twin siblings a boy and a girl.
Caesar and Freddy when on to having a recording career and toured. Two of their albums won Grammy’s, and an HBO special at the Copper Ore Lodge highlighting the Lodges history and the cabaret won an Emmy. The Two, when not touring remained at the Lodge as House artist bringing in a steady business for the lodge year-round.
Aunt Nellie took up residency in her own cottage, where she wrote her memoirs of her Wild and Woolley adventures, as much as she could that wasn’t classified. She wrote about the adventures of the Grand Apple Valley Adventure club in her memoirs, and the story of Denny which was a great part of the G.A.V.A club adventures.  Denny and the G.A.V.A club members gave Aunt Nellie’s their blessings and when the memoirs where published first in Ireland.  It became a  national treasure for everyone to read about the adventures of Lady Erin Danielle McKelly and about Lord Dennis O’Tomas McKelly’s childhood and his own adventures. When it first came to the States, it wasn’t received well, many where skeptical about its being factual. When HBO did the special about the Copper Ore Lodge that was mentioned in Aunt Nellie’s Memoirs and its history and the cabaret. A renewed interest spiked the sales of her memoirs in the state. There was one interesting fact in the memoirs, Aunt Nellie revealed her actual age.  At the time the memoir was published Aunt Nellie was 96 years old.  Older then  Denny thought she was, much older than he believed. Among the pictures in her memoirs was a copy of an official church document recording her birth as December 23rd , 1933. 
Aunt Nellie passed on in her sleep peacefully at age 98, expected at that age but unexpected none the less. She was still active around the cottage and took daily walks to the lodge and back.  She spend as  much time as she could with her Great, Great, Great, grandnephew and  his twin sister. She was a favorite fixture at the lodge for the guest to enjoy her Wild and Woolley stories.  She enjoyed signing copies of her memoirs that where on sale in the lodge. When Denny got the call from Sarah, he was stunned, in shock.  He told Ava to call his Aunt and Uncle and rushed over to Aunt Nellie’s Cottage. Sarah and Delbert were there, in the sitting room. Sarah led Denny into Aunt Nellie bedroom and quietly left. 
Aunt Nellie laid peacefully in her bed with her favorite Irish Lace Shawl around her shoulders.  In her hands was a picture of the McKelly castle where she stood posing with Denny, the Twins, Jake, Ricky, Brian, Jimmy, Roger, and Caesar. On the night stand next to her was her small jewelry box and underneath was a bundle of documents.  Upon inspection Denny saw it was her Last Will and Testament, and a letter addressed to Denny.  Denny opened the letter and read.
“My Little Leprechaun, I tried to cheat time, but I fear I hear that banshee in the night calling me to my ancestral home.  Take me home Denny and let me lie in the green fertile soil of my beloved Ireland. My Will and papers have my final instructions asking to be buried in the center of the ruins of our Ancestral home. The foundation prepared the tomb for me years ago. First I wish to have a memorial service in Grand Apple Valley Junction.  The Tucker funeral home have my instructions on file, they will know what to do. All is prepared in advance and paid for.  Thompson Funeral service will take care of things here in Thompson and see that I get to Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Tucker Funeral Home will make the arrangements to get me home to Ireland. They have a phone number to call the foundation, they will know what they need to do from there, and who to call. I don’t expect a quiet peaceful service in Ireland, in fact I think I will enjoy the pomp and circumstance for a change from my rocking chair in heaven.  I am very proud of you my Little Leprechaun, Lord Dennis O’Tomas McKelly.  Get used to it you are now the only living oldest male McKelly.  Tell the G.A.V.A boys, I am proud of them, they have been my second family. Make sure they can make it to Ireland for me I want them as my pall bearers, and you leading them.  Don’t forget the bagpipes.  Ireland will expect something of you, so don’t let them down.  Oh, make sure those twins of yours have my jewelry box. The Will can be read in Ireland. Your loving Aunt Nellie.”
Ava joined Denny has he cried in Aunt Nellie lap. She lead Denny out of the room with Aunt Nellie’s Jewelry box, Will, and  papers in his hands, as the local M.E. arrived in the room.  Sarah, Delbert, with Ava’s helped lead Denny out of the cottage to the lodge.  There they were met by the lodge staff, Caesar, and Freddy. They tried to comfort Denny, but their own tears joined his. It was a solemn afternoon in the lodge for all.  Mr. Lange the funeral director came over to the lodge.  Told Sarah that Aunt Nellie was on her way to town. He will make all the arrangements that were preplanned by Aunt Nellie to see that she gets to Tucker Funeral home in Grand Apple Valley Junction. If Lord McKelly, wishes he can come over tonight, to go over the arrangements or in the morning. 
It is always best to make the transfer as soon as possible. It can be arranged for Aunt Nellie to arrive by tomorrow late afternoon or early evening by motor or sooner if family chooses to use an airline.  We can discuss that later. The M.E. states that because of her age, the death certificate will be filed as natural causes. He assured me that her passing was peaceful sometime in the middle of the night.   I am sorry for your lose. I read her memoirs she was a remarkable women. Tell Lord McKelly we will  do her honor in getting her ready for transfer. She ordered a very special casket with the family crest on it.  I am at your disposal so don’t hesitate to call.” Mr. Lange handed Sarah his card then respectfully made his exit.
Early that morning Denny decided that Aunt Nellie so like to travel by motor he asked that she go by funeral coach.  All the arrangements were made and the Tucker Funeral Home where expecting her by 6 p.m. that day.  The immediate family would follow the coach to Grand Apple Valley Junction.  The coach would be leaving at 12:30 from Thompson to the bridge and on through to Grand Apple Valley Junction.  Denny and Ava with the twins would follow behind the coach.  Sarah, Delbert, Caesar, and Freddy behind them. Denny made arrangements at the Thompson Funeral services to have a private showing for the lodge staff and family friends at 11:30, then proceed on from there.  They arrived in Grand Apple Valley Junction 10 minutes past six.  Where Uncle Andrew, Aunt Sersha, Charley, and Roy with Maddy, where waiting in the funeral home.  They greeted Denny and Ava, and Maddy took charge of the twins.  Aunt Sersha ask how Denny was holding up, then thought twice about asking. Of course, Denny wasn’t holding up.  She gave Denny a hug and started crying. 
“Aunt Sersha don’t you will get me crying again.  She passed quietly in night the ways she always wanted to.”
“I can’t help crying Denny.  I am a doctor I know I should be used to death. It’s a comfort to know she didn’t suffer.” Denny reached in his pocket and handed Dr. Mom the letter Aunt Nellie wrote to him.  He knew Aunt Nellie wouldn’t mind.
She read the note, started crying again. “Just like her to say she heard the Banshee screaming and knew it was time.” Wiping her new tears off. “Listen Denny, your Uncle has made the arrangements for a private jet to leave Detroit as you requested.  It should fit all of us, plus the Twins, your twins, Maddy, Jimmy, Roger, Ricky, Jake, and Caesar. The lodge at the foundation is reserved for us in Ennis. The foundation is handling just about everything else.  There will be a family and friends viewing here tonight at 7:30, and one tomorrow in the morning as Aunt Nellie requested. That should give everyone enough time to visit and pay their respect.  The memorial service will be held that evening.  In the following morning we will be following her to the Capital city airport where the private plan will be ready for us.  A short stop in in New York for refueling then we should be in Dublin by late afternoon.  Then an official Motorcade to Ennis where she will remain in state in the castle. For that evening and the next day.  Following that last day, a private ceremony at the ruins in the early afternoon for family and dignitaries.  I don’t know why she wanted all this pomp and circumstance Denny, I always thought she would be satisfied with a pauper’s funeral, the way she always acted.” Sersha said of her great Aunt. 
“I know Aunt Sersha, it surprised me too. She did say in her note to me that she was going to enjoy that pomp and circumstance from her rocking chair in heaven.  I believe Mr. Tucker is ready, so I suppose we best pay our respects before others arrive.” Denny bravely led his Aunt Sersha into the viewing parlor and handed her over to his Uncle Andrew, with  Charley, Roy  and Maddy behind their parents they paid theirs respect.  It’s was never easy for younger members of the family to deal with their first lose. The Twins never knew their Grandfather McKelly or their Father’s parents.  Denny had only a brief memory of his mother and too young to remember his father.  That memorial service 14 years later was closure, but with no physical viewing it was still difficult for Denny to view Aunt Nellie the only parent he ever knew.   After the private viewing time, Director Tucker opened the viewing room to the family friends.   Jake, his parents, the Walkers, and the Wilks paid their respect and condolence to Denny and Ava, then the rest of the family.  Other close friends arrived and somehow Denny got through the evening with his family.
The next morning there was a much larger than expected visitation by neighbors and strangers. By 1. P.M. they had filtered out of the funeral home. The facility was prepared for the early evening memorial service.  Early the next  morning the family and the funeral coach left for the short trip to the airport. The family and the funeral coach arrived at the airport private terminal. After Aunt Nellie was transferred into the planes hold. The family boarded the plane and a half hour later they were in the air. Eight hours later they were in Dublin 3 p.m. Irish time.   The Official Motorcade was waiting with a Hearse, and six limousines, One for Denny, Ava, and their twins, one for The Capps. The other four were for Dignitaries representing the Republic of Ireland, Great Britain, Egypt, and France.  Aunt Nellie’s cousin, retired Garda Inspectorate Collins was among the representatives from Ireland.  He formally greeted Lord Denny and Lady Ava, and their twins. Which caught Ava off guard, as that was the first time she had been called Lady Ava. Denny explained to her in the limo that she should get used to it while here in Ireland. They were big on formalities, even though the title was hereditary, and not a British title of nobility by the crown. The Irish loved their heritage. The motorcade went through the streets of Dublin lined with people paying their respect for a Lady of the realm and a local legend.  Her Memoirs where responsible for much of the pomp and circumstance.

Arriving at Ennis with much of the same pomp and circumstance.  Brain Moore and his family greeted Denny at the castle lodge.  The foundation director and staff explain to Denny there preparations.  The Castle would opened that evening for 3 hours to allow dignitaries to view the closed casket with the Flag of the Republic of Ireland draped over the foot of the casket and the crest of the McKelly clan at the head. Lord Denny and Lady Ava, at the head of the receiving line, with Aunt Sersha next, then Charley, and Roy. The last direct descendants of the McKelly clan.  Cousin Collin stood next to Lord Denny introducing the Dignitaries to Denny and Ava. Then to the Dignitaries, Aunt Sersha and the twins.
The next day the public was admitted to the castle.  The line was long, it seemed as if all of Ennis were there to pay their respect. Thankfully, Denny and the family where not required to greet them. Denny took the time to write his eulogy for tomorrow’s final services.  Denny was finding out he was liking all this pomp and circumstance.  He had met some very important people from several governments who at one time or another had some relationship with Aunt Nellie’s MI-5 years as an agent. Just has many had met Aunt Nellie when she was globetrotting, around the world the wealthy heiress spending her fortune and having Wild and Woolley adventures.  One middle aged  gentlemen from Egypt remembered Aunt Nellie with a young niece of hers some 28 years ago. The niece was just 15 years of age on her first world trip, he was 17, son of a British Diplomate in Cairo.  Lady Erin had brought her niece with her to a formal embassy dinner.  He had danced with the niece several times. He was smitten by the Niece’s Irish charm.  He was sorry he couldn’t remember the nieces name. Did Lord Denny by chance ever hear his Aunt talk about the niece. Denny said the Niece was named Rebecca, his mother. The man said it was a small world after all, moved on down the receiving line. Denny turned to his cousin Collins and asked who the  man was. Cousin Collins told Denny that he was a senior British Diplomate, a distant cousin to the throne of England.  His late father was an Earl, second cousin to the Queen. That evening in the Lodge, after the last of the viewers left the castle,  the McKelly’s with distant cousins had a good old Irish wake for Aunt Nellie where stories where shared about what they remembered of the old girl when she was young.
The next day, Aunt Nellie’s coffin was carried to the old ruins to the tomb by Jake, Caesar, Brian, The Twins, Jimmy, Roger, and Ricky.  Denny dressed in McKelly clan colors wearing  the clan coronet lead the coffin to the tomb were bagpipes played a traditional Irish funeral dirge.  Cousin Collins gave an official eulogy of the Irish governments thanks for the great service Lady Erin Danielle McKelly done for her country.  Denny gave the final eulogy of Aunt Nellie’s life in American and her devotion to her American family and adopted family naming each pall bearer and their relationship to Aunt Nellie.  Aunt Nellie a favorite surrogate Aunt to them all?  He spoke of his love for Aunt Nellie, and how she was his surrogate mother, and father.  He finished with one of Aunt Nellie favorite quotes, “A lady never reveals her age. And how he told her “you’re not a lady, you are my Aunt.”  Long before he ever understood she was a “Lady.”  “Lady Erin Danielle McKelly of the McKelly Clan of Ennis, Ireland, who always said “I never follow trouble, trouble follows me.”  The bagpipes played as Lady Erin Danielle McKelly was placed in the tomb in the center of the old ancestral castle ruins. Life goes on for the living, and the living will remember Aunt Nellie.  Though she may be gone from them physically. She will live in the hearts of Denny, and the Grand Apple Valley Adventure Club and the generation of G.A.V.A boys and girls to come, who will have their own “Rite of Passage”.
