Royal Twins Shalin ε Esme ~  Book 1 Esme’s Wolf

Esme’s Wolf

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2019 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Janice Orsini 

Smashwords edition 2019

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske

Esme’s Wolf

Chapter 1

Kingdom of Henge

Esme sat on a barrel of flour in Cook’s kitchen, eating a gingerbread cookie and sipping a cup of apple cider as Cook chattered on about the menu for tonight’s dinner.
“I thought a nice leg ‘a lamb to welcome Ambassador Phinn and his troupe ‘a actors back ta’ Henge might be just the thing.” Cook held up her raw leg of lamb for Esme’s inspection.
Esme nodded, not really paying attention to anything but her snack. At eleven years old, she found the kitchen a convenient hiding place to avoid lessons in Latin. She knew Cook would always vouch for the fact that she had been here learning to cook some new dish.
Esme’s head jerked up when something scratched at the kitchen’s back door.
Cook turned to open the door but Esme jumped ahead of her.
“It is my wolf.  Something is wrong.” Esme’s face mirrored her fear.
Esme yanked the door open to reveal one of her beloved wolves. The wolf limped a few steps and sank to the floor. Sticking out from his left front paw was the broken shaft of an arrow. Blood and pus oozed from the infected wound, staining his swollen paw red. Esme wrapped her arms around the wolf’s neck, sobbing. Her wolf nuzzled her cheek and licked away a tear.
“Get Mama!” Esme cried out to cook.
“Yes, yes. She’ll know what to do,” Cook murmured in a consoling voice as she rushed out the door.
“Who did this to you?” Esme sobbed as she stroked her wolf’s fur.
A picture of the wolf’s brother lying dead with an arrow through his heart flashed into Esme’s mind.
“Not him, too?” Esme moaned.
Esme knew her wolf had dragged himself home to say goodbye but she could not accept it. “You will not die,” she vowed. “Mama will save you. And if she cannot, Electra will.”

Striding into the kitchen with Shalin, Esme’s twin sister, close behind, Serafina stopped briefly to take in the scene before her.  She gently lifted the wolf’s paw to study the wound.
Cook staggered into the kitchen, flushed and breathing hard from her race up and down the stairs. Serafina looked up at her.
 “Cook, bring me your sharpest knife,” she ordered. “We need to cut out the arrow’s barb.”
“Surely you can save him, Mama?” Esme pleaded.
Serafina looked skeptical. “He is old. It is doubtful.”
“No, he is not old.” Esme clung tighter to her wolf’s neck. “His brother is dead. Someone shot him with an arrow.”
Serafina turned to Shalin. “Get a castle guard. We need someone to hold him while I cut out the arrow.”
“I will get Father,” Shalin yelled. She ran out the door before Serafina could stop her.

Prince Blackwell, the twins’ father, came through the door with Shalin a few minutes later.
“What has happened?” he demanded. “Shalin said it was a matter of life or death.”
“Someone has shot Esme’s wolf,” Serafina said in a calm voice. “I told Shalin to bring a soldier to hold him while I cut out the arrow.”
“Father was closer,” Shalin contended.
Prince Blackwell put a hand on Shalin’s shoulder. “Yes, quite right. I will hold him.” Prince Blackwell moved closer. “He looks to be in bad shape.”
“He cannot die, too.” Esme wiped the tears from her face. “He and his brother were both shot.”
Prince Blackwell gently pried Esme’s hands from around the wolf’s neck as Cook handed her sharpest knife to Serafina.
Cook tried to pull Esme back from the wolf but Esme shook her off. “He needs me to be close.”
Esme locked her mind to her wolf’s mind, showing him what was about to happen. 
The wolf growled deep and threatening in his throat, but Esme put a picture in his mind of the arrow coming out and the wolf quieted.
Prince Blackwell, a tall muscular man, draped himself over the wolf’s body, one knee on either side, clasping his hands around the wolf’s jaw.
Serafina made a quick, deep cut and pulled the arrow free.
Cook handed her a clean towel to staunch the flow of blood.
As Prince Blackwell rose to his feet, trying not to cause the wolf more pain, Esme flung herself over her wolf and burrowed her face in its fur.
“Where is the other wolf?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“There is only the one,” Serafina answered.
“Esme said they were both shot.” Prince Blackwell looked at his daughter, still clinging fiercely to her wolf.
“The other one is dead,” Esme choked out between sobs. “This one told me.”
“Who told you?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“My wolf!” Esme spoke in a loud, defiant voice. “My wolf told me. He put a picture in my mind.” Esme knew her mother had forbidden her to tell Prince Blackwell that she and Shalin could read minds but she was tired of keeping her powers a secret from her own father.
Prince Blackwell turned a questioning look in his wife’s direction.
Serafina shrugged. “I do not think it is a thing you want to hear.”
“That a wolf speaks to my daughter? What am I to make of such a thing?” Prince Blackwell knelt down in front of Esme, who still had her face close to her wolf’s neck. “You are very upset, my dear. Your other wolf did not return with this one. It is quite understandable that you would assume the worst. I will send soldiers out to follow the tracks. We will find out what has happened to your other wolf.”
Prince Blackwell stood and stepped over the wounded wolf, heading for the barracks.
When he closed the door to the kitchen, Esme looked up at her mother with sad eyes. “Why do you not tell him? Would it make me a monster in his eyes to know I can read minds? Do you think me a monster?”
Serafina ran her hand down Esme’s hair. “Certainly not. I think you are blessed with extraordinary gifts. Your father will agree in time.”
Esme felt her sorrow dissipate as anger took its place. “Shalin and I are already eleven years old. How long is it going to take?”
Serafina lifted the bloodstained towel and handed it to Cook who stood transfixed, her mouth hanging open as she took in this conversation.
Serafina fixed her eyes on Cook in a steely gaze. “Anything you have heard is not to leave this room. I am sure you understand.” Serafina’s voice held a note of warning. 
“Yes, yer Majesty.” Cook nodded as though in a daze. Her hands shook as she stared at the bloody towel.
“Please go upstairs and bring down my bag of herbs,” Serafina ordered.
“Right away, yer Majesty.” Cook stumbled and caught her balance on the door frame in her haste to leave the kitchen.
Serafina sighed and closed her eyes for a moment.
“It seems we have come to a crossroads where your powers are concerned. I will speak to your father but I cannot guarantee he is ready to accept what has always been before him.”
“Will he still love us?” Shalin asked with a worried expression.
“Of course he will. He is your father.”

Chapter 2

Kingdom of Henge

Esme lay on a blanket in a corner of Cook’s warm kitchen with one arm thrown over her wolf. The wolf, his paw wrapped in a poultice of herbs, had been given a mild sleeping potion. He slept fitfully, pawing the air as if running.
“He is dreaming of running away,” Esme told her sister.
Shalin sat on the floor, her back against the wall, within touching distance of the sleeping wolf. “I do not think he will be running any time soon.” 
“If it is not better in a few days, I will take him to Electra.” Esme ran her fingers over the swollen paw, stroking his fur to calm him as he slept.
“Do you think Mama will let you?”
Esme shrugged. “If she does not, I will go anyway.” 
“Would you really do that?”
Esme’s face was a mask of defiance. “Yes, I would.”
Shalin changed the subject. “The soldiers are still not back from following the tracks.” 
“They have nothing new to tell me. This wolf came alone from Fernland. I could see the ferns and trees around my other wolf in this one’s mind. The rest of the pack ran away.” New tears gathered in Esme’s eyes.
“Were there new pups?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, they were on their way here, as always, to show us their new spring pups when they were attacked. To save the pack, one gave his life.” Esme brushed away the tears as they dripped from her eyes. “Look into his mind and see for yourself.”
Shalin’s bond with the wolf was not as strong as Esme’s. The wolves had been a gift to Esme from the Silent Men, a religious cult that had kidnapped a two-year-old Esme and held her briefly as their reincarnated goddess at their mountain sanctuary. The wolves became her family at the cult’s sanctuary.
Shalin did not communicate with animals frequently, but at her sister’s request, she reached out with her mind to touch the mind of the injured wolf.
A picture took shape in Shalin’s mind. The wolf was running fast through the trees, but each step was filled with pain. He was alone. His pack was not with him. She broke the connection. “He is still dreaming. In the dream, he is on his way here, I think. He is alone in the forest.”
“I will find whoever did this,” Esme’s face flushed with unspent anger.
“What can you do? It is not against the law in Fernland to kill a wolf. We knew this might happen when you allowed your wolves to form a pack in Fernland.”
“I do not care about the law.” Esme realized she was holding her wolf too tightly when he made a sharp cry in his sleep.
“What would you do? Kill the person who killed your wolf?”
Esme let out a long breath. ”I do not know. But something.”
“If you go to Helsop, to Electra, I will go with you,” Shalin vowed, hoping that would take her sister’s mind away from thoughts of revenge. “Shall we try asking Mother’s permission first?”
Esme looked at the door to the dining room. “Let us wait to see if she keeps her promise to talk to Father about our powers.”
Shalin nodded. “What do you think he will do when he is forced to accept we have these unusual abilities?”
Esme pursed her lips as she thought about the question. “I think we may have to prove it before he accepts it. He could have believed it before now if he wanted to.” 
Shalin nodded slowly. “This is true. You have slipped up enough times.”
Shalin’s reminder brought a slight grin to Esme’s face. “They were not always slips. I was tired of keeping our powers secret.”
“Like the time you read Father’s mind and guessed that you were getting a pony for your birthday?”
Esme’s grin widened. “Yes, and the time the piece of cake flew off Grandfather’s plate and landed in mine.”
By now Esme was giggling and Shalin was glad they were off the subject of revenge for the wolf’s death. “Father has probably known all along. He just does not want it to be true.”
Esme’s sullen expression returned. “Why? What is so bad about our gifts? He could make use of them if he chose. We could tell him what people are thinking. We could help with irrigation projects like we did in Helsop, by guiding the flow of water.”
Shalin grimaced. “What I actually did in Helsop was flood the castle.” Then she laughed at the memory.
“Do you think he is afraid to see our powers? That we might use them to do bad things?” Esme asked.
Shalin shrugged. “Mama has done worse things than we have, and he still loves her.”
Esme nodded slowly. “She kidnapped Electra from Delphinia. That was really bad. That was so bad everyone tried to keep us from finding out.”
“And Electra thinks Mama may have tried to kill Prince Avor. Electra tried to keep from thinking it once when she was talking about her brother, so I pretended not to have read her mind.” Shalin looked at her sister to see if she thought such a thing could be true.
Esme believed it possible. “Maybe Father is afraid we will be like Mama and that is why he doesn’t want us to have powers.”
“I suppose that could be it,” Shalin agreed. “Maybe we are like Mama. You want to kill whoever killed your wolf.”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “Yes, I do. Maybe Father is right. Maybe we should not have powers. It would be easy for me to kill the person who did it, if I could find him. I could send a knife right into his heart, even from far away.”
A shiver ran through Shalin’s body. She had not realized the extent of her sister’s rage. “What do you think Mama would say if she knew what you were thinking? What would Electra say?”
“I do not know. I do not intend to ask Mama, but I might ask Electra. She is good at keeping secrets.”
Shalin nodded. “I think that is a good idea.”
Cook came into the kitchen through the dining room’s swinging doors.
“How is your wolf doing this morning?” she asked.
“The sleep is good for him, I think, but he is not much better.” Esme rubbed her wolf between his ears, a thing she knew he liked.
“I’ll just make a pot ‘a warm broth in case he wakes up hungry,” Cook decided.
Shalin could tell Cook no longer felt at ease around them. Their old friend was a little afraid of both her and Esme since learning Esme could read the mind of a wolf. Shalin guessed it was just this sort of uneasiness that made her father reluctant to acknowledge his daughters’ gifts.
“Have Mama and Father come down for breakfast yet?” Shalin asked.
“Not yet, but yer granddad’s there, thumpin’ his knife on the table like always.” Cook blushed a little, and quickly added, “Not that it’s my place ta’ be sayin’ what yer granddad should or shouldn’t be doing.” 
Shalin’s smile defused Cook’s embarrassment. “Do you want some help with breakfast?” 
“Now there’s my little bit ‘a sunshine,” Cook exclaimed. “I could surely use some help. The whole lot ‘a the actin’ troupe will be down presently, and they’re always big eaters. Specially that there giant of a man, Smiles. I think I’ll make a big bowl ‘a pancake batter. Do you want to make those little heart-shaped pancakes they all rave about?”
“Yes.” Shalin looked at Esme. “Do you want to make some?”
“No. I need to stay here and keep my wolf warm.” Suddenly realizing she was hungry, Esme yielded a bit. “But if you make them, I will eat one.” 

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

Ambassador Phinn, known in his youth as Take the Thief, came down the stairs from his castle suite with his wife, Juanita, and their six-year-old son, Drake.
Descending the staircase slowly, Phinn checked the dining table to see if any of his friends from the acting troupe were there yet. Only his father, old King Blackwell, was seated at the table, watching the swinging door to the kitchen and thumping the table impatiently with his knife.
Having lived his young life as an orphan, scrounging for food in Fernland’s marketplace to survive, Phinn knew how much he owed his father for his present situation. He was now Henge’s ambassador, complete with his own ship for himself and his acting troupe. He loved the querulous old man.
“Good morning, Father,” Phinn said from the staircase.
The old King dropped his knife and whipped his head around to view the staircase. “Son,” he called out as a delighted smile spread across his face. “Back from Sandovia are you?”
Noting his father seemed a little older each time he returned from one of his voyages, Phinn gave him a brief hug before pulling out a chair. “We arrived late last night.” 
As Phinn, his wife and son took their seats, Cook came through the swinging doors with a tray of cups and a pot of tea. 
“Finally.” the old King glared at Cook.
Cook ignored the old King’s comment and smiled at Phinn and his family. “Welcome home, Ambassador. I held over the leg ‘a lamb I made for ya’ last night. We’ll be havin’ it tonight. And this mornin’ we got a special treat made by yer niece, Shalin.”
“Heart-shaped pancakes?” Phinn guessed. 
“The very same,” Cook said, dropping her voice, “but I’ll let the twins tell you ‘bout that when they’re feelin’ up to it.”
Phinn looked at his father as Cook set the tray down and returned to the kitchen. “Is something wrong with the twins?”
The old King shrugged. “No one tells me anything,” he complained. Then his frown turned to an expression of anticipation as he leaned in closer to his son. “Except you. Tell me what happened in Sandovia.” 
Phinn knew his father was eager to know if he had picked up any hints of espionage in Sandovia, but he decided to begin with a review of the show they had put on for King Gundar and his court.
“We put on the new show we had been rehearsing. We had a castle backdrop with a secret entrance where a changeling slipped in and out reappearing as a variety of characters – a king, a princess, a wizard…”
The old King held up his hand. “We can get to all that later. I’m sure you had your whole audience on their feet, cheering. No doubt of that.” He paused and lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “But what about any secret information? Any rumors about what King Gundar is up to these days?”
Phinn traded a furtive glance with his wife. “Actually, Juanita heard a rumor in Sandovia’s marketplace.”
Old King Blackwell rubbed his hands together. “Now we’re getting to it.”
“It was only a conversation I overheard,” Juanita began. “A woman was complaining that the price of cabbage was higher every week. She said unless her husband found out where Henge was mining their exploding powder and could claim King Gundar’s reward, they would soon be forced to eat stone soup.”
The old King sat up straight. “A reward, is it? Gundar’s trying to find out where we get our exploding white powder. I knew we should keep a close watch on him!”
Phinn watched his father with a caution born of experience. He knew his father was quick to call for an armed response to anything he perceived as a threat to Henge. In this case the threat might be real. King Gundar bought his supply of exploding arrows from Henge at inflated prices. He needed the fearsome weapon to keep Sandovia’s pirate dens under control. If he could find the source of the unstable white powder needed to manufacture the exploding arrows, he would no longer be dependent on Henge for his supply, thus depriving Henge of a major source of income.
Old King Blackwell leaned forward in his seat with excitement. “Wait until your brother hears about this. I told him our Kingdom of Henge ship would pay for itself in secrets.”
Just then, Phinn’s brother, Prince Blackwell, ruler of Henge, appeared at the top of the stairs. He did not look happy. His wife, Princess Serafina, joined him and together they helped their aging black panther, Ebony, down the stairs.
“Phinn, Juanita, you are back.” Prince Blackwell seemed pleased. Over the years, since discovering he had a brother, he had become fond of the former thief.  “And who is this big fellow?” he added, pretending not to recognize his nephew, Drake.
The shy boy grinned. “I am Drake.”
“No, that is not possible,” Blackwell teased. “Drake is just a little fellow. You are at least two inches taller than Drake.”
Drake giggled but did not reply.
Serafina did not stop to acknowledge Phinn and his family. She continued on through the swinging doors of the kitchen with Ebony the Panther.

In the kitchen, Serafina found Shalin standing on a block of wood as she poured pancake batter into a heated pan to cook her heart-shaped pancakes. Esme lay next to her wolf, keeping him warm.
“I have brought Ebony to take your place next to the wolf while you have some breakfast.” Serafina nudged the big cat closer to Esme’s wolf.
Esme stood up and hugged Ebony. She put a picture of her wolf with an injured paw into Ebony’s mind so that she would know why he was incapacitated. Then she helped Ebony lie down beside the wolf on the blanket. If the wolf was old by wolf standards, Ebony was ancient by panther standards. No one knew how old Ebony was when Serafina purchased her, but over twelve years had elapsed since then.
Esme looked at her mother. “Did you talk to Father?”
Serafina nodded. “I did.”
“And?” 
“And he feels your mind-reading powers are nothing more than an excellent sense of intuition.” She paused and pressed her lips inward in a contemplative expression. “He loves you both very much.” Serafina included Shalin in her glance. “He sees his primary obligation as your father to be one of finding suitable husbands for both of you in a few years’ time.”
Esme was surprised by this announcement. “I do not wish to marry anyone,” she said in a shocked voice.
“Nor do I.” Shalin did not move from her place at the stove.
“Of course not.” Serafina did not appear surprised or dismayed by their reaction. “You are eleven years old. But your feelings about marriage could change in a few years.”
Esme shook her head with certainty. She would never want to marry. “But what of our calling powers? Did you tell him about them?” Esme asked.
Serafina smiled. “I hinted at them by reviewing certain unexplained past occurrences but he claims to have seen no evidence of such aberrations. Perhaps a little demonstration might be more convincing.”
Esme’s eyebrows shot up. Such a demonstration had never been allowed before. “Here in the castle? Now?” 
Serafina shrugged. “The acting troupe already knows of your powers. The only ones who will be surprised are your father and grandfather.”
Cook stood bent over with her head in a cupboard, supposedly searching for something. Esme was reminded of stories she had heard about big birds called ostriches who buried their heads in the sand to appear invisible. Cook probably wished she had not heard this conversation, and hoped that Serafina would not make note of her presence.
“A demonstration then.” Esme took a deep breath, and appeared ready.

Chapter 4

Kingdom of Henge

By the time Serafina entered the dining room, all eleven members of the acting troupe were seated around the table.
“I hope Cook made plenty of pancakes because I asked the acting troupe to join us for breakfast this morning,” old King Blackwell said as Serafina sat down.
Phinn, Tom and his wife Angie, and her two friends Peaches and Trixie, the five original members of the acting troupe, had come together twelve years earlier to perform an act at Electra’s engagement celebration. Their act, ‘The Great Sheik of Araby and his Harem Dancers,’ was a resounding success and led to more performances for the King and Queen of Fernland.
Phinn hired Smiles and Bear, two bakers he found selling sweet rolls in Fernland’s marketplace, because of their size. The huge man, Smiles, now handled the backstage rigging while his diminutive partner, Bear, was small enough to hide in the magic box and emerge dressed in various animal costumes. Bear and Peaches were now husband and wife.
Juanita and her friend Esmeralda first met Phinn at the Gypsy camp in Fernland. The two women were instrumental to Phinn’s discovering that old King Blackwell was his father.
Lars the Trader, Esmeralda’s husband was the last to join. 
Phinn’s son Drake, the newest member, had been born into the troupe six years ago.
The acting troupe, now elevated to the status of ambassadors, served at the pleasure of Prince Blackwell, but were doted on and provided for by old King Blackwell. The king was so happy to have found his long lost son, he would stop at nothing to keep him in Henge.
The old king stood up and offered a toast with his glass of cider as Serafina took her seat beside Prince Blackwell.
“We welcome back our ambassadors.” He paused and winked at his son, Phinn, as he continued. “And we also welcome the secrets they have brought back from Sandovia.”
Esme, Shalin and Cook carried in platters of heart-shaped pancakes which they set down to oohs and ahhs from those seated around the table.
“Is this your work, Shalin?” Prince Blackwell asked with a smile. 
Shalin nodded. “Cook helped.”
Cook shook her head. “If it’d been me they’d all ‘ave been round. Shalin’s the artist.”
Shalin took a chair beside her Uncle Phinn as Esme sat beside her shy cousin, Drake.
“Grab your forks, everyone,” old King Blackwell said. “No standing on ceremony. We are all family here.” He speared a little pancake with his knife and lifted it into his mouth. He washed it down with a sip of cider and turned to his older son, Prince Blackwell. “Phinn here has brought some news from Sandovia.” He nodded at his younger, illegitimate son. “Tell him, Phinn.”
Phinn was caught with his mouth full of pancake. He choked a little and swallowed quickly. He patted Shalin’s hand. “Delicious,” he said, before turning to his half-brother. “It is nothing much. Just gossip overheard at the marketplace. It seems King Gundar has offered a reward to anyone who can tell him the source of Henge’s white powder supply.” 
Prince Blackwell stopped eating. “This is quite serious. Do you consider the information reliable?” 
 Phinn shrugged. “There was no reason to lie. The person speaking hoped her husband would be the lucky one to find its source. It seems the reward is substantial.”
“How much is the reward?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“The woman did not mention the amount, but implied finding the source would secure her financial future,” Phinn said.
Old King Blackwell sat up straighter. “Didn’t I tell you our Kingdom of Henge ship would pay for itself in secrets? It may have been costly to have Phinn’s ship built in Fernland, but without it, we would not know what King Gundar has been up to.” 
 Prince Blackwell put his fingers to his chin, thinking. “Perhaps you should return to Sandovia to get an idea of what results this reward has achieved thus far.” Reaching for his cup of tea, he added, “And this time you should take Shalin with you.” A bewildered expression flickered across Prince Blackwell’s face. “Did I just say that?”
Shalin grinned. “I am sorry, Father, I know it is rude to put thoughts into someone’s mind, but I would so like to accompany the acting troupe to Sandovia. I could play the flute to earn my keep.”
Prince Blackwell shook his head as though to clear it. “Certainly you did not put the thought into my mind. I think my own thoughts. You must have mentioned it to me earlier and it did not register until now. We will discuss this later with your mother, but I feel you are too young for such a voyage.”
Two pancakes flew off the platter and landed on Prince Blackwell’s plate. Prince Blackwell clutched the table with white knuckles. He turned to face his wife. “Sorcery tricks at breakfast?” He attempted a smile.
Serafina shook her head. “It was not my doing. And I do not think it a sorcery trick.”
“Who then?”
“I am the culprit.” Esme tried for an innocent expression as she spoke to her father. “I saw you were out of pancakes and thought I would replenish your plate.”
Prince Blackwell released his hold on the table and sat back in his chair with a disapproving expression. “I commend you on your grasp of the sorcery arts, Esme, but I feel such parlor tricks are a distraction when we are engaged in a serious discussion.”
All those at the table were treated to a second helping as pancakes flew through the air onto their plates. “It is not a parlor trick, Father. It is a thing as natural to me as giving orders is to you. Perhaps it is a gift I have that might prove useful.” 
Prince Blackwell pushed his chair away from the table and stood up. “Esme, I will speak to you upstairs in my office. Now!”
Esme’s bottom lip quivered and she thought for a moment she might not be able to hold back her tears. Then she thought of her wolf, lying wounded in the kitchen, and how her father had refused to believe that she might be able to communicate with him. Her resolve returned and she followed him up the stairs with her chin set squarely ahead.

Esme sat down in the chair placed in front of her father’s desk.
“Now what is this nonsense all about?” Prince Blackwell demanded.
“I am able to call things to me or to direct things in any direction I choose. It is a gift. It is not sorcery. And it was Shalin who put the thought in your mind about going to Sandovia. I have the ability to do that as well.”
Prince Blackwell sighed. “All right. I will allow that you have some uncommon abilities. But surely you are aware that such abilities could engender fear or opportunistic schemes in those who witness them. Did you see the shocked expressions on the faces of those in the acting troupe? And these are your friends – indeed, these are people who delight in the pretense of magic.”
“Uncle Phinn knows about our powers – mine and Shalin’s. It does not bother him. Electra and Dagon know. Aunt Del and Uncle Geoffrey know. You are the only one who finds our powers a curse rather than a gift.” Esme’s lip began to quiver again and she bit down to keep it still.
Prince Blackwell ran his fingers over his forehead and on back through his dark hair. He opened his mouth twice and closed it before finally speaking. “I want you to find a proper husband when the time comes. Someone of royal blood. The ruler of a kingdom. If word gets out that you have abnormal powers…” He shook his head. “I care for you and your sister very much. I only want what is best for you.”
“Must we be married?” Esme asked. “Neither Shalin nor I want to be.”
Prince Blackwell looked at his daughter. For a moment Esme thought her father might be on the verge of tears.
“We will speak of that again in five or six years. In the meantime let us have an understanding. I will recognize and accept your powers as gifts. But you will not display them without good reason. No more flying pancakes at the breakfast table. Do we have an agreement?”
Esme smiled. “Yes, we do. Thank you Father.” She stood and walked around his desk to give him a hug, which he returned with a shuddering sigh.

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Henge

Mid-morning, Phinn the Ambassador came into the kitchen looking for Shalin. She and Esme were in a corner huddled together beside Esme’s wolf, whispering.
Shalin looked up. “Hi, Uncle Phinn.”
“How’s the wolf doing?” Phinn asked.
“He is the same.” Esme ran her hand over her wolf’s fur.
“Umm.” Phinn shuffled his feet a little, not knowing what to say. ‘The same,’ was neither good nor bad. He was not one to offer unrealistic optimism. He decided to move on to the matter he had come to discuss. “Were you serious, Shalin, about wanting to join the acting troupe on our return to Sandovia?”
A flicker of excitement sparked in Shalin’s eyes. “Yes, I was. I would very much like to go if it were allowed.”
Phinn nodded. “I can’t speak for your father, but we are beginning rehearsals now at the theater for the new show we will be performing in Sandovia. If you want, you can join us and we will write in a part for you. Then you will be ready if your father decides to allow it.”
Shalin stared at her sister. Phinn was sure some sort of unspoken agreement passed between them. Shalin hugged the wolf and stood up. “Shall I bring my flute?”
“Yes, by all means. We can use another flute. I will meet you at the theater.” Phinn gave a final glance at Esme and her wolf. “I hope your wolf gets better soon.” He turned and walked back out the door to the dining room.

Flute in hand, Shalin arrived at the theater an hour later. Phinn was on stage, directing the placement of various mirrors. Angie laughed as she mixed soap into a wash tub of water while her husband Tom fashioned a large circle out of thin wire.
“Ah, there you are – just in time.” Phinn turned a mirror an inch or so and made a mark on the floor as Shalin drew near to the stage. “Stay down there in the first row while we make our soap bubbles. As soon as we have our dancing fairy in the right place, you can play music to accompany her dance.”
Trixie stood off in the wings, dressed as a fairy. Bear and Smiles placed two mirrors at various angles until Trixie’s image was reflected exactly onto a final mirror behind a small table.
Tom dredged his wire circle through Angie’s bucket mixture and together Phinn and Tom blew out a large bubble that hovered just above the table. Trixie began to dance and her mirrored fairy image appeared to be dancing in the bubble.
Shalin played a lively jig, and Trixie responded with a spirited performance.
“Don’t that beat all?” Tom slapped his thigh with his hand. “How do you come up with this stuff, Take – I mean Phinn.” Tom shook his old friend’s hand to congratulate him on the success of his trick.
“Can we have more than one bubble?” Juanita asked. She appeared to be anxious to dance in a bubble herself.
“I don’t know. I don’t have the script worked out yet. So far I’m thinking we have a lonely sorcerer who is conjuring up some company. Maybe one of his illusions comes to life, or something along those lines. What do you think?”

Shalin was beginning to have some ideas of her own. It would be so easy for her to animate inanimate objects. But she knew that would be the best way to ensure her father’s disapproval. He did not want word of her unique abilities spreading. She tried to think of some magic tricks that could be done without using her unusual powers.
“I have one more illusion.” Phinn waved his hands to assemble the actors on stage. “I’m not sure how we will use it yet.” He pulled a red scarf from a bag. It had two stuffed gloves sewn on to the ends of the rectangular scarf. Holding it up with the tips of his fingers behind the stuffed gloves, he hooked the gloves onto a thin black wire, which was now covered by the scarf. Freeing his hands, the two gloves sewn on the corners still appeared to be his own hands holding the scarf. He held up two puppets at the top of the scarf and the puppets seemed to be moving of their own accord since Phinn’s two hands still looked to be occupied with holding up the ends of the scarf.
Bear, always the most skeptical of the actors, was quick to give his opinion. “I don’t think that’ll fool anybody.”
“Fooled me.” Smiles stepped forward from behind the black curtain.
Phinn nodded. “With the right set up, we might be able to use it.”
“What about an old woman comes to the door where the sorcerer lives and he changes her into a beautiful princess?” Tom suggested.
“What about an old sorceress comes to the door and she changes the sorcerer into a handsome prince?” Juanita smiled.
Phinn held up his hand. “Wait. That’s a good idea – I mean a sorcerer and a sorceress. Dueling sorcery. This could be great!”
“Really?” Juanita looked surprised. “I was trying to be funny.”
Shalin smiled from her seat, so excited to be part of this acting troupe. “And they could both have magic wands,” she called out enthusiastically.
Everyone looked at Shalin and she suddenly felt shy and uneasy about her outburst.
Phinn laughed and gestured her up onto the stage. “Wands. Absolutely. They must both have ornate wands, the bigger the better.”
Soon they were all laughing as the suggestions for the sorcery war became more and more outrageous. Assignments were made and the outline of a play took shape. Shalin, who had been making doll clothes under her Aunt Delphinia’s watchful eye since she was three years old, was assigned the sewing of a large rabbit costume, one to be worn by big Smiles, as the sorceress turned a small live rabbit into a giant bunny.

Shalin stopped at the kitchen on her way to her room to begin making her costume. She wanted to see how her sister’s wolf was doing.
Esme looked up with a desperate expression. “He is not getting better. I have decided to take him to Helsop to see what Electra can do for him.” 
Shalin tried to hide her disappointment over having to leave Henge and the acting troupe.
Esme was not fooled. “You do not want to go, do you?” 
“Of course I will go. I love the wolf, too.”
“Mama will go with me. She always wants to visit Electra. You do not need to go.”
“I will go. I will find Mama to see how soon we can leave.” Shalin rushed out the door before Esme could find further arguments against Shalin’s accompanying her to Helsop.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin found her mother in the bedroom, already packing a bag. “Are you packing to go to Helsop?” she asked.
Serafina glanced at her daughter. “No, why would you think that? I am packing to go to Manoa. I need to check on our fertilizer enterprise and determine how close King Gundar is to finding out the source of our exploding powder.” Serafina paused and seemed to study Shalin’s worried expression.
“You may come with me if you would like; I am sure Esme will not want to go. She is too concerned with the fate of her wolf.”
Shalin did not meet her mother’s eyes. She was not worried about her mother’s leaving. She was worried about what Esme might get up to while her mother was gone. “Esme wants to take her wolf to Helsop. She thinks Electra might be able to save him.” 
“Esme must come to terms with reality. Her wolf is old and the infection serious. I will not be able to accompany her and I doubt your father will consider traveling to Helsop at this time.”
“I told her I would go with her.” Shalin saw her mother’s disapproving look and read her mind before she had a chance to speak. “It would not be just the two of us. Surely Father could appoint a soldier to accompany us.” 
Serafina let out a slow breath. “You may ask your father, but I doubt he will sanction such a trip. I do not think Electra could do anything more than we have already done to save the wolf.”
“I will ask Father.” Shalin thought her father might agree to allow them to go, but when she left the room she found herself heading instead in the direction of the theater. Perhaps I could put a suggestion into Uncle Phinn’s mind. It is worth a try.

Phinn was still at the theater. He and Lars the Trader were constructing a harness for Smiles. The harness would anchor the black wires attached to the actors who would fly through the air as fairies and woodland creatures.
Lars stopped work.  “Ah, our fair flautist.” he grinned at Shalin.
Shalin did not have to try hard to put a worried expression on her face.
Phinn’s eyes followed Lars’ line of sight. “Shalin, you are back.” He noticed her expression. “Is something wrong?”
“Esme wants to take her wolf to Helsop where Electra can care for him. I promised her I would go with her, but I feel sad leaving just now when you have included me in your acting troupe.” She tried to look even more miserable as she slipped a thought into her uncle’s mind.
“Perhaps we could all go to Helsop.” Phinn scratched his head in a thoughtful manner and stopped to consider this idea that had suddenly popped into his head. “Dagon has been asking us for years now to come to Helsop to put on a play. I suppose there would be room for all of us now that they have added rooms onto their castle. We could try our performance out there before we take it on to Sandovia.”
“Could you really?” Shalin asked, feigning extreme happiness to cover her guilt at tricking her uncle.
Phinn shrugged. “Let me ask the others in the acting troupe what they think. I will tell you at lunch.”

Shalin wondered if she should wait around to put suggestions into the minds of the other actors to ensure a favorable decision but decided she did not want that on her conscience. It was enough to put the wheels in motion. She would wait and see what happened at lunch. She could always try to put a thought into her father’s mind about sending a soldier with them if all else failed.
Shalin found Esme in the exact same place she had left her in the kitchen. Esme refused to leave her wolf’s side unless Ebony was there to take over her vigil.
“What did Mama say?” Esme asked.
“She cannot go to Helsop. She is packing to go to Manoa. She believes King Gundar might be close to finding out the fertilizer we import from White Cliffs Island is the raw material used to make our exploding arrows.”
Esme considered this new turn of events. “This could mean war with Sandovia.” 
Shalin had been so set on getting her sister and herself to Helsop that she had not really considered the repercussions of her mother’s trip. “I suppose it could. Perhaps we should not go to Helsop just yet.”
“I told you, you do not need to go,” Esme had an edge to her voice. “I am perfectly able to go on my own.” 
“I believe Uncle Phinn intends to go with us.” Shalin ignored her sister’s remark. “He will tell us for sure at lunch.”
“Why would Uncle Phinn want to go with us?” Her words sounded weighed down with suspicion.
“He wants to try his new play out in Helsop before he performs it in Sandovia. The whole acting troupe is going.”
“In truth!” Esme appeared astonished by this turn of events.
A cloud of suspicion reached out from Esme to touch Shalin’s mind. Shalin flapped her hands, dismissively. “I might have put a little suggestion in his mind. But when he thought about it, he decided it was a good idea. Anyway, we will find out for sure at lunch.”
Serafina came through the swinging doors with Ebony the Panther. “Esme, I have brought Ebony to stay with your wolf while you have lunch.”  Turning to Shalin, she asked, “Did you speak to your father about going to Helsop?” 
Shalin shook her head. “No. It turns out Uncle Phinn wants to take his acting troupe to Helsop to try out his new play so I thought we could just go along with him when he goes.”
“When is he going?” Serafina asked.
Shalin shrugged. “He did not say. We could ask him at lunch.”

As soon as they were seated for lunch Shalin spoke up. “Uncle Phinn, did you decide when you might be going to Helsop? If you are going, that is.”
Phinn turned to Shalin with a smile. “I believe we are all in agreement. We will leave tomorrow if that is acceptable.”
“What is this?” Old King Blackwell asked. “Why are you going to Helsop?”
“You see, Esme’s wolf—” Phinn began.
Shalin interrupted. “We are going to try out the play there so it will be perfect when we finally perform it in Sandovia.”
Everyone looked at Shalin.
“What do you mean ‘we?’” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Uncle Phinn has invited me to practice with the acting troupe in case you decide to allow me to go along to Sandovia.”
Prince Blackwell frowned at Shalin. “Does your Uncle Phinn realize that your joining them in Sandovia is extremely doubtful?”  He glanced at Phinn with a cluck of disapproval.
Shalin put on an innocent expression. “Since Mother invited me to go along with her to Manoa, it does not seem an impossibility that I might be allowed to go to Sandovia with Uncle Phinn.”
As Shalin hoped, all eyes shifted to Serafina.
“You are going to Manoa?” Prince Blackwell asked in a loud voice. “Why am I always the last one to know what is going on in my own kingdom?  If you are going to Manoa I am most certainly going with you.”

Chapter 7

Village of Helsop

Soon after Serafina and Prince Blackwell left by ship for Manoa, Esme and Shalin, along with the acting troupe, set off overland for Helsop. Their journey to the high plateau took a little more than a day. After a cool night spent in tents, they welcomed the warmth of mid-day.
At the last rise, Helsop’s luminous glacier came into view. Phinn called a halt to the procession of actors, guards and animals. Several horse-drawn carts accompanied them, one of which carried Ebony the Panther and Esme’s wolf.
Phinn gathered the acting troupe around him. “I thought for publicity’s sake we might parade into Helsop in costumes with musical accompaniment. It would let the villagers know we are here as performers. What do you think?”
Tom was the first to speak. “I think that’s a fine idea. Might as well go in big.”
Bear shrugged. “Might set the militia on edge a bit if they don’t recognize us. I’d hate to get shot with an arrow while wearing an elf costume.”
“Ah, Bear.” Smiles gave him a good-humored slap on the shoulder, then caught him by the collar as his small friend lost his balance. “They aren’t gonna shoot at a body comes in singin’ and dancin’.”
“I want a fairy costume.” Trixie ran to the cart that held the costumes. “Everybody loves fairies.”
“Me, too.” Peaches joined her at the cart.
Phinn looked at Shalin and Esme. “What about you two? Do you think it would be fun?”
Esme shrugged. “I just want Electra to save my wolf. I do not care how we enter the village. Anyway, I am not part of the acting troupe.”
Phinn extended an invitation. “You can be if you want to.” 
“Perhaps after my wolf is better.”
“What about you, Shalin?” Phinn asked.
Shalin thought for a minute. “I could be an astrologer – because of my ring, I mean.” She pulled out the ancient astrologer’s ring Electra had given her when she was four years old. She always wore it on a string around her neck.
“Good. We have a robe with moons and stars on it.” Phinn turned to those who had not yet voiced an opinion. “All right, everyone go through the props cart and pull out a costume and an instrument to play. This will be our grand entrance into Helsop and might guarantee us good lodgings while we are here.”
Since everyone else was dressing up, Esme pulled out a magician’s cloak and threw it over her shoulders. Angie handed her a tambourine to shake. She took it and whispered in Shalin’s ear, “I feel ridiculous.”
Shalin smiled. “Phinn is very clever about these things. They will likely love us for doing this, just as he says.”
As they came down the last hill into the village of Helsop, playing flutes, drums and fiddles, the villagers gathered along the road to cheer the acting troupe. The actors passed by Yeshua’s bower next to the clinic and slowed at the school of medicine when the students came outside to welcome them. Many of the students joined them as they danced on across the castle drawbridge. 
Electra, the twins’ cousin, appeared at the castle entrance with her two sons, seven-year-old Gregor and four-year-old Soren. The twins had stayed in Electra’s care many times over the years and considered her to be more of an older sister than a cousin. Electra’s husband, Dagon, and a group of militia men rode in from the barracks to join the crowd of parade watchers.
“Phinn, is that you?” Electra called out.
Phinn took off his ghoul’s head dress and waved to Electra.
Dagon swung out of his saddle and rushed over to shake Phinn’s hand. “After all these years, you have finally come to put on a show in Helsop?”
“We have, and we will, with your permission.” Phinn made a short bow.
“Welcome, welcome.” Electra rushed up with her sons in hand. She hugged Phinn and asked Gregor and Soren if they remembered him.
Gregor nodded and looked around, searching the costumed crowd. “Is Drake here?” he asked.
“I believe he is.” Phinn laughed. “See that spotted dog there? I think if you can convince him to remove his head, you will find your friend Drake underneath.”
Gregor let go of Electra’s hand and ran over to the spotted dog. Soren pulled his hand free and followed close behind his brother.
“I believe I recognize your astrologer and wizard.” Electra giggled happily. “Could they be my almost-grown-up sisters, Shalin and Esme?”
Electra worked her way through the crowd, shaking hands and hugging many of the actors before she reached the twins. “I am so happy to see you. Do not tell me you have both joined the acting troupe?”
Electra’s joyful expression faded when she saw Esme’s face shaded by the hood of her cloak.
As Esme brushed away a tear, she pointed to the cart beside her. “My wolf may be dying. Someone killed his brother and shot this one in the foot. Now the wound is infected and he is listless.” She stopped as her voice broke. 
Electra put her arms around Esme. “Let us have a look,” she said gently.
 They approached the cart and Ebony the Panther, acting as guardian, growled a warning until she picked up Electra’s scent. Then she went silent and allowed Electra to examine the wolf beside her.
“Yes, I see he is in a bad way.” Electra pulled up his eyelid to check the pupil. “How long ago was he wounded?”
Esme shook her head. “We do not know. I believe he came all the way from Fernland. He showed me a picture in my mind of his brother, shot through the heart with an arrow. There were ferns and trees around him. He arrived at the castle a week ago.”
Electra gave Esme a reassuring hug. “Bring him into the castle. We will make him comfortable there and see what can be done.”

They pulled the cart to the iron-banded wooden door of the castle.
“Let us put them both in the kitchen.” Electra included Ebony in her instructions.
After the animals were settled, Electra made tea for the twins, Drake and her two sons.
“I see you have treated the infection in his foot. But he seems quite listless. What other pictures has he shown you in your mind?”
Esme pushed her tea aside and looked down at her wolf. “He always shows the one of his dead brother. When he dreams, he dreams of running away with the others in his pack. Every year my wolves visit in the spring to show me the new pups. I am sure they were on their way from Fernland to Henge when they were attacked.”
Electra nodded and checked the color of the wolf’s tongue.
“I believe your wolf is lonely and sorrows after the death of his brother.” Electra thought for a moment and her face brightened. “But I have an idea.”
Esme threw her arms around Electra. “I knew you would.”

Chapter 8

Village of Helsop

The visiting twins sat next to Electra at the kitchen table in Helsop’s castle. The castle was not as large or fine as either Fernland’s castle, where Electra’s parents lived with her brother, Prince Avor; nor as grand as Henge’s castle where the twins lived. But rooms had been added on to accommodate Electra and Dagon’s growing family. The wooden table could accommodate up to 20 people. Electra’s two sons, Gregor and Soren, and Phinn’s son, Drake, finished their tea quickly and were excused to roam the village.
“What is your idea for my wolf?” Esme asked.
Electra smiled. “Our nephew, Little Dagon, or Dag, as he is called now, has a dog who has recently given birth to six pups. His dog is a shepherd mix, quite a lovely animal. She is protective of her pups but gentle and trusting by nature. I think she might allow us to borrow her pups for a time.”
“What has she to do with saving my wolf?” Esme asked, confused.
“Your wolf needs a reason to live. He loves you and Shalin, of course. But he must miss his brother and his pack terribly. I thought we might try an experiment.”
Esme nodded, still unsure how another dog’s pups would help.
Electra beckoned to the twins with a wave of her hand. “Come upstairs with me. I have a folding screen there we can use for what I have in mind.”

They brought the large screen downstairs and set it up in front of the blanket where Ebony and the wolf slept. Electra pulled a large basket of turnips from the pantry and emptied its contents into a bucket. She placed the empty basket in front of the screen, out of Ebony’s and the wolf’s sight. “Now let us go and convince Dag that your wolf can be trusted not to hurt his dog’s new puppies.”
Electra, Esme and Shalin walked to the cottage of Electra’s nephew. Esme knocked on the door and her old friend Dag opened it. 
Dag’s face broke into a grin. He had been friends with Shalin and Esme since they were infants. He had just turned thirteen a week ago.
“Welcome back to Helsop,” he said. “Did you come in with the acting troupe?” 
Esme nodded. “We brought my wounded wolf to Electra.”
Electra gently placed her hand on Esme’s shoulder. Esme immediately picked up Electra’s thoughts.  Please allow me ask him in a way that will not cause concern.
Esme was quick to acknowledge Electra’s unspoken request and moved aside.
Stepping in front of Esme, Electra smiled at her nephew. “I told the twins about your dog, um, what is her name?”
“Fang,” Dag said, with a hint of pride.
 “Yes, Fang, of course. I told the girls she recently gave birth to puppies. Do you think we could see them?”
“I suppose. Fang doesn’t like anyone to get too close. The pups haven’t opened their eyes yet.” He stood for a moment before pointing at the back door. “They are out in the shed where we keep the twine for the bows and arrows.”
Dag led them out to the shed and peered into the shadowy interior. The door was open. Fang was not there. Tiptoeing into the shed, they looked down at the heap of small fat bodies snuggled together for warmth.
“They are adorable,” Electra said. “Do you know what breed of dog fathered them?”
Dag grinned. “The father’s identity is still in doubt.”
Electra reached down to touch one and heard a growl behind her. They all stepped away as Fang took possession of her pups.
“I was wondering if we might borrow Fang and her pups for a bit.” Electra spoke in a benign voice. “It is for a very good cause.”
Dag’s white teeth flashed in the shadows as he smiled. “I suppose it is Fang you would have to convince in that case.”

An hour later, after bribes with bits of venison steaks, Fang allowed her pups to be moved to the large basket on the far side of the screen that separated them from the wolf and Ebony. Fang paced around in front of the basket, sniffing the air and ruffling the hair on the back of her neck. Electra stayed with Fang, offering more venison to calm the wary mother.
On the other side of the screen, Esme, Shalin, and Dag watched the panther and the wolf for any signs of hostility.
Ebony the Panther was the first to react. She stared at the screen, her ears positioned to catch muffled puppy sounds.
“What is happening over there?” Electra asked, rubbing Fang’s shoulders in an effort to sooth her.
“Ebony is listening. I am going to put a picture in her mind of sleeping pups to try to pacify her. So far my wolf is not reacting.” Just then Esme caught a movement beside her. Lifting his head, her wolf sniffed the air, his open eyes focused on the screen and whatever lay behind it.
“He can smell them.” Esme’s voice was tinged with excitement. “He is trying to stand up.”
“Try to keep him lying down. It is enough for now that he knows they are here. Put a picture in his mind of the sleeping pups and order him to stay where he is,” Electra said.
Esme tried to do as Electra asked, but her wolf continued to try to stand. She lay down beside him and hugged him, murmuring in his ear. “It is all right. They are here to stay. You can see them soon. You do not want to frighten their mother.”
Soon all the animals settled down, less troubled by their new neighbors, although their corner of the kitchen continued to crackle with awareness on both sides of the screen.
When Fang finally lay down beside the basket, Electra came around the screen to check on the wolf.
“It seems we no longer have a listless wolf,” she noted.
The wolf eyed Electra with keen curiosity, sniffing her clothes thoroughly. He knew Electra and seemed now to be aware of where he was.
“What are his feelings towards these new pups?” Electra asked Esme. “Can you read any pictures in his mind?”
Esme put her hand on her wolf’s head to strengthen the connection. “I believe he is just curious about them. I sense neither goodwill nor animosity towards them. I know he wants very much to see what lies on the other side of the screen.”
Electra nodded. “That is good. Curiosity is enough for now.  We will continue to block access from both sides of the screen. Fang will want to move her pups back to the shed as soon as they are fed.”
A few minutes later, Fang stepped into the basket to nurse her pups. She bathed each one with her tongue before jumping out to sniff the corners of the screen. She returned to the basket and lifted one of her pups out, holding it firmly in her jaws.
Dag picked up the basket with the remainder of the pups. “I believe Fang has decided therapy is done for the day. It’s time to move them back to the shed.”
“Will you bring them again tomorrow?” Electra asked.
Dag shrugged. “We’ll see.”


Chapter 9

Village of Helsop

The majority of Phinn’s acting troupe were given cots and assigned sleeping quarters in the large attic space above the castle keep.  Phinn, Juanita and Drake took up residence in Dagon’s old one-room cottage.  By Helsop standards, all were well cared for.
Phinn found himself alone in his cottage as a ray of sun crossed his face and woke him. He dressed quickly and decided to stop first at the castle kitchen in hopes of finding a meal.
“Take, come in.” Electra shook her head as he stepped into the kitchen. “Sorry, I mean Ambassador Phinn. I must remember you are no longer called Take the Thief. Did you sleep well?”
Phinn smiled at Electra.  “I evidently slept both long and well. I awoke to find Juanita and Drake already gone.”
“There is some bread and cheese on the board if you are hungry. We are running a wolf rehabilitation program here.”
She pointed to a partition where a basket full of puppies jostled one another and made little snuffling sounds. In a crack between the folding screen and several piled-up barrels, the long nose of a wolf poked through.
“Esme’s wolf?” he asked.
Electra nodded. “He is up and sniffing – quite an improvement from yesterday.”
Phinn smiled. “Esme must be pleased.”
Esme stood up and peered over the barrels. She smiled back at Phinn. “Thank you so much for bringing us here, Uncle Phinn; my wolf is already much better.”
“Glad to hear it. I’m on my way to find Dagon. We need to find a place to rehearse.” Phinn grabbed a hunk of bread and a piece of cheese from the board before looking back at the puppies and Esme. “If you decide your wolf is well enough to be left on his own, come and rehearse with us. We will find a part for you.”
Esme laughed. “I am not an actress, but thank you for the offer.”
Electra walked with Phinn to the door. “Try militia headquarters. Dagon is usually there.” 

Phinn stuck his head through the partially open door at militia headquarters. “Anyone home?”
“Phinn, come in.” Dagon waved a hand toward the empty chair. “Have a seat.”
Phinn took the single visitor chair in front of Dagon’s desk.
Tilting back precariously in the chair, he said, “We are still in the middle of rehearsals. We came early because Esme was worried her wolf would die. Seems it was a good call – your wife says she is rehabilitating the wolf with puppy therapy.”
Dagon gave a single emphatic nod. “I heard all about it last night. So, how are things in Henge?”
Phinn wondered if Dagon knew that the actor ambassadors were also tasked with espionage duties. He likely did – it seemed there were no real secrets anymore between Henge, Helsop and Fernland. Too many family ties. “Things are interesting as always. Prince Blackwell and Serafina are on their way to Manoa and have left my father in charge.”
Dagon closed his eyes and put his hand on his forehead. “May the fates preserve us.” He spoke only half in jest.
“I know,” Phinn agreed. “If there is a chance to go to war with anyone while my brother is gone, my father will surely find it.”
Dagon laughed. “Luckily, everything seems quiet of late. No border disputes that I am aware of.”
“No, none that we in Henge are aware of either. Have you any news of Fernland?” Phinn asked.
“Only that their new ship, the King Geoffrey, carries in a good deal of revenue from trade goods brought in from China. And of course, that Queen Delphinia wants Electra and our sons to visit more often.”
Phinn smiled. “Does she include you in her invitations?”
Dagon returned his smile. “When she remembers.”
Phinn rocked forward in his chair. “I’m not sure where all my actors have got off to, but I plan to gather them up and find a place where we might continue rehearsals.”
Dagon thought for a moment. “The School of Medicine is quite full right now. There is the militia mess tent, but you would have to work around the meal schedule. The best place would likely be the castle grounds. You could use the surrounding walls to good advantage.” Dagon stood up. “Let’s walk over there together and see if it might suffice both for rehearsals and for your performance. We could always rig up a canvas cover attached to the walls in case of rain.”
Phinn and Dagon stopped in at the School of Medicine and found several actors there, having tea and exclaiming over the feats of the school’s mascot, Coco the Parrot.
Juanita and Esmeralda sat with old friends—former students who had now moved on to serve as instructors.
“Listen to this.” Juanita pulled Phinn close to the table. “Tell us a riddle, Coco.”
“Say my name and I disappear,” Coco squawked.
“I give up, what is your name?” Juanita asked, giggling.
“Silence,” Coco screeched loudly. The bird followed his riddle with an imitation of a rooster.
The students beamed with pride at their mascot.
“Can we borrow Coco for our play?” Phinn asked.
Isa, the school’s head teacher, looked at Coco and shrugged. “I’m sure Electra would allow it, but sometimes Coco goes quiet when he is in new surroundings.”
Phinn nodded. “We are on our way to set up a temporary stage on the castle grounds. I hope to start rehearsals today.”
Esmeralda stood up. “Peaches and Angie are still in the castle attic working on costumes. I will leave now to tell them.”
“Good,” Phinn said.  “We will need all hands.”

Phinn and Dagon continued on to the castle grounds. They settled on a corner area where an overhang could be fastened on two sides. They could construct a triangular stage and the audience could spread out on blankets or benches in front of the stage.
“Will you charge admission?” Dagon asked.
Phinn seems surprised by the idea. “No, I think not. We will call it a dress rehearsal and make the performance free since we plan to perform it soon again in Sandovia.”
“Sandovia, is it?” Dagon nodded slowly. “Did you not just return from a performance in Sandovia?”
“Yes, I suppose we did.” Phinn refused to be drawn into an explanation for their proposed quick return to Sandovia at old King Blackwell’s request.
Dagon waited a moment, but Phinn continued to silently study the wall where the canopy might be erected.
Dagon broke the silence. “We will need a larger area to hold the audience.”
“Why is that?” Phinn asked.
Dagon laughed. “If it is free, everyone in Helsop will come.”

Chapter 10

Manoa

After a fortnight at sea between Henge and Manoa, Prince Blackwell and Princess Serafina disembarked from the Pride of Manoa. No one was there to meet them as no one had been advised of their visit. The ship’s Captain had asked if they would like him to send a messenger up to Manoa’s monarch, King Shabas, but they declined, saying they were here to visit their friends on White Cliffs Island. They told the Captain they would pay a courtesy visit to the castle later if time allowed.
Blackwell and Serafina took in the floral scents of Manoa’s balmy breezes and the colorful kiosks of the marketplace as they strolled along the harbor.
“Shall we take a room at the Inn?” Serafina asked.
Prince Blackwell nodded. “Perhaps it would be best if I appeared to be on vacation here. I might rent a boat for fishing. I do not want people to see me showing undue interest in our fertilizer enterprise. That would only arouse suspicion about its value to Henge.” 
As they stood on the dock, deciding on a strategy, a loud horn sounded. The King Gundar sailed slowly into Manoa’s harbor. 
As the King Gundar moved forward in the harbor, the captain of the Pride of Manoa gave orders to throw off the lines securing his ship to the dock. The Manoan ship was pulled forward to allow the new ship space to tie up at the dock.
Princess Serafina and Prince Blackwell stepped into a dockside tavern where they could watch the activity at the dock without being seen.
They watched as the Sandovian ship, the King Gundar, was secured and its gangplank lowered for offloading. Crates full of coal and other minerals rolled down the plank to be stored in a nearby warehouse. 
A few minutes later, Manoa’s royal carriage arrived from the castle to wait beside the dock. Princess Elka and a little girl stepped down from the carriage to welcome King Gundar to Manoa.
Inside the dimly lit tavern, a barrel-chested man with a sailing ship tattooed on his forearm, finished stacking boxes against the wall and greeted them.
“What’ll it be Mates?” he asked in an affable voice as he set two empty glasses on the bar top.
Prince Blackwell ordered two ales and escorted Serafina to a seat by the door where they could keep an eye on the King Gundar.
When the tavern keeper came with their ales, Prince Blackwell smiled at him. “Thank you. Does that big ship stop here often?” he asked.
“Every month, just like clockwork.” The tavern owner swished a few crumbs from the table they had chosen. “That’s King Gundar’s ship; you know his daughter’s the princess here. Brings in coal an’ he takes back fruit and produce. Likes to be visiting ‘is grandchildren, I guess. Usually his wife, Queen Hilde comes along, but I don’t see ‘er this time. Always at the rail, waving, she is.”
Prince Blackwell took of sip of his ale and tapped the glass. “A good brew, that. Manoa seems a nice place to visit. I hear the fishing is good.”
“Best in the world, I’d venture,” the tavern keeper declared. “You plan to go out?”
Blackwell nodded. “I thought I might try my luck,”
“Lots a’ boats for rent.” The tavern keeper excused himself as another man entered the bar.
“Fruit and produce?” Prince Blackwell lowered his voice as he spoke to Serafina. “I suppose that would sell well back in Sandovia. According to Phinn, Sandovia is a barren, rocky place. Not much arable soil.”
“Should we pay King Gundar a visit at the castle?” Serafina asked. “Perhaps we could find out how much he knows about our fertilizer usage.”
Prince Blackwell shook his head. “Better to avoid the subject. You might pay a visit to White Cliffs Island to check on our guano supply while I take myself fishing.”
They decided to take a room at the Inn and meet there later for dinner.

While Prince Blackwell bought a space on a fishing excursion, Serafina rented a sailboat down at the dock and set sail for White Cliffs Island.  She arrived at her destination an hour later to a surprising vista. The white guano that covered the cliffs and gave the island its name now presented a stippled landscape. Over the last ten years much of the guano had been removed to reveal the gray cliff faces beneath the bird droppings.
It had been several years since Serafina had visited the blind girl responsible for Henge’s ongoing supply of the guano needed to make the exploding white powder. But when she landed on the beach near the manor house where Rose lived with her husband Tristan and her son Santos, the guards at the beach remembered her and welcomed her to the island.
“Have you come to visit Miss Rose?” one asked.
“I have. And it has been a few years since I have seen young Santos. He must be quite the lad now.”
“Aye, he is that. Has a younger sister now, too. Little Miss Violet.”
“I fear I have been gone too long. I must see this Violet without delay.” Serafina smiled at the guards.
One of the guards walked with her up to the manor house where Rose sat on the veranda with Santos and Violet playing a game nearby. The sprawling wooden house was wreathed in flowering vines and plants—a testament to Rose’s green thumb.
“I have a surprise for you,” the guard said to his blind employer. “Here is Princess Serafina come to visit.”
Rose stood and clasped her hands to her heart. “Serafina, I thought you had forgotten us. Please come up and meet my daughter, Violet.”
Violet looked to be about four years old, pretty and blonde like her mother. 
Rose stared ahead, unseeing, and reached out for her daughter’s hand.  “Violet, remember when I told you the story of how your father and I met? The boat I was on overturned just offshore and your father came running out to rescue us.”
Violet nodded and spoke in a soft, sweet voice.  “Yes, I remember, Mommy.”
“This woman’s aunt, who was also named Serafina, was with me on that boat.  If she had not taken me out fishing that day, I would never have met your father.”
“Did your aunt come today, too?” Violet asked Serafina.
“No, my aunt has died,” Serafina said. Of course there never had been an aunt.  The old woman had been Serafina herself, in disguise, with an old woman’s voice, trying to find a good source of fertilizer that could be used to make exploding arrows, and her ruse had worked perfectly.
“I’m sorry,” Violet said.
Serafina smiled at the small girl.  “Yes, I am as well.  She would have loved meeting you, Violet.”  
When Rose held out her hands, Serafina pulled her into a hug. “Violet is the very image of you, Rose. And Santos has grown so tall in my absence. It is lovely to be back with you in Manoa.”
Serafina held Rose’s hand as she watched Santos at work on a wooden puzzle. He looked up and smiled at her. “Your son looks so much like his father.”
Rose turned toward the door leading from the veranda to the inside rooms. “Tristan is at work in his study. He will be so happy to see you.” She pulled Serafina along as she felt her way back into the house.
Tristan stood at his desk as they entered the library he used as his workplace. Piles of hand-written notes and leather bound manuscripts littered the cozy room. “Princess Serafina. It has been many years, and yet you are unchanged.”
“As are you both. But not so, your son Santos. He is almost a young man now. And Violet – such a lovely girl.”
“Please, sit down. I am working on a new book. I trust you received copies of my previous ones?”
“They are treasured reminders of White Cliffs’ beauty and bounty.”
“And your daughters? They must be – what? Eleven years old or thereabouts?”
“Your memory serves you well.”
“I hope you will continue to visit us even when our fertilizer runs out.” Tristan’s face took on a sad expression. “I suppose you noticed the bare patches on the cliffs?”
“What is this?” Rose asked anxiously. “The fertilizer is becoming scarce? I did not know.”
Tristan put his hand on his wife’s shoulder. “I fear it is so. We have had many demands on our resources of late. You may have heard King Gundar has bought up large tracts of land in Manoa?”
Serafina shook her head. “No, I had not.” 
“Yes, he hires men to farm his orchards and ships the fruit back to Sandovia on his return trips. We can hardly refuse to sell him the fertilizer he requests since his daughter is now Manoa’s princess as well as being a good friend to Rose. The Queen Shana Memorial boat races from Manoa to White Cliffs have continued to be an annual event. Even our children have become friends.”
“How lovely for both your families.” Serafina feigned delight at the news.
Rose looked concerned. “I did not know about the fertilizer. I hope this will not become a hardship for your homeland,” she murmured, reaching out for Serafina’s hand.
“Of course not. Your generosity has been a blessing to us in Henge. We will always remain friends.” Serafina turned to pick up the book at her elbow. “Here is a book that is new to me.”
Tristan smiled proudly, touching the book in Serafina’s hand.  “This is my latest endeavor. You must take a copy. In this one, I go into some detail on the migratory routes of Manoa’s birds.”
This time Serafina’s smile was not feigned. “This subject is one that interests me greatly. I have often dreamed of following such migrating birds to view their nesting grounds.”

Chapter 11

Manoa

When Prince Blackwell returned to the Inn, he found Serafina engrossed in the book Tristan had given her.
“I caught a bass,” he said.
“Did you?” Serafina murmured without looking up.
“Rollo offered to cook it up for dinner if we have no other plans.”
Serafina continued to read.
“Have we? Other plans? Are we invited to the castle or to White Cliffs Island?”
Serafina looked up. “I believe White Cliffs Island would be a waste of time, though we were invited there.”
Blackwell threw his jacket over the bed post. “Surely a dinner might be an investment of goodwill.”
“The fertilizer is almost gone. It would have happened in any case, but it seems King Gundar has sped things along by buying up mediocre land and enriching it with White Cliffs fertilizer. He has managed to build up his monetary reserves by bringing in coal and shipping out fruit and other produce. The man does seem to have a knack for making money.”
Blackwell turned a grim face to his wife. “Fortunate for him as I believe the price of exploding powder just doubled.”
Serafina smiled. “I assumed that would be the case. However, we may not have much longer to profit since our source is now close to depletion.” She held up the book she had been reading. “This is Tristan’s latest book on the migration patterns of those birds which fly from Africa to nest in islands offshore, and in particular, to White Cliffs Island.”
“I seem to have lost interest in White Cliffs Island and its birds,” Prince Blackwell mumbled as he looked out the window to the castle where King Gundar was no doubt in residence.
“They leave their homes in the jungles of Africa during the rainy seasons and fly west to lay their eggs and feast on island fish and fruit,” Serafina continued.
Prince Blackwell seemed to be lost in his own thoughts.
“It is a long journey from interior Africa to here. I daresay there must be other island stops some make along the way.” Serafina paused and waited for her words to have the desired effect.
Prince Blackwell turned slowly toward her. “Other islands,” he repeated.
“Yes, perhaps smaller and unpopulated, but over thousands of years…” Her voice trailed off.
“Covered in guano,” Prince Blackwell finished.
Serafina smiled, a satisfied expression. “Exactly.”
“That could take a good deal of exploration,” Prince Blackwell said.
“Fortunately we have the Kingdom of Henge at our disposal.”
“Phinn’s ship.”
Serafina closed her book and laid it aside. “I believe King Shabas has a second son, Prince Manos, who is charged with ambassadorial missions much as Phinn is. Prince Manos may have some knowledge of the islands between here and Africa.” 
“What would you say to a courtesy visit to King Shabas’s castle?” Blackwell asked.
“I believe it would be rude of us not to make such a visit. Especially since he will soon learn of my visit to White Cliffs. It seems his grandchildren and Tristan’s children have made the two families close friends.”
“I see.” Prince Blackwell looked again out the window to the castle. “With these close ties to White Cliffs we are likely fortunate King Gundar has not already put two and two together to discover that the source of our white powder lies right beneath his nose in the form of White Cliffs’ guano deposits.”
Serafina sniffed. “He may be adept at making money, but putting two and two together is not his strong suit.” She flipped her hand out casually. “We might tell him ourselves and claim the reward.”
Prince Blackwell laughed. “That will not be necessary. I am quite adept myself at making money and would rather continue to hold close what secrets we have left.”

An hour later, Serafina and Prince Blackwell presented themselves at the gates to King Shabas’s castle and were quickly allowed to pass through. Their arrival was announced and Princess Elka, renowned for her blonde beauty, welcomed them with a great fuss, escorting them immediately to sit and enjoy the cool air on the veranda.
“Have you not brought the twins?” Elka asked. “I would so love for my children to make their acquaintance, even though mine are quite a bit younger.”
Prince Gallos joined them, holding his son and daughter by their hands. “This is Princess Dagmar and here,” he ruffled his son’s hair in a way that brought a smile to the boy’s face, “we have Prince Renaldo.  Children, meet Prince Blackwell and Princess Serafina.”
Renaldo bowed and Dagmar managed a shaky curtsy. Both children favored their mother with blue eyes and blonde locks.
Princess Elka took them from her husband saying, “I am afraid it is their bedtime.” She turned her attention to her guests as she hoisted a child onto each of her slim hips. “I will leave my husband to entertain you while I tuck them in. You must, of course, stay for supper. Gallos’ brother, Prince Manos, is here as well, and I will let King Shabas and my father know you have come. It will be so refreshing to have news from your part of the world. Please do not speak of anything important before I return.” Elka favored them with a dazzling smile as she left the room.

When everyone had gathered at the table, Princess Elka’s father, King Gundar, was the first to speak to the guests from Henge. “I am surprised you do not visit here more often; Manoa is blessed with such an inviting climate. And of course there is your fortunate enterprise with White Cliffs’ fertilizer, though you may find it much depleted when you deign to visit the island.” He said all this with a pronounced malicious delight, no doubt hoping he had been the first to give them the bad news.
Serafina sighed. “Regrettably, I have already seen the truth of what you say. I fear our crops will suffer for it and we may be forced to raise the price of the one commodity we still hold in abundance,” she said in a sad tone. “I speak of our exploding arrows, of course, on which your safety from pirates depends.”
King Gundar frowned and sliced into his meat with a vengeful stroke.
King Shabas’ second son, Prince Manos, who seemed blissfully unaware of the animosity between Princess Serafina and King Gundar, smiled up at his guests.
“I was sorry to learn I had missed last year’s visit by your ambassador Phinn’s acting troupe. They were quite the sensation here in Manoa. People have not ceased to speculate on how some of their illusions were created.”
“I understand you are yourself an ambassador to foreign countries,” Prince Blackwell stated.
“Yes, such as my limited talents allow.” Prince Manos lifted his hand in a deprecating manner.  “I try to promote our spice trade but have little to recommend me compared to your brother, Phinn.”
Serafina looked up with interest. “On the contrary, Phinn has asked if you might share some of your navigational knowledge with him. He is ever looking for new lands to visit, but the area between Manoa and Africa is largely unfamiliar to his crew. He would be grateful for any charts we might be allowed to copy and present to him.”
“A thing I would happily do if he might arrange his next visit to Manoa at a time when I am in residence.” Prince Manos beamed cheerfully at his guests.
“Done,” Prince Blackwell decreed.

Chapter 12

Village of Helsop

Esme and Electra sat together at the kitchen table waiting for Dag to arrive with Fang and her puppies. Esme’s wolf and Ebony the Panther waited as well, sprawled out under the table with their ears cocked in the direction of the kitchen door.
A few minutes later Dag could be heard rattling the door knob and struggling to open the door to the kitchen while holding the basket of squirming puppies. Fang stuck her nose in as the door opened. Esme jumped up to help them inside.
“Fang doesn’t seem to mind my bringing them so much anymore,” Dag told Esme as she held the door open for them. “This morning she was waiting for me by the door of the shed.”
Esme’s wolf sniffed the puppies thoroughly as soon as the basket was set down in its usual place. The pups had their eyes open now and were beginning to tumble around on top of one another as they tried out unsteady legs.
“He is making sure they are all there,” Esme explained.
Ebony seemed content to let the wolf do the honors, but she did manage to pull herself up with some effort and walk over to inspect the contents of the basket.
Fang sat by, tolerant but watchful.
The wolf, having eaten a breakfast of venison chunks earlier, surprised everyone by regurgitating a bit of his breakfast into the mouth of one of the puppies.
Fang jumped up to sniff her pup’s mouth and growled at the wolf. Her pup seemed to be mouthing the strange food before spitting up most of it.
Electra smiled. “Your wolf is treating Fang’s puppies as he would his own wolf pups. They are weaned earlier in the wild and need this partially digested food to tide them over until they are able to hunt.”
“Will it hurt them?” Dag asked. He seemed ready to grab up the basket and bolt if the answer were not to his liking.
“No, they might come to appreciate it when they are a bit older. For now, they will just spit it out.”
Fang licked the partially digested meat from her pup’s face and swallowed it, looking at the wolf to see if any more might be forthcoming.
Esme ruffled her hand through her wolf’s fur. “I thought I might go to try to find my wolf’s pups once he is well enough to travel.”
Electra tilted her head, as though considering Esme’s words. “Your wolf is quite old now. He will surely live longer were you to keep him with you in Henge where he would not be required to hunt. If he sees his pups, he will likely want to rejoin the pack.”
Esme was silent for a moment. She decided not to add that she also wanted to find the person who had shot her wolf. “My wolf would surely have died, had it not been for Fang’s pups.”
Electra nodded in agreement. “You may be right. But now that he is recovering, he might be glad of an easier life.”
Esme’s mouth was set in an obstinate straight line. “It should, of course, be his decision.”
Dag raised his eyebrows. “He seems content to play guardian to Fang’s pups. Why take him on a long journey to Fernland that might result in another herder’s arrow?”
Esme’s head jerked up. “You know his attacker to be a herder?”
“No, but it is likely.” Dag looked at her wolf as he spoke. “When wolves get old they look for the easy meal. What is more tempting than a herd of sheep?”
Esme scowled at Dag. “It could have been a hunter out for sport.”
Dag shrugged. “Could have been, I suppose.”
Electra stood up. “I had best be leaving for the school of medicine. We are discussing poisonous plants today – a very popular class.”
Esme’s face lit up with a sudden inspiration. “Perhaps I could come back to Helsop for a time and study medicine with you. If Mother and Father agree to it, of course.”
Electra’s surprise was evident. “You are interested in studying medicine?”
Esme easily read the unspoken thought in Electra’s mind. “Since when?”
“Oh yes, I am very interested. If not for my wolf, I would ask to attend your lecture on poisons.”
Electra nodded. “I see. Of course you would be most welcome to attend for as long as you wished. Would you like me to speak to Serafina on your behalf?”
“No need. I think she would be in favor of the idea.”
Electra clasped her hands together. Her face relaxed into a sincere smile. “I really had no idea you were so inclined. I know you will excel in whatever you put your mind to. I am quite overwhelmed and even flattered that you have chosen medicine. Perhaps you would like to focus on the care of animals?”
“Perhaps.” Esme seemed vague on specifics.
Electra hesitated at the door. “We have so much more to speak about, but I really must go. I find this news most exciting.” Electra patted Fang’s head as she rushed out of the kitchen.
Dag looked at Esme with a suspicious expression. “You are up to something, aren’t you?”
“What makes you say that?” Esme asked as she picked up a puppy and placed him on her lap.
“Because I know you aren’t interested in studying medicine.”
Esme knew Dag was hard to fool. Dag and the twins had been best friends from infancy. Her mother had always preferred leaving the twins in Electra’s care rather than their father’s care whenever she was absent on any of her mysterious missions. They had grown up with Dag and there were few secrets they had not shared. Dag knew of the twins’ unusual powers and remained singularly unimpressed, though often annoyed, by the tricks they got up to.
“It could be a new interest, could it not?” Esme smiled as the puppy in her lap sucked on her finger.
“And it could be you are lying through your teeth.” Dag took the puppy from her lap and placed it back in the basket.
“Why would I do that?” Esme asked.
“Yes, why would you?” Dag’s brow wrinkled as he searched for an answer. “You want to get away from Henge,” he decided, giving voice to his thoughts.
Esme could read his mind and saw he was getting close to the truth. “All right, I want somehow to get to Fernland to find the man who killed my wolf, but you cannot tell Electra.”
“I can if I decide to. Why do you want to find whoever shot your wolf?”
“It is something I have to do. How would you react if someone shot Fang?”
“Fang is a dog. It is different. However, if Fang attacked sheep, I would understand if she was shot.”
“Perhaps when I find the killer, I will understand as well.” But Esme’s eyes told a different story.
Dag’s wrinkled brow grew even more wrinkled. “Perhaps I will go with you. You may need some help to find out the whole truth.” 

Chapter 13

Village of Helsop

As the acting troupe milled about the castle grounds assessing their potential performance site, Shalin left to find Electra. She hoped Esme had spoken to Electra about her dangerous hunger to find the person responsible for her wolf’s death. Shalin felt certain that Electra would be able to reason with Esme.
As Shalin entered the school of medicine, the class on poisons was ending. The students were carefully bundling up dried stalks of oleander, nightshade and foxglove to be locked away in the poisons cabinet.
“Shalin,” Electra called out. “How go the performance preparations?”
“Phinn has settled on a corner of the castle grounds. They are setting up a canopy in case of rain.”
“Good idea,” Electra said. “Have you seen Esme’s wolf? He is much improved today.”
“I am relieved to hear it.” Shalin hesitated. “Did Esme speak to you about, um…, anything?”
Electra’s face lit up with a smile. “She did! So you know of her wish to study medicine?”
Shalin tried to hide her surprise. “She told you she wants to study medicine?”
“Yes, of course.” Electra laughed. “She would have to, would she not? If she intends to study here in Helsop.” Electra paused and studied Shalin. “I always supposed it might be you who would wish to take up medicine. Have you ever considered it?”
Shalin pulled the ring Electra had given her from beneath her bodice. “I am committed to finding out more about my ring’s history. I hope to travel along with Phinn to foreign lands as soon as my father will allow it. I long to find more clues to the hidden spells and their meanings.”
Electra pursed her lips. “I hope I have not set you in an unnatural direction by giving you the ring.”
“Do you feel the ring took you in an unnatural direction when you wore it?” Shalin asked.
Electra smiled and reached out to a shelf on the wall behind the dining table. “I feel it took me to the fish book and I am glad of that.” She pulled the book from the shelf and opened it on the table.
“Have you learned enough Greek now to understand it?” Shalin asked.
“Yes. It has taken me years but it has been worth it. It tells the life and times of an extraordinary man called Yeshua.”
“Do you think it a true story?” Shalin asked.
“It feels true.” She placed her hand on the book with reverence. “Others I have spoken with are moved by his story. Many go to pray for loved ones who are sick in the bower we have constructed next to the clinic.” Electra smiled. “Perhaps you will be the one to find out in your travels with the acting troupe if Yeshua’s story is true.”
“I will try.” Shalin’s eyes took on a fervent gaze. “I know Latin quite well now, and some Greek. I hope to be able to translate any ancient manuscripts I might come across.”
“If your father will not allow you to travel as yet, perhaps you would like to stay here in Helsop with Esme and me. I could teach you what Greek I have mastered.”
Shalin was quiet for a moment. “So Esme plans to stay on here and begin her study of medicine?” Shalin was quite sure Esme was up to something. Her sister had never had a thought of studying medicine as far as Shalin knew, and she was quite sure she knew all of Esme’s thoughts.
“I believe she intends to ask your mother and father’s permission to begin study and start as soon as it is allowed. She wants to specialize in animal treatment.” She paused and looked closely at Shalin. “You did not know?” 
“I suppose her wolf’s recovery must have solidified her interest.”
“It has been quite a miraculous recovery. But tell me more of your own interests. Have you been able to uncover more of the spells hidden in your ring?”
Shalin shook her head. “I need Esme’s help to do it. She finds the study of Latin and the translation of clay tablet symbols a dreary task and usually manages to avoid it. She prefers to be out exploring and studying wildlife. So far we have only the first two spells – ‘by careful study of the stars, death may be thwarted,’ and ‘follow the seven sisters constellation closely as it travels through the sky.’”
Electra nodded. “Come and join me then. We will study a bit of the fish book together while we have tea and you can note down some of the cities mentioned in the book. Perhaps in your future travels you will come across these ancient cities—if the story is a true one.”
After drinking their tea and jotting down several city names from the fish book, Electra suggested they return to the castle for lunch.
As they passed by Yeshua’s Bower, Shalin asked, “Have we time to stop here for a few minutes?”
“Of course.” Electra walked toward a favorite bench in the bower.
The bower was made of bundled vines, some still living and rooted into the ground. The vines formed a living arch of wisteria for a ceiling with climbing sweet pea walls. A few wooden benches were scattered around the paved stone floor. Shalin picked a bench to sit across from Electra and noticed a phrase carved into the wood. ‘Whatsoever ye shall bind on earth shall be bound in the heavens.’ “What do you suppose this phrase means?” Shalin asked.
Electra shrugged. “It is a line from Yeshua’s teachings. His wisdom often seems other worldly. I take it to mean whatever we aspire to and work to achieve here on earth will follow us for eternity – a caution that we should choose carefully what we put our minds to. But I may suddenly see a new meaning. This often happens. The line on this bench seems a teaching worth pondering. I asked Tandor to carve it into the wood. He has become an excellent craftsman.”
Shalin nodded as she pondered the possible meanings of the words carved so gracefully into the bench.
Gregor, Soren and Drake rushed into the bower. “Mama,” Soren shouted, “we founded a snakeskin.” He held up his long translucent prize.
“So you have.” Electra stretched the long skin out between her hands. “It must have been a large snake to have outgrown this skin.”
Soren smiled, proud to have found such a treasure.
“Shall we all go back to the castle and see how the wolf and puppies are doing?” Electra asked.
“Yes,” shouted three boys.
The boys raced ahead of Electra and Shalin through the village, across the drawbridge and into the castle grounds where their attention was diverted to the construction taking place in the far corner of the castle walls.
“May we watch them build the stage?” Gregor asked his mother.
“For a few minutes,” Electra said. “Then come in for lunch.”
In the castle kitchen a happy scene awaited them. Esme’s wolf lay on the floor beside the basket while puppies attacked his tail and ears with abandon.
Esme laughed as she watched from a stool nearby.
Surely this happiness would dispel any notion Esme had of revenge against her wolf’s killer, Shalin thought. But if that were true, what was the meaning of this fabricated wish to study medicine in Helsop?


Chapter 14

Village of Helsop

The afternoon of Phinn’s performance for the village of Helsop arrived pleasantly sunny with a slight breeze – perfect weather for an outdoor production. As expected, all of Helsop turned out for this first-of-a-kind entertainment event. They sat within the castle walls on blankets or on the bare earth of the courtyard with their eyes focused on the elevated makeshift corner stage.
The front curtains were pulled apart by two elves to reveal Phinn, dressed as a sorcerer, seated in a sparsely furnished room. He sat with his chin in his hands behind a table that held a single lit candle.
The sorcerer stood up to pace the stage, sighing now and again. He reached into his voluminous cloak to produce a large, ornate wand. He smiled at his wand, turned in a circle and pointed it severely at a pinecone near his feet. The pinecone burst into flame, and the crowd watching drew in a collective giant breath.
The sorcerer smiled and lovingly caressed his face with his wand.
He pointed his wand at the corner of the covered table, and a large bubble began to take shape. From somewhere behind the black curtain back drop, the sound of a flute floated out on the breeze. Within the bubble a tiny fairy appeared and began to dance.
Children in the audience had to be restrained by their parents from running up onto the stage. Another bubble appeared, then another and another. Three more tiny dancers appeared within the bubbles.
The sorcerer seemed to be as pleased with his tiny dancers as the audience was. He danced beside them in time to the music, but then, one by one, the bubbles burst and the tiny dancers vanished.
The sorcerer sat down again at his table and brushed a tear from his sad face. A knock at the door set up at the side of the stage sounded, and the sorcerer stared at the door mutely.
He stood up and walked to the door. He put his ear to the door and jumped back a little when another knock sounded. Very slowly, he opened the door to reveal an old woman in a cloak similar to his own. Her cloak was dark blue whereas his was black, but both were woven with designs of stars and moons. She carried a black duffel bag.
After a silent moment, the sorcerer opened the door wider and with a great sweep of his arm, invited her inside.
The old woman appeared hesitant, then grateful, and entered the room glancing around with a curious expression. The sorcerer pulled out the single chair from behind the table and gestured for the woman to take a seat.
The old woman smiled and sat down.
The sorcerer made a great show of moving the candle closer so that the old woman could warm her hands over it. Then he patted his cloak and pulled out a wooden figure of a horse-drawn cart and placed it on the table.
The old woman looked at the little wooden toy with interest. The sorcerer took out his wand and pointed it at the horse-drawn cart. The cart began to roll along the table.
As the audience cheered, the old woman laughed and pulled out an even larger wand from her own cloak. The little horse-drawn cart turned and began to roll in the opposite direction.
The sorcerer twirled his wand on one finger tip, tossed it up into the air like a whirling dragonfly and caught the end deftly to point the wand with great drama and concentration at the wooden cart and horse.
The toy began to race around the table in giant circles.
Chuckling, the old woman twirled her wand like a baton, throwing it into the air and catching it behind her back.
Everyone in the audience was on their feet, cheering and laughing.
The old woman held her wand with a deft hand, pointed it at the toy and the cart came to an abrupt halt.
With a devilish gleam in her eye, the old woman reached into her large duffel bag and pulled out four wooden dolls. The dolls were each about a foot high, with large wooden wings carved out from their shoulders.
She set the wooden dolls in a row on the edge of the table.
The sorcerer stood by with an expression both curious and delighted. His expression was mirrored on the faces of those in the audience.
The old woman waved her wand above the heads of the wooden dolls slowly, as if summoning some unseen spirit. Then she slid the last two wooden dolls further along the table and touched the tops of their heads with the tip of her wand. With her other hand she threw out a small cloud of dust and stepped back.
A bright flash and a loud, explosive noise followed. When the smoke cleared, two life-sized male fairies stood in front of the table, their eyes blinking and their wings flapping in the breeze. The two wooden boy dolls she had touched with her wand were gone.
The sorcerer stared at the fairies before him and touched one with his finger in a manner that suggested he was testing whether they were real or merely apparitions. The fairy reached out and touched the sorcerer in like fashion.
The sorcerer puffed up his chest like a rooster, took his wand in both hands and raised it above his head in a tribute to the old woman’s skill. Then he began to wield his wand through a wild frenzy of intricate tosses and catches, flinging it high above his head, catching it on the tips of his fingers, bouncing it off his elbow or his shoulder, allowing it to fall almost to the floor of the stage before catching it with the toe of his shoe to send it scurrying in another direction. Finally, like a cat tiring of his captured mouse, he grabbed the wand by its stem, pointed the tip toward the remaining two wooden dolls and flung a cloud of dust into the air. The dust exploded with a bang and filled the stage with a green and gold shower of sparks.
When the air cleared, two girl fairies stood beside the two boy fairies and the music of flutes filtered out into the audience. Spectators stopped applauding, the better to listen.
The fairies began to dance, fluttering their iridescent wings in time to the music.
The sorcerer and the old woman joined them in their dance, taking hands with one another and twirling nimbly across the stage in spite of their voluminous cloaks.
Above their heads, a blue and red parrot flew from one side of the stage to the other, shouting “Take flight, take flight,” in a voice very much like that of the Princess Electra.
The fairies did take flight, accompanied by an audible gasp from the audience. They floated and dipped against the black curtain back drop.
The stage grew dark as the lone candle on the table flickered and died. The fairies had disappeared and the wooden dolls were once again on the table.
As the sorcerer relit the candle, the old woman placed the dolls back in her duffel bag and made ready to leave.
The sorcerer gave her a wistful glance and the old woman, with a mischievous grin, reached into her bag. She pulled out a live rabbit and set it on the floor.
The sorcerer grinned and with a casual flip of his wand, a flash appeared and the rabbit was replaced with a human-sized rabbit hopping around as though dazed.
The old woman laughed, gave a backwards flip of her wand and a second bright flash revealed a giant rabbit in the place of the small one. He hopped out the door, trailing behind the old woman.
The sorcerer stared at the empty doorway, sheathed his wand in his cloak and sat down in his single chair as the curtains closed at the front of the stage.

Chapter 15

Outskirts of Henge

The play put on by Phinn’s acting troupe in Helsop had been such a success that Dagon was forced to part with a few gold coins from Helsop’s treasury to entice the acting troupe to stay on an extra two weeks.
By then Esme’s wolf was fully recovered and Fang’s puppies were pleased to accept offerings of regurgitated meat from the wolf’s mouth. Esme had attended several of Electra’s classes on herbal medicine and managed to convince Electra she had found them fascinating. The day before leaving to return to Henge, Esme promised Electra she would return soon as a full-time student of the school of medicine.  
After saying goodbye and promising to return soon, the acting troupe finally set out for Henge. As Esme rode her horse along the trail next to the cart that carried Ebony the Panther, she watched her restored wolf as he sniffed bushes along the trail. She was happy to see him looking so fit, but she had not forgotten his brother. Finding the person who had killed him was never far from her mind. 

The acting troupe reached the gate to Henge’s castle at dusk of the second day, and old King Blackwell was there to welcome them.
The old king gave Phinn a hug. “Thought you’d decided to take up residence in Helsop. What took you so long?” He tried to sound annoyed, but his happy face gave him away. He had missed them.
“We were very well received.” Phinn smiled at the understatement. “The residents of Helsop practically forced us to stay on and do two more performances. Luckily we were able to perform old ones they had never seen before.”
“Hmmf,” the old King muttered. “I can remember when their idea of a good time was having something to eat. You are likely spoiling them, giving them free entertainment.”
“Very true,” Phinn agreed. He did not mention the two gold coins. “Have Serafina and Prince Blackwell returned from Manoa?”
“They have, and you are just in time for supper. Come in, the lot of you. They’ll be glad to see you.”
The weary travelers made their way to the castle’s dining room and plopped down gratefully around the long wooden table.
Prince Blackwell and Serafina came down a few minutes later and rushed to hug Esme and Shalin before joining the actors around the table.
“Is this the same wolf that left a month ago close to death?” Serafina asked in amazement as she eyed the wolf at Esme’s feet.
Esme smiled. “It is. All he needed to recover was some family time. He adopted a dog’s puppies in Electra’s kitchen.”
“I see.” Serafina bent down to examine the wolf, pulling his lips aside to check his teeth and the color of his tongue. “He does appear to have made an excellent recovery.”
“He has,” Esme said, “and I have decided to study at Electra’s school of medicine.”
Serafina’s eyebrow lifted as she turned to Prince Blackwell to gauge his reaction.
“You wish to study medicine?” Blackwell asked Esme with a doubtful expression.
“I do. I will perhaps specialize in the medical needs of animals.”
“No.” Prince Blackwell’s voice held a ring of finality. “It is dirty, coarse work—not fit for a princess.”
“I would not need to do the work myself.” Esme realized too late that her father might object. “I could write books on the subject or teach as Electra does. I only want to acquire the knowledge for the sake of my own pets.” She paused for a moment trying desperately to think of a reason that would impress her father. “It is very important to me.”
Prince Blackwell shook his head in an exasperated fashion. “I find it counterproductive to your role as a princess of Henge, but I will leave it to your mother to decide.” He turned to the others seated at the table and fixed his eyes on his half-brother, Phinn.
“I have a new mission for you and your acting troupe.” He put on a magnanimous smile, as though he were about to confer a great honor.
Phinn’s expression turned cautious. “A new mission?” 
Prince Blackwell cleared his throat. “As you know, Princess Serafina and I have just returned from a fact-finding mission to Manoa. Once there, we discovered our white powder resources on White Cliffs Island have been profoundly depleted. At least that solves the problem of one of King Gundar’s minions tracking down our source of niter. Gundar will be thwarted in his futile hunt for our white powder source, and,” he leaned in closer to Phinn, “his offer of a reward will bring no results.”
Phinn was following every word carefully. Esme could easily read the question foremost in his mind. And how does this affect me?
Prince Blackwell continued. “We were able to extract several excellent nautical charts of the waters between Manoa and Africa from Prince Manos in exchange for the promise of a performance by you and your acting troupe.”
Phinn let out a long-held breath. “We would be happy to put on a performance in Manoa. The climate is ideal and the two times we have visited, we were treated as royalty.”
“That’s because you are royalty,” old King Blackwell was quick to inject.
Serafina looked at Phinn. “There is a little more to it than putting on a performance.”
Phinn turned a wary eye in her direction. “There is?”
Serafina nodded. “With these charts we hope to locate another island along the avian migration routes which might present a supply of guano to replace that of White Cliffs Island. Needless to say, such a discovery would need to remain a secret.”
“Exactly.” Prince Blackwell took up the disclosing of the proposed mission. “No other kingdoms know that the exploding powder can be refined from bird droppings. Fernland and Helsop import their powder from China. Even King Geoffrey and Dagon do not know the exploding powder can be extracted from guano. Only we in Henge know how to do it, thanks to Serafina’s genius.” He looked at his wife proudly. “Once we locate a new source of guano, we must take all precautions to keep its location secret.”
Phinn’s jaw dropped open with surprise. “You make the exploding powder from bird droppings?”
“Refined bird droppings,” Serafina corrected.
Several members of the acting troupe tried to suppress their giggles.
“Bird poop?” Old King Blackwell said, wide-eyed. “That’s how you make it?”
At this the acting troupe dissolved into giggles.
“This is not a laughing matter.” Prince Blackwell scowled at his ambassadors. “I am entrusting you with a very important mission, and I would suggest you take it seriously. If word slipped out about this mission, all the kingdoms in the West would be following you, attempting to seize possession of such an island by any means necessary.”
The actors stopped their giggling on hearing these words and looked to Phinn, their leader, to learn his views on the subject.
Phinn scratched his nose as he thought. "So you believe no one outside of Henge is as yet privy to this knowledge of the importance of, ah, guano?”
“Yes, that is what we believe,” Prince Blackwell stated. There was still a note of disgust for childish giggling in his voice. “Others still think we value guano only as a fertilizer for our crops.” He paused to look Phinn directly in his eyes. “So, will you take on this crucial mission?”
“I will,” Shalin blurted out.
“What?” Prince Blackwell frowned at his daughter. “This is none of your concern.”
“I am part of the acting troupe now,” Shalin declared, “and more than anything I want to go and explore new lands.”
Prince Blackwell sighed as he looked from Shalin to Esme. “We shall decide later if you, Shalin, will sail abroad with Phinn, and if you, Esme, will study animal medicine in Helsop.” He turned his attention back to Phinn.
Phinn was still mulling over the conversation. “I see no reason why we cannot look for such islands on our way to Manoa.” He smiled, as he sought nods of agreement from his fellow actors. Some nods came quickly, some hesitantly. “We will be pleased to serve Henge in this matter,” Phinn said, finally, to his brother.

After much pleading on her part, Esme succeeded in gaining her mother’s permission to study animal medicine in Helsop.  Shalin was not so fortunate in gaining her parents’ permission to leave with the acting troupe to explore islands off Africa on their way to Manoa.
“It is up to your father whether or not you will be allowed to accompany Phinn on his next voyage,” Serafina told Shalin.  “You are welcome to accompany Esme and me back to Helsop where I will enroll her in the school of medicine if that would ease your wanderlust.  We will leave tomorrow.”
Shalin shook her head.  “I will stay here and try to convince Father to let me go.”
Serafina pursed her lips.  “Your father is concerned for your safety. I would refrain from trying to put ideas into your father’s mind were I you.  He is expecting such a strategy and it will only serve to annoy him.”
Shalin lifted her chin in a prim gesture. “I had not thought to do so.”
Serafina smiled and hugged Shalin.  “Good,” she said.

Chapter 16

Village of Helsop

Esme and Serafina arrived in Helsop two days after leaving Henge to enroll Esme in the school of medicine.  Electra was delighted to see Serafina and to have Esme as a student.
So far Esme had successfully fooled everyone except Shalin and her old friend Dag, into believing her interest in medicine was real. Now she just needed a strategy to convince her mother to return to Henge so that she could get on with her plan to track down her wolf’s killer. And that would involve finding a credible reason for going to Fernland where her wolves had been attacked.

Esme finished her morning classes and decided to take her wolf for a walk in the forest. Dag saw her passing by the mess tent and followed. The two friends stopped to sit under a pine tree in Helsop’s old growth forest, while Esme’s wolf paced restlessly around the perimeter of a nearby meadow. Esme knew he wanted to kill some small animal to take back to Fang’s pups. She saw the picture of a fat rabbit in her wolf’s mind.
“How go the lessons in medicine?” Dag asked with a slight grin.
Esme stuck out her tongue at him.
Dag laughed. “How long are you going to keep up the pretense?”
“Until mother leaves to return to Henge.” Esme picked up a pine cone, dislodged a seed and popped it into her mouth.
“She seems to be enjoying her visit with Electra. Perhaps she will decide to stay indefinitely,” Dag teased.
A pinecone above his head let go its hold and glanced off his shoulder before falling to the ground.
Dag stood up and turned an angry glance in Esme’s direction. “You did that on purpose.”
“Have you proof of that?” Esme asked, laughing.
Dag picked up the pinecone and tossed it up and down in his hand as he walked away from the tree. “If this cone was to suddenly fly off in your direction, you could claim I threw it, but I could claim you called it to yourself and misjudged where it would land.”
“I do not make misjudgments,” Esme assured him.
“I believe you may have misjudged me.” Dag thrust his arm out suddenly and the pinecone whizzed close by her ear and into the tree trunk.
“All right. Let us call a truce.” Esme was a little unnerved by the accuracy of his aim.
Dag sat down in the shade of the tree and leaned back on one elbow. “Even if your mother does decide to leave you here to study medicine, how do you plan to explain to Electra that you need to leave with your wolf and go to Fernland to find the killer of your wolf’s litter mate?”
Esme picked up her pinecone and set it to twirling on its tip. “I have not settled on a plan as yet but I thought I might send a letter to my Aunt Delphinia in Fernland offering to come for a visit.”
“Queen Delphinia is the biggest worry-wort around. She would never let you out of her sight if you went for a visit. You must know that.”
“As I said, I do not have all the details worked out as yet. I will wait for an opportunity to arise.”
“And if it doesn’t? You may be forced to attend classes until you graduate.”
Esme scowled at that obnoxious grin that came so easily to Dag. “An opportunity will come,” she predicted. “And when it does I will be ready.”
They both caught a sudden movement from Esme’s wolf. He had pounced on something at the edge of the clearing.
By the time they reached him the rabbit was already dead. Esme shook her head. She hated to see an animal die but knew this was the life of a wolf.
“Fang and the pups will be pleased with the gift of fresh meat,” Dag said.

The opportunity Esme had predicted presented itself a few days later. Esme was on her way to join her mother and Electra for morning tea at the school of medicine when she saw a militia man galloping toward the school.  She sped up her pace, to see what had caused his hurry.  He flung open the door to the school and announced, “King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia are on their way here in Fernland’s royal carriage.”
Esme walked to the open door and waited outside to hear what her mother would say about this unexpected visit.
“Thank you, Milo, for the warning,” Electra said. 
After the militia man left, Esme could hear bustling noises and the clanking of cups as the table was cleared, then Electra’s voice. “Serafina, I had no idea they were coming for a visit. My parents often do this now they have Prince Avor back home to leave in charge.”
Esme knew this was true. Prince Avor, Electra’s brother, had returned from his travels with the Great Khan’s Army several years before. On his return, he had taken charge of Fernland’s boat works and had been named Commander-in-Chief of the newly formed army and navy.
Esme’s mother, Serafina, spoke next. “I believe it is time for me to return to Henge in any case. Esme seems to be well-established in her classes and I need to see that Shalin is over her temper at being forbidden to accompany Phinn on his upcoming journey to Manoa.”
“She wanted to go with the acting troupe?” Electra asked.
“Yes, she fancies herself an explorer these days. It is not a thing her father wants to encourage.”
“I believe it may have begun when I gave her the ring.” Electra seemed uncomfortable to be, even unintentionally, a contributor to Shalin’s distress.
“Very likely. She studies Old Latin continuously now and pours over any text she can find concerning ancient cities and civilizations.”
Electra sighed. “Exploration is a yearning with which I can empathize. But I fear taking care of two sons precludes such adventurous for me at the moment.”
Esme heard the scraping sound of a chair. “I must find Esme and say goodbye,” her mother said.

Serafina did not have far to go to find Esme, who was still standing just outside the door.
“I am returning to Henge,” Serafina said. “Will you stay to continue your studies or would you prefer to return to Henge with me for a time?”
“I will stay. We have a series on herbal preventatives coming up that I will enjoy as it means time spent in the forest gathering herbs.”
Serafina gave her daughter a hug. “As you will, then. I am sure your Aunt Delphinia will be pleased to see you.”
“Is she planning a visit?” Esme asked in an innocent voice.
Serafina’s eyes narrowed as she ran her hand through her daughter’s hair. “You sound surprised,” she noted.
Esme had the good grace to blush. “I may have heard something about that,” she admitted.
 She had, of course, been listening at the door. She knew as soon as Serafina heard the news of Delphinia’s arrival that her mother would leave immediately. The two sisters, Serafina and Delphinia, avoided one another whenever possible. No surprise there, since Serafina had kidnapped Electra from Delphinia and raised her as her own daughter for the first sixteen years of her life.
In spite of the animosity between them, Delphinia had taken her nieces, Esme and Shalin into her heart. She had bought them dolls, made doll clothes for them and taught both her nieces how to sew.
“We will expect you back in Henge once your lessons on animal medicines are concluded.” Serafina hugged Esme and left for Helsop’s castle to pack up her belongings.

A few minutes after Serafina walked out the door of the school of medicine, Fernland’s royal carriage pulled up.
Princess Electra, her two sons, and Esme were there to greet the king and queen.
Queen Delphinia hugged her daughter, her two grandsons and finally, Esme.
“My dear Esme, how you have grown. It has been too long since last you came to Fernland for a visit.”
“You are right,” Esme said emphatically. “It has indeed been too long.”

Chapter 17
 
Kingdom of Henge

Shalin watched wistfully as Phinn and the acting troupe packed up their props and costumes, readying them for the long sea voyage to Manoa. They planned to follow the coast until they reached equatorial Africa, then set a course toward several islands Serafina had mapped out. The hope was that some of these islands, as yet unexplored, might provide a new source of guano.
Deciding she would try one more time to reason with her father before resorting to disobedience, Shalin gave a quick wave to her Uncle Phinn and left the theater for the castle.

She knocked at the open door of her father’s office. He looked up and smiled.
“Come in, I am only checking duty rosters. Nothing of import. It is too quiet here with your mother and Esme gone.”
Shalin sat down across the desk from her father. “Yes, I miss them too.”
“Have you come for a reason or just for a chat?” her father asked.
Shalin looked down at her hands. “Phinn is moving his props down to the ship. They plan to leave at dawn.”
Prince Blackwell’s posture stiffened, then softened. “I know you want very much to accompany them, but surely you see you are too young. They may be gone for months looking for an island topped with guano. And there is a chance that King Gundar will try something devious when they reach Manoa. He may have them followed if he suspects they will lead him to Henge’s source of the exploding powder.”
Shalin listened to her father’s earnest explanation without visible anger. She could read his mind. He was firmly against her going and ready to counter any argument she might pose. She decided it was time to implement her plan of last resort. If it was to succeed, she would need to make sure he did not suspect her true feelings.
She shrugged. “As you say, that is a long time to be away from my home and my family. I find even now I miss Esme and Mother too much. I thought with your permission I might go and visit them in Helsop for a few days. I could ask Cook to take care of Ebony in my absence. Ebony is having trouble getting up and down the stairs, so I thought I might leave her in the kitchen. I believe there are two scouts departing for Helsop in the morning. Sergeant Smythe mentioned it. I thought I might ride along with them and return with Mother. Surely she will be returning before many more days.” Prince Blackwell looked surprised. Shalin could see he had been ready for more arguments in favor of her accompanying Phinn to Manoa.
“You want to go to Helsop?”
“With your permission,” Shalin nodded.
“Yes.” A relieved expression crept over her father’s face. “Yes, I think that would be possible. In fact, that is an excellent idea. Your mother has been gone too long. You may tell her she is needed back here in Henge as soon as possible. And hopefully your sister has tired of classes in animal medicine and she will return as well. I will send word to Sergeant Smythe that you are to accompany the scouts to Helsop.”
Prince Blackwell seemed in excellent spirits as Shalin left to pack for her trip.

Back in her room, Shalin pulled out the bucket of provisions she had already secreted away under her bed. She added a map of African port cities to her bucket and set it down beside Ebony.
“I will be gone for some time, Ebony.” She hugged the panther as she put a picture of herself leaving on the Kingdom of Henge in the big cat’s mind. Then she added a picture of the panther sleeping in the warm kitchen on a blanket while Cook fed her bits of chopped meat.
Shalin helped the big cat down the stairs and made sure she was comfortably settled on a blanket near the fireplace. “I will be leaving for Helsop early in the morning,” she told Cook. “Will you watch over Ebony until I return?”
“Of course I will. But you, too? How will I fill my days with ever’ body gone ‘cept the two old Blackwells?”
Shalin smiled. “Grandpa Blackwell complains enough for five of us.”
Cook laughed. “Yer right there, a’ course.”
Shalin handed Cook a letter. “I do not want to take this with me. I might lose it. It is a letter Uncle Phinn said to give to Mother when she returns. He did not want to give it to Father for some reason. Maybe he thought Father would forget to give it to her or maybe he thought Father would read it first.” Shalin winked to show she suspected as much.
“Not much gets by yer dad, for sure,” Cook agreed. “I’ll keep it here for ‘er.” Cook tucked the letter into her apron.
“Do you mind if I filch a few snacks for my trip to Helsop?” Shalin asked.
“Help yerself.” Cook spread her hands wide enough to take in the whole kitchen. “I’ve made lots for the actors ta take with ‘em on their boat and they haven’t come yet so you can have yer pick.”

Shalin stocked up on as much food as she thought she would need for several days, then set off for the barracks to find Sergeant Smythe.
Shalin knocked on the door to Sergeant Smythe’s duty room.
“Come in,” came the familiar voice.
Sergeant Smythe stood beside his desk, putting on a jacket. “Yer Highness, what brings you down to the barracks?”
“I believe you just got a message from my father that I was to accompany two scouts to Helsop in the morning.”
“Why yes, I did. I was just on my way to tell the two scouts.”
“Then I am glad I caught you in time. Our panther, Ebony, is quite old as you know. I am afraid she has taken a turn for the worse. I have decided to postpone my visit until she is better or…, you know.”
Sergeant Smythe seemed sympathetic. “Of course. Yes, I see. Yes, it was good of you to come and tell me. I, ah, I hope your panther improves.”
“Thank you,” Shalin said. “Sorry for the intrusion.”
“No bother, Yer Majesty. None at all,” Smythe assured her.

Shalin waited until just after midnight to change into her black clothes and steal quietly out of the castle.
She carried a lantern to light her way down to the docks where the Kingdom of Henge waited, ready for departure at dawn. The planks creaked as she pulled herself up over the rail and made her way along the dark passages to the small closet she had chosen for her abode as a ship’s stowaway. 
Stacking her food amongst the ship’s foul-weather gear, she pulled out several rain capes to fashion a bed on the floor. Then she tried to slow her fast-beating heart enough to sleep. As long as the weather stayed clear, and no one needed a rain cape, she should be safe from discovery.  

Chapter 18

Village of Helsop

Electra and Dagon, their two sons, Gregor and Soren, Queen Delphinia, King Geoffrey and Esme sat around the kitchen table in Helsop’s castle after finishing a meal of fish and greens. Esme appeared to be the target of her Aunt Delphinia’s latest complaint.
Queen Dephinia was in the midst of a long and familiar grievance. “We have been hearing so much of Phinn’s visit here in Helsop and the magic show his acting troupe put on. Everyone in the village is talking about it.” She pushed her plate away with a bit of fish still on it. “We miss his performances too much in Fernland. I cannot believe he is now living in Henge. He grew up in Fernland, you know. He should show more loyalty to his home kingdom.”
Esme knew her aunt Delphinia missed Phinn mainly because she had no one as accomplished in Fernland to hire for entertainment when foreign dignitaries came calling.
Delphinia focused her gaze on Esme. “Do you think he might return to Fernland? After all, we did build a theater for him.”
Esme knew this was true. The theater at King’s Lake in Fernland sat empty now and was likely falling into disrepair. She tried to think of a response that would redirect her aunt’s scolding. “Uncle Phinn is rarely in Henge now. He and his acting troupe are usually aboard the Kingdom of Henge on their way to perform in foreign nations,” Esme countered.
Delphinia pursed her lips. “And is that the life they wish to live? Always aboard ship?”
“I do not know,” Esme said politely. “I could ask him.”
Delphinia smiled and flipped her hand up in a dismissive gesture. “Do not mind me, my dear, I only enjoy complaining.”
King Geoffrey pushed back his chair and stood up, looking at Dagon. “I might have a bit of work for your blacksmiths. Shall we take a walk around to a forge?”
Dagon stood up as well. “Greg and Soren, do you want to go for a walk with us?”
Both boys jumped up, happy to be included.

Scooping up a pan full of hot water from the cauldron in the fireplace, Electra refilled the tea kettle and replenished the cups of her remaining guests, Esme and Delphinia.
“How is my brother?” she asked her mother.
Delphinia sighed. “Ah, Avor. It is difficult to believe he left us for years because we thought him too young to marry at sixteen, and now, at age twenty-five, he seems to have no interest in wedding anyone. I have arranged many elaborate fetes where he might meet eligible young ladies to no avail. He spends most of his time at King’s Lake where he manages the boat works and trains with his new army and navy. If his father had not appointed him Minister of War, we would likely never see him.”
Electra nodded. “Will he host his annual buzkashi tournament this summer?”
“I am sure he will. It makes his father nervous, having so many teams from Asia staying at King’s Lake for the tournament, but Geoffrey tiptoes around Avor for fear of losing him again.” Delphinia paused to take a sip of tea. “Will you come to Fernland for the tournament?”
Electra shrugged. “I am not actually a fan of the sport, but I know Dagon secretly harbors a wish to form his own team and take part in the tournaments. It is not a thing I encourage.”
“I understand.” Delphinia lowered her voice to a conspiratorial level. “I find the sport too dangerous for my liking as well.” She turned her attention to Esme. “And what of you, my dear? Will you come to visit us in Fernland?”
“I do need to travel to Fernland soon,” Esme stated.
Both Electra and Delphinia looked at Esme in surprise.
“My wolf and his brother were on their way from Fernland to Henge to show me their new spring pups. One was killed and this one was wounded.” She looked down at the wolf sprawled out at her feet. “I need to go back to Fernland, now he is recovered, and make sure the pups are all right.”
Delphinia and Electra looked at one another before turning their attention back to Esme.
“Might that not be dangerous?” Delphinia asked.
Esme smiled. “I do not believe it would be. My wolf is part of the pack. He may wish to stay with them or he may decide to stay with me. But we both need to know if the pups are safe.”
“I see.” Delphinia seemed at a loss for words. She looked again at Electra.
“We could send Tandor along with her,” Electra suggested.
“Dag has offered to go,” Esme said.
“Dag is only thirteen. I think he is a little young for such a responsibility,” Electra said.
“I would feel safer were one or two palace guards to accompany her.” Delphinia turned and put her hand on Esme’s shoulder. “You must come back to Fernland with us when we leave. There is plenty of room in the carriage. I can see this is important to you. And we could have such fun together. Surely you would not need to spend all your time hunting for the wolf pups.”
Esme smiled, knowing the activities her aunt Delphinia considered to be fun.  “We could spend some time making clothes from your new shipment of silks.”
Delphinia laughed. “You read my mind.”
Esme laughed as well. “Yes, I did.”

Dagon led King Geoffrey to Dorian’s forge. The Hammer Haven immigrants had erected several new forges since arriving in Helsop, but Dagon still trusted his old friend, Dorian the Master Sword Maker, above all others.
They found him sitting beside his forge, watching as his son, Tandor, lifted a red-hot blade from the flames.
“Your Highness.” Dorian rose to his feet. “What brings you to our forge?”
Dagon motioned Dorian to sit back down. “King Geoffrey has a new tool in mind he would like us to attempt to craft.”
King Geoffrey coughed. “It is more along the lines of a weapon than a tool.” He looked around as if he expected a spy to jump out from behind a bush.
Dagon raised an eyebrow. “I see. What can you tell us about this new weapon?”
“It is a thing Muller the Spy brought back from China on his last voyage there.” King Geoffrey reached into his fur cloak and pulled out a small round metal ball. It was hollow with a wick protruding from a hole.
King Geoffrey held it up for all to see. Gregor and Soren crowded in closer for a better view. King Geoffrey lowered his voice to a whisper. “It is to be filled with the white powder which I am told is called niter in the Orient. You light the fuse and throw it quickly, before it explodes.”
Dorian took the metal ball from the King’s hand to study it more closely. “I can see why one would want to throw it quickly.” He felt around the edge of the hole to gauge the thickness of the metal. “The metal has been rolled quite thin.” He tossed the ball in the air, the better to judge its weight.
Dorian studied the metal in the sunlight, subjecting it to a series of tests – scratching it, spitting on it, and tapping it with a hammer. Finally he looked up. “I believe we could make something similar that would work as well. I do not know if we could match the metal exactly.”
“As long as it works as well.” King Geoffrey wore a pleased expression. “How soon could I expect one hundred of them?”
“I can’t give you an exact time. There will have to be some trial runs. Shall we try for a month?” Dorian asked.
King Geoffrey smiled. “A month should be acceptable.”

Chapter 19

On Board the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin woke up as the Kingdom of Henge made a sharp turn to port side. What was happening? They should be headed straight south to Manoa. This was only their second day at sea. She had stayed awake half of the night, waiting until everything was quiet on board before sneaking out to the railing to empty her bucket of night waste. There could be only one reason for a sudden turn to the east. They were headed into Fernland’s estuary.
Her head whirling with possibilities, Shalin dared to open the door to her closet to peek out. She could hear footsteps overhead. Everyone seemed to be up on deck. There was no shouting, no smoke, no sign of distress. Why would they be stopping in Fernland? She had watched the crew provision the ship before leaving Henge. They had plenty of food and water.
Shalin pulled the door closed carefully. Had they decided to put on their latest play for Fernland? If she revealed herself now her Uncle Phinn would surely leave her ashore to be returned to Henge. She had planned to confess her presence on board close to Manoa, when it would be too late to turn back. She decided to do nothing for now and hope they would not stay long in Fernland.
Hours passed before she heard the chains rolling out to lower the anchor. The estuary between the sea and King’s Lake had a system of locks meant to keep larger boats afloat and discourage pirates. So far the system had proved successful on both counts.
Toward dusk she heard a shore boat bumping against the side of the ship. Shouts and laughter followed. It seemed some person or persons had come aboard. She was tempted to open her door again to try to hear what was being said, but decided against it. Once it was dark and quiet she would venture out again.
Shalin had settled down on her blankets to take a nap while the actors were having dinner when her door suddenly opened and a boy with a candle in his hand stepped inside.
His eyes searched the dark interior, suddenly fixing on Shalin. The boy froze. “Who are you?” he asked.
“Come inside and shut the door,” Shalin hissed. 
Surprisingly, he followed her instructions. “Are you a stowaway?” he asked.
Shalin nodded. “Yes, I am. Are you?”
The boy laughed. “I am Nicu, son of Muller the Spy. I am part of the acting troupe.” He paused. “Sometimes,” he added.
“That is not possible.” Shalin stood up with her hands on her hips. “I am part of the acting troupe and I have never heard of you.”
“This is my first trip,” the boy admitted.
“This is my first trip, too,” Shalin admitted. “But I have played the flute in several of their productions.”
“I play the fiddle. My grandfather taught me.” Nicu eyed Shalin suspiciously. “Why are you a stowaway?”
“My parents thought me too young to go.” Shalin judged the boy to be several years younger than herself. “But they are wrong. I am eleven and a half years old.”
Nicu nodded. “I am nine years old now. My mother did not want me to go but my grandfather is with me. He is a famous fiddle player. He convinced her to let me go.”
“Will you keep my secret?” Shalin asked.
Nicu frowned. “I should tell my grandfather. He tells me everything.”
“No. He would tell my Uncle Phinn. He would send me back to Henge.”
“Phinn is your uncle?”
“Yes. He taught me to play the flute.”
“Are you a gypsy?” he asked.
She took note of his curly black hair and lively brown eyes. “No, are you?”
“I am half gypsy, like Phinn,” Nicu said with pride.
“I am Shalin, daughter of Prince Blackwell.”
An expression of horror spread across Nicu’s face. “You are the demon spawn?”
“What? Of course not. Who told you that?”
“My grandfather Shandor. He said your mother, Serafina, is a demon and her children are demon spawn.”
“That is ridiculous. What does he hold against my mother?”
“She threw him in the dungeon at Henge to rot.” Nicu narrowed his eyes as he stared at Shalin.
“That is absurd. There is no one in our dungeon.”
“No. He escaped.” Nicu seemed pleased that his grandfather had managed such a feat. “But that is why he cannot live in Henge with the rest of the acting troupe.”
“Perhaps he makes up stories to entertain you,” Shalin suggested. Searching his mind, she could see he believed he was telling the truth. She could see he knew his grandfather did, in fact, make up stories to entertain him, but he did not believe the story of his time in Henge’s dungeon was one of them.
“Or you could ask your Uncle Phinn if it is true.”
“I shall. But not until we are closer to Manoa. I do not want to be sent back to Henge.”
Nicu studied Shalin. “Perhaps you have escaped from Henge’s dungeon as well and that is why you are a stowaway.”
“This is a ridiculous conversation.” Shalin sat back down on the pile of foul weather gear.
“No, it is not. I have heard many stories from my father. He is Fernland’s top spy, you know. People are often trying to escape dungeons for one reason or another.”
Shalin’s eyes grew large. “Be quiet. Someone is coming. Blow out your candle. The light will shine through the cracks.”
Nicu blew out the candle and they both stayed quiet as Phinn and Shandor walked past their door. Nicu recognized his grandfather’s voice and Shalin recognized her Uncle Phinn’s voice.
“We will be making stops at islands along the coast between Africa and Manoa,” Phinn explained. “My brother wants us to look for masses of bird droppings he can use as, ah, fertilizer.”
“No matter,” Shandor said. “I’ve got my grandson along for company this trip. Angelica is so busy with the new baby, she finally agreed to let Nicu come along. He is already quite good on the fiddle.”
“We are pleased to have you both along. This new play we put together in Helsop will benefit greatly with the addition of some gypsy music.”
“Tell me more about it,” Shandor urged.
Their voices drifted off as they continued down to their cabins.
“That was your grandfather?” Shalin asked softy.
“Yes. I should go and find him before he comes looking for me.” He relit his candle with a flint.
“You must promise not to tell anyone I am here before you go.” Shalin’s shaky voice betrayed her cool demeanor.
“I do not need to promise. Why should I?”.
Shalin thought quickly. What would be of value to a nine year old boy? “I will show you a magic trick if you will promise not to tell.”
Nicu thought for a moment. “All right. If it is a good one.”
Shalin took a deep breath. “What have you in your pockets?”
Nicu shrugged and stuffed his hands in his pockets. He pulled out a feather, a pebble and a copper coin.
“I shall put a spell on the feather and make it float in the air,” she proclaimed, as though she were a master magician.
Nicu gave Shalin a suspicious look and held out the feather.
Shalin took the feather between her hands and whispered a long incantation over it. Then she pulled her hands away and the feather stayed in place floating in the air.
Nicu’s eyes opened wide in amazement. “Can you teach me to do that?”
“If you promise not to tell.”
“I promise,” Nicu’s large, dark eyes gleamed in the candlelight. “When will you show me how you do it?”
“Come back later tonight, after everyone is asleep.”

Chapter 20

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Late that night the Kingdom of Henge still lay at anchor on King’s Lake in Fernland. Shalin doubted any of the crew would be about. Since they were at anchor in a safe harbor, they would all be asleep. She was considering venturing out to empty her waste bucket when the closet door opened.
Nicu stepped inside holding a lit candle and quickly closed the door.
“Grandpa is sound asleep,” he said.
Shalin wondered if Nicu had said anything to his grandfather about finding a stowaway. She searched his mind but found only a sadness there.
“Is your grandfather well?”
“Of course he is – why wouldn’t he be?” Nicu’s voice held a hint of defensiveness. “He is happy I am here with him.”
Shalin caught a small undercurrent of frustration in Nicu’s mind. “You seem concerned about something.”
Nicu shrugged. “When he is happy he drinks too much. Then he falls asleep.”
“I see.”
“I doubt it,” Nicu grumbled.
Shalin decided to change the subject. “Is the whole ship asleep?”
“I think so. We were going to put on a play here in Fernland tomorrow but Queen Delphinia is gone to Helsop to visit Electra, so Phinn has ordered the crew to set sail for Manoa at sunrise.”
Shalin was happy to hear this news. “I was about to sneak out to empty my waste bucket. Do you want to go with me?”
“You should. It smells terrible. But you promised to show me your magic trick.”
“All right.” She pulled out a frayed silk ribbon from her pocket. “Are you familiar with silk?”
Nicu laughed. “Very familiar. My father arranges for shipments of silk from China, you know. Queen Delphinia is very partial to silk.”
Shalin nodded. “I do know, as it happens. This ribbon was a present from my Aunt Delphinia.” She began to pull apart the frayed strands of silk. “The silk fibers are very thin but very strong.”
Nicu watched her carefully, no doubt wondering what this had to do with the trick of the levitating feather.
Shalin pulled a strand free and held it up. “You see this?”
“Not really,” Nicu said. “It is too dark.”
“Exactly the point,” Shalin continued. “Now, hand over your feather.”
Nicu searched through his pockets and produced the feather.
Shalin reached out for a bit of melted candle wax and rubbed it onto her finger.
“Now, watch carefully.” She appeared to stretch and yawn, raising her hand above her head. “What did I just do?”
“You stretched and yawned,” Nicu said, leaning forward.
“Correct, but I also anchored my invisible silk thread to the wooden beam above my head. I pressed it there with a bit of melted wax.”
Nicu’s mouth fell open as the magic trick revealed itself.  He touched the wooden beam that ran under the ship’s deck above them and felt the small lump of candle wax. “And now you are fixing the other end of the thread to my feather.”
“Exactly. I enclose the feather in my hands and recite the magic spell. Then, voilà! I take my hands away and the feather floats in midair.”
Nicu laughed. “Did Phinn teach you this?”
Shalin sidestepped the question. She did not know if Phinn might have thought of this trick or not. But it was a close cousin of the tricks he used to fly fairies and elves through the air with black wires against a black curtain backdrop. She nodded at Nicu. “You must have seen how Phinn flies fairies through the air with Smiles pulling their wires behind the black curtain.”
“Yes, of course. I should have figured it out myself. I intend to become a spy like my father, you know. This is the sort of thing a spy should suspect.”
Shalin was glad he did not suspect she had done the trick the first time by using her calling powers. It was bad enough that he suspected her of being demon spawn.
“You should tell Phinn about silk in case he does not already know,” Shalin suggested.
Nicu shook his head. “You should tell him. You thought of it.”
Shalin shrugged. “Perhaps we could come up with a more elaborate version and both show him.”
Nicu’s eyes grew bright and Shalin knew she had made a friend.
“Let’s get your bucket out of here first.” Nicu wrinkled his nose. “It really stinks.”

Shalin and Nicu opened the closet door and Nicu stepped out slowly, searching the corridor for any insomniacs who might be about. They tiptoed to the stairs, Shalin following Nicu with her bucket of waste. 
“Be careful,” Shalin whispered. “The third stair squeaks.”
Nicu stepped over the third stair to the fourth. Shalin did the same.
Nicu held up his hand. “Let me check on deck first. It won’t matter if anyone sees me.”
Shalin hung back as Nicu popped his head up to deck level and swiveled his head back and forth. “All clear,” he whispered.
They stepped carefully to the ship’s wooden railing and Shalin upended the contents of her bucket overboard into King’s Lake. She took a deep breath of clean, fresh air and treated herself to the welcome panorama of stars twinkling in the open sky above.
“I wish I had some water to rinse out the bucket,” Shalin complained.
“Let me tie it to a line and we can lower it down to the water,” Nicu offered.
“All right, if you can do it quietly.” Shalin took the candle from him.
Nicu dragged over a rope and tied it to the handle of the bucket. As he began to lower it, the bucket bumped against the side of the ship.
They both froze.
After a moment of silence, Nicu continued to lower the pail until it bobbed on the surface of the water.
Shalin nudged the pail onto its side into the water with her mind. It filled rapidly and then hung heavy on the rope in Nicu’s hands.
Shalin felt too exposed on the ship’s deck to risk another bump as Nicu pulled up a full bucket of water. She called the bucket up to the surface of the water and nudged it sideways to empty.
Nicu stared down, wide eyed. “Did you see that?”
Shalin tried to mirror his surprise. “Must have been a fish bump. Pull it up quickly while it is still empty.”
Nicu managed to pull it up without any more loud noises while Shalin held the candle. She grabbed the handle of the bucket as it cleared the ship’s railing.
“I should probably go back to my hiding place,” she said quietly.
“Are you hungry?” Nicu asked.
Shalin shrugged. “I still have bread and jerky.”
Nicu waved her away. “You go back. I’ll bring us something from the galley.”

A few minutes later, Nicu opened the door to Shalin’s closet. He was smiling.
“I have apple juice and cookies.”
“You are a true magician.” Shalin returned his smile.

Chapter 21

Kingdom of Henge

Riding alone on horseback, Serafina returned to Henge two days after leaving Esme in Electra’s care. She noticed the royal family’s ship, the Kingdom of Henge, was missing from the harbor. Phinn must have already left for Manoa with the acting troupe.
Since she was not expected back, no one was there to meet her at the castle gate. She walked into the castle and found the dining hall empty. She continued on through the door to the kitchen and found Cook with her feet up on a table while she sat drinking tea.
Ebony, lying on a blanket in the corner next to the stove, stretched and got up to welcome Serafina. 
“Yer Majesty.” Cook’s face flushed with embarrassment. She stood quickly. Her teacup rattled in its saucer as she eyed her employer nervously. “I wasn’t expecting you home.”
“So I see,” Serafina noted. “Is Ebony sick?”
“No, yer Majesty. Shalin just asked me to keep an eye on her when she left for Helsop.” Cook shifted her head to look behind Serafina. “Where is Shalin? Did she stay behind in Helsop?”
Serafina tilted her head, puzzled. “She never came to Helsop.”
Cook’s face turned from a rosy flush to a pale white. “She didn’t?”
“No.” Serafina waited.
“But she said she was goin’ to go to Helsop. She took some food fer ‘er trip.” Cook’s hand went to her throat. “Where could she be?”
“When did she leave for Helsop?” Serafina asked.
“I guess about a week ago. It was the day before Phinn and the actors left for Manoa.”
“Did she have her father’s permission to leave for Helsop?”
“She must of. He’s not said anything about ‘er bein’ gone so she must’ve had ’is permission.”
“Where is Prince Blackwell?”
“He may be in his office but that’s not fer sure. He’s taken to hiding here and there about the castle ta keep away from ‘is father.” Cook blushed again.
Serafina found Prince Blackwell in the conservatory, crouching behind a lemon tree. He stepped quickly into view when he saw his wife.
“My dear.” He came toward her with his arms spread wide. “I am so happy to have you back. Have you brought both the girls home?”
“Neither, as it happens.” Serafina looked up into her husband’s eyes. “Esme has stayed on to study animal medicine and Shalin never arrived in Helsop.”
“Never arrived?” Prince Blackwell’s face showed his confusion. “Then where is she?”
“Were I to venture a guess, I would say aboard the Kingdom of Henge.”
“But, she left with two scouts. She claimed she missed you and Esme.”
“Did you see her leave with the scouts?”
Prince Blackwell seemed to be searching his memory. “No. I sent a message to Sergeant Smythe that she was to accompany the scouts.”
“Perhaps we should see what Sergeant Smythe has to say.”

Blackwell’s shoulders were stiff and his face tight with anger and fear as he and Serafina left for the army barracks.
Sergeant Smythe stood at attention when Blackwell and Serafina stepped into his alcove. His smile dissolved as he noted Prince Blackwell’s expression.
“Did Shalin not leave with the two scouts for Helsop?” Blackwell demanded.
“No… No,” Smythe stuttered. “She said she had decided to stay here in Henge until the panther was better. Said the big cat had turned sick.”
“And you did not confirm this with me?” Prince Blackwell moved forward in a threatening manner.
“No, I thanked her for letting me know so I could pass the message on to the two scouts what was waiting for her.”
Serafina put her hand on her husband’s shoulder. “Shalin tricked both of you. I have no doubt she stowed away on the Kingdom of Henge.”
Prince Blackwell slumped in defeat. He gave Sergeant Smythe a final withering glance and stepped out of the barracks. “I cannot believe she lied to my face.”
“Nor can I. She must have wanted to go very badly.”
“That is no excuse.” Blackwell took a deep breath and looked at his wife. “I think we should go after her. King Gundar may be in Manoa and I do not trust him.”
“Nor should you. I believe you are right. We will need a ship.”

When Serafina and Prince Blackwell walked back to the castle, Cook was there waiting for them.
“I almost forgot, yer Majesty, Shalin left this here letter to give you from Phinn before she left. Said she didn’t want ta take it to Helsop in case she might lose it on the way.”
Serafina took the little scroll and broke the seal. She read it over silently before looking at Prince Blackwell. “It is from Shalin.”
“What does she say?” Blackwell asked.
Serafina began to read the letter aloud.
Dear Mother and Father,
I am so sorry to have disobeyed you. I could not bear to see the Kingdom of Henge leave without me. I plan to stowaway on board and reveal my presence to Uncle Phinn after it is too late for him to turn back. Please do not blame Uncle Phinn. He knows nothing about my plan.
I promise I will be very careful and not use my powers unless I have to, and I will do whatever Uncle Phinn tells me to. I will come back with the ship so do not worry about me. And I hope you will not be too angry.
Your daughter, Shalin

Prince Blackwell shook his head. “I still cannot believe she has disobeyed a direct order.”
“A little rebellion is a normal part of growing up.” Serafina was not as upset as her husband, but did not say so.
“This is not a little thing,” Blackwell fumed.
“I suppose we will have to put your father in charge while we are gone.” Serafina wanted to leave the subject of Shalin’s disobedience before her husband became any angrier.
Prince Blackwell groaned. “Let us hope we do not return to find Henge at war with one of our neighbors.”
Serafina smiled. “Your father will no doubt be pleased at this new opportunity to raise havoc.”

Two days later the Jungle Queen came into port and Serafina and Prince Blackwell booked passage for Manoa.
 Old King Blackwell walked down to the pier to see them off. “Don’t worry about a thing,” he shouted as the ship slipped away from the dock, “Henge is in good hands.”

Chapter 22

Village of Helsop

Esme and Dag watched as Fang bathed her last pup with her tongue. The other puppies had all found new homes in the village. Esme’s wolf lay with his head on his front paws, watching every move the pup made.
“I will be leaving for Fernland in the morning.” Esme’s eyes were also fixed on the pup.
“I know.” Dag, too, watched the pup. Neither he nor Esme seemed inclined to look at one another.
“I did try to have you included, you know. But Electra said you are too young. They are sending Tandor along. I do not know why. I am sure Queen Delphinia intends to keep me with her at the castle or send royal guards with me if I venture into the forest to try to find my wolf’s pack.”
“Are you still bent on trying to find your other wolf’s killer?” Dag asked.
Esme didn’t answer. She could see that Dag was against the idea by looking into his mind. She shrugged.
Dag tossed a bit of venison to Fang, who caught it in the air and gobbled it down.
Electra came into the kitchen followed by her elder son, Gregor. She flashed a smile at Dag and stepped aside to allow her son to stand beside her. “Gregor has something he wants to ask you.”
Gregor looked at Dag with a hopeful expression. “I would like to have your last pup.” He glanced at his mother. “I would take good care of her.”
Dag raised an eyebrow. “Are you sure? She is the runt of the litter, you know.”
Gregor nodded. “I am sure.”
“Then she is yours.” Dag’s eyes lost their focus for a second as his thoughts turned inward. “I just had a thought, though, about the wolf.” Dag put his fingers to his mouth as he worked through his sudden inspiration.
Electra tilted her head, watching. “What is your thought?”
Dag picked up the puppy and watched how the wolf’s eyes followed his movements. “If Esme’s wolf sees the new pups his pack has produced, he will want to rejoin them, even though he is old now and might not survive another winter. I could take Fang and the pup along when Esme finds the pack. The wolf will be torn between staying with his pack and staying with Fang and the pup. He might choose to stay with the pup which would mean he could stay here in Helsop while Esme studies medicine.”
Esme sat up straight. “That could work!” Esme turned to her cousin. “What do you think, Electra?”
Electra nodded. “I think it might work.” She nodded again, slowly. “Would that be all right with you, Gregor? It would mean waiting a bit to have your pup.”
Gregor nodded. “My pup would be happier if the wolf stays, too.”
Electra smiled at her son. “All right, then. I will speak to Mother about it. There should be enough room in the royal coach for one more. Fang and the pup could ride up top. You will need your father’s permission of course.” She looked at Dag.
“I will ask him now.” Dag whistled for Fang to follow him with her last pup.

The next morning Esme and Dag said their goodbyes and joined Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey in Fernland’s red and gold coach, pulled by four strong black shire horses.
“We will have your new, ah, tools, ready soon,” Dagon told King Geoffrey. “I will deliver them myself to Fernland.”
“And Electra, you must come along as well,” Delphinia called out. “And Gregor and Soren, of course.”
Electra smiled and waved as the driver snapped the reins and the royal coach rolled away.

King Geoffrey looked at the young man seated across from him in the coach. “You are Dagon’s nephew?”
“Yes, I was named for him, but my name has been shortened to Dag to avoid confusion.”
“I understand it was your dog that saved the life of Esme’s wolf,” Delphinia said.
“Her name is Fang.  I believe it was more likely her puppies that gave the wolf back his will to live.”
“Amazing, how like people animals can be, is it not?” Delphinia asked.
Esme looked at her Aunt Delphinia with a confused expression. “How else would they be?” she asked.
Delphinia laughed. “I do not know. Like animals, I suppose.”
Esme opened her mouth and closed it again. She could see from reading her aunt’s mind that Queen Delphinia had no idea how much people and animals had in common. Instead of trying to explain, she made a slight detour in the conversation. “I plan to study animal medicine when I return to Helsop.”
Delphinia frowned. “I know you do, my dear, and I feel you may be choosing a dangerous path. One of our own animal practitioners was kicked by a horse. He never regained all his faculties. Animals can be so unpredictable, especially when they are ill or wounded.”
Esme pursed her lips. “They are not unpredictable if you know what they are thinking.”
“Ah.” Delphinia smiled. “Sometimes I forget. You see pictures in their minds. I wondered if your powers might possibly fade as you grew older.” Her face was a question mark.
“I do not believe they have faded as yet.” Esme sensed that her aunt was uncomfortable about accepting her powers. “Though I have promised not to use my powers unless it is absolutely necessary,” she added.
“You have?” Delphinia appeared shocked. “Who have you promised? Your mother?”
Esme smiled. “No, my father. He imagines no one will want me as a wife if my powers are common knowledge.”
King Geoffrey made a harsh noise which might have been a cough but sounded more like a suppressed laugh.
“Excuse me,” he said, as though it had been a sneeze.
Delphinia appeared to be mulling over Esme’s disclosure as she gazed out the window of the coach. “I do not know that his worry is justified; however, I am glad the promise has been made. My only worry is that someone may attempt to abduct you to try to force you to use your powers to satisfy their own greed.” She paused. “But of course they already have. Do you remember being abducted by those religious men when you were very young?”
“The Silent Men? Yes, I remember. They were the ones who gave me my wolves. They were really very kind to me.”
“Kind or not, it was a terrible thing they did,” Delphinia said with a stern face.
“I promised them I would return one day.” Esme wondered if the Silent Men still considered her their goddess.
King Geoffrey turned around with an angry frown. “Promises made to kidnappers have no standing.”
Esme was not sure if they were still talking about the Silent Men or if they were now speaking of her mother, Serafina. She chose not to read anyone’s mind to find out. “What is in the basket?” she asked.
Delphinia picked up the basket that lay on the floor between the seats. “Food, of course. I brought some snacks for our journey. Who is ready for a sweet roll?”
“I wouldn’t say no.” Dag gave the basket his full attention.
“Nor would I.” Esme was happy to leave the subject of her powers and her kidnappers behind.
King Geoffrey held out his hand and Delphinia placed the first sweet roll in his open palm.

Chapter 23

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin heard the soft knock on the door to her closet and opened it a crack. She saw Nicu’s face and quickly pulled him inside. He had never come to see her during daylight hours before.
“Is something wrong?” she asked.
“No,” he whispered. “We saw birds migrating this morning. We may change course to follow them. Phinn has called a meeting to discuss it.”
Shalin nodded as she considered this new information. They were ten days sail past Lands End, probably too far to consider turning back, and exploring islands in hopes of finding signs of ancient civilizations was what she had risked her father’s wrath to do. She wanted to explore any new lands that might provide a clue to her ring’s origin or purpose.
“Thank you for telling me. I believe it is time to come out of hiding. Where is the meeting to be held?”
“In the galley.” Nicu looked at Shalin with a sympathetic expression. “Do you want me to go with you?”
“No, that might cause trouble for you. They do not need to know that you have been helping me. You go on ahead to the galley. I will be along soon.”

Shalin stood outside the galley door, taking deep anxious breaths as she listened to the discussion taking place inside. The smell of cooking food bolstered her resolve. Though she feared her uncle’s anger over what she had done, she was very hungry.
She heard Bear’s deep voice. “I say we go to Manoa first an’ look for islands comin’ back. What’s one flock ‘a birds tell us?”
Her Uncle Phinn spoke up next. “What do the rest of you think?”
Trixie’s high soft voice floated out. “Could be pirates an’ such on some ‘a these islands, don’t ya think?”
Tom spoke up. “We’ve got ta look fer ‘em sooner or later. Why don’t you decide, Take – I mean Phinn.”
“Sure,” Smiles’ booming voice exclaimed. “Makes no never mind to us—now or later.”
Shalin took advantage of the lull in the discussion to make her entrance. Her fellow actors sat on curved benches, huddled around the galley’s small wooden table.
Phinn glanced at her and smiled, then whipped his head around again to stare at her. “Shalin – where did you come from? How did you get here?”
Shalin looked properly contrite, lowered her eyes and confessed, “I stowed away.”
“You did what?” Phinn looked stunned.
Shalin looked up at her uncle. “I am sorry but I wanted to come with you all so desperately that I stowed away in a closet and waited until we were too long at sea to turn back before showing myself.”
“But wha—what will your parents think?” Phinn stuttered.
“I left them a note begging their forgiveness and telling them not to blame you.”
“Lucky that.” Juanita wore a wry expression.
Phinn clamped hands at the sides of his head, as though his head might otherwise fly away. “Shalin, this was a crazy thing to do. Your father may think you have been kidnapped!”
“Father will see the note is written in my handwriting. He knows how much I wanted to go. He will know it was my idea.”
Phinn shook his head sadly. “This puts me in an awkward predicament. I truly do not know what to do. I should probably turn back to Henge.”
Shalin brought her hands up over her heart. “Please do not turn back. They will be no more angry to see me later than sooner. Perhaps less so.”
Phinn rested his face on his fist, breathing out loudly through his nose. He shook his head. “I can’t believe you did this, but in that, I suppose you are right. Later might be better than sooner.” He leveled his gaze at her. “How have you survived ten days in a closet?”
“I brought food and water. I came out every night to empty my waste bucket. I—I did not want you to find islands without me.” 
Phinn waved her into the galley. “You must be very hungry. Come sit down and have a hot meal.”
Shalin exchanged a furtive glance with Nicu and took a space on the bench beside Angie, who immediately began to fuss over her.
“You poor thing. All alone in a dark closet all this time. And just to be with yer ol’ friends.”
“So what about going to the islands,” Esmeralda demanded. “Does finding our little stowaway change that?”
Phinn thought for a moment. “If anything, it makes it more important that we return to Henge with good news. I think we should follow the path of the birds we saw this morning for a day or two at least, and see if it brings us to any white-capped isles.”
Peaches leaned toward Shalin and giggled. “White-capped means covered with bird poop.”
Shalin smiled and spooned hot soup into her mouth.

Two days later, Shalin, now moved into a cabin with Trixie, heard footsteps running on deck and shouts of  “Land ho.”
Trixie jumped up from her bunk. “They must ‘a found an island. Let’s go take a look.”
Shalin was up and dressed in a flash and hard on Trixie’s heels as they ran onto deck.
Before them rose a small island, a green jewel in the vast blue sea. The cliffs of the island were bathed in white, and brightly colored birds flew from the cliffs to the sea and back. As they came closer, Shalin could see that the birds returned to the cliffs with fish in their beaks, no doubt to feed the young that waited in nests cut into the cliffs.

The ship’s captain, Captain Hardy, joined Phinn at the bow. “I think it best if we circle the island to see if there is a landing site,” he advised. “If there is a beach on the other side, we can lay anchor and row ashore for a closer look.”
Phinn nodded his agreement as he tried to estimate the island’s avian population.
Shalin was so excited she ran from one end of the boat to the other, trying to see whatever she could of the island. She almost collided with Nicu, who seemed just as excited.
“I know how to swim.” Nicu looked down at the clear green water covering a coral reef below. “We could swim ashore from here.”
“Let us wait and see if we might be allowed on the shore boat first.” Shalin did not want to cause her Uncle Phinn any more anxious moments.
“Yes, all right,” Nicu agreed as he climbed higher on the railing. “But if not, we could swim.” He turned to look at Shalin. “Can you swim?”
“I can,” Shalin assured him. “But I do not want to cause Uncle Phinn more worry. I am already on shaky ground, I fear.”
Nicu shrugged, apparently willing to risk Phinn’s censure.
The lee side of the island offered a sandy beach and the Kingdom of Henge put down anchor about one hundred yards offshore.
Phinn gathered everyone around him. “I will take Bear, Smiles and Lars to make sure there is nothing dangerous ashore and if all looks well, any who wish may follow. We may be able to take water aboard if there is a spring.”
“I will take my bow and quiver—just in case,” Lars said.
Shalin was able to convince Nicu to wait for the next trip to shore, but only barely.
“If that boat isn’t back here in the next half-hour, it’s boy overboard.” Nicu was already sitting on the ship’s railing, ready to jump.

Chapter 24

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Only Captain Hardy remained aboard the Kingdom of Henge. Everyone else had been anxious to go ashore and see what the unknown island had to offer. As the acting troupe gathered on the beach of the small island, the crew went in search of a spring to fill their water barrels. Shalin and Nicu slipped away as Phinn and the acting troupe were engaged in a discussion of the island’s potential as a guano source for Henge. 
Shalin could see at a glance that scraping the guano from the steep cliff faces would be difficult and dangerous, but she knew Phinn would still want to examine the deposits thoroughly before making his report to Prince Blackwell.
“This is a small island,” Shalin told Nicu. “If we hurry, we should be able to go all the way around before they are ready to leave. They will not leave without us in any case.”
Nicu seemed as eager as she was to explore. His curly-topped head swiveled from one direction to another, examining the possibilities.
“Shall we start with the cliffs?” he asked.
“No, Phinn will want to go there first to check the depth of the guano. Let us go along the beach as far as we are able. We can look for any old ruins.”
“Why?” Nicu asked.
Shalin shrugged. “People may have lived here. Old civilizations.”
Nicu gazed out with a doubtful expression. “Who cares?”
Shalin could see she needed to find something of interest to Nicu. The thought of ancient civilizations was evidently not his particular cup of tea.
“There may have been pirates – perhaps buried treasure,” she suggested.
“Mayhap a sunken ship?” he asked, his eyes sparkling with excitement.
“Perhaps.” Shalin’s tone was noncommittal.
Shalin looked past Nicu to see a small person staring at them. “Is that Drake?” she asked.
Nicu turned to look behind him. “Drake? Is that you?”
Six-year-old Drake came towards them, looking behind several times to see if anyone was following him.
“Does Juanita know where you are?” Nicu asked.
Drake shrugged and dragged his toe in the sand as he drew near.
“Will Uncle Phinn come looking for you?” Shalin asked.
“Mama said I could play in the sand,” he murmured.
“We plan to go around the island.” Shalin looked down at her shy cousin. “I do not think your mother would want you to go with us.”
“She said I could go with you,” Drake claimed.
Shalin could see he was lying, even without reading his mind. She could also see how desperately he wanted to go with them. “You may come as far as the beach goes, but when we begin to climb, you must go back.”
Drake’s face brightened as he fell in beside them.
“We are looking for hidden treasure and sunken ships.” Nicu spoke firmly to show he was in charge of the mission.
Drake’s eyes grew wide and a smile flashed across his face.
The three hiked off, Nicu following the line of wet sand and dodging waves to peer out into the shallow reef that ringed the island.
At the far edge of the beach a grassy hill sloped gently upwards.
“You should go back now.” Shalin tried to sound very severe. “We will tell you if we find any sign of pirates after we circle the island.”
Drake nodded and walked back a bit as they began their trek up the low hill.
“We will have a good view down into the water from up here,” Shalin told Nicu. “It is very clear. We will be able to see any sunken ships.”
Nicu kept an eye on the green water below as they walked.
“Snake!” Shalin cried out, stopping so abruptly that Nicu bumped into her.
Before them a reddish-brown snake slithered through the green grass. It had a dark stripe running down its length with brown stripes encircling it every inch or two.
“I do not know this snake.” Shalin watched it closely for any signs of aggression. “It may be poisonous.”
Nicu followed it at a short distance until it picked up speed to make its escape.
They passed two more similar snakes before they reached the beginning of the steep rocky cliffs. Strident bird chatter surrounded them as they neared the cliff face.
Shalin stepped carefully onto a ledge that ran along the cliff about half way to the top.
An outraged puffin blocked her path. The bird stood about a foot tall with a black feathered back and head offering a sharp contrast to its white feathered belly. Its feet and beak were bright orange. The dry grass of its nest was lodged in a crevice behind the bird and a small black chick peeked out of the nest.
“We should go another way around.” Shalin backed away slowly. “This ledge is full of nests.”
“Let me see.” Nicu slipped past her.
Nicu peered at the nest and reached for the chick, but Shalin quickly pulled him away. “If you touch it, the parents may abandon it,” she warned.
Nicu reluctantly backed away. As they turned back to scale the hill to the top of the cliffs, they saw a child-sized shape hiding behind a bush.
“Drake, is that you?” Shalin demanded.
Drake reluctantly stepped out from behind the bush.
“Uncle Phinn will be angry with us for taking you along without asking permission.”
Drake looked down at the ground. “I will tell him I followed you.”.
“I am already in enough trouble for being a stowaway,” Shalin murmured.
“I will go back,” Drake offered.
Shalin shook her head. “We are already more than halfway around the island. “Will you be able to keep up?”
Drake smiled and nodded.

They climbed to the top of the hill and treaded their way carefully above the steep cliffs that housed what looked to be thousands of puffins guarding their nests or diving into the reef for food.
The puffins near the top of the cliffs had larger nests set into burrows. Passing an unguarded nest, the three explorers came across one of the dun-colored snakes downing a puffin egg. Nicu and Drake stopped to watch, fascinated, as the snake’s mouth unhinged and opened wide to swallow the white speckled egg.
Shalin could see their ship anchored just offshore. The shore boat was already carrying two passengers back to the ship.
“Time to go.” She pushed the two boys past the grisly scene of the egg-eating snake. “There go Bear and Peaches back to our ship. Juanita is likely wondering where you have gotten to, Drake.”
Drake looked down at the shore boat and frowned. “Could we take the snake?” he asked.
Shalin shook her head vigorously. “I do not think your mother would see that as a good thing.” 
The two boys left reluctantly and joined Shalin in a race over the hill and down to the beach.
Shalin scanned the hill for any signs of past habitation but saw nothing to indicate anything but birds and snakes had ever lived here.
By the time they reached the beach, they could hear Juanita and Phinn calling for their son.

Chapter 25

Castle in Fernland

Esme tried to pay attention as her Aunt Delphinia explained the advantages of silk material over satin.
“Now you see I would not dare run my ringed fingers over satin as I do silk. It would surely snag and the threads pull out. But silk…” Delphinia caressed a bolt of light green silk with loving fingertips. “Silk is surprisingly strong for its weight. It is both cool in summer and warm in winter.” She stopped to gaze out the window. “How I wish I were privy to the secret of its creation.”
A gentle knock on her bedroom door interrupted her thoughts. “Yes, you may enter,” she called out.
Daisy, her chief lady-in-waiting, opened the door and stepped in. “His Majesty the King has asked me to inform you that riders have been spotted by guards stationed at our eastern outpost. They have signaled riders approaching from the east. King Geoffrey believes it is likely Bataar of Barburee with some thirty or so companions.”
Queen Delphinia dropped the bolt of silk onto her bed. “Bataar? Is he expected?”
Daisy avoided Queen Delphinia’s eyes. “His Majesty thinks Prince Avor may have mentioned something about an upcoming buzkashi match.”
“And he neglected to tell me? How am I to prepare a proper welcome with no notice?”
Daisy looked down at her feet. “It will likely be several hours before they arrive.”
“How many hours?”
Daisy looked up at her mistress. “Five.”
Queen Delphinia put both her hands atop her head. “Five?” She took a deep breath and turned to Esme. “My dear, we may have need of your particular powers if we are to put together a proper banquet for thirty guests plus our own ambassadors in five hours.”
Esme giggled. “I am at your service.”
“Come along then. Our first stop will be the kitchen where we will meet with Chef Cristo.”
As they walked downstairs to the kitchen, Delphinia continued to complain at the thoughtlessness of her son and husband. “It would serve as an example to them both were we to offer our guests tea and toast with so little warning. If only Take and his acting troupe had not moved to Henge.” Delphinia looked at Esme. “I mean Phinn and his acting troupe, of course. Does he ever hint at moving back to Fernland?”
Esme waited a second to be sure Delphinia expected an answer. “He does speak of you fondly. He credits you with his initial success. I am sure he would come here to perform if you asked him.”
“Perhaps if I were to have more than five hours’ notice, such a request might be possible,” Delphinia muttered.

Esme sat on a kitchen stool as Delphinia and Cristo put together a menu for the night’s dinner. She welcomed this intrusion by Bataar and his men. Perhaps this would provide the distraction she needed to slip away into the forest with Dag and Tandor to find her wolf pack and her dead wolf’s killer. She had heard Electra speak of buzkashi matches as bloodbaths and her brother Avor’s obsession with the sport as a death wish.
“What do you think, Esme?” Delphinia’s voice broke into Esme’s reverie.
Esme quickly read her aunt’s mind. Would lamb be a dish they would welcome or one that was too much of an everyday dish for nomadic herdsmen to be special enough for a banquet.
“I believe they would be comfortable with what they are accustomed to,” Esme answered, hoping her reply would fit whatever question her aunt had asked.
“Yes, I agree.” Delphinia smiled at her niece. “They do seem to be quite set in their ways. I knew you would be a help to me.” 

That night at dinner, Esme managed to sit near Dag even though she knew if Delphinia noticed her, she would insist Esme sit closer to the head of the table.
Esme leaned close to Dag and whispered, “There is to be a buzkashi match. I think it might be the perfect time for us to escape to the forest with my wolf.”
Dag’s face lit up. “A buzkashi match! I have always wanted to see one. Electra says they are bloodbaths.”
“Could you keep your voice down.” Esme frowned. “That is the only reason I might be excused from watching. This is the best opportunity afforded yet in the seven days we have been here.”
Dag frowned as well and replied in a gruff whisper.  “But how often does one get the chance to watch a buzkashi match?”
“You may attend if you wish. No matter that you brought your dog and her pup all the way to Fernland to dissuade my wolf from rejoining his pack.”
Dag breathed out in a huff. “Don’t get into a temper about it. I will go if you can manage it. But I am sure Queen Delphinia will assign a royal guardsman to watch over you if you try to go into the forest.”
“Not if she is too preoccupied with other thoughts,” Esme implied in a portentous tone. 
“You plan to put other thoughts into her mind?” Dag asked.
“Only if it becomes necessary.” Esme turned her attention to her soup.
At that moment Esme saw her Aunt Delphinia stand up and look down the long table. When she spotted Esme, she motioned for her to move closer.
Esme sighed and waved at her aunt. “We will speak later,” she told Dag as she vacated her seat.
Esme took a seat across the table from Bataar.
“This is my niece, Princess Esme.” Delphinia introduced her to Bataar affectionately. “She is visiting from Henge.”
Bataar nodded at Esme.
“Esme, this is our honored guest, Bataar, son of the Great Khan of Barburee.”
“I am pleased to meet you.” Esme dipped her head respectfully.
Bataar nodded again and spoke to Prince Avor beside him in the Barburee tongue.
Esme could sense that Bataar had hostile feelings about Henge. She remembered her mother, Serafina, saying something about a failed attack on her person by soldiers from Barburee a long time ago. Before Esme was born.
Avor and Bataar continued to speak rapidly in the Barburee tongue, which was quite impolite given Bataar was a guest at Fernland’s castle.
Esme could feel Bataar’s hostility grow as the two conversed.
Bataar looked at Esme with cold black eyes. Esme shivered a little at the emotion she read in his mind. This man had only now met her and already he wanted to kill her.

Chapter 26

Castle at Fernland

Today was to be the first of the buzkashi games between Fernland and the Barburee team that had come to visit on Prince Avor’s invitation. 
Queen Delphinia sat beside Esme’s bed, her hand on Esme’s forehead. “I do not believe you have a fever, but there must be some reason for your stomach pains.”
“I am sure it is just indigestion.” Esme clutched her midsection as though in pain. “I would go with you to the buzkashi match if I did not feel the need to stay close to a chamber pot.”
Delphinia sighed. “I wish I could stay behind with you. I have no wish to view the afternoon buzkashi match. I only hope there will be no serious injuries.”
“I suppose as Queen, your presence is required.”
“Yes, unfortunately.” Delphinia looked again at Esme, studying her face for signs of disease. “However, if your illness were to turn more serious…”
“I am sure it will not. I plan to stay in bed and perhaps work on my silk blouse if I begin to feel better.”
Delphinia nodded. “You have become such a good seamstress.” She smiled. “I, of course, take credit for setting you on that path.”
“As you should,” Esme agreed. “Were it not for you, I would likely wear the same leather tunic every day.”
Delphinia smiled, savoring the compliment. “Then I shall leave you in Daisy’s care. She will check on you from time to time.”
“Try to enjoy your day.” Esme gave her aunt a goodbye hug.

As soon as Delphinia left her room, Esme jumped out of bed. She put on her boots and leather vest – the clothes she used for walking in the forest – and watched at the window until Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey left for King’s Lake in the royal carriage. She made a sign to put on the door. “I am asleep. Please come back later.”
Esme fashioned a lump in the bed with her pillows should Daisy decide to peek inside the room. Then she hung the sign on the door knob on the outside of her door and listened for anyone coming.
She managed to leave the castle without being seen and ran to the barracks of the Palace Guard where Dag was sharing a space with Tandor, her wolf and Fang. It seemed everyone was down at King’s Lake for the buzkashi match. She walked down the hallway to Dag’s room and put her ear to the door to listen. Hearing no voices, she knocked softly and waited.
Dag opened the door and her wolf rushed out to greet her.
“Stay calm,” she cautioned her wolf and quickly went inside, closing the door behind her.
The small room had two cots and no windows, but a lamp offered a low light.
“Has Tandor gone to King’s Lake to watch the buzkashi match?” she whispered.
“Yes,” Dag said, “but only because he thought you would be going there along with Queen Delphinia. He thinks your life may be in danger.”
“From Bataar of Barburee?”
“Yes, how did you know?”
“I saw it in Bataar’s mind last night as he was speaking to Prince Avor. How did Tandor find out?”
Dag sat on one of the cots and motioned for Esme to sit on the other. “Tandor overheard Avor speaking to one of his soldiers. Avor said Bataar believes Serafina is a sorceress who can change into a panther. He claims to have seen this transformation with his own eyes. He says Serafina almost killed him in her semblance of a panther. Of course he was trying to kill her at the time. He believes you may have the same powers and thinks you should be killed.”
“That is ridiculous.” Esme decided Bataar had fabricated the whole story. “My mother has no powers. No one can turn herself into an animal.”
“The Barburee people are superstitious. Bataar may try to kill you just for being the child of a sorceress. Avor told his men to protect you for his mother’s sake.”
“Not for his own sake? He is my cousin.”
“Probably for his sake as well,” Dag added.
Esme could tell Dag said this to be kind. He did not really believe that Avor cared about Esme’s welfare.
Esme shook her head. “My mother has made some powerful enemies.”
Dag nodded. “And it looks as though you have inherited them.”
“Are you ready to go?” Esme asked.
Dag looked at Fang and her last puppy. “Ready, Fang?”
Fang wagged her tail, as anxious as the wolf to go outside.
Dag scooped up the puppy and they headed out of the barracks into the forest that surrounded the castle.
“I will put the thought of finding his pack into my wolf’s mind.” Esme stroked her wolf’s fur. “I am sure he will be able to find them if any are still alive.”

They had walked for over an hour through a lush green valley to the foot of a hill when Esme’s wolf started to growl. The hair on the back of his neck stood up as he sniffed a deer trail leading up the hill.
“We must be near the place where his brother was shot.” Esme knelt down and looked into her wolf’s eyes. “I can see it in his mind.”
They proceeded slowly up the trail, the wolf stopping to sniff every bush and rock they passed.
Fang joined the wolf in sniffing her way along the trail that was littered with deer scat. The puppy squirmed in Dag’s arms until he finally put her down to join the other two sniffers.
They reached the top of the hill and continued down towards another valley, this one a narrow strip of green split by a stream. From their height on the hillside, they noticed sheep grazing far down the narrow valley. A doe and her two fawns leapt into the brush beside the trail, surprised by the wolf and dogs that came upon them from a downwind direction.
Dag stopped to see what had been drawing the attention of the deer family. He frowned as he untied a white block out from the limb of a tree.
“A salt lick.” His voice communicated his disgust.
“They are not legal in the King’s Forest, are they?” Esme asked.
“No! And with good reason,” Dag added. “It is obvious some farmer or sheepherder is using this to attract deer. And there is only one good explanation for that. Poaching.”
“Do you think that flock of sheep down the valley belongs to the man who put up this salt lick?”
Dag chewed on his lower lip as he considered. “It would be stupid on his part if he did. Too obvious to put it this close to his grazing land. Besides, sheepherders usually do not lack for meat.” His face relaxed as he made up his mind. “My guess is that it was a farmer who put it up to lure deer here where he could kill them and blame it on the sheepherder if the salt lick was discovered.”
“Perhaps a farmer who has a grudge against this sheepherder,” Esme guessed.
“Perhaps.” Dag held the salt lick up to inspect it more closely. “And anyone who is willing to break the law to poach deer might also be inclined to kill the wolves that are his competition for venison.”
Esme nodded. “The wolves always stalk the deer trails.”
Dag nodded. “Of course.”
Esme pointed to the valley below them. “The clearing that I saw in my wolf’s mind looked very much like this valley.”
“Shall we try to find the spot?” Dag asked.
“I do not know. It would be hard on my wolf. I doubt his brother’s remains were left there to incriminate whoever killed him.”
“It would help us to know the truth if we could find the place where he was killed,” Dag said.
“Yes.” Esme put her arms around her wolf’s neck and hugged him. She placed the question in his mind. “Is this where your brother was killed?”
She felt the wolf stiffen in her arms. Then he began to walk slowly, bristling, down to the valley below. He stopped at the end of the trail at the valley floor, and raised his voice in a mournful howl.  A few seconds later a chorus of howls from atop the hill beyond the narrow valley responded.

Chapter 27

Forest in Fernland

Esme, Dag, Esme’s wolf, Fang and her pup and all splashed through the stream and started up the hill in the direction of the howling wolves.
“Do you think it is your wolf’s pack?” Dag asked.
Esme suddenly realized they would be in danger if it were not her wolf’s pack, and possibly even if it was, if the pack had been taken over by new alpha wolves. She searched her wolf’s mind for any clues.
Her wolf transmitted his eagerness to rejoin his pack to Esme. She felt no sense of caution on his part.
“I think it must be,” she decided.
They could not keep up with the energized wolf, which raced forward. Fang might have kept pace, but she would not leave her pup or Dag. Her loyalties were clear.
The little group hiked another half hour before they came upon the happy group of reunited wolves cavorting about in a small clearing in Fernland’s vast forest.
Esme’s wolf nosed the large wolf pups forward as the two humans approached.
“He wants me to see the new pups.” Esme knelt down to give each wolf pup her hand to lick and smell. “I always make a great fuss over them.”
Esme sat down on the mossy forest floor and picked up each new pup in turn, cradling it in her arms and burying her cheek in its soft fur. Her wolf watched intently, alert with his head held high.
“I believe he has made his choice.” Esme stood and dusted off her tunic. “He wants to rejoin his pack.”
Dag shook his head. “He will be in danger from the same person or persons who killed his brother. We should at the least report the salt lick to King Geoffrey.”
“What do you think King Geoffrey would do?” Esme asked.
Dag shrugged. “Perhaps only a fine. But if he sees evidence of poaching, likely the dungeon.”
“Then we must find evidence of poaching. I want to be sure the killer is not around to kill again.”
“If we go to find evidence, we may put ourselves in danger. In fact, if we do not return now to the castle, we will be missed and will be in trouble ourselves for coming out here on our own.”
“I do not care about that.” Esme raised her chin in a defiant gesture.
“You should,” Dag said. “You have lied about being ill. Why would King Geoffrey believe any accusations you made?”
Esme glared at Dag, knowing he was correct. “All right, we will return to the castle, but tomorrow morning I will come back with a palace guardsman to find this farmer. And if the guardsman refuses to arrest him, I will make sure myself that he does not kill again.”
Dag said nothing but Esme could see that he thought her threats mere boasting on her part.
Esme put a picture in her wolf’s mind of a section of the forest that lay far away from the valley below where his brother was killed. She was happy when she saw him turn in the opposite direction and lead the pack deeper into the forest.
Dag picked up Fang’s pup and nodded at the sky where the sun’s position signaled late afternoon. He began a measured jog down the hill. Fang and Esme quickened their pace to follow him.

With fast-beating hearts and weary legs, they reached the castle, glad to see the royal carriage had not yet returned.
“I will see you tonight at dinner if I am invited.” Dag found Esme’s eyes with his own. “If you arrange to go out tomorrow, try to include me.”
Esme nodded. “I will tell them my wolf escaped into the forest and I must go to find him.”
“More lies?”
Esme pressed her lips together in an angry frown. “Do you have a better idea?”
Dag smiled. “Tell them your wolf told you all about the salt lick.”
Esme had an angry retort ready when she saw a cloud of dust in the area of the drawbridge. The royal carriage. She turned and ran back to the castle steps.

Esme took the sign from her door and slipped quietly back into her room at the castle. After stripping off her muddy clothes, she bathed her face and body with water from a large jug. She pushed her dirty clothes under the bed and put on her nightgown. By the time Queen Delphinia came to check on her, she was back in bed.
“Are you feeling better?” Delphinia asked with concern.
“Yes, much better.” Esme pulled her cover up to her chin.
“Your face is quite flushed.” Delphinia rested her hand against Esme’s forehead. “And you seem overheated.”
“My appetite has returned,” Esme informed her aunt. “That is likely a good sign.”
Delphinia smiled. “It is, indeed. We have a lovely dinner planned. Many of the buzkashi players will be there.”
“Who won the match?” Esme asked.
“As usual, Bataar’s team won. But Fernland’s team scored two points and no one was seriously injured.”
“A good day, then.” Esme smiled.
“I suppose.” Delphinia seemed hesitant to call it good. “It is not the sort of entertainment I prefer, but it is wonderful to see Avor so happy.”
“I am going to get dressed and go over to the barracks to check on how my wolf is doing. I thought perhaps tomorrow I might take him into the forest to see if we can check on the well-being of his wolf pack. Perhaps one or two palace guardsmen could accompany Dag and Tandor and me?”
“Hmmm,” Delphinia murmured in a practiced tone of voice. “Let me suggest that to your Uncle Geoffrey. He may have an opinion as to the best way to proceed.”
“Yes.” Esme threw off the covers. “I will be anxious to hear his opinion.”
“Have you something nice to wear for tonight’s festivities?” Delphinia asked.
“I did not finish my silk blouse today as I had hoped,” Esme said. “I have a blue satin dress that might do.”
Esme looked at her sparse closet and brought out the blue satin dress for Delphinia’s inspection.
“This is quite lovely.” Delphinia tossed it aside. “I will send my seamstress, Daisy, by with one or two others so that you will have a few to choose from.”
“You are so thoughtful.” Esme pulled a cotton blouse and leather tunic over her nightslip. “As soon as I return from the barracks, I shall report to the kitchen to see if I might be of help.”
Delphinia laughed. “Come and find me instead. I will be with Daisy, deciding on what to wear myself.”

Esme ran down the stairs and out the door of the castle, turning toward the barracks. She wondered what Dag might have told Tandor by now. Hopefully not the truth, although she would not put it past him to do so. Dag could be so obstinate when it came to her schemes.
She nodded at the guard at the entrance to the barracks and he motioned her through, familiar now with the princess who visited her wolf every day.
Esme knocked lightly at the door to Dag and Tandor’s room.
Dag opened the door. “Tandor hasn’t got back yet. Have you arranged anything yet for tomorrow?”
Esme breathed out a tightly held breath. “I told Aunt Delphinia I was coming to visit my wolf. I plan to tell her he escaped when you took him out for a walk.” She fell silent then, waiting to see if he would agree to go along with this new lie.
Dag frowned and jerked his chin sideways in a motion inviting her into the room. “Where do you expect this lie to take you?”
“I tried telling Aunt Delphinia I wanted a palace guard to go with you and Tandor and me into the forest to check on the well-being of my wolf’s pack.”
“And what did she say?”
“That she would speak to Uncle Geoffrey about it.” Esme paused. “But I could tell she does not want me to go.”
“And you think telling her your wolf has escaped will change her mind?”
“I do not know, but I have to explain my wolf’s absence somehow.”
“I suppose that is all we can do for now.” Dag looked cross about the whole scheme.
“Are you invited to dinner?” Esme asked.
Dag shook his head. “Not as yet.”
“I will remind her to ask you.” Esme turned to go. “And thank you.”
“For what?” Dag asked.
“For not giving me away. I will try to keep my lies to a minimum henceforth.”
Dag grinned. “We would all be surprised and grateful for that.” 
Esme hoped Dag’s grin signaled his willingness to go along with her plan.

Chapter 28

Port of Manoa

Shalin stood on the deck next to Nicu and his grandfather, Shandor, as the Kingdom of Henge sailed into the port of Manoa. Phinn had decided they could not take more time looking for islands since the first small island of puffins and snakes had failed to reveal a spring. Concluding the wisest course of action would be to head for Manoa before they ran out of potable water, Phinn ordered the change of course. It had taken almost a week to get here, and they had begun to ration water two days ago, but now, finally, they had arrived safe and sound.
The great ship, King Gundar, sat at anchor offshore. Shalin knew Phinn hoped to avoid any arguments with the fiery king of Sandovia, while at the same time gathering information on the King Gundar’s current activities. King Gundar spent a great deal of his time in idyllic Manoa visiting his daughter. Her husband, Prince Gallos was the heir apparent to the throne, should King Shabas, his elderly father, die.
The three at the rail of the Kingdom of Henge watched as a carriage snaked down the hill from the castle. Shalin was surprised to see King Shabas step out of the carriage. Usually he sent his daughter-in-law or one of his sons to receive royal emissaries.
“That is the king of Manoa, come to greet us,” Shalin told Nicu.
“How do you know?” Nicu asked.
“I was here with my parents a long time ago. Back when Princess Elka and Prince Gallos got engaged.”
Shandor snorted at this comment. “With your mother, the great sorceress who threw me into the dungeon just for breathing the same air as Her Royal Highness?”
Shalin knew Shandor hated her mother and any mention of Serafina brought on another verbal tirade.
Shalin shrugged. “I am sorry she put you in the dungeon.”
Shandor scowled and spit over the side of the railing. “Not your fault, I suppose,” he admitted.
Shalin and Shandor had come to a tenuous truce due to their common interest in the acting troupe and, likely more important, his grandson’s growing friendship with the devil’s spawn, Shandor’s favored nickname for Shalin.
“King Shabas is very nice.” Shalin shaded her eyes to see if anyone else was in the royal carriage. “You will like him, Nicu.”
“Does he like actors?” Nicu asked.
“He seems to like everyone – even King Gundar. And almost no one likes him,” she added.
Phinn joined the three at the rail. “Remember, we are to pick up any information we can through conversations, but I don’t want the two of you,” he stared pointedly at Shalin and Nicu, “to try to uncover any secrets through any kind of sleuthing. It is much too dangerous and unnecessary. Are you clear on that?”
“Yes sir,” Nicu agreed, as Shalin chimed in with, “Yes, Uncle Phinn.”
“I will hold you to that promise,” Phinn looked down at the pair, no doubt trying to assess their trustworthiness. “As far as you are concerned, we are here to put on a performance as goodwill ambassadors. Nothing more.”
Shalin and Nicu nodded emphatically, having narrowly escaped punishment for taking off alone to explore the island of puffins.
Phinn continued to look at the two troublemakers and Shalin could see the quandary in his mind. “You know that Drake looks up to you both, but I can see how he would be a nuisance, being younger and all. I will tell him to stay clear of you both if that is what you want.”
Shalin could tell that his love for his shy son was such that he hoped they would include Drake in their activities and watch out for him. But he was right, at just six years old, Drake was more of a nuisance than a friend. “Perhaps we could include him sometimes,” Shalin offered.
Phinn smiled. “I know he would like that.”
The ship bumped them all into the rails as it nudged into the dock. Crew members threw lines and slid down ropes from the small ship to secure it at the dock. By the time the gangplank was lowered, the entire acting troupe was gathered at the rail, ready to disembark.
King Shabas waited at the bottom of the gangplank to welcome Ambassador Phinn and his wife, Juanita.
“We are so grateful for your visit.” King Shabas shook Phinn’s hand cordially. “Will you put on another of your great performances for us?”
“We have a new one ready to go,” Phinn told him. “Lots of magic. I think you will like it.”
“I am already certain of that.” King Shabas gestured with a wave of his hand toward the royal carriage. “We will take as many as will fit in the carriage up to the castle. The others can wait for its return or hike up the hill. We have rooms for all at the castle.”
“How thoughtful of you.” Juanita smiled at the elderly man. “Manoa is our favorite place to visit.”
“You flatter us.” Shabas returned her smile. “But we love flattery. Now who will join an old man in the carriage?”
Phinn laughed. “I will, of course. Juanita, you must come along with Drake. I will let the others know they have rooms waiting for them at the castle.”

A short while later, the acting troupe was scattered around the city – some taking in the marketplace at the docks, some making the climb to the castle, exploring along the way.
Shalin, Nicu and his grandfather, Shandor, walked through the waterfront stalls until they came to a vendor who sold musical instruments. Shalin tried out a variety of flutes while Shandor inspected the violins. He picked up a small bow that would fit Nicu’s fiddle and asked the price. Nicu looked on hopefully.
“Perhaps tomorrow,” Shandor told the vendor, returning the bow to the table.
Shalin suspected he wanted to keep his money in reserve in case he was forced to buy his own wine while ashore.
“I think he will buy it for you,” Shalin whispered to Nicu. “King Shabas will give him all the wine he wants for free, so he will not need money for that.”
“That might not be such a good thing.” Nicu’s face held a worried expression.
“We will watch that he doesn’t drink too much,” Shalin said after reading Nicu’s mind. She thought to herself, I must put a suggestion into Shandor’s mind when he has had enough.
After a day exploring the city, the acting troupe met up for dinner at the castle.

Princess Elka arranged for dinner on the veranda, putting several small tables together to make one long enough to accommodate her family and the whole acting troupe.
“It is such a nice evening.” Elka looked out at the colorful sunset. “I thought we should take advantage of the view from the veranda.”
“And you have fresh mangoes,” Juanita exclaimed. “We are all so fond of them.” She eyed the bowl of sliced orange fruit eagerly, as did several of the other actors.
“Yes, please have all you want – they grow in abundance here as you probably remember,” Elka reminded her guests.
The dinner conversation was relaxed and amiable until King Gundar spoke up. “Do you ever entertain in Fernland?” he asked Phinn.
The question seemed innocent enough, but all the actors were suddenly alert and on guard.
“We do, on occasion” Phinn replied. “Most of us are originally from Fernland, of course, and Queen Delphinia is always keen to have us visit.”
King Gundar laughed. “Ah, yes, Queen Delphinia – Queen of Silks—I have heard her called. I guess that new ship the King Geoffrey goes often to China, bringing back silks and other things – if you take my meaning about ‘other things’.”
“I wouldn’t be knowing what the King Geoffrey carries,” Phinn stated.
“Then you would be the only one not knowing.” King Gundar laughed with gusto at his own clever jest. “King Geoffrey must be having quite a surplus of ‘other things’ by now.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Phinn insisted.
Shalin could read King Gundar’s mind quite easily. He was trying to push Phinn into admitting that King Geoffrey now had a surplus of the exploding white powder, but Phinn would not be pushed.
King Shabas’s second son, Prince Manos, who served as Manoa’s ambassador to foreign kingdoms, interrupted. “I have often thought of traveling to China myself. But now that the war between the Great Khan and the Chinese Emperor has begun, it seems too dangerous. Have you ever thought of taking your own ship there?” he asked King Gundar.
“I am considering it.” King Gundar still clung to his playful mood. “Perhaps I should tag along beside the King Geoffrey the next time it sails.”
This will not be news Father will want to hear, Shalin thought to herself.

Chapter 29

Castle at Manoa

Princess Shalin, assigned a private room at Manoa’s castle, reviewed the dinner conversation in her mind as she unpacked her nightdress and the costumes she would wear the next day. King Gundar had suggested he might accompany King Geoffrey’s ship on its next voyage to China. Why would he broadcast his intentions to the acting troupe? Phinn would certainly tell Prince Blackwell and perhaps King Geoffrey as well. Why not keep it a secret? Was he hoping Phinn would tell King Geoffrey? Was he trying to see what kind of reaction it would bring? King Geoffrey’s son, Prince Avor, had a substantial Army and Navy now. Perhaps Gundar was afraid to shadow Fernland’s ship without testing the waters first.
Shalin, still awake and alert, knew she was not ready for sleep. She wondered if Nicu was still awake as well.
She cracked open the door to her room to peek out. The hallway was empty. Nicu was assigned a room with his grandfather. She could knock on his door pretending to be nervous about tomorrow’s performance. Perhaps ask a question about the music. She knew they were in the room at the top of the stairs.
She knocked softly on the door, hoping Nicu would answer.
Nicu opened the door quietly. He put his finger to his lips and came through the door into the hall, closing the door silently behind him. Shalin was happy to see he had not yet changed out of his daytime clothes.
“Grandpa’s asleep. He drank a lot of wine at dinner.” Nicu tilted his head with a questioning glance. “Are you on your way somewhere?”
Shalin admonished herself silently. I should have watched over Shandor’s actions more closely. “I wondered if you might know where King Gundar’s room is.”
“No, and even if I did, I would not go there to listen at the door, if that is what you had in mind.” Nicu frowned at her.
Actually the thought had crossed Shalin’s mind. “I thought I might explore a bit. I’m not sleepy yet.”
Nicu’s face brightened at the idea. “We could go to the kitchen. I wouldn’t mind another pudding if they have one left.”
“Good idea,” Shalin agreed. “There’s always gossip in the kitchen and no one pays attention to children.”
“My father says that’s the best way to be a spy. Listen to the gossip and appear disinterested.” Nicu opened the door quietly to make sure his grandfather was still asleep. The snoring noise from within reassured them both.

As Shalin and Nicu neared the door to the kitchen, Princess Elka came out.
“Oh.” She seemed surprised but happy to see the two children. “Let me see if I remember. You are Princess Shalin, daughter of Prince Blackwell and Serafina, is that correct?” she asked pointing at Shalin. “And you,” she pressed her fingers to her lips as she gazed at Nicu, “No, I give up. I cannot remember your name.”
“I am Nicu, son of Muller the Spy and grandson of Shandor, the fiddle player.”
“Of course, now I remember. We all adore your grandfather’s music. And you play as well, do you not?”
“I am learning. My grandfather is teaching me.”
“How lovely.” She turned back to the kitchen door. “They are still cleaning up in the kitchen. Could I have something sent to your rooms, perhaps?”
“No, but thank you.” Shalin smiled before continuing. “I like to cook myself. I just wanted to ask your cook about the ingredients of one of the dishes we ate tonight. Would that be all right?”
“Yes, of course.” Elka waved her hand at the door to the kitchen. “Pella will be pleased. It is not often that our guests show such appreciation for her cooking.”
Shalin nodded. “Thank you.”
“I wish you good night then. I need to check on the children before I go to bed.”
“Good night. We will not stay long,” Shalin assured her.

Pella made a great fuss over Shalin and Nicu. “I remember when you came here, Shalin, you and your twin sister, Esme. You were just a little bit of a thing, but you did love mango jam. And you, Nicu – you’re the very image of your grandpa. I’ll bet you will be a great fiddle player just like him.” Pella lowered her voice to a whisper. “So tell us, what have you got planned for us tomorrow? More of those flying fairies, I bet.”
Nicu pursed his lips. “I’ll give you just one hint. There’ll be a lot of magic tricks.”
Pella clapped her hands together as Flora, one of the cleaning girls, came through the door.
“Flora.” Pella gestured for her friend to come closer. “Nicu here just told me we can expect a lot of magic tricks in tomorrow’s show.”
Flora sighed. “I don’t know as we’ll be having a lot of time tomorrow to spend at the performance. King Gundar just told me he wants us to provision his big ship tomorrow for a long voyage.”
“King Gundar? You mean he’s finally going back to Sandovia?” Pella asked.
“No, I don’t think so.” Flora leaned in closer to relay her fresh bit of gossip. “He said his son, Prince Oswald, will be taking the big ship out.”
“Prince Oswald, is it?” Pella looked around the freshly cleaned kitchen and frowned. “Then let’s get a start on it tonight. I don’t intend to miss the show tomorrow, no matter who’s going where.”

Nicu and Shalin raced up the stairs to Shalin’s room.
As soon as the door was closed, Shalin turned to Nicu. “Do you think Oswald is on his way to Fernland?”
Nicu shrugged. “I don’t know. Oswald is Sandovia’s ambassador; just like Manos is Manoa’s ambassador. And Phinn is Henge’s ambassador. It seems like the second royal son always gets that job. He could be going anywhere, I suppose.”
“Gundar knows we are leaving tomorrow after the performance.” Shalin tried to tie together what they knew so far in her mind. “Do you suppose he is sending Oswald to follow us?  Maybe he said all that about following King Geoffrey to China just to throw us off the track of what he is really doing.”
“It could be, I guess. King Gundar is sly like a fox.” Nicu thought for a moment. “But why would he care where we are going?”
Shalin shrugged. She did not want to tell Nicu that Phinn was really looking for a new supply of niter, not fertilizer. “Should we tell Phinn?” 
Nicu shrugged. “No reason not to. We overheard it while we were in the kitchen. He said anything we overheard was all right, as long as we didn’t go investigating on our own.”
Shalin nodded. Of course they had gone investigating on their own, but they could have just wanted a late snack. “Yes, I think it would be safe to tell him. But it can wait until morning.”
Nicu yawned. “Good, because I’m getting sleepy. Are you ready for tomorrow?”
“Yes.” Shalin could not keep from yawning herself. “I think everyone here will like the performance.”
“Me, too.” Nicu opened the door and peered out at the empty corridor. “See you in the morning.” He slipped away down the dark hallway.
After Nicu left, Shalin, still excited about their discovery, stood at the window looking down on the city of Manoa. She could see people in the courtyard loading provisions into the royal carriage, likely to be stowed aboard the great ship King Gundar. What were King Gundar and Prince Oswald really up to? 

Chapter 30

Castle at Fernland

Esme ran up the stairs of Fernland’s castle as fast as she could and burst into Delphinia’s bedroom where Daisy was busy buttoning a long row of ivory buttons down the back of the Queen’s red silk ball gown.
“I will not be able to attend dinner tonight.” Esme gasped to catch her breath.” My wolf has escaped into the forest. I must leave at once to find him.” She turned to go as her Aunt Delphinia’s expression turned to horror.
“Wait!” she shrieked. “You cannot go into the forest alone at night.”
“I must,” Esme pleaded. “I cannot have him shot again.” 
Delphinia tripped on her gown in an effort to get to her niece. Esme turned back to help her up.
Delphinia put her arms around Esme, whether to hug her or restrain her was not clear.
“My dear, I promise you we will send out palace guards tomorrow at dawn to find him. No one could find a wolf in the forest at night. You must be able to follow the tracks. No one will kill your wolf at night. How could they? He will be safe until morning, I am sure of it.”
Esme pretended to calm down a bit. “I suppose you are right in that. No one hunts by night.”
“Of course I am right.” Delphinia loosened one arm to put her hand over her fast beating heart.
“But I must go with them at dawn. My wolf will not follow anyone else’s commands.”
Delphinia frowned. “I suppose not. But he did choose to run away. How did that happen?”
Dag took him out for a walk as usual. My wolf likes to be with Dag’s dog, Fang, and her pup. He loves the pup, especially. But this time my wolf smelled something in the air. He put his nose up, took a deep breath and took off running. Dag knew he could not keep up and he didn’t want his dog to follow so he brought them back into the barracks.”
“I suppose you want his dog and pup to accompany you then, when you go looking for the wolf.”
“Yes, you are wise in thinking that would help to lure him back.” Esme sensed that her plan was working.
Delphinia sighed. “We will speak to King Geoffrey at dinner tonight. Given the situation, I am sure he will agree to it.”
Esme brightened. “Shall I go tell Dag and Tandor to be ready to leave at dawn?”
Delphinia shook her head. “You must dress for dinner. Daisy has left some possible gowns in your room. I will send a messenger to the barracks to let them know they are invited to tonight’s festivities. We must wait on King Geoffrey’s decision before doing more.”
Esme kissed Delphinia’s cheek. “Thank you, Aunt Delphinia.” She sighed dramatically. “You have kept me from doing something that was likely foolhardy.”
Delphinia hugged her niece. “That is what aunts are for.”

Esme looked at the silk gowns spread out on her bed and chose a green one that matched the color of her eyes. She felt guilty for deceiving her aunt, but knew Delphinia would never allow her to go into the forest without being pushed to do so. She took some care with her hair and pulled her dirty clothes from beneath her bed. She would need them cleaned to wear tomorrow morning. Putting the clothes in a sack, she left for the laundry.

The laundry room smelled of moist soap. Besides their regular loads, the staff had the dirty uniforms of two buzkashi teams to wash. Esme found a girl about her own age folding clothes and putting them in piles. The girl looked at Esme’s elegant silk gown and piled up hair. She curtsied to be on the safe side, though it was obvious she did not know who Esme was.
“I am Princess Esme visiting from Henge.” She held up her sack of dirty clothes. “I need these cleaned and back in my room before dawn. Is that possible?”
“Of course, Your Majesty.” The girl curtsied. “Which is your room?”
“Up the stairs, turn right, third door on the left. And thank you. I appreciate it.”
The girl blushed as she took the sack. “I’ll see to it myself,” she promised.

Esme passed by the kitchen on her way to the formal dining hall. She knew that tonight’s dinner was to be an important affair. Servants and kitchen helpers were speaking loudly as they rushed to and fro. Pots clanged, dishes rattled, and wonderful aromas wafted through the open door.
From the servants’ entrance, Esme entered the great hall outside the dining room. A trio of musicians played a lively refrain but the music was drowned out by the conversations of a hundred or more assembled guests, most of whom were strangers to her.
Bataar and Prince Avor laughed together amongst a group of men Esme supposed were buzkashi players. She turned away from them before any could notice her. She saw Dag and Tandor just entering the hall and walked quickly in their direction.
“You are invited to dinner.” Her eyes twinkled mischievously.
“Was that you’re doing?” Tandor asked.
Esme knew Tandor liked to avoid formal dinners. He preferred to take his meals with other soldiers in the barracks.
“I am sorry, yes; I suppose I am at fault. I asked that you be included in the group heading out at dawn to look for my wolf and that reminded Delphinia that you should be invited to dinner as well.” 
“Why are you heading out at dawn to look for your wolf?” Tandor asked.  “Dag said your wolf chose to rejoin his pack.”
Dag shrugged. Obviously he had to explain the wolf’s absence to Tandor somehow.
“I need the palace guards to discover the forbidden salt lick and to go on to find the person responsible for placing it there. Otherwise my wolf and his pack are still in danger from whoever shot him and killed his brother.” She paused. “So I might not have told the whole truth.”
“What part did you fail to mention?” Tandor asked, frowning.
“That Dag and I went out today and already found the salt lick and were there when my wolf chose his pack over me.”
Tandor’s icy expression seemed to thaw a bit over her last words. “He is a wolf, you know. Not a dog.”
“I know, but that does not mean I should not care if someone kills him. He is my wolf.”
Tandor looked down at his feet as he thought. “So you plan to lead the palace guards to the salt lick and then detour their attention to the person responsible for placing it there? They are supposed to be looking for your wolf. How do you propose to convince them that some possible poacher is become more important than their assigned task of retrieving your wolf?”
“I will think of a way.” Esme felt obtaining Tandor’s support would be the last hurdle she had to overcome. “Will you help me?”
Tandor shook his head. “I will not help you in your deceit, but I will not point it out unless I have to.”
“Thank you.” Esme clasped her hands together and smiled. “I think you may actually enjoy dinner. It smelled superb as I passed by the kitchen.”

Chapter 31

Castle at Fernland

The laundry girl had made good on her promise to drop off her cleaned hiking clothes. Esme was up and dressed before dawn. She had slept well with a full stomach after the celebratory dinner held to honor the buzkashi teams. 
Esme sat far away from Bataar and Avor at the dinner, not wishing to pick up on any more of Bataar’s thoughts about her family. Luckily there were enough dignitaries at the table to allow her to sit further away from the Royal Family than usual, though not so far away as Dag and Tandor. But she was able to tell them that she had been given permission by King Geoffrey to search for her wolf.

Esme left her room in the castle before breakfast and joined Dag and Tandor outside the barracks. They huddled together in the cool morning air, waiting for the palace guardsmen to arrive.
“What do you plan to do when we find the wolf pack?” Tandor asked Esme.
“I suppose I will just say my wolf does not want to come back with me. It will likely be obvious to them. We should find the salt lick before we find the wolf pack.” She hugged herself to stay warm.
Tandor frowned and said nothing more.
 Two palace guardsmen rode into the courtyard leading three saddled horses as the sky in the east turned from grey to pink.
“We are tracking a wolf?” One of the guardsmen said to Tandor.
“Yes. Not to kill it but to return it to its owner, Princess Esme.” He nodded in Esme’s direction.
The guardsman looked at Esme with a skeptical expression, but was too well trained to make a comment.
The second guardsman spoke up. “We have brought mounts for everyone.” He looked down at Fang and her pup. “Are the dogs going too?”
Esme nodded. “The dog is a friend of my wolf. She can follow his scent.”
The first guardsman looked even more skeptical. “We are ready when you are.” He motioned toward the saddled horses.
Dag carried the pup with him as he mounted one of the horses. Esme waited until Tandor chose a mount and took the one that was left, a small gray mare.
Dag dangled a blanket from his horse and said “seek” to Fang, who seemed confused by the command. Esme put a picture of her wolf into Fang’s mind and the dog took off at a trot.
Esme couldn’t help herself. She was curious by nature. She rode up beside Dag and asked in a low voice, “Does Fang know what ‘seek’ means?”
Dag frowned. “No, of course not, and I wish you would quit involving me and my dog in your fibs.”
Esme smiled. “Your dog knows what it means now. Is that even the blanket my wolf slept on?”
“Might have been. I brought it to wrap the puppy in if she falls asleep.”
“I have a good feeling about today.” Esme ran her hand down her horse’s long neck. “By tonight we should have a wolf killer in the dungeon.”
“I don’t have the same feeling.” Dag’s expression was sullen.
Esme rode on ahead, deciding she would leave Dag to his bad mood.

By mid-morning they were close to the spot on the trail where they had found the salt lick the day before. Esme dismounted, complaining that she needed to walk off a cramp in her foot. Dag dismounted as well to let the pup down with her mother for a time.
The other men followed suit, dismounting and walking their horses along the narrow deer trail through the forest. When they reached the tree with the salt lick, Esme put her hands up and stretched, turning her head back and forth as though loosening kinks. She looked at the place they had found the salt lick and then looked again. It was gone.
Trying not to panic, she looked back at Dag and put the thought into his mind. The salt lick is gone!
Dag walked up to join her and stood gazing at the empty branch. The thoughts running through Dag’s mind were easy for Esme to read.
Whoever put it here must have been watching us. He has removed it.
Esme said softly, “This is the right tree is it not?”
Dag nodded, and looked around slowly. “He could be watching still. What do you want to do?”
Esme was too upset to think clearly. “I do not know.” Tears began to gather around her eyes and she quickly brushed them away.
“Get back on your horse,” Dag whispered. “We will ask the guardsmen to question the sheepherders down there in the valley about seeing a wolf in the area. We might be able to ask a few questions of our own without arousing suspicion from the guardsmen.”
Esme sniffed back her tears and nodded.

They rode into the valley below the deer trail and Esme was relieved to see that the sheep were still grazing at the far end of the valley above the creek.
Esme hailed one of the guardsmen. “Let us ask those shepherds if they have seen a wolf in the area.” 
“All right.” The guardsman turned to shout at the man behind him. “Leo, let’s go across the valley and ask if those sheepherders have seen a wolf go through.”

The two shepherds turned out to be boys about Esme’s age. They had a sheepdog that barked loudly and lunged menacingly at Fang. Dag dismounted and stood beside his dog to calm her.
“Did you see a wolf come through here yesterday?” Leo asked.
“Might of,” the older of the two boys said. “Saw a real big dog, might’ve been a wolf, come through yesterday with a dog and a couple people.”
“This would have been a wolf by himself, maybe taking a look at your sheep?” Leo suggested.
“Didn’t see any lone wolf, but heard a bunch a’ wolves howling.”
“Did you see anybody else?” Esme asked.
Leo gave Esme an annoyed glance, no doubt perturbed by her foolish question, but she persisted. “Maybe someone who comes by often that we could talk to about seeing a lone wolf?”
The two boys looked at one another. Esme sensed that they had seen someone but were reluctant to name him.
“Does your father own this land?” Esme asked.
The boys shook their heads, relieved to change the subject.
“Who does own it?  Where do you live?” Esme asked, in as cordial a voice as she could manage.
Leo threw her another pointed glance. His patience was wearing thin.
“We live next valley over,” the elder boy said. “Jasper Smith owns this land. He’s our grandfather.”
“You live with your grandfather?” Esme asked.
The boys nodded as Leo turned his horse back the way they had come. “We have taken up enough of your time.” Leo led his group back across the valley.
Dag fell in beside Esme. “We have a name now at least. We can ask around, see if any neighbor has a grudge against Jasper Smith.”
Esme sighed. “They saw us yesterday. I wonder if they knew we were the same people.”
“If they did, we are lucky they did not tell the palace guards,” Dag whispered.
“We have to find a way to come back and speak to the boys again,” Esme decided.
“What makes you think they know something they aren’t telling?”
“How do you think?” Esme asked.
“Right, you read their minds. Did you happen to get a name?” Dag asked with a touch of sarcasm.
“No, but I think if we came back alone they would tell us. They were wary of speaking in front of Palace Guardsmen.”
Dag shook his head slowly. “I don’t see Delphinia giving us leave to come back alone.” 
“Nor do I.” Esme tried to think of a new plan but nothing came to mind. “But there must be a way. We did it once.”
Dag frowned and nodded. “And you see where that got us.”

Chapter 32

Castle at Manoa

Phinn and his acting troupe put on the same play they had rehearsed in Helsop. Though the play had been meant to be performed in Sandovia, due to the newly discovered depletion of guano in Manoa, the acting troupe’s mission had been redirected. Finding a new source of guano in the islands off Africa was their new priority.  So far, their search had not borne fruit, or guano, in this case.
Shalin pondered all this in light of what she and Nicu had overheard last night in Manoa’s kitchen. Since King Gundar did not know the white exploding powder could be refined from fertilizer, and he did not know Phinn had been assigned the task of finding a new source of guano, why was King Gundar’s son, Prince Oswald, rushing to provision Sandovia’s great ship, the King Gundar, in the middle of the night? Was it just a coincidence that the acting troupe was scheduled to leave today?
Shalin tried to grasp King Gundar’s strategies. He had put in place a reward for anyone who found the source of Henge’s supply of the exploding white powder. But he must suspect that source to be in Henge since he had not made the connection between guano and exploding niter. Perhaps he already had spies in Henge who had reported that there was no mine in Henge that would account for the white powder. If that were the case, then he would next assume that the powder was being brought in from somewhere else. The only ship that Prince Blackwell owned was Phinn’s ship, the Kingdom of Henge.
Shalin nodded her head slowly as she looked out over the city to the harbor at the sea’s edge. Oswald must be planning to follow the Kingdom of Henge, hoping to catch them in the act of bringing the white powder aboard. Then he would know the source and could tap it for himself.
Shalin ran from her room to knock on Phinn’s door.
Juanita, Phinn’s wife, opened the door. “Shalin, come in. I have not ceased hearing compliments on our performance. I believe we made quite an impression on the folks here in Manoa with our play.”
Drake looked up at Shalin from his place on the floor. He seemed to be in the middle of a game that involved magnets.
Shalin nodded. “I think you are right. King Shabas said the lonely old sorcerer was his favorite new character.” 
“He likely misses his wife very much.” Juanita’s voice was sympathetic.
“I need to speak to Phinn. Nicu and I heard something last night that might be important.”
Juanita stopped her packing. “What?” 
“The kitchen staff was working late to provision the King Gundar for a long trip. We saw them loading the royal carriage with supplies to be loaded aboard. Prince Oswald intends to leave today just as we do.”
“That is quite a coincidence, isn’t it?” Juanita sat down beside her trunk on the bed. “Why do you think it is important?”
Shalin did not want to go over her reasoning with Juanita only to repeat it to her Uncle Phinn. “I am not sure, but I thought I should tell Uncle Phinn.”
“Yes, you should, though I don’t see what we could do to prevent it. Would you like me to come with you?”
Shalin shook her head. “No need, just tell me where to find him.”
“He is out in the courtyard where we put on the play, helping to pack up the props.” Juanita turned back to her packing of clothes and sundries.
“May I go with you?” Drake asked, brushing his magnets aside.
Shalin shrugged. “If it is all right with Aunt Juanita.”
Juanita smiled. “Yes, please take him. He has been asking to go outside but I did not want him to go alone and I am too busy to take him.”
Drake jumped up. “Should we take Nicu, too?”
Shalin smiled. “I suppose we should at that.”

The two made a quick detour to Nicu’s room and found his grandfather playing a lively tune on his fiddle.
“Is Nicu here?” Shalin asked.
“Do you see him?” Shandor stopped in the middle of his tune.
Shalin sighed. Shandor still treated her as an enemy. “No. Do you know where he is?”
Shandor shrugged. “I thought he was likely with you. Since he is not—he could be anywhere.”
“Sorry for the interruption.” Shalin closed the door quietly.
“Doesn’t Shandor like you?” Drake asked as they hurried down the hall.
“He hates my mother and calls me Demon’s Spawn,” Shalin explained.
“Are you?” Drake asked. “Demon spawn?”
Shalin laughed. “You know my mother very well. She is your aunt. What do you think?”
Drake hesitated. “She is a little scary sometimes.”
Shalin stopped and took a deep breath. “She is not a demon and I am not Demon’s Spawn. All right?”
“All right,” Drake agreed.

They found both Nicu and Phinn in the courtyard pulling down the temporary stage and bundling it up for transport to the ship.
Phinn wiped his face with his sleeved arm and looked at Shalin and his son. “Have you come to help?” he asked.
“Of course” Shalin smiled. “But I have something to tell you, too, unless Nicu already has.”
“About the King Gundar getting ready to leave?” Phinn leaned against a cart full of props.
Shalin nodded. “Yes, the timing seems suspicious.”
“My understanding is that he takes the big ship back and forth constantly, carrying produce to Sandovia and bringing coal and silver back to Manoa and ports along the way.”
“But this time it is only Prince Oswald leaving and he decided to leave the same day we did and had the kitchen staff rush to provision his ship during the night.”
Phinn tilted his head. A teasing smile played about his mouth. “Why do you suppose that is?”
“I believe he means to follow us. I think he believes we will lead him to the source of our exploding powder. Then he can take some himself and they will no longer have to buy it from my father.” Shalin waited while Phinn considered her words.
“It is possible, but even if he does follow us we will not lead him to our source of white powder, which as you know, is here in Manoa.” He said these words very quietly lest someone else overhear them.
“Not anymore,” Shalin whispered. “The guano here is nearly gone. If we do as we planned and seek out a new source of guano, we will be leading him directly to it.”
“But he would not know that,” Phinn insisted.
“We cannot assume that Prince Oswald is completely stupid,” Shalin argued. “He may be capable of seeing a connection in time.”
Phinn pursed his lips. “We should know fairly soon if he intends to follow us. The King Gundar is too big a ship to miss. He will have the harder job of keeping up with our faster ship.” Phinn smiled. “In the meantime, Bear could use some help with those cables, I think.”

Shalin, Nicu and Drake set to work winding up ropes and cables to be transported to their small ship, the Kingdom of Henge. They took on extra barrels of freshwater and boxes full of Manoa’s produce as well as the normal ship’s fare of dried meat and hardtack.
By early evening they were ready to leave. With promises to return soon and stay longer, they said goodbye to their hosts, Manoa’s Royal Family.
As they sailed out of Manoa’s harbor, Shalin was not surprised to see the great ship, King Gundar, weigh anchor and follow them out.



Chapter 33

At Sea on the Kingdom of Henge

By morning the King Gundar was nowhere to be seen. Shalin was a little disappointed. She was so sure she had been correct in her reasoning. But then, how could one ship follow another during the night’s darkness? Especially when those on the following ship had no idea where the first ship was going.
She joined the acting troupe in the ship’s galley and had a breakfast of fresh eggs and fruit. Nicu and his grandfather sat down beside her. “We saw the King Gundar following but it couldn’t keep up,” Nicu said.
“You saw it this morning?” Shalin asked.
Nicu nodded. “Just now, on the horizon. It’s not a fast ship.”
“How do you suppose Oswald knew what direction to take?”
Nicu shrugged. “He likely has the same charts we do.”
Evidently Shandor had been paying attention to their conversation because he interrupted. “All the ships follow the same course. They keep the coast of Africa just in sight.”
“But we will veer off to explore more islands eventually,” Shalin reminded him.
“And Oswald will veer off to head for Sandovia, eventually,” Shandor said.
Nicu gave Shalin a sly grin. “Unless he is following us.”
“Why would he want to follow us?” Shandor asked.
Nicu grinned as he glanced at Shalin. “To see where we are going?”
Shalin had been holding her breath, afraid Nicu might have caught on to the real reason Phinn was looking for guano. If he had, he might tell his grandfather. Most of the time Shandor was only concerned about wine and music, but he hated Serafina enough to use any secret information he might chance to hear against her, if he was able.
“I doubt he cares where we are going.” Shandor scooped a spoon full of egg into his mouth. “I don’t know why Phinn is so intent on finding fertilizer. The Royal Family in Henge would never dirty their hands growing crops, I’d venture.”
“Still, people in Henge have to eat.” Shalin hoped such an indisputable comment might end the discussion.
“I wouldn’t know about that,” Shandor grumbled. “Those of us who lived in Henge’s dungeon certainly were not eating.”
Shalin tried again to redirect this cantankerous conversation. “I wonder when we will reach our first island.” 
“We could ask Captain Hardy if we could look at the charts,” Nicu suggested.
“What a good idea.” Shalin stood up, ready to go straightaway. “Shandor would you like to come, too?”
“No, and don’t make a nuisance of yourselves. The captain has other things to think about.”
“We will not bother him if he is busy.” Shalin pulled Nicu away from his plate. “Right Nicu?”
“Right.” Nicu stuffed his remaining half biscuit into his mouth and stood up. “See you later, Grandpa.”
Shandor lifted his hand in a dismissive gesture. 
As Shalin and Nicu hurried out of the galley, Shalin whispered, “Your grandfather is not in a good mood this morning.”
“He drank too much yesterday and has a headache this morning. If he has a nap, he’ll feel better.” Nicu moved closer to speak directly into Esme’s ear. “But I think he bought my bow. I saw him hiding a package that had the right shape.”
“He did not give it to you yet?”
Nicu shook his head.  “He is likely saving it for a birthday present.”
Shalin considered her new friend. “You do show signs of following in your father’s footsteps and becoming a spy.” She decided it might be worth hearing his opinion. “Do you think the King Gundar is following us?”
“Yes,” Nicu said without hesitation. “I think Oswald means to follow us to Fernland and then follow King Geoffrey’s new ship to China. My father will want to know what he is up to.”
 “King Gundar did say that at dinner.” Shalin paused to think. “But we are not going to Fernland. At least not yet.”
“Let’s find out where we are going.” Nicu raced ahead to the Captain Hardy’s cabin.

The captain of the Kingdom of Henge was originally from Lands End. He had been hired by Prince Blackwell based on his extensive sailing experience. He knew Princess Shalin and Henge’s royal family, of course, but was not privy himself, to the royal family’s secrets.
“Good morning to you Princess Shalin and to you, young lad,” Captain Hardy said cheerfully as they stood in the open doorway to his cabin.
“Good morning to you, Captain.” Shalin smiled and pointed to Nicu. “This is Nicu, my friend from Fernland.”
“Ah, the young fiddle player if I am not mistaken.”
“That’s me,” Nicu pretended to draw an imaginary bow across an imaginary fiddle.
“Come in then, the two of you, and tell me what’s on your minds.”
“We wanted to see what a navigation chart looks like.” Shalin looked around the cabin for any clues to their destination.
“Oh? It’s a life at sea you have planned?”
“We’re part of the acting troupe, so I guess we will be at sea a lot,” Nicu hedged.
“I see. As it happens I have one right here in front of me and I am just now plotting a course, so gather around and I’ll give you both a wee lesson in navigation.”
The two children stood on either side of Captain Hardy, looking over his shoulder.
Indicating a group of irregular shapes on his chart, the captain said, “This is a group of islands that lay a bit off the coast of Africa. We don’t know much about them, whether they be inhabited or nay, but they’ve been sighted and a possible harbor marked on one, though we don’t know the depth of the water there. So this will be what we call a voyage of discovery.”
Nicu leaned so far over the captain’s shoulder, Shalin thought he might upset Captain Hardy’s chair. “Is that where we are headed?” Nicu pointed to the island marked with an X to show the location of the possible harbor.
“Aye, that is where we are headed and I’m just waiting for a little shift in the wind to make a turn to the west.”
“What if there are cannibals there?” Nicu asked.
“Cannibals?” Captain Hardy laughed. “Supposing they have not already eaten one another, I would say we had best be prepared to defend ourselves.”
“When do you expect we will reach this group of islands?” Shalin asked.
“I hope we will reach them today,” he said. “If not, I will put out the sea anchor tonight as I don’t want to run aground in the dark.”
“Did you notice the King Gundar behind us?” Shalin asked.
“Aye, Lass, we always keep track of the ships around us. We don’t wish to run into another ship.”
“Do you think they are following us?” Shalin asked.
“No, I think they are on their way back to Sandovia. Do you think they are following us?”
Shalin shrugged. “My father and King Gundar are not the best of friends.”
“All the more reason for them to keep their distance.” The captain smiled at his comment that was not entirely a joke.

That afternoon, Shalin heard the cries.
“Land ho!” “Land ho!”
She could hear the pulleys grinding under the weight of the ropes. The mainsail was coming down. Running for the stairs to the deck, she had to stop to wait her turn as the whole of the acting troupe converged at the stairwell.
Excited voices rose above the clatter on deck. “What is happening?” “Are we there?” “Is it a white-topped island?” “How big is it?”
When Shalin made it topside, she stared out at a beautiful island, a knoll of green vegetation and rocky outcrops in the midst of an aqua-colored sea. And the cliff rising up beside them was indeed white-topped. Since it was much too warm to be snow, it appeared they had found a new source of guano.

Chapter 34

At Sea aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin, Nicu and Drake ran along the portside deck as the Kingdom of Henge began tracing a slow circle around the island. Shalin wondered if there was any way to tell which island in the group of five this one was. Likely the captain would prefer to set anchor at the one marked with a possible harbor.
They passed by the high cliff, slowly coming round to a sandy cove where the waves broke with a measured regularity. Just past the cove, a rocky outcrop came into view. Many dark rocks jutted directly out of the water in ragged shapes. Captain Hardy gave the jagged rocks a wide berth. A long black sand beach edged with a tangle of greenery followed the outcrop in their changing vista. 
The captain called for depth soundings at regular intervals. As they passed the windward side of the island with its great mass of greenery, Captain Hardy waved for Phinn to join him at the helm.
Most of the actors, including Shalin, gathered with Phinn to hear what the captain had to say. “We will have to anchor out,” Captain Hardy told Phinn. I would say the cove or the long sand beach offer the best landing for the shore boat, but the waves are high. It will be difficult to return to the ship.”
“I suppose we will need to risk it,” Phinn decided. “The white cliff appears to be a migratory stopover. I can’t tell how thick the guano covering is without going ashore.”
“I could send a few of my crew ashore,” the captain offered.
Shalin knew the crew consisted of only five men, two of them quite young. She waited silently but her mind searched for ways that she might go ashore herself.
“No,” Phinn insisted. “I will take one crewman to row, and one other from the acting troupe, but this is a thing I need to do myself.”
Phinn looked at the actors and everyone knew he would choose Lars the Trader to go ashore with him. Lars had a broad range of experience and was in good physical shape.
“I will go,” Lars volunteered, “if no one objects.”
Shalin wanted to volunteer herself but knew it would only make her look silly and childish so she kept quiet.
Nicu moved up beside her. “How are we going to get ashore?” he whispered.
“I do not know. But we must, somehow,” Shalin whispered back.

They all watched as the shore boat was lowered and Bern, the strongest rower, climbed down the rope ladder followed by Lars and Phinn.
The trip ashore took very little time – the small boat riding with the waves and skidding ashore on to the black sand beach.
Bern stayed with the boat as Phinn and Lars picked their way over the rocks and began the climb up the guano-topped cliff. Before long the two men were lost from view as they took a curving route up the side of the high escarpment.

Shalin, Nicu and Drake sat close to the railing so they could keep watch.
“Perhaps the waves will grow smaller and we will all be allowed ashore.” Shalin looked down at the waves, wondering if her powers were adequate for such a vast undertaking.
“I think we could swim ashore,” Nicu suggested for the second time.
“How would we get back?” Shalin asked.
 “We could get back. We just have to time it right – between waves.”
“There might be a current.” Shalin sensed that there was, and it felt like a strong rip tide that could carry them out to sea.
Nicu watched the waves. “I could do it.” He sounded determined.
“Phinn would be angry.” Shalin knew she could not allow Nicu to try it; it would be much too dangerous. “He might not take you along on his next voyage.”
“Papa wouldn’t do that,” Drake objected, reminding them of his presence.
“He might.” Shalin knew the words that would convince Drake. “He might feel he had to—for  Nicu’s own safety.”
“Mayhap,” Drake allowed.
“Look.” Shalin jumped up and took hold of the railing to lean out for a better view. “I see them coming around the side.”
The two men stood on a ledge near the top of the bluff. They were looking in the opposite direction, pointing to something in the distance.
“They might be able to see the other islands from there,” Shalin guessed.

Everyone aboard watched an hour later as the three men pushed the small shore boat into the waves for the return trip to the ship. For a moment the small craft floundered at the crest of a wave and then the strong rowing arms of Bern righted the boat and they were through the breakers.
Juanita and Esmeralda stood at the top of the ladder to welcome their husbands back with hugs and kisses.
Phinn and Lars, exhausted but happy, turned to give a report. “The guano here is quite thin. It seems to be a stopover rather than a nesting area.” Phinn took off his wet shirt and put on the dry one his wife handed him.
Lar took up the story of their exploration. “While we were up top, the clouds lifted enough for us to see a bigger island off to the west.”
“Yes,” Phinn continued. “I think it is a better bet. It appears to be quite a large island, with a range of mountains.”
Captain Hardy looked out to the west where the sun sat just above the horizon. “We can hold a course by the stars.” He called out to his crew. “Weigh anchor. Heave to, Mates.”

The next day the actors brought their lunches up on deck so they could watch their ship’s progress toward the larger island. It looked to be large enough to support a city. 
“Do we know if people live there?” Shalin asked Lars the Trader.
Lars shrugged. “I don’t know, nor does the captain. But if there are people, I’ll be after trading with them.”
“Do you think they would charge us for the fertilizer?” Shalin asked.
“That depends on whether they know its worth.” Lars had a twinkle in his eyes as he looked out at the island ahead. “A tricky business, that.”
“We should pay them what it is worth to us, should we not?” Shalin asked.
Lars pursed his lips. “That is one way of looking at it.”
“What is another way?” Shalin could not seem to read Lars’ mind. His thoughts were too quick and fleeting.
“That would be paying them what it is worth to them.” Lars smiled. “Therein lays the art of trade.”

Halfway around the new island, Captain Hardy called for a sounding as he steered close to a protected inlet. The sails came down as the ship rocked gently in calm water. They slowly drifted toward the possible harbor, taking depth readings frequently. As they entered the inlet, the captain called out, “Drop anchor.”
A white beach ran along one side of the inlet and multi-trunked trees lined a swampy area on the other side
Phinn and Lars made the first short row to shore with Bern. As soon as they jumped ashore, Bern rowed back for the next group. Shalin and Nicu managed to squeeze in behind Tom and Angie. Bern pretended not to notice them crowding in out of turn as he made the quick trip to shore.
As the newly deposited visitors waded ashore, a man carrying a fishing net stepped out of the trees and onto the white sand beach.
Shalin could not tell who was more surprised – the man who lived there or the six visitors.

Chapter 35

Forest in Fernland

Esme, Dag, Tandor and the two palace guards resumed their trek along the deer trail after questioning the two young shepherds. Fang led the way. She seemed to understand the meaning of the wolf’s image which Esme had put into her mind. It was her job to track the wolf by his scent.  
As they reached the clearing where Esme’s wolf had joined his pack, Leo dismounted to read the tracks the pack had left behind.
“Lots of prints here,” he called out. “Large paw prints and smaller ones. Scat as well. He walked around the clearing picking bits of wolf fur from bushes and trees. As he approached Esme, his face took on a solemn expression.
“I’m sorry to tell you this, Princess, but it looks as though your wolf has rejoined his pack. I suppose we could follow and try to separate him to bring him back, but my understanding is that you have allowed him to remain with a pack for many years before he was wounded.”
Esme nodded. “Yes. It seems this was his reason for running away. I do not want to separate him from his pack if that is where he chooses to be.”
“Then I suppose our work here is finished.”
This last statement was posed as a question.
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “We may as well return to the castle, although if you would like to go on without us, we might stay here for a while in case my wolf is nearby and decides to come with me instead.” Esme tried to put a suggestion in Leo’s mind that leaving them was a good idea, but it did not work.
“Sorry, Your Majesty, but I have strict orders to return with the three of you, wolf or no wolf.”
Esme let out the breath she had been holding. “I see. Then of course we must follow orders.”

The ride back to the castle went more quickly than their ride out since they were no longer following a dog with her nose to the ground. Esme had no chance to speak to Dag about a new plan which was just as well since she had none.
When they reached the castle, Esme dismounted and handed her reins to Leo, but Tandor stayed mounted, saying he and Dag might have further need of their horses.
Esme waited impatiently until the two palace guards left for the stables.
“Why are you keeping your horses?” Esme asked Tandor.
“There is a man poaching deer in the King’s forest – not to mention hanging up salt licks and killing wolves. Thanks to your deceit, I cannot tell the palace guards about it, but I intend to put a stop to his poaching.”
“You cannot go without me,” Esme cried.
“I believe I can.” Tandor looked down at her. “What difference does it make to you who finds him?”
“He killed my wolf! I want to accuse him face to face.” Esme’s cheeks flushed with anger.
“You can accuse him face to face at his trial after I find proof of what he has done and report him to the Palace Guard.” Tandor looked back at Dag who sat quietly atop his horse, waiting to see where this argument would end.
Esme became even more enraged when she felt tears gathering in her eyes. This was no time to appear a child. She knew it would do no good to whine or say she had a right to go. She took a deep breath and tried without success to compose herself.
“You have a second horse. Perhaps I could go in Dag’s place.”
Tandor looked at Esme with consternation. “Surely you realize that no one cares if Dag goes. You are the one who is treasured by the king and queen. They do not want you looking for wolves or outlaws in the forest. It would be me headed for Fernland’s dungeon, were I to allow it.”
Esme’s shoulders sagged. Of course she knew all that. Tandor did not care that she was bereft about not being the one to find her wolf’s killer. She lifted her chin in a defiant manner.
“Fine, then. You go and find out who did this. I will go back to the castle and find some silk to sew.”
Dag gave Esme a sympathetic look. “Would you like to take care of Fang and the pup while we are gone?”
“Yes, I may as well care for them while I sew,” Esme’s voice was heavy with sarcasm.
Tandor, still mounted, flicked his reins, no doubt anxious to put an end to this drama. Dag followed with a small wave to Esme.

Esme picked up the pup and headed for the castle, confident that Fang would follow her. They walked up the castle steps, Esme kicking aside every pebble within reach; hoping no one she knew would see her tear-stained face.
A page she had seen before opened the door for her but did not speak to her. She had almost made it to her room when Queen Delphinia came out of the family dining room.
“Esme, you have just missed lunch. I am so glad you are returned. But without your wolf I see. Come back into the dining room. We will have something brought up for you. You must tell me everything that happened.”
Esme sighed and followed her aunt into the dining room.
“I am not very hungry.” She desperately needed some time alone to lick her wounds.
“You must be quite tired. I should not have allowed you to go so soon after being sick yesterday. Are you feverish?” Delphinia put her hand on Esme’s forehead, still red with anger.
“No I do not believe I am sick. Perhaps I could eat, after all.” Esme felt as though nothing could possibly go right today; even not eating was cause for more attention she did not want.
Delphinia pulled a ribbon attached to a bell to ring for a page as she looked at the puppy Esme was holding. “Is this your new puppy?” she asked gently.
Esme looked at her aunt with a defeated expression. “No, actually this puppy is meant to be Gregor’s. She is the last of Fang’s litter.”
Delphinia turned her attention to the dog sitting beside Esme. “And this is Fang? The mother of my grandson’s dog?”
Esme nodded. “Yes. Fang came along to remind my wolf that he has two families now.”
“But you did not find your wolf today. I am so sorry.” Delphinia spoke with great tenderness.
The care in her aunt’s voice was too much for Esme to be bear. Tears rolled down her face unchecked.
“Oh, my dear.” Delphinia pulled her niece into a hug. “Just because you did not find him does not mean he has come to harm.”
Esme tried to control her sobs but failed. “He is all right,” she stuttered between sobs. “He has rejoined his pack.”
“My poor dear. Is that why you are so upset?” Delphinia held her tightly with one arm and smoothed Esme’s hair with her other hand.
Esme decided that would have to remain the reason for her tears. She could hardly admit that the real reason she was crying was because she had been denied the opportunity to accuse her wolf’s killer to his face and perhaps do him bodily harm.

Tandor and Dag rode back to the valley where the two young boys tended their grandfather’s flock. Dag was anxious to question them further about any farmer thereabouts who might have a quarrel with the boy’s grandfather, Jasper Smith.
When they approached the flock of sheep, they found the boys eating lunch.
“Hello again.” Tandor dismounted and sat down beside the boys.
“Did you find your wolf?” The elder boy asked.
“No, but we think we know where he is,” Tandor said.
“Where is that?” the same boy asked.
“It looks as though he’s joined up with the pack,” Tandor said.
The boy nodded. “Heard ‘em howling.”
“How come you’re back then? For the third time?” The younger boy asked, grinning at his older brother.
“Second time,” his brother corrected.
The younger boy shook his head. “Third time.”
Dag dismounted and put his hand on the younger boy’s shoulder. “You seem to be very observant. Would you mind if we asked a couple questions about some of your neighbors?”
The younger boy smirked at his older brother. “Ask away.”

Chapter 36

Forest in Fernland

Dag smiled at the young shepherd who looked to be around ten years old. “What is your name?” he asked.
“I’m called Red, because of my hair.” The boy ran his fingers through his hair.
His hair was indeed a bright orangey-red shade and his face a mass of freckles. “Red, I see,” Dag continued. “We did pass by here yesterday and we noticed a salt lick in a tree back up in the forest on a deer trail. He pointed to the forest that began where the valley left off. Even though it was placed close to your grazing area, we doubted it was you or your grandfather who put it there.”
“Those are not lawful,” the older boy said quickly.
“You are right,” Dag agreed, “and you both seem like law-abiding folks. We think it might have been one of your neighbors who put it there. Maybe someone who isn’t too friendly with your grandfather and wouldn’t care too much if you and your family were the ones to take the blame for something you didn’t do?”
Red was already nodding, but his older brother remained cautious.
“We wouldn’t be accusing someone,” the older boy said. “We don’t know who put it there. Maybe you did.”
Tandor sat crossed-legged in front of the boys. “You are right not to accuse someone without proof. We would not act differently ourselves. But we believe someone has put a salt lick out to attract deer for the purpose of poaching. We intend to visit people in this area to look for signs of poaching. It bothers us that a person would try to make your family look guilty of putting out a salt lick by placing it close to your pasture. That is why we asked if anyone might have a grudge against your grandfather.”
Red stared at his brother, who stayed quiet. “You know Farmer Stone took grandpa to court the one time because the sheep were grazing onto his property.”
“That don’t mean he was the one did it.” Red’s older brother frowned.
“We would never accuse a man without proof,” Tandor assured the older brother. “If he took your grandfather to court that is public knowledge – something we would have found out anyway. But as long as we are out here, we may as well pay him a visit. Whereabouts does he live?”
Red pointed up the valley. “He has his farm up at the bend in the river. He’s likely out planting today.”
Tandor and Dag rode up the valley following the bend in the stream to a farm where a few trenches had been recently dug.  No one was working in the field, but the door of the shed next to a rundown cottage stood open.
“What shall we say when he asks what we are here for?” Dag asked.
Tandor shrugged. “Let’s ride on up the valley and come back at dusk to have a look at what’s in the shed. If we are caught snooping we can say we are looking for work.”
Dag nodded and they continued following the stream to the nearby hills where the stream fell to the valley in a small waterfall. They hobbled their horses to graze in the abundant grass and took out some jerky left over from their morning’s meal.
Dag bit off a piece of jerky. “What are we looking for?” 
Tandor thought for a moment while he chewed his jerky. “Could be drying racks for venison or the missing salt lick in the shed. That would be enough to report to the palace guard. They would have to take over from there. We have no authority here.”
Dag buttoned his jacket as the sun disappeared behind a hill. “He might be able to explain that away somehow.” 
“That’s as much as we can do,” Tandor decided. “And we’ll not mention speaking to the shepherd boys if we make a report to the Palace Guard.”
“No, of course not,” Dag agreed.

At dusk, Tandor and Dag saddled and unhobbled their horses, mounted up and rode slowly back toward the farm. No one was about, but the cottage glowed at its single window, lit from inside by a candle or lantern. They dismounted as they neared the cottage and led their horses as quietly as they could up to the darkened shed.
The door to the shed was no longer open, but due to a broken latch, they could see into the dim interior through the small open crack.
There was a pelt stretched out to dry on a rack inside the shed – a wolf pelt. Just as Tandor reached out to open the door wider, a man carrying a skinning knife came up behind them.
“Just what do you to think you’re doing here?” the big man asked in a harsh voice.

Esme waited outside the palace guard barracks for Dag and Tandor to return. She had Fang and the pup with her. Fang looked out at the same empty road that Esme’s eyes scanned. They could hear the chains rattle in the stillness of dusk as the drawbridge went up for the night.
“Where are you?” Esme whispered into the silence. They should have been back by now. Were they hurt? In trouble? Would anyone take notice? Should she confess all she knew to Uncle Geoffrey? Would he send soldiers out to find them?”
Esme stood waiting with the dogs on the steps of the barracks until a page with a worried expression found her
“Princess Esme?” he asked.
“Yes,” Esme said in a forlorn voice.
“Her Majesty Queen Delphinia has been looking for you. She sent several of us out to find you. Would you accompany me back to the castle, please?”
“Yes, of course.” She picked up the pup and followed the page back to the castle.
What would she tell her Aunt Delphinia? I will tell her only that I am worried. Dag and Tandor have ridden out somewhere and have not returned. That is the truth. If they are not back by tomorrow noon I will confess everything.
Queen Delphinia rushed out to take Esme by the hand. “Where have you been my dear? I have had the castle turned upside down trying to locate you.”
“I took Fang and the pup out to stay with Dag and Tandor but they are gone. They rode out into the forest and have not returned. I am a bit worried about them.”
“That is odd.” Delphinia stared out at the darkened forest. “Do you know why they went back into the forest or where they plan to go?”
“I believe they went back to the valley where my wolf joined his pack,” Esme admitted.
“Have you any idea why?” Delphinia asked.
“They said something about suspecting there was some poaching taking place.”
Delphinia looked quizzically at her niece. “But surely that is a matter for the Palace Guard to attend to.”
“They were not sure. They wanted more proof before they mentioned it to King Geoffrey or the palace guard.”
Queen Delphinia pursed her lips and wrinkled her brow. “I suppose we should mention this to King Geoffrey at dinner. They really should have told someone their plans before they went off alone into the forest. Are they accustomed to doing such things? I believe your friend Dag is still quite young.”
“Yes, they are accustomed to being in the forest,” Esme assured her aunt, “but if they have not returned by tomorrow noon, perhaps I should go out to make sure they are all right.”
“No need,” Delphinia said. “Geoffrey will send out a few of the Guard to check on them. You need not concern yourself further. Now come along, I have plans for dinner.

Chapter 37

Forest in Fernland

Dag and Tandor tried not to stare at the skinning knife in the farmer’s hand. The man held the knife against his wide waist. Certainly he was well fed but he did not appear soft. His arms were heavily muscled and his shoulders wide. He did not seem to be intent on skinning either of his visitors for the moment.
Tandor found his voice first. “We’ve come looking for work,” he managed to say.
“We are good with tools,” Dag added. “Have you anything needs sharpening or fixing?”
The farmer squinted his eyes as he appraised them. “Where are ye from? I’ve not seen ye around these parts ‘afore.”
“We come from Helsop.” Dag wondered immediately if it had been a mistake to tell him the truth.
The farmer tilted his head a bit, considering them. “You pair don’t look to be starving, and yer better dressed than them I’d expect from Helsop.”
Old impressions died hard, Dag thought to himself. Most people were not aware that Helsop was no longer a ragtag mob barely surviving on crumbs from Henge. Telling the farmer the truth about where they were from had made him suspect they were lying.
“I’ve got some tools could stand a sharpening,” the farmer continued. “How are ye at planting?”
Tandor spoke up with a warning look, which Dag took to mean he should refrain from giving out any more information. “We have no fertile ground in Helsop and the season is short.”
The farmer nodded, accepting the truth of this. “Not much to it. How about I give you a couple hoes and shovels to sharpen tonight and tomorrow I can show you how to plant.”
“That would be fine.” Tandor seemed to have regained his composure.
The farmer moved past them into the shed and opened the door.
Dag could see the skins of two deer stretched out to dry and the offending salt lick hanging down from a rafter.
The farmer brought out two spades, two hoes and a harrow, along with a sharpening stone, and closed the door to the shed behind him. “Shed’s pretty full right now,” he noted. “The two a’ ye can spend the night inside the cottage with me. I’ll fix ye up a bit a supper.”
Dag felt a little ashamed to be offered hospitality by a man they planned to turn over to the Palace Guard, but reasoned that the food he would likely offer them, venison, was not really his to give.
The three sat around a small table next to the fireplace inside the cottage where the farmer stirred a black kettle hanging over the fire.
“So what brings the two a ye down to Fernland looking for work?” the farmer asked.
“It was a cold winter.” Tandor made a point of holding his hands out to warm over the fire. “We thought we could come to a warmer place for a bit, and we wanted to take in the buzkashi match.”
The farmer’s face lit up with a smile. “You saw it? I was there. Those are some quick little horses those Mongols have. But Fernland held her own, don’t ye think?”
Dag had not gone to watch the game, having been out with Esme trying to track this very man down. He was glad she was not here now, bristling with fury over his killing of her wolf. She would likely dump the bubbling contents of the kettle over the farmer’s head.
The farmer scooped up three bowls of stew with a metal ladle.
Dag realized he was very hungry and blew on the stew to cool it as Tandor and the farmer went over the high points of the buzkashi match.
“What of Helsop?” the farmer asked. “Think ye could put together a team to play? I’d venture our Prince Avor intends to make this an annual event.”
“It could happen, I suppose.” Tandor sat back, more relaxed now. “Though most there have never seen a match, I’d venture.”
“Yes, we here in Fernland be the lucky ones.” The farmer smiled and drained his bowl.
Dag took a spoonful of his cooled stew and bit into a small chunk of venison.

The next morning, as Dag and Tandor watched, Farmer Stone brought out his harrow. Dag knew of harrows, the blacksmiths of Helsop made long iron nails for them, but he had never used one. It was a four sided wooden frame with cross-bracing. The long nails were hammered into the wooden frame and the nail points left to jut out at the bottom. When the harrow was pulled along the ground, the nails made crevices in the earth where seeds could be planted.
“You’d best use your horses for the pulling or you’ll be tuckered by noon.” The farmer looked enviously at the palace guard horses.
Tandor frowned. The farmer had not mentioned the use of their horses up to now. Dag knew Tandor would not dare to use a palace guard horse as a dray animal.
Tandor shook his head. “Our horses are not trained for such work. We shall try it without them for now.”
The farmer shrugged. “Up to you.” He then proceeded to roll a large stone on to the harrow’s cross bracing to weigh it down so that the metal teeth could cut deeper into the soil. “Just chop up the soil in this area this morning.” He spread his arms wide, “Loosen it a little deeper with your spades and this afternoon we’ll do the sowing.”
After giving these instructions, he walked back to sit on the porch of his cottage to supervise.
Tandor shouldered the harness which could be attached to a horse’s saddle and began to pull it over the damp soil.
“We could just mount up and tell him we changed our minds,” Dag whispered.
Tandor nodded. “I know. I just need a little time to get my thoughts in order. It’s a terrible thing to send a man to the dungeon for poaching. All of us in Helsop would have died of starvation were it not for the venison our own forest provided. We had no king to forbid it. That was before the fishing boats, if you can remember that far back.”
“I remember.” Dag hung his head. “And I feel as you do. We could just return to the castle and say nothing. Esme will forget about her wolf in time.”
Tandor frowned and pulled harder on the harrow.

Esme had barely slept the night before. What if Dag and Tandor had found her wolf’s killer only to fall victim to him themselves? She apparently looked as haggard as she felt at breakfast that morning.
“My dear,” Delphinia fretted. “You look as though you have not slept. Your eyes are red. Are you ill?”
“No I am just worried about Dag and Tandor.”
King Geoffrey looked up from his plate of salmon. “Why?” he asked.
“They suspected someone had been poaching deer in the vicinity of my wolf’s pack. I think they may have gone out to investigate further.”
“Why did they suspect poaching?” Geoffrey asked.
“I am not sure.” Esme kept her head lowered and her eyes on her own plate.
“Did they tell my guardsmen?” Geoffrey asked.
“I doubt it. Not if they were unsure.” Esme took a big bite of salmon to prevent the possibility of further conversation.
“I will send some palace guardsmen out to find them. We do not tolerate poaching in Fernland.” Geoffrey rose from the table to summon a page.

Chapter 38

Fernland’s Forest

The palace guardsmen rode out with orders to find Tandor and Dag and to look for evidence of possible poaching in the area where the wolf pack had left their marks. By noon they reached the meadow where the two young Smith brothers watched over their grandfather’s flock of sheep.
A few words from the grandsons of Jasper Smith sent the guardsmen in the direction of Farmer Stone’s cottage.
The guardsmen found Tandor pulling a heavy harrow across the farmer’s fields with Dag wielding a spade behind him.
“King Geoffrey sent us out to find you,” Leo called out. “Have you been coerced into this labor?” He cast a suspicious look at the farmer who was now off his stoop and headed in the direction of the guardsman.
Tandor shook his head. “No. We have contracted to do it willingly.”
Leo lowered his voice. “And have you found evidence of poaching?”
Tandor was silent for a moment. Then he looked steadily into Leo’s eyes. “I’ll not say I have, but you might want to take a look inside yon shed.”
Leo nodded and rode on to intercept the farmer who was walking quickly to meet him.
Leo stopped beside his fellow guardsman to deliver a quick order, then dismounted to speak to Farmer Stone.
“Good day to you, Farmer Stone.” Leo greeted the man politely. “The two men you have hired are custodians of a visiting princess. She was worried when they did not return last night to the barracks. We were sent out to make sure they had not fallen into a mishap.”
“They told me they were from Helsop, looking for work.” Farmer Stone replied. 
“It is true they are from Helsop and I suppose, since their princess is now safely lodged in the castle, they have no immediate duty to protect her. However, since she is worried for their safety it might be advisable to release them from their contract.”
“There is no contract,” Farmer Stone insisted. “I gave them a meal and a place to sleep. They have sharpened my tools and worked half a morning in return. They are free to leave. I want no trouble from the Royal Family.”
“Then we will not trouble you further.” Leo shifted his gaze from Farmer Stone to the shed where one of the guardsmen was walking out holding a salt lick in his hand.
“Is that a salt lick?” Leo shielded his eyes from the sun as he peered across the field to the shed his guardsman had just exited.
“Here now, what is that man doing in my shed?” Stone demanded.
“Salt licks are not lawful in the King’s forest,” Leo stated.
Farmer Stone nodded. “Of course not. That is why I took that one down when I found it.”
“There are two deer hides stretched and drying in the shed as well,” the guardsman reported, as he approached his commander.
“I found them dead,” Farmer Stone argued. “I thought I might as well make use of the skins. Why let them go to waste?”
Dag had stopped his spade work to come close enough to hear the conversation. Tandor continued pulling the heavy harrow across the farmer’s soil, distancing himself from the accusations.
Leo looked at the farmer who was becoming more agitated by the moment. “Check the larder for venison,” Leo called out while keeping his gaze steady on the farmer’s face.

A few minutes later, the guardsman returned with pieces of dried venison in his hands.
“It appears Farmer Stone has abundant quantities of venison in his larder.”
“I bought that from a trader,” Farmer Stone claimed.
“You will accompany me to Fernland’s castle,” Leo commanded. “You may make your explanations to His Majesty King Geoffrey in court there.”
“No!” Farmer Stone shouted. He looked around frantically. His eyes fell on Dag. “You, tell him I am not a poacher. Did I not feed you and let you sleep in my cottage?”
“He did feed us and allow us to sleep in his cottage,” Dag confirmed.
“Tell him I am not a poacher,” Farmer Stone cried out.
Dag shrugged. “I cannot speak to that.” Dag tried to focus his thoughts on the stretched wolf skin in the shed. In spite of this man’s pleas, he was most likely a poacher and a killer of wolves.
The ride back to the castle was a somber one. Dag wondered if the man would be convicted of poaching. His explanations could be true, but were unlikely. He wondered, too, what Esme’s reaction to this arrest would be.

When they arrived back at the castle, Tandor and Dag returned to the palace guard barracks while Farmer Stone was taken to Fernland’s dungeon to await his hearing at court.
Esme was worrying her way through lunch in the royal family’s dining room when Palace Guardsman Leo interrupted with a knock on the door.
“Enter,” King Geoffrey said.
The guardsman opened the door but did not walk through, waiting on King Geoffrey’s instructions.
“Have you found them?” Geoffrey asked.
“We have. They are safely returned to the barracks.” He continued to stand in the doorway.
“Is there more to report?” Geoffrey asked.
“We have brought in a probable poacher as well.”
“I see.” King Geoffrey excused himself from the table and walked out with Leo, closing the door behind him.
Esme wasted no time finishing her meal. “I must return Fang and her pup to Dag. Will you excuse me, Aunt Delphinia?”
“Yes of course, but please return and tell me what kept them out last night and whether they were the ones to ferret out the poacher.”
“I will return as soon as I have their account of what happened,” Esme promised.

Esme raced past the man posted at the entrance to the barracks, saying, “I am returning the dogs.”
She knocked on the door, all aquiver with unanswered questions, when a sour-faced Tandor answered the knock.
“I have brought Fang and the pup.” She wondered why he looked so angry and sensed his anger was focused on her.
She looked to Dag for a more sympathetic expression and found it.
“I was worried when you did not return. I feared the worst. Will you tell me what happened?”
Dag stood up and pulled Esme with him out the door. “Let’s take Fang and the pup for a walk. They’ve been cooped up in the castle too long.” 
Esme readily agreed, anxious now to learn the source of Tandor’s anger.
Once outside, Dag began cautiously, choosing his words carefully.
“We found the man who hung the salt lick. He had removed it to a shed by his cottage.”
“So he is the poacher Leo has brought back to stand judgment at court?” Esme still did not understand why Tandor held such hostility.
Dag nodded. “Yes. They also found venison in his larder.”
“And you believe he is the one who killed my wolf?” Esme sought her friend’s eyes.
As Dag fought to keep the picture of the wolf’s hide stretched across the rack from his mind, Esme’s hands flew to her mouth to stifle a scream.

Chapter 39

Aboard the Jungle Queen off Africa

The Jungle Queen bobbed gently in the small swells off the western coast of Africa. The ship was caught in the calm between northern and southern ocean currents. Unrelenting heat and low water reserves made thirst a constant irritant.
Serafina stood at the rail looking out at blue skies and blue water. She wished the twins, with their wind-calling abilities, were on board but they were not. As far as she knew, Esme was in Helsop, studying medicine with Electra, and Shalin was still in Manoa or perhaps on her way back to Henge – a stowaway aboard the Kingdom of Henge.
The Captain of the Jungle Queen approached the royal couple with a cautious expression. Heat and thirst had tempers on edge. The ship had drifted aimlessly for over a week now as the crew searched the skies for a cloud or a breeze to fill the sails. The captain was certainly aware that his passengers shared the crew’s anxiety.
“There is an island not far from here where we can find water,” the captain said. “It will take us off course and further into the sphere of the doldrums, but I believe we have no choice. We will soon be forced to throw our live animal cargo overboard. We can no longer afford to give them a share of our water.”
“How do you propose to get to this island?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“We will cut some holes in the hull just above the waterline and fashion oars from planks, saving the cut pieces of wood to use as patches we can fit back in and secure with pitch should winds arise to lift the waves. It is not an ideal solution but these calm seas off Africa have been known to linger for months at a time.”
Prince Blackwell nodded. “It seems a time for imperfect solutions.”
The captain seemed to relax a bit. He gave a half salute to his royal passengers and hurried off.
“I had not expected an opportunity to explore islands from the deck of the Jungle Queen.” Serafina looked off to the western horizon. “Perhaps we will meet up with Phinn and the Kingdom of Henge.”
“Not unless they have been equally unfortunate,” Blackwell grumbled.

Taking turns day and night, the crew of the Jungle Queen rowed with four oars due west. Heat and humidity rose as water evaporated from the warm ocean and lifted into the sky. On the third day, with drinking water gone, the lookout atop the mast shouted down foreign words that must have meant “land” or “island” or “we are saved.” The crew grew animated and many rushed to the ship’s bow to see for themselves what lay ahead.
Serafina and Prince Blackwell were not far behind the crew in reaching the bow. They could make out a mist and a mound of land below the mist – an island. It grew larger by the minute as the rowers below deck heard the cries and pulled harder.

By sunset the Jungle Queen was at anchor off the beach of a good-sized island with a narrow black rock towering at least 1000 feet into the sky a short trek from the beach.
“An ancient volcano,” Serafina told her husband. “I have seen such a hard black cone before.”
The island held a mass of greenery spiraling up mountainsides and across valleys. Sandy beaches rimmed the volcanic island and cloud forests topped its highest peaks. 
“I do not see any signs of vast guano deposits, but I would like to take a closer look.” Serafina glanced at the crew as they gathered empty barrels to take ashore. “Perhaps we could ask the captain’s leave to go ashore with the crew.”
“At this point my only interest is in clean flowing water, and with all this greenery, the island must have an abundance of it,” Blackwell noted with relief.
The crew did not wait for daylight, but struck out at once on their small shore boats with their empty barrels.
They were not gone long. They had evidently discovered a stream close to the beach and returned laden with full barrels of water and turtles for soup.
The crew and their passengers celebrated that night with water for drinking, bathing and washing clothes. Fish cooked in coconut water, fruit that was unnamed but tasty, and turtle soup completed the celebration.

The next morning the captain spoke to Prince Blackwell and Serafina on deck. “I would like to stay here for a few days to rest. My men are exhausted from days of hard rowing and dehydration. We can wait here for three days at least. If we are fortunate, a wind will come. If not, we can at least gather our strength before heading back out to our customary route.”
“I should like to go ashore to explore the island’s resources.” Serafina’s wish to go ashore sounded more like a command than a request.
“You are welcome to do so,” the captain agreed. “I have myself explored a bit during past visits and found no threat to speak of. There is a multitude of birds, snakes, turtles, bats and insects, but none that I have found to be poisonous so far.”
“Bats?” Serafina confirmed.
“Yes, many varieties, some large, some small,” the captain affirmed.
“Have you any idea where they roost?” Serafina asked.
“No, I have never noticed. But their lairs should not be difficult to track. They fill the sky at dusk each evening.” He arched an eyebrow. “Have you an interest in bats, Your Highness?”
“Yes, a strong interest.” Serafina smiled.
“I can send some men along to help you track down their hideaways.”
“That would be much appreciated. How soon can we leave?”
“We may as well wait for evening if you are interested in tracking them to their caves. I will arrange to have a tent set up on the beach.” The captain hesitated. “I will assign three men to assist in tracking the bats to their nesting grounds. Will that be adequate?”
“Yes, thank you.” Serafina smiled at Prince Blackwell as the captain took his leave.
“Since when are you interested in bats?” Blackwell asked.
“Bat guano is even richer in the white powder we seek than is bird guano. There would be little work needed to refine the ingredients we need from bat guano. This could be a source even better than what we had on White Cliffs Island.”
Prince Blackwell put his arm around his wife’s shoulders as they looked out at the green island topped with a white mist. “How fortunate I am to have married such a learned woman. Shall we claim this uncharted island for Henge?”
“Let us see first how accessible these bat caves prove to be,” Serafina cautioned.

That night, Serafina, Prince Blackwell, the captain and three crew members stood on the beach, armed with torches, to search the skies for the first sign of bats and pinpoint the area from which they emerged.
“There,” the captain shouted, pointing to the northwest. 
Serafina could see fluttering, diving, dark shadows flying out in a spear-shaped cloud from the towering stone pillar. They lifted their torches and the crew members began to cut a path through the green ferns into the island’s interior.
The bats kept coming. The sky was filled with the swooping, darting little flyers, snapping insects from the air. Larger bats settled in the trees – fruit eaters.
They followed the narrow origin of the bat cloud to a rocky opening, not far from the towering volcanic plug. There, in ancient rounded tunnels, made by lava flowing from a volcano so old that only its rocky spine remained, was the treasure they sought – guano so thick it filled half the diameter of the tunnels.
The captain noticed Serafina’s evident delight at finding the foul-smelling fecal matter.
“Is this what you sought?” he asked.
“It makes an excellent fertilizer,” she informed him. “I believe I will lay claim to it since no one else seems to have done so as yet.”
The captain shrugged. “I doubt you will have any competition for such a claim.”

Chapter 40

Inhabited Island off the North Coast of Africa

Shalin stared at the island man who wore only a skirt of woven grasses. His tea-colored skin glistened in the sun as he stepped from the shadow of the trees. He seemed more surprised than threatened and spoke to them in a language no one understood.
After a short consultation with Phinn, Lars the Trader approached the man with his hands raised to show he held no weapons. He tried several languages and found one that drew some recognition with words for fish and bird.
Lars turned to Phinn with his impressions. “He seems to recognize some words from the language spoken by traders in North Africa, but not many. I think he has invited us to his village.”
“Do you think we would be safe there? We are trespassers, I suppose,” Phinn realized. “Can you try to tell him we only mean to visit?”
Lars attempted to relay Phinn’s message. The man smiled at one comment.
“What did you say to make him smile?” Phinn asked.
“I told him we are traders and we have clothes to trade for bird poop.” Lars gave Phinn a wry smile. “I believe he thinks we are quite stupid.”
Phinn nodded at the man. “That is good. If he thinks we are stupid, he will not see us as a threat.”
The native islander walked into the shallow coral beds off the beach and quickly netted a large fish which he threw onto the beach. After netting three more, he gestured to the others to pick up the fish and follow him.
Phinn looked out at the Kingdom of Henge. So far only Phinn, Lars, Tom, Angie, Nicu, Bern and Shalin were ashore. The remainder of the acting troupe leaned over the deck’s railing, watching this unexpected drama unfold from the ship.
“Bern,” Phinn ordered, “row back to the ship and tell the others we are going to this man’s village, likely for a meal, and they can stay aboard or come ashore – their choice.” He paused to think. “And tell any who come ashore to bring old clothes they would not mind trading.” He glanced at Shalin and Nicu with a frown.
Shalin was trying to stay silent and invisible and supposed Nicu had the same strategy. They both desperately wanted to see the village.
Phinn gestured them forward. “You two stay close and don’t do anything to make me wish I had sent you back to the ship.”
They both nodded, not daring to speak. They were no more than a few inches behind Phinn as they started inland through a mass of palm trees and ferns.

The village was located in a clearing close to a network of black rounded caverns. Apparently the villagers slept in the caves. The only structures in the clearing were a series of storage kiosks made from branches and woven palm fronds. The storage structures were raised off the ground, perhaps to keep their contents away from small animals.
Shalin counted sixty men, women and children scattered about the clearing. The children were playing a game that involved throwing sticks at a target. Some of the women were weaving mats. Two of the men busied themselves digging a pit.
All activities stopped when the newcomers stepped into the clearing. Their host took a long time likely explaining how he had met these strangers and what had happened so far. The villagers laughed at a few points in the story. The children edged closer and one little girl reached out to touch Shalin’s tunic.
The child was quickly called away by a woman who was probably her mother.
As questions finally died out, the two digging men took the newly caught fish, cleaned them and wrapped them in broad flat leaves. They put the fish in the pit they had dug and covered them with hot rocks they pulled from the fire in the center of the clearing. Other leaf packets of food were added to the pit before it was covered first with palm fronds and then dirt.
After more conversation, the whole village walked back to the beach where the Kingdom of Henge stood at anchor offshore.
By the time the villagers arrived on the beach, all of the acting troupe and most of the crew had come ashore. Only Captain Hardy, Bern and one other crew member remained on board to guard the ship.
The villagers and the acting troupe appraised one another, initially with furtive glances and eventually with curious stares.
“We’ve brought everything from old costumes to worn out undergarments,” Juanita told her husband.
What followed was as entertaining as one of the troupe’s best performances.  The villagers tried on the proffered clothes and alternately appeared to praise or make fun of one another’s choices.  Fairy wings were popular choices and squabbles amongst the children for possession of these treasures had to be broken up by parents who seemed equally intrigued by the gossamer wings.
The men were drawn to pieces of armor and fake weapons. All were intrigued by brightly colored materials and the final distribution had the actors laughing and the villagers preening as they pranced around in their new clothes.
The actors had brought ashore a variety of food to share as well as a barrel of wine. They shouldered everything to make the trek back to the village.
“So far, they seem ta’ like us,” Tom said to Phinn.
Phinn nodded. “I don’t think they get a lot of excitement here.”
“Mayhap we should put on a show for ‘em,” Angie suggested.
“Perhaps a little singing and dancing.” Phinn preferred being cautious. “I don’t think we should put on a show of magic until we get an idea how they feel about things like that.” As he said the words, Phinn’s head turned in Shalin’s direction.
“I take your point.” Shalin held up her hands in a show of surrender. “No magic of any kind.”
Phinn’s mouth turned up in a slight grin. “There is a clever niece. And no unauthorized explorations, either.”
“Certainly not.” Shalin looked around, already bursting with excitement to explore the island.
“Nicu, that extends to you as well,” Phinn warned.
“Of course,” Nicu agreed.

That evening the acting troupe entertained the villagers with gypsy music, courtesy of a tipsy Shandor and some gypsy dancing led by Juanita and Esmeralda. Others in the acting troupe quickly joined in, as well as villagers dressed as soldiers, sorcerers, fairies, kings and queens. A memorable night indeed.
The night air was cool but not cold. Some stayed near the fire pit, wrapped in cloaks and capes to sleep; others left the warmth of the fire to sleep in the caverns.
Shalin and Nicu snuggled under fur capes near the warm rocks of the fire pit. “We have to find a way to explore the island,” Shalin whispered.
“I think Phinn will want to explore anyway, looking for guano,” Nicu replied. 
“How could we make sure he takes us along,” Shalin thought aloud.
“Might be better if we make sure he doesn’t.” Nicu’s mouth turned up at the corners in an impish grin. “Then we’d be free to explore on our own.”
“Hmmm,” Shalin murmured. Clearly Nicu’s promises to Phinn were not to be trusted. But he did have an interesting point of view. She started to make a suggestion but Nicu was already turned away and snoring softly beside her.

Chapter 41

Inhabited Island off the West Coast of Africa

The next morning the villagers were up at dawn, most reverting to their usual attire of woven grass skirts. A few still wore their apparel from the night before. The children of the village danced around Shalin, Nicu and Drake in their fairy wings. They seemed to be inviting their guests to join them.
Shalin stretched as she crawled out of her fur cape and saw the sun peeking over the dense island foliage. Another warm day in the making. She pulled open the bag she had been using as a pillow, took out her flute and played a lively jig. Soon her hosts were flapping their wings in time with the music.

Phinn stopped by the fire pit and clapped along as Shalin played. “Good to see you all getting on well.” He looked at his son. “A few of us are going guano hunting. Would you like to come along or stay with Shalin and Nicu?” 
Drake looked hopefully at Shalin.
“He can stay here with us if he wants,” Shalin offered.
Phinn smiled gratefully. “Good. We shouldn’t be gone long. I think Lars has been able to communicate what we are looking for.”
As Phinn walked away, Shalin wondered how she might communicate to the village children what she was seeking.
She took a burned stick from the fire pit and began to draw with it in the soft dirt. She drew a building with columns, a stairway leading up to a platform, a multi-layered ziggurat. She looked up to see if any of these sketches meant anything to the village children.
One boy about Shalin’s age pointed to the sketch of the ziggurat and then pointed to the north. Shalin looked into his mind and saw a pile of stones with the remains of a stairway.
“He has seen a ziggurat,” Shalin said to Nicu.
“A what?” Nicu poked a stick at the dead fire looking for signs of life.
“A ziggurat. It is a multi-layered platform used in ancient times to study the stars at night.”
“I didn’t see anyone watching stars last night; they were all asleep, same as us.” Nicu blew on a black chunk of wood that looked to have possibilities.
“It could be very old. I need to find it if it is here.” Shalin tapped on Nicu’s shoulder to get his full attention. “Do you want to come or stay here?”
“I want to come, of course.” But what about Drake?”
They both looked at the six year old.
“I want to come.” Drake’s eyes took on a beseeching expression.
Shalin was quiet for a moment. “Your father did not say we had to stay here. Just that we were to stay with the village children. If we find a way to bring them along, it should be all right.”
Shalin turned to the boy who had seen a ziggurat. He seemed to be biding his time, waiting to see what these new visitors might do next. She put a picture in his mind of all the children playing on the steps of the ziggurat.
The boy smiled and said something to the other children. Excited by the boy’s words, a few ran to find their mothers. Soon some of the children’s mothers joined the fledgling expedition, carrying reed baskets holding leaf bound packets of leftovers from last night’s feast. They all headed out in high spirits, following the boy north on a trail through the forest.

They walked about two miles along a narrow trail that followed a stream through dense ferns. The women picked up various plants and mushrooms along the way, filling their reed baskets to the brim. Near the top of a flattened hill, Shalin saw the half-buried stones of the ziggurat.
The stone pile was not as tall or as wide as the one she had seen in Kisher, near the Euphrates River, but it was definitely the same shape. It consisted of a multilayered accumulation of rocks with a stairway leading to the flat top.
The children ran up the stairs to the top and began to dance as the women took out leaf-wrapped packets of food for a meal.
“Would you play my flute for them while I have a look around?” Shalin asked Nicu.
“No, I want to look around, too,” Nicu insisted.
They both looked at Drake. “I want to look around, too.” He paused a moment before asking sheepishly, “What are we looking for?” 
Shalin took a deep breath to calm her irritation with Nicu and Drake. “Fine, we will take turns playing for them. I will play first.”
“But we don’t know what we are looking for.” Nicu stared at the flattened top of the ziggurat.
Shalin shrugged and began to play. The children atop the ziggurat clapped their hands and tried to mimic the gypsy dancing they had seen the night before.
Nicu and Drake began to wander around the base of the ziggurat, picking up stones and looking under them in a random fashion.
After a few tunes, the dancers ambled down the crumbling stairs to claim packets of leftovers from the women who leaned against the stone ruins, chatting amiably.
Shalin noted that the ancient ziggurat seemed of no importance to the villagers. They showed no reverence for the remains and they certainly had not tried to restore it. Weeds grew over and in between the weathered rocks.
She noticed Nicu and Drake edging closer to the women with food packets, no doubt hoping to be included in the picnic. Climbing to the highest level of the ziggurat, she began prodding amongst the stones of the platform where astrologers might have spent the night, studying the movement of the stars.
A ray of reflected sunlight caught the thin edge of a metal piece embedded in the narrow space between two stones. She began to dig between the stones with a sharp rock, careful not to cut herself on the sharp edge of the metal. It took some time to free the thin tablet that looked to be made of bronze.
Nicu returned to stand beside her as she finally pulled the thin piece of metal from its hiding place. He was eating a white pasty substance laced with berries. “What have you found?” he asked between bites.
“I do not know, but I hope it is as old as this pile of stones.” Shalin scraped a bit of dirt from her treasure with her fingernail.
Drake came up to join them. “Is this what we were looking for?” he asked.
“I did not have anything specific in mind.” Shalin continued to examine her piece of bronze. “I hoped to find some evidence of an ancient city.”
“Here?” Nicu asked.
“Yes, here, or anywhere.” Shalin tried to check her impatience with so many questions from her younger friends.
“Why?” Drake asked.
“I want to find out more about ancient astrologers and what they knew. The ones who made my ring.” She pulled the ring out from behind her tunic where she always wore it on a string.
Drake and Nicu knelt down to where she sat, holding the dirt-caked sheet of bronze in one hand and her ring in the other.
“That’s a nice ring.” Nicu looked more closely at the shiny metal. “Is it real gold?”
“Yes,” Shalin answered.
“What makes you think ancient astrologers made it?” Drake asked.
Shalin held up her hand in a ‘stop’ gesture. “They just did and that is an end to questions.” With her sharp rock, she scraped off the layers of hard dirt from one corner of the sheet of bronze. “Look,” she cried. “There is writing on it!”
Drake, who had not yet learned to read, stared at the bronze with a curious expression.
 “Can you read it?” Nicu asked. He knew his letters, but he had likely never seen letters like this before.
Shalin looked at the characters carefully. Some were similar to the cuneiform spells hidden in her ring. Others looked more like alphabet letters. This looked to be ancient writing, but perhaps not as ancient as the ring’s spells.
“No, I cannot. At least not yet. But I know someone who can.”
“Who?” Nicu asked.
“My mother.”
Nicu had the good grace not to voice his first thought but it was not hard to see it in his mind. Your mother the demon?
Drake offered her a taste of a white substance studded with berries. She popped a bit into her mouth. It tasted terrible.
Drake laughed when she spit it out. “I didn’t like it either, but the village people seem to love it.”
Shalin smiled at Drake. “I left some nuts and dried fruit from the ship by the fire pit. We can eat when we get back to the village, which we had best do soon, if we hope to arrive before your father returns.”

Chapter 42

Island off North Africa

Shalin’s group of explorers made it back to the village before Phinn and his group returned from their guano expedition. 
Many of those who had gone on the picnic were tired, and the heat of the afternoon drove most to the shade of the caves for naps.
“I wonder how these people got here.” Shalin sat with Nicu and Drake as she ate a handful of nuts and dried fruit.
Nicu’s eyes sparkled with excitement as a thought formed in his mind. “Mayhap there are sunken ships here about.”
“Perhaps,” Shalin agreed. “I wish we spoke their language.”
“We could ask Lars to question them about any such ships,” Drake suggested.
“There he comes now.” Nicu pointed to the trail the guano hunters had taken that morning. Lars and Phinn were both carrying baskets of a white substance that smelled like guano.
“Did you see any sunken ships from up high?” Nicu asked.
Phinn and Lars exchanged a curious glance. “No. Why would we?” Phinn asked.
Nicu shrugged. “We were just wondering how these people came to be stranded on this island.”
Lars nodded. “I wondered the same thing. I asked them that question and they all said the same thing. They were all born here. They had never seen a ship before we arrived.”
“And yet you knew some of the words they speak.” Shalin’s curiosity took hold.
Lars nodded. “Yes, they do share some words with North African traders.”
“It must have been their ancestors who were stranded here,” Shalin decided.
Lars shrugged. “It is a mystery. I grant you that. If their ancestors came by ship, there should be sunken ships, though they may have decided to stay here while others left on the ships that brought them. It is not a bad place to live.”
“Do they have a written language?” Shalin asked.
“I have seen no signs of one.” Lars looked doubtful. “Why do you ask?”
Shalin pulled out her bronze tablet. “The women took us for a picnic. I found this among the rocks.”
Phinn took the thin tablet and rubbed his fingers over the ancient script. “This looks very old. Did you show it to the women?”
Shalin shook her head. “Not yet. I have seen similar writing that is thousands of years old.”
“How do you know that?” Phinn asked.
Shalin answered as she stared at the bronze. “Lessons from Mother.”
“I see,” Phinn said.
Shalin knew that any mention of Serafina and her dark arts usually stopped any conversation on Phinn’s part. He was afraid of Serafina and tried to keep his distance even though they now lived together in Henge’s castle and were kinfolks as Prince Blackwell and Phinn were both sons of old King Blackwell.
Lars looked at the symbols on the bronze sheet. “May I borrow this and ask some of the older villagers if they can decipher the writing?” he asked.
“Yes, please do.” Shalin’s face brightened. “I would very much like to know. We had our picnic at an old stone structure that looked to be a ziggurat. I would like to know if these people built that as well.”
“I’ll see what I can find out.” Lars looked around for a likely villager to question.
Shalin trailed along behind Lars as he sought out a particular gray-haired elder of the village. They found him at the entrance to a cave.
If the old man had chosen a costume the night before, he had since reverted to his traditional grass skirt. He sat in the sun outside the cave, fashioning a stick into a fishing spear by sharpening it to a point with a thin flake of shiny black rock.
Lars smiled and made a small bow to the elder villager. He showed him the bronze sheet and said a few foreign words.
The man stopped his work and held up the bronze sheet, running his fingers over the carved symbols. Then he shook his head and returned the sheet with a long string of words that left Lars shaking his head as well.
Lars gave the bronze tablet back to Shalin. “I think he does not even know what writing is. I believe he said something like ‘nice’ or ‘pretty’ to describe what he believed was artwork or designs. But he does not want to buy it or trade for it as he has no use for it.”
“Would you ask him if his people built the ziggurat where the women took us on a picnic today?”
Lars tried but said finally, “He does not know what I am talking about.”
“Wait, I will find the boy who led us there. He can ask the old man.”
Shalin returned a few minutes later with the boy who had watched her draw a picture of the ziggurat in the dirt.
Shalin made eating motions with her hands and drew another picture in the dirt, hoping the boy would understand she was talking about the place they had visited earlier. Lars helped with a few familiar words, and tried to get across the question – did your people build it?”
The old man finally appeared to understand. He told Lars he did not know who built it. He seemed to think the rock structure had always been there, along with others like it —a part of the island.
“Could he show us the others?” Shalin asked with growing excitement.
Lars did not bother to ask the question. “I’m afraid there won’t be time for that. We have found the guano we have been searching for, though it is a limited supply. Phinn plans to leave tonight to look at the other islands in the group.”
“But there is so much of the island yet to be explored,” Shalin protested.
“I am sorry.” Lars looked as though he meant it. Perhaps he was curious as well. “We may perhaps return if we do not find a larger supply on one of the other islands.”
Shalin was distraught. There might be ancient cities still to find on this island. For a moment she considered running off and hiding so that she could explore until they came back to find her. But she quickly realized they would never leave without her. She would only succeed in making Phinn so angry he would never allow her to accompany him on another voyage. She felt Lars’ gaze still upon her and managed a smile.
“Perhaps we will find more traces of ancient civilizations on the other islands as well.”
Lars smiled too. “That’s the spirit. We never know what lies ahead. And therein lays the adventure.”

When Lars and Shalin returned to the fire pit they found the acting troupe already gathering up their scattered possessions to return to the ship.
“I’d say these village people did all right in this trade.” Bear talked with Phinn as he packed up. “Got themselves some fairy wings in exchange for bird poop. Do they know we may be back for more?”
“I don’t think they care.” Phinn laughed. “Bird poop doesn’t seem to be a thing they treasure.”
Smiles laughed along with Phinn. “We be the only ones treasure bird poop, I’d venture.”
“Us an’ ole King Gundar,” Angie chimed in, stuffing a leftover costume into a sack.
Phinn turned to Lars. “Can you maybe say a few words to the villagers here by way of thank you and goodbye? We had a memorable time here even though we didn’t put on much of the show for them, and we may be back if we don’t find a better source of guano.”
“I’ll try, but I never really know if they’ve understood me or not.”
“I suppose they’ll figure it out when they see our ship leaving,” Phinn said, with a wistful look around the campsite.

A few of the villagers who were not taking afternoon naps followed them out to the beach and stood watching and waving as the Kingdom of Henge weighed anchor.

Chapter 43

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin stood next to Nicu and Drake at the railing of the Kingdom of Henge as they sailed west to the next island. They could already see a dim mound on the horizon that Shalin guessed must be the next island in the arcing volcanic chain.
“I still am curious about why the islanders had no boats,” Shalin told her friend.
Nicu shrugged. “Perhaps they don’t know how to build them. Could you build a boat if you needed to?”
“Why would they need to?” Drake asked. “Maybe they don’t want to leave their island.”
“Some of their food, like that white stuff, was awful. They might not know there is better food elsewhere,” Nicu said, wrinkling his nose.
“I wish we had had more time to explore,” Shalin complained. “That place where we ate our picnic lunch reminded me of a structure I saw when I was very young. It was inland of the Great Sea on a river called the Euphrates.”
“How young were you? Drake asked.
“Two years younger than you are now.” Shalin wrinkled her brow, wondering why he cared how old she was. She found out with a quick search of his mind.
Nodding, the youngster smiled. He was happy she was not referring to his own age as being very young.
“What was this structure you saw?” Nicu asked.
“It was called a ziggurat. It had a flat top and was likely used for stargazing by astrologers thousands of years ago.”
“Maybe these people we just visited used to be astrologers,” Nicu guessed.
Somehow Shalin doubted this, but something or someone had brought them to the island. Perhaps the mystery would be revealed when she was able to translate the bronze plaque.
Nicu pushed away from the ship’s rail. “I think I’ll go to the galley to see what’s for lunch.”
Shalin was about to say she would go with him when a crew member shouted down from the crow’s nest affixed to the mast.
“Ship ahoy!” The man called out, pointing in the direction of the ship’s stern.
“Looks to be the King Gundar,” the man shouted in the captain’s direction.
The Captain of the Kingdom of Henge ran to the ship’s stern to look out at the big ship rounding the edge of the island they had just left behind. Then he ran back toward the bow to find Phinn.
The acting troupe quickly gathered around Phinn and the captain as they spoke to one another.
“We have the faster ship,” Captain Hardy assured Phinn. “Shall we leave them in our wake?”
Phinn shook his head. “That would only make Prince Oswald think we had something to hide, which we don’t, of course. As far as he is concerned we are only looking for a new source of fertilizer to replace what might have lasted for several more years on White Cliffs Island if King Gundar had not taken it for his own profit.” 
Phinn stopped there, unsure whether or not the captain had been taken into Prince Blackwell’s confidence about other uses for the guano they sought.
“What would you have me do then?” Captain Hardy asked.
“Let us draw down the sails and invite Prince Oswald aboard. We will ask him straight out if he is following us.” Phinn straightened his shirt and brushed off his tunic with his hands, ready to issue a formal invitation.
“Shall we tell him we found people on the big Island?” Juanita asked.
“Not unless he asks,” Phinn advised. “I don’t want him harassing those kind villagers.”

Captain Hardy shouted out commands to lower the sails and throw out the sea anchor to slow their progress.
Before long the King Gundar pulled up to within hailing distance of the Kingdom of Henge.
“Ahoy, Ambassador Phinn,” Prince Oswald shouted. “Permission to come aboard?”
“Come ahead,” Phinn shouted back. “You are just in time for lunch.”
Prince Oswald smiled and issued a few commands that resulted in a small boat and rope ladder being lowered over the side.
The Captain of the Kingdom of Henge lowered his own rope ladder, and Prince Oswald climbed aboard.
“I have been looking for you since we both left Manoa.” Prince Oswald grinned. “We evidently have the same charts you have from Manoa’s Prince Manos.”
“I see.” Phinn tried to act indifferent. “Any particular reason you have been looking for us?”
“You have a small ship. I thought it would be safer if you traveled along with the King Gundar. We have exploding arrows aboard.” His grin disappeared as he spoke the next words. “Do you?”
Phinn seemed briefly at a loss for words.
Shalin searched Phinn’s mind for the thoughts that had silenced him. Has Prince Oswald come to steal our supply of exploding arrows? Do we have any aboard?
“I actually do not know if we have any aboard,” Phinn admitted, looking to the captain for an answer.
Captain Hardy shrugged. “We have a few, but have never had need of them. We are a small ship, but very fast. If ever I sight a ship that I find suspect, I have only to put up our full complement of sails to outrun it.”
“Might I have a look, then?” Prince Oswald asked. “I would not feel comfortable leaving you defenseless when I have enough to spare a few. Possibly I am overly cautious, but we in Sandovia have learned to take the threat of pirates seriously.”
Shalin knew Prince Oswald was spouting lies. He wanted to check their cargo hold to see if these islands were the source of Prince Blackwell’s exploding white powder.
After a careful search of the ship, Prince Oswald found only the few baskets of guano that Phinn had taken from the island to show to Serafina on their return to Henge. He carried one basket back with him to the galley.
“Found a new source of fertilizer, have you?” he asked Phinn in a friendly tone.
“Yes,” Phinn acknowledged. “We made a quick stop to take on fresh water and thought we would take these bits of guano back to Henge to see if they might do for fertilizer now that White Cliffs’ guano is depleted.”
“I imagine one basket of bird droppings is much like another.” Prince Oswald set the foul-smelling basket on the table. “Did you say something about lunch?”
One of the crew members took up the basket of guano to return it to the hold while another ran a wet cloth over the table top.
“Yes, we were about to have the first shift. Our galley is a bit small so we generally eat in shifts.” Phinn extended his hand toward a chair. “Will you join us?”
“Be delighted.” Oswald ignored the indicated chair and took a seat at the head of the table.
“What are your plans from here?” Phinn asked. “Are you bound for Sandovia?”
Oswald shook his head. “No, Thought I would accompany you on your heading north as far as Fernland. I have a little business to discuss with King Geoffrey there.” He leveled a stare at Phinn. “Will you be making any more stops along the way?”
“No, straight back to Fernland where we will drop off Nicu and his grandfather. Then on to Henge,” Phinn replied.
Shalin’s heart sank. No more stops. She would not even have the chance to explore the remaining islands here.

Chapter 44

Village of Helsop

Princess Electra placed bowls of cereal on the table for herself, Dagon, Gregor and Soren. “Any plans for the day?” she asked her husband.
“I plan to lend a hand with the fishing.” He took a bite of his oatmeal. “It’s a good clear day so a few of us decided to put out the nets.”
“May I go with you?” Gregor asked hopefully.
“And me, too?” Soren asked, equally hopeful.
Gregor glared at his brother, knowing he had a better chance at seven years old to be included than if Soren, at four years old, had to go along as well.
Dagon pursed his lips as he studied his younger son. “Would you stay seated next to the mast and out of the men’s way?”
“Yes,” Soren promised, hardly daring to hope.
Electra felt Soren was too young, but said nothing, waiting for Dagon’s decision.
“I suppose you could both come if it is all right with your mother,” Dagon decided, finally.
Electra sighed. It was not all right with her, but she did not want to be the one to dash her younger son’s hopes. She herself had performed much more dangerous tasks at his age under Serafina’s guidance and had survived. She remembered handling poisonous spiders and snakes as part of her training in sorcery.
“I suppose you may go, but you must do exactly as your father says. The lake can be a dangerous place.”
Soren’s face lit up with excitement. “I will,” he promised.
Electra took a seat with her family. “I will be at the school all day. We have two new students arriving this morning,” 
“From where?” Dagon asked.
“From Sandovia, of all places. I could not have been more surprised. They wish to specialize in herbal medicine and are very keen to explore our forest for herbs.”
“There are no forests in Sandovia,” Dagon remarked.
“How do you know?” Electra asked.
“Lars the Trader has been there with the acting troupe. He told us all about it when he came with the troupe to put on their performance. He says it is a rocky, windswept archipelago of heather and sandy beaches.”
“No forests?” Electra considered how this fit with her new students.
“No forests,” Dagon assured her.
“That is odd. Perhaps they do not plan to return to Sandovia.”
Dagon shrugged. “We had best be off, boys.”
“I, as well.” Electra finished off her cereal quickly. “Stay safe.”

When Electra arrived at the school of medicine she saw four horses tied up outside the door. Her new students?
Isa waved as Electra walked into the school’s dining area. Coco the Parrot gave his customary greeting in Isa’s voice. “Electra, good, you’re here.” This never failed to garner a smile from the students.
Two men and two young girls sat at the dining table with teacups before them.
Isa pointed at the newcomers. “These are our new students, Hedvig and Katrina. And their fathers, Gunnar and Gustav.”
Electra looked at the two pretty girls, both blonde and blue-eyed. Their fathers looked quite similar to one another, as though they might be brothers. Both had bushy light brown beards. Electra nodded at each in turn. “Welcome, all. You have made a long journey to be here. We are honored.”
Gunnar nodded. “It is as you say – a long journey. We have brought our camping gear, Gustav and I. We thought we might stay a few days while the girls settle in, just to make sure they wish to stay. We can do a bit of sightseeing while we wait. Yours is a very different place from Sandovia.”
“Yes.” Electra recalled Dagon’s comment. “I understand you have no forests in Sandovia.”
Gunnar raised an eyebrow, showing some surprise that Electra would know that. “Yes, that is what the girls seem to want. A change of scenery. Another good reason for Gustav and me to stay a few days, just to be sure this is the right choice for our daughters.”
“Of course, you are welcome to stay,” Electra assured them. She turned her attention to Hedvig and Katrina. “Have you seen your rooms as yet?”
Hedvig smiled. “Yes. I think we will be very happy here.”
Katrina nodded her agreement.
Electra returned their smiles. “I hope so. Take a few minutes to put away your luggage then. We have a full morning of classes and a trip into the forest this afternoon.”
As soon as the girls left, Electra turned to the two men. “You may pitch your tents where you wish. You will need to speak to my husband, Dagon, this afternoon. He is the headman here, but this morning he will not be in the command center. He is out fishing on Cold Lake.”
“Cold Lake.” Gunnar puckered his face in thought. “I have heard of it. Perhaps we will take a ride out to see it. The lake might be a good place to camp.”
Electra looked skeptical. “Perhaps. My own choice would be to camp near the militia’s mess tent.”
Gunnar laughed. “Another good choice. I can see our daughters are in good hands.”

Dagon and seven other men manned the fishing nets on the boats, looping the large net between the two boats and swinging one craft around the other to capture any fish in between.
Their first cast netted a good number of large fish, including a six foot long muskie and a carp that likely weighed more than fifty pounds.
“Shall we cast our net a second time?” Olaf asked Dagon.
Dagon took a moment before answering. “We only have the eight of us to clean these and salt them. Still, it is a good day for fishing. We could sail out a bit farther and see what we find there.”
“Might as well.” Olaf poured sea water over their fresh catch. “It is still early.”
Dagon signaled to the second boat to sail out further to the east. He looked back at his two sons who were still seated where he had told them to stay.
“You boys all right there?” he asked.
They both nodded.
Dagon moved closer. “We have decided to go out a little farther on the lake and cast the big net one more time. Will you be able to stay quiet for that long?”
“Yes, Papa,” Gregor said. “If we get bored, we can just watch the two men setting up their tents on shore.”
Dagon gave his sons a confused look and turned to see two men busy hammering tent posts into the gravelly beach on shore.
“Hold up, men,” Dagon shouted to his crew members. “Lower the small boat. I need to see who these campers on shore are.”
The crew members were as surprised as Dagon to see strangers setting up camp on the shore of Cold Lake.
Dagon rowed the short distance to shore and waded through the shallow water to the beach, dragging his small boat behind him. He stood shivering, waiting until the two men stopped their work and acknowledged his presence.
“Hello,” one called out. “We are Gunnar and Gustav. Our daughters have enrolled in the school of medicine. The head teacher there, Electra, gave us permission to camp here for a few days before we make the long trip back to Sandovia.”
“I see.” Dagon wondered why they would want to camp so far from the village. “I am Dagon, Electra’s husband and Headman of Helsop. Let me know if you need anything.” He turned to go.
“We saw a pit mine on the way up.” Gunnar spoke casually. “Do you do some kind of mining here?”
“We are mostly tool makers here in Helsop. That is the source of our iron ore.” He stared at the two men for another few seconds as a suspicion formed in his mind.

Chapter 45

Village of Helsop

Spring erupted in Helsop’s forest with swarms of insects and rainbows of blossoms. Electra led her students through the green labyrinth as they collected and catalogued all manner of roots, leaves and flowers.
Her new students, Hedvig and Katrina, were oddly quiet. They had been so eager to get to the forest, but now that they were in the midst of it they seemed to search for something that was not there.
“You might begin by collecting a flower and a few leaves from each plant that catches your eye,” Electra instructed. “I will tell you the name of the plant and its uses. You may then write down those facts on a scrap of paper and attach it to your specimen.”
“Yes, of course.” Hedvig took out her ink and quill from her pack. “That is exactly what we should do.”
Katrina nodded in agreement. “So many plants and trees. Such a fertile place. In Sandovia we are only blessed with coal and silver ore among the rocks. But I imagine you have ore of one kind or another here as well?”
Electra nodded. “Yes, we have iron ore. Our craftsmen are known for their manufacture of tools.”
“Iron ore. I see. No other types of ore?” Katrina asked.
“None that I am aware of.” Electra watched as Hedvig shouldered her pack before taking out any scraps of paper . “My interests lie more in herbs and medicines, of course.”
“Of course.” Katrina smiled. “And what a treasure chest of herbs we have before us.”
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “Have any captured your interest as yet?”
Katrina looked around her at the bursts of spring blooms. “That one is very pretty.” She pointed to cone of small fuchsia colored blossoms. 
Electra followed her gaze to a bush in full blossom. “Pretty but deadly,” Electra commented. “That is called foxglove. Its seeds, flowers, stems and leaves are all poisonous if ingested. But it can still be useful. You may take samples, but be sure to keep them separate from the other plants you gather today.”
Katrina made no move in the direction of the foxglove plant. She smiled, but her new expression seemed guarded, as though she had unexpectedly found herself in a dangerous place.
“Would you like me to point out some of the more beneficial plants?” Electra asked.
“Yes, please.” Katrina seemed suddenly frightened by the forest around her. 
Electra put her hand on Katrina’s arm. “Do not be afraid. Only a few of the plants in the forest are poisonous. Many more will prove to be your friends.”
Katrina wiped a sheen of perspiration from her face. “Yes, just as ores such as coal and silver are Sandovia’s help mates. No doubt you have many of those here in Helsop as well.”
Electra thought it a good thing their fathers had decided to linger a few days. It seemed both girls were more interested in ores than herbs. They might well be going home soon.

Electra returned to the castle to find Dagon already dishing out the food he had brought from the mess tent to Gregor and Soren.
“How went the fishing?” she asked.
“We got over a hundred,” Gregor exclaimed proudly.
“So many? That is good news.” Electra smiled at her son.
“And I put them in a barrel,” Soren piped up.
“Soren helped with putting them in brine,” Dagon explained. “Both boys helped.”
“Good for you both.” Electra accepted a plate of food from her husband. “Perhaps you will be allowed to go out again.”
Both boys looked hopefully at their father.
“I think that could happen,” Dagon said slowly. “They were good about following orders.”
“And we saw men camping on Cold Lake,” Gregor added with enthusiasm. “We saw them first.”
Electra looked at Dagon. “Gunnar and Gustav?”
Dagon nodded. “Yes. I don’t know why they would want to camp so far from the village, but I have a suspicion.”
Electra decided to change the subject. Gregor and Soren were interested and could carry tales.
“We had a lovely trek through the forest. We have collected enough herbs to keep us busy for a week, drying and cataloging them all.”
Gregor looked up from his empty plate. He seemed to sense that the part of the conversation that interested him was over. “May we be excused to take our boats to the river?”
The boys had quite a collection of toy boats, both wooden and reed. The days were long now and there would still be hours of sunlight left.
“Yes,” Electra decided after some thought. “But you must stay on shore by the shallows and tie strings to you boats. The river is swift running now and very cold.”
The two boys were quick to make their escape.
Electra looked at her husband. “What kind of suspicions?”
Dagon shrugged. “Lars told me King Gundar has offered a substantial reward to any of his subjects who find the source of Henge’s exploding white powder. He likely thinks it comes from some kind of mine. One of the men, Gunnar, asked about our pit mine. I told him it was for iron ore.”
“What a coincidence,” Electra said with a sardonic smile. “Katrina kept referring to ores of one kind and another, wondering if we had any here in Helsop.”
Dagon and Electra smiled at one another.
“Were they disappointed to hear we had only iron ore?”
“I suppose they were if they believed me,” Electra allowed.
“Camping up at the lake will make it easy for the men to look around the glacier and on into the mountains between here and Henge,” Dagon worried.
“Such wasted effort.” Electra shook her head. “We could tell them there is no exploding powder mine and save them the trouble.”
Dagon nodded. “We could but we won’t.” His expression turned serious as he gathered his thoughts. “These treasure hunters will be in serious trouble if King Blackwell finds them sneaking around in Henge’s hills looking for secret mines. Prince Blackwell and Serafina have gone again to Manoa and left the old King in charge.”
“They have?” Electra was surprised. “How do you know this?”
“One of Blackwell’s soldiers came by to pick up an order from Dorian the Sword Maker. He told Dorian they left on the Jungle Queen some time ago.”
“How odd.” Electra thought it must be some kind of emergency for Prince Blackwell to take the chance of leaving his father in charge. “Did they take Shalin with them?”
Dagon shrugged. “Dorian didn’t mention it.”
“It would be just like old King Blackwell to send out extra patrols now that he is in charge. Perhaps we could at least warn Gunnar and Gustav of that. I would hate to see them land in Blackwell’s dungeon for their greed and foolishness. That would leave Katrina and Hedvig without fathers.”
“Why do you suppose Prince Blackwell and Serafina have gone back to Manoa so soon?” Dagon asked. “They only just returned from a trip there.” 
“I do not know, but it likely has something to do with their supply of white powder. I do not know how they produce it, but I know their source is an island close to Manoa.” 
“And how do you know that?” Dagon asked.
“The twins have said as much on their visits over the years.”
“You never mentioned it.” Dagon looked at his wife with a curious expression.
“I have no interest in exploding arrows.” Electra folded her arms in front of her body. Her voice was a bit defensive, but her expression softened somewhat on reflection. “I also did not want to bring trouble for Esme and Shalin. They likely should have been more cautious in what they told me.”
“I see.” Dagon began to pace back and forth in front of the fireplace. “Perhaps we should go to Henge and try to find out why Serafina and Blackwell left again for Manoa. It may have something to do with the reason you have two new students from Sandovia.”
“Yes. And while we are there, I could check to make sure Shalin is all right if she has been left behind in Henge. I do not like the idea of her being left alone there while the old King is in charge.” Electra set about cleaning up their lunch plates.

Chapter 46

Kingdom of Fernland

Esme lay awake at Fernland’s castle, unable to rid her mind of the picture of her wolf’s hide stretched out on a rack. Dag had tried to keep from recalling it so that she would not see it, but Esme had been too quick to read his mind. She wished she had not seen it. No, that was not true. She needed to see it. She needed this sorrow and rage to avenge her wolf’s murder properly.
She waited until all footsteps outside her door faded away to silence. This will be the night I confront my wolf’s killer. He will not face charges in court for another five days but he will face me tonight.
After another hour of anxious waiting that revealed no sounds outside her door, Esme slid from her bed and took the lit candle from its place on the lampstand.
She opened her door and peeked into the dark hallway. Holding her lit candle out in front she took a step. No one around. She took another step, her small candle lighting a patch of darkness. She moved slowly down the hall and then down the stairs, setting her feet carefully with each step to make no sound.
She still did not know the reason for Tandor’s anger at her. She had fled from Dag as soon as she glimpsed the picture of her wolf’s stretched hide in his mind. Perhaps she should wait to find out more before confronting the killer. No, she decided. He was here in the dungeon. She could not wait a minute longer.
The entrance to the dungeon was through the throne room. She suspected there was another entry from the kitchen, but she also suspected some of the kitchen staff slept there on the floor, ready to build the fires and make tea before dawn.
The door to the throne room was unguarded. She slipped inside and stepped back behind a column to see if the door on the opposite end was also unguarded – the door that led to the dungeon. She saw no light, no movement; she heard no sound.
Making her way around the back of the thrones, close to the wall, she reached for the door. A bar hung across to lock it from anyone on the other side. She lifted the bar and the door swung open a crack.
Taking a deep breath, she widened the opening enough to step through, then closed it behind her, hoping no one would notice the missing bar before she returned.
Stone stairs led down to the dungeon below.
She decided to leave her candle at the top of the stairs. A dull glow of torchlight below would suffice to guide her steps into the pit. She descended slowly, aware now of murmuring from the cells below. She held her breath, listening for guards.
She could hear snoring and scurrying noises, likely prisoners sleeping and rats looking for crumbs.
The stone stairway curved around a column and the glow from below grew brighter. She saw a man seated on a stool with his back resting against the damp rock wall. Was he asleep? He stood suddenly and looked around as if he had felt her eyes on him. He took the ring of keys from a hook beside him and walked along the hall to a few stair steps that led up to the prisoners’ cells.
A few minutes later he returned to his stool and hung the ring of keys back on its hook.
Esme sat on a stone step and waited until the guard was settled again with his back to the wall. She put a thought in his mind that all was quiet and he might as well take a short nap. Nothing required his attention. Nothing. All was well.
Esme crept quietly toward the guard, pausing often, and took the ring of keys from the wall beside him as he dozed.
She walked up the few steps to the door to the cells and found the key that opened the door. She lifted the heavy door a bit as she swung it open to keep it from squeaking. As she entered the area of prison cells, she realized she did not know what her wolf’s killer looked like.
Amid the snores, she heard the sound of someone weeping. She moved closer and saw a man huddled on the floor, sobbing and moaning.
“Are you the man held for poaching in the king’s forest?” she asked.
The man wiped his face with his sleeve and looked up with a hopeful expression. “Are you real?” he asked. “Am I dreaming?”
“I am real,” Esme whispered. “Are you held here for poaching?”
“I am,” the man admitted. “But it was all a mistake. I am innocent. Please tell me you are here to set me free.”
“You killed my wolf,” Esme said fiercely.
The man came forward and grabbed the bars of the cell that separated him from Esme. “Yes.” Hope and excitement filled his voice. “Yes, I did kill a wolf, and if he had been bothering you or your animals, you are welcome for it. Will you stand for me at my court hearing? Will you tell the king I did you a good deed? I would be so grateful. I will give you half price on my vegetables. I will give you whatever you want.”
The man began to sob again – this time in gratitude. He reached out to touch her and she stepped away. She searched his mind and felt only his gratitude. He had no understanding of how wrong it was to kill her wolf. He never would.
She turned to leave, but the man called out to her. “Just tell me what you would have me do. Will you stand for me? Is that why you have come?”
Esme knew his shouting would wake the guard. She turned back to face the man. “Be still,” she hissed.  “I will do what I can.”
The man covered his mouth with his hand and waved.
Esme quickly ran from the cells to return the key ring to its place on the wall. The guard moved and Esme flattened herself against the wall of the dungeon. She sent out thoughts of sleep to the guard and after a glance in the direction of the cells, he closed his eyes again.

Esme raced up the stairs, retrieved her lit candle and continued into the empty throne room. She replaced the bar across the door to secure it. She leaned against the door for a moment and listened to her racing heart.
Had she really just promised to help the man who killed her wolf? The fact that he had no guilt over killing her wolf was no excuse. That made it worse. And yet, somehow it also made it worse for her to do him harm. How could she kill someone who hoped he had been doing her a favor by killing a wolf?
She slid down with her back against the dungeon door to sit on the cold stone floor. The farmer had been weeping. Was he really innocent of poaching? Did it matter? Not to her. What mattered to her was her wolf. She was one of his pack mates. They hunted together in Henge’s forest. He brought his wolf pups to see her each spring, so that they would know she was part of their pack.
That man in the cell lived in a different world. His world did not include pack mates. Only hers did. The man in the cell thought she was there to help him. To help him for his good deed. She leaned her head against her knees and wept. No one else would weep for her wolf. No one else could understand.

Chapter 47

City of Henge

Electra and Dagon arrived on horseback at an overlook above Henge City to find soldiers running toward the harbor with swords drawn.
“What is going on here?” Dagon asked a guard at the gate to the city as he and Electra dismounted.
“Battle exercises,” the guard explained. “King Blackwell has been running maneuvers every day for a fortnight.”
“I see.” Dagon shaded his eyes with his hand. “Is he expecting trouble?”
The guard shrugged. “He likes to be ready.”
Dagon smiled and the guard seemed to be fighting the urge to smile back.
“Will we find King Blackwell at the castle?” Electra asked.
“Like as not,” the guard said. “Unless he decides to lead the charge.”
“That would slow things down a bit,” Dagon said, grinning.
 This time the guard could not conceal his smirk. He turned away to hide his amusement.

King Blackwell stood at the gate to the castle, watching his soldiers as they stormed the harbor. He stomped about on his peg leg, brandishing his cane in warning at any soldier who appeared to be slacking off in the ferocity of his attack. 
If not for the loss of his leg, which the old King, years earlier, had believed would lead to his imminent death; he would never have ceded his throne over to his son, Prince Blackwell. 
Electra knew the old king was enjoying his role as acting king while his son was away. She waved at King Blackwell to attract his attention.
King Blackwell looked at them, squinting as though he had trouble seeing clearly.
As Electra and Dagon moved closer, leading their horses behind them, he held out his hand in greeting. “What brings the two of you from your lovely village of Helsop?” He smirked at what he believed was clever sarcasm.
“Just seemed time for a visit,” Dagon replied, innocently. He thrust his chin in the direction of the charging soldiers. “You expecting trouble?”
“The Army has gotten fat and lazy,” the old King grumbled. “Prince Blackwell coddles them. Decided it was time they earn their keep.” Blackwell eyed them sternly but Electra could see that he was secretly happy to see them. “You might as well come in then. I suppose you’re hungry. Never have enough to eat in that great icicle you call home.”
“Are Serafina and Prince Blackwell here?” Electra asked.
“No, they’ve gone after Shalin,” Blackwell replied.
“Where is Shalin?” Electra asked, already apprehensive.
King Blackwell shrugged. “Looks as though she stowed away on Phinn’s ship. Those quiet ones – you never know what they’re thinking.” He smiled. “My son was shocked. Never thought his little girl would lie to him. He can be naïve at times, especially when it comes to his own family.”
Electra was shocked as well. Does that mean I was as naïve as Blackwell when it came to Shalin? “How do you know she stowed away?” 
“She left a letter for her parents. Said she just had to go off to sea. Begged for forgiveness.”
“Perhaps she was kidnapped. Was the letter in her handwriting?” Electra asked.
King Blackwell nodded. “Of course it was. She’d been after her father for weeks, wanting to go on an adventure. Everyone thinks their children are perfect – until they aren’t.”
Electra took a deep breath. “I suppose she will be safe with Phinn.” She looked up at the old King. “Why did they decide to go after her?”
“Phinn was headed to Manoa. Had orders to—never mind that. My son doesn’t trust King Gundar, and Gundar practically lives there in Manoa now. They were afraid King Gundar might find out about Shalin’s powers and try something – maybe kidnapping.”
“This is unsettling news,” Electra fretted.
“Speaking of that, where is Esme?” King Blackwell asked. “I thought she was with you two in Helsop, studying herbs or some such nonsense.”
Electra frowned but decided now was not the time for a discussion about the importance of herbal medicine. “My parents came to visit and Esme left with them for a stay at Fernland. I believe she wanted to make sure her wolf’s pack was all right.”
“Did her other wolf die?” Blackwell asked, hesitantly.
“No, he made a full recovery,” Electra said, with a hint of pride in her voice.
“Is that a fact?” Blackwell’s eyes welled up with moisture.
Electra could tell he was happy for Esme’s sake. His voice had grown husky and he turned away quickly.
“Let me see if I can find someone to give us lunch.” Blackwell frowned. “The kitchen staff seems to think they’re all on vacation now that I’m the only one left to feed.”
Electra and Dagon handed off their horses to a castle guard and walked into the castle’s dining room while Blackwell made a detour into the kitchen. They could hear him shouting orders to the cook.
Electra leaned in close to speak softly to her husband. “I think we should go on to Fernland to make sure Esme is safe. These new acts of independence on the twins’ part are worrisome.”
“I believe they have always had independent streaks.” Dagon faced his wife with a wry smile. “They are, after all, Serafina’s daughters.”
“They do not realize how valuable their gifts could be to the wrong people. They do not take proper precautions.”
Dagon nodded slowly, considering his wife’s words. “It would not hurt to pay a visit to Fernland. We could tell your father about the reward King Gundar has offered for the whereabouts of Henge’s white powder supply. Gundar may have sent people from Sandovia to search through Fernland as well.”
Electra worried her bottom lip with her teeth. “Do you think we should tell old King Blackwell?”
“No,” Dagon said forcefully. “Absolutely not. He might send the Army to Helsop to arrest them.”
“Yes, of course he would. I am not thinking clearly,” Electra acknowledged. “I am too worried about the twins. Do you think we need to worry about the safety of Gregor and Soren?”
“No. They wanted to stay with Isa. They are safe with her and Olaf. Olaf knows what the two men from Sandovia are looking for and will watch them. Besides, their daughters are there at the school. They will tire themselves out with searching but there is nothing to find.” Dagon ran his fingers through his hair, thinking. “Did you notice old Blackwell’s hesitation when he spoke of Phinn’s orders for this voyage? What do you suppose he was hesitant to divulge?”
“I did notice. I do not know, but we both know Phinn is secretly charged with gathering information on any kingdom he visits. And we know that their real supply of white powder comes from Manoa, where both Phinn and the Blackwells are now headed.  It must have something to do with that.”
“Yes, I suppose.” Dagon’s brow wrinkled as he contemplated the situation and seemed on the verge of a statement. He stayed quiet as the door to the kitchen opened and the old King came out.
“It looks as though we may have some lunch after all.” Blackwell seemed more jovial now. He looked at Dagon. “Perhaps after lunch you would like to participate in our maneuvers. I thought I might simulate an attack from Sandovians circling round to surprise us from the East. We might find they have sent scouts to estimate our strength against an attack overland.”
Electra and Dagon exchanged furtive glances.
“Amusing that you might imagine that,” Dagon said slowly. “As it happens we have two Sandovian men visiting Helsop just now.”
“What!” Blackwell shouted.
Dagon patted the air with his hand in a calming gesture. “No, no. They are not spies. They have only come to escort their daughters. The girls are enrolled in the school of medicine.”
“Is that a fact?” Blackwell glared at his guests. “And you believe them?”
“Yes,” Electra insisted, trying to avoid looking directly into King Blackwell’s eyes. “The girls are quite keen to study herbal medicine.”
“They had best stay put there at the school, then,” Blackwell growled. After a moment his expression brightened. “Will you participate in our maneuvers then?”
Dagon hesitated. “We have decided to go on to Fernland to check on Esme. But we will stay until we find a ship ready to sail south.”
“Good.” Blackwell looked as though he had just won a small victory. “We could use a fresh face in our ranks.”

Chapter 48

An Island off Africa

The captain and passengers of the Jungle Queen waited aboard ship for the first signs of a breeze. Off to the east large mushroom-shaped thunderheads rose high in the air above the African coast. As the towering clouds moved closer, waves of air began to eddy out from them.
The captain looked first hopeful, then concerned, and began shouting orders. The men gathering turtles ashore were summoned back to the ship.
“These clouds, should they rise high enough, could bring on a hurricane,” the captain warned his passengers. “We need to head back to the African coast quickly before we are swept away to the ends of the earth.”
As soon as all were aboard, the captain ordered the sails set and took the helm, tacking into the east wind.
“We will try to reach Eko, a port on the coast of Africa,” the captain explained. “If we can reach the lagoon, we will be protected from the storm.”
The ship had not gone far before the pieces of wood hastily glued into the oar holes were pushed out by waves gushing water into the hull. All aboard were ordered to form a bucket brigade to bail out the water and keep the ship afloat.
Serafina and Prince Blackwell joined the bucket line as higher waves rocked the ship. The howling of the wind rose to a deafening volume.
No one stopped to eat or drink or rest. They clung to the stair rails with one hand and clutched each bucket passed up to the deck with their other hand. Those standing topside tied themselves to the ship’s rigging to avoid being swept overboard by wind and waves.
Hours turned into days before land was sighted. All aboard were at the end of their strength as the captain maneuvered the ship into Eko, past an island of mangroves and into a fresh water swamp surrounded by thick foliage.
As the anchor went down, so did the passengers and crew of the Jungle Queen. They fell to the deck, melting in the heat and humidity of the jungle around them, too exhausted to move.

Eventually, Serafina and Blackwell, drenched and spent, stood at the stern of the battered ship, looking out at several other ships that had found sanctuary here from the storm. Among them was the Pride of Manoa.
The captain of their own ship was already busy taking inventory of damages. He approached his royal passengers shaking his head. “I am afraid we will be here for some time making repairs. The oar holes we were forced to cut need to be patched and our torn sails mended or replaced before we continue on to Manoa. It could be a month or more.”
“We will check with the Captain of the Pride of Manoa,” Prince Blackwell decided. “If he has had better luck in the storm, we will transfer ships.”
The captain nodded briefly and got back to work.
“We had best ask for a shore boat to take us to the Pride of Manoa, before all the small boats are put to other use,” Serafina advised.
Prince Blackwell, wanting nothing so much as sleep, nodded. “Yes, you are correct. I will arrange it.”
Within minutes they had transferred their luggage to the shore boat and a crew member rowed them to the Pride of Manoa anchored nearby.
“Hello the ship,” Prince Blackwell called. “Permission to come aboard and speak to the captain.”
The Captain of the Pride of Manoa was soon at the railing, staring down at passengers he knew well from previous voyages.
“The Blackwells of Henge.” He saluted. “Welcome aboard.” He signaled for a crew man to throw a rope ladder down the side of the ship.
Serafina climbed up first. Prince Blackwell handed up their luggage and followed, dismissing the oarsman with thanks to return to his own ship.
“How fared you in the storm?” the captain asked.
“We survived, but the Jungle Queen suffered major damage,” Prince Blackwell told him. “The crew may be here a month or more making repairs.”
The captain shook his head in sympathy for the Jungle Queen’s crew. “We were fortunate to be close by when the hurricane hit. Which direction are you headed?” 
“South for Manoa. What about you?” Blackwell asked.
“We have just come from Manoa. We are on our way north to Lands End.” The captain motioned toward the village of Eko. “We do not often stop here. Eko has hard woods, ivory and live jungle animals to export, but we have little call for such items.”
“Did you see Phinn the Ambassador while you were in Manoa?” Serafina asked.
“Aye, he was there. We saw his troupe perform before we left. An amazing show of magic.” The captain smiled, remembering.
“Did you see our daughter Shalin there?” Prince Blackwell asked.
The captain nodded. “Yes, she played the flute.  She is quite a good musician.”
Serafina and Prince Blackwell shared a knowing glance. 
“Do you think they are still there in Manoa?” Serafina asked.
“No, I am sure they are not. They left before we did. Were you on your way to Manoa to watch your daughter perform?”
“Yes,” Serafina fibbed. “Since she is already on her way home, we may as well travel north with you instead. Would that be possible?”
“Yes, of course.” the captain pointed to the sky. “We will have to wait out the storm, but as soon as it moves on, we will continue on our way. I’ll have the purser show you to a cabin.”
The captain left to find the purser as Serafina and Prince Blackwell waited at the railing with their luggage.
“I suppose she is in no danger now from King Gundar.” Serafina surmised.
“Phinn may be planning to explore more islands on his return trip.” Prince Blackwell let out a deeply held breath. “They may not be in danger from King Gundar, but they may be out in the storm.” He looked out at the receding dark cloud on its way to the ends of the earth.
“The Kingdom of Henge is a fast ship. Hopefully they sailed ahead of the storm.” Serafina shrugged. “Our worrying will not help them. Since we are here we might do a bit of exploring before our ship sets sail for Lands End.”
“The only thing I wish to explore is my quarters—in hopes of finding a bed,” Prince Blackwell protested.
“You are in luck.” Serafina smiled. “Here comes the purser.”

After a good night’s sleep and a hearty breakfast, Princess Serafina and Prince Blackwell set out on a shore boat for Eko’s marketplace.
The storm had passed leaving heat and humidity in its wake. Vendors were setting up their stalls as Serafina and Prince Blackwell arrived.
One man sold red and orange bolts of linen cloth. A row of bronze masks, beautifully sculpted, lined one edge of his table. Serafina held up a mask and asked the price in several languages. He held up a bolt of orange cloth instead and showed her the number of coins needed to purchase it.
Serafina smiled and walked on. “It seems not everything here is for sale,” she concluded. “At least not to foreigners.”
Blackwell nodded in a distracted fashion. His attention was captured by a very large cage on wheels holding a huge ape.
Serafina followed his gaze. “I believe it is called a gorilla. I have heard of them. They live here in family groups. Very strong animals.”
“Amazing.” Blackwell started to move in for a closer look when a man in a white turban and orange robes passed by with a donkey fitted out with chains to pull the cage to the shade of a nearby grove of trees.
They moved on to a vendor who sold blank scrolls made of papyrus. Serafina removed several coins from her tunic and held them up to ask how many scrolls her coins would buy.
“Three.” the man spoke in English. He was dressed in a blue robe with a blue turban and a thin blue veil hiding his face.
Serafina was surprised to hear him speak English. “Have you any codices written in English or Latin? Any ancient manuscripts?” she asked.
“No, but I will buy any that you might have,” he offered.
She handed over her coins and took possession of the three blank scrolls.
“Are you a collector of manuscripts?” she asked.
“I am a trader,” he replied.
“Who do you buy for?” she asked.
“Many people,” he said in a vague manner, placing her coins in an iron box. “People who wish to remain unnamed.” he peered at them with dark eyes above the blue veil. 
As they walked away, Prince Blackwell noted, “This is a strange marketplace, merchandise not for sale and secret buyers.”
“Indeed.” Serafina took in the whole of the market with discerning eyes.  “We must visit here again when we have more time to investigate.”
Prince Blackwell frowned. “Perhaps in the very distant future.”

Chapter 49

Kingdom of Fernland

Esme heard a soft knock on her door and quickly brushed away her tears with the sleeve of her blouse. Today was court day for Fernland and her wolf’s killer would likely be sentenced to death or a lifetime in the dungeon.
“Come in,” she called out, expecting Queen Delphinia to walk through the door.
Instead it was Princess Electra who entered with a disarming smile.
“Esme, how good it is to see you. We have missed you at the school of medicine. I hear from Delphinia that your wolf has rejoined his pack.” Electra looked more closely at Esme. “Have you been crying?”
As more tears slipped from her eyes, Esme wiped them away. “No, of course not. It is good to see you. Why are you here?”
“Not so fast.” Electra tilted her head and waited. “First tell me why you are crying.”
Esme sat down on her bed. Electra sat beside her.
“I have meddled where I should not have and now a man may be put to death as a result.” More tears escaped from her closed eyes.
“What man is this?” Electra asked gently.
“He is the man who killed my wolf.” Esme sniffed and wiped her cheek with a finger.
Electra knew her best chance of hearing the whole story was to stay silent. After a minute of quiet, Esme continued.
“He was arrested for poaching, because I insisted on finding the person who killed my wolf. After he was thrown in the dungeon, I went there to accuse him. I said, ‘you killed my wolf.’ I wanted him to admit it and beg my forgiveness, which I would never give. Instead he thought I was there to thank him for killing a wolf that was giving me trouble. He hoped I would tell King Geoffrey how grateful I was for his killing a wolf. He begged me to promise I would speak on his behalf at court.”
Electra shook her head slowly and hugged Esme. “What did you say to his request?”
“I told him I would do what I could.”
Electra hugged her tighter. “My sweet Esme. Have you spoken to King Geoffrey?”
“No. And I do not wish to keep my promise and appear in court. What would I say? Please save this man that I myself wanted to kill? I feel a fool.”
Electra rested her chin on top of Esme’s head. “I did not know that you wanted to kill the man who killed your wolf, but of course you would have felt that way. You loved your wolf as a friend, as a brother.”
A new flood of tears followed Electra’s sympathetic response.
“We will go together to ask King Geoffrey for leniency on your behalf. How does that sound? I see no need for you to appear in court. We will speak to him at once, before court commences.”
Esme hiccupped before nodding. “He does not seem to be such an evil man as I imagined. He actually seemed quite pitiful.”
Electra kissed the top of Esme’s head. “He may be a poacher, and he would know that is a serious offense. I am more concerned with you than with him. To see you have a forgiving heart makes me proud to be your foster sister.”
Do I have a forgiving heart? Esme wondered, or do I just not want to appear the fool that I have become?
Esme rinsed her face and eyes with water from a bowl. “Thank you for thinking me a good person, even if I am not.” She dried her face with a towel. “But why have you come to Fernland?”
Electra hesitated. “It seems your twin, Shalin, has stowed away on Phinn’s ship for the voyage to Manoa, and your mother and father have gone to Manoa to find her. I thought I should come to make sure you are safe and perhaps escort you back to Helsop.”
Esme’s mouth dropped open. “Shalin – a stowaway? Are you sure?”
“Nothing seems sure right now. But it seems likely. She left a note.”
Esme’s face turned from shock to amusement. “And I thought I was the black sheep.”
“Neither of you is a black sheep. We do not know the whole story as yet,” Electra cautioned.
Esme did not feel guilty about her unexpected good spirits. Shalin had always been the obedient daughter, the studious one. Perhaps we are not so different after all.

King Geoffrey was in consultation with Muller the Spy when Esme and Electra arrived at the throne room. Outside the throne room, advocates and petitioners were already gathering, ready to begin their day in court.
Electra spoke to the guard stationed beside the door to the dungeon at the wall opposite the entrance to the throne room.
“We need to have a few words with King Geoffrey before court begins,” she told the guard.
“I will inform him.” The guard saluted and moved closer to the king.
They waited until Muller the Spy stood up and walked away, ready to execute the King’s orders. Then the guard approached King Geoffrey and pointed to Electra and Esme.
King Geoffrey smiled when he saw his daughter, Electra, and walked over to greet her.
“Electra!” He smiled and hugged her. “I am so happy to see you. When did you arrive in Fernland?”
“Only an hour or so ago. I knew you would be busy with court today. So far I have seen only Mother and now Esme, and we have a favor to ask.”
“And what is that?” Geoffrey asked, grinning. “Half my kingdom?”
Esme squirmed a bit under Geoffrey’s gaze.
Electra put her arm around Esme’s shoulders. “Esme is hoping you will have mercy on the poacher who also killed her wolf.”
King Geoffrey looked surprised. “Is that so? I had thought to be especially hard on him because of it. Did you not love your wolf as a pet?”
Esme nodded. “But he thought I would be happy that he killed a wolf that was a menace. He could not imagine anyone loving a wolf.”
King Geoffrey looked at the young girl with downcast eyes. “And you know this, how?”
Esme took a deep breath. “I went down to the dungeon to accuse him to his face of being a murderer.”
King Geoffrey’s face turned a shade of red. “And my guard allowed this?”
Esme shook her head. It seemed she had a new special power, one of getting people in trouble. “It was not his fault. I used my special powers to get past him without his knowing.”
“I see.” The anger had not left King Geoffrey’s face. “Poaching is a serious offense. If he is proven to be a poacher, he will not be spared punishment, but if it is your wish, I will spare his life.”
“Thank you.” Esme was sincere in her gratitude. “I am sorry for going to the dungeon without permission.”
King Geoffrey made a huffing sound in his throat. “All right. You are forgiven. But see that it does not happen again.”
Esme made a small curtsy. “Yes, Your Majesty.”
“Now,” King Geoffrey stated, “If you have no further business, I believe it is time for court to commence.”
Electra and Esme turned to go. King Geoffrey called out to Electra. “Did you bring Dagon and the boys?”
Electra turned back. “Just Dagon. The boys wanted to stay and go fishing.”
King Geoffrey smiled. “Fishing, is it?” He made a dismissive wave with his hand. “Go along then. We will have more time together later.”

Electra took Esme to the kitchen where they begged a cup of tea which they took outside to drink in the courtyard.
“Is your visit here completed then?” Electra asked.
Esme nodded. “My other wolf chose to rejoin his pack.” She took a sip of tea. “Dag and Tandor are angry at me for involving them in the arrest of the poacher.”
“Tandor was often angry at me when he acted as my bodyguard,” Electra confessed. “He will forgive you. And Dag is your friend. He has to forgive you.”
Esme smiled. “Yes, I think Dag has already forgiven me.”
“We will need to stay a few days for the sake of courtesy, but then we will return to Helsop. I do not want to leave Gregor and Soren too long in Helsop without us.” Electra pointed her cup in Esme’s direction. “And what of you? Are you homesick now for your family in Henge or do you wish to return to your studies in Helsop?”
Esme gave the question some thought. She was surprised to realize she actually missed her studies in Helsop. “Perhaps I should go back to Henge at least until Shalin returns. She has never been in trouble before. She may need my help. But after that I would like to continue my studies in Helsop.”
Electra smiled. “I would like that as well.”

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra came to Esme’s room the day after Farmer Stone the Poacher was sentenced to five years in Fernland’s dungeon. They had an appointment to see Muller the Spy’s wife, Angelica, who had recently given birth to a baby girl.
“We will want to check the baby for any irregularities or signs of distress,” Electra instructed. “Human medicine is not so different from animal medicine, as you will see. Angelica is an old friend. We have known one another from the time we both lived in Lands End. I saw her briefly yesterday at court and promised I would visit before leaving for Helsop. She will be happy to see us.”
Esme nodded and took up the small bag she carried now that she was a student of medicine. It contained bandages and a collection of herbal teas.

Angelica opened her door with her baby at her shoulder.
“Electra! I am so happy you found the time to call on us. I know Queen Delphinia keeps you busy whenever you visit Fernland.  Come in, please. And who is this with you?”
“Esme, meet my friend Angelica. Esme is my cousin, Serafina’s daughter. But I think of her as my foster sister.”
Angelica smiled and held out her free hand to shake. “I know your mother, Serafina, quite well. She helped me escape a bad situation at Lands End. I will always be grateful to her.”
Esme stood amazed by what she heard. No one had ever been grateful to her mother before as far as she knew. Most people were afraid of Serafina.
“I will tell her you remember her fondly,” Esme promised.
“Yes, please do.” Angelica turned her baby from her shoulder to face her guests. “And this is young Luna, now four months old.”
The baby studied them with large dark eyes.
Electra reached out for the baby. “May I hold her?”
“Of course.” Angelica beamed with pride.
The little girl allowed herself to be transferred to the stranger’s arms where she reached out to grasp Electra’s necklace.
“She is a true Gypsy girl.” Angelica smiled. “She likes shiny things.”
Electra appeared to be admiring the baby but Esme knew she was actually examining her – checking her eyes, her reflexes, her strength, hefting her to judge her weight.
“What a precious thing you are, Luna,” Electra crooned. Looking up from the child, she asked Angelica, “Does she sleep through the night as yet?”
Angelica let out a deep breath. “No, not yet. I think she misses Nicu. He used to sing and play the fiddle for her.”
“Where is Nicu?” Electra asked with some alarm.
“He has gone off with Shandor to perform in Phinn’s acting troupe. They have been gone too long. We miss him so much.”
Electra rocked her body back and forth as she held Luna. “It seems Esme’s sister, Shalin, may be aboard the Kingdom of Henge along with Nicu. She sometimes joins the acting troupe as a flute player.”
“I did not know.” Angelica retrieved her child from Electra’s arms. “Serafina allows this?”
Electra was saved from answering by a shout from Muller the Spy who was running in their direction. They were still standing just inside the open doorway to Angelica’s cottage.
Electra and Esme moved closer to the fireplace to make room for Muller.
“What has happened?” Angelica asked.
Muller stepped inside and caught his breath. “The Kingdom of Henge has been sighted. It has just entered the estuary. Our Nicu is home at last.”
Esme gave Electra a sharp glance. That meant Shalin might be on the ship as well.
“We should all ride down to King’s Lake to meet him,” Electra proposed.
“Yes.” Angelica’s excitement was evident. “We must. Usually Phinn only stays long enough to drop off Nicu and my father, Shandor. Otherwise Delphinia tries to coerce him into putting on a performance here in Fernland.”
Electra laughed. “In that case we had best invite my mother to come along. Otherwise she will be cross with me for ruining her chance for a performance.” 
Angelica smiled at Muller. “Perhaps the queen will invite us to go in the royal carriage.”
Muller frowned. “Go and make whatever arrangements you wish. I will go on horseback myself to be sure someone is there to meet Nicu.”

Electra convinced Angelica to pack up what she needed for the outing and come with her to speak to Queen Delphinia.
“She likely already knows the Kingdom of Henge has been sighted,” Electra predicted. “She may be trying to find Esme and me to accompany her to King’s Lake.”
This did, in fact, turn out to be the case. As soon as they arrived at the castle, a page informed them that the Queen was looking for them. They found her in her room, choosing the proper clothes in which to greet Ambassador Phinn.
“There you are, my dears. And…, you are Muller’s wife, ah…,” She stopped.
“Angelica,” Electra prompted.
“Of course, Angelica. I am so bad with remembering names.”
“Angelica’s son Nicu is returning with the acting troupe. He and his grandfather are on the ship.”
“Then you must come with us,” Delphinia said. “I hope I can convince Phinn to put on a performance while he is here in Fernland. I had no idea your son was part of the acting troupe. What is his name?”
“Nicu,” Angelica said. “And thank you. Luna and I would love to accompany you.”
Delphinia stopped rummaging through her clothes long enough to step forward and admire Luna. “What a beautiful baby. Look at that glossy head of hair. Do you suppose she might become an actress as well?”
Angelica winced. “I hope not. I miss Nicu too much while he is gone.”
Electra cleared her throat to garner her mother’s attention. “There is the possibility that Shalin will be aboard as well.”

Once aboard the Royal carriage, Electra went into more detail about Shalin’s voyage with the acting troupe. “Rumor has it Shalin was forbidden to go on this trip and so she stowed away.”
“Shalin?” Queen Delphinia shook her head. “I would not have thought it of her. What is the basis of the rumor?”
“Dagon and I stopped at Henge’s castle on the way here. Old King Blackwell said she had left a message asking for forgiveness for disobeying her father.”
Delphinia made a face that mimicked finding a bad taste in one’s mouth. “And what did her mother say?”
“Serafina and Prince Blackwell were not there when Dagon and I arrived in Henge. They had already left for Manoa in hopes of finding Shalin and bringing her home.”
Delphinia’s mouth made a little circle of surprise. “Dear me,” she murmured. “Then I hope we will find her aboard the Kingdom of Henge, or at least an accounting of her whereabouts.”

They waited an hour inside the carriage for the ship to enter King’s Lake. Angelica had nursed her baby to sleep and carried her down the beach to stand by her husband as the ship dropped anchor.
Delphinia, Electra and Esme stepped outside the carriage to search the deck for Shalin. They saw her and began to wave.
Even at a distance, Shalin seemed surprised to find a welcoming committee. She came ashore with Phinn, Drake and Juanita on the first shore boat.
Once ashore, Shalin hung back a little, unsure of a welcome. Electra and Esme rushed to hug her.
“Shalin, you are safe.” Electra’s relief was evident in the strength of her embrace.
Shalin shook her head. “I doubt that. I believe I am in great trouble with my parents.”
“You are,” Esme cried gleefully as she hugged her sister.

Chapter 51

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin scrutinized the members of her welcoming committee as Delphinia moved closer. No one seemed angry.
Delphinia hugged her niece and kissed the top of her head. “We are so relieved to see you. Is it true you stowed away on Phinn’s ship?”
Shalin looked down at her feet. “Yes,” she whispered.
Phinn approached the queen together with his wife, Juanita, and his son, Drake. “I am sorry about taking Shalin along. Have you heard from Henge about their reaction to finding her gone?” Phinn asked.
“It is not your fault, Uncle Phinn. The blame is mine,” Shalin insisted.
Electra put her hand on Shalin’s shoulder. “Your mother and father have gone to Manoa to find you.”
Shalin looked up sharply. “Why? I left them a note. They know I will be back with the acting troupe.”
Electra shrugged. “I do not know why. Perhaps they thought you were in danger in Manoa.”
“They will likely never forgive me,” Shalin muttered.
“Worse,” Esme teased. “They will likely never let you out of their sight.”
Shalin did not see the humor in what was probably a true statement.
“No matter.” Queen Delphinia smiled at her niece. “We are so happy to see all of you.” Turning her attention to Phinn, she pleaded, “Please tell me you will be here long enough to put on a performance. It has been too long since you have visited us here in Fernland.”
Phinn gave the queen a gracious smile. “If Serafina and Prince Blackwell are gone, I suppose there is no hurry to get back to Henge.”
Delphinia clapped her hands joyously. “Exactly! You must stay with us at the castle. I will have rooms made up for your whole troupe.”
Phinn held up a hand, palm out. “That will not be necessary. We can sleep aboard the Kingdom of Henge. While we are here we should take a look at our old theater. It is likely there are some repairs to be made.”
“As you wish,” Delphinia agreed. “I will tell Prince Avor to make men available to you should you need help or materials. But you and your family must at least join us for dinner tonight.” She included Juanita and Drake in her glance. “I will send the carriage back for you.”
“Thank you.” Phinn made the short bow he had perfected since becoming an ambassador.
Electra put her hand on her mother’s arm as she pointed to Angelica and Muller the Spy, who were busy welcoming Nicu and Shandor back home. “I will ask Angelica if she wants to ride back in the carriage or would prefer to stay here with her family.”
When Electra returned she told her mother, “Angelica and Muller want to stay here and listen to Shandor’s account of the voyage. They are thrilled to have their son, Nicu, and his grandfather back home.”
Delphinia nodded. “Come along then, girls. We can catch up on one another’s news on our way back to the castle.” With a wave in Phinn’s direction, Delphinia ushered Shalin and Esme into the carriage.
When they were settled in the carriage and on their way back to the castle, Delphinia began her interrogation of Shalin. “You must tell us about your trip to Manoa. It is such a beautiful place. Did they like your performance?”
Shalin smiled. “Yes, very much. They were quite taken with the magic parts.”
“You mean the illusions,” Delphinia corrected.
Shalin could see in Delphinia’s mind that she was anxious lest Shalin had used her special powers to enliven the production.
Shalin nodded. “Yes, of course, I mean the illusions. They tried their best to figure out how they were created.”
“And did they?” Electra asked. “Figure them out?”
“I do not think so. One lady offered to pay me if I would tell her the secret behind the girls dancing in bubbles.”
“Did you tell her?” Electra asked.
“No. Magicians never give away their secrets,” Shalin stated.
Delphinia rubbed her hands together enthusiastically. “I can hardly wait to see your performance.”

When the carriage reached the castle, Shalin said she was very tired and Delphinia reluctantly allowed the twins to retire to their room.
Shalin and Esme both plopped down on the bed.
“Tell me everything,” Esme demanded. “How did you manage to escape unnoticed?”
Shalin told her sister how she had dressed in black, assembled her provisions and left her father believing she was on her way to Helsop. “I do not think I could have fooled mother had she been there, but she was still with you and Electra in Helsop.”
“How long did you stay hidden in your closet on board?” Esme asked, enthralled with her sister’s adventure.
“Only a day before Nicu, Muller the Spy’s son, found me,” Shalin admitted, “but I convinced him to keep my secret. He brought me food from the galley. He wants to be a spy like his father, but for now he plays the violin like his grandfather. His grandfather, by the way, thinks you and I are the devil’s spawn.”
“Why?” Esme asked, shocked.
“Because our mother locked him in Henge’s dungeon. He drinks a lot of wine.”
“Is that why she locked him in the dungeon?”
“I do not know for sure, but I am sure he hates us.”
Esme nodded. “Was it worth it? Stowing away? Was it worth all the trouble you will bring on yourself?”
Shalin reached for her bag and pulled out the bronze plaque. “Perhaps. We stopped at some islands and I found this in a jumble of rocks that was once a ziggurat.”
“What is it?” Esme ran her fingers over the indented letters.
“I do not know yet, but I am sure Mother will know.”
Esme nodded her agreement. “Perhaps Electra would know. Do you think they are Greek letters?”
“They are different. I know enough Greek to know that much. But our island stops were a secret mission. We were looking for guano. We should probably not tell Electra.”
“Did you find a new source of guano?” Esme asked.
“Yes. And that means we will have to go back.” Shalin clasped the bronze plaque tight against her chest. “I hope this plaque will prove to be important.” Shalin put the plaque back in her bag and looked suspiciously at her sister. “And what of you? Why are you here in Fernland?” She stopped talking and covered her mouth with her hand. “You came here to find your wolf’s killer! Do not deny it. You only pretended to study medicine until Electra brought you here for a visit.”
“Not exactly, but close.” Esme lowered her voice. “I came with Dag and Tandor and they found my wolf’s killer. He was also a poacher. He is in the dungeon two levels below us as we speak.”
“I am glad you did not try to kill him.” Shalin shivered at the thought. “I know you wanted to do so.”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “I snuck down to the dungeon to confront him.”
Shalin gasped. “No! Did you truly?”
Esme nodded. “I did confront him. I said, ‘You killed my wolf.’ I do not know what I expected him to say in his defense. Nor do I know what I would have done if he had denied it.”
“He admitted it?” Shalin said, hardly daring to breathe.
“He shouted for joy, thinking he had done me a favor and I would defend him in court.”
Shalin shook her head slowly. “What did you say?”
“I looked into his mind. He was so pitiful. The dungeon is horrible. It is dark and it smells. And he was so afraid.” Esme shrugged. “I told him I would do what I could.”
Shalin was shocked and still for a moment. Then she hugged her sister. “I knew you were not a killer in your heart.”
Esme smiled. “No, now I have become the good daughter,” she teased.
Shalin pushed her sister over on the bed and the two rolled and tussled, laughing jubilantly to be reunited.

Chapter 52

Kingdom of Fernland

That evening at dinner, Phinn was seated next to Prince Avor who sat at King Geoffrey’s right hand. Queen Delphinia shared the head of the table at the king’s left. To Queen Delphinia’s left sat Electra, Dagon, Shalin and Esme. High court officials and members of the acting troupe filled the remaining seats around a long table.
As soon as the soup course was served, Phinn decided it was safe to deliver the message that must be relayed. “I believe the ship King Gundar will be visiting soon. Prince Oswald was following us, but the Kingdom of Henge is a faster ship and he was not able to keep pace.”
King Geoffrey seemed to express mild interest for the sake of politeness. “Why would Prince Oswald want to follow you?” he asked in an amused tone of voice.
 Phinn took some time before answering. He knew Queen Delphinia valued him for the entertainment he could provide, but he also knew that King Geoffrey still thought of him as the ragged orphan thief who once lived homeless in Fernland’s marketplace. Should I tell the truth? That Oswald is trying to find the source of Henge’s white exploding powder? 
Shalin had been reading Phinn’s mind and decided to come to his aid. She owed him a great deal for not treating her as the criminal she had become for stowing away on his ship. She knew Phinn would be in trouble with Prince Blackwell should he give any hint of his assignment to find a new source of niter since their previous source off the coast of Manoa was now depleted.
Shalin blurted out suddenly to King Geoffrey, “Prince Oswald wants to find Henge’s source of exploding white powder. He hopes Phinn will lead him to it.” 
“Indeed?” King Geoffrey commented, surprised. He smiled at the girl. Shalin read his mind. Perhaps she is not the scheming apprentice sorceress I had judged her to be. Perhaps she is just a normal young girl anxious to please. He smiled at her. “That is actually a thing I should like to know myself. Perhaps I should put the King Geoffrey to work following behind the King Gundar to form a parade.” He laughed at his joke. It was common knowledge that Fernland already had an abundance of the exploding white powder coming from China and he had no need to know Henge’s source.
“It grows worse, I fear,” Phinn continued, holding up a fork to garner the king’s attention. “Oswald intends to stay here around Fernland’s harbor and follow the King Geoffrey when it makes its next trip abroad. At least he hinted at that. Perhaps he was joking as well.”
Prince Avor looked straight ahead, neither at Phinn nor at his father as he made what seemed to be a pronouncement or a proclamation. “That will not be allowed.”
“No, it will not be,” King Geoffrey hurried to add, lest it appear his son rather than he himself was the one in authority. “I will tell him myself when he arrives that such a thing will be seen as an act of war and we will react accordingly.” He glanced at Avor but Avor had gone back to eating.
Shalin had the impression that Avor would not have bothered to give Prince Oswald a warning.
Headman Dagon was watching this little drama intently. He glanced at Electra who gave a little shrug. “I am not surprised to hear this account,” he began. “We have had a related occurrence in Helsop.”
Prince Avor looked up, putting down his knife to give Dagon his full attention.
Dagon cleared his throat in preparation for a lengthy explanation. “Electra recently received two new students from Sandovia. They were accompanied by their fathers who asked permission to camp on the shores of Cold Lake, supposedly to be nearby in case their daughters changed their minds about staying. They explained this could easily happen since Helsop was a very different place from what the girls were accustomed to in Sandovia.”
This comment drew a wry smile from Avor. He no doubt imagined anyplace would compare favorably with Helsop.
“It seemed a reasonable story until the two men began asking questions about mines in the area,” Dagon continued.
Phinn nodded. “King Gundar has offered his people a reward for any information that leads to finding the source of Henge’s white powder. I do not know the amount but it must be sizable to foster such an expensive scheme on the part of your visitors.”
Dagon seemed to agree. “I thought of telling your father about our visitors when we came through Henge, but I feared he might act, ah…, somewhat precipitously. As it was he insisted I take part in his practice maneuvers. He is prepared, should Sandovia mount an overland attack on Henge.”
Phinn sighed. “Has he any reason to suspect such an attack?”
“Not that I am aware of,” Dagon said.
Phinn shook his head slowly, his expression showing his embarrassment for his father’s warlike inclinations. “Thank you for telling me first.”
“If there are no more secrets to be shared, perhaps we can get back to our dinner,” King Geoffrey said. He glanced at Phinn. “I take it Prince Oswald had no success in finding the source of your exploding powder by following you?”
Phinn smiled. “I suppose any effort on his part to follow the King Geoffrey to China would answer that question.”
“Hummp,” was King Geoffrey’s only reply.

Queen Delphinia spoke up, now that the conversation about weapons was finally over. “Please tell us about your latest production, Phinn. I must get the word out as soon as possible that you have come back to Fernland. When do you propose to put on a performance?”
“I believe we can be ready the day after tomorrow, if that would satisfy.”
“Excellent,” Queen Delphinia said, clasping her hands together. “I am all aflutter with expectation. And what an added bonus it is to have my daughter, Electra, my son-in-law, Dagon, and my twin nieces here for the occasion. I only wish my grandsons were here to see it.”
“They have already seen it,” Electra told her mother. “It will be the same play Phinn put on in Helsop as a practice performance before going off to perform it for other kingdoms.”
Queen Delphinia’s eyes grew wide. “A practice performance? I did not know you did practice performances, Phinn. Fernland would be honored if you chose King’s Lake as your testing grounds. You must consider us. The theater at King’s Lake was, after all, built for you and your acting troupe.”
Phinn swallowed quickly. “Of course, and we are grateful.” He looked down the table for support. All the seated actors, who had been listening carefully nodded, their faces brimming with loyal expressions. They were actors, after all.
Shalin poked Esme in the ribs to keep her from laughing and Esme let out a startled yelp which she tried to hide by saying quickly, “I know Shalin would like that. She is a member of the acting troupe now, you know.”
“I do know that,” Queen Delphinia assured her. “And that is another good reason to make it official. I see far too little of my nieces.”
Shalin suddenly saw that this might be a good argument to put forth for her being allowed to accompany the acting troupe in the future. Delphinia wanted to see more of her and an aunt had a right to see her niece.
“I think that could work, do you not, Uncle Phinn?” Shalin asked.
Phinn narrowed his eyes at Shalin. He did not want to commit to holding rehearsals in Fernland, but he was grateful for her jumping in to tell Geoffrey about King Gundar’s hunt for a source of white niter. “Of course that is exactly what we must do. Come first to Fernland to practice our performances.”
Queen Delphinia beamed with pleasure. “What a lovely dinner this has turned out to be. Our wandering minstrels have come home.”

Chapter 53

King’s Lake in Fernland

Phinn’s play went off without a hiccough at King’s Lake in Fernland.  It seemed all the kingdom had turned out to watch, filling the hillside above the lakeside theatre with blankets, lunch baskets and spectators.  At the close of the play the applause lasted through several curtain calls.   
After the applause and congratulations and promises to return, while the members of Phinn’s acting troupe were busy taking down the props and putting away costumes in traveling trunks, two large ships entered King’s Lake – first the King Gundar followed minutes later by the Pride of Manoa.
A few people still lingered on the hillside, chatting with friends and folding up the blankets they had used while watching Phinn’s troupe perform. They all stopped what they were doing to watch the two big ships coming out from the estuary to move across the lake.
Shalin, Nicu, Drake and Esme were standing in a small group where they’d been discussing the magic tricks in the performance.
“Do you suppose Mother and Father might be on the Pride of Manoa?” Shalin asked, watching the ships enter the lake.
Esme shook her head. “Electra said they left on the Jungle Queen.”
“But they might have booked their return on the Pride of Manoa.” Shalin’s face was creased with worry lines.
“You have to face them sometime,” Esme stated.
“I could return to Helsop with you.” Shalin felt a panic coming on. “Electra says she and Dagon are leaving tomorrow. You are going back to Helsop with them are you not?”
Esme shrugged. “Perhaps for a while. The study of medicine is more interesting than I supposed it would be. We spend a lot of time in the forest gathering herbs. And I enjoy hunting with Dag. If I go back to Henge I will have to come up with excuses to avoid studying Latin and astrology and sorcery.”
“Perhaps you would come to enjoy studying those as well if you tried it.” Shalin did not want to face her parents’ wrath alone.
Esme shuddered at the thought. “Never,” she insisted. “I need to be outside, running, hunting. I still feel I am part of a wolf pack even though my pack chooses to live and hunt in Fernland.”
With the black curtain down, everyone could see out the back of the stage. They watched as the two ships came to rest at anchor.
“There’s someone waving at us,” Nicu noticed. “On the deck of the Pride of Manoa.”
“It’s Aunt Serafina.” Drake appeared sure of his identification.
Shalin shielded her eyes from the sun. Drake was right. It was her mother. And walking up beside her mother was her father. He was not waving. She could not see the expression on her father’s face, but she could imagine it. It was too late to try to hide. She took a deep breath and managed a weak wave in return.
Esme and Shalin waited on the beach for the shore boat carrying their parents to arrive. As soon as they set foot on land Shalin said, “I am so sorry.”
Her father put up his palm in a stop gesture. “First we want to make sure you are unharmed. We will listen to apologies later.”
“I am unharmed.” Shalin smiled, grateful for her father’s heartfelt hug.
“We saw Phinn’s ship so we knew you were here, Shalin, but we were surprised to see you as well, Esme.” Serafina gave each of her daughters a hug.
“Electra and Dagon are here as well.” Esme hoped to dodge the implied question and the fact that she came down some time ago in Delphinia’s royal carriage, along with Dag and Tandor.
Serafina looked around at the theatergoers still sitting on the hillside. “Where is Electra?”
“She left a short while ago in the carriage with Aunt Delphinia and Uncle Geoffrey,” Esme explained. “They said they would send the carriage back for us after we helped Phinn break down the stage.”
Serafina moved her attention back to Shalin. “You disobeyed a direct order from your father, Shalin.”
Shalin kept her eyes downcast. “I know. I am sorry.”
“I am sure you are sorry,” Prince Blackwell said in a neutral tone of voice. “And I am sorry that you will now be confined to your room as soon as we reach Henge.”
“Forever?” asked Shalin.
“Perhaps.” There was no humor in her father’s voice.
“We found an island with guano.” Shalin spoke in a small but hopeful voice.
“Did you, now,” Serafina commented. “That is nice, but I believe your father and I have found a better one.”
Shalin raised her eyes to meet her mother’s gaze. “You did?” She paused to consider the possibility of never having the opportunity to revisit her island. “But the one we found had the ruins of a ziggurat. There were people there, too. And I found a bronze plaque with old letters on it. Very old, I think.” The excitement of her discovery crept into her voice. “You will want to see this island.”
“We will speak of it later.” Serafina’s facial features remained composed. “For now your freedom is curtailed. You have proven yourself unworthy of trust.”
Serafina looked to her second daughter. “How goes your study of animal medicine? Will you return to Helsop or go with us back to Henge?”
With a sympathetic glance in her sister’s direction, Esme replied, “I will return to Helsop with Electra and Dagon. We leave tomorrow.”
“Then you must bring me up to date on all you have learned so far.” Serafina seemed genuinely interested. “Here is the carriage returning for you. I am sure your aunt will not object to our accompanying you both back to the castle.”
Shalin pointed in the direction of the lake. “Prince Oswald is coming ashore.” she noted.
“He will have to wait.” Serafina turned away with a flip of her hair. “Our carriage is full.”
The four of them climbed into the carriage and ordered the driver to return to the castle quickly as he would have to make one more trip down to King’s Lake before evening.
Shalin, hoping to find some way to gain favor again in her parents’ eyes, told them Prince Oswald had been following the Kingdom of Henge.
“How do you know this?” Prince Blackwell asked, suspicious now of everything she said.
“He came aboard after we stopped at the island and searched the ship. He asked if we had any exploding white powder aboard.”
Prince Blackwell’s expression seemed to turn darker if that were possible. “And Phinn allowed this?”
“Prince Oswald made it sound as though he was checking to be sure we had enough exploding arrows to protect ourselves in case of pirates. He acted like he was following us for our own safety. But he could not keep up; our ship was faster. We were able to lose him.”
“What cheek,” Blackwell growled.
Shalin hoped he was speaking only of Prince Oswald and not her as well.
“How is your wolf, Esme?” Serafina asked.
“He is fine. I brought him here to Fernland to be sure his pack was safe. He chose to rejoin his pack. We will likely not see him again until next spring.”
“Remarkable.” Serafina looked surprised by the good news. “What other animals have you studied so far?”
“So far only wolves and dogs,” Esme admitted, “but I have learned a good deal about herbs. I like going into the forest.”
“Yes, you would.” Serafina smiled and seemed to relent a bit in her coolness toward Shalin. Looking at her errant daughter kindly, she asked, “Have you the bronze plaque you found on the island, Shalin?”
“Yes, I have it here in my bag.” She pulled it out and handed it to her mother, leaning forward to study it along with Serafina.
Serafina nodded slowly. “Phoenician writing. I know it.” After a few minutes’ scrutiny she returned it to Shalin. “Very interesting. It is a recipe for making Tyrian purple dye out of crushed murex sea snails. In Roman times, only kings were allowed to wear the color purple. The dye was more valuable than gold. It took thousands of murex sea snails to make an ounce of dye. They must have found those murex snails on your island.”
“The people who live there now say they were born there. They do not know where their ancestors came from,” Shalin said.
“They are likely the descendants of slaves brought there to collect the sea snails and make the dye, then abandoned or forgotten when the murex sea snails ran out.”
Abandoned and forgotten, Shalin thought. Much like I will be, alone in my room at the castle.

Chapter 54

Kingdom of Fernland


Four sturdy shire horses pulled the royal carriage up the steep hill to Fernland’s castle. Shalin looked out the carriage window at Fernland’s vast lush forest lands below. She could even see King’s Lake in the distance, a patch of blue amid the forest green connected to the sea by the thin silver line of Fernland’s estuary.
The carriage rumbled over the drawbridge to the castle as her father, Prince Blackwell, sighed heavily.
“I suppose I may as well warn King Geoffrey of Prince Oswald’s threat to follow Fernland’s great ship to China.”
“Yes, such a courtesy would be in your favor,” Serafina agreed. “We do not want King Geoffrey inclined to offer Prince Oswald his surplus of niter powder at a lower price than Oswald is obliged to pay us.”
Shalin saw her aunt, Queen Delphinia, waiting on the steps of the castle. Shalin knew she was expecting only Esme and Shalin to emerge from the royal carriage and would not be overly pleased to find the twins accompanied by her sister, Serafina, and brother-in-law, Prince Blackwell. 
“Serafina. And Prince Blackwell.” Delphinia’s welcome was a bit frosty, as the visitors stepped down from the carriage. “What a surprise. You must have been aboard the Pride of Manoa. We saw the smoke signals from our coastal outpost and knew the Pride had entered the estuary just ahead of the King Gundar.”
“Yes, we were aboard the Pride of Manoa.” Serafina’s nod constituted the whole of her greeting on seeing her sister. “I am told Prince Oswald is likely aboard the King Gundar. You may want to send the royal coach back to bring him to the castle.”
“Only the prince? Not the king and queen?” Delphinia inquired, summoning a page with a wave of her hand.
Serafina shrugged. “According to Shalin, Sandovia’s king and queen are not aboard.”
“It seems we go months without a visitor and then everyone arrives at the same time,” Delphinia complained. “I am sorry to tell you, you have just missed a stellar performance by Phinn and his acting troupe.”
“I am sure we will see it eventually,” Serafina said, dismissively. “We are happy to finally cross paths with our wandering daughter.” She arched an eyebrow in Shalin’s direction.
“I hope you will forgive her in time.” Delphinia reached out to touch Shalin’s dark hair. “I know she is very sorry for what she did.”
Both Serafina and Prince Blackwell remained silent.
Delphinia turned to the page who stood by awaiting instructions. “Tell the coach driver to return to King’s Lake to pick up Prince Oswald and Ambassador Phinn if he is finished at the theater,” she commanded.
Delphinia looked again at her sister. “You must stay for dinner. Electra and Dagon are here as well.”
“I look forward to it,” Serafina replied.
Shalin could tell that was a fib. Neither sister was looking forward to spending time in the other’s company. She could see it clearly in their minds.
Prince Blackwell managed a polite smile. “I should like to have a word with King Geoffrey if he is available.”
Shalin could see her father was actually dreading this meeting with his former enemy, but was now forced to be conciliatory with Fernland’s ruling family due to Prince Oswald’s aggressive actions. It appeared they were headed for a tense afternoon and evening. 
“Yes, of course,” Delphinia said, politely. “I believe he is in the throne room with Dagon, Avor and Muller. I will have a page accompany you.”
“That is not necessary,” Blackwell stated with a pasted on smile. “I know the way to the throne room.”

In the large echoing throne room of Fernland’s castle, Dagon tried to stay neutral as he listened to a discussion between King Geoffrey and Prince Avor on how best to handle the visit by the newly arrived Prince Oswald of Sandovia on his father’s ship, the King Gundar.
“I do not see the necessity for diplomacy when dealing with someone of Prince Oswald’s ilk,” Avor stated firmly.
“We are diplomats,” King Geoffrey reminded his son. “It is what we do. It is only when diplomacy fails that we resort to force and the use of our fighting men.”
Avor shrugged. “You are a diplomat. I am the war minister.”
“This is true, but one day you will be King and it is best that you learn some skills directed at keeping the peace before that day dawns.” Geoffrey eyed his son with a steady gaze.
Avor smiled. “I shall watch and learn.” His sudden acquiescence held a slight sarcastic note.
“Thank you.” If Geoffrey noticed the sarcasm he chose to ignore it.
“Unless he threatens our supply of white powder,” Avor added.
King Geoffrey closed his eyes, seemingly dredging up new reserves of patience from within. He turned to Dagon. “How goes the manufacture of our new weapon, the exploding hand balls?” he asked.
“Dorian is making good progress. He is something of a perfectionist. He has made the exploding throwing balls in several thicknesses with various additives to the iron mix. We should be ready for trials by the time I return to Helsop,” Dagon replied with as much enthusiasm as he could muster. 
“I should like to be present at the trials.” Avor stated it as more of a decree than a request.
“And I as well,” Muller the Spy put in, reminding everyone that he was there.
The four men fell silent as the door to the throne room opened and Prince Blackwell stepped inside.
“Sorry to interrupt, gentlemen. My wife and I have just arrived on the Pride of Manoa. We have been searching for our errant daughter and finally have managed to catch up with her.”
King Geoffrey stood. “Please join us. We were relieved to find Shalin safe as well.”
Prince Blackwell let out a deep breath. “Children!” he spoke with an emphasis that indicated the depth of endurance needed to rear a child.
King Geoffrey and Prince Blackwell exchanged empathetic glances as Blackwell chose a chair next to Dagon and sat down.
“Any rumors of war coming out of Henge while we have been at sea, searching for our daughter?” Prince Blackwell asked Dagon.
Dagon laughed. “Your father is presiding over simulated attacks, but they remain only games of war as of a few days ago. I refrained from telling him we have two new Sandovian students in the school of medicine whose fathers seem unduly curious about mines in the area.”
Prince Blackwell shook his head slowly. “Thank you for that. I suppose you have heard about the reward for information that King Gundar has offered to anyone who discovers the source of our exploding powder.”
“It is difficult to keep such a secret when the whole Kingdom of Sandovia knows about it,” Dagon allowed.
Avor stared openly at Prince Blackwell. “What brings you to our throne room?” he asked, sharply.
Prince Blackwell stiffened a little at Avor’s lack of tact, but kept his polite demeanor. “I believe King Gundar is not content to wait for his incentive of a reward to bear fruit. He followed our ship, the Kingdom of Henge, here to Fernland. I suspect he intends to offer you whatever it takes to agree to sell him some of your surplus of white powder.”
“We have no surplus.” Prince Avor’s words held no room for negotiation.
“I am happy to hear it.” Prince Blackwell nodded gratefully at Avor. “Still, I thought it in Henge’s interests to make a counteroffer should such an offer on Prince Oswald’s part prove tempting.”
“It will not prove tempting,” Avor insisted.
Prince Blackwell looked from Avor to King Geoffrey, then back to Avor before replying. “Then I suppose my work here is done.” He began to rise from his chair.
King Geoffrey patted the air with his hand to delay Prince Blackwell’s leaving. “Please stay a moment,” Geoffrey invited. “There has been a new development you should be privy to. We have reason to believe Prince Oswald may try to follow my own ship, the King Geoffrey, on its next trip to China in an effort to tap Fernland’s supply of the white powder. While my son sees no problem with blowing Oswald’s ship out of the water, should he attempt such a blatant act, I would prefer to give him a warning first. I do not fancy a war with a neighbor just now if it can be avoided. I do not think you do either.” He looked to Prince Blackwell for confirmation of this assumption.
“I do not,” Blackwell stated, “though I am sure my father would not agree.” He pressed his lips together as he considered this new strategy on King Gundar’s part. “Right now, the Great Khan is thoroughly engaged with China, but his apparent thirst for world dominion is ever the bigger threat. I believe we would best be served by placating King Gundar somehow and keeping our own Western alliance intact.”
“I agree.” King Geoffrey looked questioningly at Prince Blackwell. “Would you consider offering Gundar a lower price for your exploding arrows?”
Prince Blackwell shook his head. “Actually, we recently raised the price after meeting with King Gundar in Manoa. The man really is intolerable.”
The door to the throne room opened and a page stepped in. He took a rigid stance and announced in a loud voice. “Your Royal Highness King Geoffrey – His Royal Highness Prince Oswald of Sandovia.”
The page stepped aside to reveal Prince Oswald.
“King Geoffrey,” Oswald said with a bow. “And Prince Blackwell! I did not expect to find you here. Am I interrupting?”
“Of course not,” King Geoffrey said, ignoring Avor’s frown. “Please come and join us.”
“I attempted to accompany the Kingdom of Henge back here to Fernland to ensure its safety, but her captain persists in displaying the speed the ship is capable of. I am happy to see they arrived safely,” Oswald said.
“Please do not feel obligated to protect our ship.” Prince Blackwell’s glance was not welcoming.
Prince Oswald shrugged. “It is a thing any friend would do.”
“Please do not ever attempt to protect our ship the King Geoffrey, even in friendship,” Avor warned. “Such a gesture would be seen as an act of war.” Avor looked at his father, perhaps to judge if this warning met with his approval.
Dagon watched as King Geoffrey again closed his eyes for a moment before speaking. When he opened them he looked not in his son’s direction, but directly at Prince Oswald.
“I am sure you would never attempt such an act without first gaining permission,” he stated in a formal manner, “but my son is correct. Such an action would not be perceived as a friendly act.”
“I see,” Prince Oswald stated with a formality to match King Geoffrey’s. “It seems our alliance has boundaries I was heretofore unaware of.”
“It is always good to establish boundaries.” King Geoffrey attempted a friendly tone. “It makes for a more lasting alliance.”
“Yes, but a lasting alliance sometimes requires adjustments,” Oswald hedged.
Dagon could see this was to be a long and difficult discussion. He wished he could excuse himself and walk away, but decided on the lesser evil of attempting to remain neutral in a matter that did not concern Helsop.

Chapter 55

Castle at Fernland

That night in Fernland’s royal dining room the food was excellent but the mood strained. Shalin and Esme, sitting side-by-side, communicated their thoughts to one another silently.
Avor is angry with Uncle Geoffrey, Shalin noted.
And Prince Oswald is frustrated by not getting what he wants, Esme mused.
I think Dagon and Electra are anxious to leave for Fernland, they want to get away from all the bickering, Shalin relayed.
Aunt Delphinia is happy to have company, Esme concluded. I think she will be sorry to see us leave.
I wish I could think of a reason not to leave, Shalin admitted.

Later, in their room ready for sleep, Esme and Shalin were deep in conversation when Electra knocked on their door.
“May I come in?” she asked, opening the door.
“Please do,” Shalin answered, making room for Electra in the wide bed.
Electra snuggled with them under the covers. “Are you ready to leave for Helsop early in the morning, Esme?” she asked.
“Yes,” Esme said. “I sent word to Dag and Tandor to be ready at dawn.”
“Delphinia insists we take the royal coach back to Helsop,” Electra told her, “even though she has royal visitors just now who will be deprived of its use. I believe my brother, Avor, will be going with us.”
“I do not think Avor likes me,” Esme said.
Taken by surprise, Electra asked, “Why ever would you think that?”
“He was talking in the Barburee tongue with Bataar but I could see what Bataar was thinking. He hates my mother and thinks she and I should both be killed. Probably Shalin as well.”
Electra shivered even under the warm covers. “I know Bataar tried to kill your mother – he fears sorcery and sorcerers. But surely Avor does not share his feelings.”
Esme gave a small nod. “Prince Avor did tell his generals to watch over me for Aunt Delphinia’s sake, but I do not think he likes my mother any more than Bataar does.”
“It is true Serafina and Avor got off to a bad start and that was partly my fault,” Electra recollected. “Serafina and I had become quite attached to one another after sixteen years of living together and she saw Avor’s coming to reunite me with our birthparents as a threat. It was complicated.” Electra kissed the top of Esme’s head. “But I know Avor loves you. Who could not love such sweet girls?”
“Nicu’s grandfather, Shandor,” Shalin was quick to add to the growing list. “He calls us Demon Spawn.”
Electra sighed. “Your mother is a powerful woman. She has made some enemies along the way. Sometimes it is difficult not to make enemies.”
“Do you know why she put Shandor in the dungeon?” Shalin asked.
“Yes. Again it was partly my fault. Serafina arranged for Angelica to pretend to be me and to lead Muller the Spy and Avor on a wild goose chase to prevent them from taking me back to Fernland to meet my birth parents. Angelica was pleased to help because she wanted to leave her father, Shandor. He drank too much even then, and was not being a good father. Years later, when Shandor came looking for Angelica in Fernland, Angelica did not want him to find her so I refused to tell him where she was. He made threats against me when he was drunk and Serafina put him in the dungeon to protect me.”
Shalin turned to face Electra in the flickering candle light. “Mother is usually protective of us, too, but now she and father are very angry with me for stowing away on Phinn’s ship.” She was quiet for a moment before asking the question on her mind. “Did mother ever get really angry with you when you were eleven years old?” 
Electra laughed. “I don’t remember, but I am sure she must have. I was not a very good student of sorcery. I did not have your gifts or even your mother’s gifts when it came to the black arts. But she loved me in spite of my failings.”
“For someone who is a kidnapper herself, she seems to have a great fear of one of us being kidnapped for our gifts,” Shalin said.
“I share her fear in that.” Electra shook her head sadly. “There are people in this world who would stop at nothing to have what they want, and a person with your gifts could help them to reach their goal.”
“With all my gifts I still seem unable to reach my own goal of exploring ancient cities that might give me more clues about the origins of my ring,” Shalin complained.
Electra smiled. “Give it time. I know for a fact that your mother cannot help herself from hunting down ancient manuscripts and arcane bits of knowledge. You are of an age now when she will want to take you along.”
“Do you think so?” Shalin asked.
Electra smiled. “I would stake my life on it.” 
“Where will that leave me?” Esme asked. “I have no interest in arcane knowledge or ancient cities. I like to explore forests and hunt with my wolf pack.”
“That leaves you with me.” Electra gave Esme a little hug. “Although I have not had the honor of joining a wolf pack, I, too, feel at home in the forest. I think you could be an outstanding physician. Does the idea of saving lives appeal to you?”
“More than I thought it would,” Esme admitted. “I suppose I helped to save Farmer Stone’s life.”
“That you did,” Electra declared. “And it took a special kind of bravery to do it.”
Electra scooted out of the bed. “Shall I blow out the candle?” she asked.
“No, leave it,” Shalin said. “I should look around to make sure I have everything packed. I will leave with my parents tomorrow on the Kingdom of Henge.
“Good night then, and sweet dreams.” Electra closed the door behind her.

Chapter 56

Castle at Fernland

Shalin and Esme lay awake, thinking their separate thoughts.
“It seems Mother has indeed made enemies, though not without reason,” Shalin decided.
“But her reasons were often selfish ones,” Esme judged. “One can hardly blame cousin Avor for hating her. Or Shandor. Or Bataar, for that matter.”
“Bataar may fear sorcery but he is still a killer at heart.” Shalin was unwilling to condone his actions.
“I believed I was a killer at heart,” Esme admitted. “It gave me a feeling of power.”
“And now?” Shalin asked.
“I feel less powerful,” Esme realized.
“But more at peace?”
“Yes,” Esme said, thoughtfully. “More at peace with the truth of my actual state of dependency on others for my wellbeing.”
“I feel the same,” Shalin confessed. “I felt powerful, using my wits to fulfill my desire to explore. Now I feel that I achieved very little, except for putting Uncle Phinn in jeopardy of losing his position as Ambassador and causing difficulties for Mother and Father.”
“Are we then, with all our powers, still powerless in this world?” Esme asked.
“I do not know.” Shalin turned to face his sister. “Why were we given these powers if not to feel powerful?”
“I believe Mother and Father may have been right in wanting us to keep our powers hidden,” Esme murmured. “It seems we still lack the knowledge of when and how they should best be used.”
“Is that fact hard to admit?” Shalin asked, smiling.
A small smile crept into her voice. “Very,” Esme confessed.  
“I could possibly use my powers to escape confinement in my room in Henge,” Shalin mused.
“But you will not,” Esme said.
“How do you know?” Shalin asked.
“Because you feel guilty for what you did. You will want to suffer the consequences.” Esme seemed amused by her analysis.
Shalin sighed. “I suppose I could learn new languages in my solitude.”
“I am sure you will.” Esme had grown bored with the conversation.
“Why not visit me?” Shalin urged. “Have you any reason to study medicine now that your wolf has rejoined his pack and his brother’s killer is in Fernland’s dungeon?”
“It is as Electra says. I am more at home exploring the forest then learning languages no longer spoken.”
“But I may need your help to decipher my ring’s spells,” Shalin protested.
Esme frowned, knowing her sister was right. The spells were layered in such a way that one twin had to hold a spell to the side to read the spell beneath it and between the two of them, they had only penetrated to the second layer. “Perhaps in your study of ancient manuscripts, you will learn a way to go beyond the second level of spells in the ring. If you need my help, send for me. I will come.”
Shalin stared at the ceiling. “The thought of wandering the forest has new appeal.”
Esme laughed. “No surprise there. The promise of confinement would certainly have that effect.”
Shalin sighed again. “We visited an island inhabited by people who had no idea how they came to be there. Can you imagine that?”
“Did they beg you to carry them away on your ship?” Esme asked.
“No, they seemed content to stay there, though they were welcoming to us and enjoyed dressing up in the costumes we gave them.”
“That must have been a sight to see.” 
“It was. The whole voyage was really quite wonderful, exploring with the acting troupe, belonging to the acting troupe. I will miss it.”
“I feel that way about my wolf pack,” Esme admitted. “They consider me part of their pack. I hope they will come to visit me in Helsop next spring.”
“We do have identities apart from being Blackwells,” Shalin fathomed. “You belong to the wolf pack and I belong to the acting troupe. 
Shalin closed her eyes when she heard her sister’s measured breathing, indicating sleep.

The next morning, the twins were up early—Esme to return with Electra to the school of medicine and Shalin to return to Henge with her parents.  Esme was the first to leave. Shalin and her family waved goodbye from the castle steps as the royal carriage carried her twin away to Helsop.
Electra’s face peeked out from the window. “Esme and I will come soon to Henge to visit you, Shalin,” she called out.
“And come again soon to visit Fernland.” Queen Delphinia wiped a sentimental tear from her cheek with her handkerchief.
“We will,” Electra promised.
“Are you packed and ready to go?” Serafina asked, turning to Shalin.
“I am packed,” Shalin allowed. She was not so ready to go but did not say so.

The Blackwells said their goodbyes at the castle. “Do not bother to see us off at the lake,” Serafina told her sister, Delphinia. “We will need to leave as soon as we reach our ship. We have been too long away from Henge, already.”
Serafina’s quick glance at Shalin left no doubt in anyone’s mind that she was the reason for their long absence from the kingdom that was their foremost responsibility.
Delphinia hugged Shalin. “We were so happy to have a visit with both our nieces. We had Esme with us for several days. She has such a dedication to the welfare of her pets. Now it is your turn, Shalin, for an extended visit. At least we now have a promise from your Uncle Phinn that the acting troupe will come to Fernland to rehearse its plays. And you will be allowed to come along, I hope?” Delphinia looked to her sister for confirmation.
“We shall see,” Serafina said.

The Blackwells found Phinn on shore along with the captain of the Kingdom of Henge.
“We are resupplied and ready to weigh anchor,” the captain reported.
“Then let us make haste to Henge,” Prince Blackwell urged. “My father has been too long in charge as it is. Hopefully he has grown tired of being acting king in my absence.”
This futile hope on her father’s part brought a small smile to Shalin’s lips. It would be good to see her fractious grandfather again. Perhaps he would not be so prone to judge her for her misdeeds.

The End

































