Royal Twins Shalin and Esme Book 6  Return to Bat Island

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2021 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Stephen Macias

Smashwords edition 2021

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Return to Bat Island

Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

Esme and Dag sat under a tree in Helsop’s old growth forest. Dag’s dog Fang sniffed about the trunk of the tree and Dag ruffled her coat absent-mindedly. 
Esme brought out her small gift from a satchel beside her and handed it to Dag. “Happy seventeenth birthday,” she said, smiling.
“You got me a present?” Dag asked.
“Nothing you need, of course,” Esme said, “but I thought you might enjoy having one.”
Dag laughed when he saw what the small box contained. “A south finder for a scout? I should hope I never need it to tell me which direction I’m going, but you are right – it is a thing I’ve always wanted. How did you come by it?”
“The first bunch of spring traders had one to sell,” Esme said. “They stayed at the new inn last night and visited the school of medicine this morning.”
“Yes, I believe we are shut of winter, finally,” Dag said, looking up at the pale sun overhead. “Dagon says we will be putting our two new fishing boats into the water tomorrow.”
“How do they look?” Esme asked.
“They still look like Vagan warships, but we built a box amidships to hold fish and put up some racks to anchor the nets.”
Dag held his new south finder on the palm of his hand and watched as the little wobbly fishtail under the dial turned south.
He held up his arm and pointed south with his index finger. “South, just where it’s always been.”
As Esme followed the line of his finger with her head, Dag snuck a kiss on her turned cheek. “Thank you,” he said.
Esme blushed. “You are welcome.” she said with a smile. “Now, of course, I shall expect a gift this autumn when I turn sixteen.”
“Sixteen?” Dag scoffed. “You cannot be more than thirteen now.”
Esme swatted him. “You know very well how old I am. Luckily, my father finds me too young to marry off to Boris of Constantinople. I do not know how he will feel about my turning sixteen.”
“You worry too much,” Dag said. “You know your father would never marry you off to someone in Constantinople. He hates it when his family is gone, even for short trips.”
“He worries that you and I spend so much time together,” Esme said.
“That is a more realistic worry,” Dag said smugly.
“I suppose I should pay a visit to Henge,” Esme said, “just to see what his current thinking is.”
“Why?” Dag asked.
“Ships will soon be arriving now spring has come. Father will be sending the Sea Sprite down to Fernland for their turn at a weapons run and Soldad will likely be arriving on the Sea Dancer, hoping for another cargo of iron ore to take back to his emperor. One of them will surely be tasked with carrying father’s answer to Boris’s marriage proposal.”
“But you already know your father will reject it,” Dag said.
“Yes, but will he say, ‘no’ or something more like ‘not this year’?” She took a deep breath. “I feel I should be there to argue my case for a more definite ‘no.’ Perhaps something more like ‘not in this lifetime’.”
Dag laughed. “You take a chance by going to visit Henge. You know your mother and sister are always keen to travel come spring. You may find yourself on the way to Timbitu or Tangier before you know it.”
Esme sighed. “You are right, of course. I almost feel myself that it is time to be on the sea again. Electra has deemed me a fully-fledged physician now. She says she has nothing more to teach me.”
“That does not mean she wants you to leave,” Dag said gently.
“If not now, when?” Esme asked.
“Helsop has become your home,” Dag said. “You are one of the teachers now at the school of medicine. You have an animal hospital in Yeshua’s Bower.”
“But I am also a member of Henge’s Royal Family,” Esme argued. “If my mother has her way, I will be named heir apparent to Henge’s throne.”
Dag shrugged. “Heir apparent is only a title. There is no job attached while your father lives, and he shows no signs of dying anytime soon.” Dag put his arm around Esme. “Please do not think of leaving just because Electra has no more to teach you.”
“Very well.” She smiled. “Today is your birthday. How do you wish to celebrate it?”
“By bagging a great stag, of course,” he said, standing up and reaching for his bow and quiver of arrows. “Seek, Fang,” he commanded.
The dog took off running. Dag and Esme were quick to follow.

Later that afternoon Dag and Esme emerged from the forest with a large buck draped over Dag’s shoulders.
Dagon laughed when he saw his triumphant nephew walking past militia headquarters. “I see the forest rewarded you with its own gift of venison for your name day.”
Dag smiled. “The path of the winds favored me,” he said modestly.
Dagon nodded and looked at Esme. “Electra has been looking for you. She has a message for you from Henge.”
“Do you know what it says?” Esme asked.
“No, it came to you, so she has not opened it,” Dagon said.
Esme and Dag exchanged a quick glance.
“I’ll stop by the school later, after I drop off my kill at the mess tent,” he said.
Esme nodded and headed for the school of medicine.

As Esme entered the door of the school, Coco sang out, “There she is.”
Esme was shocked. Usually Coco reserved this greeting for Electra.
“There she is, indeed,” Electra said, smiling as she walked from the kitchen to the dining table with a cup of hot tea. “The water is hot, if you would like tea.”
“I would,” Esme said, heading for the kitchen. “Dagon says you have a message for me.”
“It came this morning from Henge. I admit my curiosity almost got the better of me, but I managed to keep myself from breaking the seal.” She pushed the sealed scroll in Esme’s direction as she took a seat at the dining table.
“Dag bagged a large buck this morning,” Esme said, ignoring the scroll.
“Please, for my sake, see what it says,” Electra begged.
Esme eyed the scroll tentatively, but finally gave in to her own curiosity and broke the wax seal. She unrolled the short missive and read it aloud.

To Princess Esme of Henge,
You must return at once to Henge. A situation has arisen that requires your immediate attention. Please give Electra my regards.
Your mother Serafina.

Esme closed her eyes and let out a slow breath. “Can that woman never be forthcoming with any information?”
Electra laughed. “The only thing she can count on to move us to action is our curiosity.”
“Sometimes my love for her borders on hate,” Esme said. “I suppose I should leave at once.”
Electra smiled. “You may as well finish your tea. It is too late to leave today. Dawn tomorrow will be soon enough.”

Chapter 2

Kingdom of Henge


Queen Serafina sat in Henge’s castle listening as King Blackwell described the need to deal decisively with an untenable situation.
“We must act and quickly,” Blackwell said forcefully. “Such an outrage cannot stand.”
“It is actually an outrage on Alekos and his brother Cosmos. They have an independent company and own their ship privately,” Serafina reasoned.
“But we are their only client,” Blackwell fumed. “And it was our guano the pirates stole.” Blackwell stared at his wife with an irate expression.
Serafina shrugged. Three days before, the Jungle Queen had come into Henge’s port, the ship’s first visit of the year, and the captain had told them what he knew of their lost cargo of guano.
“I heard it from an old man who was visiting his son on Bat Island,” the captain had told them. “He had been out fishing when he saw the pirates attack the brothers’ ship. The pirate ship came alongside like they wanted to talk and then pirates from below deck swarmed up and took over the brothers’ ship.”
The Jungle Queen’s captain had hesitated before continuing. “I’ve not heard tell of pirates before in the waters around that island. Few people even know about it.”
Across the desk from her, King Blackwell continued to seethe, remembering the captain’s explanation of events. 
Serafina considered the possible reasons for the attack before replying. “Why would pirates want a cargo of guano, do you suppose?” she asked her husband.
“They likely hoped for something better,” Blackwell said. “Perhaps they only wanted the ship.”
“It was an old ship that Cosmos acquired for a low price,” Serafina noted. “Do you remember when King Gundar hired fishermen to pretend to be pirates? They raided our port area. Gundar hoped to learn the secret of our explosive powder by making us feel the need of his protection.”
King Blackwell smiled. “Yes, I remember my father had them all in chains and soon got the truth from them. Might have had them all executed if we had not arrived in time to save them.” He looked up sharply at his wife. “Do you think Gundar is behind this attack?”
“I believe it is a possibility,” she said. “As the captain of the Jungle Queen told us, pirates have never been seen in the area, but we know King Gundar has been trying to find the source of our white powder for years. Perhaps he has finally deduced the white powder comes from guano.”
“We will annihilate Sandovia,” King Blackwell said in an ominous soft voice.
“Let us be certain before we act,” Serafina cautioned. “Besides, we have only a pleasure ship, the Prince Avor, at our disposal just now. We are not in a position to annihilate anyone.”
“We still have the Sea Sprite, back from Constantinople and the buckets full of gold coins from the sale of our weapons.” He smiled. “And now, thanks to you, we have Greek fire to spray through the apparatus built into the ship’s foredeck.”
“We do not have the Sea Sprite. It is King Geoffrey’s turn to send out a cargo and we must send it on to Fernland now that the sea is clear of ice,” Serafina reminded her husband.
“King Geoffrey understands war. As an ally he will surely see we have greater need of it,” Blackwell grumbled.
“I believe he is a trading ally, not a military ally and I doubt he will agree with you. We would soon be in a war with Fernland as well, if you do not keep to the terms of our agreement.”
King Blackwell grunted what may have been an oath. “Perhaps we could install a delivery system on the Prince Avor to spray out Greek fire?”
“We could,” Serafina said, “but it would take months and the expertise of shipbuilders who have now left Fernland to return to their homeland of Taz.”
“The one thing I refuse to do is nothing,” King Blackwell said loudly. “We will sail to Bat Island at once and try to get to the bottom of this. If there are pirates we will find them and put them down. If it is King Gundar, as I now suspect, I will follow him to wherever he has taken Alekos’ ship and show him once and for all, we are not to be trifled with.”
Serafina nodded. “I have already sent for Esme. We will all go.”
King Blackwell’s mouth fell open. He stared at Serafina. “This is a military matter. We will sail with only soldiers and weapons aboard. Certainly you and the twins will not be aboard.”
“Do you not remember our trials in the Doldrums?” Serafina asked. “With no breeze, the captain of the Jungle Queen was forced to cut holes in the ship’s side for oars. Then the hurricane came and nearly swamped us. Such a scenario is not uncommon in the Horse Latitudes. We will need the twins along to provide winds for the sails.”
“Absolutely not,” Blackwell argued. “It is unthinkable for one’s family to go to war.”
Serafina ignored Blackwell’s vociferous protests as she looked over her husband’s shoulder to the window that gave a view of the port of Henge. A new ship was approaching quickly with its sails still billowing. Just as it appeared to be in danger of crashing into Henge’s dock, the sails came down and the ship’s momentum brought it to the edge of the wharf. “I believe the Sea Dancer has just arrived in port,” she said.
King Blackwell turned to look out the window. “It could be,” he said. “Hard to tell with the sails lowered.” He was smiling when he turned to face his wife. “Perhaps the size of our fleet has just doubled.”
“You would commandeer Soldad’s ship?” Serafina asked.
Blackwell squeezed up his eyes into an expression of annoyance. “No, of course not. But we have something he wants badly. Perhaps he would be willing to give us the loan of his ship for a time, in order to get it.”
“Weapons, you mean,” Serafina said.
“Yes, weapons. Always the answer is weapons.”
“I believe Shalin was hoping to return with him for a stay in Constantinople. He may be here to fulfill a promise to her. She did save his life many years ago in Antok.”
“Soldad may be indebted to our Shalin but he is still under the command of his emperor and his emperor needs weapons. Constantinople lost its colony in Levant due to a lack of preparedness and stands to lose more if they do not strengthen their defenses.”
“Would you offer weapons then for the use of his ship?” Serafina asked. “He may be under orders even now to return quickly to Constantinople.”
“We will soon find out,” King Blackwell said.
As they watched the new arrival tie up to the dock, a swiftly moving figure on the hillside caught their attention. Evidently they were not the only ones who had been watching the port this morning. It was their daughter Shalin running down the hillside to welcome Soldad to Henge.
“Shalin loses all sense of decorum when that trader Soldad comes into port,” King Blackwell said with a tone halfway between disgust and despair.

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

As Shalin neared Soldad’s ship she could tell something was very wrong. The happy industriousness that usually pervaded the Sea Dancer’s crew was missing. Instead each seaman worked quietly, somberly going about the chores that accompanied tying off.
She spotted Soldad speaking to his first mate and, as though he felt her eyes on him, he turned in her direction.
Soldad managed a faint smile, but Shalin could tell the smile was for her sake only. It did not reflect any inner happiness on his part.
Soldad said a few more words to his first mate, then grabbed a line and slid down to where Shalin stood on the dock. He hugged her with the grip of a drowning man.
“What has happened?” Shalin demanded.
Soldad shook his head, unable to speak.
Shalin quickly read his troubled mind. Constantinople was under siege. No one could get in or out. He did not know the fate of his own family. She hugged him tightly and pressed her face against his chest. “It will be all right, whatever it is,” she soothed.
Soldad was finally able to form words. “We returned from Tangier with more raw gold for the mint,” he said, “but our city was surrounded—under siege by our neighbors, the Ottomans.”
“And your family?” Shalin asked.
Soldad could only manage a shrug. His words had left him once again.
“Your God is surely watching over them,” Shalin said gently.
Soldad took a deep breath and seemed to compose himself. “Yes, God will protect them.”
“Why have you come to Henge?” Shalin asked.
Soldad glanced at the Sea Sprite, the ship built to carry weapons, still anchored offshore in Henge’s harbor. “I have gold. I hope to buy the weapons needed to break the siege. It is all I can think to do.”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “It is King Geoffrey’s turn with our weapons carrier. Likely Father will be releasing it to Fernland soon.”
“Perhaps I can persuade your father to sell an additional cargo of weapons to be carried back aboard my own ship,” Soldad said.
“Perhaps, though we are beset by concerns here in Henge as well.”
Soldad stood back while still holding onto Shalin’s shoulders. “What concerns?” he asked.
“Pirates have attacked one of our partners’ vessels in Africa. I believe Father is planning some sort of retaliation against the pirates.”
“Even here,” Soldad said vaguely, shaking his head. “There is no peace to be had on earth.”
“Come up to the castle,” Shalin said. “We will sort it all out.”

On their way to the castle, Shalin was surprised to see Esme and Dag coming down the hill.
“Esme! Dag!” she shouted. “You have come home!”
“Mother left me little choice,” Esme said, “but it is good to see you and Soldad as well. You remember Dag of Helsop from the hundred year celebration?” She directed her question to Soldad.
“I do, of course,” Soldad said, shaking hands with Dag.
“We have trouble on all sides, I fear,” Shalin said.
Esme seemed surprised. “You mean my presence really is required here as the message from Mother claimed?”
“I do not know what Father would have you do, but yes, we are all in turmoil. Constantinople is held in siege by its neighbor and Alekos’ ship has been taken by pirates off Bat Island,” Shalin said.
Esme drew in a sharp breath. She looked from Soldad to her sister, wide-eyed with fear. “Your brother Tome? Is he with you?”
Soldad shook his head. “I have no word of my family. Unless they were able to escape somehow on my father’s ship, they are still in Constantinople. I was away in Tangier when the city was attacked.”
Esme looked at Shalin, her face wreathed in worry. “And Alekos and his brother Cosmos?”
“Both taken by pirates along with their ship,” Shalin said.
Esme took a deep breath. “We can help if we are given free rein.”
“I doubt very much that we will be,” Shalin said. “Mother will agree that we are needed in Africa, but Father seeks as always to protect us.”
A glance between Soldad and Dag seemed to put both squarely in agreement with King Blackwell’s thinking.
Esme gave Dag a look of disgust. “You know we could help.”
Dag shrugged and stayed silent.
“So you have come for weapons,” Esme said, holding Soldad in her gaze.
“Yes, I have gold. I was on my way back to replenish our mint when I found my city surrounded.”
“Father may wish to keep what weapons he has this time,” Esme said. “He has a special dislike of pirates.”
“We may as well go and see what he has planned,” Shalin said. “If Mother has prevailed, we may soon be on our way to Africa.”

As the group of four entered the castle, they saw King Blackwell and Queen Delphinia already seated at the table.
Both rose to welcome Esme home.
King Blackwell shook hands with both Soldad and Dag, though without much enthusiasm in Dag’s case.
“Please join us,” King Blackwell said. “We are just about to have breakfast.”
They all sat down and Shalin wasted no time in bringing her parents up to date. “Constantinople is under siege by their neighbors, the Ottomans. Soldad does not know what has happened to his family. No one can get in or out. He has gold and hopes to buy weapons from us.”
King Blackwell appeared stunned for a moment. “You have our sympathy,” he said to Soldad. “Your family has been gracious to our family and we hope no harm has come to them. I do not know if Shalin has informed you yet, but we also have been attacked indirectly. Two of our close associates have been taken by pirates and a cargo meant for Henge, confiscated.”
Soldad nodded. “Shalin did tell me a little of your own dire situation.”
“So it seems we are in need of more ships to carry soldiers to Africa and you are in need of more weapons,” King Blackwell said. “Perhaps we can work out some kind of agreement.”
Soldad took in the king’s words, but did not readily agree. “But I fear Constantinople’s need is immediate. It will not allow me time to journey to Africa and back before delivering the weapons needed to break the siege.”
“Perhaps not so immediate as it would seem,” King Blackwell reasoned. “Sieges last for years on average, especially for a city as well-supplied as Constantinople. Whereas our friends, taken by pirates, may not have so long to remain alive.”
Soldad took a deep breath. “Might you at least release the Sea Sprite to deliver a cargo of weapons to our colony in Egypt? Your weapons are our best hope for breaking the siege.”
King Blackwell did not tell Soldad that he was already forced to send the Sea Sprite to Fernland under the terms of their alliance. “Of course,” he said. “I am a reasonable man.”

Chapter 4

Kingdom of Henge

As soon as breakfast was finished, King Blackwell left with Soldad to inform Admiral Haddad that he was to leave at once for Fernland in the Sea Sprite.
Dag excused himself at the table to deliver a message from Dagon to Steig, one of the Hammer Haven blacksmiths working at the iron ore pits.
As he stood to leave, Esme spoke in a low voice. “Tell Steig you may be required to sail to Africa with me.”
Dag raised a skeptical eyebrow, but did not comment on her order.
Shalin and Esme stayed at the dining table to garner the latest news from their mother.
“Has Father decided to allow us to go along to Africa?” Shalin asked.
“I am going anyway,” Esme interjected, “no matter what he has decided.”
Serafina frowned at her daughter. “It is your father’s decision. He is still your king.” Serafina paused for a moment. “I have made a case for your value in calling up breezes to move the sails should we stall in the Horse Latitudes.”
“You say ‘we’, but what makes you think you will be allowed to go?” Esme asked her mother.
“It is a figure of speech, ‘we’ being Henge,” Serafina said. “Now if I might be allowed to finish answering Shalin’s question?”
Esme nodded, somewhat chastised.
“I believe he sees the necessity of tapping into your abilities to call up breezes. But you will likely have to promise to stay below deck should any fighting occur. He sees preserving your safety and mine as his first and foremost obligation.” Serafina looked directly at Esme. “And should he discern any tendencies on your part to disregard his commands, I am sure that would put paid to any chance of your being allowed to go.”
Esme glowered in silence.
“If there are two ships we should split up, one twin on each ship,” Shalin said.
“Yes,” Serafina agreed. “At least when we enter the Horse Latitudes. But if you hope to be on the Sea Dancer, you had best stop appearing so familiar with Soldad. Your father was not pleased to see you running down the hill this morning to welcome him.”
Shalin blushed and nodded.
“Will Dag be allowed to go?” Esme asked. “He could be helpful. He is a full-fledged scout now.”
“Dag is under Dagon’s orders,” Serafina said. “I hardly think he would find himself free to serve in the army of a foreign monarch.”
Esme bristled. “I will ask him what Dagon’s orders were, exactly. He may have been ordered to stay with me and protect me.”
“If that were the case, it would hardly extend to going to war with you in Henge’s defense,” Serafina reasoned.
“It might,” Esme argued. “I shall ask him.”
Serafina looked at Esme for a moment. “It is good to have you home, but I find your defiant attitude troubling. Is there something you have not told me?”
Esme shrugged. “You were not forthcoming in the message you sent to Helsop. I am a physician now, capable of making my own way in the world. Others would pay for my services. Yet you continue to manipulate my curiosity and my loyalties to your own ends. I would still have come to Henge had you explained the situation in your message, but you chose once again to be vague to prevent me from making my own decision, based on the true facts.”
“I see.” Serafina continued to consider her daughter’s words. Then she smiled. “You have stated your case very succinctly. And I agree with you. Henceforth, I shall treat you as an adult, capable of making your own decisions. But I must warn you – such an emancipation will find no fertile ground in your father’s thinking.”
Esme smiled. “Yes, I am familiar with the workings of Father’s mind.”

King Blackwell and Soldad found Haddad aboard the Sea Sprite giving orders to some of his crew, who were already checking lines and sails in preparation for their return to Fernland.
“You are preparing to sail?” King Blackwell asked.
“Yes, it is time for our new run for King Geoffrey, now the seas have calmed,” Haddad said.
Soldad spoke up, too concerned for his family to allow royal protocol to stop him. “Do you know the Byzantine garrison in Alexandria?” he asked.
“I do,” Haddad answered, with an arched eyebrow.
“That is where the next shipment of weapons must be delivered,” Soldad said.
Haddad looked at King Blackwell briefly before commenting. “I fear I must take my instructions from King Geoffrey as I am Admiral under his command.”
“Yes, of course you must,” King Blackwell said. He put his hand on Soldad’s shoulder. “It seems we must make a brief stop in Fernland to advise King Geoffrey of recent events before going on to Africa.”
Soldad was relieved. “Yes, that would be safest. I really could not commit to going to Africa until I am sure there will be weapons on their way to my emperor’s son in Egypt.”
“Of course,” King Blackwell said. He turned to Haddad. “It seems Constantinople is now under siege by a group called the Ottomans. No one is going in or out of the city just now, so there will be no chance of delivering weapons.”
“I see,” Haddad said.
“Yes, we have close ties to Constantinople’s Royal Family now and will do what we are able to aid them. I am sure King Geoffrey will be in agreement, but we will follow you to Fernland aboard both the Prince Avor and the Sea Dancer to make our case to your commander-in-chief. As it happens Soldad has the necessary gold to make payment in advance, so I am sure there will be no problems.”
Haddad nodded. “Shall we sail at dawn?”
“Yes,” Blackwell agreed. “At dawn.”

Dag found Steig the Blacksmith at one of the new iron ore pits on Henge’s hillside.
“Dag the Scout,” Steig said, climbing up out of the pit to clasp Dag’s shoulder in greeting. “What brings you to Henge?” He looked around. “And where is your dog Fang?”
“I left him with Dagon. I was tasked with riding fast to Henge to deliver Esme back to her family here.” He reached into his leather tunic. “Dagon sent along a message to you,” he said, handing the small scroll to Steig.
“Trouble?” Steig asked as he broke the seal.
“None that I know of,” Dag said. He waited while Steig read the message silently.
“Dagon wants to know the status of the iron ore reserves here in Henge,” Steig said. “How much remains to be mined. That is an estimate that will take some research. We could use your help in that.”
Dag nodded. “It may have to wait a bit. I may be on my way to Africa.”
“What? Africa? What have we to do with Africa?”
Dag shrugged. “My orders from Dagon were to stay with Esme and see to her safety. Now it appears she may be on her way to Africa to fight a war against pirates.”
Steig tilted his head and stared at Dag as though he suspected the young man had lost his reason.
“It seems Henge has loads of guano coming in from somewhere in Africa,” Dag continued, “and one load was intercepted and taken over by pirates who also took the ship and the two men charged with overseeing the shipments.”
Steig nodded. “I have seen them unloading such a cargo once or twice. But why would Esme go to fight them?”
“She seems determined to go. She knows the two brothers who were taken prisoner along with the ship. King Blackwell does not wish to take her, but she is most insistent.”
“I doubt very much that King Blackwell will change his mind,” Steig said.
Dag was not so sure himself. He knew just how devious Esme could be when it came to having her own way.

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Henge

Soldad and King Blackwell walked together toward Henge’s wharf.
“I will need to take on supplies today if we are to have an early morning departure,” Soldad said.
King Blackwell nodded. “I will advise Sergeant Smythe that our commissary is at your disposal. You say your ship can hold thirty in comfort?”
“Yes, thirty would give all aboard a berth,” Soldad affirmed.
“And another twenty on the Prince Avor,” King Blackwell said. “That should be a sufficient force to put down a pirate crew easily.”
Soldad felt twenty soldiers should be sufficient and that King Blackwell did not need the Sea Dancer to put down this small violation, but if he wanted more weapons he had best keep his opinions to himself. “Shall we be taking Greek fire aboard?” Soldad asked. No one had spoken as yet about the success or failure of Queen Serafina’s attempt to recreate this unquenchable flame.
“No,” King Blackwell said. “Unfortunately the only delivery system is aboard the Sea Sprite and King Geoffrey prefers not to have the weapon aboard while transporting his own cargos. I, on the other hand, feel it would be a safeguard to our cargos – not a liability.”
“The weapon is perfected then?” Soldad persisted.
“Yes. We ran tests over the winter months and now have it under control,” Blackwell said.
“Might I purchase some for our proposed attack on the Ottoman blockade?” Soldad asked.
Blackwell frowned. “It would be of no use to you without the proper delivery system.”
“Perhaps such a delivery system might be purchased as well?” Soldad asked.
“Perhaps, but it would take time and the skills of blacksmiths and ship builders to accomplish it,” Blackwell said. “You might ask King Geoffrey if he has enough shipbuilders left in King’s Lake to build such a system while we are in Africa.”
“I will certainly do just that,” Soldad said.
“Good, and now I must find someone to appoint as acting king in my absence,” Blackwell said, as he turned away.

King Blackwell saw his wife walking down the hill as he neared Henge’s theater. When she drew near he said, “We may have a customer for Greek fire.”
“Young Soldad?” she asked.
“An accurate guess. I told him he would first need a delivery system.” Blackwell paused. “Have you seen Phinn this morning?”
“I just saw him. He was on his way to the theater.”
“Good,” Blackwell said, smiling. “I plan to appoint him acting king in my absence.”
“Phinn? Acting king?” Serafina asked with an arched eyebrow. “He hardly seems the warrior type.”
Blackwell shrugged. “We have warriors enough. Phinn has leadership skills.”
Perhaps,” Serafina allowed. “But now that I have found you, I have another matter to discuss. The twins have a friendship with the two men taken by pirates at Bat Island. Your daughters would like to go along on this mission. I feel their skills at gathering enough errant breezes to fill our sails could be critical to our success, not to mention our survival.”
King Blackwell frowned as he remembered the time he and Serafina had  attempted to sail through the Doldrums. They had been helpless aboard the Jungle Queen when the winds died and their drinking water ran out. All those aboard could easily have died if not for the Captain’s idea of cutting dangerous holes for oar locks. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Very well, but they must promise to obey my orders and stay below decks should any fighting take place. I do not care how helpful they feel their powers might be – they are still both mortal beings. And in no case will they attempt to save my life by incapacitating me as they did in Constantinople when our ship caught fire.”
Serafina nodded. “I will advise them of your conditions.”
Blackwell stared at his wife, wondering if he could trust even her word when it came to interference. “Where are you on your way to?”
“I need a few supplies to take measurements while we are at Bat Island. Our indentured servants have only two and a half years remaining on their contracts. I need to estimate whether or not that time will suffice to mine the remaining guano.”
“I see,” Blackwell said. “I had not realized so much time had flown by.”
“I suspect Bat Island has become home to our guano miners and they will stay on in any case, but it pays to consider all possibilities.” 
“Indeed,” King Blackwell agreed.

Phinn was laughing with his friend Tom as King Blackwell walked into the theater.
Phinn grinned at his brother. “Have you come to watch our rehearsal? We are attempting a comedy this time.”
“I shall look forward to seeing it when we return from Africa.”
Phinn’s expression turned serious. “I heard about Alekos and Cosmos being taken by pirates. You go to attempt a rescue?”
“A rescue and a retaliation as well,” King Blackwell said with a grim expression. “It appears we will need an acting king in my absence.”
“One of your generals, perhaps?” Phinn suggested.
“I was thinking someone of royal blood might be more appropriate.”
Phinn shook his head. “Surely the twins are still too young.”
“I was thinking of you,” Blackwell said.
“Me?” Phinn’s mouth fell open. “But my birth was not counted as royal. My mother was a Gypsy woman.”
“And a lovely person, I am sure,” Blackwell said in a dismissive tone. “You have been leader of your acting troupe as long as I have known you. They all follow you without question. I believe your leadership skills speak for themselves.”
“But the army views me as an entertainer,” Phinn protested.
“And as my brother,” Blackwell assured him. “They will follow the orders of whomever I appoint in my stead.”
“I do not know what to say,” Phinn said.
“Say yes. I do not anticipate trouble in my absence, but should problems arise, I trust you to delegate or deal with them yourself as you see fit,” Blackwell said.
“I shall do my best,” Phinn promised.
“No one can do more,” Blackwell assured him.
“Should I go with you when you inform your officers?” Phinn asked.
“I think that would be a good idea. We need to go first to advise Sergeant Smythe that Soldad will need his help in securing provisions for those aboard his ship. Did I mention that I will need to borrow the Prince Avor for our voyage to Africa?”
“Of course you must have her,” Phinn said, looking out sadly at the port where his ship lay at anchor.
“She will be carrying weapons as well as soldiers,” Blackwell said gently.
“Yes, I understand,” Phinn said in a small voice. “Should they attack you, you must be prepared to defend yourself.”
“We actually anticipate attacking them in whatever lair they have run to,” Blackwell stated.
Blackwell could see his brother was making a valiant attempt to control his emotions. He did not want to put this new ship in harm’s way. Not after what had happened to the Kingdom of Henge. “Do not worry, our soldiers are well trained. We will soon take care of this matter and return victorious.”
“If you say so,” Phinn said in a shaky voice.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin saw her mother returning with packages from the marketplace. “You have been shopping?” she asked.
“Yes, I want to make some measurements while we are on Bat Island. The guano has been mined for four years now. It may be close to exhausted, but our indentured servants have two and a half years to go on their contracts.”
“I know of another island with shallow deposits,” Shalin said.
“You do?” Her mother seemed surprised.
Shalin blushed. “I saw it the time I stowed away on Phinn’s ship. There were a group of islands where migrating birds nested. Puffins.”
“Perhaps if time allows, we might take a closer look,” Serafina said.
“At the word ‘time’ Shalin realized she should have stayed silent. Soldad needed to get to Egypt with more weapons as soon as possible. There was no time for island hopping. “Has father consented to allow Esme and me to go then?”
“Yes, he knows what happens when the winds fail to fill the sails. The drinking water goes quickly and desperation follows.”
Shalin nodded. “Esme will be pleased. She is very fond of Alekos, as am I.”
“You realize they may already be dead,” Serafina said.
“Yes, of course I do. But they own a ship. The pirates may think them wealthy enough to fetch a ransom,” Shalin said.
“We will offer a ransom if one is required,” Serafina said. “But that payment will likely be followed by the annihilation of the pirates.”
Shalin cast her eyes downward. “I, like Esme, am familiar with the workings of my father’s mind.”
“Where is Esme? Do you know?” Serafina asked.
“I believe she has gone to find Dag. She was confident you would persuade Father to take us along. She wants to ask Dag what his orders from Dagon were. She thinks he may be required to accompany her to Bat Island if she goes.”
“I see,” Serafina said slowly. “If his orders were to protect her.”
“Yes,” Shalin said.
“A tracker could be useful. Is he accomplished at his craft?”
“Esme says he is as good as his mentor Maki, now.”
Serafina nodded. “I should send a message to Electra.”
“Yes, she will wonder what has become of her cousin and nephew.”
Serafina seemed to agree. “You must pack for the heat, light-weight clothes, but with long sleeves and leggings to protect against insects.”
“I remember what Bat Island is like,” Shalin said.
“You might want to warn Soldad and his crew what to expect,” Serafina said.
“Yes, I will go at once to tell him, while the market is still open.” Shalin headed for the door.
“And tell your sister she has permission to come on the voyage if you see her,” Serafina called after her.
Shalin gave a backwards wave as she rushed out the door, happy to have an errand that involved finding Soldad.

Esme found Dag leaving an open pit where three Hammer Haven men were working with long pry bars and scoops to free the ore and shovel it into carts.
“Did you find Steig?” Esme asked.
“Yes, he is already back at work in the pit,” Dag said, glancing back over his shoulder.
“What did the message from Dagon say?” Esme asked, ever curious.
“Not that it is any of your business, but it asked for an assessment of how much ore remains to be mined,” Dag said. “Steig thinks I may be helpful in determining that.”
Esme frowned. “What were your exact orders from Dagon in regard to escorting me to Henge?” she asked.
Dag smiled. “To accompany you here and stay to escort you back to Helsop if your visit is brief.”
“What would you consider brief?” Esme asked.
“A few days,” Dag replied.
“And I suppose your protection of me was implied in the order?”
“Of course,” Dag said, wishing he could read her mind as easily as she could read his. “Get to your point.”
Esme caught the thought and smiled. “I believe I will be going to Africa for a brief visit and I need you to protect me.”
Dag returned the smile. “I do not think that reasoning coincides with the intent of my orders.”
“I think it does,” Esme said, “and I believe my opinion matters most.”
“You are certainly wrong about that,” Dag asserted.
“What if I was to be taken by pirates and died for lack of someone able to track my abductors and lead the soldiers to the pirates’ den?”
Esme followed Dag’s thinking easily. He wanted desperately to go on an adventure that might make use of his tracking abilities. He did not want Esme to go and put her own life in danger. Yet there was no reason for him to go unless she did put her life in danger and even then it was not in keeping with what he saw as the intent of his orders.
“The question is not worth considering unless your father allows you to go, which I see as a faint possibility. If he does decide to take you I will leave the decision up to him as to whether or not I am needed.”
Esme sighed. “Very well, I thought you might be a little more protective of your charge, but I will make do.”
Dag frowned at the implied insult. “Do you really think your father would care what I wanted in any case?”
Esme smiled. “Now that you mention it, I suppose your chances of going would be better if you appeared reluctant.”
This drew a small smile from Dag as the two walked back to the castle.

Shalin found Soldad outside the army barracks speaking with Sergeant Smythe. She waited until their conversation ended before approaching Soldad.
“Shalin,” Soldad said, smiling. “Just the person I hoped to see.”
Shalin was happy to see a bit of Soldad’s usual cheerfulness had returned. “Mother sent me to remind you to purchase clothes for heat, humidity and insect protection.”
Soldad looked thoughtful. “I suppose our desert wear should suffice. Perhaps some fine netting for insect repellent would be in order.”
“Yes, the mosquitoes on the island are relentless,” Shalin said.
“You are to be allowed to go, then?” Soldad asked.
Shalin nodded. “Mother has made a convincing case for Esme and me and our special abilities have been deemed essential.”
Soldad lowered his voice to a whisper. “I remember in Bayrut how you turned one stone-thrower on another. I do not think I have yet seen the full scope of your abilities.” He paused. “That said, however, I know you bleed as mortals do. I should not like to see any harm come to you or your sister. Are you sure your loyalty to your kidnapped friends requires this from you? I believe we have soldiers enough to put down a den of pirates.”
Shalin considered how much to tell him. Would an ability to gather winds put her on the side of angels rather than mortals? She decided it might and she definitely wanted to remain a mortal in his eyes.
“Both Esme and I were forced to promise we would stay clear of any fighting. Should pirates appear, we will quickly seek safety below decks.”
“That is something, I suppose,” Soldad said, still unconvinced regarding King Blackwell’s decision to include Shalin and Esme on this mission of retribution.

Chapter 7

Kingdom of Henge

The next morning at dawn, Henge’s port was a hive of activity. Three ships – the Sea Sprite with an empty cargo hold, the Prince Avor with twenty of Henge’s finest archers and a supply of exploding arrows, and the Sea Dancer with Soldad and his crew in addition to twenty-six Henge soldiers, a large supply of metal exploding hand balls and Dag the Scout – all stood ready to leave for Fernland.
King Blackwell, Serafina and the twins went aboard the Sea Sprite for this first leg of their ambitious journey. King Blackwell judged it safe since there were as yet no explosives aboard and the Sea Sprite offered a large and luxurious owner’s cabin.
All passengers stood on the decks of their various ships as anchors were weighed and sails snapped full in the morning breeze.
Among those on shore waving goodbye were Acting King Phinn and his troupe of actors, watching in stunned silence as their ship, the Prince Avor, left for parts unknown without them.
Phinn the Ambassador looked around at the assembled soldiers waving goodbye to their friends as well as their monarch. Phinn seemed quite overwhelmed to Shalin, who blew kisses to her forlorn uncle on shore.

The Sea Sprite under Admiral Haddad’s command led the small armada along the coastal route that would take them to Fernland. His crew of sailors consisted of former Taz refugees who were efficient but quiet in their tasks. Most still spoke only halting English despite being Fernland residents now for more than fifteen years.
Esme talked quietly with Shalin as their ship rounded the promontory that framed Henge’s port. “Do you think Phinn will be able to manage his new duties while we are gone?”
Shalin often acted in her uncle’s plays and knew him better than her sister did. She nodded enthusiastically. “He inspires trust in people. The generals will do all they can to help him. I am sure he will be fine.”
“Perhaps Father will make him heir apparent to the throne and I will be free to make my own way in life as a physician,” Esme said.
“I doubt it,” Shalin said. “Phinn is too near Father’s own age. If he went to Phinn’s line, his choice would have to be Phinn’s son Drake, and Drake is set on becoming an actor, magician and drummer.”
Esme nodded in agreement as their mother joined them at the rail.
“Will you come for breakfast?” she asked. “Your father wants to go over the rules for the voyage that lies ahead.”
Shalin and Esme exchanged an amused glance before nodding. They both knew their father intended to keep a tight rein on them throughout this campaign of retribution.

The three sat down in the galley’s dining area along with King Blackwell and Admiral Haddad.
King Blackwell studied his daughters. “I regret I have been too busy to extract certain promises from the two of you before we set sail, but your mother has assured me of your total compliance with my orders for this undertaking. Should you feel unable for whatever reasons, to keep to my orders, you will have an opportunity to return to Henge once we arrive in Fernland.”
Both twins gave sharp nods of understanding, realizing this was a time to keep silent. 
“Very well,” Blackwell continued. “As of now, I am no longer your father – I am your commander-in-chief. That means you will follow my commands without question. Understood?”
More sharp nods of submission.
“Should my life appear to be in danger at some point and you feel obligated to save me by any means, you will not do so if it means disobeying a direct order.”
The twins were slow to react to this condition, but realized they would be sent home if they did not agree. Both nodded slowly.
King Blackwell seemed to relax somewhat at this point. “All right, then. I believe we have an understanding.” He cleared his throat. “First rule. If pirates should close on our ships you will both go below deck and lock your cabin door. It seems most practical to have one of you aboard the Prince Avor and one aboard the Sea Dancer, so I will not be aboard with one of you. But these are blanket orders given ahead of time for you to remember. Agreed?”
Both twins nodded, realizing that their father did not want to refer to their wind-calling powers in Admiral Haddad’s presence.
“You also will not attempt to save your friends lives or any soldier’s life if that desire conflicts with my blanket order to secure yourselves in your cabins if a pirate ship approaches.”
The twins continued to agree, wondering how many scenarios their father would find it necessary to describe.
“Upon leaving Fernland, you Esme, will be aboard the Prince Avor with your mother and me; and you, Shalin, will be aboard the Sea Dancer with Soldad the Trader. Soldad and his crew are not members of my army and will not be required to fight on Henge’s behalf. You may remind them of this fact if you choose, but even if they choose to fight, should pirates come near, you will not fight alongside them. Is this clear?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. 
“Nor will you stay above deck to watch what transpires. Where will you be?” he asked.
“I will be locked in my cabin,” she replied.
Her father nodded. Shalin could see he trusted her, more than Esme, to keep her promises and that was why she had been assigned to the Sea Dancer while Esme would remain directly under his watchful eyes on the Prince Avor.
“Very well then,” King Blackwell said, “I believe we have an understanding as to who is in charge, and we are pleased to have your assistance in this undertaking.”
As they ate the breakfast that the ship’s cook laid out before them, the twins traded thoughts at a furious rate.
Why has he separated me from Dag and not you from Soldad? Esme demanded.
He thinks you are in love with Dag. He only suspects me of being inappropriate in my affections for an older friend.
That hardly seems fair, Esme fumed. He does not trust me to keep my word.
I believe he sees you as more apt to let your emotions override your promises, Shalin transmitted.
I suppose he is right in that, Esme agreed. But that means I am more apt to break my promise not to save his life since I am on the same ship with him, she added.
Yes, but he will also be more able to remind you of your promise should trouble come.
I do not like it, Esme thought grudgingly.
And I do not blame you. I would feel the same. Shalin tried to hide her delight at being assigned to the Sea Dancer with Soldad, but she was sure her sister was not fooled.

Chapter 8

Kingdom of Fernland

The captains of both the Sea Dancer and the Prince Avor carrying fifty-seven soldiers between them lingered close to the opening of Fernland’s estuary to allow the Sea Sprite, carrying Henge’s commander-in-chief, to enter the estuary first.
Admiral Haddad saluted Captain Soldad and Captain Hardy as he sailed by to lead the ships into the estuary, grateful for their small courtesy.
Shalin and Esme stood at the rail of the Sea Sprite, waving at the two ships as they passed, filled with a sense of pride as they viewed Henge’s soldiers standing at attention, clad in silver and black uniforms – the colors of Henge.
“We are a formidable force,” Esme noted.
“I hope King Geoffrey will not misconstrue our intent in visiting,” Shalin said.
Esme laughed. “I suppose we could be surprised to find the beach at King’s Lake lined with palace guardsmen, after the watchtower reports so many soldiers aboard our ships.”
Suddenly Shalin had a sobering realization. “I believe the monarch most distressed by our arrival will be Queen Delphinia.”
“Aunt Delphinia?” Esme said, surprised. “She is always delighted to see us.”
“It is not you or I who will cause distress. It is Soldad. If you remember, last year Aunt Delphinia left with us aboard the Sea Sprite and just outside the estuary she changed ships to sail aboard the Prince Avor to go to Hormu rather than to Constantinople. She has likely been keeping up that charade ever since and now here is Soldad come to visit – the one person who might inadvertently give away the queen’s secret – she never went to Constantinople and never visited the mint there.”
“Oh my,” Esme said. “You are correct. And Soldad is so concentrated on saving his city, he could easily say the wrong thing.”
“We must find a way to warn him,” Shalin said. “Otherwise his own pleas to buy Fernland’s weapons may fall on deaf ears. A king distracted by his wife’s deceit will not be sympathetic to another’s problems.”
Esme nodded. “We could put a very forceful warning in his mind, perhaps even from here,” she suggested.
“No!” Shalin said loudly. Lowering her voice immediately, she continued, “I do not want Soldad to know I can read minds or plant suggestions. He is already suspicious that he may not know the full extent of our powers. He was aware that it was you and me in Bayrut who managed to turn one ruffian against another with their arsenal of rocks.”
Esme arched an eyebrow. “You are afraid he will not wish to marry you once he knows what you are capable of?”
“It is not a question of marriage. I do not want him to fear me. He already stands in awe of us and even that is enough to make our friendship awkward.”
Esme shrugged. “I do not have that problem with Dag. He knows what my capabilities are and somehow remains unimpressed. He lumps me in with all others of the female gender as humans to be protected and as a group too curious for their own good.”
“Oddly enough,” Shalin said, “Soldad has that same protective instinct. He did not agree with father’s decision to allow us to come along on this perilous voyage.”

The Sea Sprite made its final turn from the long estuary into King’s Lake and, as predicted, the royal carriage of Fernland was already waiting in its usual spot alongside the lake. The two small waving figures were still too distant to make out, but were doubtless King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia come to welcome the Sea Sprite home.
Soldad’s ship was the last one to sail into King’s Lake. As soon as it made the turn, one of the small figures on the beach stopped waving.

Admiral Haddad himself rowed King Blackwell and Queen Serafina to the shore of King’s Lake.
Members of Fernland’s navy came out to the ships in small rowboats to ferry passengers to shore. Shalin and Esme were quick to appropriate one. They were determined to arrive on shore ahead of Soldad.
Immediately on arriving, their Uncle Geoffrey called out to them. “Esme and Shalin. Our favorite nieces. But what has become of those little girls you once were? You have grown into young women.”
Queen Delphinia was not her usual animated self. She smiled and hugged her nieces, but her attention kept drifting to the Sea Dancer.
“It is all right,” Shalin whispered into her aunt’s ear. “We will warn Soldad when he comes ashore not to give away your secret visit to Hormu.”
Delphinia exhaled a long-held breath and nodded gratefully.
King Geoffrey shielded his eyes from the sun as he looked out over the lake. “Are those soldiers I see aboard the ships?”
“Yes,” King Blackwell said. “We have had a bit of trouble with pirates of late. They stole a cargo of fertilizer bound for Henge and we have decided a reprisal is called for.”
“Most certainly,” King Geoffrey agreed. “Allowing such an insult to go unpunished will only embolden pirates.”
“But is that not the trader Soldad’s ship?” King Geoffrey asked. “Was he the one carrying your cargo of fertilizer?”
“No,” King Blackwell said. “Soldad the Trader has actually come to see you. He has gold aboard and hopes to pay in advance for your next cargo of weapons. It appears Constantinople’s neighbors have put the city under siege and young Soldad hopes to save his homeland by sending powerful weapons to the emperor’s son in Egypt.”
“Constantinople, under siege?” King Geoffrey turned to his wife. “I am thankful you visited last year before this happened.”
“Yes,” Delphinia said in a weak voice.
King Blackwell looked curiously at his wife but taking note of her slight head shake, he did not voice the thought that had come into his mind.
Esme and Shalin both caught the unspoken thought. Delphinia went last year to visit Hormu, not Constantinople.
When Soldad’s shoreboat slid up onto the beach, Shalin and Esme rushed away to meet him.
King Blackwell pursed his lips and frowned. “What is it about that trader that so fascinates our daughters?” he asked Serafina.
“I suppose it is his willingness to go to any length to repay them for saving his life and that of his brother. The Byzantines have an enlarged code of honor.”
“It would seem so,” Blackwell said, frowning.

Chapter 9

Kingdom of Fernland

Thoroughly warned, advised and prepped by the twins, Soldad approached King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia with a bow and a radiant smile. I must pretend that Queen Delphinia has visited Constantinople and toured the mint without an outright lie if possible, he thought to himself. Was such a task even possible?
“Your Majesties,” he said. His smile vanished like the mist as he prepared to state his case. “As you have no doubt heard, our beloved city of Constantinople has fallen under siege. I was unable to break through the blockade to deliver my cargo of raw gold to our emperor for use in our mint.”
Soldad shook his head sadly before continuing. “But perchance that was all part of Yeshua’s plan, for I now find myself in a position to offer you the raw gold as payment for your excellent weapons and can ask to have them sent to the emperor’s son in Egypt. He is our best hope for mounting a counter attack that might break the siege.”
Soldad noted that King Geoffrey gave a small nod of acquiescence.
Thus encouraged, Soldad continued. “I remember Queen Delphinia’s interest in our city’s mint, and her hope that Fernland might soon have its own mint. Now, with the raw gold I have to offer, you could make a start on that project. I could make a list of those items you will need to begin such an enterprise. If Admiral Haddad  were to present this list to the emperor’s son in Egypt, I am sure Governor Romanus would see that these items accompany the admiral back to Henge.”
Delphinia smiled at Soldad and he could see she was grateful for his omissions. King Geoffrey seemed to be considering Soldad’s offer carefully.
“Yes, that all sounds fine,” King Geoffrey said. “But on his arrival in Egypt, would Admiral Haddad find Egypt’s governor to be in agreement with this plan?”
“Most certainly,” Soldad said. “The governor is likely already in Alexandria, his port city, assembling a force and readying his fleet for a counterattack to break the siege.”
King Geoffrey shrugged. “As you are prepared to pay in advance for our weapons, I see no reason to demure.” He offered his hand for a handshake to seal the agreement.
“I have one further opportunity to serve my emperor that I hoped to explore with you,” Soldad said.
“And what might that be?” King Geoffrey asked.
Soldad noted the cautious tone. “I may have the opportunity to purchase a quantity of the fabled Greek fire from Henge on my return from Africa, but I am told I would need a delivery system such as is affixed to the deck of the Sea Sprite in order to spray the mixture as it is intended.” Soldad paused to let this bit sink in. “Might your ship builders here be able to build a duplicate system for my Sea Dancer to be installed aboard the ship on my return to Fernland?”
King Geoffrey shook his head. “I doubt it. Most of our ship builders have returned to Taz. You might ask Admiral Haddad if they would be able to duplicate it at their boat works in Taz, but that would be outside my jurisdiction. I actually have reservations myself about the use of Greek fire aboard the Sea Sprite even though we are set up to use it. I find it an unnecessary precaution against pirates when we already have explosive weapons aboard.”
Soldad noted that King Blackwell and Queen Serafina were listening closely, but said nothing in defense of their new weapon. Evidently they were already familiar with King Geoffrey’s reservations.
“So much talk of war and weapons,” Queen Delphinia said with a sigh. “Might I offer a chance for some relief with a luncheon at the castle?”
King Blackwell shook his head. “I fear not,” he said. “We have over fifty soldiers aboard our two ships, ready to seek out and put down a pirate den. Our concession for a brief stop here in Fernland was in gratitude for Soldad’s assistance with transporting our soldiers. We wished to give him this opportunity to purchase the next load of weapons for his emperor’s defense, but now that his business is completed we must make haste.”
King Geoffrey looked at Soldad. “I see Admiral Haddad has come ashore now. If you would like to speak to him, this is your chance. You can arrange with him to have your payment of raw gold brought ashore and give him instructions with regard to delivery in Alexandria.” 
King Blackwell and Serafina turned to leave and almost bumped into his daughter Shalin who was standing close enough to hear their discussion. “Ah, Shalin, you will be transferring now to the Sea Dancer for the remainder of our voyage while the rest of the family goes aboard the Prince Avor.”
Soldad tried, probably unsuccessfully, to hide his surprise at this last order. He gave a short bow and left to speak to Haddad without further comment.

Admiral Haddad was talking to the small group of shipbuilders who still resided in Fernland, most of them members of King Geoffrey’s navy.
Soldad hated to interrupt their cheerful reunion, but knew time was of the essence.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Soldad said in his native Greek, “but we are to leave shortly and certain of my agreements with King Geoffrey involve your cooperation, Admiral Haddad.”
Haddad looked at the young trader and replied in Greek. “Did King Geoffrey agree to sell you the next load of weapons?”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “You will confirm all I tell you, of course, but he has agreed to accept raw gold in payment and most important, to have the weapons delivered to the emperor’s son who is governor of Egypt. He will take possession of the weapons at the port of Alexandria where he is no doubt mobilizing a counterattack as we speak. But there are two more items that involve your participation.”
“And those would be?” Haddad asked.
“First, as you know, Queen Delphinia has an interest in Constantinople’s mint.”
Haddad stiffened, likely wondering if Delphinia’s secret was out. Soldad knew Haddad had been complicit in helping her deceive King Geoffrey in order to visit her son in Hormu.
Soldad was quick to reassure Haddad. “I know she did not actually tour Constantinople’s mint, but I saw no reason to mention that. I have offered to make a list of what equipment Fernland will need to begin to mint coins with the new gold I am providing. If you present this inventory to Governor Romanus in Alexandria, he will see that you leave with everything on the list.”
“I appreciate your help in this matter,” Admiral Haddad said.
Soldad knew that thanks for keeping the queen’s secret was included in that statement. This was the moment to approach his second request. “King Geoffrey declined my request for a delivery system for Greek fire which could be affixed aboard the Sea Dancer – a duplicate of the one aboard the Sea Sprite. But he did suggest I ask you if your shipbuilders at Taz might be willing to make such a delivery system for me. If they were to begin immediately I could install the system on my ship on my return from Africa.”
Haddad smoothed his beard with his thumb and forefinger as he considered the request. “Do you have gold enough left to pay for it?”
“Yes,” Soldad said.
“Then I will pass on the request to my people at Taz, but I make no promises. I do not know if they have the ability to provide the metal parts that were crafted in Helsop.”
“Of course, but please ask them to proceed with what parts they have on hand,” Soldad said gratefully. “Egypt can supply the rest.”

Chapter 10

King’s Lake in Fernland

Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey were a little stunned to find themselves still standing beside the royal carriage, waving, as both the Sea Dancer and the Prince Avor weighed anchor and sailed out of King’s Lake.
None of their visitors had even made the short trip to Fernland’s castle. “Phinn and his acting troupe were not aboard, were they?” Delphinia asked her husband.
“Probably not,” Geoffrey said. “What use would they be, fighting pirates?”
“I cannot believe we had close to one hundred people here and suddenly they are all gone,” Delphinia said. “You would think they could at least have stayed for lunch.”
King Geoffrey frowned at his wife. “They were off to war,” he said. “I suppose you could invite Admiral Haddad to lunch; it will take our navy a while to load the weapons on to the Sea Sprite.”
Delphinia brightened. “Yes, that is a good idea. He can tell us what he knows of this new port he will be visiting, Alexandria.”
“Yes, and he can help us load our gold payment into the carriage,” Geoffrey said. “We need to get it into the care of our finance minister.”
“It was kind of that trader Soldad to make a list of what we will need to establish a mint,” Delphinia said.
“It seems a thing he should have seen to last year when you went all the way to Constantinople just to visit his mint there.”
“It is hard to imagine that great city now under siege,” Delphinia said, trying to edge away from the subject of the mint.
“I am glad we found out before we sent Haddad off to Constantinople with our weapons. Those attackers might have stolen our weapons and our ship as well,” Geoffrey said.
Delphinia nodded, happy to be so sheltered here in peaceful Fernland, and yet somehow lonely that everyone else seemed to be so busy in more exciting situations. “Did King Blackwell ever say exactly where it was they were heading?”
“No, and I was curious as well. I did not know Henge held territories to the south.”
“I know my sister is always making trips to one place or another,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps we should make a trip somewhere.”
“We are about to send our last ship to Alexandria and I do not fancy a vacation aboard a weapons carrier,” Geoffrey said.
“No, of course not,” Delphinia agreed. “But, perhaps a trip to visit Electra and the boys would be possible? We could see how our inn is progressing.”
King Geoffrey smiled. “Yes,” he said. “I would like to see what has come of my investment there.”

A few hours later, with their gold settled in Fernland’s treasury, Geoffrey and Delphinia sat with Admiral Haddad and his son Jared around the upstairs family dining table.
“Tell us what you know of this new port you will be visiting,” Delphinia said to Haddad.
Admiral Haddad nodded. “With pleasure Your Majesty. It lies at the mouth of the great river, the Nile, which waters all of Egypt and borders the great pyramids.”
“I have not heard of the great pyramids,” Delphinia said. “Are they quite famous?”
“Yes, to those of us who live close to the Great Sea,” Haddad said. “They are giant mausoleums for Egypt’s ancient kings who were mummified in hopes of finding life after death.”
“Fascinating,” Delphinia said. “They are large structures, then?”
“They can be seen from miles away. They are like mountains on the banks of the river,” Haddad said.
“Perhaps we should go to see them,” Delphinia said to her husband.
“I am not one inclined to visit graves,” Geoffrey said. “Especially the tombs of people I did not even know.”
Delphinia turned her attention back to Haddad. “How will you go about finding someone in a busy port city such as Alexandria?”
Haddad smiled. “Generally everyone knows where the head of state resides. It should not be difficult to find the governor.”
“I imagine you will be offered a hero’s welcome,” Delphinia said. “You will be bringing badly needed weapons to a nation at war—weapons paid for in advance.”
Haddad swallowed a spoonful of soup. “Now that you put it that way, I suppose we might be well-received.”
“You must take advantage and allow yourself to be royally wined and dined,” Delphinia teased.
“There may be an aura of desperation over the city,” Haddad said. “I imagine many in Alexandria have relatives at risk in Constantinople.”
King Geoffrey nodded his agreement. “I believe it would be wise to offer no assurances of future weapons in the circumstances,” he said. “I do not wish to put you and your crew at risk by being viewed as allies of Constantinople’s emperor. We do not know which side will emerge victorious in this standoff, nor should we care. It is not our fight.”
“This is true,” Haddad said, “though in such cases one is often forced to choose sides. Constantinople will likely claim us as an ally whether we wish it or not.”
“You might try to get a sense of who will stand victorious while you are there,” Geoffrey said. “We were surprised by the loss of the Levant. I had thought Constantinople capable of protecting her long-held colonies, as wealthy as she seems to be.”
“Yes,” Haddad agreed. “I was surprised as well. Many of the new religion have been forced from their homelands just as Taz was, due to the invading Mongols. With nowhere to call home, they fight the more desperately to regain territory.”
King Geoffrey frowned. “Always it comes back to Barburee, disrupting the world with its greed.”
“Yes, they have put so many nations in upheaval,” Haddad said.
“But we will have our small influence if we succeed in arming port cities against pirates, thus ensuring safe travel by sea routes,” Geoffrey said. “With a withering of land routes, Barburee’s main source of income will falter.”
“It is a clever and foresighted plan,” Haddad agreed. “I feel gratified to have this small revenge against the Great Khan.”

Later that evening King Geoffrey said to his wife, “Why not leave in the morning for Helsop? Haddad is gone now with our shipment and we have no pressing matters to keep us here.”
Delphinia clapped her hands together. “Yes, I have gifts for our grandsons that I am eager to give them. Perhaps we will be able to stay at the new inn.”
“My thoughts exactly,” King Geoffrey said, smiling.

Chapter 11

Village of Helsop

After checking on Esme’s animal patients, Electra was resting in Yeshua’s Bower when a messenger arrived from Henge.
“A message from Her Majesty Queen Serafina,” he said, handing her the tightly rolled scroll.
“Will you wait a moment while I see if a reply is required?” Electra asked.
“Most assuredly,” the soldier said, “though both King Blackwell and Queen Serafina have already left for Africa.”
Electra paused. “Both? Who then is left in charge in Henge?”
“Acting King Phinn,” the soldier replied.
“Phinn?” Electra said, amazed.
The soldier nodded.
Electra broke the wax seal and scanned the short message quickly.

My Dear Electra,
Greetings from Henge. We have had a bit of trouble with pirates in Africa. Two of our partners there were taken along with their ship and cargo. King Blackwell, the twins, a few dozen soldiers and I are all leaving to set things there in order. Dag has consented to come along as well. We should be returning in a few weeks’ time.
Sincerely, your mother Serafina

Serafina smiled at her Aunt Serafina’s effrontery in claiming to be her mother simply because she had kidnapped her and raised her as her own daughter for sixteen years. But somehow it felt reassuring to be claimed in such a fashion.
She looked at the waiting messenger. “Thank you, there needs no reply.”
The man saluted and made ready to mount his horse.
“Please visit our mess tent and take some food and rest for your long trip back to Henge,” Electra said.
The man smiled and nodded. “You are most gracious.”
Electra decided to show the message to her husband Dagon at militia headquarters. She did not know if he would be in favor of Dag’s decision to go on a mission to Africa.

Electra found Dagon playing dice with Deimos at the small one room shanty that comprised militia headquarters.
Deimos immediately stood, claiming business elsewhere, relinquishing his chair to Electra.
Electra smiled, knowing her protests against his having to leave would only fall on deaf ears.
Dagon pocketed his dice and swept aside a small pile of copper coins.
Electra placed the scroll on the vacated spot on Dagon’s desk.
He read the short message and frowned.
“Dag?” Electra guessed.
“Yes, I believe he stretched my order of protecting Esme to an unintended limit.”
Electra shrugged. “He would not have gone, had King Blackwell not wished him to, so Blackwell must have thought his presence necessary in some capacity.”
“Yes, of course you are right about that. I suppose I should give him the benefit of doubt.” Dagon frowned and reread the message. “Your so-called mother is a little short on details. How did they get their family and several dozen soldiers aboard the Prince Avor? There is much left unsaid here.”
“To Serafina, words are as gold coins to be spent frugally,” Electra said.
“Normally I would find that comforting, but in this case I find it frustrating. Would another sentence or two have been too costly?”
Electra laughed. “It appears so,” she answered frugally.
The two were interrupted by the sudden return of Deimos. He stuck his head in the half-open doorway and announced, “The royal carriage has arrived from Fernland. It has stopped outside the inn.” 
“Were we expecting them?” Dagon asked no one in particular.
“No,” Electra answered. “But their timing is good. I believe their suite at the inn has been finished.”

Dagon and Electra found King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia touring their new suite under the proud guidance of Tandor the Inn Keeper.
Tandor had married one of the students at the school of medicine over the winter and now he and his new wife Myla were happily welcoming traders and travelers to the newly opened Inn of Helsop.
“Electra! Dagon!” Delphinia called out in a cheerful voice. “Is it not quite wonderful?” Delphinia swung her hand around to take in the four poster canopy bed, the stone fireplace and the screened commode and bath area.
“It is indeed quite wonderful,” Electra said. “Tandor has always been a talented craftsman and this inn is his masterpiece. Have you met his wife Myla as yet?”
“We have,” Delphinia said. “She is making up a lunch for us.”
King Geoffrey stepped forward to hug Electra and shake Dagon’s hand. “Your village seems to have profited from the Vagan attack,” he said.
“I believe you are correct, though we were very fortunate. Without assistance from our allies, things would have ended quite differently,” Dagon said.
King Geoffrey nodded. “Yes, so far this alliance seems to be profitable to all of us.”
Tandor looked at Electra. “Will you stay for lunch as well? I am sure Myla could make extra.”
Electra looked at Dagon.
“Yes,” Dagon said. “We would be most grateful. I do not know where our sons are just now. Likely off with their dog Skadi somewhere, but we can feed them when they show up.”
“They have both Fang and Skadi with them,” Electra said. “I told them they could take the dogs to the marshes to look for tadpoles.”
“I have gifts for the boys,” Delphinia said. “How old are they now?”
“Twelve and nine,” Electra said. “They fancy themselves quite grown up now.”
“That does sound near to grown up,” Delphinia allowed. “Next year Gregor will be in his teens.”
“I hope he will join me again soon at court,” King Geoffrey said.
Dagon hesitated a moment before speaking. “He has expressed an interest in being apprenticed to Maki the Scout.” 
Electra knew there was an unspoken tug-of-war going on between Dagon and her father. King Geoffrey wanted to make Gregor Heir Apparent to Fernland’s throne and Dagon wanted his son to join Helsop’s militia in some capacity of Gregor’s choosing.
“Likely a passing phase,” King Geoffrey said, dismissively.

Chapter 12

Village of Helsop

After lunch at the inn, Electra and her mother took their second cups of tea into the new suite and sat in front of the fireplace to carry on their conversation.
Gregor and Soren rushed in with Fang and Skadi close behind them.
“We saw the royal carriage in front of the inn,” Gregor said, as Delphinia rose to hug them both.
“What do you think of our new suite here at the inn?” Delphinia asked.
“It is nice,” Gregor said. “That is a big bed.”
Delphinia smiled and nodded. “I do believe it is even bigger than our bed in Fernland.” She walked over to the large bed where one of her valises lay open to reveal two identical wooden boxes.
“I have a late name day present for each of you. They are actually the same as they seemed things young gentlemen would treasure.”
Both boys were quick to open the boxes and peer inside.
“A slingshot!” Gregor’s delight was evident as he held up the ivory Y-shaped weapon.
“And marbles!” Soren exclaimed, holding up a fistful of the small round crystalline pieces of ammunition.
“Thank you, Grandmother,” Gregor said, rushing to throw his arms around his grandmother’s waist. “This is the best present I have ever gotten.”
Soren was quick to match his brother’s action. “May we go show them to Father?”
“Yes,” Electra said. “Your father is out touring the new buildings with your grandfather. Be sure to thank your grandfather as well.”
After the boys ran from the suite, Electra said, “I have never seen such elegant slingshots. They usually make their own from branches.”
“The Chinese have a way of turning everyday items into pieces of art,” Delphinia said. “I am always anxious to see what items the King Geoffrey will bring back to Fernland.”
“Have you thought lately of our proposed meeting with Avor and his family at Lands End?” Electra asked.
“It is always on my mind,” Delphinia admitted. “Never a day goes by when I do not wonder what little Delphi might be doing now with her first birthday close at hand.”
Electra nodded. “She is likely walking by now. Perhaps she has said her first words.”
Delphinia clasped her hands together. “I wonder what small personhood is emerging. Do you think she will be quite fierce like her Barburee relatives?”
Electra shook her head. “I saw no signs of ferocity in her mother, Cogatin, though she seemed a vigilant mother to her sons. That is a type of ferocity, I suppose.”
“Have you thought of a reason that we might use to necessitate a trip to Lands End?” Delphinia asked.
Electra brightened. “I have. You provided the perfect answer yourself at lunch when you told us about Soldad’s offer to make a list of what Fernland would need to begin its mint operations.”
“I did?” Delphinia asked. “What answer did I provide?”
“If Father’s image is to be stamped on each coin, he will need a skilled artist to cut that image into the die casting. We have such an artist here in Helsop.”
“I am happy to hear it,” Delphinia said, “but I fail to see how that will help us to get to Lands End.”
“We will tell Father there is a metal artist in Lands End that we have heard of and should go to see his work before deciding on which one to hire.”
“Is there such an artist in Lands End?” Delphinia asked.
“No, of course not,” Electra said. “But Father does not know that.”
Delphinia smiled. “That may work. It is a short trip to Lands End. Geoffrey will not mind my going. But what if he decides to go as well?”
“I have thought of that,” Electra said. “We will choose a day when his duties demand he stay in Fernland – perhaps a court day.”
“Yes, this plan sounds plausible,” Delphinia agreed. “Have you asked Dagon if he wants to come along?”
Electra nodded. “He said he might if nothing of note demands his attention here in Helsop. He still hopes that a way might be found to reconcile Father and Avor.”
Delphinia nodded. “That is ever my hope as well.”

Dagon and King Geoffrey were inspecting an addition to Helsop’s stables when Gregor and Soren came running up to meet them – both boys carrying small wooden boxes.
“Thank you, Grandfather,” Gregor said. “This is the best present ever.”
“Yes,” Soren agreed, looking at his father. “Can we try them out?”
King Geoffrey stooped down to hug his grandsons. “Show me what it is I have given you,” he said, smiling.
The boys brought out their slingshots and the two older men were soon almost as excited as the boys.
“We should find some soft targets so we do not shatter the marbles. When you use them on harder targets you should substitute stones,” Dagon said.
Dagon brought out a bale of hay from the stables and pinned an archer’s target onto the bale. “You two should have the first turns since it is your gift,” Dagon said. “Then your grandfather and I will have a shot.”
Gregor stepped back about fifteen feet from the target and loaded a marble onto the rubber strap. He knelt down to keep his marble at eye level with the target and was able to hit it, though not in the center bull’s-eye.
Soren went next but did not have the strength to pull the rubber back far enough to make it to the target.
“Try standing a little closer,” his father suggested.
This time Soren hit the target and smiled as he handed the slingshot to his father.
Dagon pulled the rubber strap back and forth a few times before deciding the distance he wanted to stand from the target. After some consideration he walked back about 30 feet from the target, loaded a marble onto the strap and let fly. The marble hit dead center and everyone cheered.
Dagon laughed and held the slingshot out to King Geoffrey. “Care to have a turn?” he asked.
King Geoffrey smiled as he accepted the weapon and took up his stance in the same place Dagon had stood. He went through the same series of testing tugs on the rubber strap before kneeling down with his eye level to the target.
Everyone held their breath as King Geoffrey pulled the marble against the extended strap and let fly.
The marble again hit dead center in the target and Dagon said cheerfully, “I am glad we did not place any wagers.”
King Geoffrey smiled as he handed the slingshot back to Soren. “It just takes practice, lad, and soon you will be hitting dead center every time as well.”

Chapter 13

Kingdom of Hormu

Avor, Regent to the Crown Prince of Hormu and formerly Prince Avor of Fernland, had a lot on his mind.
He knew it was close to the time when he should be writing a message either to his mother in Fernland or his sister in Helsop, confirming that he and his family would be coming to Lands End.
As he thought about it, he decided his sister Electra would be the safer choice. His father King Geoffrey could not conceive of a message coming by ship to his wife Delphinia and would be tempted to read the message himself before giving it to his wife.
Yes, he should definitely send the message to Electra. The problem was he had so much to deal with just now in Hormu. Trade was increasing. Hormu’s products were in demand. The caravansary was often so crowded that some traders had taken to making camp at the edge of the marketplace.
An even greater problem was that of a proper militia. The Great Khan had asked for more soldiers to solidify his holdings in China. Reserves from both Hormu and Taz were largely depleted.
Avor could not trust the Persian farmers of Hormu’s countryside to protect his interests even though he treated them fairly. His overtures to Caliph Rabar of Taz to act as his standing army in times of trouble had fallen on deaf ears.
He sighed, knowing he had made a promise to his mother to meet this summer at Lands End. There was nothing for it – he would have to break his promise.
As he sat in the throne room, contemplating his many responsibilities, he watched his young daughter, Delphi, now eleven months old, pull herself up on the statue of a Chinese Dragon.
She carefully steadied herself on the dragon’s tail and felt her father’s eyes on her. She smiled at him and his heart melted. He was such a fortunate man to have a wife he loved, two stepsons who had begun to call him father and a charming young daughter who had her mother’s beauty.
He stood and walked to her, taking her by the hand to guide her to the blanket where her favorite toy, a ragdoll, lay among wooden blocks.
Delphi spied the doll and put up her free hand. The doll flew through the air into her hand and she giggled, looking up adoringly at her father as she clasped the doll to her chest.
Avor was shocked; he blinked, hoping he had only imagined it – a terrible waking nightmare.
He picked Delphi up and held her close, not even daring to look at her. Instead, he sang her a little song about lambs going astray – a favorite lullaby among the Barburee people.
He sometimes spoke to her in English but more often in the Barburee tongue, hoping she would learn both languages while still a child.
After kissing the top of Delphi’s head, he set her down on the blanket to play with her blocks and her doll.
He knew he did not imagine what he had just witnessed and he knew he was to blame as he took a seat on the floor next to his daughter. It had to be his bloodline that carried the dreaded powers. His Aunt Serafina had given birth to two such daughters. She likely had such powers herself. Was his own mother affected? If so, she had never shown signs of it. But his mother loved the twins, even knowing of their ghastly powers. Perhaps because she had the same hidden capabilities?
His head was whirling with desperate thoughts. Perhaps if he ignored these proclivities in his daughter, they might simply fade away. But he could not take the chance.
He knew this was one area where he and the Barburee people were in agreement. Sorcerers should be killed. Their powers were obviously based in some kind of evil.
But there was no evil in his daughter. She was sunshine itself. The most cheerful of children. She must be protected until she reached an age to understand such powers were to be denied – shunned for the evil that came from darkness.
What would happen if Cogatin noticed? Would she kill her own child or allow her to be killed? He could not believe she would, but could he take the chance, Cogatin herself had told him she believed in duty to the Great Khan above all else.
Avor did not have an answer for this dilemma. He knew his sister Electra was close to the twins, Esme and Shalin, and loved them as sisters. She would be able to advise him. Their proposed meeting in Lands End this summer escalated from being expendable to being the most important thing in his life.

Later that day when Delphi was down for her afternoon nap, Avor spoke to his wife about their upcoming voyage.
“Are you looking forward to our trip to Lands End to visit with my family?” he asked.
“Yes, she said. “I hope to meet your father this time as well. Perhaps we could go on to Fernland and see the castle there?”
Avor shrugged. “We cannot be gone too long. Even though things here have been peaceful, we have lost most of what small army we had and I am hesitant to draw a militia from surrounding villages.”
Cogatin nodded in agreement. “Even paid mercenaries are often unreliable in their loyalties.”
“Yes,” Avor agreed. “I still have hopes that we might forge some sort of alliance with the boat workers at Taz.”
Cogatin frowned. “I cannot understand why they are hesitant. Are they not your father’s subjects? They should be eager to form an alliance.”
“It is a complicated relationship,” Avor said. “They were not born in Fernland.”
“Where were they born?” Cogatin asked.
Avor shrugged. “It may have been one of the cities taken over by the Great Khan. They never seem to want to speak of it.”
“That would explain their reluctance. They likely see us as enemies due to our close relationship to the Great Khan.”
“Possibly,” Avor said vaguely. “Delphi seems close to walking now,” he offered, changing the subject.
Cogatin smiled. “Yes, she is very strong. And very determined.”
“I think it is important that she know her Fernland relatives as well as her Barburee family,” Avor said.
“I agree,” Cogatin said. “My own family lies a two-year journey overland to the north as you well know. But some day we should consider making the long journey. Altan and Octai need to know more of their lineage as well.”
“Yes, we are all transplants from other lands,” Avor said wistfully. “Would that we could hold both our families closer.”

Chapter 14

Aboard the Prince Avor

Serafina and Blackwell stood on deck looking out at the still waters around them. The heat and humidity were oppressive.
“The winds grow quiet,” Serafina observed.
“Yes, the memories come back to me now,” Blackwell said. “I remember our last time together here in the Horse Latitudes. Do you think the twins will be able to bring forth a saving breeze?”
“Assuredly,” Serafina said, “though I think we should wait a while, until our soldiers become too thirsty to question its source.”
“I agree,” Blackwell said. “My own discomfort has already sobered me and clarified my thinking. I realize now that we have little hope of finding the pirates at Bat Island. That is likely the last place they would take refuge.”
“Perhaps Eko would be the better choice,” Serafina suggested. “It is a haven for all manner of seafarers. Someone there might remember seeing or hearing some tidbit that would give us a trail to follow.”
“Eko,” Blackwell said, nodding.  “It is a gathering place for ships and crews. I remember our brief stay there several years ago.”
Serafina nodded. “I will go to see what Esme believes she might conjure up in the way of a breeze to send us to the coast of Africa.”

Serafina found Esme in her cabin surrounded by sketches of the animals she remembered from Bat Island: whales, turtles, frogs and bats. “Your memory serves you well,” Serafina said as she studied the sketches.
“I hope to perfect the proportions and details once we reach the island,” Esme said.
“We will not be sailing anywhere without your help,” Serafina said. “The winds have died.”
“Why should I help you?” Esme asked. “Father has seen fit to separate me from Dag, my only friend aboard either ship. If he can be so mean-spirited how can he expect my cooperation?”
“Your cooperation would benefit your friend as well,” Serafina stated.
“Father had no trouble striking a bargain with Soldad. The use of his ship to carry troops in exchange for the right to purchase exploding weapons and possibly Greek fire as well. Perhaps he would care to strike an exchange with me.”
Serafina sighed. “He feels you spend too much time alone with Dag. Surely you see such familiarity is inappropriate at your age.”
“We would hardly be alone on a ship full of soldiers. I keep to my cabin to avoid bumping into one at every turn.”
“Your father allowed Dag to come along because he has some renown now as a scout and tracker. Had he allowed his inclusion on the basis of being your friend, the other soldiers would have held him in contempt.”
Esme’s mouth dropped open at this realization. She saw at once that her mother’s words were true. “I should not want to be the cause of such contempt.”
“I am aware of that,” Serafina said. “It is often difficult to see things from another’s point of view.”
“It should have been easy for me as I am often guilty of intruding on the thoughts of others.”
“Yes,” her mother said, “perhaps so.”
“What would you have from me?” Esme asked. “A gentle breeze or a full-blown gale?”
Serafina smiled. “A gentle breeze to take us east will do. We have decided to go first to Eko to try to gather information about visits from unfamiliar ships or crews of late. But let us wait until this evening when light winds would not be as suspect.”
“I will be ready when you are,” Esme said, “and thank you for keeping me from bringing trouble to a friend.”
“You are welcome,” Serafina said.  

Aboard the Sea Dancer, Shalin looked out at their companion ship, the Prince Avor. So far she had watched only slack sails set against cloudless blue skies.
Dag came to stand beside her. “Is this why you and your sister were allowed to join a war party?” he asked.
“What ever can you mean?” she asked, reading his mind. Dag could not believe King Blackwell would allow his daughters along on a mission of retaliation. He knew they were capable of calling winds to fill the sails.
Dag stayed silent, allowing her to read his thoughts.
“How did you know?” she finally asked.
“Esme can be quite petty at times,” he said, smiling at the memory. “She once conjured a wind gust to throw off my aim when we were involved in an archery contest.”
Shalin smiled as well. “That sounds very like Esme. Did you not accuse her of cheating?”
Dag’s eyes glittered with mischief. “I can be quite petty as well. I substituted a frayed string for the strong one on her bow. When she pulled the string taut it broke and the arrow fell at her feet.”
Shalin laughed at his account of the incident. “Yes, to answer your question. That is why we were allowed to come along. I am instructed to wait until I see the sails on the Prince Avor begin to swell before I call my own breezes forth.”
“But surely the soldiers aboard will notice the sea remaining flat as the sails fill – a thing uncommon in nature,” Dag stated.
“These soldiers are not seafarers. But the crews would certainly question it,” Shalin said. “That may be why Father is holding off until dusk, when such a phenomenon would be less evident.”
Dag nodded, and seemed ready to move on, his question answered.
“Are you in love with my sister?” Shalin asked before she could stop herself.
Dag hesitated but only for a moment. “I suppose we are demanding uncomfortable truths from one another here, so I will answer. Yes, of course I am. I am surprised you even need to ask.”
“Because I can read minds, you mean?”
“Yes, because you can read minds,” Dag said.
“And yet Esme does not know for sure.”
“She doesn’t?” Dag asked, surprised.
“She feels you see her as unattainable somehow.”
“I do see her that way,” Dag admitted.  “I do not believe your father would ever accept me as a potential suitor.” 
“There is the example of Dagon and Electra. They seem perfectly content in spite of King Geoffrey’s initial objections.”
“But Electra will not become Queen of Fernland.”
“Esme told you of our mother’s ambitions for her?”
“Yes, and I believe Esme shares those ambitions,” Dag said.
“And you see that as an obstacle?”
Dag smiled. “An obstacle seems a bit of an understatement.”
“I see you perfectly fitted for the role,” Shalin said.
“In what possible capacity?” Dag asked.
“In the capacity of commander-in-chief of Henge’s most notable asset – its army.”
“I believe that title is generally reserved for the ruling monarch,” Dag said with a touch of sarcasm.
“Not in Queen Esme’s case,” Shalin said.
“Why not?” Dag asked.
“We both know she is too softhearted to order anyone killed. You need only remember the trial of her wolf’s murderer. It was Esme who begged the king’s mercy for the life of the poacher.”
Dag nodded slowly and seemed to relax a bit. He looked at Shalin. “You seem a wise person. Why do you suppose your mother chose Esme over you for the role of queen?”
Shalin smiled. “Esme is more inclined to take action than am I.”

Chapter 15

Aboard the Prince Avor

Esme stood with Serafina on the deck of the Prince Avor searching with her eyes closed for some tiny movement in the air. She felt only the heavy humidity that hung like a blanket around them.
“The breezes should come soon as the land begins to cool,” Esme said.
They walked to the opposite side of the ship and watched as the last curve of a red sun sank below the horizon.
“Why have you decided to go to Eko first?” Esme asked. She had been looking forward to putting her sketches up beside real life models and was especially anxious to see if the whales might be visiting Bat Island.
“The pirate attack took place between Eko and Bat Island. No one on the island witnessed it. Only some of Okoro’s relatives who happened to be out fishing saw what happened. They may have returned to their village on the Eger River by now. We have a better chance of finding information in Eko if the pirates stopped there. Possibly Eko is their base.”
“But you do not believe that to be the case,” Esme said.
“No, we do not,” Serafina said. “King Gundar and his son Prince Oswald are always our more likely suspects.”
“But would they try the same failed tactic twice?” Esme asked. “Grandfather Blackwell learned at once that the pirate attack on Henge was a fraud set up to scare us into an alliance with Sandovia.”
“It does show a lack of imagination,” Serafina agreed. “But this time the attack is real. The pirates took Alekos and Cosmos prisoner and stole their ship as well.”
Esme nodded as she looked out at a horizon quickly disappearing as darkness overtook the sea.
“Let me try again for movement in the air near the coast of Africa,” Esme said.
They returned to the port side of the ship and Esme reached out with her open hand. She smiled as she felt it, as light as butterfly wings against her palm.
She moved her open hand back toward her body and the breeze followed it. Soon the sails of their ship began to flutter.

Shalin, aboard the Sea Dancer, waited impatiently for her sister to act. She had felt motion in the air a few minutes earlier. It is dark now. What is keeping Esme? Then she saw it. Even in the dark she could make out the white sails of the Prince Avor as they came to life.
She was about to hold up her palm when Dag appeared out of the darkness. “I saw the sails,” he whispered. “I will pretend to be talking to you while you call the winds so no one will suspect.”
“Thank you,” Shalin whispered back. She put up her palm and gently drew the breeze to her. Before long she could hear the sails flapping and Soldad’s anxious voice shouting to the crew.
“Man the sails! A breeze comes and our lead ship is turning to Africa. Do not lose sight of her. All hands on deck!”
“How did you know when we would act?” Shalin asked Dag.
He shrugged. “I am a scout. It is my job to know,” he said as he disappeared into the darkness.

Shalin decided to go to the galley for a bite to eat before turning in for the night. She was surprised to find Soldad already there, eating a late dinner.
Soldad smiled. “We are saved by a mainland breeze,” he said. “Please join me in my small celebration.”
“Thank you,” Shalin said. “Were you worried?”
“Yes, very worried. I do not sail these waters often, but I have heard stories – sad stories from times such as these with the winds ceased to blow.”
She sat down across from Soldad and he handed her an extra fork. “Share my plate with me. I believe the cook has gone to bed. He is not accustomed to cooking for so many men.”
Shalin smiled and took a bite of Soldad’s fish. “I notice we are now headed for the coast of Africa,” Shalin said.
Yes, I was hoping you might know why,” Soldad said. “I was told we would be going to an island off to the west.”
“That would be Bat Island. Something must have changed Father’s mind. Perhaps the lack of winds. He may have thought it safer to head for Africa in the circumstances.”
“Do you know where he might be headed now?”
“Eko would be the nearest port, I believe,” Shalin said.
“Eko? I have heard of it, but have never been there. Have you?”
“Yes, Eko was our starting point when we made the long trek to Timbitu and met you there four years ago.”
“Then Eko is my lucky port. I look forward to seeing it.”
Shalin smiled. “It is a friendly place. There is a tavern there owned by a man called Paddy who shares his home with a chimpanzee.”
Soldad laughed, but his laughter could not hide his troubled thoughts. Every detour in this journey was another delay in getting back to his family in Constantinople.
“This detour will delay you,” Shalin said.
Soldad nodded but said nothing.
“Surely your family will be safe for some time,” Shalin said. “There are stockpiles of food in the city and they may not be completely cut off by land as well as sea.”
“Am I so transparent?” Soldad asked.
“Yes,” Shalin said and it was true. “The worry showed on your face.”
“This is not a thing a trader wishes to hear. We traders try to school our expressions,” he said with a smile. “I have tried to soothe my troubled mind with the same arguments you present, but somehow they fall short.”
“I understand,” Shalin said. “I hope this business of pirates is resolved quickly. I am quite in love with your family as well and could not bear it should they be suffering.”
Soldad put his hand over Shalin’s. “You love my family?”
“Of course, your mother could not have been more gracious to us and your brother seems destined for sainthood. He taught my sister his art and it is now a big part of her life. From what I hear of your father, he is very much like you, so of course I would love him as well.”
“I am overwhelmed,” Soldad said. “Especially to know that you include me in your circle of love.”
Shalin raised an eyebrow. “Now you are teasing me, when I was being so honest.”
“On the contrary,” Soldad said. “I was being quite honest as well. To know that you are concerned about my family fills me with hope for I know you can work miracles.”
“I am not really an angel, you know,” Shalin said. “I only have a few unusual gifts that may not even be unique in the world.”
“They are unique in the world known to me,” Soldad said. “If only you might be allowed to go with me to Constantinople I feel we could surely save my family and perhaps my emperor as well – but as you say, you are a mortal being and I would never ask it or allow it. I even question your father’s decision to allow you along on this mission of retribution.”
“He has insisted I keep myself out of harm’s way and I will keep my promise to him,” Shalin assured Soldad.
“That gives me some solace,” Soldad said, pushing his plate across the table to her. “Eat; we will speak of more pleasant things. I will tell you what I know of the Parsis and we will dream of our voyage to India to find the origins of your ring.”
Shalin smiled and took another bite. “I would enjoy that,” Shalin said. “It would be a familiar dream. One I have already often dreamt.”

Chapter 16

Close to the Port of Eko

Aboard the Prince Avor, Captain Hardy had hung lanterns from the mast of his ship to allow Soldad a point of light to follow through the night, taking advantage of the breezes that filled the sails. Over the years Captain Hardy had learned not to question such things as unexpected winds when Serafina or the twins were aboard. He knew they were all students of sorcery and felt the less he knew, the more secure his job as captain.
Captain Soldad, on the other hand, knew Shalin possessed abnormal powers and, especially now, wished he knew the extent of those powers. He was half in awe of Shalin and half in love with her.  The breezes that came with no matching waves at sea were a mystery, or perhaps they were not. The temptation to ask for her help in using her miraculous powers to come to the aid of his family was almost too much to resist.
He did not want to put her life in danger – she was too precious to him. But was she perhaps so powerful that no danger could touch her? He did not know and he feared to upset the delicate balance of knowing too little and knowing too much that now existed between them.

The two ships anchored offshore after a night’s sail and a morning of watching the coast of Africa grow closer and closer.
Captain Hardy rowed from the Prince Avor over to the Sea Dancer in a shore boat.
“Permission to come aboard,” Captain Hardy called out.
“Come aboard,” Soldad shouted back. “We still have biscuits to offer.”
Captain Hardy smiled. “We are down to biscuits as well, but Eko has a large marketplace,” he shouted back.
When Captain Hardy was aboard, Shalin moved close enough to hear what he had come to say.
“Sorry for the unexpected detour to Eko,” Hardy told Soldad. “King Blackwell decided he had a better chance of tracing information about the pirates here in Eko than at Bat Island where the inhabitants are quite isolated.”
“No matter,” Soldad said graciously. “We were able to follow your lanterns through the night.”
“Yes, excellent,” Captain Hardy said. “At high tide we will be able to move our ships into the lagoon – a little closer to the village.”
“I look forward to our visit here,” Soldad said. “I have not anchored at this port before. Most of my experience has been in ports around the Great Sea.”
“You will find the culture very different here, I expect,” Captain Hardy said. “The trade is mostly through Tara merchants who come down from the north bringing salt in exchange for slaves and ivory.”
“I am familiar with the Tara guides who also lead caravans from Tangier down through the vast desert to Timbitu,” Soldad said.
“Ah, yes,” Captain Hardy said, nodding. “Perhaps not so different then.”
“May we offer you tea? Ale?” Soldad asked.
“I thank you, but I suspect I should return to my ship. We have a good many people eager to use the shore boat to go ashore. Another few hours and we will be able to move into the lagoon.”
“We will be ready,” Soldad said, “and I thank you for the information.”
Captain Hardy saluted and climbed back over the rail to his shore boat.

Soldad turned to find Shalin standing directly behind him. “I suppose you heard all that,” he said. “Will you go ashore directly or wait until we move into the lagoon?” 
“If it would be convenient, perhaps you would allow Dag to row me over to the Prince Avor. I would like to find out what my father plans to do while here in Eko and what he would have Esme and me do as well.”
“Certainly,” Soldad said. “I could row you over myself if you would prefer. Your father may have new orders for me as well.”
Shalin considered his offer. “Perhaps you could both come?”
“Yes, certainly,” Soldad said. “I will ready the shore boat while you find Dag.”

Within a few moments Shalin, Soldad and Dag were in the shore boat rowing the short distance between the two ships. Shalin went up the rope ladder first, without asking permission to come aboard.
Shalin asked one of the soldiers to guide her to Esme’s cabin and she opened the door without knocking.
Esme sat on her bunk making ink sketches on an open scroll.
“Shalin!” Esme said, putting her sketch aside and jumping up to hug her sister. “I was not sure you would be able to follow us through the night. I stayed up gathering winds until we came across a natural breeze a few hours later.”
“I did the same,” Shalin said. “Captain Hardy put up lanterns for us to follow.”
“I should have thought of that,” Esme said, frowning.
“You were busy, as was I. It was difficult finding enough breezes to fill the sails.”
Esme nodded. “Everyone would have been in serious jeopardy without us.”
“I rowed over with Soldad and Dag,” Shalin said.
“You brought Dag?” Esme smiled.
“Yes, he helped me by pretending to speak to me while I concentrated on gathering breezes.”
“He is considerate that way,” Esme said. “He may be puffed-up about his own abilities, but he is protective of mine – and yours, it seems.”
“Perhaps not so puffed-up as you imagine. His training as a scout has brought notable insight. He was quick to realize winds without accompanying waves might be suspect.”
“You are right,” Esme allowed. “He does possess great powers of observation. I should go up and welcome him aboard.”
“Yes, I thought you would like to see him. Do you know what Father has planned for us here in Eko?”
Esme shrugged. “He has realized we have little information as to the pirates’ possible whereabouts. Are they local? Are they based on an offshore island? Where do they get their supplies? Have they attacked other ships? He hopes to find out something about them here in Eko so he will know where to begin his search.”
“Yes, Eko seems a likely place to find out more,” Shalin agreed. “But Mother thinks they could be in the employ of Sandovia.”
Esme nodded. “And I believe Father is inclined to agree. Perhaps Paddy the Inn Keeper will know something. He seems to keep up with all the local gossip.”
“We will be moving into the lagoon in a few hours. Captain Hardy came to our ship to tell us.”
“Good, I am anxious to go ashore.” Esme paused. “I could make a sketch of Hairy the Chimp.”
Shalin laughed. “That would be a sketch I should like to have. Perhaps you could draw him at his usual place, presiding over the dice table.”
Esme laughed. “Yes, that would be perfect.”
Esme rushed out of the cabin to make plans for visiting Eko with her friend Dag.
Shalin was right behind her, eager to speak with her father and mother. She found them in their cabin.
“Shalin,” Serafina said when her daughter entered the cabin. “Thank you for your help.”
“Yes, thank you,” her father echoed. “We would still be languishing in the oppressive heat of the doldrums if not for the remarkable gifts bestowed on you and your sister.”
Shalin had waited a lifetime to hear such words come from her father’s mouth. She almost could not believe what she had just heard. “You are very welcome. I cannot take much credit. As you say, it is a gift.”

Chapter 17

Port of Eko

As soon as the two ships, Sea Dancer and Prince Avor were anchored in the protected lagoon next to Eko, everyone was anxious to go ashore. The soldiers from Henge were infantrymen, not sailors, and all had been shaken by their brief floundering helplessness in the doldrums.
It was decided that since Soldad could speak the Tara language, he and Shalin would question the Tara traders about possible pirate activity in the region. None of those traveling from Henge spoke the Eko tongue, so Serafina thought it best to seek the assistance of Paddy, the proprietor of the local tavern, a place Alekos and his brother Cosmos were known to frequent. Paddy spoke the local dialect and could perhaps be persuaded to help them gather information.
Shalin and Soldad struck out with low expectations. The Tara traders were quiet and secretive in the best of times, and since these Tara men would likely be strangers to Soldad, he predicted they would not be inclined to confide in him.
There were a few of the blue-veiled Tara traders sitting under shade trees in the marketplace. Two sat talking quietly next to a seated line of Africans shackled one to another. Slaves.
Shalin and Soldad approached the Tara men slowly. Soldad greeted them in the traditional manner, hands clasped, with a blessing.
The two men studied their guests and their thoughts were hidden from Shalin. She sensed hostility towards her and backed away, murmuring to Soldad, “I will be looking around the marketplace.”
Soldad nodded, keeping his attention centered on the two men.
After Shalin left, the two Tara traders seemed to relax a bit. They asked Soldad if he wanted to purchase slaves. He declined politely and told them he often traveled with Tara traders back and forth between Tangier and Timbitu, trading in salt and gold. He described the sandstorm that had hit outside the salt flats during one of his trips and the two men described similar storms that they had survived.
Soldad then mentioned that this was his first time in Eko and he had been lucky to survive the doldrums before arriving here on a light breeze.
The two men nodded. They had heard similar accounts, though they had never themselves been on a ship.
Soldad assured them life aboard ships was a good life if one had a love for the sea, but there was always the threat of pirates. He did not know if the pirates were a problem in the waters around Eko. He left the question open, but they did not seem to know either.
One of the men suggested he might try asking in the Tavern, a place where sailors seemed to congregate. They never went there since they did not take alcoholic beverages, but they knew the Tavern’s owner lived in back of the Tavern.
Soldad thanked them for their information and took his leave. He said he would perhaps see them again, but they said they were leaving the next day to go north with their slaves.
As a last resort, Soldad asked the men if they would ask their slaves if they had heard of any pirates in the area.
One of the Tara guides posed a question to the chained man sitting next to him, then translated his reply.
“He does not come from here. He was living up river when his village was raided by ivory hunters,” the Tara guide said.
“I thank you for asking,” Soldad said, giving the traditional Tara blessing on leaving.

Shalin was admiring a coral headdress at a stand in the marketplace when Soldad joined her. “Any luck?” she asked.
Soldad shook his head. “They are only passing through on their way north. They know nothing of the local gossip and do not associate with men of the sea.” He paused for a moment before asking, “Why did you decide to leave?”
“I sensed that my presence was making them uncomfortable,” Shalin said. “It was only a feeling – perhaps I was mistaken.”
“No, I think you are very astute,” Soldad said. “I sensed a similar coolness. The Tara men and women seem to have a clear division between men’s activities and women’s activities. They do not often mix. Even though women like Timti in Timbitu have a great deal of freedom and carry on their own enterprises, their husbands are usually traders who are rarely home.”
“A very different culture,” Shalin agreed. She could see thoughts of his own family were constantly on Soldad’s' mind. “Shall we head for the Tavern then, to see if my mother and father have had better luck with Paddy the Innkeeper?”
Soldad shrugged. “We may as well. I do not know the language of the local shopkeepers so there is not much we can learn here.”

Shalin and Soldad found Serafina, King Blackwell, Esme and Dag sitting on the dock near the Tavern.
“The Tavern is still closed,” Serafina said.
“The Tavern’s owner lives in the back of the Tavern,” Soldad told her. “That is the one helpful piece of information I was able to elicit from the Tara traders.”
The group stood and walked back toward the Tavern.
“Should we all go?” Shalin asked. “We do not want to overwhelm him.”
Serafina shrugged. “He is a tavern owner. He likely welcomes crowds.”
King Blackwell knocked at the back door of the Tavern and was surprised when a chimpanzee opened the door.
“Paddy?” A surprised King Blackwell said.
Hairy the Chimp gave the king a broad, toothy, chimpanzee smile before jumping up and down excitedly and racing up the stairs.
Paddy emerged at the top of the stairs looking slightly disheveled as though he might have just woken up. He put a hand on Hairy’s shoulder to quiet the chimp and noticed the crowd of visitors standing outside the open door.
“What have we here?” Paddy asked, coming down the stairs. “Have you all come to see me or for a bit of brew and fun?”
“We have come to see you if you are Paddy the Innkeeper,” Blackwell said.
“That I am, you have found me and I see you have met my mate Hairy as well.” He patted the excited chimp on the head. “As there seems to be a right number of ye, why don’t we go on through to the Tavern area where there are more chairs.”
Paddy led them through a door that connected to the Tavern and they all took seats around a large oval wooden table.
“Might I offer you a bit of our local brew?” Paddy asked his guests.
“That would be most welcome,” King Blackwell said. “We are friends of Alekos and Cosmos who have been captured by pirates. We have come to find them and kill the pirates who took them.”
Paddy squared his shoulders and lifted his chin. “Alekos and Cosmos are my best friends. I will help in any way I can.”

Chapter 18

Tavern at Eko

The “local brew” that Paddy served his guests must have been potent because soon everyone around the table in the Tavern seemed quite animated.
“There’ve been no stories of pirates ‘round port,” Paddy claimed. “Sure I’d of heard tell of that. But the chief said there was a crew ashore buying supplies at the market what looked to be from my native land. He wanted to know if they were family come to visit.”
“They looked rather like us then? Light-skinned? Tall?” King Blackwell asked.
“Aye, that’s what the chief said. I thought it was odd they didn’t stop in at the Tavern as most sailing folk tend to do.”
“Perhaps they did not want their presence noted,” King Blackwell suggested.
“My thoughts exactly,” Paddy said.
“Were they asking about nearby islands?” Serafina asked.
“Not likely. The chief said they didn’t know the local language. Just pointed to what they wanted and held out coins.”
“When was the last time you saw Alekos and Cosmos?” King Blackwell asked.
“About a month ago now, I’d wager. They’d always come here first thing when they sailed into port. Everyone’s always happy to see the brothers. Win or lose at games of chance, they’re always cheerful about it. Picked up supplies and dropped off their cargo to whatever big ship was heading north. Carried a lot of barrels of water in case the doldrums got them and that happened often. They had oars installed and used them.”
“Did they tell stories about the islands they visited?” Serafina asked.
“No,” Paddy said. “Never, and I can tell you that made the local folk curious. Never said nothing about their cargos, nor where they got them. I suppose that would make a pirate think it was something valuable they carried, wouldn’t you agree?”
“Possibly,” Serafina said, “though it doesn’t sound like there are any pirates operating in the area.”
“Until now,” Paddy added.
“Did you have an opportunity to question the one witness to the attack on the brothers’ ship?” King Blackwell asked.
“No,” Paddy said. “But he talked to the chief. Very shaken up, he was, the chief said. Afraid his family might be in danger.”
“Would you be willing to take us to speak to the chief and translate for us?” Serafina asked.
“Certainly. Shall we go now before I open the Tavern for the day?”
“We would appreciate it,” King Blackwell said. “We need to track these pirates down without delay.”
“Music to my ears,” Paddy said. “You’d not find two finer seafaring men than the brothers and I only hope no harm has come to them.”

The group following Paddy now included the king and queen, the twins, Soldad, Dag and Hairy the Chimp.
The village chief and two elders were still sitting under the acacia tree.
Paddy handed out a few kola nuts to the elders before sitting down to speak to them. The others in the group from Henge fanned out under the shade of the tree.
Paddy spoke to the elders of the tribe at length as they chewed and spat. Finally he turned to his visitors. “The chief says the father of one of the men who live on the secret island saw the pirates storm aboard the brothers’ ship. He said the pirate ship had red sails and flew a flag that had a picture of a human skull flying from its mast. He didn’t see anyone get killed, but the pirates sailed away on their own ship and the captured ship. They sailed south, and the whole thing only took a few minutes.”
“Did they seem to be the same people the chief saw in the marketplace? The ones that looked like us?”
Paddy translated the question to the chief. “He says the worried father was too far away to see the men clearly, but he thought they had beards and metal protectors over their chests that flashed in the sunlight.”
“Armor,” King Blackwell said thoughtfully. “Are there islands to the south?”
“Yes,” Shalin said, unexpectedly. She felt herself blushing as everyone turned to look at her.
“Captain Hardy knows about the islands,” she said. “He has charts from Prince Manos of Manoa that show their location.”
“How do you come to know this?” her father asked.
Shalin blushed again. “From when I stowed away on Uncle Phinn’s ship. We were looking for islands with, ah, fertilizer on them.”
“Where you found the ancient Phoenician recipe for purple dye?” Serafina asked.
“Yes,” Shalin said, thankful for the change of subject. “There were people on the island with no ships and no knowledge of how they got there.” She paused for a moment, then added, “Prince Oswald knows of the group of islands but he does not know that one of them is populated.”
Her father drew in a long breath before asking, “And how do you happen to know that?”
“Because Prince Oswald followed us there from Manoa, but we led him away from the populated island to keep their presence secret. They are self-sufficient and happy in their isolation.”
“Did you find guano there?” Serafina asked.
“Only a thin layer atop the cliffs where migratory birds nest,” Shalin said.
“This sounds a likely place to look for our so-called pirates,” King Blackwell said.
“Do you not believe they are real pirates?” Paddy asked.
“Whether they be pirates or not, they are now our enemies,” King Blackwell said, “and they will be treated as such.”
No one doubted the king’s sincerity as they stood to leave.
“We will need to visit Bat Island first,” Serafina said.
“Why is that?” Blackwell asked.
“With the brothers kidnapped, the island has already gone a month without the supplies usually provided by Alekos and Cosmos.”
Blackwell’s face colored slightly, realizing he had not considered that. “Yes, we will buy what is needed while we are here, but let us finish our business quickly. I do not want to miss catching these bandits red-handed, before they escape to Manoa where I expect we will find the instigator of this raid.”
They looked around the crowded marketplace. Most of the soldiers from aboard both ships were now perusing the local merchandise.
Shalin could see in her father’s mind that he judged they would likely not be able to   depart today. Soldiers were still coming ashore and now they had supplies to buy for Bat Island and empty barrels to be filled with fresh water.
“We will leave tomorrow at dawn – spread the word,” King Blackwell said.

Esme pulled on Dag’s sleeve. “Come with me,” she whispered. “We still have time enough to see a bit of the river Shalin and I rafted down from Timbitu.”
Before long they had traveled far enough along the riverbank to see some of the colorful flocks of parrots and hear the whooping cries of monkeys that flew from branch to branch along the river’s edge.
“This place is extraordinary,” Dag said. “It reeks of life.”
“And there are crocodiles!” Esme sang out gleefully.
They walked hand in hand along the banks of the river looking for the telltale skid marks of the wily reptiles.

Chapter 19

Port of Alexandria

Admiral Haddad could see the busy port of Alexandria just ahead. He hoped the emperor’s son, Governor Romanus, would still be there. He knew there was a good chance the governor would have already left with his fleet to try to break the siege of Constantinople.
Haddad ordered his first mate to anchor offshore. He did not want to go to a dock just yet. First he needed to get some idea of what the situation was here in Alexandria. It was possible the Ottoman invaders were attacking the Byzantine Empire on all fronts, including this port city.
Haddad and two of his crew rowed to shore along with one exploding handball and one exploding arrow tube for demonstration purposes. Since the weapons his ship carried had already been bought and paid for by Soldad the Trader, there was no need to impress Governor Romanus, but he felt it was his duty to show this customer the proper use of these advanced weapons.
As the three men touched the beach with their small shore boat, they were met by five Byzantine soldiers with swords drawn.
“We have brought weapons for Governor Romanus,” Haddad said quickly in Greek.
“We are not expecting any delivery of weapons,” the man with the most medals on his uniform said.
“These weapons were bought and paid for by Soldad de Medich,” Haddad told him.
The name Soldad de Medich appeared to hold some weight with the officer. “Find de Medich and bring him here.”
“You will not find him here,” Haddad said. “When we left Fernland, he was on his way to Africa.”
“You wait here,” the officer ordered. He nodded to one of his men and the man took off running.
The officer motioned Haddad and his crew members away from their boat and looked down at the two weapons inside. He started to pick up the handball and Haddad warned him, “Take care. That metal canister is filled with explosive powder. It could blow your body to small bits.”
The man withdrew his hand. “We shall see whose body is in danger here.”
Within a few moments the soldier sent to find Soldad returned with a middle-aged man who looked vaguely familiar. The man stopped to catch his breath. “You have news of my son?” he asked between heavy pants for air.
“You are Soldad’s father?” Haddad asked, realizing he looked very much like an older version of his son.
“I am Felix de Medich,” he said, holding out his hand. “I know Soldad left for Henge a month ago. He said there were rumors of re-created Greek fire. Is this Greek fire you bring to us?” His eyes rested on the weapons in the small craft.
“No, these are the same weapons I delivered last year to Constantinople to your Emperor Licenius. I am Admiral Haddad of Fernland and there yonder is our ship, the Sea Sprite, full of more like these.”
“You are a gift from God in our time of need,” Felix said solemnly. “Please come with me to meet Governor Romanus. He will want to thank you personally.”
The Byzantine officer ordered his men to pick up the weapons carefully and they followed along behind Felix, Haddad and his two crewmembers.
“Please tell me whatever news you have of my son,” Felix begged.
“He was distraught, of course, having returned with gold from Timbitu to find Constantinople in a state of siege and reunion with his family impossible.”
“I returned myself to find the same situation,” Felix said sadly. “Neither of us then knows how our family fares.”
“I suppose he decided the best thing he could do was find more weapons to help break the siege,” Haddad said. “He used some of his gold dust and nuggets to pay for this load of weapons in advance and my commander-in-chief, King Geoffrey of Fernland, ordered me to deliver them in accordance with Soldad’s instructions.”
“I am proud of my son’s resourcefulness,” Felix said. “These weapons are sorely needed. But why did he not accompany you here to Alexandria?”
“It was King Blackwell of Henge who arranged all this and he had his own agenda. He was on a mission to retaliate against pirates off Africa’s coast and needed another ship to carry more soldiers. They struck some sort of bargain and now Soldad’s ship is on its way to Africa carrying Henge soldiers.”
Felix lowered his voice. “Did the bargain involve Greek fire? The last time I saw my son, he said the Queen of Henge was working on resurrecting it.”
“I cannot say,” Haddad claimed, “but it very well may be as you hope. I have money to give to my associate shipbuilders in Taz from your son if they can craft a delivery system for his ship – a duplicate of the one assembled on my own ship, the Sea Sprite.”
Felix’s voice dropped to a whisper. “You have the ability to deliver Greek fire?”
“Yes, I do, however my commander-in-chief feels it is too dangerous, so I only have the delivery system – not the explosive mixture that brings the fire.”
“You have seen it at work?” Felix hissed between close teeth. “You have seen Greek fire?”
“I have seen experiments over the winter months I spent in Henge,” Haddad confirmed. “It burns even in water with unquenchable fury.”
Felix took a deep breath. “I hope I have not put you at risk with your commander by asking you to reveal these revelations,” Felix said.
“On the contrary. I believe that may very well be part of your son’s bargain with King Blackwell. My own commander, as I said, was advised by Blackwell to have the explosive mixture on board, but declined, feeling our usual weapons were sufficient to fend off any pirates we might encounter around the Great Sea.”
Felix stopped at the impressive colonnaded structure before them. “Here we are at the Governor’s palace,” he said. “Be prepared to be overwhelmed with gratitude.”
“It will suffice if I am kept from bodily harm at the hands of his officers,” Haddad said with a glance behind him at the Byzantine soldiers who still followed.
Felix smiled. “Allow me to introduce you with the appropriate description.”
“I am happy to do so,” Haddad said.
The guards at the entrance apparently recognized Felix and were quick to salute and step aside to allow entry to the palace.
The group of men entered and came face to face with a harried Governor Romanus shouting orders to a group of high-ranking Byzantine officers. “We must find a weak link in the chain. We have tons of grain molding in storehouses while our people starve in Constantinople. You will leave at dawn with the flotilla of ships carrying grain and you will not return until you find a way to deliver it. Am I understood?”
The generals all nodded enthusiastically before making a quick exit.
Governor Romanus turned to look at Felix and Haddad. “Who have we here?” he demanded.
“Here we have the answer to our prayers,” Felix said, smiling.

Chapter 20

Port of Alexandria

Admiral Haddad did not feel comfortable with Felix de Medich’s description of himself as a gift from God – a God he had no knowledge of or interest in. He decided to present himself to Governor Romanus of Egypt in a different light.
“I am Admiral Haddad of Fernland, charged by my commander-in-chief, King Geoffrey of Fernland, with delivery of a load of exploding hand balls and exploding arrow tubes. I have delivered two previous loads of these weapons to Emperor Licenius in Constantinople. You may have heard tell of them.”
“I have, indeed, heard of them,” Romanus said. “And you could not have arrived at a more propitious time. But how did you know to come here?”
Haddad glanced at Felix. “Felix’s son, Soldad de Medich, came to our kingdom of Fernland and paid in advance to have this load of weapons delivered to you in Alexandria.”
“That dear young man,” Romanus said. He, too, looked at Felix. “Your family will be richly rewarded for this act of heroism if we manage to prevail and survive.”
Felix flipped up the fingers of both hands as though this action on his family’s part was of little consequence, but his pride in his son was obvious in his facial expression. “Tell him about the Greek fire,” Felix urged.
Haddad nodded. “Soldad also authorized me to hire out the construction of a delivery system identical to the one installed on my ship, the Sea Sprite, capable of delivering the fabled Greek fire which Queen Delphinia of Henge has now resurrected and perfected.”
Romanus drew in a sharp breath. “Greek fire? You have Greek fire aboard your ship?”
“No, I do not. My commander-in-chief finds it too dangerous and  unnecessary to carry aboard a weapons ship. But our ship is shared with our ally, Henge, and when it is their turn to send off a cargo, I will no doubt carry Greek fire aboard as a deterrent to pirate attacks.”
“Might I see this delivery system aboard your ship?” Governor Romanus asked.
“Yes, certainly,” Haddad said. “I have one request from King Geoffrey.” He pulled the list of items needed for the new mint from his tunic. “This is a list of items he needs to begin minting coins. Soldad assured him that you would have the necessary items here in Alexandria’s marketplace. I have money to pay you for the items.”
Governor Romanus handed the list off to one of his officers. “See that this is filled immediately,” he ordered. “There will be no payment needed,” he told Haddad. “Now, please, take Felix and me to your ship so that we might view this delivery system for Greek fire.”
“With pleasure,” Haddad said, “perhaps we could bring the ship into dock for ease of unloading the cargo?”
“I find my excitement too great to allow even this brief delay. I will go with you on a shore boat and we will bring your ship into dock together.” He glanced at Felix. “Will you join us, Captain Felix?”
“I was hoping you would include me,” Felix said, smiling. “I wish to be allowed to follow Admiral Haddad to Taz and have the delivery system my son has ordered installed on my own ship, The Logos.”
Romanus considered this. “No, your ship is too vulnerable to attack, built for speed and trade. I will have it installed on one of my warships with a thicker hull, more resistant to attack.”
Felix looked a little disappointed, but bowed in acceptance of this royal decree.

The three men arrived at the anchored Sea Sprite followed by a small armada of shore boats carrying generals and other officers from the governor’s staff. They all swarmed up the rope ladder and surrounded the metal apparatus that composed the delivery system.
“It is a simple but ingenious design,” Admiral Haddad began. “Steam is the propellant, hence the cauldron that composes the base. Once the water is of a temperature to induce steam, the trick is to contain the steam until it builds up the force needed to propel the mixture inside the metal tube as far as possible. Our experiments show that length to be approximately fifty feet.”
“And you have seen this done?” Romanus asked.
“I have. Over the winter months, the soldiers at Henge perfected the mixture and the delivery. Of course there is an element of risk. I agree with King Geoffrey that such an extreme weapon should only be used in the direst circumstances.”
“I believe our siege situation in Constantinople would qualify as such a dire circumstance,” Governor Romanus said. “And does this mixture truly burn even in water as the fables would have us believe?”
“With a ferocity that must be seen to be believed,” Haddad affirmed.
Byzantine officers were busy making sketches and taking notes as the governor spoke. Haddad wondered if he was going too far in sharing these weapons with the governor. Yet King Geoffrey had agreed to Soldad’s request that Haddad order such a delivery system for his own ship, so he supposed that the allies had stationed themselves firmly in the Byzantine camp. Their ultimate aim was to weaken the Great Khan’s hold on world trade, and Haddad was in agreement with that goal.
“Shall I weigh anchor and bring the ship in to be unloaded?” Haddad asked.
“Yes, please do,” Governor Romanus said. “The sooner the better. And please come for lunch at the palace. I have further gifts to bestow upon you and your king.”
Haddad smiled and bowed. “With pleasure.”

Over lunch it was decided that Felix the Trader would follow the Sea Sprite to Taz on his ship The Logos. They would be accompanied by the warship that would be outfitted with the delivery system and a few ships full of wheat grain for the Taz workmen. They would also include various metal parts and cauldrons that might aid the shipbuilders in their task.
The lunch was sumptuous with many courses of fowl and meat and various wines. Haddad politely refused the wines.
“Tell us more of what you know regarding this voyage to Africa that has delayed my son’s return,” Felix said to Haddad.
“Two of Henge’s partners charged with implementing an enterprise in West Africa were reportedly attacked at sea and their ship commandeered. This is to be a mission of reprisal against those pirates responsible and perhaps a rescue mission as well, if the brothers who own the captured ship are still alive. Since the Sea Sprite was scheduled for Fernland’s use just now and Henge has only one other small ship, the King of Henge found it necessary to bargain for the use of your son’s ship in his reprisal attack. He wanted to take an overwhelming force of soldiers. Your son was set on obtaining Greek fire from Henge, so he agreed to King Blackwell’s terms.”
“A wise decision, I believe,” Romanus said. “Perhaps the decision that will save both our families in Constantinople. Do you not agree Felix?”
Felix let out a deep breath. “I certainly do. For the first time in weeks, I have real hope of breaking the siege and freeing our emperor.” 

Chapter 21

Bat Island

On their voyage from Eko to Bat Island, the two ships, Prince Avor and Sea Dancer, had been borne along on fair winds. The twins had not yet been called upon to use their powers to fill the sails.
Aboard the Prince Avor, King Blackwell looked out at the approaching volcanic island with its tall lava plug and remarked, “What an unusual geographic feature.”
“Not so unusual as one would think,” Serafina said. “It shows volcanic activity in the island’s past. I have seen others like it, though none as large.”
“Volcanic?” King Blackwell said. “No wonder the island was uninhabited.”
“I believe the volcano must have been active in the distant past. We saw no evidence of recent lava flows,” Serafina said. “The whole island is now covered in dense foliage.”
“And the caves our bats now inhabit? Any evidence of volcanic activity there?” Blackwell asked.
“Most likely formed long ago as lava flowed through, melting rock along the way,” Serafina conjectured.
“A most amazing place,” Blackwell said.
Esme had come to stand beside her parents. “Even more amazing when the turtles’ eggs hatch and baby turtles cover the seas, or when the great whales arrive to give birth.”
“Both events I would like to see,” King Blackwell said. “Perhaps we should not be too quick to give up our rights here, once the guano runs out.”
Serafina shrugged. “There are other islands to be mined and explored.”
“Quite right,” Blackwell said, standing taller. “We must not allow sentiment to stand in the way of progress.”

The two ships anchored offshore and shore boats were immediately lowered.
Aboard the Sea Dancer, Shalin asked Soldad, “Will you come ashore with me?” 
“I would not miss doing so for any reason,” Soldad said. His eyes held the excited wonder of a child’s on contemplating a new adventure.
 “It is a beautiful island,” Shalin assured him, “but plagued by heat, humidity and insects.”
Soldad nodded. “I have chosen long sleeves and leggings in spite of the heat. Not so different from jungle climates, is it?”
“Very much the same,” Shalin said, smiling. “Though no crocodiles and the rumored black cobras have yet to show themselves.”
“I shall be content with their elusiveness,” Soldad said cheerfully. “Our shore boat awaits.”
Before long most of those aboard both ships were gathered on the beach, some greeting soldier friends from Henge who were stationed here temporarily. The new arrivals looked curiously at the guano miners, former slaves who were already five years into their seven year indenture contracts.
Shalin and Esme recognized Okoro from their raft trip down the Eger River and went to greet him. He was standing next to his wife who was holding a young child in her arms.
They were surprised when Okoro greeted them in English.
“Welcome to Bat Island,” he said, smiling. “You remember my wife, Bisa, and this is our son, Jojo.”
“You have a son!” Esme reached out to hold him, but the boy turned shyly back into his mother’s shoulder.
Okoro laughed. “He has never seen so many strangers at one time. Why have so many soldiers come to visit?” he asked.
“We will explain,” Shalin said, “but first tell us, how is it that you now speak such perfect English?”
Okoro grinned. “Alekos and Cosmos. And the soldiers, of course. But the two brothers saw I had a gift for picking up words, so they taught me English – and how to play games with dice.”
“What did you use for money in the dice games?” Esme asked.
“Pieces of coral on my part. Coins on theirs. I believe I am a bit ahead in that regard.”
“You do not know what has happened to Alekos and Cosmos?” Shalin asked.
“I fear they may have been taken by pirates,” he said slowly. “They have not returned to pick up the guano we have stored since my father saw their ship boarded by those on another ship. The two ships sailed away to the south.”
“You thought it may not have been pirates?” Esme asked.
“I hoped it was not,” Okoro said. “My father said the men who boarded their ship were big, thick men, so I thought perhaps it was a ship from your people who came asking for their help.” He shrugged. “I began to worry when they did not return with supplies.”
“We have brought supplies for you,” Esme assured him. “We know now the brothers never returned to Eko. We have come to find them. We think the men who took their ship may have been pirates.”
“We will do what we can to help,” Okoro said. “Everyone liked Alekos and Cosmos.”
“You have only two years left now on your indenture,” Shalin said. “What will you do when your contract is fulfilled?”
“My wife and I plan to stay here. This is our home now. My father comes twice a year to visit and he will bring me a boat when it is allowed. Some others from my old village want to come here as well. Especially around the time of the great elephant migration. They need a place to hide from the ivory hunters.”
“What about the things you will still need from the mainland?” Esme asked.
“We have begun to plant yams. They seem to thrive here. And we can sell coral beads for whatever else we need.” Okoro said.
“We are happy your life here has turned out well,” Shalin said.
“Yes,” Okoro said. “I thought my life was over when I was taken as a slave. But now this island has become a refuge for my people. A place where their skill at fishing has found fertile ground.”
Esme made one more attempt to befriend Jojo and this time he allowed himself to be taken.
Esme sang him a song as she performed all the tests that had become routine to her as a physician. She wanted to make sure he was fit as she checked for soft spots on his head, fluid in the ears, his eyes as he followed her moving finger, the strength of his heartbeat and rotation of his legs and hips. She kissed the top of his head as she handed him back to Bisa. “You have a fine healthy son,” she told his mother as Okoro translated her words. 
Bisa smiled and nodded.

Shalin and Esme returned to the group crowded together on the beach. Their father was giving orders and directions to his soldiers.
“After the supplies are unloaded from both ships we will be taking a survey of how much guano remains to be mined here on the island. You will split into teams and follow Queen Serafina’s orders. There are several caves and overhangs to be measured on the island. This work will have to be completed during the nighttime hours while the bats are out hunting insects. Our indentured servants will be able to guide you.” He paused and looked at his wife. “Have I forgotten anything?” he asked her.
“No, you have covered everything. I suggest all those on duty tonight try to get some rest before dark,” Serafina said to the assembled group.
Blackwell nodded. “Dismissed,” he called out, before walking over to join the twins. 
“I saw you girls talking to one of the workers. Does he speak Greek?”
“No, Shalin said. “Alekos and Cosmos have taught him to speak English. His name is Okoro. It was his father who saw the pirates take control of the brothers’ ship. But he had no new information to offer.”
Blackwell nodded. “We will be searching the entire island tonight as we make measurements, but I doubt the pirates came ashore here.”
“Are Shalin and I free to explore?” Esme asked.
King Blackwell looked at Serafina who only shrugged by way of reply.
“Yes, I suppose so, but be sure you are back before dark. We may need your assistance with the survey.”
Esme smiled as she relayed a thought to her sister. I will find Dag. You find Soldad.

Chapter 22

Bat Island

After the meeting on the beach broke up and most went to find shade and blankets for napping, Shalin pulled Esme aside.
“Are you sure you want to explore Bat Island?” Shalin asked her sister. “We could stay here on the beach where there are fewer insects and go for a swim.”
“No, this is our chance to see what animals live here, and we may never come again once the guano is depleted.”
“All right,” Shalin said. “I will see if Soldad cares to go along.”
“Good,” Esme said. “I know Dag will want to come. We can meet here on the beach.”

Shalin found Soldad talking to Okoro about a possible trade in coral beads. She stood nearby but did not interrupt their conversation.
Soldad was quick to include her in his conversation. “Okoro tells me he enjoys diving for coral which his wife makes into beads for decoration. I believe such a product would find a market around the Great Sea.”
“Yes, even in Eko such beads are very popular,” Shalin said, smiling at Okoro.
“I have some fishing gear, hooks and lines that might interest you,” Soldad told Okoro.
“I would like to see these things,” Okoro said. “I will meet you here later with some of the necklaces Bisa has made for trade. She is napping now. We work the caves at night.”
“Excellent,” Soldad said.
“Okoro’s people are renowned fishermen,” Shalin said. “You are perceptive to offer fishing gear in trade.”
Soldad smiled. “I have spoken to some of the soldiers stationed here. They told me of Okoro’s father’s visits to supply the colony with fish.”
“Esme has invited us to join her and Dag in an exploration of the island’s interior.”
“You do not seem enthusiastic,” Soldad noted.
Shalin sighed. “It will be hot and insect-infested in the interior, but she seems bent on such an expedition. I have agreed to go, but you do not need to suffer with me.”
Soldad laughed. “Would I allow my angel to suffer alone? God forbid.”

All four prospective explorers met on the beach a few minutes later. Dag seemed as enthusiastic as Esme.  Shalin thought them well matched, even if demented.
Although Soldad was the oldest by a few years, he seemed to have no qualms about allowing Dag and Esme to take the lead in breaking a path through the heavy foliage of the island’s interior.
“Are there no trails to follow?” Soldad asked as he watched his feet to avoid stepping on the ubiquitous frogs that dotted the moss-covered ground.
“No, there are no animals large enough to make trails as far as we know. There are rumored to be black cobras, but few people have seen them,” Shalin said.
Before long, they were aware of brightly colored birds above them in the canopy of trees, darting to and fro among the branches. When the four stood still for a moment, the jungle came alive with birdsong.

Although Esme and Dag were on high alert as they led the way through the jungle, it was Soldad who discovered the black cobra. He accomplished this by almost walking directly into the snake which was hanging from a tree like a dead limb.
Soldad flung out both arms to protect Shalin who was behind him.
Shalin saw the large snake raise its head, extend its neck flaps and prepare to strike. She was able to immobilize it in mid-strike, giving Soldad time to back away.
Shalin released her mind’s hold on the snake’s body, allowing the snake to lift itself into the branches of the tree and slither away.
Soldad turned and hugged Shalin to his chest. Shalin could feel his heart racing. “Are you all right?” he asked.
“Yes, fine,” Shalin said, relaxing into his hug. “Are you?”
Soldad held Shalin at arms’ length to look at her. “But it was you who held back his strike, was it not? I am now doubly in your debt.”
“No,” Shalin protested. “I cannot abide any further gratitude to satisfy your honor. This time it was you who saved my life. You threw out your arms to protect me with your own body. I am now in your debt forever.”
Soldad laughed and drew her back into his hug. “Spoken like a true angel.”
Shalin was beginning to loathe that word. Will he never see me as a human being?
Esme and Dag had turned back to see what had happened to their fellow explorers and found them hugging one another.
“Are you done exploring so soon?” Esme asked.
“Soldad saved me from walking into a black cobra,” Shalin said.
Soldad opened his mouth to protest, but then thought better of it and stayed silent.
Perhaps there is still a chance that he will see me as a flesh and blood girl, Shalin dared to hope.
“I believe the snake was asleep,” Shalin said, “it was just hanging down from the tree.”
Esme looked around quickly. “This tree?” She moved closer to the tree.
“Yes, and please stay clear of it,” Shalin ordered. “You are the only physician here. If you are bitten, who will care for you?”
Esme gave her sister an irritated glance. “I just want to see what it looks like.”
“I just told you. It looks like a dead branch, until it opens its mouth and shows its fangs.”
Esme huffed out a breath. “Very well. We shall be on the lookout for dead branches from now on.”
They continued their exploration without further incident, found one new cave that appeared to have a good coating of guano and decided it was time to turn back. The four returned to the beach, tired, insect-bitten and ready for a swim. Wading into the gentle waves fully-clothed, they allowed the lagoon’s ripples to wash their garments as they soothed their bodies.
Serafina hailed them as they came back to shore, dripping seawater but much refreshed.
“There are dry clothes in the tent,” she said, pointing to a newly erected tent further down the beach. “Did you find anything noteworthy on your walk?”
“A black cobra and a new cave full of guano,” Esme said.
“Excellent,” Serafina said. “We will include the new cave in our assessment. Was the black cobra aggressive?”
“No,” Shalin said. “Not until we woke it up. It was hanging from a tree.”
“I shall warn those taking measurements tonight to have a care,” Serafina said. “Can you give me directions to the new cave?”
No one really wanted to retrace their journey through the island’s interior but Dag evidently saw it as his responsibility. “I will be happy to act as a guide,” he said.
“Good. Take a rest. We will start our assessment tonight after the bats leave their caves. We have plenty of torches ready.”
After changing into clean clothes, Dag spread out a blanket on the beach to rest before the start of the survey.
Esme spread out a blanket next to him.
“What do you think of Bat Island?” she asked.
“It could not be more different from Helsop. Hot, humid, full of life. I certainly prefer the cool clear lakes and forests of Helsop with its large animals, but this has been an unforgettable experience and I will treasure it.”
“I was so happy to have someone with me who shares my love of exploration,” Esme said.
“Perhaps if I ingratiate myself with your father, I will be allowed to travel with you again,” Dag said.
“I like that plan,” Esme said. “We will find a way.”
“No, we will not, but perhaps I will. Your plans have a way of getting out of hand,” Dag said.
Esme decided that would have to do, for now.



Chapter 23

Bat Island

As dusk descended on Bat Island, those gathered on the beach to begin the survey marveled at the dark clouds of bats flying out from their caves to begin their nightly banquet of insects.
“There must be millions,” Soldad exclaimed.
Shalin nodded. The two of them had been excluded from this evening’s work as Serafina did not want Soldad to become overly curious about Henge’s fixation on guano. Serafina knew Shalin would try to keep Soldad concentrated on her ring and the cities she wished to visit to trace its origins. Her mother’s strategy did not suffice, as Soldad’s next question indicated.
“I find it odd that Henge imports such large quantities of fertilizer, yet most of its grains and fruits come in by ship. Do you sell the guano to inland neighbors? To Helsop, perhaps?”
Shalin had no answer for his question. Even a plausible lie did not come to mind. “Yes, it is odd,” she said, as though the obvious fact had never occurred to her.
Soldad smiled. “Another mystery to add to those so prevalent in Henge.”
“What other mysteries?” Shalin asked.
“The mystery that is you and the mystery that is your sister,” he said, then smiled. “But no matter, I am content to be the friend of such an intriguing mystery.”
“Esme and I are hardly mysteries, and we include ourselves among those mystified. We do not know why we were gifted with certain unusual abilities. Mother tells us that others have claimed such powers in the past – even written about them, but like you, we have yet to meet such people. Father warns us to keep our abilities secret lest we fall into the hands of unscrupulous people.”
“Your father is a wise man,” Soldad said. “And I am honored that you have deemed me to be a person with scruples, and do not hide your abilities from me.”
“A few people know,” Shalin admitted. “Our family, some in Helsop – Dag knows.”
“I assumed he must, being such a close friend to Esme,” Soldad said.
“Our powers are not so incredible – rather akin to those of magnetic stones. We can push, pull and nudge with our minds. Were we able to explain the mystery of such stones, we might see to the source of our powers as well.”
“Magnetic minds,” Soldad echoed, considering the possibility. “You are quite right, of course. There are many such marvels in nature that cannot be explained.”
Esme ran down the beach waving to draw her sister’s attention. “We are leaving now. I have decided to go with Dag to show Mother the new cave we found today. You will not be joining us?”
“No,” Shalin said. “I hope the noise of dozens of soldiers trooping through the undergrowth will be enough to keep your paths snake-free, but one encounter was enough for me.”
Soldad laughed. “I will stay here to keep your sister company. But I hope you will tell us if the new cave turns out to be riddled with precious metals or gemstones.”
Esme smiled. “Who knows what treasures may lurk beneath layers of smelly fertilizer? I am off then. I need to grab a torch before they are all claimed.”

While Shalin and Soldad settled in beside a campfire on the beach, King Blackwell and Serafina were busy giving instructions to the team leaders of the survey.
“You will need to measure the depth, the width and the length of the remaining guano deposits,” Serafina said. “One person on your team should be the designated recorder. There should be measuring devices enough for each team.”
“Have a care for the black cobras,” King Blackwell cautioned. “They will choose to escape rather than fight if given the chance, so I do not foresee injuries, but we learned today that they may commonly rest in trees as well as on the ground. It may be well to make a racket as you go to scare them off.”
“I and my team will be exploring a newly discovered cave,” Serafina said. “We have a fire flower with us should we need assistance. We will launch it into the sky to mark the spot if need be and those nearest to the light should come at once to our aid.”
“Any questions?” King Blackwell asked.
No one spoke up.
“Very well,” Blackwell said. “I will remain here to receive your reports. Any problems – come to me. Carry on with your assignments.”
The team leaders scattered down the beach to gather their respective teams and a line of torches was soon entering the dark interior of Bat Island.

A few hours later, Soldad and Shalin were lounging by the campfire, holding hands as they gazed up at the night sky alive with brilliant stars. Soldad was recounting an old Roman myth about the bright star Sirius, when a fire flower exploded into the sky. “That is from the new cave,” Soldad exclaimed.
“Mother and Esme and Dag are there!” Shalin said, jumping up.
“Wait,” Soldad said. “Let me get ropes and pulleys. Caves often have unexpected drops.”

They joined a crowd of soldiers on their way through the undergrowth to reach the spot where they judged the fire flower to have originated, and followed the faint impressions of boot prints in the mossy forest floor. Before long they could see the glow of torches ahead.
Serafina stood with Esme at the entrance to the cave.
“There was a fissure Sergeant Snipes did not see,” Serafina explained. “He is alive, but sounds to be at quite a depth.” Noticing Soldad and his crew among those coming to her aid, she said, “Excellent, you have brought ropes. Follow me.”
Dag stood guard at the edge of the drop off, holding a torch and trying to reassure Sergeant Snipes that help was on the way.
Shalin could see Dag’s forlorn expression in the light of his torch. He was shaking his head, muttering, “I should have stayed ahead of him.”
“No matter,” Soldad assured him. “We will soon have him out of there. Do you want us to lower you down to rope him up? He is likely injured. It sounds a long drop.”
“Yes,” Dag said eagerly, “if you would. I shall keep my torch as I descend to assess his injuries.”
“I should be the one to assess his injuries,” Esme protested.
“We can lower you as well, if the space below allows it,” Soldad said.
All looked to Serafina for permission to carry out the plan.
She nodded. “Proceed with caution.”
Soon both Dag and Esme were at the bottom of the drop off. Esme called for splints and bindings and a stretcher made of branches. “His legs are broken, but they are clean breaks,” she yelled up the shaft.
Soon Sergeant Snipes was secured and given medicine for the pain from the small packet Esme always carried in the pocket of her tunic.
“The cave opens up to a huge cavern below,” Esme told her mother when she reached the top level. “There is a lot of guano there.”
Serafina shook her head. “It is too dangerous. This cave will be off limits to all.”

Esme walked beside Dag who carried one end of the stretcher on the way back to the beach. “I should like to have explored that great cavern further,” she said. “I heard the sound of falling water coming from within.”
“I, as well,” Dag said. “Perhaps we will come again with the time to do so.”
“You foresee such a time?” Esme asked.
Dag smiled. “Thanks to your sister, I now foresee a future that might allow for such a time.”
“What did my sister say?” Esme asked.
Dag smiled. “You would have to ask her.”

Chapter 24

Bat Island

The next morning Henge’s soldiers were busy breaking camp on Bat Island as Shalin and Esme crossed paths. Esme appeared exhausted and ready for a nap. Shalin had just awakened from a good night’s sleep in a tent on the beach.
 Esme had stayed up most of the night caring for her patient, Sergeant Snipes, and was now instructing Okoro’s wife Bisa about what to watch for as she took over nursing duties. She waved at Shalin as she passed the hut that served as infirmary.
Shalin was looking for her mother and father and found them speaking to Captain Hardy and Soldad about their plan to sail to the five island chain that Phinn had visited six years ago.
Serafina waved Shalin over to join them. “Captain Hardy remembers how to get to the islands. But he did not go ashore on your last visit. He stayed with his ship. He says you and the acting troupe went ashore on the largest island and stayed with the people there.”
Shalin nodded “Yes that is correct. Even though we did not speak their language, the natives welcomed us. If the pirates went ashore there, I am sure they would be welcomed as well.”
“But you managed to communicate with the islanders,” Serafina said. “You told me they had all been born there.”
“Yes, Lars the Trader was with us. He said their language was similar to that of North African traders, so he was able to find some familiar words.” She glanced at Soldad. “Likely Soldad would be able to make out the gist of their speech.”
Soldad smiled. “I would certainly like to give it a try.”
“In that case, I think we should go there first,” her father said. “They may be able to tell us if the pirates’ ship is hiding among the islands. Its red sails would make it memorable.”
“Any ship would be memorable to those people,” Shalin assured her father. “They will be happy to see us. We had a grand party there under Phinn’s leadership. They all dressed in our theater costumes and sang and danced to the acting troupe’s music.”
Her father shrugged. “We could offer a bit of ale,” he said, hopefully.
“They would appreciate grains of any kind. They have only a horrible white paste there that completes their diet of fish and fruit.”
King Blackwell did not comment further on his proposed treatment of the islanders, but spoke to the group in general. “We will leave in an hour and head south. Hopefully we will reach the island chain today. Once we arrive, only a few of us will go ashore. Soldad, you will come from your ship along with Shalin and Dag. I will come from my ship along with Serafina and Esme. We will bring gifts for the natives and hopefully learn whether the pirate ship has made this island their lair.”
The group broke up and Shalin stayed with Soldad. “I should not have offered you up as an interpreter,” Shalin apologized. “You may have no interest in finding these pirates.”
“Of course you should have done exactly as you did,” Soldad said. “The sooner we find these pirates and free your friends, the sooner I can return to the aid of my family in Constantinople.”
“I wish I could find an argument that would convince my father to allow me to go with you. I know I could help in breaking the siege,” Shalin said.
“You will never find such an argument,” Soldad said sadly. “I know because I myself could not find an argument that would allow me to take you into such a dangerous situation.”
Shalin decided to change the subject. “Have you arranged with Okoro to find a market for his coral beads?”
“Yes, I believe so. If we succeed in finding your two friends, Alekos and Cosmos, I have the name of a trader who will buy them from the brothers and take them north to Timbitu. I can collect them there on one of my many trips to buy gold. Of course this all depends on our return to normalcy in Constantinople.”
“I am happy for Okoro’s sake. I believe most of the people here will stay on after their indenture is concluded. Okoro will likely become their leader, establishing trade with the outside world.”
Soldad nodded. “He does seem a natural leader. Affable but very intelligent.”
Shalin thought these words described Soldad as well, but did not say so. “Have you anything to pack?”
“No, my crew has taken care of the ropes and pulleys we brought ashore. Have you anything?”
Shalin shook her head and patted the small bag hanging from her shoulder by a strap. “All packed.”
“Shall we find Dag then and row back to the Sea Dancer?”
“He is likely with Sergeant Snipes, still insisting the accident was his fault,” Shalin said.
Soldad smiled as they walked in the direction of the hut Esme had claimed for her infirmary. “Dag seems quick to take responsibility. Do you know him well?”
Shalin nodded. “He was our first friend. Esme and I met him in Helsop when we were both infants. My mother left us in Helsop with Electra while she went off on one of her many secret excursions. I am sure Electra was at her wit’s end taking care of two crying babies and their pet panther.”
“You had a panther for a pet?” Soldad asked with an arched eyebrow.
“Yes, she was the only cat known to save a kingdom, but that is another story.”
“I look forward to hearing all your stories,” Soldad said, “but back to Dag for now. How did he become your first friend?”
“He was only a year and a half older than Esme and I, so he was not in awe of our abilities. He watched us pull toys toward us and was not afraid, only curious. He was too young to know such abilities were uncommon. His mother Isa was the only one in the village who would allow a panther in her house and she only did it because she was indebted to Electra.”
“How was she indebted to Electra?” Soldad asked, trying to imagine the scene in his mind.
“Electra came to Henge as Dagon’s prisoner. One of the first things she did was take over their clinic. Isa had just given birth to Dag – his real name is Dagon. Isa named him for his uncle, Dagon. Without Electra’s care Isa and Dag might both have died. Isa was weak with starvation as were most of the villagers in Helsop.”
“You had best stop there,” Soldad said. “My head is already whirling with so many revelations.”
“Yes, I understand,” Shalin said, as they entered the hut where Sergeant Snipes lay on a cot, taking sips of soup as Esme fed him and Bisa watched. Dag was holding the sergeant’s head and shoulders up just enough to make eating possible.
“We are ready to leave,” Soldad said. “King Blackwell has ordered us on to the next port.”
“Would you prefer to be loaded on to the ship or to stay here until the next rotation of soldiers?” Esme asked her patient.
“I would only slow you down,” Sergeant Snipes said. “Do you know when the next rotation will occur?”
“It would normally be six months from now, but if we do not find Alekos and Cosmos, it could be longer,” Esme warned.
“You go ahead,” he said. “Bisa will take care of me.”
“I am so sorry we were not more vigilant on your behalf,” Dag said.
“It was not your fault. I was looking up to see if there were bats still clinging to the roof of the cave when I should have been looking down to see where my feet were going.”
Dag lowered him gently down to the cot. “I will look in on you before we leave,” he promised.

Chapter 25

Bat Island

Outside the hut, Esme prepared to say goodbye to Shalin and Dag as they parted ways to go aboard their separate ships.
“I am sorry we will be separated once again,” Shalin said to her sister.
“No matter,” Esme said, yawning, “I believe I could sleep for several days without waking.”
“I had best go gather my belongings from the beach if I am to have time to look in again on Sergeant Snipes,” Dag said. He gave Esme a brief hug before taking off at a run down the beach.
“What did you say to Dag?” Esme asked Shalin.
“Just now? You heard everything I said,” Shalin reminded her.
“No, something important. He has been acting different, less removed. He told me that thanks to you he can now imagine a future where we might return here to Bat Island. When I asked him what you said to make that possible, he told me I would have to ask you.”
“Ah,” Shalin said. “Yes, we traded confidences one evening, when he pretended to talk to me as I called the winds to our sails. He did not want my actions to draw attention.”
“I see,” Esme said, slightly jealous of the scene being described.
“I asked him if he loved you, and he confirmed that he did.”
“He said he loves me?” Esme said, shocked to her core. “Why did he tell you instead of telling me?”
“Because he saw you as unattainable in your new destined role as Henge’s queen,” Shalin said.
Esme slumped. “That is as I suspected.”
“But I reminded him that you would need a commander-in-chief for your army.”
Esme sighed. “What other role does the Queen of Henge have than to be commander-in-chief herself?”
“To be a healer as you are now,” Shalin said. “You are no longer fit to be commander-in-chief. You have taken an oath to do no harm. How can that possibly fit with ordering an army to conquer and kill?”
“You are right, of course,” Esme said. “Why did I not see that?” She paused. “And Dag saw himself in that role? Would that not be in conflict with his commitment to Helsop’s militia?”
Shalin shrugged. “I did not know myself until you just now told me he envisions a possible new future for himself.”
Esme could feel her excitement growing. “Then we have only to convince Father that he might foresee the same future for Dag.”
“Let nature take its course,” Shalin advised. “Dag has many years yet to rise in Helsop’s ranks and you will not be queen until Father dies – all so many years in the future. Besides, there is still a marriage proposal from Boris of Constantinople left unanswered. If the siege there is broken and the city regains its influence in the world, Father will need to send a reply.”
“I doubt Father would consider accepting the proposal now. A city that would allow itself to be laid under siege could not survive his scrutiny.”
Shalin mulled over Esme’s words. “You are likely correct, but what does that say about Henge? Are we such fair-weather friends?”
Esme nodded eagerly. “Yes, I believe we are.” She glanced back at the open door of the hut. “Just let me say goodbye to Sergeant Snipes and I will walk back down the beach with you.” She clasped her hands together against her chest before throwing her arms around her sister. “How can I ever thank you? You have changed the course of my life.”
“I am sure you and Dag would both have figured it out in time,” Shalin said.

Shalin and Esme waited by two empty shore boats on the beach.
Soldad and Dag came striding toward them, carrying their packs.
 “Bisa and her son are installed at Sergeant Snipes’ bedside and he seems quite content,” Soldad said.
“I doubt he has ever been so pampered in his life,” Dag said, smiling.
“I am happy for him,” Esme said. “He seems a good sort.”
“Quick to accept blame for his actions,” Dag noted.
“Yes, I am glad you are coming to know some of Henge’s soldiers,” Esme said.
Shalin hurried to send a thought into her sister’s mind. Do not overdo it. Dag is very perceptive and he will resent your interference.
Esme frowned, but changed the subject. “I suppose this is goodbye for now. Father hopes to reach the chain of islands by this evening, but it seems a slim chance that we will find our pirates there.”
Shalin smiled. “You will at least meet a people unspoiled by civilization. They live simply and peacefully on what the island provides.”
“I look forward to meeting such a people,” Soldad said. “It seems civilization has only served to make us uncivilized in comparison.”
Dag nodded his agreement. “Will we go ashore, do you think? Or only glide by looking for a ship with red sails?”
“I will try to persuade Father to go ashore,” Esme said. “There is some hope that you, Soldad, with your many languages, may be able to question them about any strange ships seen in their vicinity.”
“I will try,” Soldad said, “but they may have their own unique language if they have been long separated from the greater world.”

King Blackwell and Serafina joined the small group on the beach. “Are we ready to sail?” Blackwell asked. “Is Sergeant Snipes secured?”
“We are leaving him here to heal in Bisa’s care,” Esme said. “He will return to Henge with the next rotation of soldiers whenever that turns out to be.”
“Good,” Blackwell said. “A better plan than trying to care for him aboard ship.” Blackwell turned to Soldad. “We will be sailing due south along the African coast until Captain Hardy recognizes the landmarks on the coast that will signal a turn to the west. If we do not reach the island chain by dusk, we will put out lanterns so that you can follow us.”
Soldad saluted sharply. “I will inform my crew. Fair winds to you, Your Majesty.”
“And to you,” Blackwell said, moving toward one of the shore boats. “Come along ladies,” he said to Serafina and Esme. “I will handle the oars.”
“And I will captain our own small craft,” Soldad said to Dag and Shalin as they climbed into their own shore boat. “I have enjoyed my stay on Bat Island immensely. A small hidden world thriving in obscurity.”
Shalin smiled. “Not so obscure now that you have opened it up to trade with the greater world.”
Soldad looked thoughtful as he considered her words. “Perhaps I have done them no favor.”
Dag laughed and nodded. “Such outcomes are never really ours to know.”
The two ships, the Prince Avor and the Sea Dancer sailed along in tandem all that day. As dusk began to gather on the western horizon, calls of ‘Land Ho’ were heard from the crows’ nests of both ships.

Chapter 26

Unnamed Island

Once the Sea Dancer was resting at anchor, Shalin and Soldad watched from the deck to see if any shore boat was leaving from the Prince Avor. Soldad stood ready to lower his own shore boat if that happened.
“I doubt they will go ashore this late,” Shalin said. “The villagers would all be asleep.”
“I can wait a bit longer to be sure,” Soldad said. “But it has been a long day. Go ahead to your bunk if you want, I will wake you if anything happens.”
Shalin yawned. “I am not tired,” she lied.
Soldad smiled. “Of course not. It is only I who long to close my eyes.”
Laughing, Shalin gave in. “Promise you will fetch me if you see someone going ashore.”
Soldad held up his right hand in pledge. “I promise.”

When Shalin left, Dag came to stand beside Soldad. “I can take first watch if you like. I slept this afternoon while we sailed.”
“I accept your offer,” Soldad said. “Wake one of the soldiers after four hours. I think all aboard the Prince Avor are down for the night.”

Early the next morning both ships turned into hives of activity. Shalin could see Esme waving at her from the Prince Avor and pointing to a shore boat. She went to find Soldad.
On finding Captain Soldad giving orders to his first mate, Shalin said, “I need to go ashore first. I am the only one the natives might remember and if they see Esme first, they will mistake her for me. I have my flute to play for them.”
“I will row you ashore myself,” Soldad said. “Perhaps I will be able to decipher a bit of their speech.”
The two rowed ashore quickly and saw another shoreboat coming from the Prince Avor.
Shalin and Soldad waited on the beach for Esme, Serafina and King Blackwell to join them.
“I remember how to get to the village,” Shalin said, as soon as their small craft landed. “There is a path just beyond this marsh.”
“Might they attack us if we surprise them?” her father asked.
“I cannot imagine them doing so,” Shalin said. “As far as I know, they have no weapons.”
“Lead the way then,” her father said.
Shalin began to play her flute as they walked along the trail. In spite of her own words, she thought it best not to take the villagers completely by surprise.
They were met a short way from the village by those who had heard her flute. The villagers were smiling as they approached and the children were already dancing to the rhythm of the lively jig.
Soldad spoke to them in the Tara tongue, just to test a few words they might recognize.
One of the village men replied in a different language, but Soldad nodded, understanding some of the words.
Soldad recognized a word for a house that moved over water that the man understood. Searching amongst the foliage, Soldad found a red flower and pointed to it as he attempted to inquire whether they had seen a house that moved over water recently, which might have been the color of the flower.
The man who spoke to him pointed instead to the rust-colored bark of a vine.
Soldad translated what he had learned so far to King Blackwell. “I believe he said a ship with rust colored sails came near the island. When the villagers waved, the ship turned away. He asks if that was our ship.”
“Tell him that was not us, but we need to find that ship. Ask him which direction the ship went.”
Soldad spoke to the man for some time, finally gleaning the small bit of information he sought. “The ship sailed southwest, I think,” Soldad said. “He has asked us to stay for breakfast.”
Serafina nodded. “We may find out more if we stay,” she said.
Shalin played while the children danced. Soldad danced with them, tossing them into the air and catching them, tolerant they all clamored for more turns.
When a breakfast of fish and fruit was ready, Soldad begged off his antics gratefully and relaxed next to the campfire with his green leaf full of food.
The man he had drilled for information sat down beside him. After a long dialogue, Soldad said, “I think he wants to know where the others are who came before with odd clothing?”
Shalin laughed. “We shared our costumes with them. They especially liked the fairy wings. Can you tell them that the tall skinny man sends his regards?”
“That would be Ambassador Phinn?” Soldad asked.
“Yes,” Shalin said.
“He wants to know why there are two of you.”
Shalin looked at Esme, wearing slightly different clothes, but otherwise a perfect match. “I do not think that will be so easy to explain if they have never been blessed with identical twins here in the village.”
Soldad spoke to the man again but the man still seemed puzzled. Then he said something that made Soldad laugh.
“He says since there are two of you just alike, might they keep the one who plays the flute?”
Shalin smiled, but only briefly. “Perhaps it is time we take our leave.”

They thanked the villagers for their hospitality and told them they would bring some gifts ashore before they sailed away, but they could not stay longer as they needed to catch up with the red-sailed ship.
The village children and a few adults followed them to the beach.
Once back on board the Sea Dancer, Shalin collected some flat bread, blankets and clothing to send ashore.
As soon as all were back on board, the two ships set sail.

Aboard the Prince Avor, King Blackwell spoke to Esme and Serafina. “It seems to me the pirates thought to come ashore here, but were surprised to find the island populated and left as soon as they realized it. I have ordered Captain Hardy to circle the remaining islands to look for any ship. If they have made one of these islands their base, we will find them.”

The two ships began a slow canvass of the remaining four islands.
As they circumnavigated the fourth island in the chain, Shalin stood at the rail of the Sea Dancer wishing she could explore each one of the islands for any signs of past inhabitants.
Dag stood close by, looking for signs of life. “I would love to set foot on one of these islands,” he said.
“As would I,” Shalin agreed. “Back when I was a stowaway, Phinn and Lars went ashore on the first one we passed and found only thin deposits of guano. I went quite far into the interior of the one we stopped at this morning and found the remains of an ancient ziggurat, but that was as far as I got.”
“What is a ziggurat?” Dag asked.
“A large flat-topped temple,” Shalin answered. “We saw an ancient one on the banks of the Euphrates River. It was likely a place of worship and a place to study the stars at night.”
“Is that smoke?” Dag said, looking out at the fourth island in the chain.
“I think it is,” Shalin said, “but it must be a very small fire. It is only a whiff.”

Chapter 27

Fourth Island in an Unnamed Chain

Shalin and Dag were both alert as the Sea Dancer continued on its circumnavigation of the fourth island in the volcanic chain. They had seen smoke and now it was gone.
Soldad joined them at the ship’s bow as they completed their circle around the island. “One island left to check,” he said.
“We saw smoke earlier,” Shalin said.
“Are you certain?” Soldad asked.
“Yes,” Dag said, his certainty reflected in his tone. “There must be a ship. Somehow we missed it.”
“I don’t see how,” Soldad said. “We had thirty pairs of eyes searching. “Perhaps the smoke was a low mist or fog? No one else mentioned seeing it.”
“We both saw it and it was definitely smoke,” Shalin affirmed. “We only saw it briefly and from the other side of the island. But it was coming from this side.”
“Shall we signal the Prince Avor for a parley?” Soldad asked. “Otherwise, I expect your father will continue on to circle the last island in the chain.”
“Yes,” Dag said, “and let me go ashore to do some tracking while you parley.”
“You had best wait for Father’s permission to go ashore,” Shalin warned. “He will not leave you here and he will be angry if you cause a delay.”
“Of course, you are correct,” Dag agreed.
Shalin could see it took every ounce of his patience to delay. He was like a wolf on the hunt in his desire to track down the source of the smoke.
Soldad ordered his crew to sail close to the Prince Avor while he held up the parley flag.
The sails were lowered along with the shore boat, and Shalin, Dag and Soldad climbed down the rope ladder to row the short distance to the Prince Avor.
King Blackwell was waiting on deck as the three climbed up to meet him. “Did you see something?” he asked.
Shalin nodded. “Dag and I saw smoke briefly from the other side of the island. Then it disappeared. They may have a lookout posted.”
“We saw no ship,” Blackwell said.
“They must have hidden it somehow,” Dag declared. “There are a lot of large rocks offshore on this side of the island.”
“But none large enough to hide a ship, let alone the two ships if they still have the brothers’ ship as well,” Blackwell said.
Serafina and Esme joined the group at the rails.
“Did you see something?” Esme asked excitedly.
“We saw smoke from the other side of the island, but it was coming from this side,” Shalin said.
“We must go ashore and track down the source,” Esme said.
“I could go ashore alone and find the source,” Dag said. “I would be able to go quickly. I know where I saw it coming from.”
King Blackwell looked at Soldad. “Did any of the others on board your ship see it?”
“No,” Soldad admitted. “But we were only looking for a ship.”
King Blackwell appeared to be considering his options. Shalin and Esme were quick to read his mind. It could be nothing. Still, Dag seems to know his business. If there is a lookout and we have been spotted, it would not do to have them see us send a boat ashore.
“Very well,” King Blackwell said. “We shall move on to the last island, as though we have seen nothing here worth investigating. Then, after dark, Soldad will return to this side of the island and Dag will row ashore alone in a shore boat.” He turned to speak directly to Dag. “You will hide the shore boat and wait until first light to investigate the source of the smoke. We will both return midday tomorrow to pick you up from the same place we dropped you off. You will not confront the pirates on your own if you find them. And you will launch a fire flower from where ever you are if you need assistance. Any questions?”
“No,” Dag said. “I have my orders.”
“Yes,” Blackwell said. “Report immediately to Captain Hardy who will outfit you with a first aid kit and a fire flower.” He turned to Shalin and Soldad. “Care to join us for lunch while you are aboard the Prince Avor?”
“Certainly,” Soldad said.
Shalin and Soldad followed the Blackwells to the ship’s galley.
Esme pulled her sister aside before they entered the seating area. “Are you sure you saw smoke?” she whispered.
“Yes,” Shalin said, “but it was brief.”
Esme nodded. “Can you think of any reason I might give to allow myself to go ashore with Dag?”
“No,” Shalin said truthfully, “though I can think of many reasons why you should not be allowed to accompany him.”
Esme sighed. “You are no help at all.”
“Nor would you be, if you were allowed to go,” Shalin said.
Esme glared at her sister. “You know that is not true. I could immobilize the lot of them.”
“You could immobilize one of them while the others took both you and Dag prisoner. Then they would have four for ransom rather than the two we hope are still alive.”
Esme let out a deep breath. “Let us go have lunch and make guesses as to how the pirates have been able to hide two ships from view.”

On shore, three men watched from the top of the hill as the two foreign ships lay at anchor offshore. Others watched from the camouflage of trees and boulders, wondering if any would come ashore.
“We are vastly outnumbered should they come ashore,” their leader said.
“Do you think we should kill the hostages? Bury them to leave no trace?”
The leader looked at the man with disdain. “We were not paid to kill people. And we still have the ship we took from them. Our only chance to survive is to give them up and the ship as well. We may have to tell the truth about the job we were hired to do.”
We could all hide,” the third would-be pirate said, “if they do come onshore, it might only be for water.”
“With all those men on board?” the leader said in a sarcastic tone. “Those are big fighting men. And they look to be northern men, although the ships have the lines of Great Sea builders.”
“Look, the three that came to parley are returning to their ship,” the leader said.
The men watched carefully as the three boarded their original ship and went about pulling up anchor and setting sails.
“See there,” one of the fake pirates said, “they are moving on. If they did see that bit of smoke let loose before we spotted them, they have discounted it.”
“We were lucky this time,” another said. “But we need to be more careful until our contact comes to pay us for our work.”
Their leader huffed a reply. “The real luck was finding that cave to hide our ships. Without that bit of luck, we’d all likely soon be dead.”

Chapter 28

Fourth Island in a Chain

The Sea Dancer followed the Prince Avor on to the fifth island in the volcanic chain on orders from King Blackwell.
As they viewed the remnants of old lava flows on the fourth island, Shalin told Dag what she knew of lava tunnels. “You saw the strange rounded caves on Bat Island where our guano is mined. They also appear on the single populated island in this chain. They are hollowed out by streams of molten lava flowing from surface cracks to the sea. Some are quite large such as the one that caused Sergeant Snipes’ fall.”
Dag nodded. “Large enough to hide a ship or two if formed at the water’s edge.”
“Possibly,” Shalin said.
They heard Soldad’s order to ‘come about’ as the sun sank down below the horizon.
“There is a half moon,” Shalin said as stars began to fill the night sky.
“I will check along the steep side of the island in the shore boat before I hide in the marsh grasses,” Dag said.
“You must take care. The pirates could be sleeping on the hidden ships. And they likely post lookouts since they were quick to extinguish their fire when we appeared.”
“All basic scouting training,” Dag said, smiling.
“Esme wanted desperately to accompany you,” Shalin said.
“I do not need to be a mind-reader to know that,” Dag said, searching the horizon for the dark shape of the fourth Island, as the Sea Dancer retraced its route back to the island they had left earlier in the day.
Dag left to speak to Soldad and Shalin said a silent prayer to Yeshua. It could not hurt if such a God did not exist, and might help to protect Dag if He did exist. She smiled when she realized she just assumed such a God would be able to read minds.

Soldad gave quiet orders to his crew, aware of how well sound travels over still waters. The Sea Dancer followed a slow arc a good distance from the island. “It will be a long row from here, but I do not want to chance being seen,” Soldad told Dag.
“I have experience rowing on Cold Lake,” Dag said. “This will not be a problem.”
“Do you want to borrow a sword?” Soldad asked.
“No, I have my knife,” Dag said, patting his belt where a leather sheath hung down.
“Very well, we will stay out of sight and return to retrieve you mid-morning tomorrow. Good luck.”
Dag saluted and climbed down the rope ladder to where his shore boat waited.
He began to row quickly, his oars dipping almost silently into the calm water.
Soldad and Shalin watched Dag’s small silhouette glide over the dark water until he blended into the darkness of the night. “Set a course to the southwest,” Soldad said quietly to his first mate. “Look to the stars.”

Dag headed for the dark mass that must be the steep side of the island. He rowed along very close to shore. If there was a cave, he did not want to miss it in the dark.
Even knowing what he sought, he almost did fail to notice it. Luckily the moon light shone down just enough to illuminate a narrow opening in the sheer cliff he was passing. He back-paddled to nose his shoreboat into the entrance.
Once past the entrance, the cave gave no light at all, but he sensed at once that he was in the right place. The smell of bat guano was overwhelming in such a close area.
Dag felt sure no one would be sleeping aboard ship in such a stench, but decided he needed to check. His shoreboat brushed the side of the ship before he could make out the shape of it. He put up his oars and pulled his small boat along the side of the ship until he felt the rope ladder hanging down.
He tied his small boat to the ladder and climbed aboard the ship quietly, listening for any sounds of life. All was silent.
Dag’s eyes were beginning to adjust to the darkness and he could make out the shape of a second ship behind the first. He realized this cave would be a gift to smugglers.
After making sure no one was aboard the first ship, he moved on to the second. This was the brothers’ ship. The smell of bat guano from the cargo hold made him nauseous. He had seen enough. He would follow orders and hide on the beach until early morning, or, with only a slight deviation from orders, he could hide his shore boat and do a little night reconnaissance.
After pulling his small craft ashore on the beach, he decided he needed to at least find a safe place to hide until morning, and finding that safe place might involve a bit of a search. He had not gone far before he smelled smoke and saw the glow of a campfire a short distance up the slope of the island.
Dag inched along silently through the low grasses of a swampy area to the edge of the clearing where the pirates seemed to be having a small celebration.
He heard the lyrics of a familiar song – “a sailor’s life is a stormy life,” words sung to the accompaniment of a flute. He inched around a seated lookout who was barely awake, holding a cup of ale in his lap as his head drooped forward.
The men around the campfire swung their cups of ale in time with the music as they sang along. A heavily bearded man wearing the knitted cap of a seafaring man, stood up.
“We had a close call today, Mates, so we’ll be posting sentries tonight. “Glas, you check on our prisoners. Make sure they are tied up snug and give ‘em some grub. Shouldn’t be more than a day or two ‘afore the boss comes with our money and we can get back to being seafarin’ men again.”
Dag suspected these men were Sandovians. They dressed much the same as the two spies who had stayed for a time at Cold Lake, trying to find the location of the mine they imagined would be the source of Henge’s exploding white powder.
As soon as Glas left with food for the prisoners, Dag followed him.
Glas followed a trail through a palm grove to a small cave. When he lit a torch and walked inside, Dag waited outside the entrance behind some thick bushes, listening.
“I brought you some ale and stew, as we had a bit of a celebration tonight. Shouldn’t be much longer now. Here, I’ll hold the bowl and you can just drink down the stew.”
“What do you plan to do with us?” one of the prisoners asked.
“Not my decision,” the man said affably. “It’s up to him what hired us.”
“Where is our ship?” the same prisoner asked.
“In a safe place is all you need to know. Now wash that down with a bit of ale and you can tell our boss we treated you good when he comes to pay us.”
Glas completed his chore and carried the torch with him as he made his way back to join his crew.
Dag slipped into the dark cave as soon as Glas was too far away to hear.
“Stay quiet,” he said, “I am here with King Blackwell. We have come to save you.”
“I am Cosmo, who are you?” 
“I am Dag, a scout from Helsop’s militia. We are allies of Henge. “I will untie you and we can hide close to my shore boat until our ship returns tomorrow morning. Then I can row you out to go aboard our ship the Sea Dancer before Henge’s soldiers come ashore.”
“I’m not leaving without our ship,” Cosmos said.
“We will return your ship to you,” Dag promised. “We have fifty fighting men aboard our ships. This small group of kidnappers will be no match for Henge’s infantry.”
“I know of Henge’s weapons and their power,” Cosmos argued. “Fighting starts and ships burn down to the water line.  Alekos and I will not be leaving this island without our ship leaving with us.”
Dag had not expected this hitch in his rescue plan. “Perhaps I should just leave you here in the safety of your cave,” he threatened.

Chapter 29

Fourth Island in a Chain

In a cave on the unnamed island, Dag, Cosmos and Alekos listened to one another’s voices, but could barely make out one another’s silhouettes. Alekos spoke up in a conciliatory voice. “We do not want to be off to a poor start. Let me introduce myself. I am Alekos, and here beside me is my brother Cosmos. We certainly appreciate your coming to rescue us. Right Cosmos?”
“Right,” Cosmos said. “But we cannot leave without our ship,” he added in a petulant tone.
“Is there any chance we could just go out on your shore boat, board our ship wherever these bandits have anchored it and sail away?” Alekos asked. 
Dag’s thoughts clanged together in his head. Of course they could, but he had already disobeyed instructions by not waiting until morning to free these two men. His ship, the Sea Dancer, would not return to pick them up until mid-morning tomorrow. If they left now on the brothers’ ship, the pirates would surely go after them in their own ship as soon as morning came and then they might all three become hostages, or worse, be dropped overboard while the pirates made their escape.
“How many men does it take to sail a ship?” Dag asked.
“The two of us, is all our ship needs,” Cosmos’ deep voice rose from the dark.
“Could you manage with one?” Dag asked. “It’s no good our escaping if the pirates are free to come after us in their ship.”
“You mean to steal the bandits’ ship?” Cosmos asked.
“You object to that as well?” Dag asked, astonished.
“Aye, if it means leaving them all here to die,” Cosmos said.
“Why would you care? They kidnapped you and took your ship.” Dag began to wonder if these men were mentally unbalanced.
“They are not pirates. They were hired to find out what cargo we carry. At least that is what I have managed to put together from bits of conversation,” Cosmos said.
“I overheard myself that someone is planning to come here to pay them,” Dag said. “So they will not be left to die.”
“That is true,” Alekos said. “If you helped me set sail, you and this brave man could manage to follow in the bandits’ ship.”
“Very well then,” Cosmos said. “Could you untie us? We would greatly appreciate it if you would.”
Dag found himself reluctant. These men seemed not to know whose side they were on.
“Do you know these men who kidnapped you?” Dag asked.
“I may have come across a couple of them a time or two in my travels, I’m not sure,” Cosmos said, “but they be seamen like myself. That I’m sure of.”
“They have played dice with us while we’ve been kept prisoners and paid up with cups of ale when they lost to Cosmos,” Alekos said. “But I’ve no doubt they would throw us overboard if that was their orders. You surely know that as well, Cosmos.”
Cosmos let out a deep breath. “Yes, I suppose you are right. Taking another man’s ship – that shows they’re not proper seafaring folk.”
Dag had another thought. “Could we perhaps tie one ship behind the other and leave all together on the first ship?” He was unsure of his ability to handle a ship with one other man even though he had sailed often enough on Helsop’s fishing boats with only two others on board.
“Aye,” Cosmos said slowly, that could work, but it’ll take some strength to set the two ships moving.” 
“Let’s get you untied and out of here then,” Dag said.

A few minutes later, the three men emerged quietly from the cave and found they could see quite well in the moonlight, after the pitch-dark of the cave.
“Can you step quietly?” Dag whispered. “And stop dead in your tracks if you see me put up my hand?”
“Aye,” each man whispered back.
Dag led them back down the rise to where he had hidden the shore boat, watching carefully for any sentries the pirates may have posted.
They reached the shore boat and lifted it together to carry it to the water’s edge.
Still whispering, Dag took the oars. “Your ship is hidden in a cave. It is very dark inside but there is no guard posted. I have a candle and flint with me.”
“How is it you have ships of fifty soldiers and they sent just you to rescue us?” Cosmos asked.
“I am a scout. I was sent to see if there was anyone on the island – not to rescue you.”
“In that case, I thank you for not following orders,” Cosmos said, grinning.
A most unusual man, Dag thought to himself. “You are welcome.”
Dag rowed the small boat through the narrow opening to the cave.
“Leaping lightning!” Cosmos exclaimed, gagging. “What a stink!”
“A bit close in here with the hold full of guano,” Dag said. “The ships are already in line, one behind the other. Unfortunately, your ship is the one behind. Are you able to manage the pirates’ ship? I am not an experienced seaman myself,” Dag admitted.
“Have I not been at sea all my life?” Cosmos asked. “If she has sails, I can sail her.”
“We will have to push hard against the walls of the cave to start them both moving,” Alekos said in a measured tone. “You look to have some strength in your arms.”
“The water may not be deep here,” Dag said. “I will get down and push if need be. I want to be far from shore by the time the pirates wake up.”
“They’re not bein’ pirates unless I’ve lost my knack for knowin’ a fellow seafarin’ man when I meet one,” Cosmos insisted. 
“Do you know who hired them?” Dag asked. “King Blackwell will want to know.”
Dag lit a candle and the small light illuminated the cave’s interior.
“I’ll finally get to meet King Blackwell after working for him all these years?” Cosmos asked.
“Are Serafina and the twins along?” Alekos asked.
“Yes, all are here,” Dag said. “But you did not answer my question. Do you know who hired your kidnapping?”
“We do not know for sure, but we heard mention of Manoa,” Alekos admitted. “But it could not be King Gallos. We are from Manoa, Cosmos and I, and he would never do such a thing.”
“I see,” Dag said, though all he really saw was a tangled web of intrigue that King Blackwell would have to untangle to get to the truth.

As soon as they were on board the bandits’ ship, Dag gave over leadership to the two brothers who obviously knew their craft. He left the tying together of the two ships to them, and they accomplished the task with a series of intricate knots and nets.
When it came time to move from the cave into the dark night outside, Alekos held one oar, Dag took the other. They stood at the ready with their feet pressed against blocks and their oars pushed into crevices in the walls of the cave, ready to push with all their strength. Cosmos, who had set up a system of ropes and pulleys between the ship’s mast and a palm tree near the cave’s entrance, donned leather gloves and shouted. “On my mark. He set his feet against the ship’s bow, took hold of the rope and shouted “now!”
They all pushed and pulled hard and the lead ship inched forward. “Keep the momentum,” Cosmos called out.

Silently, they emerged into starlight and rushed to heave up the sails and head away from the island. Before the first rays of light lifted up in the east, they were far away. Too far for the pirates to reach them, even on any small shore boats they may have hidden on the island, but not too far to be hidden from the Sea Dancer when it returned midmorning.
They could just make out tiny figures running along the beach of the island, likely shouting oaths of fear and frustration.

Chapter 30

Aboard the Prince Avor

Dag, Alekos and Cosmos set their anchors, glad to be out of the cave and blessed by a breeze that carried away the stench of the guano.
“We’ve aught to do now but wait for the Sea Dancer to retrieve us,” Dag said.
“I can see what’s left in the galley to eat if anyone is hungry,” Alekos offered.
“That sounds a right idea,” Cosmos said. Turning to Dag, he asked, “Did you stop at Bat Island on your way to find us?”
“We did,” Dag said, nodding.
“Good, I was worried they might run short of supplies while we were gone,” Cosmos said.
Dag thought it strange that the brothers did not seem more worried over their own well-being.
“A man named Okoro said his father saw your ship boarded by pirates while he was out fishing,” Dag said.
Cosmos’ face lit up. “Did he? A good fishermen, that one. Okoro’s a mate. He’ll be glad to know we’re rescued.”
Strange, thought Dag. He seems eager to speak on any subject except the attack on his ship.
They were eating biscuits and dried fruit when the Sea Dancer appeared, closely followed by the Prince Avor.
The two ships approached cautiously, with soldiers armed and ready to storm aboard the pirate ship which was named Phantom of the Seas.
Dag stood at the railing, waving and smiling to stave off any armed attack. He had no shore boat on board, so was forced to wait for Soldad to come to him accompanied by two sword-wielding soldiers.
“Permission to come aboard,” Soldad said.
“Just send up your two soldiers,” Dag shouted down. “Alekos and I will come down and you can row us to the Prince Avor.”
The two soldiers sheathed their swords and clambered up the rope ladder. “Is this man a prisoner?” One of the soldiers asked, staring grimly at Cosmos.
Dag held up a hand. “No, he is Cosmos, one of the brothers we came to rescue. That is his ship, tied up behind us. He likes to stay near his ship.”
The soldier nodded, still on high alert. “No pirates aboard then?”
“No,” Dag assured him. “They are all still back on the island – stranded there with no ships, though they may have small shore boats.”
The soldiers seem to relax a bit. “King Blackwell will want to have a word,” one said.
“We will go there directly to give our own report,” Dag promised him.
As soon as Dag and Alekos were aboard the shore boat with Soldad, Dag said, “We had best go directly to the Prince Avor and give our report to King Blackwell.”
Soldad smiled. “Yes, I am sure he will be eager to hear how you have managed so well on your own.”
Dag was not eager to explain why he had not followed King Blackwell’s orders. “One thing led to another,” he said with a shrug.
As soon as the group boarded the Prince Avor, Dag faced a steely-eyed King Blackwell. “This is Alekos, one of the brothers taken by the pirates,” Dag said, introducing the two men who had not yet met, even though Alekos had been in the king’s employ for years.
“A pleasure to finally meet you,” Alekos said, holding out his hand.
King Blackwell shook hands, saying, “We are pleased to find you alive.”
“Your young scout rescued us,” Alekos said, smiling.
King Blackwell favored Dag with a wry glance and said, “I will hear your report in the captain’s cabin.”
As they passed by Esme on the way down to the captain’s cabin, Esme arched a questioning eyebrow and Dag returned an almost imperceptible shrug.
After the three were seated around the captain’s desk, King Blackwell ordered, “Your report then.”
Dag sat up straight. “I went ashore as directed and in passing the high cliff, I noticed a narrow opening in the face. It led to a cave hollowed out by liquid lava and inside I saw both the brothers’ ship and one other which I assumed must be the pirates’ ship.
“I went on to the beach and pulled the shore boat into a marsh where I covered it with foliage to camouflage it and then looked for a place to hide myself – somewhere away from the shore boat.” Dag did not mention how far away.
“Then I heard voices and singing and realized it was the pirates having a bit of a celebration. I thought it important to hear their conversation if possible, without being seen, and I stayed well back until I heard one pirate, who seemed to be the leader, order one of the men to check on the prisoners.”
Dag paused and took note of the king’s stern face to judge how his account was faring so far. Hard to tell. “Since he left alone, I decided it prudent to follow him to see exactly where the prisoners had been sequestered. I followed him to a cave a short ways away where he entered and fed the prisoners. I could hear a few words when I moved closer to hide near the cave’s entrance.”
Dag decided not to go into the words he heard, but to take up the story on his own actions.
“After the pirate left, I decided to check on the prisoners myself in case they were in distress from poor treatment.”
Alekos smiled and patted Dag on the shoulder. “That he did,” he told the king, “and we were right glad to see him.”
King Blackwell nodded. “I am sure you were.”
Dag relaxed a bit. “We decided the safest course of action would be to depart at once with both ships, leaving the pirates stranded on the island.” He glossed over all the intervening steps and arguments, not wanting to muddy the waters with questionable decisions.
“I see,” King Blackwell said. “It seems a few details may have been omitted there at the end, but we have a beneficial outcome. Now the only decision seems to be, do we go ashore and kill the pirates or leave them to starve on the island.”
Alekos’ face blanched. “They treated us well while we were prisoners.”
“What would you have me to do?” King Blackwell asked.
“Of the two choices, I suppose, leave them to starve?”
“Perhaps I might have a word alone with you?” Dag asked King Blackwell.
Blackwell looked at Alekos. “Why do you not go on deck to visit with my wife and daughter for a time,” he said. “They are both quite fond of you and have been very worried for your welfare.”
“Yes, all right,” Alekos said, standing.
As soon as Alekos left, King Blackwell said, “Why is Alekos defending his captors? Has this all been part of a scheme to extort a ransom? Were the two brothers in collusion?”
Dag shook his head. “I do not believe so. I found them tied up and eager to be free, but they revealed to me that they had overheard the pirates mention the word Manoa. The brothers come from Manoa and I think they fear their king may be tied into this somehow. They claim the men who took them and their ship were not real pirates. They were in the employee of someone and that person is supposed to show up and pay them for their work in the next day or two.”
King Blackwell leaned forward. “Yes, this all fits with what I suspected from the start. King Gundar of Sandovia is involved somehow in all this.” He rapped his fist on the desk in front of him. “We shall get to the bottom of this scheme.”
Dag stayed silent. He still was not sure if he was in trouble for not following the king’s orders to the letter.
King Blackwell stood and held out his hand to Dag. “Good work,” he said, as the two shook hands. “I shall tell Dagon your reputation as a good scout is well-founded. And now I need to speak to my generals.”
Dag saluted as he stepped aside in the small cabin to allow King Blackwell to exit first.

Chapter 31

Village of Helsop

Electra and Isa were going over their plans for the day’s lessons at the school of medicine when they heard a rider stop short outside the school. They both watched the door, wondering who it could be.
As a soldier entered Coco screeched his welcoming phrase, “Look who’s here!”
The soldier looked around to see who had spoken and smiled when he realized it was a parrot.
“I have a message for Princess Electra from off a ship that came into King’s Lake,” the young man said.
“I am Electra.” She stood, walked around the table, and took the scroll from the soldier. “You may go to the mess tent and have some breakfast while I decide if there is to be a reply of some sort.”
The young soldier saluted and nodded gratefully.
Electra returned to her seat and broke the wax seal on the scroll. “It is from my brother Avor,” she told Isa before reading the message silently.

To my dearest sister Electra,
We are leaving soon for Lands End where we hope to meet your family and Mother to renew our family ties. What last year seemed a pleasant reunion to bring our families together and allow our children to become better acquainted, has now become a necessity. Imperative, even. I will explain further when we meet at Lands End.
It is now the dawning of the vernal equinox and it should take us about a fortnight to sail to Lands End aboard the Queen Cogatin.
Please do not allow any distraction to prevent your coming to Lands End. I cannot overstate the importance of this reunion.
Sincerely, your repentant brother Regent Avor

“Here we have a most intriguing mystery,” Electra said, sliding the message over for Isa to read.
As Isa read, Electra said, “We had planned to go in any case, but now I begin to question my commitment. I hope he does not plan to throw himself on Father’s mercy in hopes of gaining his support in defending Hormu which is part of the Great Khan’s empire.”
“He would know better,” Isa assured her friend.
“I cannot imagine anything else that would engender such a passionate appeal,” Electra said.
“Perhaps a sickness in his family?”
Electra’s expression changed. “That would certainly explain it. I did not think of that.”
“No use worrying before you know,” Isa said. “Will you still go?”
“Yes, of course,” Electra said. “Mother and I already have our plan in place. We will pretend to go to Lands End in order to interview an engraving artist of some note to use for King Geoffrey’s profile on the coins he plans to craft there in Fernland.”
Isa read the note again. “If his voyage takes a fortnight, he should arrive at Lands End in three or four days’ time.”
Electra closed her hand over Isa’s hand. “Will you take over my classes until I return? I ask you so often I think we should amend the name here to Isa’s school of medicine.”
Isa laughed. “Of course I will. But let us keep the name as it stands. It must remain Electra’s school of medicine.”
“I must go tell Dagon,” Electra said. “We should leave as soon as possible. The fastest way to reach Fernland is to go first to Henge and take a ship from there.”
“If you should find my son Dag returned to Henge, tell him we long for his return,” Isa said.
“I will do that,” Electra promised. “I miss Esme as well and hope they have both returned safely.”

Dagon was not at militia headquarters but she found him at the mess tent, having breakfast and talking to the messenger from Fernland. She joined them at their table and snatched a biscuit from her husband’s plate.
“I do have a message for Queen Delphinia, but we will likely arrive in Fernland before you do,” she told the messenger as she passed the scroll to Dagon to read.
Dagon unrolled the message and grunted when his eyes fell to the end to see who had sent it. He took his time reading the message several times before lifting his gaze to his wife.
“I do not like the sound of this,” he said.
“Nor do I,” Electra replied, “and I hesitate to say, a sickness in his family might be the least dangerous explanation.”
“Yes, that could explain it, I suppose, but why not report the symptoms of the sickness so that you would know the proper medications to bring along?” Dagon asked.
Electra shrugged. “According to his reckoning, he should arrive at Lands End three or four days from now.”
The messenger from Fernland spoke up. “I could ride fast, without stopping if your message is urgent,” he offered. “I could leave at once.”
Dagon smiled at the young man’s enthusiasm. “I do not think that will be necessary,” he said. “Should you arrive before we do, you need only tell Queen Delphinia that we are on our way to visit via ship from Henge.” He glanced at Electra, “Am I correct in assuming we will be traveling by ship?”
“Yes,” she said. “We could leave today for Henge. We will not need to pack too much. This will be a short visit.”
“Let us hope so,” Dagon said. “I will find the boys.” He took the remaining biscuit on his plate with him as he left the tent.
“Finish your breakfast,” Electra told the young soldier. “I must go and pack.”

Dagon found Gregor and Soren at Yeshua’s Bower, feeding the animals in Esme’s animal hospital. Soren, at age 11, had taken an interest in animal medicine and Dagon wondered if his son might decide to follow in his mother’s footsteps to take on the mantle of a physician. Gregor, the elder son at age 13, seemed bent on a career as a scout like his cousin Dag.
“Boys,” Dagon said, “do you remember your Uncle Avor and his family in Hormu?”
“Yes,” Gregor said. “And I remember his sons, Altan and Octai.”
Dagon smiled. “They are coming as far as Lands End for a visit. Would you like to meet them there for a reunion?”
“Why do they not come all the way here to Helsop to visit?” Gregor asked.
“Their time is limited,” Dagon said. “And their stay in Lands End is secret. We must not tell King Geoffrey we are going there to see them.”
“Because King Geoffrey has disowned his son?” Gregor asked.
“Yes, because of that,” Dagon said. “He would not allow Queen Delphinia to go if he knew why she was going.”
“Then she should not go,” Gregor said.
“Perhaps not,” Dagon said. “But if it was your own mother would you not want to see her?”
Gregor was silent for a moment. “I would, but to disobey a king is wrong.”
“Yes, it is. We have chosen to help your grandmother out of love for her, but in doing so, we are risking your grandfather’s displeasure.”
“Would he put us in his dungeon?” Soren asked.
“I do not think so, but let us hope he does not find out,” Dagon said. “Do you think you can keep this secret?”
Both boys nodded, but Gregor looked worried.
“Let us pack up then,” Dagon said. “We will leave today.”
“What of Skadi?” Gregor asked. “Dag is not here to care for her.”
“We shall ask Isa and her students to look after Skadi,” Dagon said. “We will not be gone long.” He hoped he was speaking the truth.

Chapter 32

Kingdom of Henge

After a long trek over the mountain from Helsop, Electra, Dagon and their sons arrived in Henge to be welcomed by Acting King Phinn, who seemed overjoyed to see them. He opened the gate to the castle and waved them into the courtyard.
“This is all too much,” Phinn said, moving his right arm in an arc wide enough to include the whole city of Henge. “I have people saluting me and bowing before me all day long, asking my opinion on things I do not care about one way or the other. I search the harbor every morning hoping to see the Prince Avor or the Sea Dancer come into port.”
“Why would you hope to find the Sea Dancer here?” Dagon asked.
“You do not know?” Phinn said. “My brother convinced Soldad the Trader to go along to Africa carrying additional soldiers from Henge in his ship.”
Dagon shook his head. “Speaking of ships, are any leaving soon for Fernland? We have had an urgent letter from Prince Avor, asking that we bring his mother and ourselves to a secret meeting in Lands End.”
King Phinn put his hands over his ears. “I do not want to hear any more secrets or intrigues. I cannot even keep straight those I already know about.”
Electra smiled. “I have often had that same feeling where my mother is concerned. Or should I say mothers, since Serafina still claims me as her daughter as well.”
Phinn shook his head, then looked suddenly alert. “Actually, I believe the Jungle Queen is all loaded and about to disembark. If you need to leave quickly, you might just make it aboard.”
The whole group left Henge’s castle courtyard quickly, gathering up the luggage they had left by the door.
As they rushed down the road to the harbor, Dagon spoke to Phinn in a voice that he hoped did not carry to his sons, who were running ahead. “I do not wish to alarm you, but I feel I must caution you. If this attack on an African partner is really an attack masterminded by Sandovia as King Blackwell may suspect, and things escalate in Africa, you should be prepared for an all-out attack on Henge by Sandovia.”
Phinn’s face turned pale. “What should I do?”
“Speak to your generals. Tell them your suspicions. They will know how to prepare.”
“Why did King Blackwell not warn me of this?” Phinn asked.
“Perhaps he thought the possibility remote and did not want to scare you,” Dagon said.
Phinn shook his head. “More likely he knew I would never agree to this acting kingship had he told me,” he groaned.
“He knew you were the best man for the job,” Dagon said, trying to bolster Phinn’s resolve.
Phinn said nothing in reply.
They reached the Jungle Queen just as its crew was ready to pull up the gangplank. Racing aboard, they threw air kisses and waves back to Phinn who stood forlornly on the dock, waving back.

By dusk the Jungle Queen was at the entrance to the estuary to King’s Lake in Fernland.
“Do you have your story straight?” Dagon asked Electra. “Actually, you likely have time to perfect it. We may have to spend tonight either aboard ship or at your old cottage. The drawbridge to the castle will already be up by the time we anchor and your parents do not know we are coming.”
“Yes, we could stay either place if need be,” Electra said. “And I believe Mother and I are agreed on what we will tell Father. We have the beginnings of a plan. I will tell my parents that I have heard of an engraver in Lands End who might be a good choice for putting King Geoffrey’s profile on the new coins coming out of Fernland’s mint. Mother will feign enthusiasm and pretend to want to interview the artist.”
“That sounds reasonable,” Dagon said. “But King Geoffrey will object to all of us going. He will ask the boys at least, to stay in Fernland.”
“Yes, he will, because we will ask to go on a day he is busy with royal duties that he will want Gregor to share in. I do not have an answer for that as yet.”
“Gregor is already uneasy about disobeying one of King Geoffrey’s orders and keeping secrets from him,” Dagon said.
Electra nodded. “Then perhaps I will use that discomfort to our advantage. I will tell my father privately that Gregor has seemed quiet and unsettled of late and I fear he is coming down with some virus. I will need to keep him close, just in case.”
Dagon stared at Electra in silence. “Sometimes I suspect that you truly are Serafina’s daughter. Your mind takes devious twists and turns so effortlessly.”
Electra smiled. “I did live with the woman the first sixteen years of my life.”
Dagon hugged his wife. “Thank goodness Avor rescued you when he did. I suppose we owe the man something for that good deed, whatever his dire situation turns out to be.”
When they had put down anchor and secured the sails at King’s Lake, only a sliver moon lit a star-filled sky. They decided to stay aboard ship and go to the castle the next morning, as the Captain said the ship would be there for a day, loading and unloading before going on to Lands End.

Early the next morning, Electra and her family borrowed horses from the small stable next to the Taz shipbuilders’ remaining occupied houses and rode off to Fernland’s castle.
Electra’s parents were surprised to see them, although the messenger had returned the night before from Helsop to tell them that Electra was on her way.
“You must have come in on the Jungle Queen,” King Geoffrey said. “Why did you not come up to the castle last night?”
“It was late and we knew the drawbridge would be down. We slept aboard ship,” Electra said.
“I am just so glad you are here now,” Queen Delphinia said. “I hope you have come for a long visit.”
“Actually,” Electra said, “I thought you might want accompany me on to Lands End. The Jungle Queen is leaving for the port of Lands End tomorrow. I have heard of an engraver of some note who lives there. Perhaps you should go to interview him a possible engraver for the coins of your new mint.”
Delphinia clapped her hands together and looked at her husband. “That sounds a wonderful idea, do you not agree, Geoffrey?”
“I have court tomorrow,” he said, “but I suppose you could go.” He looked at Dagon and smiled. “As it happens we had a visit from young Soldad the Trader. He paid in advance for my whole load of weapons and he paid in gold dust and nuggets, so we are going ahead with our plans for a mint.”
“That is wonderful news,” Electra said. “Then we have no time to lose. We shall leave tomorrow for Lands End on the Jungle Queen.”
King Geoffrey looked at Gregor. “Will you stay to join me at court tomorrow?” he asked. “I have been missing your good counsel.”
Gregor looked hopefully at his parents.
“We will decide that later,” Electra said. “For now, we are all quite famished. “I hope you have breakfast enough to spare.”
Delphinia laughed. “Even for two hungry growing boys, we have sufficient. Let us adjourn to the dining room without further delay.”

Chapter 33

Kingdom of Fernland

The next morning Electra and her family boarded the Jungle Queen and were soon on their way to Lands End.
Electra and her mother lingered after breakfast to have a second cup of tea in the ship’s galley. Dagon, Gregor and Soren had wolfed down their breakfast and were now on a tour of the big transport ship.
“I can hardly believe how everything fell into place so smoothly,” Delphinia said. “First the payment by Soldad in gold dust and nuggets, then the idea of an engraver in Lands End to be interviewed.”
“I believe Father was a little disappointed when I told him I wanted to keep Gregor with me.”
“He is not really coming down with something, is he?” Delphinia asked. “He did seem more quiet than usual at breakfast.”
Electra shook her head. “He feels disloyal about lying to his grandfather.”
Queen Delphinia sighed. “My fault. I have made you all traitors to the Crown.”
Electra patted her mother’s hand. “I would do the same, were it my own sons banished from Helsop.”
“This could never have happened in Helsop,” Delphinia protested. “No one has the power to banish anyone there.”
“True,” Electra said. “But Dagon has some authority as headman.”
“It was good of Dagon to come along,” Delphinia said.
“He hopes to find a way to reconcile Avor and Father.”
“If only that were possible,” Delphinia said.
Electra hesitated for a moment wondering if she should show her mother Avor’s letter. She decided it would be best to give her some warning of what might lie ahead. She pulled the small scroll from her tunic.
“The reason we came so suddenly to Fernland with no prior notice is this,” she said, handing the scroll to her mother.
As Delphinia read the short message her hand began to tremble. She glanced up at Electra. “A necessity? Imperative? What can have happened? Do you suppose the Persians attacked again and that now Avor has no home? What would we do? Geoffrey would never accept them.”
“We would accept them in Helsop,” Electra said. She had entertained the same thoughts as her mother and spoken to Dagon about the possibility. “As you say, we do not banish family there.”
Delphinia loosened her death grip on the message scroll. “Perhaps, in time, were they living in Helsop, Geoffrey would come to accept them,” Delphinia said.
Electra could tell from her mother’s hopeful tone that she almost hoped this might be the critical situation Avor referred to in his message.

They reached the port of Lands End later that afternoon and tied up at the wharf. As the family gathered at the rail for departure, Electra said, “We will need to secure some transport into the village. It is about an hour away.”
“I am anxious to see the village where you grew up,” Delphinia said.
“You grew up here?” Gregor asked.
“Yes,” Electra said to her son. “I lived here with Aunt Serafina until I was sixteen years old.”
“Why?” Gregor asked.
Electra glanced at her mother, whose face had turned angry.
“Actually, my Aunt Serafina did a bad thing. She took me here because she was angry with my mother and father – your grandparents.”
“That was not right,” Gregor said. “Was that against the law?”
“Yes, it was,” Electra said. “I will tell you more some other time. Now, we must concentrate on finding a way into town.”
Dagon said, “Come with me Gregor. We will find someone who is returning to town and hire him and his wagon.”
Electra turned to her mother. “I do not know how much I should tell Gregor about Serafina. Now that we are allies with Henge, I do not want him to hate her.”
Delphinia shrugged. “My own duplicity will not allow me to sit in judgment, but I feel Serafina’s wickedness to be more weighty than my own. You will have to decide what to tell him and where to cast blame.”
Soren stood by listening to their conversation but not commenting. Electra could not tell if he was concerned about it or not.
“Let us gather up our luggage and disembark before they begin to load up all the cargo waiting to come aboard,” Electra said.
They walked along the long line of carts and wagons – produce brought down by villagers to be weighed and bargained for by traders aboard ship. Electra purchased plums for the five of them from a farmer who had a cart full.
Dagon strode toward them smiling. “I have hired a carriage for us.”
“A carriage?” Electra said, surprised. “I would have been grateful even for a cart.”
“This carriage has dropped off wealthy passengers bound for Manoa and was about to return to town, empty. It is ready to leave now.”
“Wonderful,” Queen Delphinia said. “I can hardly believe an hour from now I will have my granddaughter in my arms.”
“Follow me,” Dagon said, smiling.

They settled into the comfortable carriage and began immediately to speculate on what situation could have provoked the words “necessity” and “imperative” in Avor’s message to Electra.
“It could be anything,” Dagon said. “Famine, disease, invasion, a gathering siege. I am more interested in why he would not go on to spell it out in his message. I can only suppose that he feared we would not come at all if we knew the real reason.”
“A parting of ways with the Great Khan?” Electra threw out. “Would that have stopped us coming?”
“Perhaps,” Dagon said. “We have gone to great lengths in the past to remain neutral when it comes to the Great Khan.”
“But now we seek to secretly undermine him with our alliance of weapons manufacture and sales,” Delphinia added. “Do you suppose the Great Khan has found out and holds Avor partly responsible?”
“A possibility to be sure, but one I believe doubtful,” Dagon said. “The Great Khan is too concentrated on his efforts in China just now to be concerned with activity in the western world.”

They reached the village and Dagon asked to be let out at the only inn in town. Electra was sure Avor would be staying here as there was no other place to stay.
Dagon, Gregor and Soren stayed behind to pay the carriage driver and unload their luggage as Delphinia and Electra entered the inn.
They walked directly into Avor who had Delphi standing beside him.
After hugs and words of welcome, Delphinia knelt down to kiss Delphi and offered her emerald necklace as a toy for the child to examine.
Avor pulled Electra aside and whispered the words that no one in the carriage had put forth as a possibility. “Delphi has inherited the twins’ calling powers. You must take her lest she be killed as a sorceress or demon.”
Dagon, Gregor and Soren crowded into the inn with their luggage to receive more words of greeting from Avor, while Electra hung back in stunned silence.

Chapter 34

Fourth Island in an Island Chain

King Blackwell and Serafina sat together in the captain’s cabin, discussing their plans for the upcoming battle against the pirates who had kidnapped the brothers’ ship.
“If, as we suspect,” Blackwell began, “these pirates are seamen hired by King Gundar to play a role, we will want to keep them alive long enough to incriminate King Gundar.”
“It will more likely be his son, Prince Oswald, who comes to pay the seamen for their work,” Serafina said.
“Yes,” Blackwell agreed. “But how to proceed from there? That is the question we must consider.” He drummed his fingers on the desk that separated them. “I believe it best to take him prisoner. We will take him back to Henge and put him in the dungeon. Then we will notify King Gundar of his crime.”
“I am sure Prince Oswald was following his father’s orders in this,” Serafina said.
“Of course,” Blackwell agreed. “It will be interesting to see if King Gundar will admit it, or allow his son to take the blame.”
“And what if King Gundar does not admit to the crime?” Serafina asked.
“We shall keep whatever ship comes to do business with the pirates here as a start,” Blackwell said.
“We already have the Phantom of the Seas,” Serafina said.
“The Phantom of the Seas?” Blackwell repeated. “What is that?”
Serafina smiled. “That is the name of the pirates’ ship.”
“Ah, yes. It seems we suddenly have an abundance of ships.” Blackwell paused to think. “Dag says there is only room in the cave to hide two ships and we now have four to hide. The Prince Avor, Soldad’s ship the Sea Dancer and now the Phantom of the Seas and the brothers’ ship, whatever it is called.”
“The Island Hopper,” Serafina said.
“They named it the Island Hopper? Yes, that sounds appropriate. I suppose we could anchor the Island Hopper and the Phantom of the Seas out from the island. Whoever comes to pay the pirates will be expecting to see them, unless he knows about the cave. In that case, seeing the ships in plain sight might cause suspicion.”
“That is a question the pirates could answer for us,” Serafina said.
“Yes.” Blackwell did a little more drumming on the desktop with his fingers before coming to a decision. “It is time to take the island. We will decide the next step after we interrogate our prisoners.” Blackwell stood. “I want you and the twins to stay aboard ship until the island is secured.”
“Of course,” Serafina agreed.

King Blackwell assembled his officers on the deck of the Prince Avor. “We will take control of this island and those dwelling on it. I should like to take at least three pirates alive for questioning. Captains and crews will remain aboard their ships. All soldiers will proceed ashore in their units. Any questions?”
There were no questions. King Geoffrey ended his soliloquy by raising his arm and shouting, “For Henge, by Henge!”
The assembled soldiers echoed his words. “For Henge, by Henge!” The officers who had come over by shoreboat had to return first to the Sea Dancer, but the first shoreboat full of soldiers from the Prince Avor started to shore immediately on shoreboats.
Soon the sea was dotted with small shore boats carrying trios of archers and swordsmen to the nearest beach. Esme wished Dag good luck, but he grimaced and whispered, “I’d be a poor soldier to need luck in this battle.”
Evidently, the would-be pirates ashore agreed with Dag, for as more and more soldiers crowded onto the island’s beach, a line of seven men could be seen marching toward the beach with their hands held high in surrender.
“I wish I was there to read the prisoners’ minds,” Esme told her mother as they watched the brief attack take shape from the ship.
“Your father is aware of your ability,” Serafina said. “He will call on you if he needs such help.”

On the Sea Dancer, Shalin watched the surrender on shore alongside Soldad. “It appears a battle will not be necessary,” Shalin noted.
“I suppose pirates have as much sense as the next man,” Soldad said.
“You may be able to leave soon for Constantinople to help your family,” Shalin said.
“I think I would help my family more by going back to Henge first to pick up a load of Greek fire. Hopefully by now, Admiral Haddad has been able to convince the Taz ship builders to construct a new delivery system that we can install on the Sea Dancer.”
“Perhaps I will be allowed to travel with you as far as Henge,” Shalin said.
Soldad moved a bit closer. “Nothing would please me more.”
“You seem able to maintain your good humor, no matter the situation,” Shalin noted.
“That is because my situation is always the same when you are with me – blessed.” Soldad smiled.
“Blessed by Yeshua?”
Soldad shook his head. “I am always blessed by Yeshua’s presence,” he said. “But I am doubly blessed only by adding your presence as well.”
“You still think me an angel sent from heaven,” Shalin accused him.
Soldad kissed the top of Shalin’s head. “I believe you yourself cannot explain your miraculous gifts. We are united in this, no?”
Shalin read Soldad’s mind and said, “You believe my powers come from Yeshua, do you not?”
Soldad smiled and said, “That would be a good guess on your part.” He looked deep into Shalin’s eyes. “But you find that doubtful since you are not a follower of Yeshua.”
Shalin drew in a sharp breath, wondering for a moment if Soldad could also read minds, but she saw in his mind that it was only a guess. “And that would be a good guess on your part. How would you know for sure if my powers came from Yeshua?”
“I believe in time the uses you put your powers to will reveal their source,” Soldad said.
“Why would Yeshua give such powers to an unbeliever?” Shalin asked.
“The mind of God is unknowable,” Soldad answered. He laughed before noting, “For one who takes nothing by faith, you put great store in a ring made by ancient astrologers. Why is that?”
Shalin wanted desperately to confide all to Soldad – the spells, the pull toward Tyre and Bethleem, but she could not. “There does seem to be a tie to Yeshua. The story Vaspan told us about the juxtaposition of the king stars at the time of Yeshua’s birth, a thing important to the astrologers of that time, make me think Yeshua’s birth must be connected to my ring.”
“As soon as my family’s safety is assured, you may be certain we shall be on our way to Hindustan to learn more,” Soldad promised.
Shalin thought at that moment she might truly love Soldad.

On the island, King Blackwell and a few of his officers set about interrogating the would-be pirates.
“Which of you is the leader?” King Blackwell asked.
Two of the men were careless enough to look toward the man in the middle.
King Blackwell addressed his questions to this man who was clothed as an ordinary seaman: knit cap and wide cotton pantaloons, with a dark blue cotton tunic over top.
“Who hired you to capture the Island Hopper and bring her here to this remote island?” he asked.
The man said nothing.
King Blackwell used the tip of his sword to lift the man’s chin so that he was looking directly into his eyes. Evidently what the pirate leader saw there convinced him to be a bit more cooperative.
“I do not know for sure, since he used an intermediary,” the leader said.
“We know he is coming here in the next day or so to pay you for your efforts,” King Blackwell said. “Will you cooperate with us in finding the true pirate or will you sacrifice your life and the lives of your friends on behalf of a man you do not know?”
The leader closed his eyes briefly, then said, “We will cooperate.”
“You have chosen well,” King Blackwell said. He turned to the officers standing next to him. “Tie up these imposters and have Dag take them to the cave where they held the brothers prisoner while we ready ourselves to greet the true pirate.”

Chapter 35

Inn at Lands End

Electra watched as her mother gushed over her grandchild, Delphi.
“Look how strong she is,” Delphinia said as Delphi held her grandmother’s hand and pulled her along on tottering little legs to the blanket Avor had set on the floor of the inn. There on the blanket lay Delphi’s small collection of wooden toys. Suddenly a small wooden horse flew up from the pile into Delphi’s outstretched hand.
Delphi held out the horse to her grandmother and smiled.
Delphinia’s love was such that she managed to mask her surprise at the child’s feat and praise the beauty of the horse before turning a worried face back to Avor and Electra.
Dagon, Gregor and Soren had been warming themselves at the fireplace on the far side of the inn, but Delphi’s extraordinary ability had not escaped their notice.
“She is like Esme,” Soren said simply.
“I live in fear,” Avor admitted, looking at Dagon. “You know how Barburee feels about sorcerers.”
Avor picked up his daughter and invited all his guests to have lunch at the inn’s small dining area.
“Choose a table while I go to find the innkeeper,” Avor said.
“Will Cogatin and your stepsons be joining us?” Electra asked, looking for a table large enough to hold them all.
“Perhaps,” Avor said. “Cogatin took Altan and Octai to the marketplace with her. These days I always offer to keep watch over Delphi while she takes the boys on outings.”
“Yes, I can see why,” Electra said. “But surely Cogatin will accept Delphi’s unusual powers. She is the child’s mother, after all.”
Avor shook his head. “She believes in evil spirits as much as others in her culture. You saw the reaction there in Hormu when Phinn put on his play last year. The Iron Warrior killed one evil spirit after another to heartfelt cheers from the Barburee soldiers.”
“But Cogatin would never agree to giving up her child,” Electra said. “She is a good mother. I have seen her patience with her sons.”
“Of course she loves her,” Avor said. “But I believe she would give Delphi up to protect her. If you will agree to take her I think I could make a case that Delphi’s life may be in danger. All of us who live in Hormu for that matter.” He looked up in a glance that included everyone as they took seats around a table. “Surely you have all heard the news about Constantinople?”
“We have,” Delphinia said. “Soldad the Trader stopped by Fernland and told us his family was trapped there, surrounded by Ottomans.”
“There you have our situation as well. All the nations close by are affected, and we could very well be next. The Persians dislodged by the Great Khan have nowhere to go. They must keep fighting for territory if they are to survive.”
“That is a very different explanation from the one you put forth last year about the Great Khan’s thirst for new conquests,” Electra noted.
“I begin to see the pitfalls of a close relationship with the Great Khan,” Avor said.
“So you truly are repentant? That is why you signed your message to me as ‘your repentant brother?”’ Electra asked. “I suspected sarcasm.”
“No sarcasm intended. I am entirely at your mercy with the life of my child. Will you take Delphi?”
Delphinia looked at her son with consternation. “Surely if anyone is to take her it should be me. I am her grandmother.”
“Of course you are,” Avor said, putting his arm around his mother’s shoulders. “I thought of you first. But how would you explain the adoption of a child to Father? For that matter, how did you explain this trip to him? Does he know you have come to visit me and my family here?”
“No,” Delphinia admitted. “He believes we have come here to interview an engraver for the job of making his profile to press into gold coins from our new mint.”
“Father is building mint? Where does he propose to obtain a supply of gold? Have you discovered gold in Fernland?”
Delphinia looked helplessly at Electra for an explanation that would pass muster without bringing up their sale of weapons in exchange for gold nuggets.
Electra brushed all explanations aside with a sweep of her hand through the air. “We need to focus on Delphi now. You have been gone too long from Fernland’s activities to concern yourself about what is taking place there.” She looked at Dagon. “Are we agreed that raising Delphi in Helsop would not be a problem?”
Dagon shrugged. “It would only be a problem if it might somehow bring down the wrath of the Great Khan upon us. But I do not see that as a possibility. We have Esme living with us now as a student of the school of medicine. Everyone accepts her and appreciates her work with animals. She does not often show her unusual abilities as her father has forbidden it, but most of us have watched her grow up and we are aware of her gifts.”
Avor nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, that is what I hope for. That people will see Delphi’s abilities as a gift rather than a curse. It will break my heart to part with her, but to live in fear for her life is worse.”
“Has Cogatin never seen Delphi call a toy to her as yet?” Delphinia asked.
“I believe she may have,” Avor admitted. “She asked me one evening if I thought Delphi might have been inhabited by an evil spirit.”
“What did you tell her?” Electra asked.
“That there were surely good spirits in the world as well as evil spirits. That as long as a spirit did no harm, it should not be feared.”
“And what did she say to that?” Electra asked.
“Nothing,” Avor said. “That is what worried me most.”
Electra was quiet for a moment. “Yes, when someone does not even want to speak on a subject, there is reason to fear.”
At that moment Cogatin came through the door of the inn with Altan and Octai beside her.
Altan and Octai recognized their friends Gregor and Soren immediately and ran to join them.
Electra and Delphinia greeted Cogatin with hugs and smiles, and they all arranged themselves around seats at a large table for lunch.
The innkeeper came out with a pitcher of water and a stack of cups. “We have lamb stew today, folks. Will it be stew all around then?”
“Stew sounds perfect,” Dagon said. “And ale. Any ale for the rest of you?” he asked.
“Yes, bring a pitcher,” Avor said. “A very large one.”
“Right enough,” the innkeeper said. “I’ve some lemonade for the young ones.”
“Perfect,” Avor said.
As the innkeeper left, Avor said a few words to his wife.
“What did you say to her?” Electra asked anxiously.
“I asked her if she found anything of interest in the marketplace,” Avor replied.
“I see,” Electra said, relieved.
“I am not the complete idiot you believe me to be,” Avor said. “I will begin building my case by telling her the dire news you bring about Soldad’s family in Constantinople. She will remember Soldad from our time together in Taz.”
“Yes,” Electra said. She smiled at Cogatin, then took a deep breath before looking into her brother’s eyes. “Are you sure this is what you want to do?”
“I am sure it is what I need to do, for my daughter’s sake. It is far from what I want to do.”

Chapter 36

Fourth Island in a Chain

King Blackwell called Dag and his officers together. He was ready to set a trap for whoever had hired his prisoners to steal the Island Hopper and kidnap Alekos and Cosmos.
“I should like to hear what he tells the men he hired to commandeer the Island Hopper when he pays them for their work,” Blackwell told his gathered officers. “I believe our prisoners will decide to cooperate once they spend some time in the cave.” Looking directly at Dag, he asked, “Have they told you anything more?” 
“They only asked if they would be given food and water,” Dag said.
“What did you tell them?” Blackwell asked.
“That I did not know,” Dag answered.
“Good,” Blackwell said. “Let them wonder for a while.”
Turning to his officers, he continued, “We do not have room to hide all four ships in the cave. We will ask our prisoners if they were ordered to hide their ship. If not, we will anchor the Phantom of the Seas off shore and put the Prince Avor and the Sea Dancer in the cave.”
“There is not enough camouflage here on the beach to overhear a conversation,” one of the officers noted. “We will need to lure whoever comes to their camp up to where there are trees and boulders to hide behind.”
Blackwell nodded. “The paymaster will want to speak to the leader. We will have one or two of the prisoners meet this person on the beach and lead him up to the camp.”
“Yes,” another officer said. “That should work. One or two of us could hide at the perimeter and when we have heard enough, give a signal for the troops to move-in.”
“Do you want this man taken alive?” a general asked.
“Yes, if it is who I think it is, I would very much like to take him back to Henge to spend some time in our dungeon,” King Blackwell said.
“Shall we interrogate the prisoners?” a general asked.
“I believe I will interrogate them myself,” Blackwell said. “Dag, lead the way to the cave.”

Dag led King Blackwell and two of his officers to the cave where he had left the seamen tied and sitting in the dark.
King Blackwell approached them holding a torch. He spoke to the leader. “Tell me exactly what your orders were from this intermediary,” he demanded.
The leader blinked at the sudden light from the torch. “We were to wait here with the Island Hopper and her crew until someone came to pay us for the job.”
“I need details,” Blackwell said. “Whose idea was it to meet here? Yours?”
“Yes, we had visited this island chain. We said we would meet him on the fourth island. We stopped at the second island to take on water, but we saw people there, so we came straight here.”
“Did the intermediary know of these islands?” Blackwell asked.
“Yes, he told us there was a cave here where we might be able to hide the ships.”
“Did he tell you to hide the ships?”
“No, he said we would have to check the depth at low tide to see if it would work.”
“So he did not know the depth?”
The leader shrugged. “Not for various tides.”
“How much did he promise to pay you?”
“A gold sovereign each,” the leader said.
“Did he say why he wanted you to do this?” Blackwell asked.
“No,” the leader said.
“Why did he choose you?” Blackwell asked.
“We have had no work of late. The goods we used to ship have been switched to caravans. Our last shipment was taken by pirates and we were lucky to have been left alive and still have our own ship. We surrendered to the pirates.”
Dag thought the man looked as if he wished, in hindsight, they had died fighting.
“Why did you make mention of Manoa?” King Blackwell asked.
The leader looked around anxiously. “Who said I mentioned Manoa?”
“Do you deny saying it?” King Blackwell asked.
The leader let out a sigh. “No. It was a guess on my part. It was the intermediary, the man who hired us. I thought I recognized him as a man I had seen once at a tavern in Manoa.”
“So you do not know if he comes from Manoa?”
“No, he could very well have been from a ship visiting Manoa. I do not know.”
“I wish to learn the reason for this attack on the Island Hopper and her crew,” Blackwell said. “I would like to eavesdrop on the conversation that takes place between you and the man who comes to pay you for your work. Will you cooperate in this?”
“Do I have a choice?” The leader asked.
“Always,” Blackwell said.
“Cooperate or die?” the leader asked.
King Blackwell’s only reply was a shrug.
“We will cooperate,” the leader said.
“You will be given food and water while we await this rendezvous,” Blackwell said.

As Blackwell, Dag and the two officers left the cave, Blackwell ordered the two officers to bring the Prince Avor and the Sea Dancer into the cave. To Dag he said, “Position yourself near the entrance to the cave and try to hear any conversation that takes place among the prisoners. If need be, give them a bit of ale along with their dinner to loosen their tongues. They may not have told us all they know.”
Dag nodded and backtracked silently to the entrance to the cave.

When the soldiers came with meals for the prisoners, Dag put his finger to his lips to keep them from speaking to him where he stood at the entrance to the cave.
Only one of the prisoners had spoken so far to ask the leader if he thought they would be set free.
“Better not to speak of it, Glas,” the leader had replied.
After a meal and a bit of ale, the prisoners seemed in a better mood. They joked a bit about the ale being better than what was to be had in various African ports, and the leader said, “I remember a bit about that man who hired us, the man I first saw in Manoa. He was having a bit of a chat there with the innkeeper at the tavern by the port.” 
“What did he say?” Glas asked.
The leader chuckled. “He said, ‘It’s been a right treat, mate. Your ale has a right kick to ‘er, but I’d best stop at two and get back to work if I want to stay afloat.”’
“But he didn’t say where he worked?” Glas asked.
“No,” the leader said, then added, “but there was only one ship in port that day – the King Gundar.”

Dag waited until the prisoners were sleeping soundly with full bellies before leaving to make his report to King Blackwell.
On hearing about this bit of chatter, King Blackwell made a fist of his hand. “King Gundar. I knew it from the start. He is up to his old tricks. No imagination, that man. Even though we saw through his attack years ago by men paid to pretend to be pirates, he decided to try the same thing again. This time we will grab the head of the snake.”
“Any further orders, Your Majesty?” Dag asked.
King Blackwell thought for a moment. “We know who it is now. There is really no need for our trap. I have all of our soldiers posted on the island but the king, or more likely, his son, will want to check the cargo of the Island Hopper.”
“Very likely, Sir,” Dag said.
King Blackwell paused, thinking. “Tell my officers to post ten men aboard the Island Hopper, out of sight, to apprehend anyone who comes aboard.”
Dag saluted and was happy not to have been one of the men who drew duty aboard the smelly ship.

Chapter 37

Fourth Island in a Chain

The final plan fell into place after consideration of all possibilities. The main area of concern was how many fighting men might be aboard whatever ship came to claim the brothers’ ship and cargo. There was no logical reason for so many soldiers to be waiting aboard the Island Hopper, but this would be the moment of possible engagement.
The morning of their third day on the fourth Island, those waiting ashore sighted a ship and everyone took their assigned places. The two ships, Sea Dancer and Prince Avor had already spent two days hidden in the cave.
The brothers’ ship, Island Hopper and the would-be pirates’ ship, Phantom of the Seas appeared to be free of people, but soldiers were hidden on board both ships.
On the island, the imposter pirate leader and two of his men waited to receive payment as planned. The other four pirate pretenders had traded clothing with Henge soldiers so that four soldiers would be able to apprehend the paymaster if he turned out to be either King Gundar or his son, Prince Oswald. If it was the intermediary who came ashore with the payment, they would wait to see if either King Gundar or Prince Oswald went to inspect the cargo aboard the Island Hopper where he would be apprehended by the ten soldiers aboard it.
In the unlikely case that neither man appeared and only the intermediary was sent to take the Island Hopper back to Manoa or Sandovia, the two hidden ships, the Prince Avor and the Sea Dancer, together with the Island Hopper would come out from cover and attempt to board and commandeer whatever ship had been sent to pay the fake pirates.
On the island, King Blackwell and his officers waited impatiently as the ship grew closer.
“You have young eyes,” Blackwell said to Dag. “Can you make out a name?”
“No, not yet,” Dag said. “But it appears to be a very large ship, much larger than any of our own.”
A few minutes later, Dag said, “I believe it is two words and the first word is King.”
A smile spread across King Blackwell’s face. “The King Gundar,” he declared. “This is a prize worth the trouble he has caused.”
“Yes,” Dag said. “I can see it now. It is the King Gundar.”
King Blackwell rubbed his hands together as he spoke to his officers. “Make sure everyone remains hidden. Dag, you go and tell Soldad and Captain Hardy. They will not be able to see the ship approaching from the caves. Tell them to be ready on my command to sail out and take this prize.”
“Yes, Sir. And shall your family stay on board?”
“Yes, but remind them to stay in their locked cabins until the crew of the King Gundar is dealt with.”

Dag left at once to make the dangerous trip past the breakers and into the cave without the use of the shore boat which might be seen. There was a narrow ledge that led from the beach to the cave’s opening, but it would be wet and slippery now at high tide.
He waited on the beach behind boulders until a series of powerful breakers had passed, then quickly stepped onto the ledge, his back to the cliff, and sidestepped carefully to the mouth of the cave as another breaker hit. He took the brunt of the crushing wave and held precariously to a small crevice in the wall to prevent being pulled out by the backwash.
Before another wave could hit, he rounded the wall into the cave and stepped into the shore boat he had left tied to a boulder.
He quickly rowed to the first ship, the Sea Dancer and hailed the captain. “Permission to come aboard.”
Soldad appeared as a darker shadow in the dark cave. “Come aboard, Dag, I recognize your voice.”
Dag scurried up the rope ladder. “The ship is here with payment. It is the King Gundar, a large cargo ship owned by the King of Sandovia and King Blackwell means to take possession of it.”
“At once?” Soldad asked.
“No, only if his first two traps fail to catch either King Gundar himself or his son, Prince Oswald. We are still going according to plan. If a signal comes from the soldiers aboard the Island Hopper, all three ships will set sail and attempt to surround and board the King Gundar.”
“Who will watch for the signal?” Soldad asked.
“I will,” Dag said. “I will stay near the mouth of the cave where I can see the Island Hopper. Be ready, though, in the unlikely event that the signal comes.”
“We are ready. And what will your signaled to me be?”
“I will give you the same signal I get from the Island Hopper. A flaming arrow that will light up the cave’s interior.”
“We will be watching,” Soldad promised.
“I shall go now and advise Captain Hardy,” Dag said.
“Very good,” Soldad said.
“And remind Shalin to remain locked in her cabin below deck,” Dag said as he clambered back down the rope ladder.

As soon as Dag moved on to the Prince Avor, at anchor behind the Sea Dancer in the cave, Soldad went below to tell Shalin the news.
He knocked on her cabin door and she answered at once. “Has the mystery ship arrived?” she asked.
“A mystery no more,” Soldad said. “It is the King Gundar that comes and your father means to commandeer it. I need to tell the soldiers but I wanted to tell you first. Also, I am to relay an order from your father. Stay below in your cabin until the King Gundar is taken and its crew dealt with.”
“Aye Aye, Captain,” Shalin said. “Have a care.”
Soldad began gathering the Henge soldiers aboard and they all went to wait in the ship’s bow for the signal that might or might not come.

Dag moved on, bumping into the Prince Avor in the darkness. “Permission to come aboard,” he called out as he felt his way along the ship to where the rope ladder hung over the side.
Captain Hardy appeared a moment later and Esme was at his side.
“Dag?” she called. “Is that you?”
“Yes,” Dag said. “Permission to come aboard?” he repeated.
“Come aboard,” Captain Hardy said. “Have you news?”
“The King Gundar is sailing our way,” he said. He knew both Captain Hardy and Esme would realize the significance of that fact.
“So Father was right,” Esme said. “It was King Gundar who set up this whole scheme.”
“Evidently,” Dag said. “He thinks we will be able to apprehend either King Gundar or his son, Prince Oswald, when one of them comes ashore to pay the pirates or when one goes to check on the cargo the Island Hopper carries.”
“The impudence of them. They deserve whatever punishment Father metes out,” Esme said.
“If both traps fail to capture one of them,” Dag continued, then as planned, both the Sea Dancer and the Prince Avor are to sail out and take over the King Gundar and her crew by force.”
“Yes,” Esme said, clasping her hands together in a gesture very like that of her father.
Dag continued to speak to Captain Hardy. “In this unlikely event, I will send up a flaming arrow that will light up the cave.”
“Understood,” Captain Hardy said. “I will alert the soldiers aboard.
Dag turned to Esme. “And one last order from your father. I am to remind you and your mother of the promise you made to stay locked in your cabins below deck until any fighting is over.
Even in the dark, he could see the pout he expected taking shape on Esme’s face.

Chapter 38

Fourth Island in a Chain

King Blackwell and his soldiers held to their places and their assigned roles as the King Gundar sailed closer to the island.
The soldiers disguised as pirates looked to the ring of trees where King Blackwell was hidden.
“Those selected, start down towards the beach,” came Blackwell’s voice from the trees, “but do not go all the way. Only far enough to beckon whoever comes ashore up here to the camp.”
The pirate leader, one of his men and one of the disguised soldiers started a slow approach toward the beach, then waited as a shore boat was launched from the King Gundar and a single man rowed ashore.
As the boat neared the shore, the leader turned back to speak softly to King Blackwell, “It is the same man who hired us.”
“Do not give yourself away. Bring him up here and accept your money,” Blackwell commanded.
The leader nodded.
As the intermediary pulled his small boat ashore, he looked around.
“Up here,” the leader shouted. “Come up – we have a bit of ale for you. You see we have seized the ship as you ordered.”
The intermediary nodded and walked up to join the leader and the two men. The pirate leader and the anonymous intermediary shook hands.
“I see you have anchored out the ships. Did the cave prove too shallow at low tide?” the intermediary asked.
“Yes, we preferred not to take the risk,” the leader said, wiping his brow with his handkerchief. “The islands seemed quite deserted so we decided there was no need.”
“It seemed a good place to avoid unwanted curiosity,” the intermediary said. “What cargo did you find aboard the ship you have taken?”
“Fertilizer,” the leader said.
“Nothing more?”
The leader shrugged. “We did not search through it, so I could not swear to it, but it certainly smelled like fertilizer.”
“My employer may want to search the ship,” the intermediary said. “He will likely take possession of the ship when we leave. What did you do with the crew?”
“Only two men aboard. They are tied up in a cave nearby. They are unharmed.”
“My employer chooses to remain nameless, as do I,” the intermediary said. “If we take the ship you may do as you choose with the two men in the crew. That will remain your business.”
As they walked up the low rise, the leader pointed to the camp where the other men were sitting around a campfire, eating fruit that grew on the island. They stood up as their leader and the intermediary approached.
“Get a cup of ale for our visitor,” the leader instructed, again wiping the perspiration from his brow.
“Are you ill?” the intermediary asked, eyeing the leader suspiciously.
“I hope not,” the leader said, trying for a smile. “Bad time to come down with a fever, just as we are about to have money to spend.”
The intermediary relaxed a bit and accepted the cup of ale. He took a seat on a large rock and set down his cup at his feet. “A cargo of fertilizer was not what we were expecting, but we will honor our agreement,” he said, pulling out a leather purse. He counted out seven gold coins and handed them to the leader.
“I thank you,” the leader said, again mopping his brow. “Have you more business to throw our way?”
“None that I know of,” the intermediary said. “This bit of business will remain strictly between us for all our sakes.” He tipped up his cup and drained it in a few large gulps. “I’ll be taking my leave. After my employer checks the cargo, we’ll likely be on our way, with or without the ship. If we leave without it, it is yours to dispose of however you see fit.”
“Fair enough,” the leader said. “We will likely sell it in some far-off port, if you leave it.”
“A wise choice,” the intermediary said, standing.
The leader and one disguised soldier walked with him part way to the beach, then broke off to wave goodbye and return to camp.
The leader was taking deep breaths and wiping his entire face and neck with his kerchief by the time the intermediary was back in his shore boat, rowing for his ship.
“You did well enough,” King Blackwell said, emerging from the trees. “The bit about the fever was a good saving line.” He held out his hand. “I’ll be taking that payment to give to the brothers as payment for the bother you’ve given them.”
Reluctantly, the leader dropped the gold coins in King Blackwell’s hand.
They all watched from the cover of the trees as the intermediary went aboard the King Gundar. Then they waited.

About an hour later, two men climbed down from the King Gundar into the shore boat that was tied to the bottom of the rope ladder.
King Blackwell could not make out the identity of either man. One of the men took up the oars and rowed the short distance to the Island Hopper.
The soldiers Blackwell had posted to hide aboard the Island Hopper all knew what Prince Oswald and King Gundar looked like. After a bit of shouting and a short scuffle, a flaming arrow went up to signal someone was in custody and those aboard the Island Hopper were on their way to take possession of the King Gundar.
Within minutes, the Sea Dancer emerged from the cave followed by the Prince Avor. Those aboard the King Gundar had not even attempted to flee. Evidently whoever had been captured aboard the Island Hopper was a person too important to leave behind.
The soldiers aboard the Island Hopper were the first to reach the King Gundar and had already assembled the crew members up on deck by the time the Sea Dancer arrived to assist.

Back on the island, King Blackwell said to his officers, “Let us go and see who has fallen into our net.” He left the would-be pirates in their camp and their cave, confident they had no way to escape. The king and his soldiers waited on the beach to be picked up on a shore boat from one of their many ships.
Dag was the first to come by from his lookout point near the entrance to the cave. “May I row you out to your ship?” he asked.
“You may,” King Blackwell said, splashing through the shallow water to save time. “I am anxious to see who the real pirate is.”
“Which ship?” Dag asked.
“I believe I will go aboard the Prince Avor first. I wish to give our new prisoners time to consider the hopelessness of their situation.”
Dag set a course for the jumble of ships now surrounding the King Gundar. “Things seemed to go very much according to plan,” Dag noted.
“I was rather pleased myself,” King Blackwell said. “I hate losing good soldiers to unnecessary battles.”
King Blackwell waited until after dinner to call for his foremost prisoner to be brought to the captain’s cabin.
As the bound man entered the room, Blackwell looked up with a nonchalant expression and said, “What a surprise, finding you here, Prince Oswald.”

Chapter 39

Aboard the Prince Avor

Five ships still lay at anchor near the fourth unnamed island in the chain of volcanic islands off the west coast of Africa. King Blackwell had chosen the Prince Avor as his base of command and a steady stream of soldiers and various crew members had been in and out of his usurped office – Captain Hardy’s cabin.
Shalin was waiting as Soldad the Trader came out of his meeting with her father.
“Did everything go as planned?” she asked.
Soldad nodded. He held up his hand to show the small scroll clasped inside. “He wrote a message to Acting King Phinn to give me as much Greek fire as I could accommodate aboard my ship. And he gave me permission to leave at once.”
Shalin was happy for her friend. She knew he was anxious to race to the aid of his family under siege in Constantinople. She also knew that with the powerful weapon Greek fire had proved to be, there was a good chance it could turn the tide in favor of the Byzantines. She just hated to see Soldad go without her. She could see in his mind that he had decided against inviting her to go along, even as far as Henge. He knew her father would never allow it.
“That is wonderful news,” she said. “I suppose this is goodbye then?”
Soldad nodded and drew her in for a hug. “If all goes according to plan, I will return soon with good news.” He pushed her to arm’s length to look into her eyes as he spoke. “And then we shall take our voyage to Hindustan.”
Shalin managed a smile. “Yes, I shall be working on a plan to make such a trip a necessity in Father’s eyes.”
“Good,” Soldad said. “In the meantime, stay safe and concentrate on rejecting any potential suitor of royal blood who may come your way.”
Laughing, Shalin said, “I believe the only potential royal-blooded candidate around would be Prince Oswald, and he would be in the undesirable position of having to press his suit from our dungeon.”
Soldad feigned a frown. “I had not considered him. He is just sneaky enough to concoct such a plan. Please refuse to entertain any message that comes your way from the dungeon.”
“I promise I will,” Shalin said.
Soldad hugged her once more and kissed the top of her head before saying a final farewell and turning quickly to go.

Shalin found her sister speaking to Alekos and Cosmos, who were waiting their turn to speak to King Blackwell.
“Have you had enough of hauling guano back and forth to Bat Island?” Esme asked Alekos.
“No,” Alekos said. “I am anxious to get back to our routine.” He looked at Cosmos. “Do you feel the same?”
“Aye,” Cosmos said. “Having our own ship and visiting friends on the island and back in Eko – it’s the life I always wanted. I hope your father will agree to accept us back.”
“I have no doubt of that,” Shalin said, joining their small group. “We did a survey while on Bat Island.  There is likely two or three years’ worth of guano left on the island, and after that we will just find another source that will need transport.”
Alekos nodded. “Good news, that.”
A soldier came out from King Blackwell’s usurped cabin looking at a list of names he held in his hands. “The brothers Cosmos and Alekos?” he announced. “The king will see you next.”
“Good luck,” Esme said, as the two seamen walked into the cabin.

“Have a seat,” King Blackwell said, gesturing to the two chairs in front of his desk.
Cosmos and Alekos sat down.
“You have been through quite an ordeal,” King Blackwell said in a friendly tone.
“We were treated all right,” Cosmos said.
“Your ship was taken and you were left tied up in a dark cave,” King Blackwell reminded them.
“That is true,” Alekos said to his brother. “They would have likely killed us if that had been their orders.”
“Still, they seemed a fair bunch,” Cosmos said. “Paid us in ale when we won at dice.”
“Cosmos is afraid you will torture and kill the men who commandeered our ship. He has seen one or two of them over his years at sea, off and on, and knows they were hard-pressed to find work,” Alekos said.
“I see,” King Blackwell said. “I had thought to give you the money Prince Oswald paid to them for their piracy, but perhaps you would rather I pay you in clemency for the captives instead.”
“I would prefer that,” Cosmos said. “We are grateful as we can be, your coming all the way here from Henge to rescue us and all, but the thought of another seaman’s life weighs heavy on me. We’re a brotherhood, us which follow the sea.”
“I understand,” King Blackwell said. “Will you resume your old jobs then? Hauling guano from Bat Island and bringing the island supplies from Eko?”
“That would be my greatest hope,” Cosmos said.
“Then that shall be the outcome,” King Blackwell said. “We will sail together, all four ships back to Eko, tomorrow morning. Do you think I might trust these would-be pirates you have just saved from death to crew one of the several ships now in my possession?”
“Aye, I do,” Cosmos said. “I will speak to their captain myself if you like, and tell him he is now obligated to me for the gift of his life, and he’d best not squander this chance.”
“Very well,” King Blackwell said. “As you leave, send in my aide. I will tell him to bring this pirate leader to me as soon as you have warned him of his close escape from death.”
Cosmos smiled and put out his hand.
King Blackwell shook hands with Cosmos, saying, “You bring honor to your chosen profession.”
Shalin and Esme were waiting for the brothers to emerge, eager to question them about what had transpired, but as soon as Alekos emerged, he said, “We are on our way to speak to the pirates.” He grinned. “Cosmos here, saved their lives.”
Shalin and Esme nodded, surprised.

“I can hardly believe Father is not going to extract revenge for all the trouble the pirates have caused him,” Esme said.
“I believe he is most angry with Prince Oswald,” Shalin said. “The imposter pirates were only pawns in Oswald’s scheme to find the source of Henge’s white powder.”
“Yes,” Esme agreed, then dismissed the pirates from her mind. “I saw you speaking to Soldad. What are his orders?”
“He has been released from further obligation to Henge,” Shalin said. “In exchange for his cooperation, he has been given the gift of Greek fire to use against Constantinople’s enemies.”
“So he is leaving?” Esme asked gently.
“Yes,” Shalin said.
“Are you very sad?” Esme asked.
“Devastated,” Shalin admitted.
Esme put her arms around her sister. “He will return you know. He always does.”
“I know,” Shalin said, allowing salty tears to flow from her eyes.
“It appears you may love him after all,” Esme said.
“It does rather appear that way,” Shalin said, “but it could be the same emotion one would feel for the departure of a friend.”
Esme laughed. “You were ever the last one to know your own mind.”
“How can you say that?” Shalin sniffed, “I have always been completely focused on finding my ring’s origin.”
“And you always ascribe that focus to a force emanating from your ring – never from your own mind,” Esme said. “I believe you are an explorer by nature.”
Was it possible her sister knew her better than she knew herself? Shalin wondered.

Chapter 40

Lands End

Avor spoke hourly to his wife about the battles raging around Hormu. Both Constantinople and the Levant were under attack. Cogatin listened with interest. She was used to hearing of battles and wars. To her it was the life of her people.
Even with this knowledge, Avor continued trying to sway Cogatin’s thinking by laying out the dangers of keeping their daughter Delphi with them as an argument in favor of handing the child over to Electra’s care.
“Delphi would perhaps be safer living with my sister in Helsop,” he persisted. “Of course you and I and the boys have no choice but to live in Hormu, as regent and queen and heirs apparent to the throne, but Delphi might at least find safety there.” He knew as he spoke the words that Cogatin would never agree.
“If you love your daughter, you will not give her over to your family,” Cogatin said.
Avor sighed. “I do love her. I only want to keep her safe.”
“Surely you know she has an unnatural spirit,” Cogatin said.
“You know?” Avor said, surprised Cogatin would admit to such a truth.
“Of course I know,” Cogatin said. “From birth she has had powers that are not human in origin.”
“But you never said a word to me about it,” Avor said.
“To say it is to condemn her,” Cogatin said. “And even now I have done so.” Tears gathered in his wife’s eyes.
“But no, do you not see? This is why I want to give her to my family. The fault is mine. These powers have manifested in others of my lineage.”
“Others that still live?” Cogatin asked with a doubtful expression.
“They still live and thrive,” Avor said.
“Your sister Electra? Is she such a one?” Cogatin asked.
“No,” Avor said, “but the children of her mother’s sister, the twins Shalin and Esme. They have such powers. You met them in Taz.”
“The two who looked just alike? I remember them. Why have they been allowed to live?”
“We do not see their powers as evil spirits,” Avor fibbed, for in fact he had always considered them to be just that. “One of them is studying to be a physician at my sister’s school of medicine.”
“Do others in Helsop know of her unnatural abilities?” Cogatin asked.
“Yes, they have known the twins since they were born and consider their unnatural powers as gifts.”
“And no one there seeks to kill them?” Cogatin asked with growing excitement.
“No, they value such gifts in Helsop,” Avor assured her.
“Delphi would have a chance of life there? Cogatin asked, her voice hopeful.
“Yes, Electra will love Delphi just as she loves the twins.”
“This is more than I had hoped for,” Cogatin said. “I thought you could not bring yourself to kill the child, just as I could not. I thought you sought to put her away so that you would not be a party to her certain death.”
Avor shook his head. “Nothing could be further from the truth. I would give my life to protect her. In fact, just to give her over to my family to protect her is like a dagger to my heart.”
“And to mine as well,” Cogatin said. “I will miss her terribly, but my heart is filled with joy to think she may have a chance at life.”
“We are agreed then? We should give her into my sister’s keeping?”
Cogatin paused. “Are you quite certain of her safety there? I have heard from our servants how the actors who came to visit Hormu put on a play where the Iron Warrior killed many evil spirits. These actors were greatly admired by our soldiers.”
Avor smiled. “The actors did that only to entertain our soldiers. They do not even believe in the myth of the Iron Warrior.”
“Truly?” Cogatin appeared shocked.
“Truly,” Avor assured her. “They are ambassadors. They try to put on plays that will be pleasing to those of the nations they are visiting.”
“But then how will anyone know what they themselves believe?” Cogatin asked.
Avor had no answer for that. “Let us go and tell Electra together that we are in agreement about Delphi’s future. Would you want Delphi to study medicine at Electra’s school while she is there?”
“Yes, that would be a good plan. She will not be able to marry into Barburee, so it is best she be trained up for an occupation.” Cogatin smiled. “Our daughter will have a place of respect in the world. It is more than I had dared to hope.”

Electra sat with her family at a table near the fireplace in the inn. She knew they would have to leave soon, with or without Delphi. They had already been gone three days. How long did it take to interview an engraver?
“We must leave soon,” Electra said to Dagon. “I do not think Avor is making much headway in convincing Cogatin that Delphi would be safer with us.”
“No mother would allow such a young child to be taken from her,” Delphinia agreed. “What he is asking is unnatural.”
“And yet the threat is real enough,” Electra said. “Remember how the soldiers cheered when Phinn put on his play last year? He could not kill the evil spirits fast enough. They are a superstitious people.”
Dagon nodded. “It would be difficult for them to view such abnormal abilities as gifts.”
“Is it difficult for you?” Electra asked.
“Truthfully? Yes, at times it is,” Dagon said. “I am grateful that King Blackwell has warned his daughters to hide their gifts as much as possible. Such abilities invite unwanted attention of every sort. Those who want to kill and those who want to use such gifts for their own gain.”
Avor and Cogatin came into the dining room. Avor was carrying Delphi who smiled when she saw her grandmother. The two had spent a lot of time together in the last three days.
Delphinia stood up to take Delphi from her son. The child immediately began to play with the long locket Delphinia wore around her neck.
“We are in agreement,” Avor said. “Delphi will go to live with you in Helsop and you shall raise her up to be a physician like yourself.”
“Cogatin has agreed to this?” Electra asked.
“She has. It turns out she is aware of Delphi’s unusual abilities and has despaired herself of Delphi’s chances to live a normal life in the Barburee culture. She is grateful that you are willing to accept Delphi as she is and welcome her into your village.”
Tears ran down Delphinia’s face as she hugged Delphi close. “I will visit as often as I am able,” she said. “She shall be treated as a princess whenever she visits Fernland.”
“It is perhaps best that you do not tell my father that he is her grandfather,” Avor said.
“He will never know, unless the two of you are one day reconciled, which is my greatest hope,” Delphinia said.
Avor smiled. “That is my hope as well. But until then, we shall try to visit here in Lands End as often as circumstances allow.”

Chapter 41

Aboard a Foreign Ship

Electra and her family, which now included Delphi, had boarded a ship out of Tangier whose name no one had offered to translate into English for them. In fact no one aboard seemed to speak English although they were bound for Henge.
“Likely the captain has heard of the new trade in iron ore,” Dagon surmised.
It had not taken Delphi long to realize she had been abandoned by her mother and father. Even though Electra held her and sang songs, Delphinia offered her jewelry as toys, Dagon swung her high into the air and Gregor and Soren offered up small wooden animals, she remained desolate.
Delphi cried inconsolably until she was overcome by hunger and fatigue. Then she drank milk from a cup and lapsed into a deep sleep, worn out from weeping. She was still sleeping deeply when their ship turned into Fernland’s estuary.
“How do you plan to explain this sudden adoption to your father?” Delphinia asked Electra.
Electra shrugged. “I plan to leave it a mystery. Someone left a child at the inn where we stayed and no one knew what to do with her. The innkeeper said he could not keep her and as Dagon and I have no daughter, we decided to take her. If a family member shows up to claim her, that person will know to come for her in Helsop.”
“Yes,” Delphinia agreed. “A mystery is best. That way if Avor changes his mind, he can take her back next year when we meet at Lands End.”
“In the meantime, Father will be forced to treat her as an adopted granddaughter,” Electra said, smiling.
“I have no doubt she will steal his heart,” Delphinia said. “Will you teach her to keep her powers secret?”
“She will have Esme as a model. She will not feel as the twins did that no one else is like her,” Electra said.
“Yes, Esme will be a great help to her,” Delphinia agreed. “Esme has a heart for the sick and wounded.”
“Helsop could become a place where Delphi thrives,” Electra said, looking out to the fast-approaching King’s Lake. “Yeshua works in unknowable ways.”
Since they were on a foreign ship, no carriage was there to meet the returning travelers. They borrowed horses from the stables adjoining the small group of remaining cottages that had housed the boat workers. Those ship builders who remained were now part of Fernland’s small navy.
By lunch time the group of travelers arrived at the steps to Fernland’s castle.
As soon as the palace guardsmen and pages stationed at the castle’s entrance realized Queen Delphinia was among the new arrivals, a flurry of activity ensued.
King Geoffrey was notified and footmen appeared to help the travelers down from their horses. Geoffrey ran down the steps and swept several of his family at one time into hugs and scoldings for being so long gone.
“And who might this be?” he asked Electra as the dark-eyed toddler looked up at him with alarm in her face.
“This is Delphi,” Electra said. “Delphi, meet your grandfather, King Geoffrey.”
King Geoffrey stepped back, shocked. “You have not been gone that long,” he said, emphasizing the word ‘that.”’
Electra laughed. “Delphi is a foundling. We named her Delphi after Mother. She has been abandoned and as we have no daughter, Dagon and I have decided to adopt her.”
“I see,” King Geoffrey said, maintaining his distance. “Come in, the lot of you. I was just about to sit down to a lonely lunch. Now we will have much to talk about instead.”
Delphi seemed too interested in her new surroundings to begin crying again. She looked out amazed at all the activity around her and held more tightly to Electra’s tunic. Electra found her completely captivating and realized she had already become her daughter. She would protect her from the world if need be.
At lunch, Delphinia assured her husband that the engraver in Lands End was completely unacceptable. He was unreliable, having neglected to show up on time, his work was second rate, if that, and Dagon had assured her that one of their own artists in Helsop was better at engraving than this fellow in Lands End who remained nameless.
“In fact,” Delphinia said, looking adoringly at Delphi, “we should plan a trip to Helsop as soon as possible to interview the engraver there. We can stay at our suite at the new inn.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “But you are all here now and have no reason to rush back to Helsop. Gregor missed his day in court, but there is another in three days’ time. Are you feeling restored now Gregor?”
Gregor looked confused. “I feel fine,” he said.
Electra realized she had neglected to tell Gregor she had told her father she feared her son was coming down with an illness. “Children bounce back quickly,” she said. Looking at Dagon, she asked, “Might we stay for three days?”
He shrugged. “If all is peaceful. Have you had any news of unrest from the north?” he asked King Geoffrey.
King Geoffrey appeared thoughtful. “I do not like this business of a pirate attack on one of Henge’s business partners. And leaving Phinn in charge?” He shook his head. “I admit the young scoundrel who bedeviled Fernland’s marketplace has turned into an exceptional performer, but leaving him in charge of an army?” He frowned. “It gives me second thoughts about our new alliance with Henge.”
Dagon laughed. “I am sure no one would be quicker to agree with you then Phinn himself. He has no ambitions as a monarch. But he is taking the role seriously. When I advised him to prepare for an attack by Sandovia in case this pirate attack turns out to be another ruse from King Gundar, he called a meeting of his generals immediately to alert them to the possibility.”
“Yes, that shows good judgment,” King Geoffrey agreed. “The generals will know what to do in the event. Do you really think such an attack likely?”
Dagon shrugged. “It never hurts to be prepared.”
“Quite right,” Geoffrey agreed. “Now let us prepare for an afternoon that might appeal to two young men. “What would you say, Gregor and Soren, to an afternoon session on the archery field, or perhaps a rematch with those new slingshots?”
“Yes,” Gregor said, his face brightening. “I have mine.” He looked at his younger brother. “Do you have yours?”
Soren smiled and pulled his slingshot from a pocket in his leather jacket. 
“It appears we are armed and ready,” Dagon said.
After the men and boys left, Electra, Delphi and Delphinia lingered over their tea.
“That went surprisingly well,” Electra said.
“Yes,” Delphinia said, “and I have the perfect surprise for Delphi. Remember when I showed you your old room in the castle, before you were stolen from us?”
“I do,” said Electra, remembering the sad little deserted nursery, complete with dolls and other assorted toys.
“It is still intact and will now become Delphi’s room,” Delphinia said. “It is like a dream, so long in coming.”
“Delphi, would you like to see the surprise your grandmother has for you?” Electra asked.
Delphi said nothing until they reached the room, which had been carefully tended for so many years.
“Here is your doll, sweet child,” Delphinia said, holding out a doll dressed in white satin.
Delphi reached for it, saying, “Delphi doll.”
“Yes, Delphi’s doll,” Delphinia said, kissing her granddaughter’s cheek.

Chapter 42

Kingdom of Henge

Fair winds had brought Soldad the Trader to the port of Henge in record time. He had King Blackwell’s scroll in hand when the Sea Dancer drew up alongside Henge’s wharf.
“This should be a quick turnaround if all goes well,” he told his first mate. “I hope to pick up our promised supply of Greek fire from Acting King Phinn and be bound for Taz to pick up our delivery system which Admiral Haddad of Fernland was to order built for us there. Then we will be off to Constantinople to break the siege.”
“There are lots of ‘ifs’ along the way,” his friend and first mate said, “but God willing, all will go as you say.”
“First off, I need to find Acting King Phinn and give him this message from King Blackwell. While I am gone, load up enough food to take us to Taz. Use the emperor’s gold if necessary.”
“Aye, Captain. Have a care with that Greek fire.”
Soldad smiled and rushed down the lowered gangplank.
He found Phinn at the end of the wharf, where a barrier had been set up, manned by a group of four soldiers.
Phinn broke off his conversation with the officer in charge.
“Soldad, you are returned. Have you brought good news?” Phinn called out.
“I have. The pirates have been found and dealt with, and the brothers reinstated in their shipping duties. No injuries to report,” Soldad said.
“Come up to the castle with me,” Phinn said. “Where is the Prince Avor?”
“It will be along soon,” Soldad said. “They planned to make a stop in Eko first.”
“Tell me everything,” Phinn ordered.
“I will, I promise. Only read this message from King Blackwell first. I hope to leave as soon as possible with the Greek fire. As you know, I am in a hurry to break the siege that holds my family hostage.”
Phinn broke the wax seal on the scroll Soldad handed him. He read it aloud.

To Acting King Phinn,
We have found the pirate king and as suspected, he has turned out to be Prince Oswald of Sandovia. We have him in custody and will be bringing him back to reside in Henge’s dungeon until we receive satisfaction from King Gundar. We should be back before any retaliation on Gundar’s part can take place. But we can likely expect some act of defiance on Gundar’s part in the future.
In the meanwhile, Soldad and his ship have served us well. Please reward him with several gallons of Greek fire and a half cargo of iron ore free of charge.
With salutations from the field of victory,
Your brother King Blackwell

Soldad smiled. “Your brother exaggerates my help. I only stood by at the ready.”
“We will stop at the barracks and arrange for your Greek fire and iron ore,” Phinn said. “Would you like a small demonstration on the care of Greek fire? We do not have a delivery system now that the Sea Sprite is gone, but we can arrange something to show the capability of the fearsome weapon.”
“Yes, I would very much like to see that,” Soldad said. “I could perhaps invite my crew as well, lest they become overconfident in their handling of the mixture.”
“Very wise, I believe,” Phinn said.

They stopped at the barracks and Phinn spoke to an officer about arrangements for delivering the iron ore, the Greek fire and the demonstration.
As they continued on to the castle, Phinn asked, “How did my brother manage to incriminate Prince Oswald? He is a sly one when it comes to taking blame.”
“We were there when he came to pay the seamen who had posed as pirates. We caught him when he went on board Cosmos and Alekos’ ship to take possession of their cargo. I believe he was surprised to find a cargo of guano. Evidently he expected to find the source of your exploding white powder aboard.”
“Umm,” Phinn said. “Yes, surprised and disappointed, I suspect. And what of the brothers? I knew Alekos as he worked aboard my ship for a time.”
“They were unharmed. Only held prisoner, waiting to learn their fate from the man who would come to bring the pretend pirates their pay.”
“So the mission was a great success for all concerned,” Phinn summed up.
“It would seem so,” Soldad said. “Your brother will be returning with two new ships – the pirate ship called the Phantom of the Seas and the King Gundar.”
“The King Gundar is a huge ship,” Phinn said. “Do you think he means to keep it?”
“I do think so,” Soldad said. “If he wants to see his son again, I believe King Gundar himself will have to agree to giving his ship over to your brother’s keeping.”
Phinn shook his head slowly. “King Gundar is not one to settle without a fight.”

After a lunch at the castle with Phinn and his acting troupe, everyone who was interested walked back to the wharf where a demonstration of Greek fire was being set up on the adjoining beach. Lars the Trader, Phinn’s son Drake and Bear the Actor had all decided to come along and watch.
The demonstration was brief but spectacular. A soldier poured a small bit of the mixture from an iron kettle into the deep well of a hollowed out piece of driftwood. He set the piece of wood afloat in a still pool of water at the edge of the beach and motioned for everyone to stay back. Then he shot a flaming arrow at the piece of wood that upset it and allowed the liquid to pour into the sea water.
The mixture immediately exploded into flames that burned with a green flame until the piece of driftwood was burned to a crisp and the explosive liquid consumed.
“You definitely do not want to allow the mixture to come into contact with water,” Phinn said unnecessarily.
“That be an unnatural weapon,” Bear remarked.
“I would not want it aboard any ship I was on,” Lars the Trader added.
“What makes it do that, Papa?” A wide-eyed Drake asked.
“I don’t know what all is in it,” Phinn told his son. He turned to Soldad. “I know that there is quicklime that heats up in water. And I would guess resin that can flame given enough heat, but as for the rest?” He shrugged.
“I fear it is just what is needed,” Soldad said. “We shall take every precaution, but I will not take an easy breath until it is spent on those who seek to usurp our city of Constantinople.”
“I wish you good luck and especially dry days with no rain,” Phinn said.
The next morning at dawn, the Sea Dancer pulled gently out of port with no one standing on the pier to wave goodbye.

Chapter 43

Port of Taz

Admiral Haddad stood with his brother Caliph Rabar, watching as the Taz workmen installed the delivery system for Greek fire on to the deck of Governor Romanus’s warship.
“This is all a great wager on the part of the Byzantines,” the caliph noted. “A bet that Soldad will be successful in obtaining Greek fire, and a hope that this collection of cauldron and pipes assembled according to an ancient sketch will be able to contain it.”
“I tried to make all that clear,” Haddad said. “I do not want the blame for its failure to fall on Taz.”
“Nor do I,” Rabar said. “We needed the grain Romanus sent along in gratitude. Now that the Great Khan’s men stationed here have been called to China, we no longer have the benefit of their herds of grazing animals. I have hopes that the Byzantines will become trading partners with us.”
“If we are instrumental in helping them break the siege, I know they will reward us with their commerce,” Admiral Haddad said.
“A big ‘if’,” Caliph Rabar said, moving closer to inspect the fittings between the cauldron and the connecting pipe.
Felix de Medich joined the two brothers. “Your men are masters of your craft,” he commented. “We have been here only a fortnight and already the installation is close to complete.”
“It has yet to be tested with a substance we have yet to behold,” the caliph warned.
“Yes, I have a tendency to be overly optimistic,” Felix agreed. “And yet so often I find my optimism justified.”
“You attribute that to your God’s help?” Haddad asked.
“Of course. Who else?” Felix smiled.

The Governor’s grain ships had all sailed back to Alexandria after unloading their cargos in Taz. Only the Taz fleet and Felix’s ship, The Logos and Fernland’s ship, the Sea Sprite, remained in the harbor, so Haddad was intrigued to observe a new ship rounding the outer banks.
He shielded his eyes from the sun to take in the unique design. It was a shape he recognized. He ran to find Felix de Medich.
Admiral Haddad found the trader speaking to a group of men who were discussing plans for a ship to be built from a load of wood sent from Hormu.
“The Sea Dancer is coming into the harbor,” Haddad announced. “Your son has finally arrived.”
Felix’s hand flew to his heart. “Truly! Let us see what news he brings.”
Haddad thought to himself, let us see what demonic weapon he brings as well.
Haddad, Felix and a few of the Taz workers Felix had been chatting with, all walked down to the water’s edge to watch the Sea Dancer set its anchor.
“Nice design,” one of the Taz workers allowed. “Who built the ship?”
“It was built in Constantinople,” Felix said proudly. “My son and I designed it ourselves. It is built for speed and maneuverability.”
“Perhaps you would like a job here at our boat works,” another man teased.
“We are traders through and through,” Felix said. “But if you ever should need to sell one of your fine ships, we could find you a wealthy buyer.”
The man laughed, but Haddad realized they had need of such a connected trader.

Aboard the Sea Dancer, Soldad suddenly recognized some of the men on shore. He began waving wildly and swung down into the shore boat as soon as it hit the water.
Soldad rowed quickly to shore and his father waded out to meet him. As they walked to shore arm in arm they were both thoroughly drenched and laughing.
“We knew you would come,” Felix said. “Haddad has told us of your exploits. How did it go in Africa against the pirates there?”
“You even know of that?” Soldad marveled. “My stories have been usurped.” He smiled at Haddad before shaking his hand. “I am happy to report the pirates have been quelled, and Prince Oswald found to be the real culprit.”
Haddad raised his eyebrows. “Prince Oswald has been executed?”
Soldad shook his head. “So far as I know he is still alive but headed for Henge’s dungeon where he will be held for ransom.”
Haddad frowned. “This could mean war with Sandovia and perhaps Manoa as well if Manoa’s king chooses to side with his wife’s family. But of course that is no concern of yours. Were you successful in obtaining Greek fire?”
“I was, and I am hoping you have been successful as well in constructing a delivery system to be installed aboard the Sea Dancer,” Soldad replied.
“There has been a slight change of plans,” Haddad said. 
Soldad felt his hopes sinking. “A change of plans?”
Haddad held up a hand in a ‘stop’ gesture, as he read Soldad’s expression. “An expedient change, I am sure you will agree. Governor Romanus of Egypt has ordered the delivery system installed on one of his warships instead. The work is completed and with the Greek fire you bring, the warship can leave immediately to join the Byzantine fleet already fighting in Constantinople.”
“Does it work?” Felix asked his son anxiously. “Have you witnessed the power of true Greek fire?”
“I have,” Soldad said with a grim nod. “And it is as awesome as described in its many fables.”
“Should we test it?” Felix asked in a cautious tone.
Soldad glanced back at his ship. “I will arrange first a demonstration similar to the one shown me in Henge by Acting King Phinn. I should not want to test it in the delivery system until the captain of the Governor’s warship has seen this initial demonstration of the reaction that takes place in seawater.”
“If we are to make a difference in breaking the siege, we have no time to waste,” Felix said. “I will find the captain of the warship and his crew while you ready the demonstration.”
“Yes,” Soldad agreed. He stopped to take in the sight of his father once again. “I had hardly dared to hope I might see you again,” he said.
“Yeshua is with us always,” his father replied.

As the men dashed off in various directions, Haddad stood still, thinking. Should I join the fight with those on their way to Constantinople? Knowing that it might not be in Fernland’s interests? Or would it benefit Fernland? Possibly, but not assuredly. No, Constantinople is already in Fernland’s debt and in Taz’s debt as well, if the delivery system we built works as intended. I need not jeopardize our ship to further seal our favor. In that case, my work here is done. It is time to return to Fernland and then on to Henge where I will take up another load of weapons. He stood with his brother Rabar, waiting to watch the demonstration of Greek fire’s power.

As Soldad oversaw a repeat of the demonstration he had witnessed in Henge, he took note of the expression on the face of the warship’s captain. He saw the man’s amazement quickly turn into excitement, not fear. A brave soldier.
Caliph Rabar and Soldad’s father seemed too shocked to speak as they watched the small wooden bowl that contained the Greek fire explode into green flames atop the water.
“We will leave at once,” the captain of the warship ordered his crew. “This could be the weapon that saves Constantinople.”

Chapter 44

Port of Eko

King Blackwell called for a brief stop in Eko to take on supplies and make sure Cosmos and Alekos arrived there safely. He had spread the crew of the Phantom of the Seas out among his three ships, keeping the pirate leader on the Prince Avor where he could be closely watched. He had also spread the crew of the King Gundar out, keeping the captain and paymaster aboard the Prince Avor. Prince Oswald was confined to a makeshift brig aboard the Prince Avor and two of Henge’s soldiers stood guard over him in shifts both day and night.
In their cabin aboard the Prince Avor, Serafina and King Blackwell went over the supplies they would need to feed so many on the voyage back to Henge.
“They have an abundance of yams here,” Serafina said.
“Good,” Blackwell said as he sat at his writing desk, quill in hand.
“Will you send a ransom demand to King Gundar from here to Manoa?” Serafina asked.
“I had thought to do so,” King Blackwell said, “but now I question that impulse. I believe I would rather be back in Henge, armed with exploding arrows and Greek fire before sending out what might be perceived as a declaration of war on Gundar’s part.”
“How can he declare war now that we have his only ship?” Serafina asked. “He will have no way of reaching Henge with any kind of armed force.”
“Do not forget his daughter is now Queen of Manoa. King Gundar may be able to convince King Gallos into taking his side and King Gallos has one great ship and several smaller ones.”
“But no army,” Serafina said.
“No army, but plenty of seafaring men who could be drafted to form a navy,” Blackwell said.
“They have never had need of an armed force. They are friendly with all their neighbors,” Serafina said.
“Yes, and I would not like to see that change. Why should we contact King Gundar? We already have his ship and that is the ransom I would demand for the return of his son. Let him wonder what has happened to his son and his ship.”
“He will draft seamen to act on his behalf. They will arrive in various ports as spies seeking information,” Serafina warned.
“Let them come. When they discover the truth and report it to King Gundar, then we will come to terms with Sandovia. In the meantime, Prince Oswald will have time in the dungeon to consider his misdeeds.”
Serafina shrugged. “As you will. Should we bring aboard some of Eko’s local ale? I believe it is made from yams.”
“Yes, bring aboard any supplies Eko has to offer. We have a lot of hungry men aboard our several ships.” Blackwell returned his quill to its holder and stretched his back. “Let us spend the day ashore before we are all confined aboard for the journey home.”

Esme, still aboard the Prince Avor, looked forward to spending time ashore. She knew her sister Shalin had been assigned to travel with the King Gundar in case of a dearth of breezes to fill the sails of the great ship. She did not know which ship Dag had been assigned to. He was taking orders from Henge’s officers now. She saw her mother coming up the stairs from her cabin below and ran to meet her.
“Are you going ashore?” Esme asked.
“Yes, I am going to take a shore boat,” Serafina said. “Your father and I are going to buy what supplies are available here.”
“May I come along on the boat? I am anxious to go ashore,” Esme said.
Serafina nodded. “There will be room if your father rows.”
“Thank you; I need a walk in the jungle. The ship is too crowded to allow exercise,” Esme complained.
“Yes, we are all anxious to be home,” Serafina said. “But we have set certain events in motion by taking Prince Oswald prisoner. We shall have to be on our guard now, even in Henge.”
“You think King Gundar will retaliate?” Esme asked.
“Do you think otherwise?” Serafina asked her daughter.
“Oswald was in the wrong. We had every right to take him prisoner. Actually, I thought Father merciful not to slaughter the lot of them – Oswald and his pretend pirates.”
“And you think the fact that Oswald was in the wrong will make a difference to King Gundar?”
“It should,” Esme said slowly. “But I see what you are saying. When it comes to kings and their families, right or wrong makes little difference.”
Serafina nodded. “We should be prepared for whatever might unfold. Kings are accustomed to passing judgment and do not take well to being judged themselves.”
“So I must think as a king to imagine what action King Gundar might take now that we have his son in chains.”
“It will be a good exercise for you. See how close you come to predicting his actual response.”
Esme could hardly wait to try her ideas out in Dag’s company. “Here comes Father,” Esme said, already climbing down the rope ladder to where the shore boat waited.

As soon as their shore boat touched land, Esme was out of the boat. “I will find you later in the marketplace,” she told her parents. “I want to find Shalin and learn what is rumored aboard the King Gundar.” She waved goodbye as she made her way through the crowds of people already ashore from the Island Hopper, the King Gundar and the Phantom of the Seas.
She found Dag looking at a table of knives. “Here you are,” Esme said. “I was hoping you would be ashore. What ship have you been assigned to?”
“I am aboard the Island Hopper,” he said. “And we are out of food. I hope your father thinks to replenish us as well.”
“They plan to buy all the food in the marketplace. You will at least be assured yams for the journey home.” 
Dag wrinkled his nose. “Even dried fish and greens would seem a treat now.”
“I have a little money,” Esme said. “Let us buy enough food for a picnic and take it into the jungle to eat.”
“Perfect,” Dag said. “I need a long walk to restore my balance. I do not think I am suited to a life at sea.”

Dag and Esme took their newly purchased fruit and fish cakes and made for the river. Before long the busy noise of the marketplace gave way to birdsong and the occasional screech of monkeys in the trees overhead.
“I have a riddle to solve,” Esme said.
“I love riddles,” Dag said. “What is it?”
“What would a king do when he learns his son has been caught in the act of a crime and is now imprisoned in a foreign land?”
“That is not a riddle,” Dag said. “That is a very real situation and I have been wondering myself what the outcome will be.”
“Good, good,” Esme said. “Let us compare thoughts. I believe he would first send out spies to learn what has happened to his son.”
“Will your father not inform King Gundar of what has happened and demand a ransom?” Dag asked.
Esme shook her head. “He has decided not to.”
“Then certainly, spies would be sent out,” Dag said.
“And when King Gundar learns the truth?”
Dag chewed on a piece of dried fruit as he considered.
“I believe he will send word to his son in Sandovia to draft a navy of seamen there to be sent to Henge to free his son,” Esme decided.
“I think he will instead set a trap to retake his ship while she is at sea and leave his son to fend for himself,” Dag said, finally.
“Umm,” Esme said. “I had not thought of that, but certainly that would be a more feasible plan. You are good at riddles.”
“Part of being a scout,” Dag said, smiling.

Chapter 45

Marketplace at Eko

Shalin stood in Eko’s marketplace turning in a slow circle, looking for her family. She had been assigned to sail aboard the King Gundar in case her powers were needed to bring winds to fill the sails when they passed through the doldrums on their way to Eko. While aboard, she had encountered some dangerous ideas circulating among the few crew members still assigned to their original ship.
She spotted her father, who stood a little taller than those around him. As she pushed her way through the crowded area, she saw that her mother was with him. Good. Mother is not prone to overreact.
Shalin was close when her mother finally noticed her. “Shalin,” Serafina said. “How are things aboard the King Gundar?”
After a much-needed hug, Shalin said, “Unsettled.”
Her father turned to her and his welcoming smile faded. “Unsettled in what way?”
“Some of the original crew left aboard seem to feel it is their duty as Sandovians to mutiny against their new captain and try to take their ship back for king and country,” Shalin said. “They plan to look for weapons here in Eko’s marketplace that might help them in that endeavor.”
“You gleaned this information by reading minds?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, that and overheard bits of conversation,” Shalin said.
“Did any plan harm to you?” her father asked with a dangerous depth to his voice.
If by harm her father meant bodily harm, then no, but as far as taking her hostage – that was the linchpin of their plan. “No, I do not think they planned to harm me,” Shalin said.
“I will make sure all of the remaining crew of the King Gundar are reassigned to the Phantom of the Seas and the Prince Avor,” her father said. “I should have done that before. Though why the crew should feel any loyalty to that conniving old King Gundar is a mystery to me.”
Shalin relaxed, grateful to hear his decision.
“And you shall come with us now to sail aboard the Prince Avor. We are out of the doldrums,” her mother said.
Shalin was happy to hear her mother’s decree. “How goes it aboard the Prince Avor?”
“We are out of supplies.” Serafina reached into her tunic and pulled out a handful of coins. “Take these and buy anything edible you can find in the marketplace. All our ships need to be re-provisioned.”
“All right,” Shalin said. “Anything in particular you are craving?”
“Fruit, both fresh and dried, is always welcome,” Serafina said. She leaned in closer and lowered her voice. “We will talk later when we are back aboard the Prince Avor.”
Shalin nodded. She supposed her mother knew somehow the threat aboard the King Gundar had been more serious than she had admitted.
As Shalin set out to find fruit, she noticed Cosmos and Alekos speaking to one of the elders of Eko’s native tribe. They sat together under a shade tree at the edge of the marketplace. She walked over to join them.
“You speak the language here now?” Shalin asked Alekos.
Alekos smiled at Shalin and said, “We have learned a bit over the years. How you have grown in those same years. You are a young lady now.”
Shalin blushed. “I will reach sixteen this year.”
Cosmos turned to welcome her. “You must stop growing immediately. You are making us feel old.”
Shalin laughed.
The elder who sat in the shade of the acacia tree said a few words to the brothers.
Alekos looked at Shalin. “He wants to know where are the members of his tribe that were with you last time you visited. The ones who played music and danced.”
“Phinn and the acting troupe,” Shalin said. “They are members of his tribe?”
“That is what Obe says,” Alekos said, nodding.
“Tell him they still play the drums they bought here and speak of him often. Perhaps they will come soon to visit their tribe.”
Alekos nodded and relayed the message. He laughed as he listened to Obe’s reply. “He says to tell them to come soon if they want to see Obe before he leaves to join his ancestors.”
Shalin pulled out two of the coins her mother had given her. “Tell him Phinn wanted him to buy something fun for the tribe to remind them of him and his friends who miss their tribe’s music.”
Obe smiled when Alekos translated.
“Will you be stopping at Bat Island before you leave Africa?” Cosmos asked.
“I do not think so,” Shalin said. “I believe father is anxious to return to Henge. He left Phinn in charge there.”
Cosmos nodded. “We cannot thank you all enough for coming to rescue us.”
“You are both very important to Henge,” Shalin said.
“With all the fertilizer we send your way, Henge must be a flowering paradise by now,” Alekos said.
Shalin smiled and wished it were true. A flowering paradise sounded better than an explosives’ depot. “I am off to buy fruit,” she said, waving goodbye.

As dusk settled on Eko, Shalin stood on the beach surrounded by bundles of fruit, waiting for a shore boat to take her to the Prince Avor. Her sister and Dag ran along the beach to join her.
“You have been busy,” Esme said, looking relaxed and happy.
“Yes,” Shalin said, “I had orders to buy fruit. Some of these bags contain foodstuffs yet to be identified. They may or may not be fruit.”
Esme laughed as she picked through the bags. “Some of these new foods we saw hanging from trees on our walk through the jungle today.”
Shalin could feel her sister’s probe at the edges of her mind.
“You are troubled about something,” Esme said. “What has happened?”
Shalin sighed. “You must not tell Father,” she said. She included Dag in her glance.
“What?” Esme demanded.
Shalin looked at Dag. She would not speak until she extracted his promise as well.
Dag shrugged. “I will not tell him if you do not think it is something he needs to know.”
Here was shaky ground. Perhaps her father did need to know. It would be safer not to tell Dag.
Esme could read this warning. She turned to Dag. “There is no need for you to know. Here comes a shore boat – perhaps you could load up the fruit while I speak to Shalin.”
Dag looked as though he might not do as Esme demanded.
“It is all right,” Shalin said. “It is just a bit personal.”
Dag nodded reluctantly and began pulling the shore boat carrying a single oarsman onto the beach.
Esme jerked Shalin off to the side and demanded, “Tell me.”
“I barely escaped being taken prisoner and held hostage by some of the crew aboard the King Gundar. They planned to demand the return of the King Gundar in exchange for my life.”
“Why do you not want Father to know?” Esme asked, confused.
“He would have all the conspirators killed. They are stewards and cooks’ helpers. They thought they were being loyal to their country by planning such a thing. You know I was never in any real danger, but I would have been forced to reveal my powers and that could have been dangerous. I told Father just enough to have them reassigned to other ships. That will suffice.”
Esme nodded slowly, then hugged her sister. “Your heart is too soft.”
“That is why you should be queen,” Shalin said, smiling.
“No, that is why you should toughen up a bit,” Esme said, giving her sister a playful shove. “You are not going back on the King Gundar.”
“No, I have been re-assigned as well,” Shalin said.

Chapter 46

Port of Eko

King Blackwell was happy to have his family reunited aboard the Prince Avor that evening as they ate together in the ship’s galley. Many of the foods that evening were new to the Blackwells and they ate tentatively, commenting on the taste of various species of poultry and colorful fruits.
“I have decided to reallocate some of my officers and crews,” Blackwell commented. “I have assigned most of the remaining crew aboard the King Gundar to our ship, the Prince Avor, where I can keep a close eye on them. Captain Hardy and his crew will leave the Prince Avor to take up the sails of the King Gundar for our return to Henge.”
“That is a good plan,” Esme said, “as the Sandovians will likely be focused on a retaking of their ship, once they learn of Prince Oswald’s capture.”
King Blackwell’s hand paused in midair suspending a piece of yellow fruit halfway to his mouth. “What makes you say that?” he asked.
“It was actually Dag’s theory,” Esme said. “We were speculating on what King Gundar would likely do once he learned his son had been taken prisoner and his ship commandeered.”
“This is a thing that occupies your thoughts?” King Blackwell asked.
“Yes, of course,” Esme said, inspecting a bit of poultry swimming in her stew.
“And what was your own idea for King Gundar’s reaction?”
“I thought he would likely ask his son in Sandovia to draft a navy of smaller ships and crews from among the seamen there and send them directly to Henge to attack our castle and free his son.”
King Blackwell swallowed his piece of fruit before chewing it properly and began coughing.  Esme was thrilled to see in her father’s mind that this was exactly what he himself had thought.
After taking a long drink of water, King Blackwell asked, “And why do you suppose Dag thought the ship would be the more likely target?”
“Because it would be easier. They could take it at sea, away from our army’s protection, perhaps when it was carrying a heavy cargo to slow it down.”
King Blackwell saw at once, that this would be a more feasible target for attack. And he had planned to put the King Gundar into service, much as King Geoffrey used his own great ship and namesake to carry large cargos to and from China. He thought about asking if Dag had an idea for protecting the great ship from such an attack, but decided against voicing it. How would it look, asking a young scout’s opinion on tactical matters. Was he himself not commander-in-chief of Henge’s armed forces?
“These are both interesting scenarios and of course, we will be prepared for both possibilities,” King Blackwell said, “as well as others.”
“What others do you see as possibilities?” Esme asked eagerly.
King Blackwell did not know. “Nothing that you should concern yourself with,” he said, looking for a change of subject. He turned to Shalin. “How did the conspirators you overheard on the King Gundar hope to take possession of their ship?”
“Umm, they were considering various possibilities. Perhaps trying to convince the pirates aboard to join forces with them. They were young stewards and such, really more full of bravado than actual plans.”
“Still, it might have worked,” King Blackwell said. “I do not know that the pirates can be trusted. We are short one captain for the Phantom of the Seas. Hopefully our own First Mate can rise to the occasion.”
“Perhaps one of the brothers, Cosmos or Alekos, might volunteer if asked,” Shalin suggested.
“No, they need to get back to their runs to and from Bat Island.” He thought for a moment. “Perhaps young Dag might go aboard the Phantom of the Seas to keep an eye on the first mate there. He seems to have good judgment.”
“I am sure he would be honored by your trust,” Esme said.
“Yes, no doubt,” Blackwell said.

After dinner Esme and Shalin retired to their cabin, happy to be reunited.
“Did you hear what Father said?” Esme asked excitedly. “He thinks Dag has good judgment.”
“Dag does have good judgment,” Shalin said. “He has been well-trained.”
“But do you not see what that means?” Esme asked.
Shalin smiled. “That he will likely rise to a position of leadership? That he could possibly become someone worthy of marrying a princess?”
“Yes!” Esme exclaimed.
“I never doubted it,” Shalin said, happy for her sister’s sake.
“Father had never thought of an attack at sea in the King Gundar. I saw it in his mind. Did you?”
“Yes, I did,” Shalin said. “And now he believes that will likely be King Gundar’s first thought as well. Naval warfare is Gundar’s strong suit. Henge has always only had an army.”
“How then will we protect such a valuable ship at sea?” Esme asked. “We need a navy. And now we have the start of one if we can hold on to our new ships.”
“Perhaps Soldad would have some ideas,” Shalin said. “He has protected his own ship from attacks at sea thus far.”
Esme shook her head. “He is a trader, not a naval officer. He only needs to avoid or out-run pirates. We may be at war soon with a seafaring nation. The odds are against us.”
“Perhaps the best course of action would be for Father to return the ship to King Gundar and instead demand a ransom for Prince Oswald,” Shalin said.
“Father would never agree to that,” Esme reasoned. “He loves the idea of having a big ship. The King Gundar is almost as big as the King Geoffrey.”
“Then we had best form a navy without delay,” Shalin said, flippantly.
Esme chose to take Shalin’s offhand remark seriously. “Yes, we need a navy. Where does one procure a navy?”
Shalin looked at her sister with a critical eye. “I do not know that one can simply purchase a loyal navy. I believe it must be grown and nurtured over years of training and development.”
Esme was deep in thought. “Now that Levant has fallen to usurpers, perhaps their former navy is up for purchase.”
Shalin stared at Esme in disbelief. “One does not simply buy a navy. I am sure that if there were such a navy assigned to Levant, they have now been absorbed into the larger navies of Egypt or Constantinople.”
“But consider the fleet of Taz,” Esme said. “When they were forced from their city of Taz by Barburee invaders, they had nowhere to go. They were taken in by King Geoffrey and those few who have remained at King’s Lake now form the basis of Fernland’s small navy.”
“Yes,” Shalin said slowly, “that is true, but now the Taz fleet has returned to reclaim their homeland in Taz.”
“But Barburee has taken over many cities. Wars are constant around the Great Sea. We need only find a smaller displaced nation and offer them sanctuary. One like Taz that managed to escape with their ships intact.”
Shalin opened her mouth to argue, then gave the matter more thought. “There was such an ousted group that took up residence in India. I shall ask Soldad when he returns if he knows of any such displaced seafaring groups who might be in need of sanctuary.”

Chapter 47

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey came through the castle’s kitchen to the small office where Chef Cristo sat talking to Queen Delphinia, Princess Electra and little Delphi.
“Geoffrey, is everything all right?” Delphinia asked.
Electra knew her mother was surprised to see King Geoffrey in the kitchen, a place he never ventured into as far as Electra could remember.
“I assume so,” Geoffrey said. “I just thought you would like to know we have been notified by the watchtower that four ships have entered the estuary on their way to King’s Lake.”
“Four, all at once?” Delphinia said. “That is unusual. Anyone who might be visiting royalty?”
“Yes, that is why I decided to notify you,” Geoffrey said. “The Sea Sprite entered several hours ago and while Admiral Haddad is not royalty, he is returning from dropping off his cargo in Egypt and will have important news to share. I should like to have him up to the castle to make his report. The three that entered just now, however, are more of interest. First the Prince Avor, and I assume the Blackwells will be aboard, returning from their pirate mission; next, an unknown ship and finally, the King Gundar out of Sandovia.”
“My, oh my,” Delphinia said, fluttering her hands in excitement. “When have we ever had so many royal visitors at one time?” She looked at Geoffrey. “It is odd that the Prince Avor and the King Gundar are traveling together, is it not?”
“Very odd,” King Geoffrey agreed. “Although King Gundar buys exploding arrows from Henge, the two kingdoms are not friendly. King Gundar resents Henge for the inflated prices they charge, and King Blackwell still holds a grudge against King Gundar for trying to scare him into an alliance by arranging a fake pirate raid on Henge’s port years ago.”
“Perhaps they have patched up their quarrel somehow,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps King Blackwell hopes to include Sandovia in our trading alliance.”
“Perhaps,” King Geoffrey said. “In any case I suppose we must invite them all here for dinner.”
“Yes, of course.” Delphinia looked at Electra. “I am so glad you are here to help. We shall need a special entertainment. We have so much to do and so little time.”
King Geoffrey began easing his way out of the small office as he concluded his remarks. “I shall see that the royal carriage is there to pick up Admiral Haddad. In fact, I will go myself to meet him. Later we can return to pick up as many as will fit from the Prince Avor and the King Gundar.”
“Chef Cristo, what have we that might make an impressive centerpiece at the formal dining table?” Delphinia asked.
King Geoffrey left quietly while Delphinia’s attention was centered on Chef Cristo.
Electra wished she could scoop up Delphi and follow her father out the door, but knew that her mother would insist Electra take part in the planning of what promised to be a most formal affair.

Aboard the Sea Sprite, Admiral Haddad was making a pile of the various items he would take ashore to establish Fernland’s new mint. Governor Romanus had been so grateful for the weapons King Geoffrey had sent, he had included even more items than the ones on the list Soldad the Trader had provided.
He would also need to make a report to his commander-in-chief about the installation of a Greek fire delivery system aboard one of governor Romanus’s warships and hoped he had not overstepped his bounds by allowing the Byzantines to copy the delivery system aboard the Sea Sprite.

Two hours behind the Sea Sprite, those aboard the Prince Avor were just coming to the first lock in the long estuary leading to King’s Lake.
King Blackwell and Serafina stood on deck watching water rush into the lock to raise the water level.
“I believe I will ask King Geoffrey if I might leave the King Gundar at King’s Lake for a time,” Blackwell said. “With this long estuary and complicated system of locks, there would be no chance of King Gundar making a raid to regain possession of his ship from King’s Lake.”
“I doubt King Geoffrey would agree to that,” Serafina said.
“Why not?” Blackwell asked. “We are allies now.”
“Trading allies who share a ship,” Serafina said. “Hiding the King Gundar here could bring a war with Sandovia to Fernland as well as Henge.”
“I could leave some of Henge’s soldiers here to protect it. Those shipbuilders’ quarters at King’s Lake are empty now.”
Serafina shook her head. “He would not want Henge soldiers on Fernland’s soil.”
Blackwell let out a deep breath. “Likely not, but there must be some way to persuade him to allow it. The more I consider what King Gundar will do when he hears his ship has been confiscated, the more certain I am he will come at night aboard ships from Sandovia to grab it from our harbor.”
“We could keep soldiers aboard to protect it,” Serafina reasoned. “We could use Greek fire against them.”
“That action would definitely precipitate a war,” Blackwell said.
“But a war we would surely win,” Serafina said.
“I would prefer not to escalate hostilities if possible,” Blackwell said. “I would like to give him time to realize his ship is a fitting ransom for his son’s release.”
Serafina shrugged. “We could, perhaps, offer King Geoffrey gold for his new mint in exchange for birthing the King Gundar here.”
“Or perhaps iron ore,” King Blackwell said, becoming more animated. “He buys his canisters for exploding hand balls from Helsop, just as we do. A gift of iron ore would increase his profits.”
“Yes,” Serafina agreed. “He might agree to that.”

King Geoffrey was at King’s Lake in the royal carriage when the Sea Sprite sailed into King’s Lake.
Admiral Haddad was rowed ashore by one of the Taz sailors along with a stack of boxes. He smiled when King Geoffrey met him on the beach.
“Welcome home,” King Geoffrey called. “What have you brought?”
Admiral Haddad stepped off the small boat and saluted his commander-in-chief. “I have here the beginnings of your new mint, compliments of Governor Romanus of Egypt.”
Geoffrey smiled. “I had almost forgotten you had that list of items from Soldad. Complimentary, you say?”
“Yes,” Haddad replied. “Governor Romanus was most grateful to receive our cargo of weapons. I have much to report.”
“Good. I will have time to hear your report while we wait for the Prince Avor. Were you aware that three ships entered the estuary behind you?”
“No, three you say? Two besides the Prince Avor?”
“Yes, one a foreign ship unknown to our outpost, and the other the King Gundar.”
“I was not aware. It seems an odd threesome,” Haddad said.
“I thought so as well,” King Geoffrey said. “So, tell me all that took place in Egypt. We can talk in the carriage while we wait.”

Chapter 48

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey and Admiral Haddad were still debating Constantinople’s chances of breaking the siege now that Soldad had delivered the fearsome Greek fire into Governor Romanus’s hands when the Prince Avor sailed from the estuary into King’s Lake. The foreign ship called the Phantom of the Seas was close behind. Last came the King Gundar.
All three ships had Henge soldiers leaning over the rails, taking in views of the lake and the empty stays at the boat works.
“That is certainly unexpected,” Haddad noted. “Henge soldiers aboard all three ships.”
“Perhaps they joined forces to rid the African coast of pirates,” King Geoffrey said.
“Perhaps,” Haddad said with a doubtful expression.
“Here comes King Blackwell on the first shore boat,” King Geoffrey said, stepping out the door of the carriage to welcome his ally. Admiral Haddad was quick to follow his commander.
King Blackwell sat in the bow of the small boat while one of his soldiers rowed.
The soldier pulled the boat onto the beach and King Blackwell stepped out. The two kings shook hands and Blackwell asked, “Is there somewhere we might speak privately?”
Admiral Haddad said, “I will just go down to check on my men at the workers’ lunchroom.”
“Thank you, Admiral Haddad,” King Geoffrey said. Turning to King Blackwell he said, “We can talk in the carriage.”
The two kings sat opposite one another in the carriage and King Geoffrey asked, “Will King Gundar or Prince Oswald be joining us?”
“No,” King Blackwell said. “Prince Oswald is a prisoner in our brig aboard the Prince Avor. The King Gundar now belongs to Henge.”
King Geoffrey’s mouth fell open. He looked out the window of the carriage to where the King Gundar lay at anchor. “I see no signs of a battle at sea, though I did find it odd to see Henge soldiers aboard all three ships.”
“We managed to avoid bloodshed, but only barely,” King Blackwell said. “We learned through various strategies that Prince Oswald had hired seamen to pose as pirates to take over our partners’ vessel in hopes of obtaining a cargo of niter. Oswald, working under his father’s orders, I suspect, sent an intermediary to pay the fake pirates for confiscating our partners’ ship and taking them prisoner. He hoped to keep his identity secret so that we would never know who was really behind the attack. But we caught Oswald red-handed when he went to look at the cargo of the captured ship.”
“I see,” King Geoffrey said. “So you took possession of his ship as your due.”
“And also the ship used by the pirate imposters,” Blackwell said.
“Yes, that all makes sense,” King Geoffrey allowed. “But have you any proof Prince Oswald acted on his father’s orders?”
“No,” Blackwell admitted. “But we have clear proof of Oswald’s actions. I plan to send word to King Gundar that we have his son in Henge’s dungeon and if he wants his son back, the King Gundar is the price for his ransom.”
“Yes, that seems fair,” King Geoffrey said.
“I am encouraged to hear you agree,” King Blackwell said, “because I have a proposal to put forth.”
“And that is?” King Geoffrey asked.
“I expect that King Gundar, being the incorrigible person he is, will attempt to take his ship back by some devious means. Our harbor in Henge is quite accessible to all, and he just might be able to accomplish it if he came under cover of night or by some other trickery.”
King Geoffrey nodded, following King Blackwell’s thinking.
“Here at King’s Lake, however, it would be impossible. The attackers would have to navigate a series of locks manned by your soldiers to get to the lake.”
King Geoffrey could see where this conversation was headed and was already drawing back in his seat.
King Blackwell put up a hand. “Of course I know you have nothing to gain by taking my side in this conflict. That is why I would be willing to put some of Henge’s iron ore on your account with Helsop. I know you must pay Dagon for the metal canisters you have forged there and having this iron ore credited to you would save Fernland a good deal of money.”
King Geoffrey looked out the window of the carriage, considering the offer. “What of the third ship? Have you confiscated that as well?”
“If you would prefer to have that ship rather than the iron ore, you are welcome to it. It comes along with a crew of sorts. The imposter pirates do not seem to be inclined towards piracy. They were out of work and took this job for the money promised. I spared their lives because the two men they took prisoner asked me to do so. They said they knew some of the men before this happened to be honest seamen.”
“It would be useful to have a small ship and crew available at times,” King Geoffrey said. “I could perhaps draft them into our fledgling navy. Does the pirate crew speak English?”
“Yes, they do, and I doubt they have any loyalty to Sandovia now that Sandovia’s prince has almost cost them their lives.”
“I believe we may have an agreement then,” King Geoffrey said. “I should like to speak to the pirate leader first and judge his character myself.”
“Certainly,” Prince Blackwell said. “Shall we plan to sail on to Henge after that then?”
“No, Delphinia would have my head!” Geoffrey said. “She is making plans for a royal fete to impress three nations. I do not suppose there is any chance of springing Prince Oswald from the brig for one evening?”
“No,” King Blackwell said, frowning. “No chance of that.”
“Very well,” King Geoffrey said, barely able to hide a smile at his own jest. “Which ship holds the pirate crew?”
“They are scattered aboard the three ships,” King Blackwell said. “I shall have to gather them up and bring them ashore.” He gave a pointed glance in Geoffrey’s direction. “And it might make a better start if you did not refer to them as ‘the pirate crew.”’

King Geoffrey and Admiral Haddad waited at the ship builders’ lunchroom to interview the pirate crew, which King Geoffrey still delighted in calling them.
“It seems to me a crew once turned to misdeeds for profit might succumb again to the same temptation,” Admiral Haddad said, doubtful that he could welcome such a crew into his navy.
“I fancy myself a good judge of character,” King Geoffrey said, “but of course we will both have to agree.”
The pirate crew walked into the lunchroom with trepidation, still unsure if their lives were to be the price of their misdeeds.
“We have been offered your ship as payment for a debt,” King Geoffrey began. “What say you to that?”
The man who must have been the captain answered for all. “We gambled and lost. We are grateful our lives have been spared thus far.”
“What if you were to be included as partial payment of the debt? You would still work aboard your ship, but in service to the Kingdom of Fernland, with this man, Admiral Haddad, as your captain.”
“As slaves?” the leader asked.
“No, we have no slaves here,” King Geoffrey said. “You would be free to leave, but without your ship.”
“Would we be paid?” the leader asked.
“Yes, room and board and the usual wage, perhaps an opportunity to join our navy.”
“We would welcome the opportunity,” the leader said.
“Then it is this man you must impress,” Geoffrey said, nodding at Haddad and taking his leave from the lunchroom.

Chapter 49

Kingdom of Fernland

Delphinia had managed to find a fiddle player and a pipe’s player at short notice. They performed some plaintive melodies as guests gathered in the great hall next to the royal dining room. She was disappointed that no royals from Sandovia were among the guests but from the small bits of conversation she had heard between King Geoffrey and Dagon, it appeared Sandovian royalty were now in disgrace.
Electra sparkled in sapphires that matched her blue evening gown. Serafina and the twins appeared in borrowed dresses and jewelry that flattered their slim beauty. Delphinia herself wore Fernland’s colors, red and gold with a tiara of rubies.
A servant opened the doors of the royal dining room and the guests filed in. Admiral Haddad was among the guests, along with some of Henge’s generals and a few of Fernland’s most important ministers.
The guests were seated by rank, those of highest rank closest to members of the royals who were in turn seated closest to King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia.
The twins found themselves seated across from Princess Electra and her newly adopted daughter Delphi. They were both anxious to hear more of the story behind the adoption.
Esme studied the child’s features. “With those dark eyes I might guess she had some Gypsy blood, but I know there are no gypsies left at Lands End. They all moved up with us at Henge many years ago,” she said to Electra.
Shalin immediately saw the thought flit through Electra’s mind. The eyes are not the result of Gypsy blood, but Barburee blood. Shalin gasped. Electra and Dagon had adopted a Barburee child?
Electra’s small smile as she kissed the top of Delphi’s head set off a mind reading marathon on the part of the twins. Avor had a child. This much they knew. But why would Electra have Avor’s child? And the child had powers – powers that would not be accepted by the Barburee people!
Shalin was so excited she thought she might levitate off her chair. There was another being who shared their powers. She and Esme were not freaks of nature. This child was her cousin. She must be part of a blood line of people with powers and her Uncle Avor who hated sorcery of any kind had bequeathed that power to his daughter.
Esme had to put her hand over her mouth to avoid saying something that could be disastrous for the child. How had Electra managed to keep this secret through the long winter months in Helsop? She had spoken of Avor having a child, but not of that child’s powers. Had she known? But she must have. She visited Avor last summer.
Esme reached for her sister’s hand.
Shalin held Esme’s hand tightly to strengthen the bond as their thoughts flew back and forth. Electra has only just learned Delphi has powers as we do. She does not want Geoffrey to find out Avor has a child who is half Mongol. But now Delphi’s life is in jeopardy should the Barburee soldiers deem her filled with an evil spirit.
Shalin realized they had been too long deep in their thoughts without speaking. “How old do you guess Delphi to be?” she asked Electra.
“I would estimate a little over a year old. She is walking now and can say a few words.”
“She is a lovely little thing,” Esme said. “Delphi? Named for her grandmother?”
“Yes,” Electra said. “I imagine she will become be quite spoiled by the students at the school of medicine.”
“She will certainly be spoiled by me,” Esme assured her.
“And by me as well,” Shalin said.
Esme and Electra both stared at Shalin.
“I have decided to come to Helsop to study medicine,” Shalin said.
“This is rather sudden,” Electra said.
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “I just now realized the necessity of doing so.”
Serafina, who was seated next to Shalin, looked at her daughter. “Why has this suddenly become a necessity?” she asked.
Shalin searched for a reason that did not involve Delphi but could not find one. “I should like to share in Delphi’s upbringing and a study of medicine will give me the proximity I desire,” she said truthfully.
Serafina looked at Delphi with renewed interest. “The child returned her stare with a familiar expression. “She has a resemblance to you and Esme,” Serafina said.
“That must be what I feel as well,” Shalin said. “A resemblance.”
Shalin’s attention was suddenly drawn to Admiral Haddad as he mentioned the name Soldad de Medich. She focused her attention on what he was saying to Dagon.
“His father was there in Taz, Felix de Medich, along with a warship provided by Governor Romanus of Egypt. The Taz ship builders had already installed the delivery system on the warship when Soldad arrived with the Greek fire to feed into it. All three ships, Soldad’s Sea Dancer, Felix’s Logos and the Byzantine warship left to break the siege immediately after taking possession of the Greek fire."
King Geoffrey cut into their conversation, asking Haddad, “Have you made a decision concerning our pirate crew?”
“I have decided to give them an opportunity to prove themselves,” Haddad said.  “I am shorthanded just now with most of our ship builders returned to Taz. I need them to crew the Phantom of the Seas. For now I will mix the two crews aboard the Phantom and the Sea Sprite until I am sure they are trustworthy. Then I will allow them a path to our navy if they are so inclined.”
“Good,” King Geoffrey said. “Now we will have a ship to add to our fleet.”
“Yes,” Haddad said.
Shalin smiled to note Admiral Haddad did not add what he was thinking. Our fleet of one ship.
Dagon joined the conversation commenting, “King Geoffrey tells me you have brought back all the materials needed for the establishment of a mint here in Fernland.”
“Yes,” the admiral said. “Soldad the Trader supplied me with a list of needed items which Governor Romanus was quick to fulfill.”
Queen Delphinia saw an opportunity to join the conversation. “We recently returned from interviewing an engraver in Lands End and found him wanting, but Electra tells me there is a better one in Helsop.” She looked at Geoffrey. “We should plan to go to interview him without delay, do you not agree?”
Shalin could see that Delphinia could not bear to be long-separated from her grandchild, Delphi. It seemed the child had captured everyone’s heart.
“Yes, I suppose we might plan a visit to Helsop once I have the new additions to our navy in order and our new mint set up,” Geoffrey said with a hint of pride.“Will you be leaving the King Gundar in King’s Lake then?” Geoffrey asked King Blackwell.
“Yes, with a few of my soldiers aboard for extra protection,” Blackwell said. “I can distribute the remainder of my soldiers aboard the Sea Sprite and the Phantom for the trip back to Henge.”
Shalin was now torn between wanting to stay in Henge to hear word of the outcome of Soldad’s efforts to break the siege and her intense desire to learn more about the source of her powers which had now proven to be part of her inherited blood line rather than a dubious gift laid upon her and her identical twin by an unknown hand.
Conversation ceased when a line of servants entered bearing platters of fish, lamb chops and venison which were placed atop a tier of carved wooden supports and lit up by fat aromatic candles on golden candelabras. Queen Delphinia and Chef Cristo had outdone themselves.

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Fernland

The morning after the sumptuous dinner in Fernland’s royal dining room, all the visitors to Fernland’s castle made ready to leave by ship for Henge. Even Electra and her family decided to go aboard the Prince Avor for the first leg of their journey back to Helsop.
After a leisurely breakfast in the royal family’s dining room, King Geoffrey and the other men and boys elected to leave early to take a tour of the King Gundar which was anchored at King’s Lake.
The women lingered over tea in the dining room to catch up on family matters.
Electra looked at her mother Queen Delphinia. “It is good you have the excuse of interviewing our engraver in Helsop to necessitate a visit there.”
“Yes,” Delphinia said. “I cannot yet seem to pry myself away from Delphi.” She turned to her sister Serafina. “I feel I must tell you the truth about Delphi and I know I can trust you not to tell Geoffrey. Delphi is Avor’s child. She is my true granddaughter but Geoffrey must not know as long as he and Avor are estranged.”
The twins watched their mother’s reaction to the news and found that she was surprised. “Why would Avor hand over his child to Electra?” she asked.
Electra answered for her mother. “Delphi has powers similar to those of Shalin and Esme. Both Avor and Cogatin feared Delphi would be ostracized or worse if the Barburee soldiers caught wind of it.”
Serafina nodded, looking with interest at Delphi. “What have you noticed so far?”
“She is able to call toys to herself when she wants,” Electra said.
“Yes, that is how it begins,” Serafina said, looking at Shalin. “Is Delphi the reason for your sudden interest in studying medicine?”
Shalin nodded sheepishly. “I was very excited to discover these abilities are a blood inheritance. I wish to know more about my roots.”
“My father, Fernland’s Minister of War, had some unusual abilities,” Serafina said, “but he kept them well hidden.”
“Father had special abilities?” Delphinia said. “I was never aware of it.”
“No, you were too engaged in the social life of the castle,” Serafina reminded her sister, “but he allowed me to sit in on war councils because I was a student of astrology and sorcery. I knew various methods of prediction, some more reliable than others. But I believe Father could read minds. That allowed him to be in agreement with Geoffrey’s father when the occasion demanded it.”
“I never knew any of this,” Delphinia said. “I barely remember Father, and Mother not at all.”
“Mother died too young of a fever,” Serafina said. “As far as I could see, she had no unusual powers.”
“Do you know our history before that?” Shalin asked.
“No, but there is a library here in Fernland’s castle. I know of a secret cache of scrolls there that contain some family records.”
“I know that library!” Shalin said. “I discovered it while staying here with Aunt Delphinia several years ago.”
“We have a library?” Delphinia asked.
Serafina laughed. “Yes, you do, though I am not surprised you never noticed.”
Delphinia frowned. “Will you show us where it is? This special hidden cache?”
“Certainly. I should like to see it again myself.”
They all stood to follow Serafina, even Delphi, tottering along on her short legs. When they reached the small library deep in the bowels of the castle, Serafina took them straight to a narrow bookcase that revolved to reveal a backside full of old scrolls and codices written in Old English.
“I spent hours here and never noticed this revolving bookcase,” Shalin said.
“I only saw it by accident when I entered once as Father was returning it to the more prosaic side,” Serafina said.
“Might we take some of the materials with us?” Shalin asked her Aunt Delphinia.
“I suppose so, since I would never have even known the library was here, had you not asked about your lineage. But the materials must be returned upon completion of your studies,” Delphinia said.
“Of course,” Shalin said. “I will take good care of them, and only as many as I can carry.”
“Very well then,” Delphinia said, her expression softening as she glanced at her grandchild. “It may be good for Delphi, too, to know the source of her special abilities.”
Shalin liked the phrase ‘special abilities’ better than the more often heard ‘unusual powers’ as a description.
“I wonder why I never inherited these special abilities,” Electra said.
“It seems rather hit and miss,” her mother agreed. “Perhaps if Avor has a son he will show no such abilities.”
“It might be a kindness to tell him that,” Electra agreed, “given the Barburee prejudices against evil spirits.”

Aboard the King Gundar, Gregor and Soren were marveling at the size of the ship’s hold.
“Where are you keeping Prince Oswald?” Gregor asked.
“He is aboard the Prince Avor in one of the cabins,” King Blackwell said. “We are treating him better than he deserves, allowing him meals and the freedom of the cabin.”
“Because he is a prince?” Gregor asked.
“Yes, I suppose so, and because we may yet be reconciled with Sandovia should his father agree to our ransom demands.”
“What ransom are you asking?” Gregor asked.
Dagon put his hand on his son’s shoulder. “That is none of your concern,” he cautioned.
King Blackwell smiled. “Possibly not, but since you asked I will tell you. We are asking for this ship as ransom.”
“The ship! It is as big as the King Geoffrey!” Gregor exclaimed.
“Not quite,” King Geoffrey amended.
“He will have to pay it. To get his son back, I mean,” Gregor said. “Unless he does not want him back,” he added, stealing a glance at King Geoffrey.
“That is enough,” Dagon said. “Stay quiet now and be content with listening.”
Gregor nodded, staying silent.
King Blackwell continued to smile. “There is that possibility. We have no proof that Prince Oswald acted on orders from King Gundar, though I would be surprised if that were not the case. There was a large reward offered for finding the source of Henge’s white powder and perhaps Oswald meant to collect that reward by guessing that our island must be the source.”
“Not a bad guess, in my opinion,” King Geoffrey said.
“But one that proved both wrong and costly,” Blackwell said.
Dagon knew enough from Electra’s hints that Oswald was not wrong in his thinking, but said nothing.
“Why have you decided to leave the ship here?” Dagon asked. “Could you not put it to use hauling cargo for Henge?”
“Actually I have your young Dag of Helsop to thank for that,” King Blackwell said.
“Dag advised you to keep it here?” Dagon asked, astounded by his nephew’s audacity in advising a king.
“No,” Blackwell said. “That was my idea, to keep it better protected from a possible raid by King Gundar. But it was evidently Dag’s idea that King Gundar might organize such a raid to take it by stealth from Henge’s harbor. It seems he and Esme were discussing what King Gundar’s reaction might be to our holding his ship for ransom.”
King Blackwell smiled before continuing. “That young scout of yours proved to be quite useful. Spared us a bit of bloodshed when he spotted smoke on the island we were about to leave.”
“I am very glad to hear it. You asked him to go along then?” Dagon queried.
“Yes,” Blackwell said, nodding, “and I am glad now that I did.”
I suppose I will have to give my nephew a pass in that case; he at least did not invite himself along, Dagon thought.

Chapter 51

Aboard the Sea Sprite

On the short voyage from Fernland to the port of Henge, Dag had been assigned to the Sea Sprite. Even though his only sailing experience had been confined to Helsop’s fishing boats, he could appreciate the expertise of the crew around him.
The men from the pirate crew, as King Geoffrey loved to call them, had been split between the Sea Sprite and the Prince Avor. Dag could see that Admiral Haddad was keeping a close watch on those aboard the Sea Sprite. The pirate leader was one of the men assigned to the Sea Sprite. Dag had learned his name was Stone.
Dag was aware of Stone watching him as he wound a line into a coil to keep it from cluttering the deck.
“Want to learn how to tie a bowline knot?” Stone asked Dag.
“I know how to tie a bowline,” Dag answered.
“How about a sheep shank?” Stone said.
“Never heard of that one,” Dag admitted. “What is it used for?”
“Lets you shorten a line without having to cut it,” Stone said.
“That sounds useful,” Dag said. “I would appreciate your teaching me to tie a sheep shank.”
The two men worked on the knot for a time until Stone jumped up to call out “Land ho! To the sheets, men.”
Dag smiled when he saw Stone clamp his hand over his mouth. He had evidently forgotten he was not the captain of the ship.
Admiral Haddad shouted what was likely the same order to his crew in the Taz language. He smiled at Stone. Dag could tell he was starting to like the pirate leader.
As the sailors aboard prepared to dock in Henge’s port, Dag prepared for an eventual reckoning with his militia leader, Dagon.
Since arriving in Fernland, Dag and Dagon had not been in one another’s company so he had not as yet been confronted with defending his decision to accompany Esme on the voyage to Africa.
In fact, he had not accompanied her – they had been assigned to different ships. He had no justification for his decision to go to Africa. He expected to receive a stern lecture from his militia leader if not a demotion back down to apprentice tracker. He sighed and went back to tying sheep shanks.
Aboard the Prince Avor, Shalin and Esme were busy making plans for their new life together in Helsop.
“Should we encourage Delphi in using her gifts or teach her to conceal her gifts as we were taught?” Esme asked.
“I do not know,” Shalin said, “but likely she will learn by our example. We have finally realized the value of using our gifts sparingly and secretly.”
“Speak for yourself,” Esme said. “I am not so sure I have learned that lesson, nor am I sure I wish to.”
Shalin smiled. “Then she will learn she has a choice where her gifts are concerned.”
“Will you really study medicine in Helsop?” Esme asked.
“Yes, I see it as a useful body of knowledge and I will hardly be able to avoid learning it in Helsop. But I want to spend some time studying the codices we found in Fernland’s library as well. There must have been a good reason for keeping them hidden and I hope to find that reason.”
“You are ever one for solving mysteries,” Esme said.
“And you?” Shalin asked. “You are a physician now. What will you do in Helsop where there is already a surfeit of physicians?”
“I will teach, of course, and spend time with Dag in the forest. I think there is a chance now of Father accepting him as a potential suitor. And I believe Dag sees that now as well.”
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “I could see in Father’s mind that he now welcomes Dag’s presence and values his opinions.”
Esme laughed and turned in a full circle with her arms flung wide. “I never dared to hope the day would come.”
“Do not forget Boris’s marriage proposal is still on the table. I do not believe Father ever sent a reply to Constantinople.”
“Nor can he, now the siege is in effect,” Esme reminded her sister. “I am sure Boris has other things on his mind right now and has likely taken the absence of a timely reply as a refusal.”
Shalin wondered if Soldad had been successful in breaking the siege and hoped they would soon have word from him.

As soon as the two ships were docked, King Blackwell strode down the gangplank of the Prince Avor and looked around in wonder at the numerous guards posted around and behind barriers all along the wharf area.
Spotting Sergeant Smythe, Blackwell asked, “Why have these barriers been erected?”
“Orders from Acting King Phinn,” Smythe said, saluting smartly. “Welcome home Your Highness.”
Soldiers streamed off the two ships, crowding the wharf area, many stopping to converse with friends – soldiers now actively guarding the wharf.
When all of the Blackwells had assembled on shore and Dagon’s family had joined them, they began the walk up the hill to Henge’s castle.
Halfway to the castle, Phinn appeared, running towards them from the castle.
“I saw your ship come in from the castle,” Phinn said, hugging his brother and his nieces in turn. “And the Sea Sprite as well. Young Soldad brought news of your success in Africa, but warned of a possible retaliation by King Gundar. So far that has not happened, thank the fates.”
King Blackwell smiled. “Not likely to happen since I have yet to inform King Gundar we have his son in our dungeon.”
Phinn shook his head slowly. “You do not seem worried by the attack which will surely follow. I can only assume you choose to live dangerously.”
“Is there any other way to live?” Blackwell teased. “Actually, I hope Sandovia and Henge can come to terms over Prince Oswald’s crimes. I will offer King Gundar the choice of a ransom rather than a war he cannot possibly win.”
“Yes, the ship, the King Gundar,” Phinn said. “But I did not see the great ship come into port.”
“We have left it in King’s Lake where it will be nigh on impossible to take back by force,” Blackwell said. “But I see you have not sat idly by. The wharf is now an area of armed resistance.”
“Soldad’s advice,” Phinn said, “and Dagon’s. I took it to heart. But I must admit I am anxious to hand over the mantle of kingship. It is a burden too heavy for my Gypsy nature.”
Blackwell shook his head. “I fear you did too good a job in my absence for me to forget. You are in jeopardy of being named acting king again, should I be forced to lead an attack by sea on Sandovia.”
“Then let us word the message to King Gundar very carefully. We do not want that to happen. Neither of us, I hope,” Phinn said.

Chapter 52

Kingdom of Fernland

Once the groups of returning travelers reached the castle, Serafina took over preparations to accommodate a large gathering. She drafted the twins, Admiral Haddad, Dag and Electra to move tables together to make a table that stretched the length of the room. More chairs were brought in from around the castle to seat everyone from actors to generals. Soldiers from the officers’ mess began bringing in cooked food to supplement Cook’s pantry.
When all were seated for this impromptu meal, King Blackwell stood and called everyone to attention.
“We have completed our mission to avenge the attack on our interests in Africa. In the process we have uncovered the instigators of this attack and taken possession of their ships as our due. Now we must set about defending our spoils of victory.”
Blackwell raised his glass of ale and all those seated did likewise. “The first toast is to my brother, Acting King Phinn, who took measures to defend our homeland in my absence.” He raised his glass in Phinn’s direction. “To Phinn,” he said, taking a sip of ale.
Phinn flipped up the fingers of his right hand in dismissal. “The generals did the work. I only passed on what counsel I had from others.”
“Next I should like to recognize young Dag of Helsop for his acuity in noticing smoke coming from the island we nearly passed by in our hunt for the pirates,” King Blackwell said.
Dag was so surprised to be honored in this fashion, he could think of nothing to say, but nodded gratefully as others raised their glasses in salute to him.
“And last but not least, I should like to call attention to those in Henge’s Army who adapted themselves to this mission at sea which netted a prize of two ships.”
The generals seated at the table nodded and smiled as they lifted their glasses of ale.
“We must not let down our guard,” Blackwell continued. “We will ask Sandovia for their ship in ransom for their prince, but we must be prepared for retaliation even though Henge has the moral high ground here. If need be, we will go to war at sea against Sandovia to secure what is ours by right.”
“Hear, hear,” rang out the voices of the generals.
“Now enjoy your well-earned victory meal,” Blackwell concluded.
Admiral Haddad, who was seated near King Blackwell, turned to ask, “When would you like me to leave on the next weapons’ run of the Sea Sprite?”
“A good question,” King Blackwell said. “With the Great Sea’s nations in conflict just now, a weapons’ run could be dangerous.”
Admiral Haddad nodded his agreement. “It might be well to wait and see if Egypt is successful in breaking the siege at Constantinople.”
“Perhaps a reconnaissance mission might be more profitable than a weapons’ run at this point,” Blackwell considered.
“I am at your service,” Haddad said, “though King Geoffrey might see a reconnaissance run as your turn and expect the Sea Sprite to go to Fernland on my return.”
“True,” Blackwell said. “I should not wish to upset our relationship with Fernland while the King Gundar is anchored at King’s Lake.”
Haddad nodded in agreement.
“I suppose even if Governor Romanus is unable to break the siege he will still wish to buy more weapons from us. How do you feel about sailing into a war zone with a load of weapons?” Blackwell asked.
“I feel it is intrinsic to my position as Admiral of Fernland’s Fleet,” Haddad said.
King Blackwell smiled. “We are fortunate to have you. And how do you feel about sailing armed with Greek fire?”
Haddad sat up a little straighter. “There can be no doubt about the danger of having fire that burns in water aboard a ship, but I am willing. King Geoffrey will not allow it on runs for Fernland. It might be well to have his agreement on using it for Henge’s runs as it does put the Sea Sprite in jeopardy.”
“Yes, I see your point,” Blackwell said. He turned to Dagon who sat two seats down to his left. “Did I hear King Geoffrey say he planned a visit to Helsop to interview an engraver there?”
Dagon looked up from his bowl of stew. “Yes, I believe he plans to come soon. It sounds as though he has all the supplies he needs now to begin minting coins.”
“Perhaps you could ask him when he arrives if he has any objections to my sending the Sea Sprite out with Greek fire aboard. For that matter, do you have any objections? You are a partner as well.”
“I will leave that between you and King Geoffrey to sort out,” Dagon said. “As far as I know we have a backlog of weapons orders to fill in Helsop just now, with more foreign traders coming daily. I have no need of adding our trade goods and weapons to your cargo. But I will send you word of King Geoffrey’s opinion on the matter of Greek fire as soon as he arrives.”
“Very well,” Blackwell said, turning his attention back to Admiral Haddad. “You may as well make yourself at home here in Henge for a few days. Would you care to stay at the castle or in the officers’ quarters?”
“I prefer to stay with my ship,” Admiral Haddad said.

The twins had been taking all these toasts and conversations in, attuned to thoughts as well as spoken words.
Esme was still centered on her plans for finding a navy, should Henge be forced into a battle with Sandovia. When her father mentioned the possibility of a battle at sea on Sandovian waters, her plan seemed even more essential.
Shalin was aware of her sister’s priority, but the acquisition of a navy did not hold much interest for her. She had been solely focused on watching Delphi from the moment she learned that there was another person in the world that shared some or all of the twins’ gifts.
Catching the eye of Electra, who sat next to Shalin holding Delphi on her lap, Shalin asked quietly, “Have you seen any signs as yet of her calling powers?”
Electra nodded. “She will often pull a toy closer with her mind, but lately I see her looking at me when she does so, perhaps to see if I approve. I think perhaps Avor was in the habit of reproving her for such actions.”
“Very likely,” Shalin said. “I imagine he was horrified to realize his daughter inherited questionable gifts.”
Electra smiled. “Yes, I believe he was firmly in Barburee’s camp on the issue of dark powers until it hit so close to home.”
“Do you mind my coming to study medicine in Helsop as an excuse for wanting to study Delphi?” Shalin asked.
Electra laughed. “No,” she said, lowering her voice when heads turned at her laughter. “I will accept any reason for your coming to my school of medicine. I always thought you would be the one to become a physician. You have the heart for it.”
“So does Esme,” Shalin argued.
“Yes, she has grown into it, though her love for animals still takes precedence.”
“I thought I might translate your Fish Book into English while I am there,” Shalin said.
“Would you?” Electra asked. “I would be so grateful. I am making some headway on my own, but I would treasure your input.”
“We will have the winter to ponder it,” Shalin said.
“The first Helsop winter I shall truly look forward to,” Electra said, hugging Delphi closer against her chest.

Chapter 53

Siege at Constantinople

Soldad de Medich stood at the helm of the Sea Dancer, keeping his two companion ships in sight as they neared Constantinople. His father’s ship, The Logos, and the warship from Egypt were slightly ahead of him as they emerged from the strait into the Sea of Marmara. They could see the ships sent by Governor Romanus already attacking the Ottoman fleet stationed along the coast of Constantinople. The exploding arrows and hand balls were having an effect, but the attacking fleet was small in comparison to the Ottoman fleet fending off the attack.
Soldad had already given over his weapons to the captain of the Byzantine warship. He knew his father’s crew had only swords for hand to hand combat. He was not sure the Sea Dancer would be any use, except perhaps for ramming an enemy ship, and even that could possibly do more damage to his own ship than to the enemy’s.
He watched as the Byzantine warship carrying Greek fire closed on a ship that was shooting flaming arrows at another of governor Romanus’s warships. The floundering warship’s sails were in flames and most of the crew was too busy fighting the fire aboard to mount an attack of their own against the attacking Ottoman ship.
The Byzantine captain was still sneaking up on the Ottoman ship from the side when suddenly a stream of Greek fire blasted out enveloping the Ottoman ship in a blaze of eerie green fire.
Sailors leapt from the burning Ottoman ship only to find the water beneath their ship was also burning with an obscene intensity.
Other Ottoman ships in the vicinity were quick to flee from the Byzantine warship which was already moving on to a new target. Crews from nearly Byzantine warships were cheering the fate of their enemies and gaining new impetus to fight.
Soldad felt a mix of horror and gratitude. He watched in awe as the Greek fire continued to spread havoc among their enemies. Soon the whole of the Ottoman fleet was in disarray, abandoning their positions to escape certain destruction.
The siege was broken, at least by sea. The waiting ships filled with grain for a starving city would now be able to supply the residents of Constantinople. Soldad hoped he would find his family and his emperor alive and well.
The victorious ships sailed to the wharf where the first arrivals were able to tie up. Others would have to anchor out. The waiting ships full of grain from Egypt were given precedence.
The Sea Dancer anchored out beside The Logos. Soldad was quick to jump into a shore boat along with his first mate and row over to his father’s ship.
“Come aboard our shoreboat,” he called up to his father. “We will go ashore and find Mother and Tome. I have given my crew leave to go ashore and find the families.”
Felix de Medich climbed down to join his son and first mate in the shore boat. “I have told my crew the same,” he said.
All three men were quiet for a moment before Felix asked, “Did you see it? Did you see how the green fire consumed the Ottoman ship?”
“I did,” Soldad said. “I fear it is a sight that will reappear in my dreams.”
His father nodded. “It was like the finger of God coming down on a flea.”
“Do you think we should have stopped to gather up food?” Soldad said, wanting to change the subject. “I just now thought of it.”
“Yes, we likely should have,” Felix said. “But another hour will not be crucial. We will bring them back to the ship for a proper meal. If we had food with us, it would likely be taken from us in any case, before we reach the villa.”
“Yes, very likely,” Soldad agreed.
They pulled up on the beach and dragged the small boat ashore along with the crowd of others coming in from ships.
The city was in pandemonium. Those who had watched the battle at sea from atop the city walls were already swarming the grain ships tying up at the docks.
Those who had come ashore bringing food were quickly stripped of it. Most gave the food happily, others who were bound for the homes of friends or family gave it up grudgingly and a few refused, fending off those demanding it.
Soldad and his father held their empty arms out to show they carried nothing with them and were allowed to pass by hungry residents.
The two men ran quickly up the road to their villa where they found the gates locked and the windows shuttered. They shouted out the names of their family: “Valeria, Tome, Helena. It is Soldad and Felix come home. Let us in.”
A shutter opened on an upstairs window and a pale, thin face looked out. His mother, Valeria, still alive.
Valeria’s hands flew to her face and she managed a weak wave before she closed the shutter and disappeared. She reappeared a minute later at the open door of the villa and stumbled out to unlock the gate.
“We had to lock it,” she apologized. “Everyone thought we had food, but we did not.” She fell into her husband’s arms.
“I will fetch Tome and the servants,” Soldad said to his father “We will bring everyone aboard your ship.”
Soldad rushed through the villa, waking up emaciated servants and ordering them to join his father at the gate. He found Helena curled up beside the pool in the bathhouse. Thankfully, the aqueducts had not failed. “We are here to feed you,” Soldad said gently, “but we must go first to our ship. Can you make it there?”
Helena’s eyelids fluttered open. “I was asleep,” she said.
“Yes, you were. Do you know where Tome is?” he asked.
“No,” she said. “He may be hunting.” She fell back to sleep. Soldad lifted her up and carried her to the gate where the others waited.
“I have not found Tome yet,” Soldad said. “Helena said he may be hunting.” As they spoke, they noticed a thin young man coming up the hill, holding a bundle in his hands. “I have some grain off the ship,” he said, his voice sounding hollow and detached.
“Tome,” Soldad shouted, running to hug his brother. “This is good. You have wheat. Bring it along to the ship. Our cook will make it into bread.”
“Bread, yes,” Tome said, weaving dangerously on his feet.
“Let us go to the ship,” Felix told his family and servants. “We will all have bread.”
Everyone seemed to take heart at this news and they made their way slowly down the hill to the beach.
Their own shore boat was gone, so they commandeered others at random and piled everyone into three boats. Soldad tied one behind his own and rowed both while his father rowed the third.
When they reached their two ships, they found them surrounded by hungry people in shore boats, demanding food.
Those crew members back aboard with their own families were throwing down small offerings, but guarding their ships from being boarded with raised swords.
“When Felix’s crew saw their captain, they threw down the rope ladder and kept the hungry strangers busy catching pieces of bread and fruit while the family boarded.
Felix carried his wife up on his shoulder where eager hands were quick to pull her aboard.
Soldad did the same for Helena. Then he followed his brother up the rope ladder, pushing him from below. They assisted the servants that needed help to board in the same way.
Felix ordered his crew to weigh anchor and Soldad did the same with hand gestures to his own crew aboard the Sea Dancer.
Soon they were sailing away from the hungry city, confident that the remaining residents would soon have full bellies and be returned to a state of civility.

Chapter 54

Sea of Marmara

Soldad and his father started their starving household members on broth and biscuits, hoping their fragile bodies would be able to tolerate that. All seemed to respond quickly and some of the malaise began to fade.
“What of our neighbor, Boris?” Felix asked his wife. “We did not think to check on him.”
“He is likely all right,” Valeria answered him. “He left early on to stay at the palace with the emperor.”
“Yes, I am sure the emperor had more reserves than most,” Felix agreed.
“We had more than most, but we shared with those who came to our door,” his wife said. “I know it was foolish, but how could I turn away hungry people?”
“Had you refused, they would likely have taken your food by force,” Soldad consoled, though he felt the anger seeping into his mind. He should have been there to protect his family’s stores.
“Yes, very likely,” Valeria agreed. “How did the blockade fail?”
“We were able to procure the fabled Greek fire from Henge,” Felix told her.
“So Serafina was successful in her research?” Valeria asked.
“She was,” Soldad said. “I had to make an unexpected voyage to Africa to earn the right to procure it. That is what delayed my return. Thank God you were all able to hold on.”
“Our emperor owes much to Henge and to you,” Valeria said. “He was likely close to surrendering.”
“Do you feel sufficiently restored to pay him a visit?” Felix asked. “I should not delay too long in giving my report.”
“Perhaps one more small meal,” Valeria said. “This time with some chunks of meat in the broth.”
Felix smiled. “I shall speak to the cook.”

That evening the two ships The Logos and the Sea Dancer, returned to Constantinople to find the crowds disbursed and civil order returned to the city.
Byzantine soldiers, heavily armed, patrolled the city. A curfew was in effect and Soldad’s family was questioned extensively before Soldad and Felix were allowed an audience with the emperor to give their reports.
When at last they were ushered in to make their report, Felix and Soldad were greeted with exuberant affection.
“Our heroes,” the emperor declared, coming forward to hug Felix and Soldad. “My son, Governor Romanus, has been telling me of your part is saving the city.”
Governor Romanus came to stand beside his father, reaching forward to shake hands with Soldad. “I have told father how you sent us weapons from Fernland using gold dust from Africa in payment, and how you arranged for a delivery system for Greek fire to be built in Taz.”
Felix beamed with pride as he put his arm around his son’s shoulder. “The price for Greek fire was my son’s cooperation in a raid on pirates in west Africa.”
“So you are not only an excellent trader but a warrior as well,” the emperor boasted on his behalf. “You have saved our city and I have found a suitable reward. You and your father will be the new governing partners of our colony at Thessalonica.”
“But the governor there…” Soldad objected.
“All dead, the whole family, I am sorry to report,” the emperor said. “They were killed by Ottoman soldiers going overland to secure our western land border. But now that the siege is broken and the news of Greek fire is out, our army will soon have the province back in Byzantine control.”
“A governorship?” Felix said. “I never imagined such an honor.”
“A well-deserved honor,” the emperor said. “And I am sure the province will thrive under your resourcefulness. Will you accept?”
“We will,” Felix said. “We shall be partners in governance?” He looked to his son for confirmation.
“If that is your wish,” Soldad said, smiling at his father.
 Emperor Licinius looked at Soldad. “But while we are clearing out any vestiges of Ottoman control, would you be willing to make one more voyage to Henge to procure more Greek fire? I should not like to run short while we still have pockets of resistance.”
Soldad bowed to his emperor. “I am ever at your service.”
“Wonderful,” the emperor said. “But you must delay your departure until we have had a proper banquet to celebrate. Your household is well, I trust?”
Soldad tamped down the urge to say the emperor would know the answer to that if he had bothered to check on them during the siege. “They are well,” he said instead.

The next day was one of celebration and chaos as Soldad’s family came to terms with a move to Thessalonica.
“I will be home now so much you will soon tire of my company,” Felix teased his wife.
“Never. I have prayed for this day,” Valeria insisted. “Though I never expected to be the wife of a governor.”
“A co-governor,” Felix amended. “The honor extends to Soldad.”
“You may exclude me from the title,” Soldad said, laughing. “I intend to remain a trader for the time being, and it seems I am to be a weapons runner as well.”
“Everyone is talking of the fury of Greek fire,” Valeria said. “I do not like to think of you in such close proximity.”
“Hopefully our army will soon be able to discern the composition of the mixture and we will be able to re-create the fire here in Constantinople. I know some of the ingredients to make a start,” Soldad said.
“I am happy to hear it,” Valeria said. “And now I must excuse myself to make myself presentable for tonight’s festivities. It has been some time since I gave thought to my appearance.”
“No worries there,” Felix said graciously. “You always outshine the stars.”

Soldad found his brother giving thanks for their rescue, fingering the beads of his rosary.
“Mother says you likely saved their lives by hunting for meat during the siege,” Soldad said to Tome.
Tome shrugged. “I am not much of a hunter but I was lucky some days to bring home a rabbit or a waterfowl.”
“Not luck, I am sure,” Soldad said. “Are you at peace with the move to Thessalonica?”
“I am at peace wherever I am,” Tome said. “But I still intend to make a move to a monastery as soon as Father is ready to accept my chosen vocation.”
“He may hope for your help in governing the province after it is secured by our army,” Soldad said.
“He would soon see I am not suited to such a position,” Tome said.
“Might you try it before rejecting it?” Soldad asked.
“I will if that is what he wishes, but I already know what the outcome would be.”
“And what is that?” Soldad asked.
“I would turn authority over to my assistants while I spent my time painting or in prayer.”
Soldad laughed. “How have you come to know yourself so well?”
“By following my instincts,” Tome said.
“My instincts are not so forthcoming as yours,” Soldad said. “I now find myself conflicted between wanting my old life as a trader and settling into a governance of Thessalonica, working to see that province thrive and reach its full potential.”
Tome tilted his head as he studied his brother. “Would a family of your own fit better into one plan or the other?”
“That thought had occurred to me,” Soldad admitted.
Tome smiled. “I did note a certain affection on your part for one particular girl.”
“And now the possibility of having that girl as my wife seems more attainable,” Soldad said.
Tome laughed and slapped his brother on the shoulder. “Good luck to you, Brother,” he said.

Chapter 55

City of Constantinople

After an extravagant evening filled with food and entertainment, Soldad and his family left the emperor’s palace and returned to their villa, still in shock over their new status. The celebratory dinner had been an elaborate affair with the Byzantine officers dressed in their medal-laden uniforms and the women in their most expensive jewels and silks. An entire roasted boar had been brought forth on an enormous silver platter by three strong men. The entire de Medich family was drowsy from so much food and drink. They spoke in awed voices of what their future lives as a governing family might embody.
“Should we keep our villa here?” Valeria asked her husband.
“I do not know,” Felix said. “We should wait until it is safe to take up residence at the governor’s palace in Thessalonica. We may have to come here often to report to the emperor. We may need a place to stay while we are here.”
“We have many decisions to make,” Valeria said.
“We have time,” Soldad said. “There is no need to decide anything yet. You should concentrate on regaining your strength.”
“Where should I live now?” Helena asked. The fate of her family was still unknown. Some on the defeated Byzantines had been allowed to leave only to be attacked again three days later just outside Bayrut. It was likely her family members were all killed and their bodies discarded. 
“With us, of course,” Valeria said. “Unless you wish to stay in Constantinople. But at least come with us to Thessalonica to see if you could be happy there.”
Soldad felt Helena seemed relieved to hear these words.
“Yes,” Helena agreed, “I should at least go to see it.”
“I believe the emperor wishes me to leave quickly for Henge to bring back more Greek fire,” Soldad said. “I may not have the option of going there with you.”
“We will make no decisions about living arrangements until you return,” Felix assured him.
“I had a thought on being offered such a high position,” Soldad said. “I have great affection, as you know, for Princess Shalin of Henge. I wondered with this elevation in our family’s status, if I might appear eligible as a suitor for her hand in marriage.”
Valeria smiled. “I believe she is extremely fond of you as well.”
“Yes, I think so,” Soldad said. “Do you suppose I should make an offer?”
“Of course you should,” Valeria said. “What do you think, Felix?”
“I have never met the girl, but if Soldad likes her, I know I shall like her as well.”
“Would you help me to draft a petition to present to her father, King Blackwell?” Soldad asked.
“Yes, we can do that right now if you like,” Felix said. “I know the sooner the emperor sees the Sea Dancer set sail, the happier he will be.”

Soldad and Felix sat in his father’s office to compose their offer.
“I remember you said you first met Princess Shalin in Antok during the earthquake and you felt she saved your life there through a miracle from God.”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “I still remember it well. Masonry was falling all around Tome and me. It felt safer to stand our ground then to try running in any direction. Stones seemed to change path in midair to fall away from us.”
“And you attributed this miracle to angels?” Felix asked.
“Yes, I thought them angels for many years, though now I suspect it was angels working through children. They – Shalin and her twin – were very young at the time.”
“Your mother speaks of the twins as rather forthright in their manner,” Felix noted.
Soldad smiled. “While they were visiting here, they were attempting to seem peculiar since their father King Blackwell hoped for a royal match for his daughters and they hoped to avoid any such petition from our neighbor, Boris.”
“They are very independent then,” Felix surmised.
“Yes, very. Esme seemed to have taken an instant dislike of me, but Shalin always seems pleased to be in my company.”
“And you in hers?” Felix asked.
“Yes, I confess I miss her even now.”
“Then we must word this very carefully,” Felix said, “and emphasize our close ties to the emperor.”
Soldad smiled. “Yes, exactly so.”

The next morning, Soldad gathered his crew and provisioned his ship for the long voyage to Henge. He knew he might have to stop along the way if the seas turned deadly, to continue his voyage in the spring. But he thought it mete to show the emperor that he meant to set about garnering more Greek fire as soon as possible. He might stop and take a look at Thessalonica along the way.

The Sea Dancer sailed out of Constantinople’s port that afternoon and by evening they were navigating along the coast of Thessalonica.
Soldad looked at the gathering clouds and ordered the crew to come about as they took shelter at Thessalonica’s port.
“Since we are here, I will take a brief look at the city come morning,” Soldad told his first mate.
The next morning he was up early and set out in a shore boat alone to take a look at the governor’s palace. He stopped at the beach when he saw arrows flying overhead and heard the sounds of battle.
He took cover behind a crumbling seawall and watched as Byzantine troops attacked a detachment of Ottoman soldiers that had taken refuge in a church.
The fighting was still ongoing and he quickly realized it was not a good idea to be even here, behind a wall. There was no possibility of announcing himself as the new governor while the battle for the city was still in question.
He rowed back to the Sea Dancer as quickly as possible.
As he came aboard his ship, he said, “Storm or no, we set sail at once. If need be we will take refuge further down the coast. The battle for this city is still in progress.”

They set sail and plowed through larger and larger waves before Soldad ordered, “Whatever port comes next, we will take shelter there and wait out the storms until spring if necessary.”
They reached the port of Corinth and set anchor there, drenched to the skin by a sudden squall, but safe, as Soldad considered his options.
There is no reason to rush to Henge. I could not return with Greek fire until spring in any case and I would not want Shalin or her family to view Thessalonica while the battle still rages. We need only stay here until it is safe to go on.

Chapter 56

Village of Helsop

After a day spent in celebration at Henge’s castle, Electra and her family along with both Esme and Shalin departed overland for Helsop. They were a happy group, eager to recount more of their recent adventures as they stopped that evening to set up camp midway between Henge and Helsop.
Dagon harassed his nephew Dag relentlessly about his new attachment to Henge. “I suppose King Blackwell will be asking for your help again the next time he has need of the smoke-sniffer,” Dagon said as they sat around the campfire. “Perhaps you can become an expert on that front. Specialize in discerning exactly which wood is being burned and where that wood comes from.”
Dag did nothing to defend himself, only smiled good-naturedly. Esme could see in her friend’s mind that he still expected a dressing-down from his militia leader for agreeing to go to Africa in the first place.
Shalin continued to watch Delphi like a hawk watches prey. Delphi had begun watching Shalin in return. If Delphi had thoughts they must have been in the Barburee language, because Shalin could not see them. The child spoke a little English thanks to Avor, but other than warning everyone not to take her new doll by saying “mine” when anyone seemed interested, she stayed silent.
Shalin tried to make friends by offering pretty stones or wildflowers, but Delphi was absorbed in rocking her doll or putting her doll down in makeshift beds for naps.
Electra was equally solicitous of Delphi, singing her songs and offering her bits of food which Delphi accepted as her due.
Esme was happy to be reunited with Dag, and wondered if she should apologize to Dagon for her part in including him in their voyage to Africa, but decided that would only escalate the teasing. She hoped Dagon would eventually tire of it. In the meantime, she was ecstatic over her father’s new view of Dag, as a valuable asset to Henge’s army.
The small tensions within the group around the campfire only served to sharpen their wits. They all loved one another as family, which they were.
“I hope the school of medicine has not suffered in my absence,” Electra said to Dagon.
Dagon smiled. “And I hope my militia is still intact. We are fortunate to have dependable people to leave in charge.”
“I hope Skadi is all right,” Gregor said. “We were gone longer than I thought we would be. I should have brought her with us.”
“My family loves dogs,” Dag said. “They will have taken good care of both Fang and Skadi.”
“She may have fallen behind in her training,” Gregor argued.
“We will soon catch her up,” Dag said as he coiled a thin length of rope from his hand to his elbow. “I learned a new knot while I was aboard the pirate ship. I could teach it to you if you like.”
“A new knot?” Dagon said, apparently interested. “What is its use?”
“It is used to shorten a rope without the need to cut it.”
“I should like to learn that as well,” Dagon said. “Perhaps we shall have some small return on your investment in time spent in Africa after all.”
Dag uncoiled his rope as Electra gave Dagon a hug.
Everyone watched as Dag demonstrated. “It is called a sheep shank,” he said, tying the knot slowly.
Dagon mimicked the lesson first, pulling on the completed knot to test it. “Simple but slip-proof. You learned this from the pirates?”
“They were actually seamen, only paid to act as pirates. They tied knots I could not begin to replicate—ones they used to attach two ships together in order to pull them from a cave. They used ropes as levers anchored to rocks and trees – whatever was nearby.”
“Where were these seamen from originally?” Dagon asked.
“I believe their leader was from Sandovia originally. I think he recognized Prince Oswald. Others may have been from Manoa. That is where the brothers who own the Island Hopper come from. Both are seafaring kingdoms.”
Dagon nodded slowly. “That will put King Blackwell at a disadvantage if he takes his fight to Sandovia. In all the years Henge has been a seaport kingdom, it has concentrated exclusively on building an army, never a navy.”
“That is likely because their foremost enemy was always Fernland, which can be reached by land,” Electra said.
“Yes,” Dagon agreed. “Hard to believe we are now all allies. I would never have dreamed that was a possibility twenty years ago.”
“Shalin is going to try to find us a navy,” Esme said.
All eyes turned to Shalin.
“You have been enlisted to find a navy?” Dagon asked.
“Only by Esme,” Shalin replied, glaring at her sister. “And I only promised Esme that I would ask Soldad if he knew of any displaced group of sailors looking for sanctuary. With all the wars going on around the Great Sea, the losers in the conflicts sometimes find themselves without countries to return to. Much like the Taz people who now make up Fernland’s small navy.”
“A navy of experienced sailors would be a great gift to Blackwell now that he has a new ship, if indeed he is forced to take his fight to Sandovia,” Dagon said.
Shalin did not want to consider the possibility that Soldad and his crew might have no country to return to, should Greek fire fail to break the siege. “Is it too late in the season to expect news of the siege in Constantinople, do you think?” Shalin asked.
Esme could feel the nip in the air that spoke of coming cold. “It may be,” she said. “Once the storms set in, we will likely have to wait until spring to hear the outcome.”
“Perhaps Helsop’s traders, those who travel overland, will bring news,” Shalin asked hopefully.
“Even land traders find places to hole up before chancing a journey to Helsop in winter,” Electra said. “Many winter in Helsop, waiting for their orders for weapons to be filled, but few travel in or out. So yes, to answer your question, it may be too late.”
“Have you fish enough to provide for all who plan to winter in Helsop?” Shalin asked.
“Hopefully,” Dagon answered. “We will still have a few fishing days left when we get to Helsop, but I expect our fishermen have built up a good supply in our absence.”
“We should all sleep now,” Electra said. “We still have a ways to go tomorrow before we will have answers to our questions.”
They all roused themselves from the comfortable warmth of the campfire and set about preparing for a cool night in tents.
Esme lingered as Dag made sure the campfire was properly banked and they had wood enough to start a small fire for breakfast in the morning.
“Will we still have time enough for at least one hunt in the forest before winter closes in?” Esme asked.
“Yes, one successful hunt, I hope,” Dag said, sniffing the air for scents of snow.
“Was it worth all the mocking you must endure now from Dagon? Our trip to Africa?” she asked.
Dag smiled and looked deep into Esme’s eyes. “It was worth a lifetime of mocking. It was a trip I will always hold close, whatever the eventual outcome of my decision turns out to be.”
Esme could see clearly that Dag no longer thought a marriage to her a complete impossibility. She returned his smile and nodded. They both knew they now had reason to hope.

Chapter 57

Village of Helsop

As Shalin along with her sister and Electra’s family neared Helsop, she could see all the new structures going up on the borders of the village. The new Helsop Inn was completed and open for business. The school of medicine had a new wing, extending the rooms where students stayed. Other additions to existing houses dotted the village.
“Where do you stay now?” Shalin asked Esme.
“I stay in the castle,” Esme said.
“Is there room for me there?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, of course. I know Electra expects you to stay there,” Esme said.
Electra dismounted her horse outside the school of medicine. “I just need to check on things here,” she told her companions. “You may all go on to the castle if you want.”
“I need to look in at the command center,” Dagon said.
“I need to find Skadi,” Gregor said.
“I’ll go with you,” Soren added.
“And so will I,” Dag said. “Skadi will be with my family and Fang.”
“I need to check Yeshua’s Bower to see if I have any wounded animals,” Esme said.
Shalin thought briefly that she was the only one who had no obligations here and felt a bit adrift. “I suppose I should meet some of the students if I am to join their ranks,” she said, dismounting with Electra at the school of medicine.
While everyone rushed off to their appointed tasks, Shalin, Electra and Delphi walked through the door of the school.
Coco immediately announced Electra’s arrival with his usual phrase, “There she is.”
The students were busy making tinctures at the dining table under Isa’s supervision, but all stopped work to welcome Electra home and begin asking questions about the new little girl. Most of the students likely assumed Shalin to be Esme as they did not question her presence.
“Who is this little beauty?” Isa asked, kneeling down to look at Delphi, who held Electra’s hand with one hand and her doll with the other.
“This is my newly adopted daughter, Delphi,” Electra said. She turned toward Shalin and announced, “And this is Shalin, Esme’s twin sister who has decided to become a student here at the school of medicine.”
When the crowd around Delphi grew too large, a few of the students came to welcome Shalin, commenting on how exactly she mirrored her twin.
“How shall we tell you apart?” A student named Egrit asked.
Shalin thought for a moment, then smiled. “I will be the one carrying a book.”
Egrit laughed. “Yes, that should work. Esme is not much attracted to books.”
Shalin felt she may have made her first friend at the school. “How do you feel about books?” she asked.
“I am a great lover of books,” Egrit said. “I write every day in my journal.”
“What a good idea,” Shalin said. “I hope to translate Electra’s Fish Book into English while I am here.”
“You know Greek?” Egrit asked, astounded.
“Yes, quite well now,” Shalin said.
“Please, please, say you will teach me. There is so much I wish to read in Greek,” Egrit said.
“I would be happy to,” Shalin agreed.

Esme found her animal hospital empty of wounded animals. Only her two parakeets, Yancey and Nancy remained.
“Do you remember me?” Esme asked.
“You are Yancey,” Yancey said.
“Yes,” Esme said, laughing. “You do remember. I am Esme.”
“I am Esme,” Yancey said, ruffling his feathers.

That evening, as Electra, Shalin and Esme were setting dinner on the table in the castle’s kitchen, a militia soldier came through the door.
“King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia are coming up the hill in their royal carriage,” he told Electra.
“My, my,” she said, smiling. “Mother did not waste any time in coming.” She looked down at Delphi who was sitting atop a cushion on a chair at the dining table, stacking wooden blocks together. Electra put her finger on Delphi’s nose in a playful gesture. “And I believe you are the one to blame.”
Turning her attention to Shalin and Esme, Electra said, “We had best add a few more vegetables to the stew.”

When everyone had gathered, Dagon from his militia headquarters, Gregor and Soren with Skadi, and King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia newly arrived from Fernland, they all sat down to dinner.
Queen Delphinia was quick to claim a seat beside Delphi. “How has Delphi fared on your travels from Fernland to here?” she asked Electra.
“Perhaps she does have Gypsy blood,” Electra joked, “she seems to thrive on travel.”
Everyone except King Geoffrey knew that a better explanation for her love of travel would be nomadic blood, but no one said so.
“With those dark eyes, it is very likely,” King Geoffrey said, rather stiffly.
Delphi picked up her doll and held it close as she looked at her grandfather. She must have sensed some distain in her grandfather’s comment. She gazed at him steadily and said, “Mine.”
King Geoffrey flinched at the fierce gaze trained on him and smiled. “Yes, of course. Delphi’s doll.”
Delphi seemed to relax a bit and nodded. “Delphi’s doll.”
Electra looked at her mother. “I do not think you could have given her a better gift. She is so protective of her doll. She sleeps with it at night.”
“Of course she does,” Delphinia said, leaning down to kiss the top of her granddaughter’s head. “She is a very caring little girl.”
“Your mother insisted we come right away to interview this engraver you have in the village,” King Geoffrey said. “It does appear we have all the materials we need now to begin minting coins, thanks to Soldad the Trader and Admiral Haddad.”
“Have you heard any news of the siege in Constantinople since we left?” Shalin asked him.
“No, but we did hear a rumor from a ship that came into King’s Lake two days ago. The ship’s captain said there were a series of early storms there. It seems as though all the ships that sail the Great Sea are already down for the season. We will likely not hear any news now until the spring thaw.”
“Yes, I see signs here of an early winter, too,” Dagon said. “We are getting in as much fishing as we can before the first snow.”
“Perhaps we should cut our visit short,” King Geoffrey said, looking at his wife.
“You must stay a few more days,” Electra said. “I am planning a celebration.”
“What are you celebrating?” King Geoffrey asked.
“It is a surprise,” Electra said.
“In that case, we must stay,” Delphinia said, looking gratefully at Electra.
“Our rooms at the inn are ready,” King Geoffrey said. “I see signs of new building throughout Helsop.”
“Yes, the inn was completed just in time,” Dagon said. “We have a few traders planning to stay the winter. They fear they will not find ships to take them from Lands End back to the Great Sea, should they attempt to return home. And speaking of ships, King Blackwell asked me to question you on a matter concerning his next run to the Great Sea, which will now likely be delayed. How do you feel about allowing Greek Fire aboard the Sea Sprite? They are set up to use it now, but he knows you felt it too dangerous for your own runs.”
King Geoffrey was quiet for a moment. “I suppose I will leave the decision to him for his own weapons’ run. It is a risk to the ship to have it aboard, but it is also a risk not to have it now that Greek Fire has been turned loose in Constantinople’s war with the Ottomans. Once new weapons appear, there is no turning back the clock. Though I consider us all fortunate to have lost the secret of Greek Fire for so many hundreds of years.”
Dagon nodded his agreement. “I will send him a message.”

Chapter 58

Village of Helsop

After their evening meal, Shalin followed Esme to her room in the castle’s loft.
“This is the best room in the castle,” Esme said proudly.
Shalin looked around at the sparse furnishings – an iron bed, an easel for Esme, and a nightstand with an oil lamp perched atop it. Esme’s clothes hung on nails pounded into a wooden board affixed to the stone wall.
“What makes it the best room?” Shalin asked, curious.
“It is directly above the kitchen. The flue runs all the way up to the outside. When the fire is going and even after, the heat rises up to our room.”
“Ah, I see,” Shalin said, smiling.
Esme removed several of her clothes from single nails to hang double with others. “There. I have freed up room for your clothes in our closet.”
Shalin laughed. “Tidying up should be a breeze here.”
“Exactly,” Esme said. “I do not mind the paint smell, but for your sake I will move my easel to the courtyard.”
“You have made me feel most welcome,” Shalin said.
“Good. I want you to stay,” Esme said. “Even though I know it is Delphi who excites your curiosity – not me.”
“Not true,” Shalin objected. “I find you both unique and of interest.”
Esme smiled. “You would. But speaking of Delphi, what do you make of her possessive defense of her doll?”
Shalin smiled. “She saw a bit of hostility in her Grandpa Geoffrey’s words. She has a warrior’s heart. Her first instinct was to protect her loved ones – her doll.”
“A warrior’s heart? Do you suppose that comes from Avor or from Cogatin?” Esme asked.
“From both I would imagine. They are both too brave for their own good.”
“How can one be too brave?” Esme asked.
“If one is too quick to brave danger head-on, it can take the place of rational thought. I believe our father shows a good mix of bravery and rational thought. He is not quick to choose battle over strategy.”
“Yes, I can see that,” Esme said. “Let me guess – you lump me into the class with Avor and Cogatin.”
Shalin smiled, but said nothing, causing Esme to read her mind. You would have made an excellent Barburee soldier.
“I will have you know I have become much more devious and plotting of late – much more like you,” Esme said.
Shalin threw a pillow at her sister.
“Is that bravery or aggressiveness I see coming out?” Esme said, laughing as she caused a pillow to fly up of its own accord and hit Shalin on the shoulder.
Shalin laughed and they were soon chasing one another around the loft with clothes and pillows flying through the air.
Finally, worn out, they collapsed on the bed, laughing. They slept long and deeply.

The next morning Shalin was early to rise. “We should go downstairs,” she said. “I believe King Geoffrey intends to interview the engraver this morning.”
They both dressed quickly and ran down the stairs to the kitchen, taking seats at the far end of the table. At the other end, King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were interviewing Eric the Engraver who was busy drawing a likeness of King Geoffrey’s profile as he spoke.
“It is best to stamp the face in profile, as such lines can be more definite. To do a frontal view demands more shading, a thing not possible with the engraver’s tools now available,” Eric said.
“We have engravers’ tools from Egypt,” Delphinia said, “if that makes a difference.”
“No,” Eric said. “I have spoken to traders from Egypt. They are much the same.” He rose from his seat and turned the image he had been drawing in King Geoffrey’s direction. “What do you think?”
Delphinia clapped her hands together. “It is Geoffrey. You have captured him.”
Geoffrey looked a little less certain, having never observed his own profile. “It is?” he asked.
Electra stopped her work at the kitchen board and came to look. “It is, Father. That is exactly your profile.”
“In that case,” Geoffrey said, “would you take on the job of making a pattern for our coins?”
“With pleasure,” Eric said. “Would you like me to come to Fernland to do the work?”
“If that would not be too much of an inconvenience,” King Geoffrey said.
Eric smiled. “With an early winter coming on, it would be a great pleasure to move to a lower, milder climate.”
“Excellent,” King Geoffrey said. “We plan to leave early the day after tomorrow.”
“I will be ready,” Eric said, bowing and rolling up his sketch.
“We only need to stay for the surprise celebration,” Delphinia said.
Shalin read her aunt Delphinia’s mind to see if she knew what the celebration was for. She saw there it was to celebrate the completion of the Helsop Inn.
Esme read Electra’s mind for the same reason. There she saw that the celebration was to be for the adoption of Delphi into the family.
Most curious. The twins exchanged their own thoughts.
The evening before, Shalin and Esme had busied themselves with the thoughts of others who might know the purpose of tomorrow’s celebration and got various answers. It was to celebrate the end of a successful fishing season, or the acquisition of so much new lumber or the victory over the Vagans.
“How can everyone be thinking different things?” Esme relayed the thought to her sister.
Perhaps it is to be a surprise to everyone, Shalin returned. A celebration to celebrate whatever one is most thankful for.
That must be it, Esme agreed. A day of Thanksgiving. Not a bad idea.
Esme planned to meet Dag for a hunt in the forest that day and Shalin had agreed to meet with Electra and Egrit to begin translation work on the Fish Book.
Esme stood up from her seat at the dining table, gathering a few biscuits in her apron and said, “I am to meet Dag at the stable. We plan to ride out to the falls and begin our hunt from there.”
Delphinia looked to Electra and Dagon to put a stop to such a dangerous idea, but Dagon said only, “Good luck. We could certainly use more venison.”
Shalin stood as well and reminded Electra, “And we are to meet Egrit and begin work on the Fish Book.”
Queen Delphinia was quick to pursue her own agenda. “Perhaps if you are to be working, I should come along to distract Delphi.”
Electra looked gratefully at her mother. “That would be such a welcome assistance.”
King Geoffrey looked at Dagon and his grandsons. “What do the three of you have planned for the day?”
“I need to help with bringing in the Vagan ships we have converted to fishing boats,” Dagon said. “We will be casting the nets one last time and then bringing them in for the season.”
“May I come along?” Gregor asked.
“May I, too?” Soren asked.
“Yes,” Dagon said. “We could use your help.”
“And could you use the help of an old king as well?” Geoffrey asked.
“All hands are welcome,” Dagon said. “The boys and I even have a new knot to show the members of our crew.”
“A new knot is always a useful thing,” King Geoffrey said, smiling.

Chapter 59

Village of Helsop

The next morning there was frost on the windows as the twins awoke and burrowed out from under their blankets.
“We are to meet at the inn this morning,” Esme reminded Shalin. “There is to be a breakfast there followed by some kind of event.”
The twins chose their most festive clothes and tried to do one another’s hair in the same fashion that Sophie, the servant of the de Medich family, had taught them.
“Do you suppose Sophie and the others are still alive?” Shalin asked as Esme plaited a long braid around her head, pinning it in place with iron combs.
“I should think so. The family is wealthy enough to have large amounts of food on hand.”
“I would so like to have word of Soldad’s safety,” Shalin said. “And now it seems we will have to wait the whole of winter to hear any news.”
“Yes, I worry for him and especially for his brother Tome. Tome has a special place in my heart for introducing me to the world of art.”
“You should have plenty of time for your art over the winter months,” Shalin noted.
Esme sighed. “Yes, but I shall so miss my forays into the forest with Dag. Yesterday was like a dream. We left our horses by the falls to graze and walked hand in hand following Fang on the scent of the deer. We scarcely spoke. There was no need.”
“No need? But Dag cannot read your thoughts,” Shalin said.
“He almost can by now. We both know things have changed with Father. He now respects Dag and would like to have him full-time as a part of Henge’s army. That would certainly be possible were we to marry or be engaged to marry.”
“But what of Father’s obsession with royal blood?” Shalin asked.
“Father has come to see royal bloodlines change quickly when kingdoms are at war. If you are a king with no kingdom what use is royal blood?”
“Yes, I see your point, and likely, as you say, Father does as well. Better to have an army capable of safeguarding your kingdom than to have relatives of royal blood expecting to be served.”
“Exactly,” Esme said. “Now that Dag and I see which way this new wind blows, we are content to bide our time and enjoy each other’s company.”
Shalin sighed. “What I would not give to be aboard the Sea Sprite right now, in Soldad’s company.”
“He will be here come spring, if not to see you, to buy more exploding weapons and Greek fire,” Esme said, putting in a last small comb in Shalin’s hair. “Finished. You look very fetching if I do say so myself.”
“As do you,” Shalin assured her sister. “Shall we go to put in a good appearance at the surprise celebration?”
“Definitely, if there is to be an accompanying breakfast,” Esme said.

When the twins entered the Helsop Inn, everyone stopped talking and looked at them.
“Happy sixteenth birthday,” Electra said. “Come and see your gifts.”
The twins exchanged a surprised glance. Today is our birthday?
“How did you know?” Shalin asked, “When we did not even know ourselves?”
“And how did you manage to surprise us?” Esme asked.
“One question at a time,” Electra said. “Serafina told me. She keeps track of the stars and the days. And for your next question, keeping the secret was difficult. I told each person something different, and any time the subject came up I would switch my own thinking to our recent adoption of Delphi. But it was not easy.”
Shalin and Esme were both shocked. No one had ever been able to keep a secret from them before. It was an extremely unsettling feeling.
Esme smiled. “You certainly succeeded. I could not have been more surprised. So all this is for us?”
Electra returned her smile. “By now everyone has come to think of it as a celebration of many things. But late last night they all knew the truth as we worked to put together the celebration. The gifts are last minute, but they are given with love.”
Shalin and Esme looked at the collection of gifts that ranged from homemade gourds filled with paint to pressed flowers and iron hair barrettes.
“These are wonderful,” Shalin said. “I shall treasure them always.”
“Thank you all so much,” Esme said. “I have never been so surprised in my life.”
Electra looked out over the crowd and announced, “And now let us all have some breakfast.”
“Oh, thank the fates,” Esme said, “I was not sure if that was still part of the surprise or not.”
Electra laughed. “That part is very real. Your Aunt Delphinia volunteered to be in charge of the breakfast.”
Queen Delphinia stepped aside from the table near her to reveal a buffet of sweet breads, eggs, smoked fish and fruit.”
Soon everyone was either carrying away plates full of food and sitting at the tables around the inn’s dining area, or standing close to the fireplace.
“Sixteen, is it?” Dagon said as though that number held some significance. He smiled. “King Blackwell will have his hands full now.”
Electra frowned at her husband. “No teasing. You have a daughter of your own now.”
This thought did seem to have a sobering effect on Dagon’s countenance. “Yes, where is that little girl?”
“Where do you think?” Electra asked. “With her grandmother of course.”
Dagon nodded and looked down with a disappointed glance to find his plate empty. “Any more of those eggs?” he asked.
“If you hurry,” Electra said, smiling.
“Why is age sixteen so significant in Dagon’s eyes?” Shalin asked Electra after he had left to peruse the buffet.
“Here in Helsop, it is the age when families allow their daughters to be courted by potential suitors,” Electra said. “It may be different in Henge.”
“It is different,” Esme said. “Father has already begun looking for royal matches for Shalin and me. I have already had one offer of marriage from Boris of Constantinople, who is the great nephew of the emperor.”
“I had no idea,” Electra said. “And how did your father answer?”
“I think he wants to wait and see who emerges victorious from the siege,” Esme said.
“Yes, I suppose he would,” Electra replied. “But surely you will have some say in the matter.”
“Yes, I believe now I will,” Esme agreed. “I think father has come to believe a royal bloodline is not so important as he previously believed.”
“I believe my own father has come to the same conclusion,” Electra said, looking over to see her father and husband laughing as they filled up their plates at the buffet. “And a good thing both kings have now seen the light.”
Shalin and Esme could not agree more.

The End

This book is dedicated to Anya, my youngest grandchild, who drew the picture of the bats flying out from the cave.

