Royal Twins Shalin and Esme Book 7 A Marriage Proposal
by Dory Lee Maske

Copyright © 2022 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Stephen Macias

Smashwords edition 2022

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske



Book 7 A Marriage Proposal

Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

It seemed as though the village of Helsop had awakened from a long sleep. The past winter had started early and remained severe, claiming lives among the elderly. News of the ice breakup on Cold Lake produced a ripple of activity among the residents of the small village.
“Did you hear?” Electra asked the twins at breakfast.
“Of the ice breakup?” Esme asked to be sure that was the news Electra was speaking about.
“Yes, of course, the ice breakup,” Electra said.
“Yes, Dag came by the clinic this morning on his way to the lake,” Esme said. “The men are anxious to get the boats out to go fishing.”
Electra nodded. “We are almost out of food for the village. Dag and Maki bagged another deer two days ago, but that was only venison enough to flavor a stew for so many.”
“Old Joki died during the night at the clinic,” Esme reported. “And Dorian the Master Sword maker came by last evening for a tincture. His arthritis is bothering him and he says it is affecting his work.”
“I knew Joki’s time was close. What did you give Dorian?” Electra asked.
“I gave him willow bark and a ginger tea,” Esme said. “He has begun spending more time at the inn where Tandor and his wife can see to his meals.”
“The willow bark should ease the pain,” Electra said as she stirred through the large cauldron of porridge that hung from the fireplace.
Shalin sat listening as she brushed Delphi’s hair. She had taken over most of Delphi’s care, freeing Electra to concentrate on her students and those in the village who needed help. Delphi called her ‘Alin and usually looked to her when she needed comforting.
Dagon came through the kitchen door stamping the snow from his boots at the threshold. “The boats are in, but we are staying close to shore until the ice stops heaving.” He looked at Esme. “I heard Joki died during the night.”
“Yes, he was tired and gave up the fight to stay alive,” Esme said. “He asked me to say farewell to all before he breathed his last.”
“He was a good man,” Dagon said sadly. “I will miss him.”
“As will I,” Esme said. “He always had a joke for me.” She smiled. “His jokes were appalling!”
“Yes, he was noted for his bad jokes that usually made no sense,” Dagon agreed.
“Will there be a funeral?” Esme asked.
“Of course,” Dagon said. “As soon as the ice clears, we will send him off on a burning raft. He was a warrior and a craftsman.”
“The porridge is ready,” Electra announced. “We still have a bit of last year’s honey to sweeten it.”
Everyone scooped up their own bowls of porridge as two sleepy boys came into the kitchen.
“Did you sleep well?” Electra asked her sons.
“Gregor kept stealing all the blankets,” Soren complained.
“The fishing boats are in and the ice has broken,” Dagon told his sons, before an argument could gather momentum.
“May we go fishing?” Gregor asked.
“Yes, after you have your breakfast,” Dagon said.
“Delphi go?” Delphi asked from where she sat at the table, attempting to feed herself a spoonful of porridge.
Dagon laughed. “No, Delphi, you are too young. Do you even know what fishing is?”
Delphi was quick to put a thought into Shalin’s mind. Do I know?
Shalin smiled. “Fishing is when you lower a net into the water and hope when you bring it out of the water you have captured some fish you can cook and eat.”
Shalin could see that Delphi was still unclear about the concept, but she did not want to miss out on any adventure. Delphi had the heart of a lion.
“Perhaps later I could bundle Delphi up and we could ride to Cold Lake and watch you fish from shore,” Shalin said to Dagon.
“Bundle up good,” Dagon warned. “There is still a cold wind coming off the lake.”
Delphi signaled her keenness for the idea by banging her spoon against her bowl.
“Your daughter would make a good replacement for you as head of the militia,” Electra noted.
“Perhaps you have something to do with her disposition,” Dagon said, “being in charge of so many students.”
Electra laughed and put a bowl of porridge in front of each of her sons.
After breakfast, Esme said she was going to get some sleep. She had been awake all night at the clinic and was having trouble keeping her eyes open.
Shalin helped Electra clean up the kitchen and then set about finding some warm clothes for herself and Delphi.
“We will not stay long at Cold Lake,” Shalin promised Electra. “I will bring Delphi to the school of medicine when we return.”
“Good,” Electra said. “I am doing a lecture on poisonous plants today that you will not want to miss.”
“No, we will both want to hear that, right Delphi?” she asked, looking at her small cousin.
Delphi slammed her spoon against the table by way of answer.

At the stable, Shalin chose a gentle horse to saddle for the trip to Cold Lake. She settled Delphi in a patchwork of leather strips with buckles that she pulled tight around her waist and shoulders before mounting her horse.
“All right. We are ready to go and see what fishing is all about.”
“Delphi go,” the small girl said with great authority.
Shalin smiled as she thought about Electra’s comment. Being head of Helsop’s militia was not a big enough command for her young charge. Head of the Mongol army was likely a more fitting goal.
As they set out at a leisurely pace, Delphi hammered on Shalin’s back. “Go fast,” she ordered.
Shalin pressed her knees against the horse’s flanks and gave a flip to her reins. The horse picked up speed and settled in to a trot.


When they reached the lake, the men on the boats just offshore were hauling up their net. The net was not full but it looked as though there were a few fish weighing down the bottom.
Some great chunks of ice were still moving on the lake and their movement hid the presence of two men walking along the north shore until they were close at hand. One of the men was waving, trying to draw someone’s attention on the fishing boats, but the fishermen were all too involved in their work to notice.
Shalin waved back and directed her horse toward the two men. They were not from the village. One wore a saffron-colored long tunic beneath his heavy for coat. He looked Oriental. The other man had a long beard and wore a heavy coat that looked to be made of bearskin. He could have been one of the Hammer Haven men, but Shalin did not recognize him as such.
The bearded man smiled and spoke to the man beside him in a foreign tongue, then
nodded at his companion’s reply and addressed Shalin. “My friend is so thankful to have found you at last. His people are dying and he says you, their goddess, are the only one who can save them.”
Shalin looked at the two men for a moment before saying, “You had best come with me to the school of medicine.”

Chapter 2

Village of Helsop

Shalin walked back to the village from Cold Lake leading her horse and carrying Delphi on her back. The two visiting strangers walked beside her. The man who spoke English was a trader named Gerd who had learned the language of the Silent Men from his father, who was also a trader. They were only silent when their goddess was absent, Gerd told her.
“I am not their goddess,” Shalin assured Gerd. “Nor is my twin sister, though they believe her to be. But I am taking you to speak to her. Her name is Esme. If the men of his village are dying, she may be able to help. She is a physician.”
“A physician may be more helpful than a goddess just now,” Gerd said. “I buy honey and wool from them. It’s terrible to see them dropping one after another and no reason for it.”
“We have a school of medicine here in the village. Many physicians. I am sure they will be able to help,” Shalin said.
“But you are not a physician?” Gerd asked.
“No, I am a new student. I still have much to learn,” Shalin said.

They entered the school of medicine and found Electra and Esme setting out poisonous plants for the day’s lecture. “You are back sooner than I expected,” Electra said to Shalin. “And who have you brought with you?”
“This is Gerd the Trader,” Shalin said, “and his friend, one of the Silent Men. They have come seeking help. The whole village of Silent Men seems to be in danger of dying.”
The Silent Man was now speaking rapidly to Gerd and pointing to Esme.
Esme stepped forward and put her hand on the arm of the Silent Man. “Ask him if he is sick as well,” she said to Gerd.
Gerd spoke to the man and translated his answer. “He says he tires easily, but has felt better since leaving his sanctuary on the mountain.”
Esme thought back to her time at the sanctuary. She remembered the evil feel of the clay statue her mother had brought to replace her as an object of devotion. Her mother and Electra and Lars the Trader had come to rescue her after the Silent Men had kidnapped her, believing a three-year-old Esme to be their reincarnated goddess. They had been kind to Esme, giving her wolf pups for pets, but Serafina hated the kidnappers with a passion.
Electra had stopped her work with the poisonous plants to pay attention to the Silent Man’s story. “Ask him what the symptoms are among those dying,” she ordered.
Gerd asked the man and translated his words, “They become lethargic with no appetite. Some begin to vomit and then they die.”
Both Esme and Shalin glanced at the table strewn with poisonous plants.
“Do you remember the clay statue my mother brought to leave with them?” Esme asked Electra.
A slight shiver ran through Electra’s features as she thought back to the day they had rescued Esme. “You were only three years old. How can you remember that?”
“The clay statue felt evil to me,” Esme said. “I put a thought in the minds of the Silent Men to take it far away and throw it into the deepest part of the river.”
Electra nodded. “It was meant to kill them all by releasing noxious fumes when the sand timer turned over. It must have deteriorated and released its poison into their water.”
“I need to go and set this right,” Esme said.
“I am also responsible,” Electra said. “I did nothing to stop your mother. They did kidnap you, after all. I felt she was justified in wanting revenge”
Esme shook her head. “They believed they had the right – that I was their goddess.”
“We must speak to Dagon,” Electra said. “Someone needs to go and pull that statue from the river.”
“I will go,” Esme said. “I made a promise long ago. I told them in their minds that I would return.”
Electra frowned “You were three years old and they kidnapped you. That is not a promise you should feel bound by.”
“But I do,” Esme said. “I made the promise in good faith. I have been planning to go back for some time now.”
“Back to stay?” Electra asked.
“No, of course not,” Esme said. “I need to convince them that I am not their goddess.”
Electra gave a protective glance at Delphi who was looking over Shalin’s shoulder, taking everything in while she clutched her doll tightly. “You need to convince them that this whole idea of a goddess is fantasy before they kidnap another child.”
“Who is to say they are wrong?” Esme asked. “Their previous goddess stayed her whole life with them. Perhaps she really was their goddess.”
“Surely you do not believe that,” Electra said.
“No, I do not, but the point is, they do believe it. Beliefs can be a terrible thing,” Esme said.
“So can poison,” Electra said. “We need to speak to Dagon at once.”
“They are still out fishing,” Shalin said. “I could go back to the lake and ask him to come here.”
The students were beginning to amble into the dining area, ready for the morning’s lecture. A few were looking over the plants.
“Please do not touch anything on the table,” Electra called out. “All of those plants are poisonous.”
“I will go out and speak to Dagon,” Esme said. “You go ahead with your lecture. And Shalin, you need to stay and hear the lecture too. This is something I must set right in any case.” Esme turned to Gerd. “We think we know what is making the Silent Men sick. I am going to speak to our headman to see if I can go back to the sanctuary with you. In the meantime, I will take you to our inn where you can have a meal and wait.”
“This is most kind of you,” Gerd said. “You may be saving many lives.”

Esme walked to the inn beside Gerd and the Silent Man. “You need to advise the Silent Man that I am not the one they seek. I may be able to help because I am a physician, but I am not their goddess. I have certain other gifts, but I would know if I were their goddess. I am not.”
Gerd nodded and spoke to the man beside him, then listened to his reply. “He says you may not know it, but if you can save them, you must be their goddess.”
Esme took a deep breath. “Tell him I will not help him unless he acknowledges that I am a physician, not a goddess.”
Gerd shrugged. After a brief conversation, he said, “They will do as you order. If you order them to believe you are not their goddess, then that is what they will believe.”
Esme narrowed her eyes suspiciously at the Silent Man, then said. “All right, I suppose that will have to do.”

After leaving the two men in Tandor’s care, Esme stopped at the stable and chose a fast horse. She rode at a gallop all the way to Cold Lake and arrived as the men were tossing their caught fish ashore to be cleaned and put into barrels of brine.
She found Dagon talking to Deimos about the day’s catch.
“Esme,” Dagon said. “What brings you out to the lake?”
“I need to go to the Silent Men’s sanctuary. And I probably need a guide. The last time I went there I was only three years old.”
Dagon appeared dumbfounded for a second. “What has precipitated this sudden decision?”
“They are dying from poison my mother left there.”
Dagon turned to Deimos. “Are we done here?”
Deimos nodded, staring at Esme.
“Let’s ride back to the village while you fill in a few details,” Dagon said to Esme.

Chapter 3

Kingdom of Henge

King Blackwell sent a message by land to be sent on to King Gundar of Sandovia by ship from Lands End. In the message he informed King Gundar that he was holding Gundar’s son, Prince Oswald, captive in Henge’s dungeon until such time as a ransom was agreed upon. The ransom he demanded was the ship, King Gundar. The fact that he was already in possession of the great ship was a significant bargaining chip.
 Blackwell did not expect to hear back from King Gundar immediately, but he was ready, should King Gundar decide to attack Henge in lieu of bargaining for his son’s release. The sea was now free of ice and spring travel had resumed. Surely, some response on King Gundar’s part would soon arrive.
At breakfast with his wife and his brother Phinn’s family, King Blackwell had an idea. “I believe I will have Prince Oswald brought up from the dungeon to join us for breakfast.”
“Is he to be our guest now, rather than our prisoner?” Phinn asked.
“He may have an idea as to how his father will react to our demand for ransom. After a winter spent in our dungeon, I imagine he will be starved both for good food and conversation. Perhaps in an improved situation he will let some clue escape that will help us to prepare.”
“So we are to treat him civilly?” Serafina asked, “We will not mention his attempt to steal our secrets, commandeer our cargo of guano and take our workers captive?”
“Yes, we will treat him as a royal guest,” King Blackwell said. He stood up from the table, walked through the kitchen, much to Cook’s surprise, and called down to Keys, the dungeon guard.
“Bring up our prisoner to the dining room. Tell him he is invited to breakfast.”
King Blackwell took his seat at the dining table and waited.
A few minutes later, Keys brought up a thin man with long unkempt hair and beard in tattered clothes and chains.
“Ah, Prince Oswald, please join us for breakfast,” Blackwell said.
Keys unshackled Prince Oswald’s hands but left the chains on his feet.
Prince Oswald blinked in the light and looked around in a dazed fashion. He began eating quickly as soon as a plate was put in front of him.
“I thought you would be interested to know we have sent a message to your father demanding a ransom for your return to Sandovia,” King Blackwell said.
Prince Oswald continued to center all his attention on the eggs and biscuits in front of him.
“I regret to say we have had no reply as yet,” King Blackwell continued.
Prince Oswald looked at King Blackwell briefly as a bit of color came into his pale face. “May I have some of that bacon?”
“Of course,” King Blackwell said. “Phinn, could you pass the bacon down?”
Prince Oswald shoveled most of the bacon left onto his plate and began chewing..
“I suppose I could send another message in case the first message went astray somehow. What do you think, Prince Oswald?”
Prince Oswald looked at his captor with a detached expression as he surveyed the table for more food. “I believe my father will murder you in your sleep. I am surprised you are still alive.”
“I see,” King Blackwell said. “We should not detain you further. I am sure you are anxious to get back to your residence.” He motioned to Keys.
Prince Oswald grabbed one more biscuit and stuffed it into his mouth before Keys had time to put shackles around his wrist.
As soon as Oswald was taken back through the kitchen, Blackwell turned to Serafina. “It appears Oswald agrees with my thinking. King Gundar is more likely to attack than negotiate. We should probably tighten up our defenses here in Henge and warn King Geoffrey of a possible raid on King’s Lake.”
With most of the food gone, their breakfast appeared to be finished. “Phinn, would you like to join me for an inspection of our defenses down at the wharf?”
Phinn shrugged. “I doubt I would have any worthwhile suggestions, but I will go along for the company if you like.”
“You have imagination and that is a good start,” King Blackwell said. “Put your imagination to work on what means King Gundar might employ in a surprise attack on our port.”
Phinn smiled. “That I can do,” he agreed.
As they walked to the harbor, King Blackwell continued to strategize. “Between the two possible targets, his son here in our dungeon and his ship anchored at King’s Lake in Fernland, I believe the ship would be the more attractive target, but the release of his son the more possible of the two. King Gundar has likely send out spies to gather information, so he will know by now where both his ship and his son are being held.”
 “Yes, that seems a reasonable assumption.” Phinn appeared thoughtful for a moment. “Does King Gundar’s wife hold much sway over him? Or might his daughter in Sandovia?”
“I do not believe he pays much mind to his wife,” King Blackwell said, remembering a quiet, subservient woman who was once a guest of King Geoffrey. “I am not so sure about his daughter. Why do you ask?”
“I imagine they must both be quite distraught over the loss of their son and brother and would champion his cause above that of the ship,” Phinn said.
“Yes, very likely,” Blackwell said. “So you think that might push him to lean more toward an attack on Henge?”
“If it were my son, I know which way I would lean, but King Gundar seems to have different priorities. Even so, if he values his daughter’s affection, it might be a factor,” Phinn said.
“Yes, I agree.” King Blackwell smiled at his brother. “See, I told you your advice would be valuable.”
“Is that the Sea Dancer coming into port?” Phinn asked, looking ahead to the wharf area.
“It is indeed,” King Blackwell said, watching as the ship’s sails deflated. “I expect we shall finally have news on the success or failure of the siege at Constantinople.”

They walked past the guarded barriers that bordered the wharf area and stood on the dock to welcome Soldad de Medich the Trader to Henge.
They saw Soldad waving at the bow of his ship.
“He seems happy,” Phinn said. “Constantinople must have prevailed.”
“Ahoy there,” King Blackwell called out. “Welcome to Henge.”
Soldad slithered down one of the ropes thrown out by his men and bowed courteously before King Blackwell. “I am at your service, most gracious of monarchs,” he said.
“Were you able to break the siege then?” Blackwell asked.
“With the assistance of your most valuable weapons, Constantinople has prevailed. For my part, I am now made co-governor of Thessalonica along with my father. And emboldened by my new rank, I bring an offer of marriage between myself and your daughter, the most esteemed Princess Shalin.” He looked around, obviously disappointed that Shalin had not come down to meet him.
King Blackwell took a second to digest so much news all at once. “Come up to the castle,” he said. “It seems we have much to discuss.”

Chapter 4

Kingdom of Henge

King Blackwell, Ambassador Phinn and Governor Soldad took seats at the dining table.
Serafina, who had retired to her library, heard voices below and came down the stairs to join the men.
Soldad was immediately on his feet, bowing before Queen Serafina. “Your Highness,” he said. “Thanks to your revolutionary creation, Constantinople has prevailed. We are all forever in your debt.”
“There is no debt,” Serafina said. “You bartered the use of your ship to carry our soldiers to Africa for our Greek fire. Congratulations on your victory. Your family survived the siege?”
“Yes, thank you for asking. They are well and resettled now in Thessalonica, where my father and I have the honor of being installed as co-governors.”
“Thessalonica?” Serafina said. “I am not familiar with the province. What is of note there?”
“I speak as governor now, of course,” Soldad said with a smile. “It is a most beautiful seaside community, mild of climate, rich in resources and history. It has a busy port with long fingers of land jutting out into the Great Sea. A province I would be proud to make available to you and your family.”
King Blackwell spoke up. “Governor Soldad has asked for Shalin’s hand in marriage.”
“I see,” Serafina said. “In that case I should like very much to see Thessalonica and I assume Shalin would as well.”
“Is Shalin well?” Soldad asked. “She was not at the port today.”
“Shalin has decided to study medicine at Electra’s school in Helsop.”
“We have a university in Thessalonica where she might continue her studies,” Soldad offered.
“She is only fifteen years old,” King Blackwell said.
“Actually she is sixteen years old now,” Serafina said.
“When did that happen?” Blackwell asked.
“Last fall, soon after she left for Helsop,” Serafina said.
“She may prefer to study in Helsop since she began there,” King Blackwell said.
“Perhaps I should send a message to her in Helsop and find out,” Serafina said. She knew her husband was reluctant to contact Shalin, recognizing his smitten daughter would likely agree immediately to the marriage.
“Yes, but it may still be too snowbound over the pass just now to allow travel,” King Blackwell hedged.
“I would be honored to carry the message to her myself,” Soldad offered. “I have always wanted to see this village of Helsop.”
“No, that is not necessary,” King Blackwell said quickly. “Any one of my soldiers could find a way. But this is a decision that I must make. As my wife has indicated it would be well if we could visit Thessalonica before making the decision, but I fear I could not possibly leave just now. We are in a state of war here, anticipating an attack from King Gundar of Sandovia.”
“I had hoped we could count on another delivery of weapons from the Sea Sprite,” Soldad said. “Will that be delayed as well?”
“No, the Sea Sprite will be leaving soon with weapons from Henge,” King Blackwell said. “We could send them to Thessalonica if you would prefer.”
“That is very kind of you, but Thessalonica is still far from the Ottoman threat. Please send them as usual to my emperor in Constantinople. And please add more Greek fire to the order.”
“Perhaps Shalin and I are not needed here in Henge just now,” Serafina said. “Might we be allowed to go and take the measure of Thessalonica?”
King Blackwell frowned at his wife. “Yes, I suppose it would be well if you were removed from the threat of attack. But keep in mind that I must make the final decision and must, of course, visit Thessalonica before making that decision.”
“Of course,” Serafina said. “I shall go now and compose a message to Shalin informing her of Soldad’s offer.”
“And warn her that this school of medicine in Thessalonica may not accept women,” King Blackwell added.
Governor Soldad smiled. “As Governor of Thessalonica, I can assure you that that is no longer the case, if it ever was.”
After Serafina left to write her message, King Blackwell turned back to his guest. “We are faced here with preparations for an uncertain attack,” he said. “As governor, you will likely soon be faced with similar situations. We hold Prince Oswald in our dungeon and have as yet no answer to our ransom demands from his father King Gundar. We hold both his ship and his son hostage. This should be a good exercise in your readiness to govern. Which do you think he might reach for first? His son or his ship?”
Soldad looked at King Blackwell. Was this a test or did he really want Soldad’s opinion? “I did not see the King Gundar when we arrived in port. Such a large ship would not easily escape my notice.”
King Blackwell smiled. “Most observant of you. I have arranged with King Geoffrey to leave the King Gundar anchored at King’s Lake, with soldiers from Henge living aboard it.”
“A good decision, I believe,” Soldad said, nodding. “The estuary leading to King’s Lake is well guarded and the series of locks both coming and going make a surprise attack there impossible.”
“Yes,” King Blackwell agreed. “So he must attack here at Henge first, to try to free his son from our dungeon.”
“Not necessarily,” Soldad said. “The King Gundar is not really your ship until you begin to make use of it. King Gundar may bide his time and wait to take back his ship when it ventures out to sea if he feels his son is in no danger here in Henge’s dungeon. The fact that he has as yet made no move on Henge shows that he is not given to impulsive acts.”
King Blackwell was silent for a moment. “How would such an attack at sea as you envision unfold?”
“King Gundar would wait until the big ship was too far from shore to have a hope of any assistance from that quarter. If he were a very patient man, he could send spies to watch for regular routes once the big ship is set to work. Then he could pick a port where he sees an advantage. Perhaps one where he has allies. He could pick the time and the place and take the ship back with overwhelming force.”
“Of course this is all speculation,” King Blackwell said. “It may be that King Gundar is only waiting for calmer seas to pay the ransom demanded and secure his son’s release.”
“Very likely,” Soldad said, “especially considering Sandovia was proven to be the instigator in this wrongdoing.”
“Exactly,” Blackwell agreed.
When Serafina returned with her sealed scroll to be delivered to Shalin in Helsop, King Blackwell said, “I shall take it down to the garrison to be delivered.” Turning to Soldad he said, “Perhaps you would like to return to the wharf with Ambassador Phinn and me. We were just looking over our preparedness for an attack by sea. You could give us your opinion on the barricades. It would be another good exercise for you in your new capacity.”
Soldad put forth his most engaging smile. “With great pleasure,” he said.

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Manoa

King Gundar walked into the office alcove in his suite of rooms at Manoa’s castle to find his wife, Queen Hilde, sitting at his desk, reading a scroll. His face turned from anger at her presumption to fear as he realized what she was reading.
Queen Hilde looked up, tears already gathered at the corners of her eyes. “How could you? Your own son? How long have you known he was in Henge’s dungeon and said nothing. What kind of man are you to be so indifferent to your own child’s suffering?”
“You had no right to read my correspondence,” Gundar huffed. “What are you doing in here anyway?”
“I have brought you a letter that was marked urgent. A letter I intend to read before I give it to you,” Hilde said, brushing her tears away with a quick swipe of her hand.
“You will give me my letter immediately,” King Gundar shouted.
Their daughter, Queen Elka, appeared at the door to their suite. “What is this shouting about?” she asked.
“Your father has known for some time what has happened to your brother and decided we had no need to know. Oswald is being held in the frozen north, in Henge’s dungeon.”
Elka’s beautiful face froze in an expression of shock. “Is this true, Father?”
King Gundar’s bluster disappeared. “I only wanted to check on the truth of King Blackwell’s assertions. I have sent out spies to verify Oswald’s whereabouts and the location of our ship, the King Gundar. And now your mother refuses to give me the letter which is likely the answer to those questions.”
“We shall see,” Queen Hilde said, drawing a scroll from the pocket of her gown. “I will read it aloud.”
King Gundar wanted to snatch the letter away from his wife, but thought better of it with his daughter Queen Elka present. It was the generous hospitality of his daughter’s husband King Gallos of Manoa that allowed him to spend most of his time here in beautiful Manoa rather than his own kingdom of cold, rocky, windswept Sandovia.
Queen Hilde broke the seal and unrolled the scroll. She took her time flattening it out on his own desk before beginning to read aloud.

To King Gundar of Sandovia
I regret to inform you that I have been able to verify King Blackwell’s claim that your son, Prince Oswald, is, in fact, in Henge’s dungeon. By all accounts he is still alive.
As to the matter of your ship, the King Gundar, it took some searching to locate it. I finally found it in an unexpected location. It is presently at anchor in King’s Lake in Fernland with Henge soldiers living aboard.
I would advise caution in trying to retake the ship in its present location. Due to the series of locks along the estuary, an attempt to regain it would involve battles with each group of Fernland’s guardsmen along the way, and knowledge of the mechanisms that regulate the locks.
I am presently in Henge awaiting further orders. An attempt to free your son from Henge’s dungeon would also be difficult and would likely be met with overwhelming force.
Respectfully submitted,
Your servant Eric the Spy

Queen Hilde looked up from her reading to glare at her husband.
“Why would King Blackwell have taken your ship and put Oswald in his dungeon?” Elka asked. “I thought he was making a good deal of money from you by selling you exploding arrows to keep Sandovia’s pirates at bay.”
Queen Hilde narrowed her eyes at her husband. “You know. I can see the guilt in your eyes,” she accused. “What have you done?”
“Will you stop your accusations and let me think?” King Gundar demanded. “King Blackwell hates us. That is why he charges exorbitant prices for his exploding arrows.”
“You are hiding something,” Queen Hilde said. “What is it?”
“Oswald was trying to find the source of Henge’s white powder. There is nothing wrong in that. It is what nations must do to survive,” Gundar said.
“Perhaps an apology for whatever Oswald was doing would suffice to free him,” Elka said.
Hilde held up another scroll. “King Blackwell accuses us of piracy. He says he has witnesses to the piracy. He is demanding a ransom for Oswald’s release.”
“What is his ransom demand?” Queen Elka asked.
“The forfeiture of our ship, the King Gundar,” Hilde said.
King Gundar took two strides over to the desk and grabbed both scrolls from his wife’s protection. “This is my problem to solve. I will not have you interfering in questions of sovereignty.”
“My son’s welfare is certainly my business,” Hilde cried.
“I need to speak to King Gallos about all this,” Elka said, turning to leave the room.
“Wait,” King Gundar said. “Let me speak to him first.”
“We will all go together to speak to him,” Hilde demanded. “I will not tolerate any more secrets where my son is concerned.”
With differing worries, the three left the suite together.

King Gallos was in his children’s room, remarking on a painting done by his eleven year old daughter, Dagmar.
“Ah, here are your grandparents and mother to see this work of art,” Gallos said cheerfully. “See this ship in full sail your granddaughter has captured on a board?” He held up the painting proudly.
“It is lovely,” Elka agreed. “Might we borrow your father for a few minutes?” she asked Dagmar. “We have a matter of some urgency to discuss.”
While Dagmar smiled and nodded, her brother, thirteen year old Renaldo, looked up from the bow he was stringing. He put his bow and arrows aside. “Might I hear as well?”
Gallos looked at his wife for a decision.
“Not this time,” Elka said gently. “This involves Sandovian business.”
Gallos’ expression changed from cheerful to concerned as he said, “Perhaps we should go to my office.”
“Yes, that is a good idea,” Elka said.

Once seated in King Gallos’ office, Elka began the discussion. “My brother is in Henge’s dungeon, accused of piracy on the high seas.”
Gallos looked at his father-in-law. “This is a very serious charge.”
“I am sure it is all a misunderstanding,” King Gundar responded.
“Sandovia’s ship, the King Gundar, is being held in King’s Lake in Fernland as the price demanded for Oswald’s release,” Elka added.
“King Geoffrey of Fernland seems a reasonable man,” King Gallos said. “Perhaps we should all travel to Fernland and see if we might put an end to this misunderstanding and secure Prince Oswald’s release.”
King Gundar’s face flushed with anger. He longed to react with violence, but that would be difficult now that so many kingdoms were involved. “Perhaps that would be a good place to start,” he conceded.

Chapter 6

Village of Helsop

Electra, Dagon, the twins and Delphi sat at a table in Helsop’s new inn. Shalin held Delphi on her lap and the two listened as the others continued to argue.
Esme said, “I have no choice. I must go. I may be able to save those who are dying a slow death from poison in their water supply and I can certainly also remove the offending statue from the river there.”
“We could send Maki and Dag to do the same if you tell them how to care for those already affected,” Dagon argued. “I cannot allow you to go on a voyage that could take you through Vagan strongholds. What would your father say to me if I allowed such a thing?”
“Father need not know. And I have more ability to insure Dag and Maki’s safety then vice versa. You must be aware of that by now,” Esme stormed. “I shall certainly go on my own if you do not see fit to send along a guide.”
Electra put her hand on Esme’s arm. “There is no need for threats here. We all hope to reach the best solution. And I bear as much responsibility as anyone. More, in fact. I was aware that the statue was poisonous, even though Serafina claimed it would only put the Silent Men to sleep. I should have stopped her leaving it. At the time I felt she had the right to do them harm – they were kidnappers after all.”
“Finding and assigning blame at this point is not useful,” Dagon said. “Finding the best and safest solution is the goal here. And I am in favor of sending Maki and Dag.”
“I will not –” Esme’s rebuttal was cut off by Dagon as he raised his hand in a ‘stop’ motion.
“I know you are both determined to go, so I will allow it on certain conditions. First, you must promise to obey Maki’s commands. This is the way things work in the militia. Even I, Helsop’s headman, defer to Maki when he is in the position of scout for one of our militia missions. We may be responsible for taking down an enemy, but he is the one responsible for our own safety. Do you understand?”
Both Electra and Esme nodded.
“There may be times in your voyage when you must leave the comfort of your ship and travel by land, if he deems it safer. There can be no argument about any decision Maki makes.”
Both Electra and Esme nodded again.
“And lastly, I will now defer to Maki’s decision on whether or not he is willing to be responsible for the two of you. I will tell him you may, as physicians, be able to save some lives there, but if he deems it too difficult to shepherd you both, I will send only him and Dag. Will you abide by his decision?”
Esme and Electra exchanged glances but neither gave their assent.
Electra said, “Let us hear Maki’s opinion first and his arguments for and against.”
Dagon let out a deep sigh. “Very well. You both wait here while I find him.”
Esme huffed out a petulant hiss of words. “I should have just left as soon as I heard.”
“No,” Electra said. “You did the right thing. It may take a little longer this way, but we must all be in agreement before anyone acts. It is what makes Helsop work.”
“What do you think Maki will decide?” Esme asked. “You know him well.”
“He is not one to make snap decisions, nor is he one to allow insubordination. He will likely agree to our going if he can count on our obedience to his orders.”
“In that case, I shall say nothing,” Esme said.
Electra laughed. “Always a good strategy.” She looked at Shalin. “Will you agree to care for Delphi if we are allowed to go?” Electra asked. “I will not go otherwise.”
“Of course I will,” Shalin said. “We shall be fine here together, will we not, Delphi?” Shalin kissed the top of Delphi’s head.
Delphi turned in Shalin’s lap to look up at her cousin. Her large dark eyes bored into Shalin’s mind with vague feelings of abandonment.
“They will both be back,” Shalin assured the child. “One day you will be a physician, too, and have to go to take care of sick people.” Shalin hugged her closer.

Dagon came back through the door of the inn with Maki and Dag close behind. Evidently Dagon had already explained the situation to Maki because he wasted no time in taking charge.
Maki looked first at Electra. “You know the location of this sanctuary?”
“I do,” Electra said.
He looked next at Esme. “You will use your powers only if I command you to do so?”
True to her word, Esme said nothing. She only nodded emphatically.
“Very well. Be ready to leave in an hour. Warm clothes,” Maki said.

For the next hour, the school of medicine was a flurry of activity as Electra and Esme, with the help of the students, packed clothes and medical supplies for the journey.
“Isa will be in charge during my absence,” Electra told her students, “and Shalin will be in charge of Delphi. I know I can count on all of you to help both of them.”

Half the village traveled up to Cold Lake to see the group off on one of the captured Vagan ships. One barrel of newly-brined fish went along with them, as well as what scant stores of bread and greens were left from the winter. Now that spring had arrived, the village would soon replenish its stores of food.
Gerd the Trader and the Silent Man stood on deck waving along with Esme, Electra and Maki, as Dag pulled up the solitary sail. A gentle breeze soon carried them off into a region that was home only to wolves and white bears.
Shalin stood beside Dagon as they watched the Vagan ship grow smaller and smaller. “Electra has left Delphi in my care,” she said. “I know Delphi usually sleeps in your room, but I can move her things to the attic with me while Electra is gone if you prefer.”
“I would greatly appreciate it,” Dagon said. “I sometimes have to leave suddenly during the night if I am called to duty.”
“Good,” Shalin said. “She can sleep with me in Esme’s place.”
“We are glad you have come to stay with us,” Dagon said.
Shalin could see in Dagon’s mind that he meant what he said.

The next morning, as the students were winding up their morning’s work of making tinctures to treat colds and coughs, a messenger came through the door of the school of medicine.
“I have a message from Henge for Princess Shalin,” he said.
Shalin looked up from her stack of herbs, surprised. “A message for me?” she asked.
The messenger smiled. “Yes, a message from Queen Serafina.” He handed her a small scroll.
Shalin thought it odd that the message was for her alone, rather than to her and Esme. She broke the wax seal with her thumbnail and read the short message silently.

To my dear daughter Shalin,
Soldad the Trader, now promoted to Governor of Thessalonica, has arrived in Henge and asked your father for your hand in marriage. He has invited us to go with him to view his new province before we make a decision.
I suspect you may be in favor of such a proposal and if I am correct, I urge you to return as soon as possible to Henge.
Your mother, Queen Serafina

Shalin’s heart swelled with happiness. She looked down at her new responsibility, Delphi, who watched her with those dark, knowing eyes. What to do?

Chapter 7

Village of Helsop

Shalin sat with Delphi at the dining table in the school of medicine reading the message from her mother over and over, hoping she would find some solution there as to what she should do about Delphi. She desperately wanted to leave at once for Henge. Although she was certain that Soldad was the right person, she was not anxious to marry him immediately. And she had promised Electra she would watch over Delphi here in Helsop.
Her new friend Egrit came to sit across the table from her. “Good news?” Egrit asked.
“The best!” Shalin said. “A man I have admired for years has asked me to be his wife.”
Egrit clapped her hands together. “I am so happy for you. Has your father agreed?”
Shalin’s face brightened. Here was a possible solution. Her father would be in favor of a long engagement. She could go to Thessalonica and onto India – even to Bethleem with Soldad before the actual marriage. Perhaps Dagon would agree to let her keep Delphi with her. No, that was too much to ask. He was Delphi’s father now.
“I am to go with him to see his new home in Thessalonica. He has a ship. I believe my mother will travel there with us.”
“This all sounds so romantic,” Egrit said. “I only wish I could go with you.”
“Perhaps you could,” Shalin said. “At least as far as Henge. I have promised Electra I will care for Delphi in her absence, but a trip to Thessalonica could take all the spring and perhaps the summer as well. I do not think she would want me to take Delphi so far away or for so long a time. But if you went with me to Henge, you could bring her back when I set off for foreign ports. What do you think?”
Egrit shrugged. “We could ask Dagon. He is her father.”
“Yes, we must see what he thinks about all this. Will you come with me to the command center?”
“Of course, if you want me to,” Egrit said. “This is all so very exciting.”
“Yes, it is,” Shalin said, beginning to feel excited herself.

They found Dagon outside his command post, prepared to mount a horse.
“Have you a few minutes to talk to us?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, a few,” Dagon agreed. “We plan to take the fishing boats out again this afternoon. Shall we go back inside?”
They all went into the small one-room office that held a desk and two chairs.
Dagon offered the two chairs to the girls and sat on the edge of his desk.
Shalin held Delphi on her lap and Egrit pulled the second chair around to sit beside her friend.
“I received this message from my mother just a few minutes ago,” Shalin said, handing the message to Dagon.
Dagon read the short message and smiled. “How do you feel about marrying a Byzantine governor?” he asked.
Shalin returned his smile. “I have always admired Soldad. I would be pleased to marry him whatever position he held. But this comes at an awkward time. I promised Electra I would watch over Delphi and I wish to honor that promise.”
Dagon flipped up the fingers of his right hand. “Do not worry about that. My sister Isa will be glad to take over her care. There are plenty of medical students to help her.”
“But Delphi trusts me. And I came here just so I could spend more time with her. We have much in common as you know.”
“So you will put off your voyage to Thessalonica?” Dagon asked.
“Perhaps I will at least attempt to delay it. I feel I must go to Henge at least, to give my acceptance to the offer. I thought if Egrit was to accompany me to Henge and the voyage to Thessalonica could not be delayed, she could return to Helsop with Delphi.”
“That seems unnecessary,” Dagon said. “If the voyage can be delayed, perhaps you could return here with Soldad until Electra returns.”
Shalin hugged Delphi tighter against her chest. “But my bond with Delphi is very strong.”
Dagon frowned. “Delphi,” he said, putting his arms out. “Come to Papa.”
Delphi looked at her adopted father with interest, but made no move to go to him.
“Delphi,” he tried again. “Would you like to go with Papa for a ride on a horse?”
Delphi turned to look at Shalin as though asking permission.
“Would you rather go on a horse with me?” Shalin asked.
“Horse,” Delphi said, smiling.
Dagon frowned. “I do not like the idea of her leaving Helsop without her family. Perhaps Isa would agree to go with you to Henge.”
“She is in charge of the school now Electra is gone,” Shalin reminded him.
“True,” Dagon said. He was quiet for a moment. “Perhaps we can come to a compromise. Give me time to go to Cold Lake and put Deimos in charge here. I will go with the two of you myself to Henge. It is time I paid a visit to King Blackwell in any case. How does that sound?”
“That sounds perfect,” Shalin said. “Thank you so much.”
“It is nothing. Perhaps Gregor and Soren would like to go as well. It has been some time since they have seen their old friend, Drake.”

Shalin and Egrit left to pack for their trip to Henge. “I will stop by the castle and pack what I need for myself and Delphi,” Shalin said.
“Shall I meet you at the castle?” Egrit asked.
“Yes, that would likely be best. Will you let Isa know what we have planned?”
“I will,” Egrit said. “She will be so happy for you. Married to a governor. I hope you will invite us all to the wedding.”
“First comes the voyage to Thessalonica. We may find it an impoverished war-torn wasteland.”
Egrit’s expression turned to one of horror. “Would that stop you from marrying him?” she asked.
“It would not stop me,” Shalin said, “but it might be a hindrance in gaining my father’s permission.”
Egrit nodded, with a more sober expression.

They set out for Henge that afternoon. Shalin, Egrit, Delphi, Dagon, Soren, Gregor and his dog Skadi.
“We will set a leisurely pace,” Dagon said. “There is no hurry and it will help Skadi keep up.”
“I can carry her on my horse if she gets tired,” Gregor assured his father.
They climbed the lower hills and then the last steep side leading to the pass, stopping for a rest beside a stream where Shalin showed Delphi how to cup her hands in the water to take a drink.
Delphi saw a shiny rock at the bottom of the stream and pulled it up with her calling powers. Shalin hid her surprise. She was thrilled to see Delphi use her powers.
Delphi handed the rock to Shalin.
“Is this a present for me?” Shalin asked.
Delphi nodded.
“I shall always treasure it,” Shalin said. It was a pretty rock, she thought, sparkling with bits of shiny mica– jester’s gold.
“Now I must find a gift for you,” Shalin said. “Would you like a rock or a flower?”
Delphi shook her head.
“What would Delphi like?” Shalin asked.
“Skadi,” Delphi said.
“A dog?” Shalin said. “You would like to have a dog like Skadi?”
Delphi nodded.
“I will see what I can do,” Shalin promised. “Perhaps when we get to Henge.”

Chapter 8

Kingdom of Henge

Waking up with Delphi nestled against her chest, Shalin opened her eyes to see they were inside a tent. She immediately remembered they were on their way to Henge, where Soldad would be waiting with his proposal of marriage.
Her heart did a little flip as it always did when she thought of it. She left Delphi sleeping and tucked their sheepskin cover more tightly around the child as she ventured out into the early morning.
Dagon had a fire going and was already heating water from the nearby stream. He looked up as she approached. “Did you sleep well?”
“We both did,” Shalin said. “Delphi is still asleep.”
“We should reach the castle in Henge by mid-day,” Dagon said, ladling out hot water into a cup. “Would you like some tea?”
“Yes, thank you,” Shalin said. “Are the boys still asleep?”
Dagon laughed. “They are already out exploring with Skadi.”
“Delphi has asked me if she might have her own Skadi,” Shalin said.
“She told you she wanted a dog?” Dagon said.
Shalin smiled. “Yes, along with putting the thought in my mind.”
“She is too young to have a dog,” Dagon said.
“Perhaps she could be co-owner with Soren,” Shalin suggested.
“I think Soren already fancies himself co-owner of Skadi,” Dagon said.
“Perhaps co-owner with Esme or Electra then?” Shalin asked, not ready to concede defeat on Delphi’s behalf.
Dagon pursed his lips. “You think this is really important to her?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “I believe she feels loved as she should, but the loss of her birth parents has left an empty place in her spirit. The loyalty a dog can provide might help to fill that space.”
“Perhaps she could be co-owner with me, then,” Dagon said.
Shalin’s face brightened. “That would be perfect.” She sprinkled a few tea leaves into her cup of hot water and held the cup against her face for warmth.
“So you and your mother may be leaving soon for the province of Thessalonica,” Dagon said.
“Yes, that appears to be the plan,” Shalin replied. “It might be well if we were to leave without Mother knowing that Esme is off to visit the sanctuary of the Silent Men.”
“I had the same thought,” Dagon admitted.
“We might just infer that she stayed on in Helsop because she is very busy at the school now that she is one of the teachers,” Shalin suggested, “without telling an outright falsehood.”
“How are we to explain bringing Delphi along, then?” Dagon asked.
Shalin had not considered this, but of course she should have. Why would Delphi come, but not Electra? “I believe Electra and Esme had just left on an exploratory trip with Maki the Scout when Mother’s message arrived,” Shalin said, rehearsing her story for Dagon’s benefit. “They are ever in search of new herbs and they heard of a new possibly poisonous substance some distance away along Cold Lake.”
Dagon smiled. “You have inherited your family’s facility for deceit,” he said. “I will leave the explanations to you. I need to speak to King Blackwell about the state of our alliance now that he has instigated war with Sandovia.”
Delphi came walking out to the campfire barefoot and dazed, looking around her at this new place.
“Delphi, my love,” Shalin said, “let us put some shoes on those cold feet, and then we will have some breakfast.”
Shalin set down her cup and swung the girl up into the air, producing the desired giggles.

Early that afternoon, the Helsop travelers reached the port city of Henge. A border guard from Henge had ridden fast ahead of them to announce their arrival and they found a crowd of people and an elaborate meal awaiting them at the castle.
After hugs from her mother and father, Shalin walked into Soldad’s arms. “Your family is safe then?” she asked. “You arrived in time?”
“All is well,” Soldad murmured, as he hugged her close. “And who is this?” he asked as he stepped back and looked at the small child holding on to Shalin’s skirt.
Shalin picked up Delphi. “This is Delphi, my cousin and Electra’s newly adopted daughter.”
Soldad looked around. “Electra is not with you?”
Shalin hated that her next words to her future husband would be misleading, but forged ahead anyway. “Electra and Esme had just left on one of their exploratory outings when the message of your proposal arrived. We did not know how soon they might return, and of course, I was most anxious to come here, so Dagon gallantly offered to escort me. Delphi wanted to come with us and her brothers.”
Soldad offered Delphi his new signature ring as a toy, saying, “I hope to be your cousin as well one day, Delphi.”
Delphi freed one hand from Shalin’s skirt while still holding her doll with the other, to accept his offering, inspecting it carefully with her mysterious dark eyes before biting down on it.
Soldad laughed. “I assure you, it is real gold,” he said, as though she might be testing its authenticity.
King Blackwell interrupted this happy reunion by announcing, “Let us all take seats around the table. I believe Cook has outdone herself with this welcome home feast.”
Soldad and Shalin sat side-by-side near the head of the table.
“You have been made a governor now,” Shalin said to Soldad. “What of your career as a trader?”
“I still hope to carry on that line as well,” Soldad said. “My father is appointed co-governor and he will take over most of the administrative duties for now. Mother could not be more pleased to have him at home.”
 “I have yet to meet your father. Will he miss trading, do you suppose?” Shalin asked. 
“He is very excited to meet you,” Soldad said. “I think he will be happy to stay home with my mother and brother for a time. We came very close to losing them both.”
Shalin lowered her voice. “Our fault, for insisting you accompany us to Africa.”
“It is also your fault our whole city is saved,” Soldad said. “If not for your weapons, we would all be lost.”
“I hope your proposal of marriage is not just the product of gratitude,” Shalin said.
“Never!” Soldad objected, then lowered his voice to a whisper. “I know you do not want to marry anyone just yet, but I thought if we were engaged, it might allow you to travel with me to all those cities you wish to visit before you commit to home and family.”
“You truly are a perfect person,” Shalin said, smiling. “Might we go on to India after visiting Thessalonica?”
“Your wish is my command,” Soldad said.
“Then I wish to visit the Parsis in India and go on to wherever that meeting leads, which I suspect now will be Bethleem.”
“Done,” Soldad promised. “And after that?”
“Then I would be so proud to be your wife and your help-mate in Thessalonica.”
“I am far from a perfect man,” Soldad said, “but I am wise enough to recognize you as the perfect woman.”

Chapter 9

Kingdom of Henge

After a pleasant welcome home lunch at Henge’s castle, most of the guests took their leave, offering best wishes to the newly engaged pair. Only Shalin, Delphi and Soldad lingered on at the table, catching up on news of the past winter.
“It was a long winter in Helsop,” Shalin told him. “It began early, just after my sixteenth birthday. The village very nearly ran out of dried fish by the spring thaw. The ice on the lake broke only a few days ago, finally allowing us start to fishing.”
Soldad nodded. The winter started early in Constantinople as well. “I and my crew got only as far as the southern tip of Greece on our way here before we were beset by storms. We had to shelter for the winter on the island of Kithira. We later heard that many ships fell victim to angry waves.”  
Shalin noticed that Delphi had fallen asleep in her lap. “I should put Delphi in a bed. Perhaps I will lay her down in the kitchen by the fire where Cook can watch over her.”
“I feel like napping myself after such a feast,” Soldad said. “Perhaps we could take a walk.”
Shalin smiled. “Perhaps a walk out to a sheepherder’s grazing patch?”
“Perfect,” Soldad replied. “Any particular reason?”
“I should like to find a Shepherd puppy for Delphi, I am in her debt.” Shalin pulled the sparkly rock from the pocket of her tunic to show to Soldad. “This was her gift to me. I thought to repay her with another stone or a flower, but she wanted a dog like her brother’s dog, Skadi.”
Soldad laughed and gazed at Shalin with a gentle expression. She could read his mind easily. He thought she would make a wonderful mother to his children.
“How old are you, Soldad?” she asked.
“I am twenty-four – much too old for you. Do you mind?”
“No, I think you are the perfect age for me. I am grateful that you are willing to wait a bit to start a family. Do you mind waiting?”
Soldad shook his head. “I am as curious as you to know the secrets of your ring. It is our great mystery to solve.”
Shalin stood, holding Delphi against her shoulder, and Soldad was quick to follow. “It will be warm in the kitchen and when she wakes up Cook will be sure to have a sweet for her.”
They walked to the kitchen together and found Cook sitting on a barrel with her feet up on another barrel. She rose respectfully when they entered the kitchen.
“Delphi has fallen asleep after your delicious lunch,” Shalin said. “Might we let her nap by your fire while we take a walk?”
“’A course she can. What a perfect little doll she is.”
“She is Electra’s adopted daughter,” Shalin said.
“And where is that sister of yours? I miss her always around beggin’ cookies.”
“Esme is off on an exploration with Electra,” Shalin said. “She does not know yet of Soldad’s proposal. Have you met my fiancé Soldad de Medich?”
“I’ve not had the honor,” Cook said.
“Soldad, may I present my good friend Cook?”
Soldad bowed deeply. “I am very tempted to steal you and your wonderful talent for cooking away to Thessalonica where there are people as yet ignorant of how sumptuous food can be.”
Cook giggled and returned his bow. “You flatter me.”
“Never!” he said with dramatic horror. “Would that I had words to convey the magnificence of your artistry.”
Cook continued to giggle with delight. “I’ll bet you’re never at a loss for words.” She looked at Shalin. “You’re gonna have your hands full with this one.”
Shalin put Delphi down on a folded blanket near the fire and placed her doll next to her. “If she wakes up before we return she will likely be content to play with her doll,” she told Cook.”
“Aye, take your time. We will be fine here together. I may spread a blanket out and join her for a nap.”
“Thank you, Cook,” Shalin said.

They walked hand in hand past Phinn’s theater and turned north through the grasslands that bordered the sea until they came to a flock of sheep grazing in a green pasture, watched over by a shepherd and his two sheepdogs.
“Good afternoon,” Shalin said.
The shepherd doffed his cap and made a short bow. “You are one of the princesses aren’t you? But more grown up now.”
“I am Princess Shalin,” she said. “It sounds as if I should know you, but forgive me, I do not remember.”
“I am Siegfried the Shepherd. You and your sister used to run along the beach with your big cat, scaring the sheep and my dogs,” Siegfried said.
“Please forgive us, we were both idiots,” Shalin said.
“Oh, I always looked forward to seeing you. Kept my dogs on their toes,” Siegfried said.
“This is my fiancé, Governor Soldad of Thessalonica,” Shalin said.
The two men shook hands. “Those are fine looking sheepdogs you have,” Soldad remarked.
“They are good dogs. Very smart,” Siegfried said proudly.
“We are in the market for a puppy,” Shalin said. “Would you happen to know of one for sale?”
“I know of six for sale. Every spring, here come another six.”
“Might we come by later with my cousin Dagon and have a look? He is to be co-owner with his daughter.”
“I’d be pleased and grateful. Right now, you can have your pick of the litter.” He pointed to a farm house in the distance. “I could meet you there in an hour or so?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “That sounds perfect.”

Shalin and Soldad walked back along the beach as she pointed out familiar landmarks.
“Henge is a vital place with engaging people,” Soldad said. “I feel a villain in taking you from it. Will you miss it terribly?”
Shalin laughed. “It is a lovely place, but I needed to see the rest of the world to realize it. I have always been taken with wanderlust, dreaming of visiting foreign places along with the acting troupe.”
“I was the same,” Soldad admitted. “I could hardly wait for that first trip aboard The Logos with my father.”
“His ship is named The Logos?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, what else? My family has a deep faith which causes us to see all things with new eyes.”
“I have begun to translate Electra’s Fish Book into English,” Shalin said. “I am becoming quite familiar with Yeshua’s life on earth.”
“Wonderful!” Soldad said. “Perhaps I could help you with that on our voyage to Thessalonica.”
“I am sure you would be a tremendous help,” Shalin said.

They reached the castle as Delphi was waking up. The kitchen smelled of fresh-baked cookies.
“You came back too soon,” Cook complained. “I’ve not had any time to spoil her.”
Shalin laughed and sat down beside Delphi. “I have found some puppies like Skadi for you to see,” Shalin said.
“Skadi?” The drowsy child said.
“Like Skadi, but younger, like you,” Shalin said.
Delphi swiftly became fully awake and Cook was quick to ask, “Would Delphi like a cookie?”
Delphi nodded and held up her doll.
“I believe she wants one for her doll as well,” Shalin said. “We need to find Dagon to show him the puppies. Have you seen him?” Shalin asked Cook.
“Yes, you just missed him. He came by with his sons and their dog. Smelled the cookies, they did.”
“Good, maybe they are still close by. She reached over to lift Delphi but Soldad was faster.
“Allow me,” he said. “Delphi would you do me the honor of accompanying me to the barn where the puppies are waiting?”
Delphi smiled and took a bite of her cookie.
“Off we go, then. I do not suppose you have a bite of cookie for me?”
Delphi held out her cookie and he took a tiny bite. “Delicious,” he said.

They found Dagon with Gregor, Soren and Skadi turning over rocks, looking for worms to take fishing.
“I have located some puppies for you to see,” she told Dagon.
Dagon groaned. “I hoped you had forgotten,” he said.
“I want a puppy,” Soren said.
“If we do get a dog, it will be only one,” Dagon said.
“Perhaps you could be a third co-owner along with Delphi and your father,” Shalin suggested.
Soren frowned and Shalin could see in his mind that he wanted his own dog, just as his brother had Skadi.
“Would you all like to go see them, at least?” Shalin asked.
They all nodded.
“Where are they?” Dagon asked.
“At a sheep ranch, a bit of a walk to the north. Not too far,” Shalin said.

They all walked together to the sheep ranch, picking up sea shells on the beach along the way.
Siegfried the Shepherd was waiting for them at the open door of the barn.
They walked in to see the puppies that were full of energy, prancing and frolicking in mock battles and standoffs. The boys were captivated and Dagon immediately pointed to the largest one of the group. “That one,” he said in a voice that brooked no argument.

Chapter 10

City of Henge

After Dagon paid the sheepherder for his new dog, the group had a fine time playing with the new puppy on the beach.
“What will you name him?” Shalin asked Dagon.
“Good question,” Dagon said, already smitten with his new pup. He looked down at Delphi. “What shall we call our dog?”
“Skadi,” Delphi said without hesitation.
“She thinks all dogs should be called Skadi,” Shalin said.
Dagon nodded, smiling. “Skadi is a girl dog. This is a boy dog so he needs a boy’s name. How about Skye?”
Delphi looked at her adopted father with a thoughtful expression before trying out the new name.
“Skye,” she said. Then she hugged her puppy who was already half her height.
                
“Look at the size of Skye’s paws,” Dagon said. “He will be as big as a sheep.”
“Perhaps you need to acquire a flock of sheep for Skye to shepherd,” Shalin said. “Siegfried said he is a working dog.”
Dagon laughed. “Then I would need to acquire some grassland to feed them. Grassland is a little scarce just now in Helsop.”
Shalin thought for a moment. “There is some grassland in the hills just above Helsop along the road to Henge. Perhaps Father would lease it to you. Then you could supplement Helsop’s fish diet with mutton.”
Dagon appeared to consider the idea. “Something to think about it,” he said. 
“Sneak,” Gregor commanded, as Skadi nipped at the rambunctious puppy.
When Skadi dropped down to scoot along the sand on her stomach, Skye dropped down attempting to imitate the older dog’s actions. The pup was a gangly mass of splayed legs and paws, going nowhere.
“I do not think we need to be in any rush to acquire a flock,” Dagon said, laughing. “Skye will do well just to walk in a straight line for now.”

Shalin and Soldad sat on a flat rock watching as Gregor and Soren put Skadi through a series of exercises. Skye watched as well, trying valiantly to copy Skadi’s accomplishments. Delphi was not much help as she continued to hug her new puppy at every opportunity.
“I think Delphi will be fine now,” Shalin said. “She will have a way to join her brothers in play with the two dogs. And Dagon, for all his misgivings about taking another dog, seems already captivated with his new pup. It will be a bond to draw father and daughter closer.”
“Does this mean you are ready to leave for Thessalonica?” Soldad asked.
Shalin smiled. “Yes, I believe it does mean just that.”
“Would tomorrow be too soon?” Soldad edged closer so that their arms were touching.
“Tomorrow would be perfect,” Shalin said, “although I will have to check with Mother. She always has her own agenda.”
“It would be good if we kept the Sea Sprite in view as far as Thessalonica. Admiral Haddad will be carrying Greek fire aboard this trip as well as exploding weapons.”
“Are the Ottomans still a threat?” Shalin asked.
Soldad sighed. “One threat among many. Any peace we manage to negotiate is temporary at best. But Thessalonica is less of a target than Constantinople. I believe we will be able to relax there, at least for a time.”
“Will there be beaches like this one?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, large warm water beaches, a many-fingered coastline with endless coves good for anchoring out.”
“It sounds quite beautiful,” Shalin said.
Soldad smiled. “Fit for a princess.”
“And what will be my role as your wife?” Shalin asked.
“We will both need to welcome visiting dignitaries. We will have to travel to Constantinople on occasion as dictated by the emperor. I hope Father will see to the courts and disputes for a time, but there will be various guilds to regulate and taxes to levy. You could choose your own favored pastimes. If you wish to pursue medicine, there is a medical school there. Always there are the poor and orphaned to care for, though that work usually falls to the priests.”
“Is there a library?” Shalin asked.
“There is, though it could hardly compete with the Imperial Library in Constantinople.”
“Any library is a start,” Shalin said.

Dagon called a halt to their beach party as everyone began to tire. He carried the worn out puppy and Delphi agreed to ride on Soldad’s shoulders for the walk back to the castle.
Shalin and Soldad went together to find her mother as Delphi napped in the kitchen along with Skye.
Serafina was in her library reading. She looked up when Soldad and Shalin entered.
“Please join me,” Serafina said. “How have you spent your day?”
“Dagon and Delphi are the new owners of a Shepherd puppy called Skye,” Shalin said.
Serafina smiled. “Skye may have a hard job trying to keep Dagon and Delphi grazing together as obedient sheep must do.”
Shalin laughed. “Perhaps not so hard. They both appear enamored with their new pup.”
“And what of the two of you? Are you both in favor of this proposed union?” Serafina asked.
“Shalin would like to extend our engagement period to allow some traveling in connection with her ring. I am in agreement with that plan,” Soldad said.
“And your feelings?” Serafina asked, looking at her daughter.
“I look forward to marrying Soldad and being his helpmate in Thessalonica. But I would like to journey first to India and then on to wherever the information I gather there leads me.”
“Your father and I would like to have assurances that you will be safe in Thessalonica before we agree to the union,” Serafina said.
“We are ready to leave tomorrow, if that suits you,” Soldad offered. “We would go first to Thessalonica. I believe the Sea Sprite is ready to leave as well.”
“Yes, I heard Admiral Haddad plans to leave tomorrow,” Serafina said.
“We will attempt to keep the Sea Sprite in view as far as Thessalonica,” Soldad said.
“Good.” Serafina stood. “I will find your father and inform him. I believe Cook plans a light supper – soup and bread.”
Serafina left to find King Blackwell, and Shalin stayed with Soldad to look at the map of the world.
“Here is Thessalonica,” he said, pointing to a jagged outcrop of landmass sitting at the edge of the Aegean Sea. He moved his finger across Persia and past the Levant to a great landmass sitting like a triangle north of another great sea. “And here is Hindustan.” His finger settled above the city on the west coast of Hindustan. “Here is where we will find our Parsi friends.”
“It is so far away,” Shalin said. “We will be almost to China.”
“Yes, you will find a very different culture there,” Soldad said. “They worship a vast collection of gods and goddesses, some human and some part-animal. Cows are considered sacred. Their society is divided into various castes. The higher the caste the fewer their food choices.”
“But the Parsis cling to their old religion?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, they are still followers of Zoroaster,” Soldad replied.
“Now that Delphi seems to have closer bonds to her brothers and father, I feel less guilt in leaving,” Shalin said. “In fact, I can hardly wait to begin our voyage to Thessalonica.”
Soldad hugged her and whispered, “Every day we are together I count as a good day.”

That evening at supper, King Blackwell made a toast to the newly betrothed couple. The acting troupe was there for the celebration and they all promised they would come to put on a performance in Thessalonica.
“But only if you promise to join us in the cast,” Phinn added.
Shalin laughed. “I will be longing to have a role. But we may not marry too soon. Perhaps another year?” she said, looking at Soldad.
Soldad shrugged “Our future now lies in the hands of a foreign nation in Hindustan. We shall see where their seers send us.”
“How mysterious and romantic,” Peaches said. “What if they send you back here to Henge?”
Soldad smiled. “Then we shall see you all again soon.”
Phinn spoke up. “We may not be here. I had a dream last night – more of a nightmare really. I dreamed King Gundar came here to find his ship and when it wasn’t here, he took the Prince Avor instead.”
King Blackwell looked at his brother with alarm. “I had not imagined that, but we must be ready for such an attempt.”
“Perhaps we should take the Prince Avor to King’s Lake for a time,” Phinn said. “I want to protect our ship.”
“Yes,” King Blackwell said. “We must consider how best to keep our ship safe.”
Shalin could see the larger fear in her father’s mind. Everyone in my family is leaving me again.

Chapter 11

Fishing Village at River Thebes

Esme saw the small fishing village she had been looking for at the same time Dag and Maki saw the two Vagan ships.
“What are you doing?” Esme asked. “That is the village that marks the mouth of the river.”
Dag and Maki were quickly lowering the ship’s sail. They soon had oars in the water, rowing zealously back in the direction they had just come from.
The Silent Man and Gerd the Trader picked up oars as well and the ship flew west over the lake as Esme finally noticed the two Vagan ships anchored off a northern promontory.
The shore on the north beach was littered with Lake Seals. She saw no Vagans aboard the two anchored ships. The men were likely ashore hunting for seal skins.
“Perhaps they did not see us,” she gasped, suddenly frightened.
“I am sure they saw us, but they will think we are Vagans,” Maki said.
Electra came to stand with Esme. “It will be all right,” she said. “We will just find a cove to anchor in until they have taken their seals and leave.”
Esme nodded. “But that was the mouth of the river we seek on the south coast, was it not? The River Thebes?” she asked.
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “That was the village where Lars the Trader bought my wedding ring. It came up from the bottom of the sea where it had rested for unknown years. The same ring that Dagon bought from Lars to give to me on our wedding day.”
“The same ring that now rules my sister’s life,” Esme said.
Electra smiled. “I hope not. I should not like her to believe the ring’s purpose is more important than her own choices.”
“How far is it upstream to the sanctuary on the River Thebes?” Esme asked. “Do you remember from so many years ago?”
Electra nodded. “I remember the day we came to rescue you. It took us most of a day of hard rowing upstream.”
Esme sat down beside Dag on the rowing bench. “Do you think the Vagans will be suspicious, the way we turned back so quickly?”
Dag shrugged. “They may have thought we came to harvest seals and changed our minds when we saw someone was already there doing the same.”
Maki directed the oarsmen to a cove on a north isthmus where they would be hidden from view.
“It looks as though the Vagans are not the only ones hunting seals,” Maki said, as his eyes squinted against the sun. He pointed toward the shore.
A great white bear and two cubs were feasting on a seal carcass there on the beach.
“Do not row too chose to shore,” Maki ordered. “We do not want the mother bear to feel threatened,” 
Esme wished she had brought along her sketching materials. She tried to fix the proportions of the great beast in her mind.
They anchored some distance from shore and watched as the sow rose up on her hind legs and looked at their ship. She shifted her great weight back down to drag what was left of the decimated seal further inland with her cubs frolicking behind her.
“We could chance going ashore,” Maki said, “but there may be other bears in the vicinity. They are hungry now, many with cubs to feed. And they are good swimmers. One might try to upset a shore boat if it felt threatened.”
“Should we attempt the River Thebes at night?” Dag asked.
Maki shook his head. “No, too dangerous. We will need to avoid rocks.”
They all decided to hunker down aboard ship for the remainder of the day and the coming night.
“Do you think the Vagans will be gone by morning?” Electra asked Maki.
“We have no way of knowing,” Maki said. “They could be there for several days. Tomorrow morning we will sail to our side and of the promontory and I will go ashore to take a look.”
“That could be dangerous,” Electra said.
“Do you have a better idea?” Maki asked.
“No,” Electra admitted, “but we cannot afford to lose you.”
“I do not expect you will,” Maki said.

They watched the beach all that day, but the bear and her cubs did not return.
“How do you happen to know the language of the Silent Men?” Esme asked Gerd the Trader as they ate a lunch of dried fish and stale bread.
“I grew up in that fishing village at the mouth of the River Thebes,” Gerd said. “Bern the Innkeeper is my uncle. He learned a little of their language over the years when they come to trade. They were always kind to me, giving me little carved wooden animals when I was a boy. I gradually learned their language.”
“They gave me those same carved animals,” Esme said. “They lured me away to their ship with those carvings when I was quite young.”
“They think you are their goddess,” Gerd said.
“I know they think that, but I am not.”
“Why do you suppose they are so sure?” Gerd asked.
Esme realized she had set a trap for herself with this conversation. The silent men had witnessed a small wooden animal flying through the air into her hands. That was the reason they felt sure she was a goddess. How could she explain that to Gerd?
“They imagined they saw something in me that they had been looking for,” Esme said with a shrug. “I am not even a believer in their religion – whatever that is.”
“One of the ancient oriental belief systems,” Gerd said. “They are a peaceful, hard-working society. I have traded with them for several years now.”
“My mother was quite incensed when they kidnapped me,” Esme said. “She wanted to kill them all.”
“I can certainly understand her anger,” Gerd said. “I have a young daughter of my own.”
“There in the village?” Esme asked.
“Yes,” Gerd said. “I will not be returning to Helsop with you. The village is my home.”
“Do you remember the day when the fishermen brought up a gold ring from the bottom of the lake?” Esme asked.
“No, I was too young, but I still hear stories about it. My father was one of the men in the boat that day. They all shared in the money from its sale.”
Electra had come to join their conversation. “What did the men who brought it up from the depths think about the ring’s origins? she asked.
“They imagined it may have traveled up with the original settlers of our village,” Gerd said. “They thought it to be very old.”
“Who were the original settlers?” Esme asked.
“I do not know,” Gerd said. “It was too long ago, but we believe our ancestors were a people in flight from some disaster – war or flood or famine? We think they must have been fishermen, perhaps from the Black Sea area.”
Persians, Esme thought.
“The bears are back,” Dag said as he sat down beside them with his dried fish and hunk of bread.
Esme stood quickly and moved to the side of the ship. She looked out at another mother bear, this one with only one cub in tow. The sow walked along the beach, rising now and then to balance on her back feet and smell the air.
Dag came to join Esme. “If she goes into the water, we should row further out.”
“She is taking our measure,” Esme said. “I can feel it in her mind. She does not smell anything to make her fearful.”
Dag smiled. “In that case, we are likely safe here.”

Chapter 12

Cove North of River Thebes

The next morning there were no bears on the beach. Maki did not call for the sail to be raised. They rowed over close to the shore and followed the coast almost to the end of the jutting promontory.
Maki called for a shore boat and he rowed to the rocky beach alone. Those still on the ship watched as he scaled a tall rock that would allow him to peer over the promontory to the cove on the other side.
Soon he was back in view, climbing down the same large rock and returning in the small boat.
As soon as he boarded the ship, he said, “They are still there. They are drying their seal skins now on racks.”
Everyone knew what this meant. They could be there for many days, even weeks.
“We will wait until dusk,” Maki said. “Then we will go only as far as the first bend in the River Thebes. They will likely see the ship, but they will not be able to make out the features of those aboard.”
“They will wonder why we did not stop to visit with them,” Dag said.
“Aye, it is not a perfect solution but I think it more dangerous to stay here longer. They have their skins now and may begin to explore the area. In the meantime, throw out some lines as though we came here to fish.”
All that day, Esme and Electra stayed wrapped in blankets with their long hair wound up in turbans so they would not be recognized as women. The two physicians used the delay to plan ahead for their visit to the sanctuary.
“Gerd will be able to ask the Silent Men exactly where they disposed of the clay statue filled with poison,” Esme said.
“It will be too dangerous to dive down to pull it up,” Electra said. “We shall have to use long poles with hooks to drag it out. In the meantime, they will need to draw their drinking water upstream of the spot, and keep their animals upstream as well.”
“Likely they will have long poles and hooks there, but we could carry up some oars and hooks just in case,” Esme said.
“I have brought herbs to flush poisons, but we may not be able to save the very ill,” Electra warned.
“How could Mother have been so callous?” Esme asked.
“She is like a white bear mother,” Electra said. “Any perceived threat to her cubs is met with primal force.”
“Do you feel that way about your own children?” Esme asked.
Electra nodded. “Every mother is protective of her young, though once the threat is past, not everyone feels the need for retribution.”
Esme nodded. “Both Mother and Father feel the need to repay an insult, but Mother seems more inclined to hold a grudge.”
“Even before I became a follower of Yeshua’s teachings, I saw the value of forgiveness,” Electra said, “and the first person I needed to forgive was your mother.”  
“For kidnapping you?” Esme asked.
Electra shook her head. “No, for deceiving me.”
“Yes, it would be difficult to forgive someone who has lied about everything,” Esme said. “But I know people lie all the time, because I can read their minds. Often they lie to protect others, which makes lying seem rather noble.”
“I know I am guilty of that,” Electra said.
“We all are,” Esme agreed. “I will likely lie to the Silent Men if that is what it takes to convince them I am not their goddess.”
“Saving their lives will not help to convince them,” Electra said with a smile.
“I thought I might tell them I am a follower of Yeshua,” Esme said.
“Would that be a lie?” Electra asked.
Esme smiled. “Perhaps only half a lie. I am not sure I believe as yet. I need more proof of his life and times. At first it seemed only a fiction built up around of philosophy of humility and service to others as the best possible way to live, even though such perfect altruism was unrealistic.”
“And now?” Electra urged.
“And now it seems more and more likely that such a man did live and died for his people when he might easily have saved himself by telling his accusers what they wanted to hear.”
Electra nodded. “It is still a mystery to you why he did not do so?”
“It makes one go back and read again more carefully,” Esme admitted.
Electra nodded. “His words have altered the course of many lives.”
“It would be interesting to know the background of the Silent Men’s beliefs,” Esme said. “But if they believe I am their goddess, I know there is a flaw in their belief system somewhere along the way.”
Electra agreed and looked to the west. “The sun is setting. We will be leaving soon.”
“Say a prayer to Yeshua that the Vagans take no notice,” Esme said.

Maki watched the sun touch the horizon and pulled his line from the water. They had caught several fish and were able to cook up their catch for supper that evening.
After they finished their meal and the colors faded from the western horizon, Maki signaled and Dag raised the anchor.
They rowed as silently as they were able across a calm surface, past the fishing village and into the outflow of the River Thebes. Now they were rowing against the current and they pulled hard until they reached the first bend in the river. There they found a cove where they could tie up to trees and stay hidden from view.
“Do you think the Vagans saw us enter the river?” Esme asked Dag.
“I am sure they did, unless their lookouts were asleep on duty,” Dag answered.
“Do you think they will come after us?”
Dag shrugged. “They will find our actions suspicious. Whether they care enough to follow up is another matter.”
Esme did not want to consider the dangers and changed the subject. “We will need long poles and hooks to fish the statue containing the poison from the river at the sanctuary.”
Dag nodded and was quiet for a moment. “Do you still remember being held prisoner there?”
“Yes,” Esme said. “They were very kind to me. They followed Ebony and my wolves around with plates of food so they would not harry the sheep.”
Dag laughed. “I am surprised Ebony did not attack the Silent Men. She was usually very protective of you and Shalin.”
“She did try at first. They kept her chained next to me in the ship. She would not let anyone touch me. I was quite filthy by the time we reached the fishing village.”
Dag shook his head. “The Silent Men are a strange group.”
“True, but very sweet and gentle when you come to know them.”
 “I shall just take your word for that,” Dag said. “I do not feel the need to come to know them.”

Chapter 13

Sanctuary of the Silent Men

The next morning at dawn, the small band of voyagers from Helsop untied their ship and began rowing upstream towards the sanctuary of the Silent Men.
Gerd the Trader sat beside the Silent Man on the rowing bench and handled the oar on the starboard side.
Esme came to sit across from them in the stern so she could speak to Gerd face to face. “How many hours more to reach the sanctuary?” she asked.
Gerd conferred with the Silent Man beside him, who was no longer bound by his vow of silence because he believed his goddess was with him.
“He says about five hours to reach the base of the mountain. Then a few more hours to climb up the mountain to the temple.”
Esme searched back over her memories. She remembered around one hundred men living and working in the hilltop sanctuary. “Ask him how many have died so far.”
Gerd posed the question. “He says twenty-two when he left, but many others were ill and may have died in his absence.”
Esme nodded sadly. “Ask him if he remembers where they disposed of the statue my mother brought when she came to rescue me.”
When Gerd put the question to his rowing partner, Esme could see that the Silent Man was reluctant to answer. When he finally did, Gerd’s face showed his surprise.
“He says they did not dispose of the statue. They had the idea to put the statue in the deepest part of their river, but they could not do it. The statue was all they had left of you. Instead, they took it to a sacred place where they visit it and bring offerings once a year.”
Esme’s mouth fell open. “Where is this sacred place?” she asked.
Gerd questioned the Silent Man. “He cannot tell me. It is sacred and cannot be revealed.”
“I see,” Esme said. Dazed by this new information, she made her way forward to the bow of the ship where Electra sat looking out at the passing scene of rugged mountain beauty.
“We were all wrong in our assumptions,” Esme said. “They did not throw the statue into the deepest part of the stream. They took it to a sacred place where they go to worship it once a year.”
Electra put her hand over her mouth as she considered this new information. “Then it could be an entirely different sickness that we will be dealing with. I may have brought the wrong medicines entirely.”
“Yes, I am sorry,” Esme said. “It never occurred to me that they might disregard the suggestion I put into their minds.”
“Why did they disregard it?” Electra asked.
“The statue looked like me. They reasoned it was all they had left of me.”
“Those poor misguided souls,” Electra said.
“Yes, this dangerous voyage may have been for no purpose,” Esme said.
“We do not know that,” Electra argued. “Something is wrong there. Men are dying. We will get to the bottom of it. And perhaps while we are there, we can locate that sacred place and make sure the poison in the statue is no longer active.”
Esme had a bad feeling that this was going to be a more complicated situation then they had expected. “Why must people put so much faith in beliefs with shaky foundations. Why can they not simply admit there is much they do not know and be content in their ignorance as animals are?”
Electra shrugged. “It is not in our natures to do so.”
“And why is that?” Esme asked. “Why are our natures fashioned to lead us down so many erroneous paths?”
Electra shrugged. “It has proved beneficial. While traveling these erroneous paths, we have made helpful discoveries along the way.”
“Like what?” Esme asked.
“Making fire, planting crops, building shelters, the forecasting of seasons through study of the stars, the uses of animals for transport and cultivation. Many things which separate us from animals.”
“Yes, our curiosity has been of benefit,” Esme allowed, “but always there is the search for higher truths. Where did we come from? Why are we here? And those guesses inevitably evolve into beliefs that have little basis in fact.”
“Again,” Electra said, “it is in our nature.”
“But why?” Esme demanded. “Why?”
Electra shrugged. “I believe it was God who put it there, so we would find our way to him,” she said.
“But look where it has led the Silent Men. It has led them to me. And I know that to be just one more erroneous path.”
“Perhaps it is only a path with many twists and turns,” Electra said. “Perhaps you are here, not as their goddess, but to tell them about Yeshua.”
Esme stared at Electra. “You do see that your own beliefs have no more credence than theirs do.”
“No, I believe mine do have more credence,” Electra said. “Yeshua was a real person, though I believe he was also God in human flesh. He returned to life after death and many people were there to attest to it. Such a thing has never happened before or since.”
Esme took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “You truly believe that?”
“I do, I believe the truth of it lies in the fact that his disciples continued to follow his teaching after he ascended to heaven. They went to their deaths as martyrs when they refused to deny his deity.”
“But look at the Silent Men,” Esme argued. “I am sure they would go to their deaths for me and they would be wrong in doing so.”
“Not if your real purpose is to tell them about Yeshua,” Electra said with the ghost of a smile.
Esme felt deflated. She felt even this discussion was hopeful nonsense. “I had already decided to tell them of Yeshua. Not because I am convinced, but only to point their devotion in a direction away from myself. The theory of a God come to earth to carry away the sins of the world at least has more credence than worshiping a child who can make things fly through the air.”
Electra smiled. “It is a start.”

Esme went to speak to Dag and Maki, who sat side-by-side on a rowing bench ahead of Gerd and the Silent Man.
“We were wrong in our assumption of a poisoned water supply,” she confessed.
“What do you mean?” Dag asked. “How do you know?”
Esme explained what she had just learned from Gerd and the Silent Man.
“It could still be poison leaking from the statue,” Maki said. “Do you have any idea where this sacred place might be?”
“None,” Esme said. “If they are as stubborn about revealing its location as they are in believing I am their goddess, I might never know.”
“Perhaps you need to learn their language so that you can read their minds,” Dag said.
Esme’s eyes grew wide. “Of course!” She smiled as she quickly made her way back to where Gerd the Trader, the one person aboard who spoke both English and the Silent Men’s tongue, sat doggedly pulling his oar.
“Could you tell me how to say certain words in the Silent Men’s language?”
“Of course,” Gerd said. “It would be my pleasure.”

Chapter 14

Sanctuary of the Silent Men

Wisps of smoke drifting up from a high plateau gave away the location of the Silent Men’s retreat.
The four men aboard the Vagan ship kept rowing until they found a beach where they could anchor the ship and tie it to trees on shore to secure it.
“Is there a trail up the mountain?” Dag asked Gerd.
“Yes, all the deer trails connect to it,” Gerd said. “It grows steep near the summit – take only what is essential.”
They all looked through what supplies remained, choosing to make do with one change of clothes, all the medical supplies, some dried food and canteens that could be refilled from springs along the way. If poles were needed, they could cut down saplings.
With an early start, Gerd judged they could reach the sanctuary by dusk.
“Do you remember making the climb?” Dag asked Esme.
“The Silent Men made a litter to carry me,” Esme said. “I believe I slept most of the way.”
Dag smiled and shook his head. “Did it suit you? Being their goddess?”
“I am embarrassed to say it did, at the time. I did not find it odd.”
Dag laughed. “Why does that not surprise me?”
Esme gave him a playful shove. “I have no doubt you would have felt the same at three years old.”
“Likely you are right,” Dag admitted. “I believe as the younger brother, I was quite spoiled.”
“I am the younger sister,” Esme said. “Shalin saw the light of day a few minutes before I did.”

The group hefted their packs and began the long climb. Along the way, Esme quizzed Gerd on the names the Silent Men gave to the trees and small animals they passed.
Esme said the words over and over, putting them into sentences. There is a crow. There is a field of poppies, substituting the words in the new language. She would often point to something and ask the Silent Man in his own language, “What is that called?”
The Silent Man seemed pleased that his goddess was attempting to learn his language, and would sometimes offer the names of things without being asked. She found it easy to see these same names in this Silent Man’s mind. In her own mind, she thought, I shall soon have the location of the statue.

As the sun descended behind the plateau, the group reached the sanctuary. Maki was impressed with the self-sufficiency he found there.
“They have their own ironworks,” he marveled. “Their own tannery. They even have their own looms and spinning wheels.”
“Yes, they are quite industrious,” Esme said. “Each one has his own work. Some are shepherds, some are beekeepers. They only lack a goddess to worship.”
“Where is their clinic?” Electra asked.
Gerd shrugged. “The sick only keep to their own cells, I believe.”
“We need to see those who are sick before doing anything else,” she said.
“They are a bit shy around women,” Gerd said. “But they would likely welcome a visit from their goddess.”
Esme took that to mean they probably had some rule about not fraternizing with women. “I will go with Gerd to see the sick and report back to you,” Esme said quickly to Electra.
“Very well,” Electra said.
Esme could see in Electra’s mind that she was not fooled. The Silent Men did not allow contact with women, though they were too polite to say so.
Gerd accompanied Esme and the Silent Man who traveled with them to the sleeping cells of the sick and dying men.
Esme found many signs of what she had originally suspected – waterborne poisoning. Gerd translated their complaints: stomach cramps, vomiting, fever, lack of energy, headaches. And yet the Silent Man had admitted they did not follow her instructions so many years ago to dispose of the statue in the deepest part of the stream. So what could the source of poison be?
Gerd questioned each sick man as to the whereabouts of the statue – always with the same result. Silence. But Esme began to see the same word popping up in every ill man’s mind.
Out of the hearing of their companion, Esme asked Gerd the meaning of the word ‘keutsang’.
“That is the word for caves, but it has the honorific attached. It means the exalted caves, just as you are the “exalted one.” It is a term of high reverence,” Gerd said.
“In my case it is a term of high fantasy,” Esme stated.
Gerd shrugged. “Where did you hear the word for caves?”
Esme had to think quickly to find a realistic explanation. “I thought I may have heard it in passing,” she said. “I could have been mistaken.” She changed the subject. “Most of the men we have seen show signs of poison. We will need to find the source quickly if we are to save them.”

They returned to find Maki, Dag and Electra at a smithy forge, watching as the blacksmith added a new ore to his mix of molten iron.
“We will need to tell our own blacksmiths of this mixture,” Maki said to Dag.
“What have you learned?” Electra asked Esme as soon as she, Gerd and the Silent Man joined their group.
“It looks to be poison, likely waterborne as we first suspected,” Esme said.
“We have the right medicine to treat it, but we need to find the source to prevent it,”
Electra said. 
Esme nodded. “Will you help me, Dag, to carry our medical supplies back to the main residence hall?”
“Of course,” Dag said.
As soon as they were out of hearing range of the others in the group, Esme said, “The statue is in a cave. Some sort of sacred cave. I read it in the minds of several of the sick men. I do not want Gerd to know I can read minds.”
“A sacred cave,” Dag said. “That should not be hard to find. Did you get any sense of where it might be?”
“No,” Esme said. “Their symptoms are in line with waterborne poison as we first suspected, but it could be airborne as well. If you find a cave, be careful going in, lest the air be foul with poison vapors.”
Dag nodded, depositing the supplies he carried at the door to the residence hall. “I will inform Maki and we will leave at once to scout for caves. We passed an area of limestone on the way up. We can start there.”
“Only have a care,” Esme cautioned. “We do not need more patients than we already have.”
Dag left quickly and Esme began sorting through her herbs to find the ones she needed. She went to the cooking area she remembered from so long ago and began heating water to make a tea of peppermint leaves and ginger roots.
Before long, Electra joined her in the kitchen.
“I can take over the brewing of teas if you will see that it gets to those who need it,” Electra said. “Dag and Maki took off armed with torches. Where are they going? They would not say.”
“I believe the statue was taken to a sacred cave. I saw the word in the minds of the sick men. They would not reveal the place, even to me, voluntarily. They have deemed my statue sacred as well.”
“I see,” Electra said. “So we must save them from themselves, so to speak.”
Yes, that is it exactly,” Esme agreed.

Chapter 15

Silent Men’s Sanctuary

Dag and Maki set out to search the edges of the plateau for caves. They knew that areas made up of soft limestone were the most likely places to find caves.
“Did you notice the layer of lime as we climbed the mountain?” Maki asked.
Dag nodded. “We should be able to make it that far before it becomes too dark,” he said.
“Yes, we can camp there for the night and begin to look for trails at dawn,” Maki said.
After years together as master and apprentice, Maki and Dag had little need for words. They both understood what had to be done and spoke more for companionship than clarification.
When they reached the layer of white rock just beneath the surface of the plateau, they set out their furs and settled in for the night.

Early the next morning, Dag began scouting for trails while Maki made a fire and fixed a light breakfast.
Dag knew if the Silent Men made routine trips to worship at a cave, there would be paths, however faint. It did not take him long to find one. Curving around the side of the high plateau, he found a thin trail to a jumble of rocks where a waft of cold air spoke of a sheltered place within.
The entrance to the cave was not obvious. It was low to the ground and barely large enough for a man to slide through.
He lit his torch with a flint and stuck it into the opening. He still could not see much. The floor of the cave sloped down at a steep angle, a slide of sorts. Once he slid down he might not be able to climb back out. He returned to their campsite.
“Find anything?” Maki asked.
“I found a narrow trail that led to a steep opening. We will need the ropes to lower down safely and more so to climb back out. I could not see much from the mouth of the cave, even with a torch.”
“Sounds promising,” Maki said, handing Dag a cup of hot broth.
“We have fresh eggs?” Dag said, leaning over to look into the cast iron pan sitting atop the coals.
“We do,” Maki said with a grin. “Those Silent Men do not lack for food. They have quite a flock of chickens next to the tannery.”
“They do seem an diligent lot,” Dag said. “I believe our smiths in Helsop will be interested to hear of their experiments at the forge.”
Maki dished up some eggs mixed with mushrooms. “Yes, that bit of innovation alone makes the trip worthwhile,” Maki agreed.
They ate quickly, anxious to explore the nearby cave.

Loaded down with torches, candles, ropes, harnesses and pulleys borrowed from the sanctuary, Dag and Maki stopped at the entrance to the cave.
“A tight squeeze,” Maki declared. “We’d best anchor to a tree in case it’s a long climb back out.”
Dag nodded and secured a knotted rope to a tree a few feet from the entrance. The knots tied along the length of the rope would make good hand and foot holds as they climbed back out of the cave.
Maki sniffed the draft of air coming up from the cave entrance. “It smells clean to me, but it would be safer if we had a bird.”
Dag nodded. It was an old miner’s trick to carry a bird into a mine shaft. With its more delicate lungs, a bird would faint sooner than a man, were the air fouled with noxious fumes.
“It would not take me long to trap a bird,” Dag offered.
“Let’s just go down for a peek,” Maki said. “We won’t stay long. It should be evident if this is the cave, and with that strong draft of air, there must be other openings.”
Dag nodded. “I’ll go first.” He pulled the knotted rope tight, stuck an unlit torch into a belt hook and moved to the low entrance. There he entered feet first as he worked down the steep slope holding tight to the knotted rope, lowering himself one knot at a time.
When he reached a flat spot, he withdrew his torch and flint. There was just enough light from the caves opening to give him a shadowy view as he set the torch aflame.
With light from the torch, the cave’s interior flared into view. It was a large cavern with white columns of stalagmites and stalactites, which seemed to connect with other spaces through shadowy openings.
“Big cavern,” Dag shouted up to Maki. “No signs of visits or statues. It looks to connect with other caverns.”
“How’s the air?” Maki yelled down. “And the floor?”
“Flat floor, once you’re down. I can hear water running. Air seems fresh,” Dag reported.
“Coming down,” Maki called.
Soon Maki was standing beside Dag. “She’s a beauty,” he said, looking around at the sparkling white columns.
“She is that,” Dag agreed. He never tired of looking at the beautiful white stone creations nature could fashion from slow drips of lime-laced water over thousands of years.”
“Shall we start with that one?” Dag pointed in the direction of a narrow shadow that appeared to be the opening to a second chamber.
“Aye, let’s take a gander,” Maki said.
The second chamber was smaller with lacey bits of limestone creeping down the edges of the walls. Two more openings loomed ahead in shadow.
Dag moved cautiously, checking the floor below his feet for sudden drop-offs. “This opening drops off,” he said. “Appears to be a small pond below.”
Maki came closer with his own torch and peered down to see the flame reflected in flat water below. “Let’s leave that for now. Rope’s not long enough to reach the bottom.”
The second opening led to a huge chamber, a maze of columns. In a white, pristine alcove stood a clay statue of a small girl adorned with woven wreaths of dried berries and flowers.
“Looks like we’ve found our trouble-maker,” Maki said.
“And I think we’ve found another opening to the outside as well,” Dag said, pointing to a spot in the cavern where daylight shone through.
Maki smiled. “It seems we came through the back door. Could have saved ourselves some trouble.”
They walked up a slant and through a larger opening into a hanging valley at the edge of the plateau.
“Appears the draft is good,” Dag said. “They can’t be falling sick from fumes. Perhaps the statue is not to blame.”
“It still could be,” Maki said. “I noticed something inside the cavern.”	
Dag followed Maki back into the large chamber.
Maki pointed to a slight line of discoloration on the wall of the chamber.
Dag was embarrassed not to have noticed himself. “High water mark,” he said. “This cavern has been flooded.” He moved closer. “Recently,” he added.
Maki nodded. “If the poison from the statue leached into the floor and walls of the cavern, a flood would have carried it into the water table below.”
“It could have contaminated any well drawing from the same water table,” Dag said. “We had best find out where their drinking water comes from.”
“And then refrain from drinking it ourselves,” Maki said.

Chapter 16

Sanctuary of the Silent Men

Dag and Maki made a thorough investigation of the cave that had become home to the statue of a four-year old goddess. They found more high water marks in some of the adjoining caverns and surmised from the clarity of the discolorations that the flood had likely occurred the previous year. This would coincide with the recent wave of sickness. Now they only needed to decide on the best course of action.
“We could take the statue with us and dispose of it before the Silent Men have a chance to hide it somewhere else,” Dag said.
“They may react poorly to that,” Maki said.
“I do not think they are inclined to violence,” Dag opined.
Maki nodded. “Still, they may feel we had no right to do such a thing. It has become their idol.”
“Shall we begin then by finding where they take their drinking water from?” Dag asked.
“Yes, I think so. If we explain the situation to them, they can find a different source of water, even if they choose to drink water straight from the river where cattle congregate,” Maki said.
Dag agreed. “Any spring or stream at a high altitude should be safe.”
“All right,” Maki said. “Shall we take the easier route this time?”
Dag smiled as they walked out the large opening of the cave and emerged into the green hanging valley carpeted with grass and blooming wild flowers.
They worked their way back over the rocky limestone outcrop at the edge of the valley to where they had left their supplies and followed the trail back to the sanctuary.
Once back in the temple area, they found Electra and Esme and told them to stop brewing teas from the water containers in the kitchen.
“So the teas we’ve been giving them are only making them sicker?” Electra asked.
“Very likely,” Dag said. “We will bring you some uncontaminated water to use. Just hold off for an hour or two.”
“Should we come along to help carry water?” Esme asked.
“Yes, thank you,” Maki said.

They made a stop at the barrel maker’s workshop to borrow some barrels that had not yet held water, then they found Gerd and asked him to question the Silent Men about the source of their drinking water.
Gerd nodded. “I will ask a man at the iron works that I have traded with. Where are you going with those barrels?” he asked.
“We are going to get water,” Maki answered.
Gerd walked with them as far as the iron works and found his friend. After questioning him about the source of their water, he translated the answer. “He says they get their drinking water from a nearby well, and you do not need to fill these barrels. They will take care of bringing whatever water is needed.”
“Yes, thank him for that, but would you ask him where the well is located exactly? We think men may be getting sick here because their water is contaminated.”
“He says that is not possible. They take care that no animals go near their well and keep it secured when not in use.”
“Tell him we are experts in this field and believe the poison has come in from a higher elevation in the water table,” Maki persisted.
Gerd spoke to the Silent Man for some time before translating.
“He asks, how does he know you do not wish to find the well in order to poison it yourself?”
“Tell him we have come a long way to help those who are sick and dying. We are not here to kill them.”
The Silent Man shrugged on hearing this and told Gerd he would take them to the well.
They walked along, rolling the barrels before them, to the well which sat at the edge of the village, covered with a wooden pallet.  A long rope tied to a bucket lay neatly coiled atop the pallet.
The Silent Man removed the pallet and lowered the bucket into the well until they heard a soft splash.
Dag took note of the spot on the rope at the top of the well and tied a piece of string there to mark the depth of the well.
When the bucket was raised, Maki took it from the Silent Man and dumped the contents on the ground.
The Silent Man frowned and spoke to Gerd.
“He says you should not waste a man’s labor,” Gerd said.
“Tell him we know what we are doing. The water is poisoned,” Maki said. “They will need to find a new source of water from a higher elevation.”
Maki and Dag spread the rope out in a line along the ground and measured the length in paces.
After pacing it off to judge the depth, they nodded to one another. The well water was indeed beneath the level of the cave that held the statue.
Turning to Gerd, Maki said, “Ask him the source of the river that runs through the plateau.”
Gerd questioned the Silent Man and then said, “There is a spring-fed lake in those hills that catches the rains.” He pointed to some distant hills.
Maki nodded. “From now on they will need to draw their water from the river beyond the grazing area, Tell him we found their goddess’s statue but we did not touch it. It was filled with poison that has been carried down into the water that runs below ground to the level of the well’s water.”
“Who would poison our statue?” The Silent Man asked when Gerd explained the problem.
“Tell them their goddess’s mother, who came to take her child back from them after they kidnapped her from Helsop, was very angry with the Silent Men for taking her daughter. She wanted to kill all the Silent Men and that is why she put poison in the statue.”
The Silent Man looked very sad and asked if their goddess knew this.
Maki told him that Esme sensed evil in the statue but was too young to even know what poison was. She just knew they should get rid of it.
The Silent Man smiled at Esme, his faith restored.
Esme said quickly, “Tell him I am not a goddess. I can only sense evil as others can. Tell him I wanted to save them because they were kind to me and gave me wolf pups, not because I am any kind of goddess.”
Gerd translated this but the Silent Man continued to smile at Esme in a manner that suggested reverence.
They made the long trek to the edge of the grazing area where streams ran into the pasturelands and filled their barrels there.
“This is a lot further for them to go to get water,” Esme noted.
“Over time with new seasons of rain, the well may flush itself clean,” Maki said. “We can tell them to test it on animals in a couple years’ time. It should eventually become usable again, but it would be best if they take the statue and dispose of it in a dry area further down the mountain.”

Later that day Gerd explained all this again to the sanctuary’s highest priest. The priest listened quietly and then asked Gerd to thank the men who had found the source of the sickness that had ravaged the brotherhood. He then asked if their goddess had come back to stay.

Chapter 17

Sanctuary of the Silent Men

For the next few days Esme and Electra continued to care for the poisoned Silent Men with teas and tinctures made with poison-free water.
Maki came by the kitchen area of the sanctuary along with Dag and Gerd on the fourth day of their visit. “When will you be ready to leave?” he asked Electra.
“The men are improving rapidly now that we have dealt with the source of the poison,” Electra said. “I believe we could leave tomorrow. I will just stockpile a few herbs for them to continue their own treatment.”
Gerd spoke up with a question for Esme. “Everyone wants to know if you will stay this time,” he said.
Esme sighed. “No. The next time one asks, tell him I am not their goddess and I do not share their beliefs. Tell them I am a follower of Yeshua.”
“Who is Yeshua?” Gerd asked.
“A person who performed miracles, died and came back to life three days later,” Esme said.
“Is he still alive today?” Gerd asked.
“Yes, but he has gone to his home in heaven, where his followers will one day join him,” Esme said.
Gerd shook his head. “They will be even more inclined to claim you as their goddess if I tell them that. They will want to know how to follow you to your home in heaven.”
“Tell them they cannot continue to believe in goddesses and also follow Yeshua. It is not possible,” Esme said.
Electra spoke up. “If they wish, a few can come to Helsop. We can try to learn their language and attempt to enlighten them about Yeshua’s life and death. Perhaps you would like to come as well and act as their translator,” she offered.
“Yes, I should like to know more as well,” Gerd said. “What trade goods have you in Helsop?”
Electra smiled. “We are a village of blacksmiths. We have tools and swords to trade. And I have medicinal herbs to trade. I am head teacher at a school of medicine for women.”
“All your students are women?” Gerd asked.
“Yes,” Electra said.
“If we could stop at my village on the way back, I could pick up some dried fish and nets to trade. Are any of your students unspoken for?”
“You mean as potential wives?” Electra asked.
“Yes, my younger brother is looking for someone to marry who is not a close relative,” Gerd said.
Electra laughed. “Yes, I believe your younger brother would be able to find a promising candidate among our student population.”
“Good. I will spread the word. How many Silent Men would you be willing to take along to Helsop?”
Electra looked at Maki. “Two?” she asked.
Maki shrugged. “It is up to you and Dagon. You would be the ones finding housing and food for them.”
Electra thought for a moment. “We have a sheepdog now – Skye. Could we take a few sheep as well? In exchange for my herbs? And perhaps the two Silent Men chosen could be men who are good with keeping sheep or spinning wool?”
Maki considered the request. “It sounds a bit crowded for our ship. We can go with the current as far as the fishing village, but once we begin to row, the sheep could be a problem.” He looked at Gerd. “Have you or your brother access to a bigger ship?”
“There is our father’s fishing boat,” Gerd said. “He may allow us to borrow it if my brother returns quickly with it. He has quite a supply of dried fish that he would like to sell. Nets as well.”
Maki nodded. “Very well. Two shepherds, two ewes and a ram, and we will leave tomorrow at dawn.”
Everyone nodded and the group split up to begin their separate tasks.
“Do you think Dagon will be pleased to find we are returning with sheep and Silent Men?” Esme asked Electra.
“I rather doubt it,” Electra said, “but he will adjust.”
Esme laughed. “We may have started something with the younger brother as well. What young man would not be pleased to find a wife already trained as a physician?”
“Many would, I suspect,” Electra said. “I originally opened my school for girls because they were not allowed in other medical schools. There seems to be a great prejudice against educated women.”
Esme nodded. “My own father was against my study of medicine. But that was because he felt it too messy an occupation for a princess.”
“There is no denying that aspect,” Electra agreed.
“I think if my father does name me heir apparent to Henge’s throne, I will not take on the traditional role of commander-in-chief. I will leave that for my husband. I think I will continue to be a physician and perhaps find ways to expand trade as you do.”
“I do not look for ways to expand trade,” Electra objected.
“That is not your objective in bringing sheep to Helsop?”
“No, my objective is always in keeping our villagers healthy and well fed. That was my aim in beginning a fishing industry. Mutton along with wool garments for the cold winter months fall into the same category.”
“I see,” Esme said. “And passing on the teachings of Yeshua to foreigners?”
Electra blushed. “That is actually a new goal. I am not sure that Dagon will approve. Do you approve? Are you really becoming a follower of Yeshua as you claimed?”
Esme shrugged. “I am waiting to learn more. Shalin is determined to find the original purpose of her ring. She now believes it may have been made before the time Yeshua took human form. That its crafting took place in response to a prediction made by Persian astrologers a thousand or more years ago. She means to track it down if it takes a lifetime. I should like to hear what she discovers before I commit to the beliefs of those in Constantinople.”
Electra nodded. “I understand.”
“And why is it that you do not demand more proof for believing such a fantastic account?” Esme asked.
Electra shrugged. “Some have their hearts opened. They hear and they believe. I am one of those.”

The next morning the group ready to leave the sanctuary gathered around the Silent Men’s temple. Prayer wheels were spun and the Silent Men chanted. Many came with small gifts for Esme, their goddess.
The leaders told them the three sheep were gifts, but Electra had already left herbs and instructions for her patients.
Maki gave a concerned glance at the group, now enlarged in size enough to test their ship’s capacity.
With heartfelt glances and a new resolve to stay silent in the absence of their goddess, the Silent Men waved their goodbyes.
Maki led the way down the mountain while Dag and Esme brought up the rear with the three sheep.
“All in all, it seems a successful mission,” Esme said
“We are not home yet,” Dag replied.

Chapter 18

City of Thessalonica

Shalin sat in her cabin aboard the Sea Dancer, struggling to translate a passage from the Fish Book from Greek to English. She could have used Soldad’s help but he had been busy all morning with the repair of the damaged sail.
The Greek version of “Land ho, land ho,” rang out from voices on the deck above. Shalin threw down her quill and rushed out into the companionway.
She found Soldad at the bow of the ship, looking out at a land mass off in the distance.
“Is it Thessalonica?” she asked, catching her breath.
Soldad’s smile was contagious. “Otherwise known as your future home,” he said.
“And you are its governor,” Shalin said.
“Co-governor,” Soldad corrected. “And thankful for it. Without my father’s more experienced hand, I am sure I would feel quite overwhelmed.”
“Not to mention, less free to travel,” Shalin added.
Soldad laughed. “Did I fail to mention that? Have no fear. I have not forgotten my promise to introduce you to our Parsi friends.” He looked out again at the distant land mass. “How goes your translation of the Fish Book?”
Shalin sighed. “Not well. I am working on several of Electra’s favorite passages and must admit they make no sense to me.”
“Which book are you working in?” Soldad asked.
“The one called Hebrews.”
“Ah, of course it would make no sense,” Soldad said. “To understand Hebrews, you would need to be familiar with the Old Book of Testimonies.”
“The Old Book?” Shalin said.
“Yes, the Fish Book is the New Book of Testimonies.”
“I did not know there was an Old Book. Why is it important?”
“Because Yeshua came to fulfill the prophecies and promises of the Old Book. But when the Jewish leaders spurned him and had Him put to death on the cross, everything changed.”
“What changed?” Shalin asked, totally mystified.
“God’s grace replaced the Jewish law as the path to salvation. Now salvation was open to all who believe. The law lost its power to condemn,” Soldad said.
“I really do not understand,” Shalin said. “I know you are speaking English but it might as well be a language I have no knowledge of.”
Soldad smiled. “I have explained it poorly. Please forgive me. But it is a long and many-faceted story. God made many promises to the Jewish patriarchs, in particular to a man called Abraham.”
Shalin nodded. “I have seen his name mentioned many times in the Fish Book.”
“God always keeps his promises. He promised things which would come to pass in the future – to Abraham’s descendants. Many of those promises came to pass in the telling of the Old Testimonies, which covered a time of thousands of years.”
“So much time!” Shalin remarked.
“Yes, and during that time God’s people, Israel, were under the law, commandments of conduct that involved strict codes of behavior, even covering what foods could be eaten and what sacrifices were to be made when offenses occurred.”
“Strict rules to live by,” Shalin said, nodding.
“Exactly. And one of the promises God made was that in the fullness of time, a savior king from the line of David, one of Abraham’s descendants, would be sent to Israel. Some of the prophecies were very explicit about what this savior would be like. How he would live and even how he would die at the hands of his own people.”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “Yeshua himself often refers to those prophecies.”
“But because of Israel’s failure to recognize Yeshua as their savior king, Yeshua came back to life after death and ascended into heaven where he chose a new apostle, Paul, to take a new message of salvation to the Gentiles.”
“The Gentiles were those like your ancestors, the Romans,” Shalin said.
“Yes, the Romans, the Greeks, slaves, everyone except the Hebrews,” Soldad said.
“Why then, was God writing to the Hebrews?” Shalin asked.
“Because some of them believed Yeshua was the Messiah. And Paul wanted to inform those few of this new covenant from God. But they were having a hard time leaving the law behind, having been steeped in it from their youth.”
“Yes, you are right. It does begin to make more sense now,” Shalin said. “How is this all so clear to you?”
“Likely because I have been steeped in the New Testimonies since my youth,” Soldad said, grinning.
“So people do not change, even over thousands of years. Their beliefs are set early in life,” Shalin said.
“That is often the case,” Soldad said. “Do you think you could live among people who believe as I do?”
Shalin watched as Thessalonica grew closer. “I think it will be easier if I come to believe as they do,” she said honestly.
“And do you believe your ring has brought you to these shores?”
Shalin pulled the ring from beneath her tunic and felt it for warmth. There was no sign of warmth or awakening. “No, I do not think so.”
“You know this from holding your ring in your hand?” Soldad asked.
“Yes,” Shalin replied. “When we approached Bayrut I felt a warmth and when we approached Tyre, even more so.”
“Amazing!” Soldad said. “We really must get to the bottom of these mysterious emanations.”
Serafina joined Soldad and Shalin at the ship’s bow. “Is that Thessalonica in the distance?” she asked.
“It is,” Soldad confirmed. “And soon you will be meeting my father in his new capacity as governor of the province.”
As the ship sailed closer, they could see a broad plain stretching out beyond the beach all the way to a distant back drop of green hills. Many ships dotted the harbor area, and a crumbling wall bordered the sea.
By the time the Sea Dancer reached the wharf, many people had gathered to welcome them.
The gangplank was lowered and Soldad walked down into the waiting arms of his family. He stepped back to make the introductions.
“I know you remember my mother Valeria, my brother Tome, our adopted sister Helena and now you meet my father Felix, Governor of Thessalonica.”
Turning to face his guests Soldad said, “Father, I bring you Queen Serafina of Henge and her daughter, my fiancé, Princess Shalin.”
Felix made a deep bow. “I am required to greet you respectfully as visiting royalty, but I choose to greet you more warmly, as new members of my family.” He opened his arms for a welcoming hug and Shalin walked into his embrace.
Serafina allowed a brief hug before stepping back and offering her hand to other members of the family.
“It is official then?” Felix asked his son. “Your proposal was accepted?”
“It was,” Soldad confirmed, “though with provisions.”
“And those provisions would be?” Felix asked.
“Thessalonica must pass muster and there is to be a long engagement with time set aside to visit the Parsis in Hindustan.”
“How intriguing,” Governor Felix said. “Shall we begin then with a short tour of Thessalonica?”
“That would be most appreciated,” Serafina said.

Chapter 19

Thessalonica

They walked through a gate of the crumbling seawall to see Thessalonica spread out before them on the hillside.
“This is a very old wall,” Felix said, “built quickly from materials at hand to repel the Goths. We will use it as a buttress against a new wall.”
Serafina nodded. “This is a very old city then?” she asked.
“Very old,” Felix said. “It became the second largest city of the new Roman headquarters—Byzantium.
“I see a large walled complex further up the hill,” Serafina said, shading her eyes from the sun.
“Also Roman construction,” Felix said. “There to the right you see the old hippodrome where chariot races were run. Next to it are the remains of the old Roman baths, portions of which are still in use and connected to the palace.
Shalin looked at the palace complex. “Is this where we will live?” she asked.
“Yes,” Soldad said. “Parts of it are new, other parts old. It seems it has been constantly under construction for the past thousand years.”
“I find that captivating,” Shalin replied. “So parts of my home might be a thousand years old?”
“Even older,” Soldad said with a smile. “Thessalonica was already an historic city when Paul the Apostle came to spread the gospel among its residents.”
“The Apostle Paul walked these streets?” Shalin asked.
“He most certainly did. In fact, he boasted of the faithfulness of his converts here in one of his famous letters,” Soldad said.
“I am already falling under this city’s spell,” Shalin said.
Soldad placed his hand over his heart. “An answered prayer. I so hoped it would find favor with you.”
Shalin could not stop smiling as they walked up a broad street lined with modest homes and businesses on their way to the palace complex.

They could see the juxtaposition of old and new buildings as they rounded the corner of the great Roman-built wall and continued through the arches of an ornate gate into the courtyard of the Basilica – a two-story building built for giants, with towering marble walls and an intricately patterned mosaic floor.
“These great walls enclosed the reception areas for large masses of people when Byzantine emperors and their entourages would visit,” Felix said. “Just through this passageway you will see the courtyard that fronts the baths.”
Shalin was in awe of the ancient grandeur, the frescoes adorning the walls, the mosaics below their feet, the babbling sounds of water running through channels below to burst forth in fountains throughout the vast courtyard.
“What is that temple further up the hill?” she asked.
“That is the remains of the Acropolis,” Soldad said. “All the ancient Macedonian cities had one. They usually picked the highest elevation in the city for its placement.”
“Fascinating,” Shalin said.
“And now,” Felix said, “we shall move on to the residential area, just through the remaining functional baths.”
Shalin moved up to walk closer to Soldad’s mother Valeria and the rescued granddaughter of Constantinople’s emperor, Helena. “We were so worried about you during the siege,” she said. “It is wonderful to see you in happier circumstances.”
“We could not have held on much longer when Felix and Soldad came to rescue us,” Valeria said. “It was your Greek fire that saved us.”
“I am so glad they arrived in time,” Shalin said. “It must have been terrible.”
“It was,” Helena said. “I still have nightmares and awake thinking there will be no food.”
“Perhaps living here in a new place will help to dispel old fears,” Shalin said.
“It has helped a bit,” Helena said. “I like to walk down to the beach and reassure myself with the smell of fish.”
Shalin smothered a giggle. “One day we will have to visit Helsop together. The smell of drying fish is quite pervasive there.”
“I thought you lived in Henge,” Helena said.
“I have been most recently living in Helsop, attending my cousin’s school of medicine,” Shalin said.
“You are studying to become a physician?” Valeria asked.
“Yes, I have learned quite a lot over the winter, but I still have much to learn.”
“Will you be returning then, to finish your studies?” Valeria asked.
“I do not know,” Shalin said, “so much has changed since Soldad arrived with his proposal of marriage.”
“So much has changed in our lives as well, since Felix and Soldad were appointed to this governorship,” Valeria said.
“And here we have our living quarters,” Felix announced.
Another great marble colonnaded facade at the edge of the baths greeted them. They entered into a richly adorned hall with frescos of scenes taken from epic literature – battles and pastoral interludes from times past.
“The rooms are heated by pipes running from the same furnace area that heats the baths,” Felix said.
“With such a mild climate, one hardly needs additional heat,” Serafina remarked.
“No small comfort has been overlooked by our indulgent Byzantine ancestors,” Felix said with a smile.
A few servants scurried into view as soon as Governor Felix entered the palace, waiting quietly for orders.
“Perhaps you would care to see the rooms we have made ready for you?” Felix asked.
“That would be most appreciated,” Serafina said. “I should like to take a short rest.”
Shalin could not have been more surprised by her mother’s request. She could not recall her mother ever admitting to the need for a rest. She wondered with alarm if her malaria might have returned.
After Shalin and Serafina were installed in sumptuous gilded rooms, hung with heavy embroidered curtains and views of the sea, Shalin left her own room to visit her mother.
“Are you ill, Mother,” she asked. “Is it the malaria?” She reached out to feel her mother’s forehead.
“No, I only wanted some time alone to think,” Serafina said.
Shalin sat on the large bed across from where her mother sat on a couch, looking out to the sparkling sea below. “You have troubling thoughts?” she asked, knowing she could likely read her mother’s thoughts, but preferred to hear them from her mother’s lips.
“Yes, this is a rich and luxurious city, with a vast port area and an important trade position. It has a mild climate year round, a rich history and an enviable citizenry. All these things make it a prize worth fighting for. I fear for your safety in such a place.”
“So Thessalonica is too wonderful a place?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, I see no hope of living a peaceful life here,” Serafina concluded.
“So you will oppose the marriage?” Shalin asked.
“No, of course not. I am sure you will be happy living here – until the next invading army comes.”
Shalin got up to join her mother on the couch. “Surely it will be a nice place for you to visit. Perhaps you could find some relief from the cold winters in Henge by spending your winters here.”
Serafina hugged Shalin and nodded. “Perhaps.”

Chapter 20

Thessalonica

Serafina’s words were not lost on Shalin. Everywhere she looked in this ancient city of Thessalonica, there was evidence of time passing and notable events having taken place. She walked out into the city that evening with Soldad as her guide.
“Have there been many past attacks on the city?” she asked.
Soldad nodded. “So many. Attacks from the Goths in Roman times. That is when the seawall was constructed, hundreds of years ago. It was a rushed construction. The better walls around the hill area were built in the Roman fashion with close-fitting dressed stones, towers, arched gates and triangular bulwarks at vulnerable points.  The Byzantines have survived attacks by Normans, Saracens and now, Ottomans.”
“Mother feels the city invites attacks just by existing as an enviable port,” Shalin said.
“It is true,” Soldad agreed. “It is man’s nature to seek out the best. Have I not proved that by asking for your hand as soon as I had the necessary qualifications?”
“I would have agreed to marry you while you were still a trader,” Shalin chided.
“But would your father have agreed?” Soldad asked.
“Father sometimes does not know his own mind,” Shalin said.
“What do you mean?” Soldad asked.
“He thinks he is being a good father by finding us husbands of high positions when in fact he only wants to keep us near to him.” Shalin ran her finger over an inscription in the wall before them. “Vincit que se vincit. Latin for ‘He conquers who conquers himself’,” she said, translating the Latin inscription.

Soldad laughed. “I am sure that is true of most fathers. A sacrifice they make for the good of their children.”
“I love this old city already,” Shalin said. “I love its history and the remnants left behind by past civilizations. The acropolis on the hill and the writings of the ancient Greek philosophers.”
“Yes, we have a heritage challenging to live up to,” Soldad agreed.
“I should like to begin at once to explore this city’s libraries and monuments, but I feel I have a narrow window of time to hold you to your promise of visiting the Parsis before you become too immersed in your duties here as governor to allow such a voyage.”
“I agree,” Soldad said. “Just now my family is so delighted with your acceptance of my offer they will grant any stipulation. Once our marriage is a fact, my father may become more demanding.”
“So we should plan to leave at once?”
Soldad nodded. “I will speak to him without delay.”
“Any chance we might add a trip to Tyre and Bethleem to the itinerary?” Shalin asked.
“Perhaps such a need might develop after our visit to the Parsis. One we did not originally anticipate. One that we need not announce in advance, but might explain later when our arrival back in Thessalonica is delayed.”
“You are already a sage diplomat,” Shalin said, grinning. “I admire your art.”
“They sat on a low bench beside a gate in the Roman wall and watched the moonrise together. Shalin could not recall a more perfect time in her life.

The next morning at breakfast, Shalin looked around at her future family. Only Tome was missing. “Why have we not seen Tome as yet?” she asked.
Valeria smiled. “He is painting a fresco in the Church of the Virgin. He is trying to finish it in time for the annual celebration of the birth of our patron saint, Saint Demitrios.”
Shalin looked at Soldad. “Perhaps we might visit him there and see his progress?”
“Perhaps,” Soldad said, “though Father has given his permission for our voyage to Hindustan and we should leave without delay to take advantage of the good weather.”
Governor Felix nodded. “When last I was there I promised to return with grain and purple dyes. The Parsi traders promised a load of cowrie shells at a good price in return.”
Soldad smiled. “A good price on cowrie shells will translate into a good price for needed gold dust. Perhaps on my return, I could make one last trip to Timbitu to supply the emperor’s mint.”
Felix shook his head. “We have traders enough to make the trip to Timbitu for gold. Your next trip will be to Henge for your wedding ceremony.” 
Shalin and Soldad shared a glance and Serafina arched an eyebrow. It seemed Felix’s new position as Governor had come with a new propensity to issue commands.
Soldad was quick to take on his affable role. “Then the sooner we leave and return, the better, no?” He lifted his glass of juice. “Here is to fair winds and calm seas and a speedy return.”
Everyone raised their glasses in agreement.
“Might you be ready to leave by tomorrow morning?” Soldad asked, looking at Shalin and Serafina.
Serafina nodded her agreement and Shalin put her hand over the place where her ring lay under her tunic without even being conscious of the gesture. “Will we need any special clothes for the climate there?” she asked.
“It will be hot and humid,” Soldad warned. “The humidity intensifies the heat. And we will likely arrive close to monsoon season when the rain falls in floods. You will want protection for your feet.”
Serafina nodded. “Perhaps we should visit the sandal makers.”
Helena looked up. “I can take you there. I am in need of some new sandals myself and I know of an excellent craftsman.”
“We would appreciate it,” Serafina said.
Soldad stood. “In that case, I will ready my crew for the voyage and see to supplying the ship. It is a long voyage to India and we shall need to arrange for a cargo of grain and purple dyes as well.”

As Serafina, Shalin and Helena walked down the hill to Thessalonica’s marketplace, Shalin asked Helena if she liked living in this new city.
“It is smaller and less sophisticated than Constantinople but I am happy to be here. After nearly starving to death in Constantinople I was happy to leave. I still carry memories that take the form of sleepless nights and I sometimes arise searching for food.”
“How ghastly,” Shalin said. She wanted to ask if Helena had ever had news of her family in Levant but supposed they must all have died. Otherwise Helena would be with them. She did not wish to stir up more bad memories.
“Will you come to the wedding in Henge?” she asked instead.
“Of course,” Helena said. “Is Henge a grand city?”
Shalin stifled a smile that might offend her mother. “I suppose it is grand in its own way. We take pride in our stoicism and our resourcefulness.”
Helena considered these words. “I hope you will not be offended by our bent toward excesses and luxuries.”
“Perhaps my presence will provide a needed balance,” Shalin replied diplomatically, as she imagined befitting the future wife of a governor.

Chapter 21

Kingdom of Henge

King Blackwell found himself spending more time at his half-brother’s theater of late. This morning only Phinn, his wife Juanita and his son Drake had joined him for breakfast at the castle, the other actors apparently preferring to breakfast in their own cottages. Phinn, as always, had invited his brother to attend his rehearsal and give his opinion on his latest theatrical production.
As King Blackwell watched Phinn and Drake interact on stage as wizard and wizard’s apprentice, it struck him that Shalin was lost to him forever. She would soon be taking up residence in Thessalonica. How could this have happened? And what was he, King of Henge doing, wasting his time watching his brother’s rehearsals?
He stood abruptly, then sat down just as abruptly. He had nowhere to go, nothing to do except worry about where King Gundar might choose to launch a surprise attack against Henge.
Phinn called a halt on stage and told his fellow actors to take a rest while Lars and Smiles fixed a broken harness behind the back curtain.
Phinn stepped down from the stage and came to sit beside his brother.
“Did you think the wizard was being too demanding of his apprentice in that scene?” Phinn asked Blackwell.
“What?” King Blackwell said absently.
“When the wizard demanded that his apprentice spend the evening memorizing spells for recovering lost items? Did that seemed too harsh?” Phinn asked.
“No, but perhaps…,” Blackwell said in a distracted manner.
“Anything on your mind?” Phinn asked.
“Shalin will be getting married soon,” Blackwell said.
“Yes,” Phinn said. “Soldad seems a good-natured man in spite of his new powerful position. I daresay it will be a fortuitous union.”
“I still have another unanswered proposal on my desk for Esme’s hand. From Boris of Constantinople, great nephew to the emperor.”
“Boris of the royal bloodline,” Phinn said with a smile. “Are you inclined to accept his proposal?”
“No,” King Blackwell said. “I believe I am more inclined to ban from Henge all future suitors for my daughters’ hands.”
Phinn laughed. “Perhaps a suitor from right here in Henge might be the better choice.”
Blackwell brightened. “Yes, perhaps one of my generals.”
Phinn shook his head. “Your generals are all quite elderly. I fear that would result in a very short marriage.”
Blackwell managed a smile. “I suppose it is quite evident I am a lonely man. Why is it my family insists on leaving at every opportunity? Is it me they seek to flee from?”
“You could have gone with Shalin and Serafina to Thessalonica,” Phinn said gently.
Blackwell looked surprised at Phinn’s comment. “That would have left you in charge when a reprisal from King Gundar is likely imminent.”
Phinn’s face turned pale as he considered his brother’s words. “Thank you for not leaving,” he said.
“Yes, you are welcome,” Blackwell said, feeling somewhat restored. “What do you think of young Dag of Helsop? He seems to always be hovering around my daughter. He is nothing more than a scout although he seems proficient at that. Could someone from Helsop possibly be an acceptable match for a princess of Henge?”
Phinn shrugged. “I do not share your ideas about the importance of bloodlines. I am the same man I was before I knew my father was a king. People may treat me differently now that I am Phinn the Ambassador rather than Take the Thief, but I have not forgotten my past as an orphan struggling to survive in Fernland’s marketplace.”
“Yes, you are to be commended for your survival against all odds,” Blackwell noted.
“And Dag seems to have excelled in his circumstances,” Phinn noted. “There is something to be said for that.”
King Blackwell let out a deep breath. “I believe I will notify Boris of Constantinople that through no fault of his own, we must refuse his petition at this time.”
“I do not believe Esme will be upset by that decision,” Phinn said.
“No, I am sure she will not be. But refusing Boris does not mean acceptance of a scout,” Blackwell stated emphatically.
“No, of course not,” Phinn said. “Your mention of a surprise attack on King Gundar’s part brings up a matter I have wanted to discuss with you.”
“What is that?” Blackwell asked cautiously.
“Since losing the Kingdom of Henge and falling heir to the Prince Avor, I have become very protective of my ship. I fear it is too vulnerable to attack here in Henge’s open harbor. Would it not be safer were I and my troupe to travel to Fernland for a time where the long estuary and its locks would offer protection?”
“Now you want to leave as well?” King Blackwell said.
Phinn put his arm on his brother’s shoulder. “No, I do not want to, but I feel an obligation to my fellow actors to protect our ship from attack. How would we continue as ambassadors without it?”
“We are bringing in great shipments of gold and gifts from Constantinople just now. We can buy another ship if need be,” Blackwell said.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Phinn agreed. “Do you agree that the Prince Avor would be a likely target?”
“I do not know,” King Blackwell said. “I almost wonder if Gundar even received my message demanding the ransom of his ship for his son’s release. It seems we should have had some response by now, either in the form of a capitulation or an attack. The waiting is taking a toll.”
“What have you heard from the soldiers you left aboard the King Gundar in Fernland’s port? Have they noted any unusual activity or suspicious interest?” Phinn asked.
“I have weekly reports,” Blackwell replied. “So far nothing seems amiss, although now that sailing weather has commenced, there has been an increase in activity there in King’s Lake.”
“Any news from King Geoffrey?”
“Nothing from King Geoffrey directly. Only a mention from my spies there that his mint is now producing coins with his likeness stamped upon them.”
Phinn smiled. “You have a good bit of gold yourself now in storage. Are you tempted to begin minting your own likeness on bits of it?”
King Blackwell smiled. “It would be something to keep my mind off my family’s constant absences. Perhaps I should ask my soldiers to take a tour of Fernland’s new mint and tell me what would be required to start such an enterprise here in Henge.”
“As you say, it would be something to occupy your time while we await a response from Sandovia,” Phinn said.

Chapter 22

On the Thebes River

As Gerd the Trader’s overcrowded ship neared the fishing village where Gerd’s family lived, Esme noticed a group of ships out in Cold Lake change course to intercept them.
“Vagans,” Maki shouted. “Pull in your oars. Let Gerd speak for us.”
Maki moved closer to Gerd and spoke softly. “Tell them we are all friends of your family. The Silent Men have come here to sell their sheep to your father,” he said.
“All right,” Gerd said.
One of the Vagans shouted out a question in their language and Gerd answered in the same tongue.
“They want to know where the others come from,” Maki said.
“I speak Greek,” Esme told Maki. “We could say we are from Constantinople.”
“How do we explain having a Vagan ship?” Maki asked.
“Gerd took it in trade?” Esme suggested. She was beginning to panic, as she lowered her voice. “I could cause one of their ships to ram into another while we make our escape.”
“Let us try your first idea,” Maki said glancing at the hard eyes of the Vagans.
Maki spoke in Gerd’s ear. “Tell them we come from Constantinople, seeking enlightenment from the Silent Men. You rented this ship from someone in exchange for fish. Someone who came to the inn at your village and will be back to collect it soon.”
The Vagan men continued to focus on Esme as Gerd translated Maki’s words into the Vagan language.
“They want to know if Esme is unmarried,” Gerd said.
One of the Silent Men stood up and spoke to the Vagan men.
“What are the Silent Men saying?” Maki asked under his breath, barely containing his anger at their interference.
“That she is their goddess and they will protect her with their lives. The Vagans are not to touch her or violate her in any way.”
Maki raised his eyebrows. “That could work,” he said, surprised.
Esme watched carefully as the Vagans talked among themselves, laughing at times. She rued her promise to Maki. She hungered to ram one Vagan ship into another and send these smiling oafs overboard to swim for their lives.
The Vagan who seemed to be the one to make decisions said something to Gerd and laughed, signaling to his crew to take up their oars and proceed up river.
“What did he say?” Esme demanded of Gerd.
“Nothing a lady would care to hear about,” Gerd replied.
Esme narrowed her eyes and considered pulling the oar from the Vagan leader’s hands when Maki put his own hand on her shoulder.
“That could have had a very different outcome,” he said. “You did well to control your impulses.”
Color rose to Esme’s cheeks as she realized how close she had come to losing Maki’s trust. “I admit I would have taken great pleasure in sending them all into the drink.”
“Yes, I think they saw a spirit in you that tempted their baser instincts. The fact that you were the Silent Men’s goddess gave the situation an entirely new perspective.”
“I should thank the Silent Men for their intervention but I do not wish to encourage their beliefs in any way.”
“It seems to me they need no encouragement to hold fast to what they believe,” Maki noted.
Electra managed to get round the three sheep to join them in the bow of the ship. “Do you think they have given up?” she asked. “Did they believe Gerd?”
“I do not know,” Maki said. “But they believed the Silent Men, and according to Gerd, they trade with them on occasion. They likely will not give us more trouble. But I should like to get out of Vagan waters as soon as possible.”
“If we are able to exchange ships with Gerd’s father, we should be able to escape further Vagan interest,” Electra reasoned.

As they spoke, the current brought them to the outskirts of Gerd’s village.
“There is my father’s ship,” Gerd shouted happily. “It looks as though he has made a good catch.”
They all looked out at a ship just tying up at the dock in front of the inn. Seagulls swarmed the skies above the ship, diving and quarreling raucously over the scraps thrown out by the crew from the gutted fish in the hold. The ship sat low in the water from the weight of a heavy cargo.
Gerd waved from the bow until his father recognized him and waved back with a surprised expression.
Esme knew Gerd had led one of the Silent Men into Helsop on foot and stopped to wonder now if they had walked all the way from here to Helsop.
“How did you and the Silent Man get to Helsop?” she asked Gerd.
Gerd hung his head. “I lost my ship,” he said. “I bought an old ship, one that needed repair, and before I had time to make the repairs the Silent Man came by the village on foot. He offered a good price to take him to Helsop. With so many dying, he was desperate. I decided to take the risk.”
“How far did you get before your ship failed?” Esme asked.
“A two day trek from your village,” he said. “The freeze had broken but it was cold that last night and the water re-froze around us. It cracked the weakened hull and we began to take on water. It was already sinking by the time we made it to shore.”
“Your father will be happy you survived without injury,” Esme said.
Gerd shook his head. “He will think me a fool for taking such a chance with a damaged ship.”
Esme smiled. “We will tell him you saved our lives just now. The Vagans would have killed us if they had known we were from Helsop.”
“Why is that?” Gerd asked.
“It is a long story. Let us just say they came to conquer our village and were not successful in their endeavor.”
“I see,” Gerd said, although it was clear to Esme that he did not.

They tied up their crowded ship at the dock. While Gerd went to tell his father all that had happened in his long absence, the others went into the inn.
The innkeeper welcomed them and Esme thought he might be the same man who had given her the ragdoll when she visited at three years old. The smiling innkeeper tried a few languages before settling on what few words he knew of English.
“You sail aboard a Vagan ship?” he asked.
Maki nodded. “Ales all around,” he ordered.
“Coming right up,” the innkeeper said.

Chapter 23

Inn at Fishing Village on Thebes River

As the innkeeper delivered a large pitcher of ale and six glasses, Gerd and his father walked into the inn.
“Two more glasses, Bern, if you please,” Gerd said.
Gerd stood at the end of the long table and looked at his shipmates. “This is my father, Sven the Fisherman. Father, these are my shipmates, Maki the Scout, Dag the Scout, Princess Electra, Princess Esme and, from the sanctuary, Lobsang and Namdak.”
Everyone shook hands and regrouped around the table.
“Father brought in a fine catch today so you’re all invited to our cottage for lunch. Fresh fish – a real treat!”
Esme and Dag exchanged a brief smile. Fresh fish were an every day staple in Helsop.
“We had a bit of contention with some Vagan ships just outside the river’s mouth,” Gerd told his father.
His father answered in his own Norse tongue.
“Father says there have been a lot of Vagan ships hereabout lately, taking seal skins on the north shore of the lake,” Gerd told the group. “They always bring trouble with them.”
“Where do you suppose they were going when they surrounded us?” Maki asked.
“Could be on a raid to find slaves,” Gerd said. “They are a lazy bunch, and will find others to do their work when they can.”
“Would they raid the sanctuary of the Silent Men?” Esme asked nervously.
“Not likely,” Gerd said. “They are not apt to climb that great mountain. And they buy wine and wool that comes from the sanctuary, so they cannot afford to make them enemies.”
“What else is up the River Thebes?” Maki asked.
“If one goes far enough, there are the peat bogs. Cutting out squares of peat is easier than cutting down trees for burning. They may well be after peat to stay warm,” Gerd said.
Electra looked around the cozy inn. “I think we could all do with a bed and a bath tonight,” she said. “Are there rooms enough for all of us here?” she asked Gerd.
“Let me find out,” Gerd said. He walked down through the back door to find Bern and returned smiling. “Bern says he can accommodate you all. I’ll be staying at my own place tonight, but Bern will accommodate the rest of you.”
Sven the Fishermen stood and spoke to his son in their native tongue.
Gerd nodded. “Father has to see to his fish but he asked you all to come to his cottage once you are settled here. I’ll be going to see my family now, but I’ll come by in an hour or so to collect you all and take you to Father’s house.”
“Thank you, Gerd,” Electra said, as Bern came through the back door with a handful of keys.
They all finished their ale and followed Bern out the back to a separate building divided into rooms with cots and chamber pots. Two small rooms at one end of the building offered a men’s tub and a women’s tub for bathing.
Electra chose a room with two beds for her and Esme while the Silent Men and the scouts continued on with Bern.
“What first?” Electra asked, “nap or bath?”
“Bath for me,” Esme said.
“And for me as well,” Electra said. “Shall we lay claim to both tubs?”
Esme laughed. “No, you go ahead. I’ll use the same water.”
Esme lay down on the bed and fell asleep instantly.
Electra picked up her satchel and walked down to the bath. There she poured several pails full of water from a trough into the tub, and added another bucket of heated water from the cauldron hung over the room’s fireplace. She luxuriated in the warmth of the water for a few minutes before washing her hair quickly as the water cooled.
Pulling out a bucket full of lukewarm water from the bathtub, she quickly washed her worn clothes and donned new ones from her pack.
On returning to their room, she considered waking Esme and decided to let her sleep for another hour. They were both tired from long nights tending the sick Silent Men.
A loud knock at the door woke both Esme and Electra.
Esme staggered to the door, feeling grumpy and disoriented.
Dag stood smiling on the other side. “Gerd has come to collect us,” he said, his eyes running over her disheveled appearance. “Do you need a little more time?” he asked.
“No, of course not,” Esme said. “We are ready.” She looked back to see Electra sleeping soundly on her cot. Esme ran her fingers through her matted hair. “Let me just tell Electra you are here,” she said, closing the door in Dag’s face.

A few minutes later, Electra and Esme joined the group waiting at the door. Esme had clean clothes on, but had neglected to wash her face or comb her hair.
“Off we go then,” Gerd sang out cheerfully.
Sven’s cottage was small but cozy with a big fireplace across one side of the dining area. Gerd introduced his wife Astrid, his daughter Freda, his brother Egil and his mother Gudrun.
Gudrun had prepared a large meal of fish, bread and vegetables. Gerd traded off speaking English and translating Norse comments from his family to their guests.
“My brother Egil is very excited to go with us to Helsop and meet some of the medical students there.”
“Is he hoping to marry a student who has finished her studies?” Electra asked.
“I think he is only hoping one of the pretty ones will like him enough to marry him,” Gerd said with a smile. “But of course he would not like to know I said that.”
“Of course, we will keep that our secret,” Electra said.
“Did you ask your father about the possibility of trading ships for a time?” Maki asked.
Gerd nodded. “He said if such a trade will result in bringing a physician to our community, he is very much in favor of it.”
“I cannot promise one of my students would be willing,” Electra said. “Your village is some distance away from their friends and families.”
Gerd looked at Esme. “What about yourself, Esme? Would you be willing to marry my brother?”
Esme looked at Egil. He was busy eating the dinner his mother had placed in front of him. He appeared to be about twenty years old with blonde hair, broad shoulders and a pleasant face. Just to tease Dag, she appeared to consider the offer. “What does your brother do to earn a living?” she asked.
“He is a trapper. He also hunts the great white bears for their furs. He is quite good at it and brings in a substantial amount of money.”
Esme was suddenly glad she had not bothered to take a bath or comb her hair. It would not do to have Egil take an interest in her. “I fear my father King Blackwell of Henge would not allow me to move so far from home,” she said sadly.

Chapter 24

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey was watching as craftsmen in his new mint stamped out gold coins from the softened metal discs. He felt the Helsop artisan had made a good likeness of his profile and he could not help but be proud to see so many little golden replicas pool up in baskets at the end of his production line.
Muller the Spy came into the mint with a look of concern that intruded on Geoffrey’s good mood.
“What is it, Muller?” he asked with a hint of annoyance in his voice.
“Word from the watchtower at the entrance to the estuary to King’s Lake,” Muller said. “Perhaps no reason for alarm, but it is the Pride of Manoa on an unscheduled visit.”
“How far off schedule is it?” King Geoffrey asked.
“She was not due here in port for another month,” Muller said, “and she is flying the flag that signals royalty aboard.”
“King Gallos of Manoa?” Geoffrey said. “He rarely leaves Manoa. Perhaps it is his brother, Prince Manos. He is their ambassador of trade.”
“Perhaps, Your Majesty. I just thought you should be made aware,” Muller said.
“Quite right, Muller,” Geoffrey said. “I will alert Queen Delphinia. Order the royal carriage ready. We will meet the ship at King’s Lake.”
“Very good, Your Majesty,” Muller the Spy said, bowing and backing out of the mint.

King Geoffrey found his wife going over materials for draperies with her seamstress, Daisy.
“Geoffrey,” Delphinia said, looking up from her piece of blue velvet. “What a nice surprise. We have some new merchandise in from China. You must feel the thickness of this velvet. It is quite extraordinary.”
“Yes, perhaps later. It appears we are to have a visit from one of the royals of Manoa. Muller has just informed me that the Pride of Manoa has entered the estuary flying the ‘royals aboard’ flag.”
Delphinia’s hand flew to her cheek. “A royal visit. I must alert Chef Cristo.”
“Yes, there is time if you are quick. I have ordered the royal carriage to take us to the lake.”
Delphinia looked at Daisy. “I shall need to wear the colors of Fernland. My red and gold silk with its matching cape should do.”
“I will see to it, Your Majesty,” Daisy said, taking the piece of blue velvet from Delphinia’s lap.
“A royal visit,” Delphinia said, “how wonderful.” She paused. “You do not think this has anything to do with that pirate business down in Africa, do you?” A worried expression flashed across her face.
“I do not know,” Geoffrey said. “But certainly that is a possibility. We will soon know the reason for the visit.”

Delphinia made a quick stop at the kitchen before dressing for the visit.
“Cristo,” she called out as the slender chef stepped out of his cubicle. “We are to have royal visitors today.”
Cristo immediately straightened to his full height, which was still only as tall as Delphinia. “We shall be ready,” he said.
“It may be the king and queen of Manoa, we are not sure as yet.”
“Perhaps a leg of lamb or a venison roast?” Cristo suggested.
“Yes, I believe either would do, and perhaps partridge as well? It may only be Prince Manos here to present a new item of trade. We are going now to meet the ship at King’s Lake.”
“We shall be ready for any and all,” Cristo promised.
“I can always count on you,” Delphinia said with a smile. “And now I must go to see to my clothes. We always try to maintain our standards.”
“Always,” Cristo agreed.

Within the hour, Delphinia walked down the marble staircase in a colorful cloud of silks.
King Geoffrey was waiting in his fur cape and commander-in-chief uniform.
“You look splendid, my dear,” Delphinia said.
“As do you,” Geoffrey said. “Shall we be off then?”
Delphinia offered Geoffrey her hand as they walked out of the castle to board the royal carriage.

Geoffrey and Delphinia had just reached King’s Lake when the Pride of Manoa came through the last lock of the estuary. The great ship dropped anchor near the captured King Gundar, the ship which King Blackwell had left there for safekeeping.
The Henge soldiers stationed aboard the King Gundar were on alert up on the deck when the Pride of Manoa dropped anchor.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia could see people on the deck of the Manoan ship but could not quite make out who they were.
Two shoreboats were quickly launched and several people were on their way to shore.
Delphinia waved enthusiastically on seeing the first boat held King Gallos, Queen Elka and their children, Prince Renaldo and Princess Dagmar of Manoa.
King Geoffrey was appalled to see that the second shoreboat carried King Gundar and Queen Hilde of Sandovia.
“Do you see who is in the second boat?” Geoffrey asked his wife.
“It looks like, no, it could not be – King Gundar and Queen Hilde?”
“It looks like them because it is them. They have come to take possession of their ship,” King Geoffrey said.
“What shall we do?” Delphinia asked.
“We shall send a message to King Blackwell to come here at once. This is his fight, not ours,” Geoffrey said.
“But what if King Gundar attempts to sail away with his ship?” Delphinia asked. “Will we prevent it?”
“The Henge soldiers aboard will prevent it,” Geoffrey said. “I believe King Gallos has come to talk, not fight. Otherwise he would not have brought his wife and children.”
“Yes, that is surely a good sign,” Delphinia said.
“I hope so,” King Geoffrey said.

King Gallos and his family were first on shore and were welcomed warmly by Geoffrey and Delphinia.
“My, how the children have grown,” Delphinia fluttered. “Dagmar looks so like you, Queen Elka. And this young man Prince Renaldo is the very picture of his father.”
King Gundar and Queen Hilde joined the group on the beach.
“I see you have my ship here,” King Gundar said by way of a greeting.
King Gallos gave his father-in-law a warning glance and King Gundar looked away without further comment.
“Queen Hilde,” Delphinia said, “it has been far too long since last you visited.”
“Yes,” Hilde agreed. “You have not changed, still so glorious in your lovely silks.”
King Geoffrey cleared his throat. “I believe we can fit all the ladies into the royal carriage. We gentlemen will be left to our own devices. We can borrow horses from the stables of our navy here at the lake.”
“You have a navy now?” King Gundar asked.
“A small one. Most of the sailors are at sea just now. Come along down the beach and you can see what remains of our boat works.”

Chapter 25

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey walked with King Gallos of Manoa, King Gundar of Sandovia and Prince Renaldo of Manoa along the beach to the stables next to the cluster of abandoned homes that had housed the boat workers. 
“The boat works has closed down,” King Geoffrey said. “Most of the workers have left for Taz. The few that are left, Admiral Haddad and his family and a few others, make up the core of our navy.”
“What ships have you now in your navy?” King Gundar asked.
King Geoffrey wondered if he had asked only to find out if he would dare to include the King Gundar as one of his ships.
“I have the King Geoffrey, of course, that makes regular trips to the south of China and back. Then the Sea Sprite which also works as a trading vessel and is shared with Henge, and lastly, our newest addition, the Phantom of the Seas.” King Geoffrey watched carefully to see if King Gundar would react to the mention of this last ship which was formerly the ship of his would-be pirates.
King Gundar did not seem surprised by this last addition and King Geoffrey began to wonder if the whole pirate fiasco was the work of King Gundar’s son, Oswald, without his father’s involvement.
“How do you come to have my ship, the King Gundar, here at King’s Lake?” Gundar demanded.
King Gallos looked at his father-in-law with an exasperated expression, but King Gundar paid no attention and continued to glare at King Geoffrey, waiting for an answer.
“You would need to speak to King Blackwell of Henge about that,” King Geoffrey said with ice in his voice.
“I would love to do so,” Gundar said. “Is he here? Aboard my ship, perhaps?”
“No, but I could send word to him in Henge and invite him here if you would like.”
“So you two are friends now? I can remember a time when Sandovia and Fernland were friends and Henge was the enemy.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “I, too, can remember such a time. As far as I know Sandovia is still a friend of Fernland.”
“Not with my ship here full of Henge soldiers!” Gundar shouted.
“Father, if you cannot contain yourself, I will gather my family and leave at once,” King Gallos said firmly.
King Gundar’s face turned bright red and Geoffrey wondered if this short visit was over. King Gundar slowly appeared to gain control his rage. He hung onto a post at the bottom of the abandoned boat stays while he took deep breaths.
“Excuse me,” Gundar said, finally. “Yes, I would very much appreciate your inviting King Blackwell to join us. I have come here to work things out before resorting to warfare, after all.”
“A wise decision,” King Geoffrey said. “I shall send off a message right away. Just let me make a stop at the former boat workers’ lunch room.”
They walked on to the lunchroom where Physician Vesta held her medical clinic.  King Geoffrey opened the door to see if anyone was inside.
Vesta was there along with Stone, the would-be pirate captain who was now a member of Fernland’s navy.
“Ah, Sailor Stone, you are here, good,” Geoffrey said.
Stone looked up and jumped to his feet, bowing, then saluting, seeming unsure of the correct response to a king and his own commander-in-chief.
“At ease, sailor,” King Geoffrey said. “I need you to sail the Phantom of the Seas to Henge immediately with an urgent message to King Blackwell. Can you do that?”
“Most assuredly,” Stone the Sailor said. “Have you the message ready?”
“No,” King Geoffrey said. “Perhaps you could see to procuring a pen and a blank scroll for me? I will also need four horses saddled and ready to take myself and my guests up to the castle.”
Sailor Stone looked to Vesta with a questioning expression and she said at once, “I have some quills and blank scrolls here, Your Majesty, if you would care to take a seat. Would you and your guests like some refreshments?”
“I am sure we could all do with something to drink – even a pitcher of water would be much appreciated,” Geoffrey said.
Vesta smiled. “Water it is, and hot tea and cookies for those who would like some.”
“Thank you,” King Geoffrey said, as they all took seats around the lunchroom tables.
Stone the Sailor left to see to the horses and King Geoffrey took his time deciding what to say in the message to King Blackwell. He began scratching out his words slowly as Vesta passed out glasses of water, cups of tea and a variety of cookies to all the visitors.

To King Blackwell of Henge
“We here in Fernland have just now been visited by King Gallos of Manoa and his family. I regret to say that family includes King Gundar and his wife, Queen Hilde.
King Gundar has more or less accused Fernland of stealing his ship but says he has come to arrive at a peaceful settlement before resorting to warfare.
I believe this attempt at peace is actually the demand of his son-in-law, King Gallos, who seems to be a reasonable man and has not yet taken sides in the dispute.
I suggest you come at once and take advantage of this possibility of a peaceful settlement while we have King Gallos to exert influence over his volatile father-in-law.
Sincerely, King Geoffrey of Fernland 

King Geoffrey put down his pen, sealed his scroll with a bit of wax dripped from a candle and pressed his ring into the soft wax to make the impression of his kingship.
When Stone the Sailor returned with the horses, King Geoffrey handed him the scroll. “Deliver this into King Blackwell’s hand and see that he returns with you to Fernland either aboard the Phantom of the Seas or aboard his own ship, the Prince Avor. Can you see to this?”
“Aye, Sir,” Stone said, saluting. “I will gather a crew and leave at once.”
“I am counting on you,” King Geoffrey said in a voice that was half encouragement and half warning.
“I will not let you down, Sire,” Stone said.

King Geoffrey and his guests were soon on their way to the castle and the heavy cloud of distrust that had previously permeated the group seemed to lift somewhat as they trotted along under blue skies and a cool breeze.
“Queen Delphinia has been complaining of late over the lack of visitors to the castle,” he said to King Gallos. “I imagine she is planning a lavish meal for us tonight to celebrate your arrival.”
King Gallos smiled. “We are most grateful. Queen Elka still speaks fondly of a surprise celebration your wife hosted for her on the occasion of her sixteenth birthday.”
King Geoffrey suppressed a pang of regret, remembering. That same celebration preceded his son’s defection to the army of the Great Khan so many years ago. 

Chapter 26

Kingdom of Fernland

Captain Stone, the would-be pirate who had been spared execution by King Blackwell, now found himself in the employ of King Geoffrey. He was determined to make the most of this opportunity for redemption. He had never dared hope to regain his status as captain, yet here he was once again in charge of a mission.
Returning to the lunchroom, he told Vesta, “The royals are all off to the castle now.”
“Good,” Vesta said.
“I’ve only two of my former crew left here in Fernland,” Stone said. “The other four were taken aboard the Sea Sprite by Admiral Haddad.”
“Go to speak to my husband Javed. He will go himself with you to Henge if need be. He may know of more men available to go along.”
“Javed is my superior now that I’ve been drafted into Fernland’s navy. How can I ask him to be one of my crew?”
“Just tell him what your orders from King Geoffrey are,” Vesta said, smiling. “He will know what to do.”
“All right,” Stone said. “Thank you.”
Stone set out for Javed’s small cottage wondering if Javed would insist on taking over the mission himself. Stone knew it was his right as a superior officer, but he felt he would be failing himself to carry out King Geoffrey’s orders if he allowed himself to be demoted from captain of his former ship to one of the crew.
Javed came to the door of his cottage when Stone knocked lightly. Stone saluted as he supposed was his duty.
Javed smiled and returned his salute. “We are generally a little less formal here,” he said, “our navy consisting of only a dozen men.”
Stone nodded. “I’m in a bit of a pickle. I’ve been given an urgent mission to complete by King Geoffrey himself and I only have two men left from my original crew.”
“What’s the mission?” Javed asked.
Stone pulled out the rolled-up scroll. “I’m to deliver this message to King Blackwell in Henge as soon as possible.”
Javed stared at the scroll as he ran his thumb over the short beard on his chin. “So you’re short a crew?” he said.
“I am. I need at least three more men.” Stone waited hopefully without saying more.
Javed looked over his shoulder back into the interior of his house. “Let me just get my children dressed and I’ll take them down to the clinic to stay with Vesta. We’ll pick up a couple more sailors on the way.”
“Thank you,” Stone said, more grateful than he could express for Javed’s relaxed attitude and quick offer of assistance.
“Where are your two men?” Javed asked as he picked out clothes for his two sons who were sailing toy boats in a wash tub full of water.
“They are still living aboard the Phantom of the Seas,” Stone said.
“Come here, boys,” Javed told his sons. “We need to get you out of your night clothes. You are going to stay with Mama down at the clinic for a time. She may have a cookie for you.”
Both boys seemed excited about the plan. “May we take our boats?” the elder son asked.
“Yes, you may each take one toy – only one,” Javed said.

Soon they were on their way to the workers’ lunchroom, collecting a crew along the way. They dropped the boys off with Vesta, who still had no patients and was not likely to have one with so few people left in the village.
“We should be back sometime tomorrow,” Javed told his wife.
“Fair winds and calm seas to you,” Vesta said, as she handed out cookies to her sons.

The Phantom was soon on its way out through the estuary and on to Henge.
“Have you any orders aside from delivering the scroll?” Javed asked Stone as they stood together in the bow of the ship.
“Yes,” Stone said, “I am to see that King Blackwell comes at once to Fernland, either aboard the Phantom or aboard his own ship, the Prince Avor.”
“And if King Blackwell does not wish to come at once to Fernland?” Javed asked.
“I am to make sure that does not happen,” Stone said.
“Kidnapping a king is a serious business,” Javed said.
“Hopefully it will not come to that,” Stone said, a bit of perspiration forming on his brow.
“Yes, hopefully,” Javed said. “All the same, I am content that the responsibility lies with you.”
Stone gave Javed a wry smile. It was impossible not to like Jared. He might be a foreigner but more importantly just now, a fellow naval officer who was offering assistance in a good-natured way.

Back at the castle, King Geoffrey dressed for the formal dinner his wife had planned to welcome their royal guests. He wore his commander’s uniform, red with gold braid.
Queen Delphinia wore an elaborate confection of gold silk with her hair swept up into a gold tiara studded with red rubies. She flounced into their bedchamber like a sunlit cloud.
“All is ready,” Delphinia said. “We had best go down to the great hall. I have some musicians from the village to entertain while we gather. It was the best I could do on short notice.”
“I am sure everything will be splendid, as usual,” King Geoffrey said.
“Yes,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps an excellent dinner will serve to weaken King Gundar’s tendency to be difficult.”
“We can only hope,” King Geoffrey said. “With luck and good winds we will have only today to get through on our own. King Blackwell should arrive to take over negotiations tomorrow.”
“We shall attempt to stay with benign subjects of conversation,” Delphinia said.
“Have you any subjects in mind?” Geoffrey asked.
“The weather is always a safe one,” Delphinia said, “and the children. We can tell them of our grandsons in Helsop, and of their success with the fishing boats. Queen Elka had a hand in teaching the Helsop men how to cast their nets when she was only a sixteen year old girl visiting Fernland.”
“Yes, nostalgia would not go amiss, though anything about boats may lead in a dangerous direction.”
Delphinia sighed. “Yes, we do not want the conversation to turn to ships – that would not do at all.”
“Slingshots,” Geoffrey said. “We might ask young Prince Renaldo if he has an interest in slingshots.”
“Brilliant,” Delphinia said. “Perhaps we can arrange a contest tomorrow. We have enough slingshots from China to go around.”
“Ready then?” Geoffrey asked.
“Ready,” Delphinia said.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia walked together down to the great hall where the musicians were already beginning to entertain the few Fernland ministers who had gathered outside the dining room.
King Gallos and his family were next to arrive, looking quite sophisticated in their formal finery. Queen Elka wore an evening gown of blue silk with a silver tiara, the colors of Manoa, and King Gallos wore a navy-blue uniform trimmed in silver.
“What a picture of beauty your family makes,” Queen Delphinia gushed to Queen Elka. “And your children – so handsome and respectful. What would they enjoy doing while they are here, do you suppose?”
“They both love to sail,” Queen Elka said. “I still remember the boat race your son arranged for me down at King’s Lake as one of the happiest days of my life.”
“Ah, boat races,” Queen Delphinia said, with a sinking feeling, “at King’s Lake.”

Chapter 27

Kingdom of Henge

The Phantom of the Seas nudged up to the wharf at Henge’s harbor as the sun was setting over the western horizon. Captain Stone slid down a rope leaving his crew to tie up and secure the ship. He wanted to get to Henge’s castle before dark and deliver his message from King Geoffrey.
As he raced up the hill to the castle with its grey stone façade, he rehearsed his speech in his mind. It is vital that you come at once he said to himself over and over.
The guard outside the castle gate looked at the scroll Stone held out for his inspection. Recognizing the wax seal, the guard said, “From King Geoffrey of Fernland?”
Stone nodded. “I am ordered to deliver it into King Blackwell’s hand myself and await his response.”
“Come with me,” the guard said.
Just inside the castle door, the dining area of the castle revealed several people eating their dinner at the long table. Stone recognized King Blackwell, the man who had spared his life in Africa, immediately.
The guard with him announced Stone to the gathering. “A messenger from Fernland with a message for Your Majesty,” he said.
Blackwell studied the messenger for a moment. “Captain of the pirate crew if memory serves,” he said.
“Now a member of Fernland’s Navy,” Stone said, saluting. “A matter of great import.” He held out the scroll.
Blackwell motioned him closer.
Stone walked to the head of the table and handed the scroll to Blackwell. He held his breath as the king read the message.
The king looked to the skinny man seated to his right. “Phinn, it appears I must leave you in charge once again.”
The skinny man named Phinn seemed to cringe at the words. “What has happened?” he asked.
“King Gundar has arrived with King Gallos and his family in Fernland. He is ready to negotiate for his son’s release.”
“That sounds promising,” Phinn said.
“I will need to take your ship. I want a strong presence and that means taking as many soldiers as possible along with me.”
“What if it is a ruse?” Phinn asked. “They hope to lure you away from Henge while they plan a sneak attack on our dungeon?”
“That is why I am leaving you as acting king. Double the guards around the castle in my absence.”
Stone was able to breathe again at the word “absence.” Blackwell was going to Fernland.
Blackwell looked at Stone. “I shall put a few of my soldiers aboard your ship as well. It is called Phantom of the Seas?”
“Yes, Your Highness. When would you care to sail?”
“I will be ready at dawn with my men. The sooner this standoff is resolved, the better.”
“Very good, Your Highness. We leave at dawn,” Stone said. He allowed himself the briefest of smiles as he followed the guard out the door.

After Stone had left with the guard, King Blackwell passed the message to his brother to read. “With the pirate captain there to testify along with his crew, I believe we have a good chance of settling this feud without bloodshed.”
Phinn read the message twice before replying. “I know King Gallos from the times I have visited Manoa with the acting troupe. He is a good man, living in peace with his neighbors and subjects. I believe he will be inclined to side with those in the right.”
“Yes, I think so, too,” Blackwell said. “I intend to stand firm in my price for reparations. The great ship King Gundar is the price for his son’s misdeeds.”
“Speaking of the king’s son,” Phinn said, “do you think I should move him from the dungeon to a new place? One where an attacking force might not think to look?”
King Blackwell considered Phinn’s question. “I think I will take him with me. I will lock him in one of the cabins. It might help to speed things along in the case of an agreement and my ship is not a place they would expect to find him.”
“Yes,” Phinn said. “That is a good idea. No one would think to look aboard the Prince Avor and you will have soldiers aboard to guard him.”

The next morning, an hour before dawn, the castle at Henge was alight with torches and oil lamps.
A group of twenty soldiers waited outside the castle gates. Inside, more soldiers were busy shackling the prisoner, Prince Oswald, while King Blackwell gave last minute instructions to Phinn.
“I should not be gone more than a few days. I believe if we reach an agreement, it will be safe to bring our new ship, the King Gundar, here to Henge. Perhaps I can borrow Captain Stone to pilot it back safely. I do not foresee any difficulties here in Henge, but you can send a messenger overland to Henge if the need arises.”
“All right,” Phinn said. “And I will see that the iron ore mining operation proceeds as usual.”
King Blackwell clasped his brother’s shoulder. “I feel fortunate to have a family member I can count on.”
Phinn smiled. “I am honored by your trust. Fair winds and calm seas to you.”
Blackwell followed the line of soldiers that was leading Prince Oswald down to the ship.
“Where are you taking me?” Prince Oswald called.
Blackwell was somewhat embarrassed by his prisoner’s emaciated physical state and asked Sergeant Smythe to give him more to eat while aboard ship. He did not answer Oswald’s question. There would be time for talking later if an agreement was reached.

Aboard the Prince Avor, Captain Hardy nodded as King Blackwell explained the situation. “I shall put the prince in our most secure cabin, next to the hold,” he said. “Any special instructions?”
“No, I will advise the guards to leave Prince Oswald to his own devices within his cabin and be given the same rations as the soldiers,” King Blackwell said.
Prince Oswald’s face brightened at these words and he looked at Blackwell with a shrewd expression. “I am to be released, am I not?”
Blackwell did not reply. From below on the wharf, a voice called out, “Hello the ship. Permission to come aboard?”
They looked down to see Captain Stone standing on the pier below.
“Come aboard, Captain Stone,” Blackwell said.
When Prince Oswald saw his hired man, Stone, dressed in a Fernland uniform and addressed as Captain Stone, his satisfied smirk changed into an expression of concern.
“This way,” Captain Hardy said, as the soldiers hustled their prisoner off to his cabin in the bowels of the ship.

Chapter 28

Kingdom of Fernland

The Phantom of the Seas and the Prince Avor arrived at the estuary to King’s Lake early in the afternoon on a cloudless day. They had been the beneficiaries of both fair winds and calm seas and made very good time from Henge.
King Blackwell spoke to Captain Hardy aboard the Prince Avor. “I have instructed Captain Stone to offload our Henge soldiers on to the King Gundar as soon as we reach King’s Lake. Since the Phantom now belongs to King Geoffrey, it should not be carrying soldiers from Henge within Fernland’s borders. We will leave what soldiers we carry aboard our ship, however, and anchor next to the King Gundar as the first line of defense, should Gundar try to come aboard his namesake ship.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Captain Hardy answered. “I shall stay aboard as well.”
“I do not expect you to fight for Henge,” Blackwell said. “You are not a soldier and your employer is Phinn.”
“A captain always fights against any threat to his ship,” Captain Hardy stated.
“Of course,” Blackwell agreed. “If our talks go well, there should be no cause for worry.”

Atop a nearby hill in Fernland’s castle, servants were already rushing to and fro in preparation for King Blackwell’s visit. King Geoffrey had been advised at the first sighting of the two ships from Fernland’s coastal watchtower.
“This is even better than I had hoped,” King Geoffrey told Delphinia. We should not have to suffer through another awkward dinner. I will arrange to have a meeting of all the kings this afternoon here in the throne room. We should have this sorted out by dinner and perhaps renew our friendships in a proper celebration.”
“I do hope so, Geoffrey,” Delphinia said. “I shall arrange a tea for the ladies. Perhaps we can play some games. I will give gifts to the two children to keep them occupied.”
King Geoffrey kissed his wife. “I can always count on your help, my dear. I wish to bring Captain Stone and his crew back with me, along with King Blackwell. We will need their sworn testimony to establish Prince Oswald’s guilt in this matter. I will leave at once in the royal carriage to bring them back here to the castle from King’s Lake.”
“Good luck to you, my dear. I hope all goes as planned.”
Late that afternoon, the four kings, Geoffrey, Blackwell, Gundar and Gallos, assembled in the throne room of Fernland’s castle. They sat around the circular table at the base of the thrones, Geoffrey and Gallos chatting amicably while Blackwell and Gundar glared fiercely at one another.
Captain Stone, the two men left of the pirate crew and two of the soldiers that had apprehended Prince Oswald aboard the brothers’ ship waited outside the throne room, ready to testify.
“Shall we begin, Gentlemen?” King Geoffrey asked.
“I wish you would,” King Gundar replied, testily.
“Since King Gundar maintains no knowledge of the attack on the ship of an employee of the Kingdom of Henge, King Blackwell has brought witnesses to substantiate his allegations against King Gundar’s son, Prince Oswald,” Geoffrey said. Turning to a guard, he ordered, “Bring in the first witness.”
King Gundar looked surprised to see Captain Stone entering the throne room. As the captain approached the table, he made a short bow in King Gundar’s direction and said, “Your Highness.”
“Do you know this man?” Geoffrey asked King Gundar.
Gundar shrugged. “I may have seen him a time or two.”
“Please give your account of the activities in west Africa that led to this reckoning,” King Geoffrey said to Stone.
Stone cleared his throat before beginning. “Me and my crew was having a hard time of it, going from port to port looking for cargo to haul. Not much work in Sandovia what with the king here accounting for most of the trade in and out of the country. So when we met up with Prince Oswald at a port up the coast a ways from Eko, we asked did he have any work for us.”
Captain Stone looked into the distance as though recounting the meeting in his mind. “He said he’d had a job in mind for a while but it would take a stalwart crew to pull it off. I told him we’d be as stalwart as he needed since we were that desperate for work. So he told me about a ship name of the Island Hopper what made monthly runs to this secret island where they picked up a cargo and brought it back to Eko where it was transferred to big ships going north.”
Captain Stone glanced at King Gundar before continuing. “Prince Oswald said he needed to know what they carried, so I was to board that ship, take control and bring it to an island to the south where he would come and inspect the cargo and pay me for my part in it.”
“Did he tell you to kidnap the two brothers that owned the ship as well?” King Geoffrey asked.
Stone shook his head. “He only said it might be best if we flew a pirate flag and disguised ourselves as pirates in case anyone witnessed our commandeering of the Island Hopper. He said the most important thing was to keep all this between him and me. No one was to know his identity.”
“You are doing a poor job of that,” King Gundar remarked. “The man admits to breaking a promise of secrecy and yet expects us to believe he is telling the truth now?”
“Thank you,” King Geoffrey said to Captain Stone, ignoring King Gundar’s remarks. “Please tell the next witness to come in.”
Captain Stone left the throne room and another man entered.
“Tell us your name and occupation,” King Geoffrey said.
“I am called Glas the Seaman and I crew for Captain Stone aboard the Phantom of the Seas.”
“Tell us what you know of the events on the unnamed island where the Island Hopper was taken before Prince Oswald arrived aboard the King Gundar,” Geoffrey said.
“We was waiting at the island for Prince Oswald to come and pay us. We had the two brothers what owned the Island Hopper tied up in a cave and we saw there was two ships looked to be scouting, but we thought they’d passed us by seeing as we had our own ships hidden.”
Glas glanced at King Gundar with a worried expression before continuing. “Then we realized someone had come ashore in the night and taken our prisoners and we was outnumbered by the soldiers from Henge, so we surrendered and just waited for the ship to come with our pay, knowing these Henge soldiers would take whoever it was into custody or kill them as soon as they got there. Seemed likely they’d kill us as well.”
“And who was it appeared to pay you?” Geoffrey asked.
“It were Prince Oswald’s man, same as hired us,” Glas said. “Paid us and then went back to his ship an’ afore long Prince Oswald rowed out to look at the cargo what was loaded aboard the Island Hopper.”
“What was the cargo?” King Gundar asked.
King Blackwell put up his hand. “You do not need to answer that. It is not relevant to these proceedings.”
Three more witnesses followed, one of the fake pirates and two of the Henge soldiers who took Prince Oswald prisoner aboard the Island Hopper.
King Geoffrey looked at King Gundar. “I believe we have established your son’s guilt in this misadventure. King Blackwell is demanding payment in the form of your ship the King Gundar for the release of your son. How say you?”
King Gundar’s face held an angry red hue. “I say no. We will declare war before giving up our ship to Henge.”
King Gallos spoke up. “Although Sandovia is obviously to blame for this fiasco, the loss of their great ship seems a high price to pay. Perhaps if King Gundar was to forfeit his ship, you might consider balancing that great loss with a few concessions on your side. Perhaps selling Sandovia weapons at a more reasonable price would be a start. Even adding Sandovia as a second tier ally to our new alliance might be an option. Since you have his ship, perhaps you would agree to transporting Sandovian goods for a reduced fee?”
King Geoffrey looked at King Blackwell. “We have a third partner in our trade alliance. Dagon of Helsop would have to agree to such an alliance of second tier nations.”
“Then by all means – send for Dagon,” King Gallos said. “I believe we still have some hope of settling things peacefully.”

Chapter 29

Castle in Fernland

Two days had passed since King Geoffrey had sent his summons to Dagon in Helsop. Dagon should have it by now, he thought. For Geoffrey it had been two agonizing days of listening to King Gundar’s pompous threats. He did not know if he could hold off declaring war himself on the irritating man.
Delphinia walked into the throne room where he had been hiding out with Muller the Spy, making plans for an archery exhibition that afternoon. “I believe we are making some headway,” Delphinia said.
“What do you mean?” Geoffrey asked.
Muller the Spy excused himself and left them to talk privately.
“Queen Hilde and Queen Elka are delivering ultimatums to King Gundar. His daughter Elka is insisting he accept her husband’s compromise and Hilde is threatening to abandon him if he does not do whatever he must to free their son.”
“But is Gundar showing any signs of wavering?” Geoffrey asked, dubious.
“Yes,” Delphinia said. “His wife’s threats fall on deaf ears, but his daughter’s demands have almost persuaded him. I believe he fears he may have to leave his happy life in Manoa and return to Sandovia if he does not accept the compromise King Gallos has put forth.”
King Geoffrey nodded. That all sounded plausible. He had no doubt Dagon would agree to the compromise. Helsop had no dog in this fight. That left only King Blackwell to convince.
“What might convince King Blackwell to go along with the compromise? He hates King Gundar and I can certainly understand why he does,” Geoffrey mused aloud.
Delphinia thought for a moment. “Perhaps he could make his own counter-offer. He could allow Sandovia to become a trade partner if Manoa also joined the alliance. That way King Gallos could keep an eye on his father-in-law and ensure his compliance with the terms of the agreement.”
Geoffrey looked at his wife with fresh eyes. He had not expected an answer. He was only airing his own thoughts aloud. “That is a very good idea,” he said. “I shall test it out on King Blackwell at once.”
Delphinia smiled and Geoffrey wondered if he had missed some important part of his wife’s aptitude all these years they had been together.
“I must keep my appointment with Cristo,” Delphinia said. “The ladies and I have planned to picnic on the archery field today for lunch.”
“Tell them to keep up the good work,” Geoffrey said. “Perhaps we will wear down Gundar’s resolve eventually.”
Delphinia nodded and left. Geoffrey turned to find Muller the Spy still loitering near the door of the throne room.
“We need to find King Blackwell and try out a new counter-offer,” Geoffrey said.
“I believe we will find him at the stables,” Muller said.
“The stables?” Geoffrey asked. “Why the stables? And how do you know that?”
“I am a spy,” Muller said. “It is my job to know such things. It is where he has taken to hiding out of late to avoid encounters with King Gundar.”
“I fancy a little ride into the forest,” Geoffrey said. “Perhaps King Blackwell would like to join me should we run into him accidentally.”
“Very good, Your Highness. Should I fancy a ride as well?”
“No, I think not. Just the two of us, I believe.”
“I shall have other obligations then,” Muller said.
King Geoffrey smiled at his faithful confidant.

They did indeed find King Blackwell sitting on a barrel outside the stall of a black horse, feeding half his apple to the stallion as he munched on the other half.
“Ah, King Blackwell,” King Geoffrey called out. “I have just thought to get away from all this unpleasantness with a ride into the forest. Perhaps you would care to join me?”
King Blackwell shrugged. “I could do with a ride.”
“Muller, what about you? Care for a bit of a gallop?”
“Unfortunately I have a summons from the finance minister,” Muller said. “But I would be honored to saddle a couple of horses for you both before I go.”
“No, you go ahead,” Geoffrey said. “I prefer to saddle my own mount.”
He turned to Blackwell. “Would you care to ride that black stallion you seem to have made friends with?” he asked.
Blackwell smiled. “Yes, he seems as restless as I. A ride would suit us both.”

In Helsop, Dagon was sitting in the small room which comprised the whole of militia headquarters when the messenger from Fernland appeared at his open door.
“I bring an urgent request from King Geoffrey at Fernland,” the messenger said.
“Let’s have it then,” Dagon said.
The messenger pulled the scroll from his tunic and handed it over.
Dagon broke the King’s wax seal and unrolled the small scroll, flattening it out on the desk with his hands. He read it over silently.

To Headman Dagon of Helsop
Currently visiting at Fernland, we have several Royal persons – King Gallos of Manoa, along with his family, King Gundar and Queen Hilde of Sandovia and King Blackwell of Henge. We hope to end the hostilities over the release of Gundar’s son, Prince Oswald and the disputed payment of a ransom in the form of Gundar’s ship, the King Gundar.
A compromise of sorts has been suggested by King Gallos which would involve a change in the trade alliance currently in effect between Henge, Fernland and Helsop. Thus, we need your presence as soon as possible to achieve this compromise if all involved will agree to it and in doing so, avoid armed conflict.
Please make haste to join us.
King Geoffrey of Fernland

Dagon sighed. He did not want to be involved in this mare’s nest of a situation. Why were they bothering to ask his agreement in any case? Helsop was hardly a main player in the alliance, its only involvement being the crafting of the metal handball canisters that held the exploding powder for the weapons they were now selling to Constantinople.
He considered sending back a reply that said he would uphold any decision they came to, but then reasoned, perhaps it really would affect Helsop. Was Blackwell thinking of selling his iron ore to Sandovia or Manoa instead of Helsop?
He looked at the waiting messenger and realized with a pang of unease – his wife and Esme had not yet returned from visiting the Silent Men. What would he do with his children who now numbered three?
“King Geoffrey has invited me to visit Fernland,” he said to the messenger.
The messenger nodded. “I thought that might be the case. He has sent the royal carriage to take you there. I have ridden ahead to give you the message, but the empty carriage should be arriving within the hour.”
“I shall just gather up my three children and meet you back here,” Dagon said.

Chapter 30

On Cold Lake

Esme stood on the deck of the borrowed ship that was larger than the Vagan ship they had left behind in the fishing village. This one had a small cabin below deck where two people could sleep, out of the elements.
Esme had begun her language lessons with Gerd and could now say a few words in the language of the Silent Men. When she did speak to the Silent Men in words they understood, they seemed overly grateful. She deemed it a faint hope ever to persuade them of her unholy status.
Maki came to stand beside her at the ship’s rail. “We are going to sail closer to shore today and try to capture a seal for its meat,” he said. “With so many aboard, we are already running short of food.”
Esme nodded. She, too, had noticed the dwindling supplies. “I will keep a lookout for likely beaches,” she said.
“Yes, so far from any villages, we should find abundant wildlife,” Maki said. “The meat from one seal should be enough to bring us home.”
“How many days out do you judge we are from Helsop?” Esme asked.
“No more than five,” Maki said.
Esme nodded and began to scan the north shore as it drew closer.

Gerd came to the rail eating some dried fruit. “Ready to learn a few more words?” he asked cheerfully.
“Yes, but I need to go over the ones I already know, too. The sounds are still so foreign to my ears.”
“Yes, the language of the Silent Men is closer to Chinese then to English,” Gerd said. “But you are doing well. You have a good ear.”
“I should like to learn the words to express a complicated idea,” Esme said.
“What is that idea?” Gerd asked.
“That a new God has come. One that fulfills all the ancient prophecies about his birth.”
“And who is this new God?” Gerd asked.
“His name is Yeshua,” Esme said. “He is the true God. I am no longer to be called their goddess. This is what I want to tell the Silent Men.”
“Do you believe this to be true?” Gerd asked.
“For now let us say I do,” Esme said.
As the ship drew closer to land, everyone on board could see the dark dots on the white gravel beaches. Seals – dozens of them.
They came closer and the men readied themselves to go ashore. They had weapons at hand and the shoreboat ready to drop, knowing the seals would quickly take to the water if they sensed danger. The hunters would have to be quick, or patient, if they missed their first chance. It could be a long wait before the seals returned to their beach.
They drew near to the beach, dropping their anchor a short way from shore. Maki and Dag quietly lowered the shore boat into the water.
They were just about to slip down the rope ladder into the shore boat when a great ruckus developed on shore.
As seals took to the lake, the reason for the ruckus became apparent. An enormous white bear was lumbering onto the crowded beach at high speed, trying to cut off their escape.
The bear zeroed in on a fat seal and raised a huge paw to bring it down on the seal’s neck. Just as he did so, an arrow sliced through the air and landed in the great bear’s neck. Blood gushed out and the bear fell atop his prey.
Esme swung around to see where the arrow had come from.
There stood Egil, trapper and white bear hunter, already flexing his bow to unhook the string. He pulled out a huge skinning knife from his belt and tested it for sharpness, as he called out to his brother in his native tongue.
It took Esme a second to begin breathing again and find her voice. “What did he say?” she asked Gerd.
“He said he has his bride price now. And he said he would bring back the dead seal along with the white pelt.”
“He would not have needed a bride price,” Esme mumbled.

Egil, Gerd, Dag and Maki went ashore in the shore boat, armed with tools to remove the white fur and butcher the seal.
“Did you ever see anything like it?” Esme asked Electra. “Such an accurate shot from so far away? And he was so quick to react. The rest of us had barely had time to decipher what was happening on the beach.”
“You sound impressed,” Electra said with a smile.
“More like intimidated,” Esme said. “I should not like to be an enemy of such a man.”
“You must remember he has made a career of hunting the white bear,” Electra said. “He was likely already looking for signs of the great beast. Where there is a beach full of seals, the bear should be expected.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” Esme agreed. “Still, a shot to the neck? Such a small target. Do you suppose he was aiming for the chest?”
“No, I am quite sure he was aiming for the neck,” Electra said. “He did not want to damage the body of the pelt. It should bring a good price.”
“We could have told him bride prices are not customary in Helsop,” Esme said.
“It cannot hurt,” Electra said. “It may be the thing that inclines one of our students to accept an offer of marriage.”
“Somehow I do not think he will have any trouble finding someone inclined to accept his proposal,” Esme said.
“Are you so inclined?” Electra asked.
“Me?” Esme asked, surprised. “No, not in the least. I should not like to be in a relationship where I feel intimidated.”
“But feeling impressed is acceptable?” Electra asked.
“Feeling impressed would be mandatory,” Esme allowed. “I could not marry a man I did not find impressive in some important way.”
“Then you are staying with your choice of Dag?” Electra said.
“How did you know?” Esme asked.
Electra smiled. “Everyone knows.”
Esme frowned. “Hmm,” she murmured.

The men returned to the ship that evening with the white pelt stretched out on a makeshift rack made from driftwood. They also carried the meat from the dead seal and bear, butchered into steaks.
Maki decided not to risk going ashore in the evening to make a campfire. Where there was one great white bear, there could be more.
Maki and Gerd cooked the steaks in the ship’s tiny galley and they ate on the deck under the stars.
“Did you see the accuracy of Egil’s shot?” Dag remarked as he speared a bit of steak from his plate.
“I did, and I found it remarkable,” Esme said.
“We could use an archer like that in our militia,” Dag said.
“I doubt he would stay,” Esme said. “I think he plans to find a wife at the school of medicine and return to his life as a trapper.”
Dag seemed a little concerned as he considered Esme’s words, but she could see no clear reason in his mind. He would not admit, even to himself, that he might view Egil as a potential rival for Esme’s affections.

Chapter 31

Kingdom of Henge

After two days aboard Fernland’s royal carriage, Dagon and his children arrived at Fernland’s castle. Delphi refused to be separated from Skye, so both Skye and Skadi had been allowed to come, making for a crowded carriage ride.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia, having been notified of their progress by lookouts along the way, were both on the castle steps to meet them.
Dagon emerged first from the carriage, feeling frazzled and drained. He frowned at King Geoffrey. “This had best be important,” he said.
The children and dogs tumbled out next, into Delphinia’s waiting arms. “Where is Electra?” she asked.
“She had a medical emergency. A village with a poisoned supply of water,” Dagon said, hoping they would not ask which village.”
“Which village?” King Geoffrey asked immediately.
“One on Cold Lake, to the east of us. I am not sure it even has a name,” Dagon said.
“Was it purposely poisoned?” Geoffrey asked.
“I am not sure,” Dagon said. “I sent Maki and Dag along with her to find out.”
“I hope they will be able to find out,” Geoffrey said. “Poisoning a water supply is an abomination.”
The children and dogs were causing a happy rumpus after being so long confined to the carriage. Dagon tried to ignore it and changed the subject.
“Have King Blackwell and King Gundar managed to come to an agreement?” he asked.
King Geoffrey nodded. “I believe we are close. With your support I think we may be able to avoid a war that would eventually draw us all in.”
“Let us get to it then,” Dagon said. “I do not want to be gone too long from Helsop.”
“We have a picnic lunch planned,” Delphinia said. “I believe the children will like that. King Gallos’ children are here as well.”
“That sounds perfect,” Dagon said, watching his three children and two dogs running up and down the castle steps, shrieking and barking.
“Come in and freshen up,” Delphinia said, “and we will head for the archery field where the others are already gathered.”

They all set out for the archery field after a change of clothes. Dagon was happy to relinquish care of Delphi into Delphinia’s capable hands.
When they reached the picnic site they found Renaldo and Dagmar already outfitted with bows and arrows, testing their skills against a target far down the field.
Gregor and Renaldo were quick to establish they were the same age at thirteen. Soren and Dagmar were only one year apart in age and had soon established a congenial friendship.
Delphi stayed close to Skye and her grandmother. She still carried the doll Delphinia had given her the year before.
Dagon began to relax a bit now that his children were engaged in their own activities and turned his attention to the feuding kings.
“So, you are close to coming to an agreement on reparations?” he asked King Blackwell.
“We have agreed not to speak of it while we are having lunch with our families,” Blackwell said, “but yes, I believe we are close.” He looked out at the children, lining up their shots at the target. “I had hoped Esme would be with you.”
“Of course, I am sorry,” Dagon said. “She and Electra left to sort out a problem with polluted water in a settlement on Cold Lake. It has been making the villagers ill.”
 “I never approved of her desire to study medicine,” Blackwell said. “But I am at least grateful she has moved from treating animals to people.”
Dagon smiled. “She has become an accomplished physician, and has helped to save many lives.”
Blackwell sighed. “I suppose you heard that Shalin is now engaged to marry Soldad.”
“I knew Shalin was in favor of the marriage,” Dagon said with a smile. “But I did not know if you would give your permission.”
“He has become a governor of a large Greek province as his reward for breaking the siege at Constantinople. It is my own fault for giving him the means to do it. Greek fire was the deciding factor. With his new status, I could hardly refuse.”
Dagon thought King Blackwell’s answer did not bode well for his nephew Dag’s chances to marry Esme, but did not say so. “Will there be a wedding soon?” he asked instead.
“Perhaps next year,” Blackwell said. “Serafina has gone along on the Sea Dancer with Shalin and Soldad to make sure this province of Thessalonica is a fit place to live.”
Dagon nodded. “I have a daughter myself now, so I can sympathize.”
“How is it you have a daughter?” Blackwell asked. “I never did hear the full story.”
Dagon did not know if Serafina was privy to the full story or not. He decided to say as little as possible, especially since King Geoffrey was close by. “We found her abandoned in Lands End last year. Electra has always longed for a daughter, so here she is.”
Blackwell gave a quick glance in King Geoffrey’s direction before saying, “Queen Delphinia seems equally pleased to have a granddaughter.”

After lunch, the ladies retired to an afternoon of sewing crafts and the men gathered in the throne room.
King Geoffrey presided at the round table beneath the thrones. “I believe we should hear from King Gallos first as he has made the greatest strides in preventing this conflict from becoming an armed battle.”
King Gallos nodded. “Thank you, King Geoffrey. I believe you also are in favor of a peaceful settlement. I and my family appreciate your willingness to act as referee and host in this matter that you had every right to ignore completely, maintaining that it does not involve you.” He paused to give everyone a moment to appreciate King Geoffrey’s forbearance.
“I believe my father-in-law has begun to come to terms with the enormity of Prince Oswald’s transgression and the legality of his imprisonment. I think a large ransom is justified and in this case, his ship, the King Gundar is the requested amount.
“That being the case, the ship’s worth is perhaps over and above what is fair, so we are asking for a few concessions in return – first and foremost, a reduction in the price paid for weapons. You must admit you charge King Gundar more than you charge your other customers,” he said, looking at King Blackwell. “And you forbid King Geoffrey to offer Fernland’s weapons to Sandovia at any price.”
“Yes,” King Blackwell agreed, “but that is in response to a previous outrage on King Gundar’s part, a raid on our wharf area by Sandovian seamen dressed as pirates. It seems Sandovia has a limited repertoire.”
King Gundar bristled and only a stern glance from his son-in-law kept him from speaking.
King Blackwell faced Manoa’s king. “However, I might be able to agree to reducing the price of our weapons were I assured that these veiled attacks on Henge will not continue. Could you vouchsafe for your father-in-law’s future compliance?”
King Gallos nodded. “I believe that if Manoa were to become a second tier member of your western alliance, an alliance where we meet regularly to cement our pact, I could promise such compliance. Manoa would be happy to host the first such gathering.
“I am sure we could integrate your trade items with our own,” King Geoffrey offered. “The King Geoffrey makes regular runs to China. If you were to send up your trade items on the Pride of Manoa we could easily send them on to China aboard the King Geoffrey.”
“And the Sea Sprite makes runs now to Constantinople, and likely we will also soon be stopping in Thessalonica as well. We could include trade items from both Sandovia and Manoa,” King Blackwell added.
“I have a mint now,” King Geoffrey said. “I would be interested in buying silver from Sandovia, and we have the Phantom of the Seas now that could make regular runs from Sandovia to Fernland.”
King Geoffrey looked around the table. “If Dagon of Helsop has no objections, I believe we have an agreement.”
Dagon nodded his approval.
“How soon can my son be released?” King Gundar asked.
“Within the hour,” Blackwell said. “He is waiting aboard the Prince Avor as we speak.”

Chapter 32

Kingdom of Fernland

The kings of Fernland, Manoa, Henge and Sandovia, as well as Headman Dagon of Helsop, had all signed a written copy of their new agreement and the Minister of Finance had made copies for each of the participants to the new treaty. King Geoffrey and Dagon accompanied King Blackwell to King’s Lake where Prince Oswald was being held prisoner aboard the Prince Avor.
The release of Prince Oswald to his family was the last unfulfilled obligation of King Blackwell. With Oswald’s release, the new alliance would take effect.  King Gundar and his family waited on the shore of King’s Lake to welcome the freed prince.
Dagon made a suggestion to Blackwell as he, Geoffrey and Blackwell stepped aboard the Prince Avor. “I think it would be better if you allowed King Geoffrey or me to take Prince Oswald back to meet his family on shore. Prince Oswald may say things to you that cannot be unsaid if you are there.”
King Geoffrey agreed immediately. “Oswald is like his father – incapable of holding in his hostile thoughts.”
 “Very well,” King Blackwell said. “Perhaps I should leave immediately with both the Prince Avor and the King Gundar and return to Henge.”
“That might be best. Give both Gundar and Oswald time to appreciate the terms of the new agreement,” King Geoffrey said.

When Dagon saw Prince Oswald, he was shocked. The tall muscular man he had known was now shrunken and bent. He thought Blackwell might have taken better care of his prisoner.
“We have good news,” King Geoffrey said. “Your family is here to collect you. We have signed a new treaty with Sandovia and Manoa.”
“Where is Blackwell?” Prince Oswald asked, his seething anger evident in the set of his jaw.
“He is readying the ships to return to Henge. He needs to get back to his duties there,” Dagon said.
Oswald gave a ragged laugh that held only contempt. “What are the terms of this new treaty?” he snarled.
“I am sure your father will want to go over all of that with you,” King Geoffrey said. “Have you anything to take with you? We do not want to keep your family waiting. Your mother and sister are quite anxious to see you.”
Oswald threw an angry glance back at the cabin that held only a blanket and a cot. “Do you see anything worth taking?”
“Let us go then,” Dagon said. “The soldiers have come along to remove your shackles.”
They stepped outside the cabin where two Henge soldiers stood waiting. Oswald’s shackles were removed and they all walked along the passageway to climb up the ladder to the deck.
When they reached the deck, the crew aboard the King Gundar were already pulling up the anchor and setting the mainsail.
Prince Oswald’s face turned pale. “They are taking my father’s ship?”
“That is part of the agreement,” King Geoffrey said. “Payment for your release.”
Prince Oswald looked horrified. “My father would never agree to that.”
“The agreement is signed and sealed,” King Geoffrey said. “He did agree to it.”
Prince Oswald shook his head. “There has been some mistake,” he said.
“Yes, and you were the one who made the mistake,” King Geoffrey said.
“What do you mean?” Oswald’s pale face turned an angry red.
“You can hardly expect an act of piracy on the high seas to go unnoticed,” King Geoffrey said.
“Who says I was responsible?” Oswald demanded.
“The men you hired to do the deed have testified against you,” King Geoffrey said.
“They are alive?” Oswald asked.
“They are alive and now in my employ,” King Geoffrey said.
Oswald slumped a bit and looked out to shore. “Where are my family members?”
“Just there on shore,” Dagon said, pointing to a group of people standing together near the stables.
Prince Oswald noticed the Pride of Manoa at anchor nearby. “King Gallos is here?”
“And your niece and nephew as well,” King Geoffrey said.
“Is my father angry?” he asked.
King Geoffrey smiled. “No more than usual I should judge.”
Prince Oswald could not help but smile a little at King Geoffrey’s remark.
They went aboard the shore boat and Dagon manned the oars.
Queen Hilde was already weeping when the boat touched shore.
Queen Elka’s welcoming smiles turned to gasps when she saw how emaciated her brother had become. “Are you well?” she asked in a tentative voice.
“As well as can be expected, having lived so long in a dungeon,” he said.
“I wanted to raze the Kingdom of Henge,” his father said. “But I was outvoted.”
“It is not too late,” Oswald offered.
“It is too late,” King Gallos affirmed. “We have come to terms.”
Queen Hilde flung her arms around her son. “All that matters is that you are safe.”
Prince Oswald gently disentangled himself from his mother’s arms. “I appreciate your loyalty, but that is hardly the case. What are the terms of this new agreement?”
Queen Elka shook her head. “Allow us to welcome your release from captivity, Oswald. There will be time enough later to discuss the new agreement.”
Prince Oswald relented at his sister’s words. “Yes, of course you are correct.” He looked at his niece and nephew and put out his hand to shake hands with young Renaldo. “How you have grown in my absence,” he said.
“Welcome, Uncle Oswald,” Renaldo said.
Dagmar stepped forward for a hug from her uncle. “You are so thin now,” she whispered.
“And you have become even prettier if such a thing is possible,” Oswald said, kissing the top of Dagmar’s head.
Dagmar smiled.
“Shall we all return to the castle?” King Geoffrey offered. “I know Queen Delphinia has planned a great feast to celebrate the new alliance and you, for one, look as though you could use a good meal.” He smiled at Prince Oswald.
“You are right about that,” Oswald agreed.

The evening proved to be a great success. Prince Oswald was pleased to hear Sandovia would no longer be made to pay exorbitant prices for the weapons they needed to keep the Sandovian pirates at bay.
King Gundar managed to find a moment during dinner to speak privately with his son. They both stepped away from the table to look at a south-finder Delphinia had given to King Gundar as a gift.
“I did not tell them I had authorized the attack on the ship making the runs from Bat Island,” Gundar said. “If I had, we would not have gotten the terms we did.”
“Of course not,” Oswald agreed. “I thought they would have killed the men I hired as pirates. I did not know they would still be alive to testify against me.”
“In the end, we got the lower prices we wanted, if not the secret of the white powder,” Gundar said. “I am only very sorry you were made to suffer for it.”
“Tonight’s dinner has already gone a long way to restoring me,” Oswald replied. “But the loss of our ship! How can we live with that affront?”
“We will watch for an opportunity to regain it,” Gundar said.

Chapter 33

Kingdom of Fernland

The day after her brother Oswald was freed from his imprisonment, Queen Elka announced at breakfast that her family would be leaving for Manoa on the Pride of Manoa that morning.
“I have so enjoyed having you all here,” Delphinia said, “and I look forward to visiting you all in Manoa.”
“Perhaps you would like to meet this winter in Manoa,” King Gallos offered. “Our seasons are opposite to yours. Our weather will be quite balmy then.”
“We could run into storms on the way down,” Geoffrey warned.
“Yes, that is always a possibility,” Gallos agreed. “My brother Manos usually avoids traveling in the northern waters during the winter months.”
“Perhaps if we took the great ship King Geoffrey,” Delphinia suggested.
“That is not a bad idea,” Geoffrey said. “Muller tells me the fighting with the Mongols continues to move south in China. Soon I may have to leave off trade with some of my old customers there.”
“Your end of harvest coincides with our own spring planting season. We usually celebrate that with a boat regatta,” Gallos said.
 “That sounds lovely and it is not too deep into the winter,” Delphinia said to Geoffrey.
King Geoffrey looked at Dagon sitting with his three children. “Do you think you could break away then for a meeting of the trading partners? We have plenty of room on the King Geoffrey.”
Dagon shrugged. “I suppose. I would have to check with Electra.”
“With there be room for Skadi as well?” Gregor asked.
King Geoffrey smiled. “I believe we could accommodate both dogs if need be.” He turned back to Gallos. “We would have to consult with King Blackwell, of course.” He glanced in the direction of King Gundar and Prince Oswald. “Can we be assured that there will be no lingering hostilities?”
King Gundar nodded, but said nothing.
King Geoffrey smiled. “Then let us say, tentatively, that our first meeting will take place just after harvest. I should like to purchase any silver you have to sell before that, however,” Geoffrey said, looking at King Gundar.
“I will trade silver for weapons,” King Gundar said.
King Geoffrey considered for a moment and decided it was allowed according to the new agreement. “All right,” he agreed.
“At the same price you charge your other customers?” Gundar asked.
“Yes, the same price for all,” Geoffrey said.
King Gundar exchanged a satisfied smirk with his son. “I will give you a letter to take to my son Prince Thord in Sandovia authorizing the sale.”
“Thank you,” King Geoffrey said. “We are glad you decided to come here to settle this dispute, and, as Delphinia said, sorry to see you leave. I shall, of course, have the royal carriage ready to take you to your ship, and since there are a good number to transport, we will say our goodbyes on the castle steps when you are ready.”
With those words, the Manoan visitors took their leave and Dagon wondered how he would get back to Helsop.
“I suppose the children and I will take the next ship going north,” he said. “I should like to be back when Electra returns and it seems our business here is concluded.”
“We could send you back in the carriage as soon as it returns from the lake,” Delphinia offered.
“No.” Dagon held up his hands. “I appreciate the offer but I am not anxious for a repeat of our ride down with three children and two dogs crowded together.”
“We could send you north on the Phantom of the Seas,” King Geoffrey said. “In fact, we could go along with you. I should like to tell King Blackwell all that has transpired here this morning. He may balk at my agreement to trade weapons for silver, but it seemed a necessary concession to seal the treaty.”
“Yes,” Dagon agreed. “A refusal at this point could have led to more reprisals on Sandovia’s part.” He paused and looked at his children who were paying close attention, except for Delphi who was giving bits of food to Skye below her chair. “All right, we will be ready to leave when you are, and thank you for the offer.”

The northern allies gathered on the steps to say goodbye to King Gallos and his extended family.
Dagon noticed that his sons were heavily engaged in whisperings with Princess Dagmar and Prince Renaldo. Likely making plans for their coming meeting in Manoa. Gregor would be fourteen by then. Was he paying a lot of attention to the pretty Dagmar? It seemed only yesterday that his elder son thought girls unworthy of his attention.
With promises and good wishes, the Manoan clan boarded their carriage and waved from the windows as the shire horses took off in a cloud of dust.
“I have sent word to Captain Stone,” King Geoffrey said to those who remained. “We will leave aboard the Phantom after lunch.”
Dagon took the children off for a romp around the archery field to burn off some energy before returning to the castle to pack. “Did you make some plans for our meeting in Manoa?” Dagon asked his sons.
“Dagmar and Renaldo are going to teach us how to sail their fast boats,” Soren said, grinning.
“That sounds like fun,” Dagon said.
Gregor stayed silent on the matter of plans.

That afternoon everyone boarded the Phantom of the Seas for the short voyage to Henge. Dagon judged Electra should be returning any day now and he did not want to stay too long in Blackwell’s castle. He trusted Maki to return his wife, nephew and cousin safely, but he knew there was always danger when traveling in waters shared by Vagans.
They reached Henge late that night and decided to sleep aboard rather than disturb the castle so late.
The next morning they awoke to find King Blackwell already at the wharf. Their ship had been spotted and Blackwell had wasted no time in coming to find out the reason for the visit.
As the group from Fernland disembarked, King Geoffrey was quick to assure King Blackwell that they were only transporting Dagon and his children on the first leg of their journey back to Helsop.
They all left the ship to have breakfast at Henge’s castle. Delphinia quickly cornered Phinn and began extracting promises from him to come to Fernland soon and put on a performance.
Phinn agreed good-naturedly and even promised he and his troupe would consider coming along to Manoa for the upcoming meeting.
At breakfast, King Geoffrey gingerly addressed his promise to trade weapons for silver with Sandovia.
King Blackwell seemed indifferent. “We sell all we can produce to Constantinople,” he said. “We have no need to sell weapons to Sandovia and I should like as little contact with King Gundar as possible. In fact, with the plans Shalin had to visit India before returning to Henge, I do not know if she and Serafina will even be returned by the end of harvest. We may have to wait for the next meeting to take part.”
“I did not realize,” King Geoffrey said. “Perhaps we should postpone the meet.”
“No, you should go ahead with the plan. I trust you to safeguard Henge’s interests in my stead,” Blackwell said. “I owe you a great debt for your help in resolving this dispute.” He smiled. “Did you notice the King Gundar is now given its own dock in our harbor?”
King Geoffrey smiled. “It would be hard not to notice such a massive ship.”

Chapter 34

Kingdom of Henge

At breakfast in Henge’s castle Dagon watched his daughter slip another small fistful of eggs to Skye, sitting on the floor beside her. Dagon always kept Delphi beside him at meals because she was easily distracted and sometimes forgot to eat. “Eat your eggs, Delphi,” he said. “Skye has had enough to eat.”
Delphi took a bite of the scrambled eggs on her plate.
Gregor and Soren had bolted down their breakfast and escaped outdoors with Skadi, leaving two empty seats. Phinn, who had a way with children, took the empty seat next to Delphi. “That looks like an awfully good biscuit on your plate, Delphi,” Phinn said. “May I have a bite of your biscuit?”
Delphi smiled and held out her biscuit for Phinn.
He took a big bite, and said, “So good. Now it’s your turn. Let’s see how big a bite Delphi can take.”
Delphi giggled and took a small bite.
“My bite was bigger,” Phinn boasted.
Delphi smiled and took a bigger bite.
Phinn examined her bite and shook his head. “We will let your daddy decide who has the bigger bite. He picked up two more biscuits from the serving platter. He took a giant bite that removed half the biscuit, then handed the second biscuit to Delphi.
She took a big bite and followed up with a drink of juice to wash it down.
Dagon was grateful for Phinn’s help and picked up the two biscuits.
“It is very close,” he said, after a close examination, “but I think Uncle Phinn’s bite is just a little bigger.” As he held the biscuit, another half of it flew from his hand into Delphi’s hand.
“Now Delphi’s big,” she said cheerfully.
Dagon gave a little gasp and looked around cautiously to see who might have noticed.
At first glance, it seemed many had noticed. Delphinia had her eyes fastened on the child. Many of the actors had wide eyes and open mouths. Luckily, King Blackwell and King Geoffrey were engaged in conversation and did not seem aware of anything out of the norm having taken place.
Dagon took a deep breath. “Good job,” Delphi,” he said. “That is likely enough breakfast. You may take Skye out and join your brothers in the courtyard if you want.”
Delphi climbed down from her chair quickly and fed the biscuit in her hand to Skye before heading out the door with her dog trotting close behind.
“It all makes sense now,” Phinn said in a low voice.”
“Yes,” Dagon said just as quietly. In a louder voice he announced, “I believe I will start back to Helsop this morning. I want to be home when Electra returns.”
The two kings looked up from their conversation about the new alliance.
“You are leaving already?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Yes, the children have become a little uncontrolled in my care, I fear,” Dagon joked. “They need to return to their routines and to their mother’s discipline.”
“Perhaps Delphinia and I should go with you,” King Geoffrey offered. “Then we shall be three adults to balance out three children.”
Dagon blanched. “That is not necessary. The crossing over to Helsop is quite rugged. It involves a night sleeping out in the elements.”
“All the more reason,” King Geoffrey said. “What do you think, Delphinia? We could stay at our suite at the inn once we reach Helsop, and be there when Electra returns.”
Delphinia seemed to be searching for words. “I, ah, I do not know Geoffrey. Dagon seems to think it would be too difficult for us.”
“Nonsense,” Geoffrey said. “Surely we are made of sterner material. We have slept in tents before.”
Dagon could see that Delphinia was torn between wanting to be with Delphi and fearing what might happen if Geoffrey began to suspect who Delphi might really be, should he witness one of her supernatural feats.
“I do not even have a tent and shall have to borrow horses,” Dagon said. “I think it might be wiser to wait until you can visit from the comfort of your royal carriage.”
“I could come along as well and bring tents enough for all of us,” King Blackwell offered. “That way I could be there to welcome Esme back when she returns. It has been too long since I saw her, and as Shalin’s engagement proves, my time with my girls has suddenly become limited.”
“There we have it then,” Geoffrey said to his wife. “It will be an adventure.”
Delphinia nodded reluctantly and managed a smile. “Yes, an adventure.”
King Blackwell sought his brother’s eyes from his seat at the head of the table.
“Phinn, surely now that all is settled with Gundar, you will not mind being acting king for a few more days.”
Phinn looked at Dagon and shrugged. “No, of course not.” He smiled at his brother.

The crossing over from Henge to Helsop had suddenly become a large undertaking involving carts of supplies and an armed escort of soldiers.
All those who had arrived by ship went down to gather their belongings from the Phantom of the Seas.
King Geoffrey told Captain Stone to return to Fernland and advise Muller the Spy and the Captain of the Royal Guard that he and Delphinia would be gone for several days. He also wrote a quick note to Muller ordering him to send the royal carriage up to Helsop where it would be ready to carry them home to Fernland.
By midmorning, the large procession was ready to leave.
Dagon put Delphinia and Delphi in one of the carts surrounded by blankets. The others would ride horses. He whispered to Delphinia, “King Blackwell does not know who Delphi’s birth parents are, so he cannot tell Geoffrey. Phinn told me just now that Serafina never mentioned it to him.”
Delphinia nodded and sighed. “It is bound to come out sooner or later. And then – Geoffrey will lose his trust in me.”
Dagon sensed that she was resigned to her fate. “But he will not hear it from me. Be assured of that.” He pressed her hand firmly with his own.
Delphinia smiled. “I intend to make good use of this time with my granddaughter. I finally have her all to myself.”
Dagon laughed. “I am not so sure of that. Do not be surprised if a very large dog suddenly joins you in the cart. Skye does not like to be separated too long from his co-owner.” He produced a doll from the pocket of his tunic and handed it to Delphi.
Delphi smiled and reached for it. “Delphi doll,” she said, hugging it to her chest.

Chapter 35

Village of Helsop

Dagon, his children and his guests arrived in Helsop the next day after a fairly luxurious stay in a tent at the pass the night before. They had enjoyed a big campfire cookout and told stories around the fire. His sons could hardly wait for their next campout and were already begging for a similar night in their own forest.
After settling his in-laws and King Blackwell at the village inn, Dagon went at once to see Deimos at the command center.
“Are we at war yet?” Deimos asked as soon as Dagon came through the door.
“No, it seems we are part of a bigger alliance now, one that includes Manoa and Sandovia. Have Electra and the others returned?”
“No,” Deimos said, his face worried. “I have the lookouts on high alert. The only report so far is of a fishing boat. It was too far from the lookout stations to see who was aboard. No Vagan ships.”
“When do they estimate the fishing boat will arrive?” Dagon asked.
“Any time now,” Deimos said. “So far it has not thrown out any nets in our waters.”
“I had best go up to the lake to see why they are here. Perhaps they want to sell fish, or fishing gear.”
“I’ll go with you,” Deimos said “I’ve nothing to do here. Where are your children?”
“I’ve left Gregor and Soren at the school of medicine. Delphi is at the village inn with her grandmother. I’ve brought both the grandparents and King Blackwell along. I haven’t told Blackwell his daughter has gone to visit the Silent Men.”
Deimos’ worry lines deepened into furrows on his face. “I’m sure they will be back soon. We can count on Maki the Scout.”
Dagon nodded, but was sure his own face mirrored Deimos’ concern.

They rode out to the lake hardly aware of the fine day – warm with just a touch of a breeze. As they reached the edge of Cold Lake, they could see the fishing boat, making good time as it neared the western edge of the huge lake.
Deimos shaded his eyes against the sun. “I see women aboard.”
“That is odd,” Dagon said, squinting his eyes for a better look. “Yes, I see the long dresses,” he agreed.
“Do you think it could be Electra and Esme?” Deimos asked.
Dagon shrugged. “I only know they left on a Vagan ship. Why would they be returning on a foreign fishing vessel?”
They waited a few more minutes, straining their eyes to be sure. “It is Electra. I am sure. And I recognize Maki’s red beard as well,” Dagon said finally.
“This is good news,” Deimos said.
“Very good news. Perhaps Blackwell need not know where they have been,” Dagon said.

The fishing boat set anchor close to shore and lowered a shore boat amid much waving and rejoicing.
Dagon soon had both Electra and Esme enveloped in hugs. Dag and Maki received the same welcome.
“How is it you left on a Vagan ship and” – Electra cut off her husband’s question with a kiss and said, “we have a surprise for you.”
“What surprise?” Dagon asked cautiously.
“Sheep,” Electra said. “And shepherds.”
“Sheep and shepherds.” Dagon managed a smile. “That is certainly a surprise I would never have guessed. Any others surprises?”
“The shepherds are Silent Men and we also have a man who hunts the great white bears.”
“Sheep and bears?” Dagon said, gritting his teeth. “What next?”
“The hunter has only come to find a wife. I do not imagine he will be here long. He is quite handsome.”
“Dare I ask what became of our Vagan ship?” Dagon said.
“We just exchanged it temporarily,” Electra said. “We will get it back.”
“And the poisoned water?” Dagon asked.
Esme spoke up. “Maki and Dag found the source. The Silent Men are restored to good health.”
“Good news then,” Dagon said.
“All is well at the sanctuary,” Electra reported. “How have you fared here in Helsop?”
Dagon smile held a touch of malice. “We have a few surprises as well.”
Now it was Electra’s eyes that appeared worried. “Are the children all right?”
“Your parents are here visiting and Esme, your father is here as well.”
Esme appeared shaken. “Does he know I have gone to help the Silent Men?”
“Not as yet,” Dagon said. “I will leave the telling up to you. I only said you had gone to help some villagers whose water supply had sickened those drinking it.”
Esme relaxed her posture. “That is good.”
“Your shepherds appear to be what they are – monks,” Dagon noted.
“We will keep them away from Father,” Esme said.
“Why are my parents here?” Electra asked.
“We were all on our way back from Fernland after signing a new treaty with Manoa and Sandovia,” Dagon began.
Electra’s mouth fell open. “All this since we have been gone?”
Dagon’s face softened. “I am so glad you are back. I fear our children have become quite undisciplined in your absence with only me to guide them.”
“Where are they now?” Electra asked.
Dagon shrugged. “Hopefully, the boys are still at the school of medicine where I left them, but more likely they are off with Skadi looking for potential camping spots in the forest. Delphi is with your mother at the inn.”
Electra nodded. “We will soon be back to normal. But our new life will include a flock of sheep,” she said smiling.
“Why sheep, if I may ask?” Dagon said.
“We have two sheepdogs,” Electra said, as though that answered the question.

Dagon and Deimos gave up their horses to Esme and Electra so that they could ride ahead and give their own versions of their adventures to their family members.
Dagon, Deimos, Maki, Gerd, Dag, Egil, and the two Silent Men walked back to the village, sharing a more detailed accounting of events along the way.
“We came close to a fight with a ship full of Vagans at the mouth of the Thebes River,” Maki reported. “Oddly enough, it was the Silent Men who turned the tide. They told the Vagans that Esme was their goddess and they would die defending her.”
“And that was enough to deter the Vagans?” Dagon asked, surprised.
Gerd joined their conversation, saying, “The Vagans trade with the Silent Men. They do not want a quarrel with them.”
“I thought they lived to instigate trouble,” Dagon said.
“Not so much of late, Gerd said. “They suffered a massive defeat that is not spoken of. Most of their ships and fighting men were lost.”
Dagon nodded. “I believe I know of the defeat you reference.”

Chapter 36

Konkan Harbor of Islands in Hindustan

Shalin and Serafina stood at the rail of the Sea Dancer in pouring rain as Soldad shouted orders to his crew. They could make out the shapes of seven separate islands through the haze of mists, and were bearing down quickly toward one in the center of the group.
“Have you ever seen rain like this?” Shalin asked, her shoulders hunched together to ward off the deluge.
“Never,” Serafina said. “There must be flooding on the islands.”
Soldad ran past to see to a sail too waterlogged to fold down. “Go below,” he shouted. “I will fetch you when we are anchored.”
Serafina seemed inclined to take his advice. “We can change clothes and perhaps wait for a break in the storm,” she shouted, loud enough to be heard against the roar of the downpour.
Once in their shared cabin, they stripped out of their wet clothes and dried off.
“What a season,” Shalin remarked. “Soldad says the monsoon season goes on for three months.”
Serafina shook her head. “Flooding brings pestilence. You may need your medical skills while we are here.”
“I wish I had more training. I only know the basics so far. Esme is the expert.”
“How is your ring reacting to arriving here?” Serafina asked.
Shalin reached for the ring which hung around her neck on a gold chain – the chain a gift from Soldad. “I feel no change, but then I did not expect to. The Persians here are refugees from the land near Hormu where Avor now reigns. They were forced to flee when followers of a new creed conquered their lands and told them they must convert or die.”
“Then perhaps we should have gone there instead,” Serafina said.
Shalin shook her head. “No, it is the connection to Zoroaster that I believe is crucial. Early priests of that religion watched the stars to track the birth of new messiahs. I believe the origin of my ring lies with those priests.”
“Let us hope those who are left to tell the tale have not drowned in this downpour,” Serafina said wryly.

Soldad came to knock on their cabin door an hour later. He made a puddle of water in the doorway as he entered the cabin.
“We are anchored, but I am wary of going ashore just yet. The shore boat could become so full of water on the way to shore we could sink in transit.”
“Is this amount of rain normal during monsoon?” Serafina asked.
“I am afraid so,” Soldad said. “There should be a break in a day or two.”
“How will we load and unload?” Shalin asked.
“There is a wharf,” Soldad said, “but just now all the fishing vessels are moored there leaving no empty spaces. When the fishing boats go out, we will move in.”
“Have we supplies enough?” Shalin asked. She knew food was running low as there had been no dried fruit or rice for several days now.
“We still have biscuits,” Soldad said with an attempt at cheerfulness. “Not to worry.”
“Please go and change into dry clothes,” Shalin said, “and have a hot drink after that. We need a healthy captain.”
Soldad smiled. “I shall do as you order. Perhaps you would both care to meet me in the galley?”
Serafina put up her hand to decline. “You go ahead,” she said to Shalin. “I think I will rest and read for a time.”
Shalin smiled at Soldad. “I will meet you in the galley in a few minutes.”

Shalin took her own book along to the galley to read while she waited for Soldad to join her.
When Soldad arrived in dry clothes, he asked, “What are you reading now?”
Shalin realized she was seldom without one book or another. “This is an astrology book that has some references to early Persian astrologers. The ancient Persians believed the earth rested on a giant sapphire which gave the sky its reflected blue color.”
“Interesting,” Soldad said, pouring himself a cup of hot tea from the pot on the table. “And there are sapphires embedded in your ring.”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “They also believed sapphires were able to empower the interpretation of oracles and the telling of the future.”
“More evidence,” Soldad said.
“Yes, I think it makes a strong case for my ring being crafted by ancient Persians.”
“And you think these transplanted Persians may be able to tell you more about your ring’s origins?” Soldad let the steam from the tea rise up to warm his face before taking a sip.
“I hope so,” Shalin said. “Do the residents here often leave during the monsoon season?  I never imagined the volume of rain could be so great.”
“I believe the rains are quite widespread,” Soldad said. “There really is no escaping them here in the Konkan region.”
“What religion do the natives here follow?” Shalin asked.
“There is a cave of statues not far from here dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva,” Soldad said. “Traces of older religions as well. The area has been conquered and changed hands and beliefs many times.”
“And the new Persian immigrants make their living by trading?” Shalin asked.
“Most are settling now into farming cotton, according to my father. I have brought them wool and dyes. They hope to make factories for the production of cloth. They are very industrious.”
“I would call them very brave to hope to survive in these conditions,” Shalin said.
They both stopped to listen. It was suddenly quiet around them. No thundering roar of falling water.
“Is it a break in the storm?” Shalin asked.
“If it is, we should take advantage. I will move the ship closer in case a space opens up at the wharf.”
Shalin ran down to her cabin to tell her mother they were heading for the wharf.
Soldad roused his crew and ordered them to weigh anchor and fly the sails.

Serafina was asleep when Shalin entered the cabin. She decided not to disturb her and ran back up on deck.
As she watched from the rail, one fishing boat, its crew looking skyward, ventured out with their nets spread to dry.
Soldad was quick to move his ship into the empty spot.
After tying up at the dock, he asked Shalin, “Shall we venture out while the crew unloads our cargo?”
Shalin thought about first rousing her mother, but after a glance at the gathering clouds, she decided there was no time to waste. “Yes, let us go now while we can.”

Chapter 37

Bay along the Konkan Coast

Shalin and Soldad waded through water up to their knees as they made their way along the main street of Front Bay.
“Have you been here before during monsoon season?” Shalin asked.
“A few times – always with my father,” Soldad said. “Our contact here is a man named Azar. He has an office on Front Bay.”
“And he is a Persian?” Shalin asked.
Soldad nodded. “His name means flame and he is a keeper of the holy flame.”
“What is the holy flame?” Shalin asked.
“It is a flame kept alive through the ages. It goes back to the founder of their religion – Zoroaster himself. They were able to bring the flame, keeping it alive, all the way from Persia when they fled during the oppression.”
“The same flame, through the ages,” Shalin marveled. “It must be very important to them.”
“As a keeper of the flame, he may also be keeper of the past,” Soldad said. “He may know something of your ring if it is Persian made.”
Shalin could feel her excitement growing.
They stepped into some sort of depression at the entrance to Azar’s building and entered the dwelling now wet up to their hips.
Shalin tried to wring the water from her dress, but it was hopeless. Every step left a puddle of water in its wake.
Soldad knocked on the door of Azar’s office and a man with a gray beard and a purple turban opened the door. A smile spread across his face on seeing Soldad. He spoke to them in the Persian tongue.
Soldad greeted him in the same language, then switched to Greek so that Shalin could follow the words.
“You have become a young man now,” Azar said. “But as you look just like your father, I have no doubt of your identity. And who is this lovely person with you?”
Soldad smiled. “This is my fiancé Princess Shalin of Henge, who comes to seek your learned counsel.”
Azar’s eyebrows rose to comic heights. “We shall both be surprised should she find it here.”
Azar laughed at his own jest as he led them to chairs and took his usual seat behind a desk.
Shalin wasted no time on pleasantries. She pulled the gold chain holding her ring from around her neck and handed both to Azar. “I have had this ring with an unknown origin for many years. I believe it was once the property of a Zoroastrian astrologer, due to the placement of the stones and because some who have seen it think it Persian in design.”
Azar took the ring and studied it under a magnifier glass. All traces of humor had disappeared from his face. After a few minutes he looked up. “If it be Persian, it is of a very early strain. I believe it quite ancient, perhaps even Sumerian in design.”
“Sumerian?” Shalin asked. She remembered the astrologers on the Euphrates River city of Kisher claiming the ring belonged to them. Perhaps they were right. It may have been crafted there by the Sumerians who inhabited the region thousands of years ago.
“Perhaps. It may have been Persian, but if it was, it may have been as far back as our founder’s time, the time of Zoroaster himself. Such ornamentation was common, even then.”
“Were such rings commonly worn by astrologers?” Shalin asked.
“Very likely. And the sapphires were a favored stone by our ancestors,” Azar said.
“I have read about the ancient belief that a huge sapphire underlay our world and gave reflected color to the sky,” Shalin said.
“It seems you know as much as I about our history. Are you a follower of Zoroaster?” Azar asked.
“No, but I admire what little I know of him and your beliefs. I understand the ancient Persians studied the stars to predict the coming of new messiahs,” Shalin said.
Azar flung his hands in the air. “You are a scholar without peer. Why have I never heard of your homeland, Henge? Where does it lie?”
“We are as far away from here as west is from east,” Shalin said, smiling. “We are at the northwest fringe of the world.”
“Amazing,” Azar said. “And yet you know our history. I regret to say much of our history is now lost. We were forced to flee our homeland leaving priceless bits of history behind. The proponents of the new religion burned everything they deemed at odds with their own beliefs. Had we stayed in our birthplace we would have been forced to convert. Our children forced to go to schools that taught their doctrines.”
“So any mention of my ring in your history is likely lost?” Shalin asked.
“I fear it is so,” Azar said. “There are some astrologers among us, and they have managed to protect some of our ancient star charts and astrological histories, but the bulk of our history has been torched.”
“Such a loss to us all,” Shalin said.
“It is as you say,” Azar agreed. He turned to Soldad. “Do you remember Darius?” he asked, “my cousin brother?”
“I think I do,” Soldad said. “A thin man with great mustaches?”
Azar smiled. “Yes, that is the one. He dabbles in astrology. Does nativity charts and the like. Perhaps he would have some ideas about the ring. Let me take you to him. He would be pleased with the visit.”
“It is quite damp outside,” Soldad said. “I should hate to inconvenience you. Perhaps you could give us directions to his home. We are already quite waterlogged, so it will not matter to us.”
Azar looked down at their dripping clothes. “Where are my manners? I have a small boat outside. We will stop and secure dry clothes for you. Such a time for your first visit, Shalin. You must think us quite primitive.”
“I think you quite courageous to live here, knowing what will come year after year,” Shalin said.
Azar laughed. “The monsoons bring life to a hot dry land. We welcome them.”

They stopped at Azar’s house where Azar’s wife gave them dry clothes to wear and fed them hot chai and pan – a type of bread, before releasing them again into her husband’s care.
Soldad rowed their small boat down streets that had become canals to the cousin brother’s house. On the way Soldad told Azar of the siege at Constantinople and his and his father’s new positions as governors of Thessalonica.
“I cannot believe I am now friends with Byzantine governors, not to mention a princess of Henge – the Kingdom of Scholars,” Azar said.
Shalin thought she should tell him the number of scholars in Henge would likely be two—herself and her mother, but decided to allow him the enjoyment he seemed to garner from his own imaginings.
“Will this mean I shall never again have the honor of trading with your family?” he asked. “How will we manage without your father’s yearly visits to purchase cotton and cowrie shells?”
“I believe I will still do a bit of trading,” Soldad said. “I will be there to help and will likely take more responsibility as the years go by, but for now I cannot imagine giving up the sea altogether. In fact, I have a cargo of wool and dyes that may interest you, and will gladly take a cargo of cotton and cowrie shells in return.”
“Excellent,” Azar said. “And here we are at my cousin brother’s house.”

Chapter 38

Front Bay in Konkan

Shalin and Soldad followed Azar into his brother’s brick house, entering at the level of the second floor, since the bottom floor was underwater.
“I see you have moved up in the world,” Azar joked when his brother entered the hall area. “This is my brother Darius,” he said, “and these are my guests from Constantinople, Governor Soldad and his betrothed, Princess Shalin of Henge.”
Darius made a respectful motion with hands together at the palms accompanied by a slight bow of the head. “Yes, during the monsoon season I always seem to attain an elevated position,” he said, smiling.
“Please, make yourselves at ease,” he invited, motioning to the large cushions that sat atop a thick Persian carpet. “I will order some refreshments.”
Darius returned a moment later and sat on a cushion facing his guests. “You have come for the rains?” he asked his guests.
“Actually we have come on another matter that only coincided accidentally with monsoon season,” Soldad said. “My fiancé has an ancient ring that we believe may have Persian roots, Persian astrological roots to be exact. Azar mentioned that you follow the stars to some extent.”
As Soldad spoke, Shalin removed the ring from around her neck. “Here is the ring in question,” she said, holding it out still dangling from its gold chain.
“A ring with a history – how intriguing,” Darius said, taking the ring from her outstretched hand.
He studied the ring for a time, tilting it to end fro and holding it under his nose as though it might have a fragrance.
“Yes,” he said finally, “I see the Pleiades clearly and the ancient workmanship. It could come from Zoroaster’s time or even earlier. Our own astrological beliefs have their roots in Sumerian astrology.”
Darius rubbed his thumb over the smooth inside of the ring. “A noted astrologer of Nineveh who lived over a thousand years ago made observations of the moon believing the various phases of the moon held sway over events on earth.” 
Darius gathered his robe around him more closely as he leaned forward. “In early Persian times, astrologers diverged somewhat from Sumerian beliefs, giving more attention to the movements of the so-called ‘royal stars.’ The four royal stars were all moving stars. First was Aldebaran, watcher of the East, then Regulus, watcher of the North, Antares, watcher of the west and finally, Fomalhaut, watcher of the South. These four royal stars were closely watched by our founder, Zoroaster, to predict the birth of new messiahs who were welcomed into the world by traveling Zoroastrian priests.”
“I have heard of these stars and their importance for prophecy,” Shalin said, her heart racing.
“Such a ring may have once been recorded in our histories, but alas, most of our written history was destroyed by those who spread their new religion by force,” Darius said sadly. 
“Do you think such a ring could have been crafted to aid in the welcoming of Yeshua, the God born to Israel?” Shalin asked.

“Very likely,” Darius said. “My own honored ancestor, King Darius, figures prominently in the prophecies of Daniel, one of the ancient prophets of Israel.”
“I believe I have seen references to the prophet Daniel in my cousin’s Fish Book,” Shalin said.
“Fish Book?” Darius said.
“It has a fish on the cover,” Shalin said, “so we call it that. I believe it is called The Logos in the Greek language.”
“Yes, of course, I know it,” Darius said. “The story of Yeshua’s birth tells of a visit by visiting Magi, likely Persians.”
“All this has been very helpful,” Shalin said.
“I wish I could have found evidence of your particular ring, but for us, so much has been lost…” Darius’s voice drifted off as a servant came bearing chai tea and pan.
Over refreshments, the men spoke of trade and hopes for their expansion of textile mills. A trade of goods was arranged and the guests were invited to take up residence in the brothers’ houses.
“I thank you for the offer,” Soldad said, “but I fear we must be moving on, once our new cargo is loaded. We have more places to visit before we return to Thessalonica.”
“Bethleem?” Shalin asked hopefully.
“Bethleem, of course, and Jerusalem as well,” Soldad said. “We shall leave no possible stone unturned.”
“I am the most fortunate of women,” Shalin said.
Azar laughed. “With the great learning you will bring to this union, I would count my friend Soldad fortunate as well.”
As they were leaving, Darius said, “If you visit Bethleem be sure to look in at the Church of the Nativity. You will find a mosaic there that should be of interest.”
Shalin returned the sign of respect she had witnessed earlier. Palms held up together with a slight dip of the head.

Back aboard the Sea Dancer, Shalin repeated all she had learned to her mother.
Serafina nodded thoughtfully. “I am familiar with what Darius told you about the royal stars– the guardians of the equinoxes and solstices. They generally portend significant events in history. This fits with what Vaspan told us in Constantinople about the position of the stars at the time of Yeshua’s birth. I believe we will find our answers in Bethleem.”
“Azar said one more thing as we were leaving,” Shalin said. “If we go to Bethleem, we must visit the Church of the Nativity and look at the mosaics there.” 
“Yes,” Serafina said. “It looks more and more likely we will find the answers we seek in Bethleem. It lies somewhat inland from the port of Tyre. We will likely have to go by caravan to reach it.”
“I am ready to go by any means necessary,” Shalin said, excitement shining in her eyes. “I feel my ring is leading me back to the place it was created to seek.”

The wool and dyes were unloaded during another break in the rains which had resumed shortly after they came aboard. Wrapped bales of cotton shielded under a tarp were brought aboard by scantily clad porters. Buckets full of cowrie shells were emptied into a large wooden bin.
 
Shalin and Soldad watched as porters braved the storms to deposit their goods into the ship’s cargo hold. The ship’s crew was busy bailing water and trying to protect the sails from becoming too heavy with moisture to function properly.
When all new cargo was stowed aboard and coins had exchanged hands to balance out the trade, Soldad shouted out orders into the deluge. Sails rose up on halyards and ties to the dock were thrown off.
As soon as the Sea Dancer left the wharf, another ship took its place. More ships waited at anchor for a place at the wharf, their crews waiting stoically as the heavens opened and they were drenched anew.
“And this goes on for months?” Shalin asked Soldad as they headed out to sea.
“Yes, on and off,” Soldad said. “It is the rain they count on to grow the rice that sustains them.” He smiled. “On to Bethleem then?”
Shalin raised her face to the rain, smiling. “On to Bethleem!”

Chapter 39

Village of Helsop

Esme thought she had best speak to her father before he heard from someone else that she and Electra had gone to the aid of the Silent Men. She found him at the inn chatting with King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia, who was sewing a dress for Delphi’s doll.
Delphi rushed to meet her, and Skye was close behind with his great tail wagging ecstatically.
“There is my little cousin. How I have missed you,” Esme said, sweeping the little girl high into the air before hugging her.
King Blackwell stood and was next to hug his daughter.
“Where is Shalin?” she asked looking around.
“On her way to Thessalonica with her fiancé,” her father said. “She has accepted a proposal from Soldad who is now appointed governor there.”
“What?” Esme could hardly believe this news. “You agreed to this?”
Blackwell shrugged. “If Thessalonica is found worthy.”
After hugs all around, Esme took a seat at their table in the dining area, still reeling from the news of Shalin’s engagement.
“Are you hungry?” Delphinia asked. “I believe Tandor’s wife Myla is still in the kitchen.”
“I am famished,” Esme said. “We were running short of food as there were many mouths to feed on the return trip.”
“What village was it you went to save?” her father asked. “I was not aware of any other settlements near here on Cold Lake.”
“It was a sanctuary far to the east, but one Electra and I had visited before. It was an accidental poisoning. Maki and Dag were quick to find its source.”
“Did you bring some of your patients back to Helsop?” Delphinia asked. “Is that why your ship was crowded?”
“All our patients were recovered sufficiently to leave behind,” Esme said, “but Electra decided to accept their gift of sheep and she brought two of their shepherds back to establish a herd here in Helsop. She plans to employ Skye here as well in her new endeavor since he is bred to be a sheep dog.”
Esme looked at her father, hoping to change the subject before she was asked more about the village they went to save. “So Shalin is officially engaged now? Why is it you have all come to Helsop?”
Her father smiled. “She is conditionally betrothed to Soldad. He and his father are now co-governors of this newly-freed Byzantine province. The only provision your mother and I made is that Thessalonica be deemed safe and acceptable, so your mother has gone along with Shalin on the Sea Dancer to visit the colony.”
“I can hardly fathom it. My sister is to become someone’s wife. And Soldad – no longer a trader!”
 “I am spinning as well, from the sudden realization,” her father admitted. “I was rather hoping I might convince you, at least, to return home to Henge.”
Esme stiffened. Of course her father must be lonely now with both Shalin and her mother gone. “I…, I am not sure. I have responsibilities here now. I teach classes and work in the clinic and, of course, there is the animal hospital.”
“They all seem to have survived while you and Electra were gone,” King Blackwell pointed out.
“Let me set things right here, I have only now returned. Perhaps I could come for a visit,” she said, refusing to make a definite commitment before giving the matter more thought. “But tell me, what news have you from Henge? Does Prince Oswald still reside in our dungeon?”
King Geoffrey laughed. “Quite a lot has happened on that front.”
“Really?” Esme said. “Has King Gundar made a try for his ship? Is he in the dungeon now as well?”
King Blackwell shook his head. “We have worked things out without declaring war on either side, thanks to King Geoffrey’s help. Henge is now the accepted owner of the great ship King Gundar, but as a compromise we have allowed both Manoa and Sandovia into our trading alliance and we will now sell arms to both countries at our customary prices.”
“This is quite unexpected,” Esme said. “Do you think we can trust Sandovia to keep to its bargain?”
King Blackwell shrugged. “I shall never trust King Gundar completely, but I trust King Gallos to keep an eye on his impulsive father-in-law. We will have our first meeting of the new alliance after harvest in Manoa. I have not confirmed Henge’s attendance as yet.”
Esme saw that her father intended to draw her back to Henge one way or another. “Few ships dare to test the northern seas during the winter months,” she noted.
“If we do decide to go, I thought to go early in the season and perhaps stay for an extended visit. I know your mother hopes to find new islands with guano deposits now that Bat Island’s resources are coming to an end.”
Esme was finding it difficult to breathe. She needed to leave the warmth of the inn’s fire and her father’s attention. “Would you care to visit my animal hospital?” she asked her father. “I do not believe you have ever seen it.”
“I am sure it is impressive,” Blackwell said, showing no signs of leaving. “Would you not like to have a meal first? You said you were quite famished.”
Esme could see in her father’s mind that he felt he was close to gaining the commitment he hoped for. To have his only remaining daughter back in Henge. But in this battle of wills, she was not ready to acquiesce. What would she do in Henge? Her life was here. “I can wait a few more minutes to eat. The hospital is close by.”
“I should like to go,” Delphinia said. “It is a lovely place. Delphi and I go there every day to visit the animals.”
“Good,” Esme said. “Let us all go and see if we have any new patients. I hope my students have been doing an acceptable job in my absence.”
As Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey stood to go, King Blackwell stood as well and Delphi took Esme’s hand, happy to be back in her presence.
They all walked the short distance to the animal hospital and Esme saw at once that the three sheep had been enclosed in the small corral that adjoined Yeshua’s Bower. The two Silent Men who were brought as shepherds, sat on benches under the bower near the sheep.
“Are those not Silent Men?” Delphinia asked.
“They are shepherds who have come to learn more about the teachings of Yeshua,” Esme said, thinking this had turned out to be a very bad idea.
“You went to the sanctuary of the Silent Men?” her father asked at once. “The very ones that kidnapped you?”
“Yes, they sent a man here to ask for Electra’s help, because people were dying of unknown causes. We knew right away that it must be a waterborne illness due to the symptoms,” Esme said, hoping this would satisfy her father’s indignation.
King Blackwell regarded the two shepherds with a steely gaze that left no doubt of his simmering hatred. “I cannot allow you to stay here, Esme, in the presence of men who kidnapped you.”
“That was a long time ago,” Esme said. “They thought I was their goddess. They know now that I am not. They have come to learn more about Yeshua’s teaching and are ready to give up the whole notion of goddesses.”
“I shall need some proof of that,” King Blackwell said, “and I shall need to have an explanation from Headman Dagon as well. I cannot believe he allowed you and Electra to go to a village inhabited by religious fanatics.”
Esme felt the door closing on life as she chose to live it.

Chapter 40

Village of Helsop

As King Blackwell stomped off in a righteous huff to give Dagon a piece of his mind for allowing his daughter to travel to the aid of her former kidnappers, Esme sat on a bench in Yeshua’s Bower with Delphi, King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and the animals in her hospital.
“I believe your father misses his family,” Queen Delphinia told Esme gently. “The thought of Shalin leaving Henge permanently is difficult for him.”
“Yes, I can see all that in his mind, though he tries to hide it,” Esme said.
“Will you return to Henge then?” Delphinia asked.
“I suppose I will have no choice. He is my king as well as my father, after all.”
“Helsop has become home to you,” Delphinia said, placing her hand on Esme’s arm.
“Yes, my life is full here,” Esme admitted. “I do not know what I will do in Henge.”
“Here now, what is this?” came the shocked voice of King Geoffrey.
Esme and Delphinia turned to see what had taken King Geoffrey by surprise.
Delphi had lifted the heavy bar to the corral, apparently with her mind, to allow herself and Skye to enter the enclosure and gain access to the three sheep.
This action did not go unnoticed by the two Silent Men shepherds, who were now on their feet chanting as they bowed in Delphi’s direction.
“Oh no!” Esme said, noting the Silent Men’s reaction. “We must take Delphi back to the inn and away from these Silent Men. They will surely take this as a sign that if I am not their goddess, Delphi must be.”
As Esme swept Delphi into her arms to carry the child away, King Geoffrey said, “Did you see what Delphi was able to do? Who is this child?”
Queen Delphinia said, “She is our granddaughter.”
“Did you know she had this extraordinary power?” King Geoffrey demanded.
“Yes, I knew,” Delphinia said sadly.

When they reached the inn and were settled around the fire, they realized that the Silent Men had followed them. They were still chanting, standing outside the inn.
“Will someone please tell me what is happening here?” King Geoffrey said. “You all seem to have known Delphi is not an ordinary child. Why have you kept this from me? What is the real story of her adoption?”
“She is Avor’s daughter,” Queen Delphinia told him. “She is the daughter of Avor and his wife Cogatin. When he realized she had these unique abilities, he feared she would be labeled a demon spirit by the Barburee people and put to death. He begged Electra to take her and keep her safe.”
King Geoffrey looked at his wife in wide-eyed amazement. “And you kept all this from me?”
Tears formed at the edges of Delphinia’s eyes. Esme could see in her aunt’s mind that she could no longer carry the burden of her deceit.
“I kept that and more from you,” Delphinia confessed. “I never went to Constantinople. I visited Avor in Hormu. I was there when Delphi was born. And I saw him again in Lands End when I visited with Electra. That is when she agreed to take Delphi and raise her as her own daughter.”
“And everyone knew but me?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Not everyone,” Queen Delphinia said. “I do not believe King Blackwell knew.”
“So kings are the last to know what is taking place in their own kingdoms,” Geoffrey said.
“You know everything now,” Delphinia said.
“Somehow I doubt that,” Geoffrey said. “I believe I shall return to Fernland alone. You have obviously put your grandchild above your husband in importance, so I will leave you here to see to her needs.”
King Geoffrey left to gather up his baggage.
“I am so sorry, Aunt Delphinia,” Esme said. “I feel this is my fault in some way.”
“You are not to blame,” Delphinia said. “The fault is mine alone. I did put Delphi first, just as Geoffrey said.”
“But I brought the Silent Men here and now she may be in danger from them,” Esme said.
“You think they would kidnap her?” Delphinia asked.
“I do not know. I may have succeeded in convincing them I am not their goddess. They may be looking for one who is. I had hoped to interest them in Yeshua’s teaching while they were here, but I am apprehensive about their chanting. They chanted similar devotions when they thought I was their reincarnated goddess.”
“Perhaps it is not safe for her here in Helsop,” Delphinia said.
“It is safe enough for now,” Esme said. “They are only two and have no way of getting back to their sanctuary with Delphi. They are here to instruct the villagers on the care of sheep.”

Electra came rushing into the inn. “What has happened?” she asked. “Father has asked for a horse. He says he intends to leave for Fernland alone.”
Delphinia nodded “I confessed all to him. He saw Delphi raise the bar to the sheep pen with her mind and knew she was not an ordinary child.”
Electra shook her head. “I take it our two shepherds saw as well?”
“Yes,” Esme said. “I fear they now have a replacement in mind for the role of goddess.”
Electra let out a heavy breath. “This may not be as bad as it seems,” she said. “Perhaps it is best that the truth is out. Father will come to see he brought your actions on by his own refusal to accept Avor’s choices. He had no right to separate a mother from her son. It goes against nature.”
“He sees only my betrayal,” Delphinia said. “He told me to stay here. He does not want me near him.”
“His feelings are hurt. He will come round in time,” Electra said. “But there is more.” She looked at Esme. “Your father demanded to speak to Dagon. I heard shouting.”
Esme nodded. “He is angry that Dagon allowed you and me to go to the aid of the Silent Men. He said I could no longer stay here. I must return with him to Henge.”
Electra sat down heavily in a chair beside the fire. “I am so sorry. In time I am sure Dagon and I will be blamed for all of it.”
“You may be right,” Esme said. “It is easy to lay blame where weakness is perceived. But you are not weak here in Helsop. The perception is wrong. It is those who hold power who are weak in their thinking to lay blame rather than accept it.”
“When did you become so wise?” Electra asked.
“In my own way, I have experience with holding power I do not deserve,” Esme said.
Electra smiled. “It seems we have some decisions to make and the first one is, what shall we do to ensure Delphi’s safety?”

Chapter 41

Village of Helsop

Electra felt oddly calm in the midst of so much chaos. She saw King Blackwell coming towards the inn and decided the best course of action would be avoiding him until his anger had abated. She needed to speak to her husband.
“Your father is coming,” she told Esme. “Come with me for a time and let him settle. We will seek Dagon’s advice.”
They both kissed Delphi and Electra cautioned her mother to take the child to her suite at the inn and stay there for a while. Then Electra left with Esme through the back door, avoiding confrontation.
“We have only now managed to make peace with Sandovia, and already our own three nations are at odds with one another,” Esme said.
“We are a family,” Electra said. “We will unite again in time.”

They reached the command center and Electra opened the door a crack. “Is it safe for Esme and me to enter?” she called out.
Dagon managed a small chuckle “Yes, come in. I have been thoroughly dressed down by King Blackwell. I do not believe he left any insult unsaid, so there is likely nothing you could add to further vex me.”
The two women entered and Dagon gave up his chair so they could both sit. He sat down on the edge of his desk.
Looking at Esme, he said, “I take it your life is in imminent danger from our two Silent Men, regardless of the fact that they have no means of transporting you to their sanctuary. I further understand that you will be leaving us forthwith?”
“Yes, that is my understanding as well,” Esme said, suppressing a smile.
“King Blackwell is a man who misses his family but does not wish to admit to such a weakness,” Electra said emphatically.
“True,” Esme said. “Perhaps my going will be a help, though somehow I doubt it. He sees the breakup of our family beginning with Shalin’s marriage.”
“You are resigned then? To return to Henge?” Dagon asked.
Esme sighed. “Yes, it is my destiny after all. Henge is my home. I should like to say goodbye to Dag first.”
Dagon shook his head. “I did not consider that. When King Geoffrey left in a state of despair over Delphinia’s duplicity, I thought it best to send someone along with him to ensure his safety. Dag volunteered to go.”
“Thank you for seeing to Father’s safety,” Electra said. “He may become careless in his distracted state.”
“Perhaps you might find an excuse to send Dag to Henge for a time once he returns from Fernland,” Esme said. “My father has come to respect his abilities as a scout.”
Dagon nodded. “And what of your mother?” he asked Electra.
“She is convinced she will live in exile forever,” Electra said. “Those who have never known hardship are not quick to see the many paths available to reconciliation.”
“Where does she plan to reside in her exile?” Dagon asked.
“Here in Helsop with Delphi, I assume,” Electra said.
“Good,” Dagon said. “It will be easy for King Geoffrey to find her once he has time to reconsider.” He leveled a stern look at Electra. “While we are on the subject of residency, what was your thought of where to install both your shepherds and your sheep?”
Electra turned away from her husband’s stern glance. “I suppose the two Silent Men could live in the clinic temporarily. They will be spending most of their day in the fields with the sheep.”
“I have been hitherto unaware of any fields in Helsop,” Dagon said. “Where are these undiscovered grasslands, pray tell?”
“No one is using the low hills just outside Helsop on the road to Henge. I thought they might graze there,” Electra said.
“That area is still in dispute,” Dagon said. “Is this really the time to institute a challenge with our furious ally, King Blackwell?”
“Yes, why not?” Electra said stubbornly. “He has won the battle for Esme. He has no need to dispute a grassy hillside.”
Dagon shrugged. “Let us hope you are correct.”
“It will give Mother something to do with her lonely days,” Electra said.
“What? Become a shepherdess?” Dagon asked.
“Yes, she can go out with Delphi and Skye. They can all learn how to shepherd a small flock. It will be a useful skill.”
Dagon stared open-mouthed at Electra. “Your mother is the Queen of Fernland.”
“Not at the moment,” Electra said.
Dagon shook his head as Electra made a move in the direction of the door. “Not so fast,” Dagon said, “I have a few more matters to discuss.”
Electra turned back to face him. “All right.”
“We now have the company of Gerd and his brother Egil, who I am told hopes to find a wife among your students. Where are they going to stay during their visit?”
Electra let out a breath. “They can stay at the clinic as well unless they have money to rent rooms at the inn.”
“Am I to allow this trapper Egil to go about assessing your students, hoping to catch one unawares?” Dagon asked.
“Yes, I suppose. He is handicapped by not knowing our language, but his brother can speak for him to ask if there is any interest in marriage among my students.”
“Should we not have some rules in place for such a search?” Dagon asked.
“Perhaps,” Electra said thoughtfully. “I could have an hour or two each day when he is allowed to have tea in our dining area and speak to any who might have an interest, one at a time.”
“That seems a more civilized approach,” Dagon said.
“Any other matters?” Electra asked. She had expected an opportunity to console her husband but now seemed to be in a confrontational situation that was becoming uncomfortable.
“Only a few,” Dagon said. He appeared to be enjoying himself now.
“There is the matter of educating the Silent Men in the teachings of Yeshua – a thing you have put forth as a defense against their kidnapping our children willy-nilly to act as their goddesses.”
“That was Esme’s idea,” Electra said, happy to shift responsibility.
Esme nodded, smiling at the interaction between her cousin and Dagon. “Yes, it seemed a good idea at the time,” she said. “I have even begun to learn the language of the Silent Men in the hope of being able to set them on an alternative spiritual path. Now, however, it appears I will be returning to Henge and will not be able to see it through to completion.”
Dagon pursed his lips as he considered. “Perhaps Queen Delphinia could attempt to teach them English instead, while she is out playing shepherdess to our sheep.”
“A brilliant plan,” Electra said, standing. “Now I must get back to the school to set up the rules for courtships. Esme can give her father the good news of her decision to return to Henge.”
“Very well,” Dagon said. “The other matters can wait for this evening.”

Chapter 42

Village of Helsop

Electra was up early in the morning to say goodbye to Esme but decided not to wake Delphi who was staying with her grandmother and her dog Skye at the inn.
“What will you do in Henge?” Electra asked.
“I suppose I will set up a clinic there and handle broken bones and births,” Esme said.
“Will the army physicians object?” Electra asked.
“Certainly not to the births,” Esme said.
“And your father? Will he allow it?”
“If he does not, I shall tell him I will move to another kingdom – one where no Silent Men are in residence.”
“You know he is only lonely,” Electra said gently.
Esme sighed. “Yes, of course I know, and I will tell him he is always welcome to spend time with me at my clinic. But I must stay useful.”
“I will bring Delphi to visit as soon as our new programs here are established. We will have the sheep, and the lessons in Yeshua’s teachings for whoever wants to learn. Then I suppose other young men will follow Egil looking to marry accomplished wives. We will have to see to the formalities of that.”
Esme smiled. “You will spread physicians far and wide.”
Electra nodded. “We should have reunions in the future to compare treatments.”
“What an enterprise you have established here,” Esme said. “Perhaps I should start an overflow school in Henge.”
“That is a wonderful idea,” Electra said. “I have had to turn students away. We are at full capacity here.”
“Yes, please do visit soon,” Esme said. “And bring Dag along. We will need to make plans.”
“What sort of plans?” Electra asked, suspiciously. “You would not defy your father and marry him without consent, would you?”
“Surely I have learned enough discretion by now to make such a rash action unnecessary. My father only needs to see the advisability of such a union, and I believe he is already halfway there.”
Electra smiled. “You make me proud to have been your teacher.”
“You are still my teacher,” Esme insisted. “Do not allow me to languish for long in Henge without the benefit of your wisdom.”

After Esme had left with her father, Electra walked to the inn. She found Egil and Gerd having breakfast in front of the inn’s great fireplace.
“I see you have chosen comfort over frugality,” Electra said. “A stay at our clinic would have been free.”
Gerd smiled. “Yes, Egil thought our staying here would impress the ladies at the school of medicine. And he has arranged with Tandor to buy his bearskin to settle here in front of the fireplace.”
Electra nodded at Egil’s resourcefulness. “I believe your brother will have no trouble attracting a wife. My husband, Headman Dagon, has insisted I lay down some rules to maintain decorum at the school. I have an additional favor to ask of you, Gerd,” Electra said.
“I am at your service,” Gerd said, smiling.
“I am about to suggest to my mother that she use her time here to teach the two Silent Men how to speak and understand English. Might you teach her a few words in the Silent Men’s language to begin the process?”
“I shall do better than that,” Gerd said. “As I have no agenda here, I will spend most of my time with her and the Silent Men. I shall begin a plan of lessons to improve communication between the two parties.”
“Perfect,” Electra said. “You are a welcome addition to our village, and I might add a further encouragement since you are a trader of goods. My mother has never yet met a bolt of silk that she does not love. I only hope my father left her with funds before he, ah, had to leave unexpectedly.”

Electra moved on to knock at the door of her mother’s suite.
“Come in, the door is unlocked,” came her mother’s voice.
Electra entered the room to see her mother, Delphi and Skye all gathered around the fireplace.
“I have ordered breakfast. Will you stay and dine with us?” Delphinia asked.
Electra nodded as she took in her mother’s tear-stained face. “I am sure Father will see that his reactions were out of proportion when he has time to consider,” Electra said quietly.
“No, locking me in the dungeon for treason would have been out of proportion,” Delphinia said. “I have no hope of reconciliation. He has lost trust in me, as he should.” More silent tears ran down her mother’s cheeks.
“All the same, I know he will not be able to live without you for long,” Electra insisted. “Did he leave funds for you?”
Delphinia nodded. “Our agreement with Tandor that we receive a portion of the money he collects from renting out this suite in our absence means we have a large amount of money here on account now.”
Electra was happy to hear it, knowing she and Dagon would have had to make up any remaining debt.
“I have a very big favor to ask of you,” Electra said.
“A favor? What could I possibly contribute?”
“A great deal, as it happens,” Electra assured her.
“I would be delighted to oblige you,” Delphinia said.
“We have the problem of the Silent Men with their belief in a reincarnated goddess to guide them. Esme has tried to convince them that she is not the one they seek. I believe they finally believe her and have transferred their adoration to Delphi now.”
A look of terror danced across Delphinia’s face. “Would they try to kidnap her as they did Esme years ago?”
“We would not allow that to happen,” Electra insisted. “But it is a continuing annoyance to be ever vigilant. I brought the Silent Men here, hoping to learn their language and begin teaching them about Yeshua in hopes they might decide to follow him instead.”
“That seems a good plan, but would they take lessons from me? They are not accustomed to the company of women.”
“I believe they will do anything we ask if Delphi is involved,” Electra said. “I plan to tell them that Skye is Delphi’s dog and we want them to teach him to become a good sheep herder.”
“This is an intricate plan but it seems a bit deceitful at its heart,” Delphinia said. “I have made a promise to myself to stay clear of future duplicitousness.”
“No deceit here, I assure you,” Electra said. “Skye must be trained and the Silent Men need to learn of the true God.”

Chapter 43

Village of Helsop

After two days spent riding up and over the mountain pass from Helsop, Esme arrived with her father and her parakeets at Henge’s castle. Cook was there to welcome her. “Oh my sweet Esme,” Cook said, hugging her. “And you have brought your birds with you. Does this mean you are home to stay at last?”
“I suppose it does mean that,” Esme said. “I am a physician now and plan to set up my own clinic here in Henge city.”
“A physician, imagine that!” Cook gushed. “And just in the nick of time. My old bones have been plaguing me something terrible of late.”
Esme could see that the joints in Cook’s fingers were gnarled and misshapen with disease. “I have some herbal teas that may help with that,” she said.
Cook nodded gratefully. “Our cold winters are no friend to those of us getting on in years. Where have you thought to sit your clinic?” 
“A good question,” Esme said, considering. “It would not do to have it here at the castle. My father does not approve of my chosen profession and would not give permission in any event. Nor do I want to hold it near the army barracks or practice fields where it might be in conflict with the army’s sick bay.”
“You might set up shop down at the wharf area. See to any sick travelers what come in by ship,” Cook suggested.
“Yes, that is possible,” Esme said, “though I should not like my clinic to be viewed as a commercial enterprise. I do not intend to charge those who cannot afford care. I hope to use the clinic at Helsop as a model, where all who come receive care.”
“Will you not be swamped then with freeloaders?” Cook asked, her forehead a sea of worry lines.
Esme smiled. “I do not think so.” An idea slipped into her mind and she spoke it aloud to Cook. “Perhaps I could rent a Gypsy wagon to begin with and hold my clinic on the edge of the Gypsy camp.”
“It would be a right small clinic, that,” Cook said. “You might get two cots in one ‘a them wagons.”
“Yes,” Esme said. “Two cots sound a good beginning. I could add more wagons if needed, or move my clinic to a new location if my practice grows.”
“Are you hungry?” Cook asked. “Are there more people with you, come from Helsop?”
“Just Father and me, the others were soldiers who have gone on to their barracks,” Esme said. She suddenly realized she was very hungry. “Have you something made for lunch?”
“I have a stew made up for Phinn and his family,” Cook said, lifting the lid of a large pot.
The air filled with a delicious aroma of meat and spice. Esme had to stop herself from eating directly from the pot. “I will tell Father. It smells wonderful.”
Cook smiled. “Leave your birds to keep me company,” she said. “I’ll have the stew out to the table directly.”

Esme found her father already back in his office, looking over messages that had accumulated in his absence. He looked up at his daughter cautiously and Esme could see that he was worried his insistence on her leaving Helsop may have put a permanent wedge between them.
“Cook has made a stew for lunch that smells delicious,” she said with a smile.
Encouraged by Esme’s smile, Blackwell spoke with enthusiasm. “A stew is it? I could do with a bowl of stew. Is it time for lunch already?”
“I hope so,” Esme said. “I am famished.”
Her father relaxed and stood. “Let us be first at table then,” he said, pushing his messages aside. “These can wait.”
“Any problems in the pile?” Esme asked, eyeing the stack of messages.
“Just the usual requisitions for payment, bills of lading, recommendations for promotions – nothing of interest.”
“I am interested in the running of the kingdom,” Esme said. “I have begun to hone my management skills after taking over some of Electra’s teaching responsibilities at the school of medicine. Perhaps I could be a help to you.”
“This is not fit work for a princess,” King Blackwell said. “You would likely enjoy working on your paintings more.”
“Perhaps,” Esme said in a congenial tone. “I shall be spending my mornings at my clinic but I shall have my afternoons free.”
“What clinic?” Blackwell said. “You have no clinic here.”
“I plan to remedy that after lunch,” Esme said. “I should have a clinic in place by tomorrow morning.”
Blackwell laughed. “Surely you are teasing me now. I know I showed a lack of grace in hustling you away from Helsop so quickly. I should have been more circumspect. But you must admit you have been too long away from your home. I want you to be happy here. Do not feel that you must earn your keep here. Your presence is payment enough.”
“I have no fear of earning my keep,” Esme said in a pleasant voice.
King Blackwell gave his daughter a confused glance. “This is good then.”
Esme could see in her father’s mind that he did not recognize this new personality his daughter was exhibiting. He found it troubling.
“Shall we see if Phinn has come to join us for lunch?” King Blackwell asked.
“Yes,” Esme said. “How I have missed Uncle Phinn and the acting troupe.”

News of Esme’s return had reached the theater and all the members of the acting troupe showed up for lunch.
Esme was surprised to see how much Phinn’s son Drake had grown in her absence.
Phinn hugged his niece and took a seat next to her at the table. “Are you finished your studies at the school now?” he asked. 
“I am. You may now call me Physician Esme. I plan to begin regular clinic hours tomorrow morning.”
“Here at the castle?” Phinn asked.
“No, I will go after lunch to rent a Gypsy wagon as my first clinic,” she said.
King Blackwell’s expression turned angry. “I will not allow you to demean yourself in such a fashion. The idea is preposterous. Surely you see that.”
“Surely you must see that those who have taken the Hippocratic Oath cannot be physicians in name only,” Esme said to her father. “I am a practicing physician. If not here in Henge, where?” She kept her tone light and cheerful.
“I…,” Blackwell seemed unable to continue. “We shall speak of this matter later,” he finally managed. “We do not need to spoil your homecoming with such matters.”
Esme continued as though nothing had gone amiss. “Yes, I hope to treat both people and animals,” she told Phinn. “Of course I will be available for emergencies in the afternoons, but I shall confine my clinic to the morning hours. I hope to relieve Father of some of his administrative duties in the afternoon if he will come to accept my help.”
“Better you than me,” Phinn said. “I am happy to be relieved of my duties of acting kingship now that you both are returned.”
“I could not help but view the King Gundar at anchor as we came over the ridge this morning,” Esme said. “I suppose we will need a navy now to man such a large vessel.”
Her father had the look of a man who suddenly noticed a monster had appeared in his midst. 

Chapter 44

Kingdom of Henge


Esme wasted no time. After lunch she walked down to the Gypsy camp, strolling through the colorful wagons followed by a group of curious children.
“Do you know if any of these wagons is vacant?” she asked the children.
The children backed off a bit, but none answered her question. She came to a wagon painted with a moon and stars where a very old woman sat on the open rear end with her legs dangling down.
“Do you know of any wagon I might rent or buy?” Esme asked.
“You can stay here with me in this one,” the old woman said. “I only use half of it.”
Esme frowned. “I likely need a whole one,” she said. “I am a physician and I need a place to store my healing herbs. I do not plan to stay all day, but I will be open for business from the wagon each morning.”
“Come have a look,” the old woman said. “I don’t know of another wagon that’s got a vacancy and I could be your first patient in lieu of rent.”
Esme realized this was a generous offer, since she had no money, though she intended to charge for her services when her patients could afford to pay.
“I like the offer of free rent, as I’ve no money as yet,” Esme said. “But I may need a cot for a patient from time to time.”
“There is already a second cot,” the old woman said, “and room for a few supplies.”
Esme hopped up on the end of the wagon to sit beside the woman, then swung her legs up and around to take a closer look inside.
There was a curtain down the middle separating the two sides of the wagon, a small kitchen of sorts with one storage area for clothes and another for food. She could use the two storage areas for her medical supplies. “I am Princess Esme,” she said by way of introduction. “King Blackwell is my father.”
“I am Zigana,” the old woman said, “and we all know who you are. Your Uncle Phinn stayed here with me for a time in his younger days. So did his wife Juanita, and her friend Esmeralda as well.”
“In that case, I accept your generous offer. I shall feel honored to stay where my friends and uncle once stayed.” Esme smiled. “Now tell me what your symptoms are.”
“Old age,” Zigana said. “I do not even know how many years I have lived. If I did, the vast number would likely kill me from the shock of it.”
Esme smiled as she examined Zigana’s wheezing lungs and gazed into her clouded eyes. “I have some teas and tinctures that will help to ease your breathing.”
“I think you will be a good investment,” Zigana said.

Esme made several trips from the castle to the Gypsy camp that afternoon, bringing many of the tinctures, teas and dried herbs she had brought from her numerous days collecting in the forests of Helsop. On her last trip she brought her easel and paints. She wanted to capture the colorful life of the gypsies and their encampment, and reasoned that she would likely have free time for a while, at least, before she began to accumulate patients.

King Blackwell watched from the open door of his office as she walked by with armfuls of supplies, but said nothing. She caught a fleeting thought from his mind, questioning his decision to order her home from Helsop. 

News spread quickly of Esme’s new enterprise and her Uncle Phinn was her first visitor at the Gypsy camp.
“The rumors are true then,” Phinn said, looking at the clutter of belongings outside Zigana’s wagon. “You have taken up the Gypsy life.”
Esme laughed. “A beginning physician can hardly pass up the offer of free office space.”
Phinn laughed as well. “Zigana was ever the one to seize an opportunity. What payment has she extracted?”
“Free medical care,” Esme said, “though her health seems better than such an advanced age should allow.”
“Where is the old woman? I should like to chide her for her lack of visits. She knows she could live with Juanita and me, should she wish.”
“She mentioned you once lived here with her.”
Phinn nodded. “I was trying to find who my father might have been. I only knew from my mother that she was working at the castle when I was conceived. She never mentioned that my father was the old former king himself.”
“And that is how you met Juanita?” Esme asked. “She was living here?”
“It was a bit more complicated than that, but yes, when we first met she was living in the Gypsy camp.”
“Sometime I should like to hear the whole complicated story,” Esme said. “Have you a medical matter to discuss or is this only a social visit?”
“It was meant to be a social visit, but now that you mention it, I have a bit of a rash on my neck.”
Esme looked at the rash. “Make sure your razor is sharp and clean when you use it,” she warned. “I have a salve that should clear that up. Leave off shaving for a few days.”
She left and returned with a small jar of paste. “Twice a day a small bit on rising and before sleep. Smear it on lightly.”
Phinn smiled as he took the jar. “How much do I owe you?”
Esme placed a hand over her heart. “Be still my heart. My first paying customer?” She paused to think. “A copper should do it.”
Phinn smiled and dug into his tunic. He pulled out two copper coins and dropped them into Esme’s hand.
Only one, she said, picking up one of the coins to return it.
Phinn put up a hand in a stop gesture. “Two are more than fair. One for your knowledge and one for the salve.”
Esme smiled and pocketed the coins. “A pleasure doing business with you,” she said.

After Phinn left, Zigana returned with some cheese and bread she had purchased from the wharf area.
“You missed a visit from Phinn,” Esme told her. “He complained that you never visit him.”
Zigana laughed. “That sounds like Phinn. Did he mention that he is never home? He and Juanita and Drake are always at the theater working.”
“He did not mention it, but I know it is true,” Esme said. “I had my first patient while you were gone, so I can now offer you a bit of payment for your hospitality.” She dropped one of her copper coins into Zigana’s hand.
“Phinn?” Zigana asked.
“All my patient conferences are confidential,” Esme said.
“Phinn,” Zigana declared, nodding.

Chapter 45

Kingdom of Helsop

Electra walked along with Gerd the first morning of her new sheep-raising experiment. They picked up a sleepy Queen Delphinia and an excited Delphi, stopping at the inn long enough to procure a breakfast of an egg wrapped in a piece of soft bread for each of them.
They met the two Silent Men outside the clinic and proceeded to pick up their three sheep at Yeshua’s Bower. By this time the sun was lifting over the forest, filling the sky with a soft pastel pink glow.
Skye seemed to know already what was expected of him. He kept the three sheep moving along with the large group of would-be shepherds, nudging the sheep when necessary.
The group moved up the gently sloping road toward Henge flanked on either side by rolling grasslands. Whether this grassland belonged to Helsop or Henge was a question as yet unanswered. Their new alliance was such that Electra presumed her use of the grasslands would not be challenged.
“This seems far enough,” Electra said. Turning to Gerd, she said, “Ask the Silent Men if this will do.”
A long discussion ensued and Gerd held up his hand at one point, pausing to make a report.
“The sheep will do well in this pasture,” Gerd translated. “They will need a salt lick and access to water. They must be shorn of their wool once a year and they will need a fenced enclosure during the warm months to keep them safe from predators. During the winter months, they must have an enclosed roofed space to keep them from the elements.”
“I should perhaps be taking notes,” Electra said, “but so far I believe I can remember all that. Is there more?”
“I think so,” Gerd said. He turned his attention back to the shepherds, nodding as they spoke.
Electra noticed Skye seemed very aware of everything the sheep were doing and saw that Delphi had her hand embedded in Skye’s coat. Was Delphi reading her dog’s mind as Esme might do? Finding comfort in his presence? She wished Esme were here to tell her.
Gerd took another break from the Silent Men’s long dissertation. “You must reserve some of these grasslands for the harvest of hay to be consumed in the winter months. Each sheep will eat about a ton of hay per year. A ewe may give birth once or twice a year. The lambs take about five months to be born. Usually they are born in pairs. One for slaughter and one to increase the flock.”
“I believe that is all I can set in motion for today,” Electra said. “Did they mention the dog?”
“Yes, they said Skye must stop touching the sheep with his nose. He is making them nervous. He should have one trainer only and answer to that person.” Gerd gave a little shrug, as though apologizing for heaping so much responsibility on Electra at one time.
“I shall try to find workers to begin work on the fence today,” Electra said. “The sheep have access to the creek and we certainly have enough salt on hand. As to who shall be Skye’s master,” she shrugged, looking from Delphinia to Delphi. “Perhaps we need a boy from the village? Soren, perhaps?”
The Silent Men began to chant again, bowing in Delphi’s direction. Electra sighed and asked Delphi if she wanted to stay with the sheep or return with her to the school of medicine
“Stay Skye,” Delphi said.
“What would you like to do, Mother?” Electra asked.
“If Delphi is staying, I will stay. I do not want to leave her alone in the company of the Silent Men,” Delphinia said.
“Come for lunch then, at the school. I will have food sent over from the mess tent.”
“All right,” Delphinia said, taking a seat on a flat rock.
Electra turned to Gerd. “Today will be the first of our afternoon teas. Your brother will be meeting with Adele, one of our students who has become a physician and is ready to take up her profession. They will need you to translate for them.”
Gerd smiled. “This should be an interesting courtship with me in the middle. I hope my brother does not suddenly wax poetic.”
Electra laughed. “Adele is quite a serious person. I do not know what effect poetry would have on her.”
“My brother is seldom serious, except where food and his work are concerned,” Gerd said.

Electra left her mother, daughter and Skye with the sheep and shepherds, rehearsing in her mind all the arrangements that must be made for the flock of three sheep. She would need to speak to Soren and to Dagon as well. She wondered if she could count on her husband’s help. He was still a little miffed that she had made so many decisions without consulting him first.
“Do you think the Silent Men will be interested in learning English?” Electra asked Gerd as they walked back to the school.
“I know they will be,” Gerd said. “It is the language that Delphi speaks.”
“I was afraid that was the case. They believe now that she is their goddess?”
“Their chants would indicate as much. They chant in hopes of finding favor with her,” Gerd said.
“They seem to know their shepherding craft well,” Electra noted.
“Yes, the Silent Men produce the best wool. That is their main trade item.”
“It would be good to have a supply of wool clothing here for our cold winters,” Electra said, hoping her husband would eventually agree.
“The sheep are good producers, already acclimated to life in the high pastures,” Gerd said.
“Yes.” Electra relaxed a bit. Surely Dagon would see that. “And Skye comes from a long line of excellent sheep dogs.” 
“I am sure it will turn into a profitable enterprise,” Gerd said.
Electra nodded. Still a prayer to Yeshua could not hurt.

They found the students at the school of medicine in a tumult of giggles and whisperings as they entered. 
 Egil sat at the dining table sipping tea as the students fluttered around him.
 “Did you not tell your brother to come after lunch to meet Adele?” she asked Gerd.
 I did,” Gerd said. “But my brother goes his own way. I suppose he wanted to see the students for himself.”
Electra frowned. “Would you ask him to leave for now and return after lunch?”
Gerd spoke to his brother in their language and Egil stood at once to leave. He smiled at the girls bustling around him, cleaning chairs and implements that did not appear to need cleaning.
Electra saw Adele in the kitchen area frowning and went to speak to her.
“Egil showed a lack of good judgment in coming too soon. You may wish to count that a strike against him.”
Adele shrugged. “He hardly took notice of me.”
“He likely did not know which of you he was scheduled to meet today, so thought it safer to smile at everyone,” Electra said.
“He is perhaps too handsome for me,” Adele said. “He may turn out to have a wandering eye.”
“He may, though as a trapper and hunter of the great white bears, he would have little opportunity,” Electra said. “Try to keep an open mind for now.”
“All right,” Adele said. “Do you suppose he is friendly with Vagans?”
“I do not know,” Electra said. “But that would be a very good question to ask.”

Chapter 46

Village of Helsop

Electra’s mind was full of so many things. Foremost, was the care of the new sheep. She decided she must speak to Dagon. She could accomplish little without his help. She walked briskly to militia headquarters and was surprised to see her son, Soren, sitting on the step outside the one room building throwing sticks to Skadi who fetched them back with no evident enthusiasm.
“Where is Gregor?” she asked Soren. It was unusual to see the two brothers apart and very unusual to see Skadi without her master, Gregor.
“He is on a training exercise with Maki the Scout,” Soren said, a bit forlornly.
“And Gregor did not take Skadi?” Electra asked
“Maki would not allow it,” Soren said. “He says he trains scouts, not dogs.”
“I see,” Electra said. “Is your father here?”
“Yes, but he says no children are allowed in militia headquarters.” Soren flung out the stick Skadi had dropped at his feet.
“Please do not leave while I speak to your father. I may have an important assignment for you and Skadi when I come out,” Electra said.
Soren looked up hopefully. “An assignment?”
“Yes, an important one. But I need permission from our headman first,” Electra said.
“I won’t leave,” Soren promised.
Electra walked into militia headquarters and eyed her husband critically. “You have a very lonely boy on your stoop.”
Dagon put his finger to his lips and whispered, “I know. But he needs to learn how to figure out his own interests. He is too dependent on his brother to plan his activities.”
Electra frowned as she considered his words. “As it happens, I have a job for him.”
“What job?” Dagon asked with interest.
“Sheep dog trainer,” Electra said.
“For three sheep?” Dagon asked.
“Yes. I have recently learned a lamb can form in a ewe’s womb in five months’ time and usually two lambs result, so we will very soon have seven.”
“Five months?” Dagon said. “Yes, I can see that a flock is not far off.”
“That is why I have come to see you. We will need a few accoutrements for our coming flock and there may be a need for one or two workmen as well.”
“Militia men?” Dagon asked. “I thought that is what the shepherds were for.”
Electra could see that Dagon did not plan to make this easy. “We shall need a fence with a gate constructed around the grazing area. Then, before winter comes we shall need a roof enclosure for protections from the rain and snow. We shall also need to harvest enough hay to feed the sheep through the winter months. And we shall need someone to learn the art of sheep-shearing.”
“Ummm, quite a long list,” Dagon said. “How do you plan to secure these materials and workmen? I assume you must have considered all that before making your decision to go into the sheep herding business.”
“Actually I was counting on your help,” Electra admitted.
“The help of a militia headman?” Dagon asked.
“The help of my husband who would likely appreciate a warm wool jacket come winter.”
Dagon leaned back in his chair. “It strikes me that you might also need someone who spins, knits and owns a spinning wheel to make such a thing feasible,” Dagon said.
“Will you help or not?” Electra asked.
“Of course I will help,” Dagon said, “but only because I love you. I will order another ship broken down for wood for the fence and the winter enclosure, and we will ask Dorian to fashion a gate.” He paused for a moment and smiled at Electra. “How go the English lessons? Have our Silent Men now become followers of Yeshua?”
Electra returned the smile, and her love for Dagon warmed her. “They seem content to learn English alongside Delphi, but they find Skye overly enthusiastic with the sheep. They say he is making them anxious.”
“Overly enthusiastic is it? Of course Skye would be an eager student. He is a prince among dogs.”
“You only say that because he is your dog,” Electra said.
“A mere coincidence,” Dagon insisted. “And you think Soren could quell his enthusiasm?”
“I think he has the required background in dog training and he also has Skadi to act as an example of good dog behavior, now that Gregor has become apprenticed to Maki.” Electra said.
“Did you mention the possibility to him as yet?”
“I hinted that I might have an important assignment for him. He seemed eager to accept any offer.”
“Let me make the offer,” Dagon said.
“Thank you,” Electra said.
Dagon opened the door. “Soren, could you come in please?”
“I thought children – ”
Dagon cut him off with a stop motion. “This is an important militia assignment. We are not asking this of a child, but of a qualified Helsop citizen volunteer.”
Soren’s eyes grew wide as he came through the door.
Dagon offered Soren his chair and sat on the edge of his desk.
Soren looked around the small one room shack, taking in the whole of militia headquarters in a glance.
“We are establishing a new industry here in Helsop,” Dagon began. “One that will ensure meat through the winter months for our soldiers and high-quality wool for new uniforms for the whole of our militia.”
“The sheep?” Soren asked.
“Exactly. Before long we may have four new lambs and the start of a larger flock. The presence of sheep will attract predators. They must be protected. And one of the best protections is a thoroughly trained sheepdog. This is the area where we may fall short.”
“We have Skye and Skadi,” Soren said.
“Yes, two good dogs, but unfortunately, as yet untrained,” Dagon said. “Our two new Silent Men shepherds know how to train suitable dogs to be protectors of the flock, but they must return home soon. They say a good sheepdog should be trained to obey one master, so neither of the Silent Men will do. When I heard the requirements I thought at once of you. You have the background needed in dog training. Would you accept the position and learn under the Silent Men while they are still here?”
Soren’s face broke out in a happy glow. “Yes sir, I would.”
“Excellent. I knew we could count on you,” Dagon said. “Shall we go out now to meet the shepherds and tell them that you are to be the official trainer?”
Soren hopped out of his chair. “Yes, and Skadi is ready, too.”
Electra could hardly contain tears of happiness to see her younger son so excited. She trailed behind them to the school of medicine and took her leave. “Be back here at the school for lunch,” she told her son, “and bring Delphi and your grandmother with you.”
Electra saw Gerd sitting at the dining table as she opened the door to the school. Her entrance was announced by Coco the Parrot. "Here she comes," the parrot squawked.
"Gerd, could you catch up with Dagon and my son Soren? They are on their way to begin training Skye to be a sheepdog and to mark off the boundaries for a fenced enclosure. I know they would be glad of your help as a translator.”
“Of course,” Gerd said, reaching for his cap.
“Be sure to return in one hour or so for lunch,” Electra said.
Electra sat at the dining table reviewing her morning’s work. A spinning wheel. Where might one find a spinning wheel?
Dag came through the door of the school. “I am back from Fernland,” he said. “King Geoffrey is safely installed in his castle.”
“Good,” Electra said. “I am sorry to report our Esme is now returned to Henge’s castle. But I have a plan to see her. It seems we are in need of a spinning wheel.”
Dag gave her a confused look.
“Have a seat. I have a lot of news you will need to hear.”

Chapter 47

Kingdom of Helsop

After setting many plans in motion that morning, Electra prepared to welcome everyone to lunch at the school of medicine.
Her mother and Delphi came through the door, rosy cheeked and animated after spending the morning outdoors with the sheep.
“The Silent Men have learned their first English words,” her mother said, excitement giving her eyes a sparkle.
“And what would those words be?” Electra asked, happy to see her mother smile for the first time since her father had left for Fernland alone.
“Sheep, fence and dog,” Delphinia said.
“Dog,” Delphi repeated, equally excited and happy.
“An excellent beginning,” Electra said. “We have a lunch of fish and greens to celebrate this occasion.”
Delphinia laughed. “If this is your celebratory food, I can only surmise your life here in Helsop is one celebration after another.”
“Truer words were never spoken,” Electra said. “Might I hope that the entrance of the word ‘fence’ into the Silent Men’s vocabulary means work on the new enclosure has already begun?”
“Yes,” Delphinia said. “And Gerd says Dorian has agreed to craft a gate.”
“More good news,” Electra said. “And I have an idea of where we might find a spinning wheel to make our new wool into yarn.”
“I have never learned to spin,” Delphinia confessed, “but I do know how to knit.”
“You do?” Electra said, amazed. “I have never seen you knit.”
“I learned as a girl,” Delphinia said. She grinned. “Before I moved on to sewing.”
Dag walked through the door with Dagon, both still deep in conversation.
“Headman Dagon,” Coco the parrot sang out in Dagon’s voice. Everyone looked up and laughed.
“Perhaps we are expected to stand or salute in your presence,” Electra teased.
“That bird is a plague,” Dagon complained.
“A plague,” Coco repeated in the same deep voice.
The laughter only increased as Dagon frowned at the bird.
“Come in, come in and have a seat,” Electra invited. “We are all very happy with the morning’s advances. The Silent Men are learning English and work on our new sheep fence has begun.”
“And Soren has begun work with Skye,” Dagon added.
“Where is Soren?” Electra asked.
“He wanted to go over his morning’s lessons with Skye and Skadi one more time,” Dagon said. “He will be along soon.”
“Will the Silent Men be joining us?” Electra asked.
“I do not think so,” Dagon said. “They were building a fire and taking out some vegetables from their packs as I left with Dag to hear his report on King Geoffrey.”
At the words King Geoffrey, a hush fell over the happy scene. Everyone looked at Queen Delphinia to see if she would be stricken by the mention of her husband’s name.
“Did he seem competent when you left him at the castle?” Delphinia asked Dag.
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Dag said. “He was quiet but in control.”
“That is good,” Delphinia said. Moisture gathered at the corners of her eyes.
Gerd came through the door of the school. “I hope I am not late,” he said. “My brother needed some reassurance for his interview today.”
Happy to have this distraction from her mother’s distress, Electra said, “He seemed quite comfortable here at the school earlier. In fact, I believe all my students were impressed by his bearing – no pun intended.”
A few who caught the vague reference to his bear hunting, grinned.
“He believes they seem too happy here at the school and will not want to move so far from home.”
Electra nodded. “That is a concern of mine as well. Has he given any thought to perhaps moving here to Helsop?”
“I do not think he has,” Gerd said, shaking his head. “His trap lines are well established and his hunting is timed for the bears’ annual migration to our area. It would be difficult for him to move closer.”
“I am sure he will find at least one student willing to make the move,” Electra said.
Soren came through the door with Skye and Skadi. He was smiling.
Electra looked at Coco, wondering if he would honor her son with an introduction. The parrot tilted his head and looked at those assembled from a ninety degree angle. He spread his wings and said, “Woof,” choosing to mimic Skye instead. It was enough to send everyone into new peals of laughter.
Soren ignored Coco and said, “Skye is doing well. He follows Skadi’s example. I think he wants to be a sheepdog.”
“Of course he does,” Electra said.
Delphi went to hug Skye. “Good dog,” she said.
Everyone seemed to relax. Delphinia’s eyes had dried and they all sat down to their celebratory lunch of fish and greens.
As their hunger abated, Electra set down her fork and said, “I believe we may find a spinning wheel in Henge. Since they have sheep flocks there, they must have persons who take to spinning their wool. I thought I might arrange a trip to Henge to bring one back soon. I should also like to check on Esme to see how she is progressing with her goal of starting her own clinic in Henge.”
“Perhaps we could just sell them our wool,” Dagon suggested. “We would need knitters as well were we to spin our own yarn.”
“And we have a knitter,” Electra said proudly. “My mother.”
Everyone looked at Delphinia.
She shrugged. “It is not difficult to learn. I would be happy to teach anyone who wished to take it up.”
Electra smiled. “It seems to me quite an opportunity. I sometimes accept promising students who lack funds to attend school here as charity cases. Knitting in the evenings and spinning wool into yarn would be an opportunity for them to pay their own way.”
Dagon nodded “That seems a good plan. When do you want to leave for Henge?”
Electra looked at Gerd. “Soon, I hope. We shall see what happens today at tea. We may have a wedding to plan first.”
Gerd smiled. “I hope my brother’s fabled courage will not desert him at this crucial juncture. We do have need of a physician in our village and I can see we have come to the right place to find one.”

Chapter 48

Village of Helsop

Electra did not want to be in the school while Adele and Egil were having their tea. It would be awkward enough having Gerd there to translate their personal questions.
She decided to join her mother and daughter out on the pasturelands for a time. She watched as Soren lined up three dogs – he had borrowed Fang for the afternoon as well.
Dag had come out with Fang to watch the sheepdog training.
“Stay,” Soren said as he walked away backwards, watching to see that his command was obeyed.
Fang and Skadi froze in place. Skye seemed to be vibrating with enthusiasm and joy but kept to his place in line.
Soren returned to give each of the dogs hugs and small treats. He came to stand beside Dag and his mother.
“I need to train them to go left or go right. I do not want them to touch the sheep, but to run behind the sheep to herd them.”
“Likely best to give a signal and then run with them at first,” Dag suggested.
“Yes, that should work,” Soren agreed. “They are all such smart dogs.” He smiled, proud of his pupils.
“This is a lark for Fang,” Dag said. “She likes the company of other dogs.”
“They all seem to think this is some kind of dog party,” Soren said.
Electra was so proud of her son. She could see that she was not needed here in this dog trainers’ gathering so she excused herself to join her mother and Delphi.
“We shall soon know if Adele is to become a wife,” Electra said to her mother. “They are having their matchmaker tea as we speak.”
“I cannot imagine marrying a stranger and going off to live in a foreign kingdom,” Delphinia said. “Is this a common occurrence amongst your students?”
“This is something quite new,” Electra said. “Often a student will return to the kingdom from which she came, and find a husband among friends she knew before she left to come here, or be introduced to new prospects by her family. I often receive messages from former students and sometimes attend their weddings.”
The two Silent Men had begun a chant as they sat close to Delphi who was picking wildflowers and arranging them in little circles. She held up a small white flower and said ‘flower’ which seemed to delight the two Silent Men.
“Flower,” they both repeated at once.
“This is a good development,” Electra noted. “Now Delphi has become their English teacher. I did not know she even knew the word flower.”
Delphinia smiled. “I believe she understands a good many words. She seems to enjoy listening to our conversations. She is cautious about letting people know her abilities.”
“In Delphi’s case, that is a good trait to have,” Electra said.
“Yes, I think so,” Delphinia agreed.
Electra looked up at the arc of the sun. “I believe the tea should be finished by now. I think I will return to the school to see if there is to be a wedding for Adele. Would you like to come with me?”
“No, I think I will stay here a bit longer,” Delphinia said. “Delphi is enjoying herself here and I like watching Soren put the dogs through their paces.”
“All right,” Electra said. “I will stop by the inn later and bring you the news.”

Electra entered the school of medicine to find Adele still sitting alone at the dining table with a stunned expression on her face.
Electra took a seat beside her student. “What happened?” she asked, taking Adele’s hand in her own.
“I think Egil asked me to marry him and I think I accepted,” Adele said.
“How is it you are not sure?” Electra asked.
“It seemed we were speaking in hypothetical terms. ‘Do you think you would be happy living with Egil’s family for a time if you were to marry?’ That sort of thing.”
“And then?” Electra prompted.
“I asked if there was a danger from Vagans attacking and was informed that the Vagans were troublesome neighbors, prone to drinking too much and rowdy behavior, but usually managed to live in peace with their neighbors.”
“Yes, that was a good question,” Electra said.
“I had more questions, but then Gerd asked if I wanted to be married and I thought that was another hypothetical question, not a proposal, so I said yes, because I do want to marry someone.”
“And then what happened?” Electra asked, with an uneasy feeling.
“Then Gerd smiled and his brother smiled and both shook my hand and then they left.”
Electra pursed her lips. “I see what you mean. Which way are you inclined after your short time with Egil?”
“I am inclined to say yes because he is so handsome, but I do not know,” Adele said, shaking her head.
“Tell me your questions and I will bring you the answers before this is final,” Electra said.
Adele looked at Electra and nodded. “Yes, that would be good. I need to know if he wants to have children, and if I would be allowed to practice medicine there and what gods they worship and what chores I would be expected to perform in addition to my medical duties.”
 “All good questions," Electra said. "And I will bring you the answers. Do not worry; you are not committed as yet."
“Thank you,” Adele said. “I was very concerned that I had made a bad bargain.”
“Tell me,” Electra said, “do you wish to have children and work as a physician after marriage?”
“Yes, to both questions,” Adele said. “As you seem to manage it, I do not see why I could not as well.”
Electra stood and said, “I will be back shortly.”

Electra found Gerd and Egil at the inn tracing a chalk outline on the floor in front of the fireplace.
Gerd looked up and smiled. “We are making the outline for Tandor to show where the rug will lie. It will take several weeks to make the bearskin into a rug.”
“Adele had a few more questions she did not have a chance to ask Egil,” Electra said.
Electra thought she saw a blush appear on Gerd’s face. Had they deliberately tricked Adele?
“Certainly, should we return to the school?” Gerd asked.
“I will ask them for her,” Electra said. “First, does Egil wish to have children?”
Gerd translated the question to his brother. Nodding, Gerd said, “He does if she does.”
Electra frowned. “She does.”
Gerd spoke again to Egil, who smiled. “Yes, he would very much like to have a family,” Gerd reported.
“And will she be allowed to work as a physician?” Electra asked.
“If she wants to,” Gerd said without asking his brother.
“Ask Egil,” Electra insisted.
“He hopes she will,” Gerd said. “He has already told me this.”
“What other chores will be required of her?” Electra asked.
“Only what she wishes to take on,” Gerd said, “being a mother and a physician is enough.”
“Finally, what gods do you worship?”
“The usual Norse gods,” Gerd said, “Odin and Thor and the lot.”
 “Any objections if she chooses to follow Yeshua?” Electra asked.
Gerd put the question to Egil. “No, he does not care who she worships.”
Electra smiled. “Then I think we had best prepare for a wedding.”

Chapter 49

Kingdom of Henge

Esme was preparing to close up shop for the day. It had been another morning of sickly pets and calls for her rash cream. She had made two more batches of the cream since Phinn’s visit and had begun packing it in sea shells. She bought the shells from the children of the Gypsy camp who gathered them from beaches along the shore. So far no one with a serious injury or sickness had called on her.
“I am leaving now,” she called to Zigana who was sitting on her cot in the wagon, mending a mitten.
“See you tomorrow,” Zigana called back.
Esme kept to her established schedule. Mornings at the clinic where she would paint if she had no patients and afternoons at the castle. She always announced she was available to help if her father needed any assistance in managing the kingdom’s business affairs and he always politely refused her offer, though she could see he was weakening in his resolve. In his mind he was considering giving over some of his accounting duties to her as he deemed that a task appropriate for a woman, if not for a princess.
As she walked up the hill to the castle, she could see several empty carts returning from Helsop, along with one filled with metal handball canisters.
Alongside one of the empty carts rode two people on horseback. They were the two people she most hoped to see – Electra and Dag. She took off at a run up the hill.
Dag met her half way, dismounted and swung her into the air.
“How goes it, Physician Esme?” he asked, grinning.
“Have you come just to see me?” Esme asked.
“At the heart of it, yes,” Dag admitted, “though we have found plausible excuses to make the journey necessary.”
“Where is Fang?” she asked.
“She is in sheepdog school under Soren’s care,” Dag said.
Esme laughed. “I had forgotten about the sheep. So Fang has been drafted into their care? There are only three sheep.”
“Soon to be more. They hatch every five months I am told.”
They walked up the hill together leading Dag’s horse, to meet Electra.
“How good it is to see you,” Esme said. She hugged her cousin as soon as she dismounted. “Tell me the reason you have manufactured to make such a visit necessary. I always look forward to hearing your imaginative creations.”
Electra smiled. “ No prevarication required. We shall soon be in need of a spinning wheel.”
Esme clapped her hands together. “Of course. I should have guessed. How I have missed you and all of Helsop.”
“Are you a working physician now?” Electra asked.
“I am,” Esme said, producing a few copper coins from her pocket. We are doing a large business in rash ointment.”
“We?” Electra asked.
“The Gypsy children and I have formed a partnership. They collect shells on the beach and I pack them with salve to soothe rashes. I have had many customers.”
“Very resourceful,” Electra said. “So you have strengthened ties with the Gypsy community?”
“I have my business there. I share a wagon painted with moons and stars with a Gypsy woman called Zigana – a friend of Uncle Phinn.”
“You have made great strides in such a short time,” Electra said. “How go things with your father?”
“No evident progress on that front, but he is weakening. He longs to have a confidant now that Mother is gone off with Shalin and he is considering handing over some accounting duties to me.”
Esme could feel Dag’s discomfort. He knew Esme’s affection for him was the biggest hurdle she would have to overcome in her grand scheme to become heir to Henge’s throne.
Esme easily read his mind. “Father thinks well of you,” Esme insisted. “He remembers your help in solving the pirate mystery.” Dag knew that this at least was true. “I believe he would like you to train a few of his soldiers in the art of scouting,” Esme continued.
“He told you this?” Dag said with evident surprise.
 “He has not thought it yet, but he will soon.”
Dag shook his head. “Do not put thoughts into his mind.”
“No need. A reminder of your abilities should be enough.”
Dag gave her a distrustful look. “Allow me to make my own impressions.”
“Of course,” Esme said. She looked back at Electra. “So you have need of a spinning wheel?”
“I do,” Electra said. “I feel I could take in more charity students if I were able to offer them some sort of work to pay a portion of their fees.”
“One of my rash customers complained that the woading process was raising havoc with her skin.”
“What is the woading process?” Electra asked.
“It is one of the preliminary steps in processing the wool. The woading is a blue dye – very common and inexpensive for a dye. I could take you to her now if you like.”
Electra looked at Dag. “I know you are anxious to speak to Steig the Blacksmith. Shall we meet later at the castle?”
“All right,” Dag said. “I will likely find Steig at the newest iron ore pit.”

Esme and Electra veered off toward the grazing lands.
“How goes Egil’s search for a bride among your students?” Esme asked.
“He chose the first one he met formally and she accepted his proposal. Adele and Egil have posted their banns and will be married when Dag and I return.”
“Adele?” Esme said. “Yes, she will be a success wherever she goes. Very level-headed.”
“And very much in love from the looks of it,” Electra added.

“Here we have the wool storage shed,” Esme said as they rounded a curve in the path to behold a long wooden structure. “This is also where they do the shearing.”
“This sheep grazing business is much more complicated than I originally envisioned,” Electra said. “Already we have had to build a fenced area and a winter barn on the advice of the Silent Men.”
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “I believe there are many steps involved between the shearing and the final woolen cloth as well. Inka will know. She does the woading.”
They stepped into the shed and Electra could smell the biting aroma of lye soap.
Inside the shed various small groups were working at an assortment of tasks.
Esme waved to her patient, Inka. “How is your rash?” she asked.
“Much better thanks to you,” Inka said, smiling.
“This is my friend and mentor, Electra of Helsop,” Esme said by way of introduction. “She wants to know more of the wool making process.”
Inka smiled. “There is so much to know – I am only accomplished in one task. There is the sorting, the cleaning, the beating, the dying, the greasing, the carding, the spinning, the weaving and finally the fulling.”
Electra looked as if she was straining to stand against a strong wind. “So much,” she murmured.
“Perhaps we should start at the beginning,” Inka said. She led them to a group of people in the middle of the shed. “Over here, we have the sorters.”
Esme pulled Electra along holding her arm firmly, as though afraid her cousin might try to make a run for the door. “I am sure it is not as formidable as it sounds.”

Chapter 50

City of Joppa

As the Sea Dancer sailed into the port of Joppa, Soldad spoke to Shalin and her mother in a cautious voice. “I have chosen Joppa because Jerusalem is only a day’s trek away, but I must advise you – there is danger in doing so. This ancient port is firmly under the control of adherents to the new religion – the one the Persians of India fled from. They only tolerate visits from Christians because we bring in revenue for them in our pilgrimages.”
“You know I can deflect any attack,” Shalin said. She was trying to be more forthcoming about her powers now that she and Soldad were betrothed, but he still did not know the full extent of her abilities.
“I know what I saw in Bayrut but I must advise you not to attempt such deflections here. Women are subjugated here and risk their lives if they draw attention.”
Shalin nodded even though she did not completely understand.
“I shall go this evening to the caravansary and try to arrange travel with a larger group of pilgrims. There will be safety in numbers.”
“Might I go along to see the city?” Shalin asked.
Soldad seemed undecided. Shalin could see in his mind that he longed to show her the city with all its ancient history, but feared exposing her to danger.
“Let me go ashore for a brief visit,” he said. “I will bring you the traditional covering. Then it should be safe for you to go.” Soldad looked briefly at his future mother-in-law.
Serafina held up her hands. “I am content to stay aboard. I will see Joppa tomorrow on the way to the caravansary.”
Soldad nodded and went to the ship’s bow to look for an empty slip where they could tie up at the ancient pier. He spotted a vacant space and took the ship’s rudder to guide the Sea Dancer into it.
Shalin watched as he walked along the narrow wharf, disappearing through the gate of the walled city.
The walls and stone buildings of the city came right to the water’s edge. Parts of the wall had collapsed and parts looked newly rebuilt. Some of the newer structures rose above the walls in tall slender spires. Shalin could hear chanting coming from one of the nearby turrets.

Soldad returned within an hour with two black robes for Shalin and Serafina. Shalin could barely see outside the heavy veil after donning the costume.
“Let us go quickly,” he said, “before we lose the light.”
They rushed down narrow alleys on stone walkways that were bordered on both sides by tall stone buildings. Only clay pots with blooming flowers broke the severity of stones all around. They even passed under many stone archways overhead connecting buildings on one side of the street to those on the opposite side.
“So much masonry,” Shalin whispered.
“This city may be the oldest port in the world,” he said. “It has been conquered and lost repeatedly, even in the times of the great Egyptian pharaohs.”
“It has seen many invasions then?” Shalin asked, fascinated.
“So many,” Soldad agreed. “And the latest has been our own Byzantine loss to those of the new religion.”
“So this invasion came before the one we witnessed in Damascus?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, the invaders keep pushing north,” Soldad said. “Ah, here we have what is left of the caravansary.”
They entered a fenced area on the outskirts of the compact city. There were donkeys and horses, but no camels that Shalin could see from behind her thick veil.
“We will inquire at the shed about possibilities,” Soldad said.
They walked into a long dilapidated shed with a caved-in roof where groups of people were huddled around campfires.
“Pilgrims,” Soldad said. “This is good. We will find a large group.”
Soldad spoke to some of the men around the first fire in a language Shalin did not understand.
“They are monks from Venice,” Soldad said. “They say we can travel with them. They will be leaving tomorrow morning.”
Soldad took a brand from their fire before leaving to use as a torch on the way back to the ship. They walked more slowly this time, their arrangements now in place.
“It was to Joppa that Jonah came to flee to Tarsus in the old Jewish Holy Book, only to be swallowed by a whale,” Soldad said, in a light, teasing tone.
“What is this old Jewish Holy Book?” Shalin asked.
“It is the book that promised the coming of Yeshua,” Soldad said. “Yeshua came to fulfill the promises of God made to the Jews in ancient times.”
“I did not know of this book,” Shalin said, “but I saw the name Joppa in Mother’s Fish Book.”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “The Apostle Peter also came here to Joppa. He was given the revelation of the animals falling from a sheet and he also raised Dorcas from the dead here.”
“Do those of this new religion believe those old stories?” Shalin asked.
“I do not know,” Soldad said. “But I know they hate the Jews even more than they hate Christians.”
“Why is that?” Shalin asked.
Soldad shrugged. “They have been at war for centuries, fighting for control of these lands. Now that they have their own new religion, the hatred has only intensified.”
“These new spired towers are their creations?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, these towers are where they make their calls to worship. They pray several times during the day and even during the night.”
“Will they try to kill us if they learn you are a Byzantine Christian?”
“No, not if we come prepared to give them money. But we may be stopped along the way, where tolls will be demanded for the use of roads. There may also be bandits. We will avoid large marketplaces where pickpockets lay in wait.”
“I did not realize I was putting us in such danger by coming here,” Shalin said, reaching for her ring without even being aware of her actions. As soon as she touched her ring, she felt the throbbing within, as if a heartbeat had been birthed.
“What is it?” Soldad asked, moving his torch closer to her face.
“My ring is reacting to being here. I have a heightened sense when it comes to my ring. I do not know if you will be able to feel it.” She pulled the ring’s chain from around her neck and handed it to Soldad.
“It feels warm, and seems to be – humming?”
Shalin took the ring back. “Yes, that is a good description. At first it was only a pulse, but now it is more like a humming.”
Soldad shook his head. His expression of wonder was exaggerated by the glare of the torch. “What do you suppose it means?” he asked.
“I think it means we have come to the right place,” Shalin said. “I think the ring was made to guide us to Jerusalem and perhaps to Bethleem after that.”
“Amazing,” Soldad said. “Joppa is truly a city of miracles.”

Chapter 51

Port of Joppa

The next morning, very early, all were awake and busy aboard the Sea Dancer. The crew members wanted to make the pilgrimage to Jerusalem and Bethleem along with Soldad, Shalin and Serafina. Only the first mate, who had made the journey previously when he worked aboard The Logos with Soldad’s father, agreed to stay aboard and guard the ship.
“We should be back tomorrow,” Soldad told his first mate. “We will reach Jerusalem today, and leave early for Bethleem tomorrow. We should make it back by dark tomorrow evening.”
“Look to your safety,” the first mate said. “I shall be out of danger aboard the ship.”
The crew gathered before leaving the ship and Soldad said a short prayer. “We shall fear no evil for Thou art with us, in our going out and our coming in. We humbly ask that you protect this ship and all who sail aboard her.”
“Amen,” all the crew responded.

They gathered what little they planned to take along and left quickly to join the monks at the caravansary and set out for Jerusalem.
Soldad had a money belt strapped around his waist. He covered it with a light jacket even though it promised to be a warm day. Shalin stayed close to him, both to protect him and to feel comforted by his presence. It was an odd dichotomy to know she was more powerful than he was, but to feel protected by his presence, knowing he would give his life to shield her from harm.
They walked quickly through the stone city, pausing briefly to take note of impressive structures along the way. The narrow alleys provided shade from the sun that could not yet reach straight down to warm them.
At the caravansary, the monks were already up and loading their mules and donkeys for this last leg of their long journey.
Soldad arranged for donkeys for the whole group and they were soon on their way into the rising sun.
Shalin shaded her eyes as she rode beside Soldad. “I see mountains ahead,” she said.
“Mount Zion,” Soldad said. “Jerusalem sits upon a plateau. We will see it in the distance as we travel. The hills that surround it are both our destination and our greatest obstacle. It is there that tolls will be levied for our passage and the place where bandits lie in wait to relieve us of our treasure.” 
“I may be able to prevent such insult,” Shalin offered.
“I do not mind paying what they ask,” Soldad said. “It is best to keep the peace.”
Shalin was not convinced of that but chose not to argue the point.

After a few hours spent crossing the dusty plain, it felt good to begin the climb to cooler elevations. They passed rocky outcrops on low hills that hinted at caves and hidden byways. As they twisted around higher hills, their well-worn path offered ever closer glimpses of Jerusalem in the distance.
Serafina rode up beside Shalin on a wide place in the road. “How is your ring reacting?” she asked.
Shalin pulled the gold chain over her head to hand the ring to her mother. She could feel the ring throbbing in her hand.
Serafina took the ring and lifted both eyebrows as she held it. “It has awakened,” she said.
Shalin nodded, happy that her mother could finally feel what she had been feeling since they arrived at Joppa.
Just then, a commotion up ahead drew their attention.
A group of bandits had cut off the group’s advance from the side. They had lain in wait, hidden by a wall of boulders. Now they were spreading out, demanding the gold crosses the monks wore around their necks and advancing on Soldad and his crew members.
Serafina quickly handed the ring back to Shalin who placed it in the pocket of her dark shroud rather than hanging it around her neck in its usual place. She lowered her heavy veil into place to cover her face.
When one of the bandits approached Soldad she put a thought into the bandit’s mind in Greek. This man has nothing. Only a small gold cross around his neck.
The bandit pointed to Soldad’s chest and put out his hand. Soldad obediently dropped the small cross and its gold chain into the bandit’s outstretched hand.
Those of his crew who wore crosses were also relieved of those crafted in precious metals.
When the bandits reached Shalin and Serafina, dressed in their dark traditional coverings, they passed them by.
The bandits left as quickly as they had appeared and Soldad rode back to ask if Shalin and her mother were shaken by the incident.
“We are fine,” Serafina assured him. “They left us alone, thanks to our shrouds.”
Soldad invited them to move up closer to the front of the group. “There will be toll stations ahead, and I have offered to pay the tolls for the monks,” he said. “Luckily, the bandits did not notice my money belt.”
Shalin smiled behind her veil.

After paying their tolls, the large group rounded a final curve and saw Jerusalem spread out before them. The Temple Mount dominated the view.
They passed through the western gate, the Jaffe Gate, and saw the city as it now appeared. The great temple had been destroyed hundreds of years before by the Romans. New buildings had taken the place of older ones. The tall towers of the new religion dotted the area now, but parts of the old Jewish structures remained and now newer Christian edifices as well.
“We will visit the Church of the Holy Sepulcher and walk down the Via Delarosa, the path which our Savior walked to his death on the cross,” Soldad said. “Then we will spend the night with the monks near the Hospital of St. John.”
The monks had begun singing hymns of praise as soon as they entered the city, giving thanks for their safe delivery to the City of God.
Shalin raised her veil to view a parade of nations as pilgrims from many lands blended in with those who still lived and worked in the ancient city.
The voices of vendors hawking their wares merged with the joyful songs sung by pilgrims in a variety of languages. They all seemed to be surging in the same direction, further into the fabled city.

As they walked toward the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, Soldad was beside Shalin, recounting the history of the church to her.
“Our first Byzantine Emperor, Constantine, saw a cross in the sky and took it as a sign from God. He became a Christian and sent his mother, Helena, to Jerusalem to find the tomb of our Savior. With the help of two bishops here, she learned that an earlier Roman Emperor who hated Christians had found a tomb cut into the rock of an old limestone quarry. A piece of a cross found there was believed to mark the tomb where our Savior’s body was laid after his crucifixion. The Roman emperor ordered the tomb filled in and had a temple constructed on the site to honor the Roman goddess Venus.”
“Do you believe this story?” Shalin asked.
“I do. It is well documented,” he said. “They also found the remains of other crosses nearby.”
“When was this?” Shalin asked.
“About three hundred years after Christ died,” Soldad said. “Helena arranged to have the Roman temple dismantled and found a tomb under the foundation that had been filled in. The soil was removed and at that place a rotunda and gardens were constructed, joined by a colonnaded atrium and a large public building which was later destroyed. Now there is a shrine housing the rotunda of the place of burial and resurrection.”
They came near the end of the Via Delarosa and the monks began to cry out in ecstasy and sorrow. They could see in the distance, the place they believed to be Golgotha.

Chapter 52

Jerusalem

Shalin tarried at what appeared to be the remains of an old limestone quarry. The remains of a large wooden building that had burned to the ground led to a marble colonnaded atrium that ended in a marble rotunda.
The monks who returned from Golgotha brought out the small wooden crosses that had been of no interest to the bandits and laid them at the foot of the rock that marked the site of Yeshua’s empty tomb.
“This must be a very sad place for the monks to visit,” Shalin said.
“Do not forget that when Yeshua’s followers came to see his body they found an empty tomb,” Soldad said. “Yeshua now sits at the right hand of God in heaven where he intercedes on our behalf to this day.”
“Your faith seems a great comfort to you,” Shalin said.
“Most assuredly,” Soldad agreed. “My faith sustains me.”
The members of the Sea Dancer’s crew approached carrying small scraps of papyrus and bits of charcoal. 
“Will you leave a prayer?” one of his crew members asked.
Soldad took two blank slips of papyrus and gave one to Shalin. “It is customary to leave a written prayer in the cracks of the wall behind the tomb,” he said, offering a bit of charcoal to write with as well. Would you like to leave one?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “I would. Will you write one as well?”
“Of course,” Soldad said.
Shalin thought for a moment and then began to write. I pray that if you would care to be my God, you will grant Soldad and me a long and fruitful marriage. Sincerely, your ring bearer, Shalin of Henge.
“Would you like to read it?” Shalin asked Soldad.
“No, it is between you and Yeshua,” he said with a smile. He wrote a few words on his slip of papyrus. Then they walked to the wall together and slipped their prayers inside the cracks.
Soldad stopped to kiss the rock and laid his own small wooden cross on the pile already there. “These crosses will be burned at the altar on Easter Eve,” he said.
They joined Serafina in the garden that adjoined the rotunda.
“Shall we join the monks?” Soldad asked Serafina. “They are ready to leave for the monastery where we are invited to spend the night.”
“Yes,” Serafina said. She held out her hands, palms down with her fingers spread wide.  “This is a place of great power. I can feel it all around me.”
“It is a place of great significance as well to those of us who believe. It is where our hope for eternity rests,” Soldad said.
“I am glad I came,” Serafina said. “I have now much to consider.”
Soldad smiled. “It gives me joy to hear it.”

Serafina stood and they walked to the rotunda where the monks and the ship’s crew were gathering.
“We will stay at the Monastery of the Cross tonight where the monks have arranged lodging. It is not far from here and adjoins the hospital,” Soldad told his crew.
They walked together in a loose procession to the northwest corner of the old city – the Christian quarter.
“Since the followers of the new religion are in control now, why do they still allow Christians to live and visit here?” Shalin asked.
“I could say it is because they want the tolls and treasure the pilgrims bring in, but that would not be the whole truth,” Soldad said. “I believe many wish to live in peace with their neighbors, no matter their faith, just as we do in Constantinople and Thessalonica. You and I do not yet share the same beliefs yet we love one another and are content, no?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “I am interested in hearing what others believe and in knowing the history of their traditions.”
“This is as it should be, I think,” Soldad said. “Likely this was the mindset of whoever originally crafted your ring. The Zoroastrians visited messiahs wherever the stars led them.”
Shalin pulled the ring from the pocket of her costume. It throbbed as though it were a new heart coming to life. She hung the chain once again around her neck. “I was lucky the bandits did not bother to search my pockets.”
“It is safer for you to remain hidden beneath your costume,” Soldad said. “Even our own monks can sometimes react poorly to the presence of women.”

They arrived at a large stone structure and Soldad announced they had arrived at the Monastery of the Cross. It looked to be composed of several parts, a chapel, a bell tower and living quarters, all enclosed within connecting walls to the hospital.
Soldad conferred briefly with the monks and then they all entered through a low door on the side.
Once through the door, a different world was exposed to view. The harsh stone edifice housed a wealth of beautiful artwork.
Tapestries hung on the walls of the inner chamber. Rich mosaics lay beneath their feet. The walls free of vestments were painted with glowing frescoes.
Everywhere Shalin looked scenes from the Fish Book were portrayed in vibrant color. The Saints heads’ were encircled with globes of gold leaf.
“This is amazing,” Shalin whispered to Soldad.
“Centuries of art from the hands of the monks,” Soldad whispered back.
The monks with them stopped to listen as bells rang out from the bell tower. A call to prayer? Shalin wondered.
“Our companions will go now to the chapel to join the monks who live here,” Soldad whispered. 
After the monks made their silent departure, Soldad said. “Follow me, we can bathe and rest in the guest section until the bells sound the call to gather in the dining area.”
“A bath and a rest sound perfect,” Shalin said.

They followed Soldad through a series of narrow but richly adorned passageways to an inner courtyard that connected to the guest chambers. There they found tubs of water and towels set out for the use of pilgrims.
Shalin and her mother took their cold baths behind a screened porch and changed into the clean clothes they had carried with them. They used the bath water to wash the dark robes that they would wear again when they left the monastery.
“What do you think of Jerusalem?” Shalin asked her mother.
“It is a place steeped in history and tradition,” Serafina said. “That is as I expected. I even anticipated the tension of conflicting views on religious beliefs. What I did not anticipate was the great power I sense here. It rises up from the mountain itself. Can you feel it?”
“I do feel it,” Shalin said. “And my ring seems to have sensed it as well. I feel certain that whatever is here, it beats in harmony with my ring. I believe it was fashioned solely for this purpose – to lead its wearer to this place.”
“Now we have come,” Serafina said. “Are we any closer to knowing why?”
“I suppose if we were Magi coming from Persia, we would go now to King Herod and ask as they did, ‘Where is this Messiah whose birth was foretold in the stars?”’ 
“And his religious scholars would send us as they did hundreds of years ago, to Bethleem?” Serafina said.
“Yes,” Shalin said. “We saw today where he died and was resurrected. Tomorrow we will see where he was born into the world.”

Chapter 53

Jerusalem

After baths and a nap, Shalin and Serafina joined Soldad and his crew at the door to the monks’ dining area. The dining room was unaccountably plain amid the heavily adorned public spaces of the monastery. It consisted only of a very long table and chairs in a white-washed room.
The guests sat at the far end of the table and listened as the monks said their prayers before eating.
The food was simple fare, but adequate—rice with vegetables and bits of lamb. Soldad asked one of the older monks from Venice how he was finding his pilgrimage so far.
The monk spoke in Greek for which Shalin was grateful. “This has been the journey of a lifetime for me. To see the place where my Savior rose from the dead, fulfilling all the promises made in ancient times—it is quite overwhelming.”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “I regret the loss of your gold cross, but it seemed wiser not to defy the bandits.”
“Gold crosses can be replaced,” the monk said.
“We plan to go on to Bethleem in the morning,” Soldad told the monk.
“We will stay here for several days with our brothers,” the monk said, “but we plan to visit Bethleem before we return home.”
“We were fortunate to travel with your group,” Soldad said.
“Bless you and all your company,” the monk said, making the sign of the cross.
“Thank you, Father,” Soldad replied.

The next morning Shalin and Serafina were up early, gathering up their few traveling items in readiness for the trip to Bethleem.
Soldad and his crew waited just outside the monastery.
“Our goodbyes and thanks have been given?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, I made a donation to the monastery on all our behalves,” Soldad said. “It is a short journey to Bethleem. I thought we might walk there if that seems good.”
Serafina sensed that it was her decision and agreed. “Yes, I would enjoy a walk down the mount.”
They walked along with a stream of pilgrims and traders to the quiet plain south of Jerusalem where sheep grazed and crops grew in pastoral peace.
The structures spread out below them were more modest than those in Jerusalem but there was no evidence of fighting or destruction as there had been in the Holy City.
They passed a small caravansary on the outskirts of the village and Shalin imagined that this might have been where Mary and Joseph took shelter and where the Magi came to visit the infant Yeshua and honor him with their gifts.
“Do you think Yeshua might have been born there at the caravansary?” she asked Soldad.
“Perhaps, though we are going now to visit the Church of the Nativity which is alleged to be built on the site of the birth,” Soldad said. “It was constructed at the same time as the Temple of the Sepulcher.”
“This church was built on orders from Emperor Constantine?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, the construction was funded by Helena, Constantine’s mother, three hundred years after Yeshua’s death and resurrection,” Soldad said.
As Soldad’s attention shifted to a question from one of his crewmen, Serafina moved closer to Shalin and asked, “What is your ring’s reaction to being here?”
Shalin pulled the chain from around her neck and held the ring in the palm of her hand. She closed her eyes, the better to concentrate. “I believe the throbbing has lessened just a bit in intensity after leaving Jerusalem, but it is hardly noticeable. I think it safe to say the ring was crafted to take its wearer to Jerusalem. Perhaps that is as much as was predicted by the stars. Even so, it was a remarkable prediction.”
“Yes, it was,” Serafina agreed.

When they reached the Church of the Nativity, Shalin was surprised by its great size and complexity.
“The grotto is the most important section,” Soldad said. “It is located in the cave where Mary and Joseph took refuge in an overcrowded town.”
“Because of the census,” Shalin said, remembering the passage from the Fish Book.
“Yes, all the Jews at the time were ordered by the king to go to the villages of their tribes where they would be counted by the census takers. Bethleem was the village where Joseph had his lineage.”
“So Yeshua was born in a cave?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, that was the belief. It is a series of caves, actually, where animals were kept in olden times.”
“And all this was built in Constantine’s time?” Serafina asked.
“All except the basilica. The original was destroyed around two hundred years after being built, but this new one was constructed to replace it.”
“I am surprised it was left standing by those who now rule in Jerusalem,” Serafina said.
“There is an interesting story concerning a conqueror who came along after its construction. He was a Persian general who was about to order the complex destroyed, but on entering he saw a depiction above the church entrance that showed three Magi dressed in the robes of Zoroastrian priests. He was so moved by this that he ordered the building spared. And still it stands to this day. There is even an altar inside dedicated to the Magi.”
They entered the church by way of a very low door called the “Door of Humility.”
They were met by a monk who introduced himself and asked where they had come from.
Soldad introduced himself as the Governor of Thessalonica and the monk insisted he accompany him to meet the bishop residing there.
The bishop received the pilgrims with much formality and offered to give them a private tour of the church.
“I have always wanted to visit Thessalonica,” the bishop said.
“We would be honored to have you as our guest,” Soldad said.
“Yes, we must keep in touch,” the bishop said, leading them down an aisle of the church to the altar in the front.
“To reach the grotto, we must go down the stairs. The entrance to the grotto is now underground.”
“Hundreds of years of erosion from the nearby mountains would make that likely,” Serafina noted.
“An interesting explanation,” the bishop said. “The adjoining monastery can be reached through a series of caves connected to the grotto. It’s quite the maze down there.” He pointed to the staircase and allowed his guests to go ahead of him.
Below was a cave that still had vestiges of its original limestone stalagmites. At one end was a fourteen pointed silver star laid out on the ground with a hole in its center.      
“Put your hand in the hole and reach down to touch the original spot where Yeshua was first laid in the manger,” the bishop said.
They each did so, with Soldad going first, murmuring a prayer as he touched the spot below.
They lingered there in the grotto for some time, taking in its peaceful simplicity and admiring the many gold frescos and mosaics that adorned the altar.
“You must join me for lunch in the church courtyard,” the bishop invited.
“We would be honored,” Soldad said.

Chapter 54

Bethleem

After a pleasant lunch in the large courtyard next to the Church of the Nativity, the bishop asked what their plans were after visiting Bethleem.
“I thought we would head directly west toward the sea from here,” Soldad said, “and then take the coastal road north to meet our ship in Joppa.”
“I insist you take my carriage to the sea,” the bishop said. “From there I have a skiff that can take you north to Joppa.”
“That is a generous offer,” Soldad said, “but are you sure that would not be too great an inconvenience for you?”
“No, not at all,” the bishop assured him. “Some of your crew will have to ride atop the carriage, but it is a short distance.”
“We are most grateful,” Soldad said.
“It is not often we receive pilgrims of such prestige,” the bishop said.
“I have only recently become Governor of Thessalonica,” Soldad said. “The position was a gift from Emperor Licinius for my assistance in breaking the siege around Constantinople.”
“I see,” the bishop said. “A nasty business, that siege. We were quite worried here as to what the fall of Constantinople might mean for us in the Holy Land.”
“Yes, the repercussions would have been felt throughout the world had the siege been successful,” Soldad said.
“Is your pilgrimage here the result of answered prayer on your part?” The bishop asked.
“No, actually, this trip is one promised to my fiancé Princess Shalin. Shalin and her mother Queen Delphinia are interested in Yeshua’s teachings and wished to make this journey before Shalin and I take our vows.”
The bishop looked with new interest at the two dark-robed women sitting beside Soldad. “Many travel here to take their vows. I would be honored to preside over your marriage while you are here if you would like.”
“Thank you for your offer,” Serafina said, “but I believe my husband, King Blackwell of Henge, wishes to have the wedding in our homeland. You would be welcome to attend and preside there if you would like.”
“A tempting invitation,” the bishop said, “but with things so unsettled just now, I find myself unable to make such a commitment.”
“Of course,” Serafina said.
“We should perhaps take our leave,” Soldad said. “If we reach the sea today, we should be able to reach Joppa sometime tomorrow.” He stood and stretched, patting his stomach. “A most enjoyable lunch.”
The bishop smiled. “I shall call for my carriage. It has been my sincere pleasure meeting you and your companions.” He made a slight bow.
“We look forward to seeing you again when you are able to come to Thessalonica. I promise you will be well looked after there,” Soldad said.

As they boarded the bishop’s large ornate carriage an hour later, Shalin said, “You seem to have quite a knack for ambassadorial duties. I think you will do well as a governor.”
Soldad nodded. “I begin to see there are certain advantages to holding high office – the most notable, of course, is the feasibility of marrying a princess.”
Shalin laughed. “It is debatable who has the advantage in this union. I feel quite fortunate myself.”
“It will be a different life for both of us, but more so for you,” Soldad said. “You will be separated from your family and your homeland.”
“Esme once told me the reason she would choose Dag over any others,” Shalin said. “She said Dag felt like home to her. And you feel like home to me. I feel safe and treasured in your presence.”
“Never doubt that my first priority in life will be to preserve those sentiments,” Soldad said.
“This visit to the Holy Land has been my first priority for much of my life,” Shalin admitted. “Now I feel certain my ring’s sole purpose has been the same. It has fulfilled its mission to bring the bearer here.” Shalin paused for a moment. “Perhaps I should leave it here.”
Soldad smiled. “It could lead others here as well.”
“Yes, perhaps that would be a better outcome,” Shalin said. “You seem to have no trouble believing such an unlikely tale. That a ring could have the power to lead.”
“My whole life is dedicated to beliefs I cannot prove,” Soldad said. “I cannot prove my Savior lived and died here in the Holy Land. I cannot prove he arose from the dead to go ahead to heaven and make a place for us – those who believe the promises he made. Yet I believe those promises with my whole heart. It is given to some of us to hear and believe.”
“I am very close to joining you in your beliefs. I should like to know more about the old writings of Yeshua’s people – those writings that predicted his coming.”
“That is easily remedied,” Soldad said. “These codices are available in Thessalonica’s library and for sale in Thessalonica’s marketplace. There are many in Thessalonica who still cling to the old Jewish beliefs and many rabbis that you may visit and learn from in our city.”
“I look forward to it,” Shalin said, “but it will have to wait a bit. I believe we shall have to return to Henge soon after reaching Thessalonica.”
Serafina, who had appeared to be napping in the carriage, opened her eyes and looked around, stretching her neck first one direction and then another. “Was I asleep for long?” she asked.
“No, we were just chatting about our experiences here in the Holy Land,” Shalin said, wondering if her mother had truly been asleep.
“A most extraordinary place,” Serafina remarked. “Did you take note of the mosaic floor while we were there?”
“I did,” Shalin said. “I saw the three Persian priests depicted there, carrying their gifts to the new messiah.”
“I could not tell if any were wearing rings,” Serafina said.
“Nor could I,” Shalin said. “But they were richly dressed. It would seem fitting.”
“You are satisfied then, that you have solved the mystery?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “I believe my ring was fashioned in Persia to lead the astrologer-priests to find this Messiah whose birth was predicted in the stars many hundreds of years ago.”
Serafina nodded.
Shalin could see her mother was thinking about the remaining uncovered spells lying hidden in the ring, but she said nothing more.
“I suppose then our work here is done,” Shalin said.
Soldad nodded. “Here we are at Ashdod,” he said. “It is too late to go on to Joppa tonight. I shall tell our driver to take us to an inn.”
He knocked on the ceiling of the carriage and the driver slowed to a stop.
Soldad got out of the carriage and looked around at the fishing village in the fading light. “Do you know of an inn where we might spend the night?”
“Yes,” the driver said. “Shall I take you there?”
“Thank you,” Soldad said, returning to the carriage. “Tonight Ashdod and tomorrow Joppa. From there we shall leave at once for Thessalonica.”
“And from Thessalonica,” Serafina said, “I believe we must leave at once for Henge. We have been gone longer than I imagined.”
“I hope you will be giving our city a good report to King Blackwell,” Soldad said.
“Good enough,” Serafina replied.

Chapter 55

Kingdom of Henge

Esme, Electra and Dag returned to Helsop with two wagons full of materials necessary for the conversion of wool fleece into wool cloth. These materials included not only shears and a spinning wheel, but dyes, cards, paddles, grease, drying racks, spools and a loom.
King Blackwell seemed to have forgotten all about the threat of the two Silent Men shepherds when he gave his permission for Esme to attend Adele’s wedding to Egil. Esme guessed her father needed some relief from her persistent pressure to assign her some of his kingly duties, even if leaving posed a threat to her safety.
“There are your sheep,” Esme said, as they came down the final hill into the village. “And there are Skye, Fang and Skadi, all protecting them, one dog for each sheep.” She laughed at the spectacle.
“The dogs have taken to their new jobs like bees to honey,” Electra remarked. “That at least has gone as planned, though I had not imagined putting Soren in charge. I believe he will likely take over the job of shepherd when the Silent Men return to their sanctuary.”
“I do not know about that,” Esme said. “I think Delphi and Aunt Delphinia may be candidates for the job as well.”
“Yes,” Electra said. “Since Shalin has been gone, Mother and Delphi spend most of their time together here with the sheep and the dogs.”
“King Geoffrey has not relented and sent for her?” Esme asked.
“Apparently not,” Electra said. “I know if he had, she would have returned to Fernland.”
“I am surprised,” Esme said. “I cannot imagine King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia – one without the other.”
“I know,” Electra said. “They have always been inseparable.”
As they came closer, Delphi recognized Electra and Esme and ran to meet them. Esme swung her up into a hug and Electra sat down on the grassy hillside to hold her daughter in her lap.
“Have you and your grandmother been taking good care of the sheep?” she asked.
Delphi nodded in a serious way. “And Skye.”
“Of course, Skye has been doing his job as well. He is a good dog,” Electra said.
Delphi nodded emphatically.
“We have brought back a spinning wheel so that we can make the sheep’s wool into clothes,” Electra explained.
Delphi looked curiously at the wagon full of equipment.
Queen Delphinia came up the hill slowly.
Electra hugged her mother and then stepped aside to give Esme the same opportunity.
“How good it is to see you, Aunt Delphinia,” Esme said.
“I am surprised your father allowed you to return,” Delphinia said. “He seemed very angry when you left.”
“He has since learned that there are some benefits to having me here in Helsop rather than underfoot in Henge,” Esme said, smiling.
Delphinia sighed. “Evidently King Geoffrey feels as your father does when it comes to having me around.”
“No word from him as yet then?” Esme asked.
“Not a murmur,” Delphinia said.
“That is a mystery to me,” Esme said. “Perhaps I should go to Fernland and find out the truth of the matter.”
“No, please, you have only now returned. I do not wish to lose you as well.” Delphinia hugged her niece. “Nor could I bear to lose Delphi. We have become shepherds, have we not?” she asked, running her fingers through Delphi’s long black hair.
Delphi nodded.
They all walked together into the village leaving the dogs and the Silent Men in charge of the three well-fed sheep. Dag followed behind, guiding the carts and horses into the village.
Esme longed to go for a trek into the forest with Dag, but felt obligated to go first to her animal hospital and to visit her students at the school of medicine. She followed Electra into the school and congratulated Adele on her upcoming marriage to Egil.
“I am nervous about going to a new place to live – a place where Vagans dwell,” Adele said. “You have been there. Is it a place where people live in fear?”
“No,” Esme assured her. “The fishing village is quite peaceful, not so different from Helsop. There is an inn there where traders and fishermen gather. Egil’s family had us to dinner. They seemed very happy about the idea of a physician possibly coming to live among them.”
“Even a female physician?” Adele asked.
“Yes,” Esme said.
“And did you come in contact with Vagans?” Adele asked.
“Yes, and they were rude, but because they depend on one another, they manage to live in peace.” Esme paused for a moment. “I would wager, were you to treat someone in a Vagan family, they would give you their respect ever after.”
“I will keep that in mind,” Adele said. She smiled. “Can you stay for my wedding?”
“Your wedding is the reason I have returned,” Esme said.
Adele hugged Esme. “Thank you,” she said. “Will you visit us there in the fishing village?”
“If I am able,” Esme said. “I am trying to interest the Silent Men in Yeshua’s teachings so that they might give up their belief that either I or Delphi might be their goddess. I may come eventually to see if I was successful in that endeavor.”
“I hope to visit Helsop as well,” Adele said. “Egil’s family has the fishing boat, so it would be possible.”
“Good,” Esme said. “Have you everything you need for the wedding?”
Adele smiled. “The students are making me a dress and I believe Queen Delphinia is helping them, but it is meant to be a surprise.”
Esme smiled. “I will try to sneak a peek for you. When is the wedding to take place?”
“Tomorrow,” Adele said. “And after, we will leave at once for the River Thebes. But Gerd will return, perhaps bringing another bachelor along with your Vagan ship.”
“I am on my way to the animal hospital. Are there any patients there?” Esme asked.
“The squirrel is still there and a red fox with an injured paw, I believe,” Adele said.
“I will look in on him,” Esme said, “and if I am able, I will see what sort of sewing the students have been up to.”
Adele smiled and hugged Esme again before returning to her packing.

Esme stopped briefly at the animal hospital and spent some time fixing a better splint for the fox’s broken leg. Then she sang to her parakeets and played tug-of-war with Yancey before going in search of Dag.
She found him in the newly-built sheep shed, unpacking all the purchases Electra had made in Henge. “This whole business of sheep ranching is more complicated then Electra ever imagined,” Esme said.
“It appears so,” Dag said. “I have no idea what some of this is for. She could just sell the wool to Henge.”
“Yes, you might mention that to her,” Esme said, “but it is not generally her way. She always seeks to provide new jobs for her people.”
“We are already quite overworked with blacksmithing and fishing,” Dag complained.
“Too overwhelmed to go for a long walk in the forest?” Esme asked.
Dag smiled. “Let me just report in to Dagon and see if that might be allowed.”

Chapter 56

Village of Helsop

Esme and Dag walked into the forest hand in hand. She took deep breaths of the forest air, taking in the scents of green growth and soil rich with organic matter. She could feel her lungs expanding, tasting the richness of verdant life.
“The seashore is good for breathing,” Esme said, “but it lacks the depth of forest air.”
“Yes, I know what you speak of,” Dag said, “the air here is restorative.”
“I wonder if anyone will miss my clinic in Henge while I am here,” Esme said.
“I am sure the Gypsy children will,” Dag said. “I saw a few them gathering shells on the beach for you in Henge. They use the few coins you give them to buy treats at the wharf.”
“Yes, they have the spirits of entrepreneurs.” Esme laughed. “And they do love their pets. They insist on paying me in shells for their pets’ care.”
“You miss them,” Dag said.
“I do. While I am there I miss you and Helsop. While I am here, I miss them and even my grumpy father. What is to become of me?”
“That is a good question,” Dag said. “I suspect whatever comes, it will be your choice.”
“You know my fate is knit with yours,” Esme said.
Dag sighed. “I do, yet somehow I feel my fate is out of my hands.”
“That is likely true for both of us,” Esme said. “Perhaps we should just leave tomorrow with Adele and Egil. Go to live with the great white bears.”
Dag laughed. “Perhaps I should follow my dog’s lead and become a shepherd.”
“Did you ever imagine such a to-do over three sheep?” Esme asked, laughing.
“I have become used to such changes of late,” Dag said. “So many traders are coming here now, bringing their new customs and ideas to Helsop.”
“Yes, and yet at its core, Helsop seems unchangeable,” Esme said.
“How long will you stay here?” Dag asked, more serious now.
Esme shrugged. “A few days at most. I know I am wearing Father down. He is about to begin sharing responsibilities with me.”
“That sounds a path from which there will be no turning back,” Dag noted.
“I know,” Esme said.

The next morning, all of Helsop was in wedding mode.
Esme slipped into Adele’s room at the school. Adele was already up, considering her piled-up belongings.
“I caught just a glimpse of blue silk,” Esme said.
Adele’s eyes grew wide and her hand covered her mouth briefly. “Silk? How? We have no silk here.”
“My Aunt Delphinia is a great collector of silks. The rumor is, she traded a night at the inn for a piece of silk to make your dress,” Esme said.
Tears formed at the corners of Adele’s eyes. “What a rare gift if it is true.”
“I hope I am not mistaken,” Esme said. “I know a way to dress your hair atop your head that I have learned in Constantinople if you would like to try it,” Esme offered.
“Is it quite lovely?” Adele asked. “I should like to appear quite lovely today.”
“I think so,” Esme said. “It resulted in a marriage offer from one of the emperor’s nephews in my case.”
“In truth? Why are you then still unmarried?” Adele asked.
“I did not love him,” Esme said.
“Yes, I should like to try this new hairstyle,” Adele said.
“Good. I will come back later after you have your dress on. I am told that is the correct order of things,” Esme said.

The marriage took place in Yeshua’s Bower, with most of the village looking on. Adele looked beautiful in her long blue silk dress with her lush blonde hair piled high on her head, ringlets of curls draping down.
Dagon, as Headman of Helsop, led the couple through their traditional vows and the villagers applauded as the two were declared husband and wife.
Everyone moved then from the bower to the mess tent where lunch was served to all. Too soon, it was time for the new couple to take their leave. Many gifts were piled atop one of the tables in the mess tent.
Adele and Egil looked over the bonanza of presents. There were fancy breads and jars of preserves along with folded rugs and clothes.
“I will be back with the promised bearskin rug for the inn, come spring,” Egil announced in English. Evidently his brother Gerd had coached him in these few words.
Gerd took over then. “My brother wants to thank you all for making his wedding day so memorable. He says he will always consider Helsop his second home now and will try to visit us often with more of his furs.”
Adele spoke up then, but had to begin several times before she overcame her emotions. “Helsop has been my home for many years. I am a physician now and must go into the world to ply my trade. But I shall never forget any of you and I will also return to visit if I am able.”
Everyone cheered and a few stayed to help the new couple gather up their mound of gifts for transport up to the waiting fishing boat at the lake.
Esme and Electra helped Adele change out of her wedding dress and into her traveling clothes.
Adele ran her hand over the dress, sighing at the rich feel of the material. “I should like to leave the dress behind for future brides,” she said. “It is such a rare treasure and I do not see a need for such a treasure in my new home. I should like to make this my gift to Helsop for all you have done for me.”
“What a sweet thing to do,” Electra said. “And it seems we may indeed soon have a need for such a gift. I have heard rumors that when Egil returns in spring he will bring another unmarried friend along. I will wrap it away and take good care of it.”
Adele nodded. “Good. Will you come up to the lake to see us off?”
Both Esme and Electra agreed and began taking up the bundles of herbs and medicines that Adele had accumulated over her years at the school.

At the lake, the fishing boat was packed and ready. Dag and Gregor were loading the gifts on board while Dagon stood talking to Gerd.
“You should be safe going back in your fishing boat, but when you return next spring bringing our Vagan ship, you will need to take care with Vagan patrols. We will be using it for lumber so if you wish to dismantle it and return it as lumber, that would be fine. It might be safer for you and save us the time it takes to dismantle it.”
“We may decide to do that,” Gerd said. “We could tow it behind on a raft. Are there any trade goods you wish us to bring along?”
“We could use some new fishing nets,” Dagon said.
“Done,” Gerd promised.
“Safe trip to you,” Dagon said.

As the fishing boat left for the River Thebes, all on shore waved their goodbyes and good wishes.
Adele, with her hair down now and flying free in the breeze, blew kisses from the deck.

Chapter 57

Aboard the Sea Dancer

On the voyage from the Holy Land back to Thessalonica, Shalin decided the time had come. She went to her mother’s cabin and knocked lightly before entering.
Serafina looked up from the book she was reading. “Come, lie beside me. I am told we will reach Thessalonica today.”
Shalin lay down beside her mother on the bed. “I intend to tell Soldad the extent of my powers today. I feel he must know before we discuss plans for our wedding.” 
“If he decides against marriage after hearing the extent of your powers, he will still have that knowledge to use as he pleases,” Serafina warned.
“I know, but in all these years when we had only his word to keep secret what he already knew about them, he has not betrayed that trust,” Shalin reasoned. “In any case, I do not think knowing the full extent will dissuade him from marrying me.”
Serafina nodded. “When will you tell him?”
“Now,” Shalin said. “Before we reach Thessalonica.”
“Very well,” Serafina said. “Guard your heart.”
Shalin smiled. She felt sure of Soldad’s love, but knew her mother wished only to save her from the pain of rejection.

She found Soldad in his cabin. “Might I have a word?” she asked.
“Please, come in,” Soldad said. “With good winds we should reach port today.”
“I have some secrets I feel I must share with you before you commit to a marriage.”
“This sounds quite serious,” Soldad said, smiling. “Have you received a better offer?”
Shalin returned his smile as she shook her head. “No possibility of that.”
Soldad pointed to the seat before his desk. “I can see this is a matter of importance to you. I am listening.”
“You know I have some unique powers,” Shalin began as she took her seat.
Soldad nodded but remained mute.
“I have recently learned that these powers are not unique to Esme and me. They extend back into my lineage. My maternal grandfather may have possessed some or all of my powers.”
Shalin could see that she had Soldad’s complete attention now. “There is a chance that one or more of our own children might be born with similar powers to use for good or evil.”
“I see,” Soldad said.
Shalin knew that he was now fully engaged in hearing what she had to say. His mind was full of questions, but he kept to his promise to listen.
“There is another person now in my lineage who has the same powers.”
“One of Electra’s sons?” Soldad guessed.
Shalin shook her head, not wanting to name Delphi just yet. “I felt I should tell you the extent of these powers, so that you would know everything before you make such a lasting commitment as marriage must be.”
Soldad offered only a brief nod – his attention keen and centered.
“I can call winds into a sail. You may have guessed that.”
“I suspected it,” he admitted.
“I can read minds.”
Soldad immediately attempted to shield his thoughts, but she could see the fear creep in.
“I can immobilize a man and have done so in Constantinople, but only to save his life.”
Soldad’s eyes widened – in wonder? In fear?
“I know you have seen me deflect objects and the stones of those ruffians in Bayrut. I can loosen chains or bonds if they are not too strong. But I can be overcome. If attacked from many directions, I could be subdued or killed. I can fall and break an arm as others do.”
“What am I thinking now?” Soldad asked in a neutral voice that gave away nothing.
“That you love me with or without powers and would be proud to have children with my abilities,” Shalin said.
Soldad smiled and clapped his hands together. “You speak true. I could not be happier, though I fear some of my thoughts might prove to be embarrassing.”
Shalin smiled. “I could not love you more than I do at this moment. I will make a promise to you. I will always share my own thoughts with you, embarrassing or not, so that we will be on equal footing. Would you welcome that?”
“I would,” Soldad said. “I want to know everything about you and I like the idea that you will know everything about me as well.”
“Then I shall tell you this secret now. My brother Avor had a child. You have met her. Her name is Delphi. She is not just Electra’s adopted foundling. She is Electra’s niece whom she is raising as her own daughter because Avor and Cogatin feared that if the Barburee soldiers found out she had such powers, they would surely kill her as an evil spirit or a sorceress.”
“That could never happen in Thessalonica,” Soldad said. “As Christians we believe in angels and I am still not sure that you might not be one. We revere such powers and believe that they are miracles ordained by God.”
“If only it were so,” Shalin said.
“Why might it not be?” Soldad asked.
“Because these powers go back in my lineage, perhaps for many generations when there were only sorcerers, no Christians.”
“God gives gifts as he sees fit. These gifts often have no explanation other than the fact that the mind of God is unknowable.”
“Yes, I can see your God is powerful enough and vast enough to cover all things known and unknown, but would he not confer his gifts on those who are his followers?”
“Not necessarily,” Soldad said. “For thousands of years the people of Israel were his chosen people and the Messiah Yeshua was sent to them to fulfill God’s promises. But they rejected him and killed him instead, refusing to believe he, in his humility, was the promised one.
Soldad smiled and leaned closer. “Then God did an unexpected thing. He chose Saul, a hater and pursuer of those Jews who did believe Yeshua to be the Messiah. God blinded Saul while he was on his way to Damascus to find and imprison those believers who were living in foreign lands. God spoke to Saul and Saul finally believed. Then God set Saul on his new path – taking God’s message of grace to the Gentiles. Saul became Paul, his sight restored, and he performed many miracles through the power God had granted him. Why did God choose Paul – the one who was trying to stamp out Yeshua’s believers? Only God knows why.”
“Yes, your God often seems to do things unexpected and unreasonable on the surface.”
“Nicely said.” Soldad smiled. “Did you really think all these revelations might dissuade me from marrying you?”
Shalin returned his smile. “No, though I thought it important that you know it all before we exchanged vows.”
“I agree, and now I am even more anxious to start a family. That such gifts might be part of a lineage! Am I not the most fortunate of men?”
“Perhaps it is bad luck to say such things aloud,” Shalin said.
“Perhaps, but just this once, I will chance it. I am the most fortunate of men.”
“Then I am surely the most fortunate of women,” Shalin said as Soldad came around his desk to hold her close.

Chapter 58

Port of Thessalonica

As they approached the port of Thessalonica, the Sea Dancer flew her flags and banners high on the masts – a black double-headed eagle against a yellow background for Byzantium, and for Thessalonica, a yellow cross on a red background.
Thessalonica from the sea appeared a beautiful city with miles of sandy beaches lining the shore and impressive Roman walls that had stood the test of time further up the green hillside. Towers and arches, some with extravagant reliefs and carvings, jutted above the walls at intervals.
People walked along the beaches where nets were spread out to dry and sea gulls swooped down looking for bits of fish entangled in the nets. The marketplace was a human anthill, undulating with activity. Shalin longed to be a part of it all.
“The city seems so peaceful now,” Shalin remarked to her mother, standing beside her at the ship’s rail. “It is hard to believe it was only a year ago that it was under attack.”
“Perhaps it will remain so in your lifetime,” Serafina said.
“Will you visit?” Shalin asked.
“Of course,” Serafina said.
“It is so different from Henge. So much more complicated and diverse.”
“Many cultures are represented here in addition to the many layers of history,” Serafina said.
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “Now that the mystery of my ring is solved, I feel adrift. I do not seem to have a purpose anymore. Why should I spend my time delving through those layers of history now?”
“Why, indeed?”
Shalin smiled. “I see you do not plan to help me in finding a new direction.”
“I believe your life will soon be full of matters not of your choosing,” Serafina said.
“In other words, I will be mainly a help mate in my husband’s affairs?”
“Yes,” Serafina said.
“I suppose that and a family will be enough,” Shalin said. “And yet you still carried on your experiments with explosives. It is your work that has made Henge prosper.”
“Yes. I have always enjoyed pursuing knowledge for its own sake. I am curious by nature,” Serafina said.
“I have become more curious about various religions,” Shalin said. “I should like to research these old Jewish writings that Soldad speaks of. The ones that prophesied Yeshua’s coming.”
“This would certainly be the place to do it,” Serafina said.
“Yes, there must be teachers of all faiths here,” Shalin agreed. “And so many faiths seem to find their roots in Jerusalem.”
“It was a place of great power,” Serafina said. “I have never before felt such strength emanating from the earth.”
“Perhaps it is a form of magnetism – like the black iron crystals,” Shalin suggested.
“Perhaps,” Serafina said.

They could see Soldad’s family now, waiting at the docks to welcome them home.
Soldad joined Shalin and Serafina at the rail to wave to his family. “They have likely been watching for the familiar banners we fly. We always look out for our returning  flags when one or more of us take to the seas.” Turning to Serafina, he said, “My family will want to set a date for the wedding before we leave for Henge.”
Serafina nodded. “We may be leaving for Manoa soon after we arrive back in Henge. There is a meeting of our new allies scheduled there for the end of harvest.”
Soldad seemed disappointed. “And after that will come the winter ice,” he said sadly.
“Early spring would seem the likely choice,” Serafina said.
Soldad nodded. “I understand, though the waiting will be hard.”
“Yes, it will be,” Shalin agreed. “Perhaps you could stay the winter in Henge? Perhaps you could even accompany us to Manoa? It is a lovely kingdom.”
“I doubt my father will agree to that, but I will ask,” Soldad offered.

They pulled alongside the dock and Soldad’s family rushed aboard to welcome them. Even Tome had taken time from his artwork and prayers to join them.
“You have been gone so long,” Valeria complained, hugging her son. “We had begun to worry.”
“We have made quite the circuit,” Soldad said. “We bring you greetings from the Bishop in Bethleem who hopes to visit us here in Thessalonica.”
“You have been to Bethleem?” Tome said. “I should have gone with you.”
“We were given a private tour of the Church of the Nativity,” Soldad said. “I may have mentioned I was now Governor of Thessalonica.”
Soldad’s father laughed. “You must tell us everything. Did you see my old friend Azar in Hindustan?”
“We did, and he sends his greetings. He is worried you will no longer sail there to visit him.”
“He may be right. I find my time more given every day to affairs of state,” Felix said. “But today we must not be concerned with that. Today we shall celebrate your safe return.”
Soldad told his crew they were free to go once the ship had been secured.
Shalin and Serafina found themselves walking beside Valeria and Helena as they went through the crumbling rubble seawall on their way to the palace.
“I have always wanted to make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land,” Helena said. “Was it wonderful?”
“It was,” Shalin said. “We saw many pilgrims there. In fact, we traveled with a band of monks who had begun their pilgrimage many months before in the city of Venice.”
Helena clasped her hands to her heart. “I want to hear everything about your travels,” she said.
Serafina spoke up. “Unfortunately, our time here is short. We have been gone too long from Henge. We must leave soon.”
“But surely a few days will not matter,” Valeria said.
“Already we are late in the season to be traveling,” Serafina argued.
“Could you not winter here with us in Thessalonica?” Valeria asked.
“No, we have a commitment in Manoa at the end of harvest.”
“But –“
Shalin interrupted. “We thought we might name a date in early spring for the wedding.”
“Early spring,” Valeria said. “Yes, we could surely manage that. Many will want to attend – perhaps the emperor himself.”
Shalin was suddenly aware of her new family’s importance in this empire. “Surely not the emperor,” she gasped.
Valeria shrugged. “Our emperor is very grateful for Henge’s help in ending the siege.”

When the group reached the palace, Felix ordered a servant to show Queen Serafina and Princess Shalin to their rooms while he accompanied Soldad to his office.
“Are we in agreement with Henge on this union?” he asked.
“Yes,” Soldad said. “Queen Serafina has proposed a wedding date in early spring. I should have liked it to be sooner, but they have a commitment to keep in Manoa at harvest’s end. They must leave quickly to make this possible.”
“What commitment? Do you know?” Felix asked.
“It is some new western alliance they have joined with Helsop, Fernland, Sandovia and Manoa,” Soldad said. “I do not know the details.”
His father’s forehead creased in worry. “Do you think this new alliance might endanger our supply of weapons from Henge and Fernland?”
“I do not know,” Soldad said. “I have been invited to go along with them to the meeting in Manoa and to winter in Henge on our return,” Soldad said. “I told them you would likely not agree to that, as you may need my assistance here in Thessalonica.”
Felix nodded slowly. “I do need your help here, but this new alliance worries me. We need Henge’s weapons now more than ever. I think perhaps it is more important that you go with them to Manoa to protect Byzantium’s interests.”
Soldad smiled. “Of course I shall do as you order.”

The next morning, the Sea Dancer left Thessalonica bound for Henge.
“I have my father’s permission to accompany you to Manoa and stay to winter in Henge,” he told Shalin.
Shalin threw her arms around Soldad’s shoulders. “How did you manage it?” she asked.
She saw the reason at once in Soldad’s mind. “Ah, the weapons, of course.”
“I hoped you would be able to read my mind. I hesitate to speak the words aloud,” Soldad said, “as they seem so self-serving.”
“No concern,” Shalin said. “I am happy all the same, whatever the reason. We shall spend the winter together. That is all that matters.”






