Royal Twins Shalin & Esme Book 5 Greek Fire

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2021 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Stephen Macias

Smashwords edition 2021

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske


This book is dedicated to Maia who drew the picture of ‘Esme drawing elephants’

Greek Fire

Chapter 1 

Kingdom of Henge

The melted snows of a severe winter had engulfed Henge in muddy pools of stagnant meltwater. Early blooming vines and trees burst forth in purest whites and vivid pinks.
Shalin hugged her blanket tightly around her shoulders and looked out her castle window down to the newly arrived ships in Henge’s harbor.
She did not see her friend Soldad’s ship, the Sea Dancer, among them. She sighed and murmured the word, “patience” as she turned to splash water on her sleep-crusted eyes. A movement in the bay below caught in her peripheral vision.
A new ship was rounding the spit that framed Henge’s harbor. She watched as it came about and headed into the harbor. She held her breath, trying to read the name emblazoned on the side. The shape and size were right. The color and set of the sails looked familiar.
Yes, she decided, it was Soldad’s ship, finally, just as he had promised. She threw on her clothes and rushed from her room.
Racing down the stairs, Shalin spied her Uncle Phinn and his son Drake already at the breakfast table.



Phinn smiled at his niece. “You must be hungry,” he noted as she ran past.
“The Sea Dancer is coming into port,” she sang out.
“Soldad’s ship?” Phinn managed to ask before she reached the door to the courtyard.
“Yes,” Shalin shouted as she closed the door behind her.

She ran down the hill to the harbor, passing Phinn’s theater on the way. She could see activity in the Gypsy Camp that sat next to the harbor. Off to her right, the soldiers were beginning to stir around the Army barracks.
The Sea Dancer had her sails down as the ship drifted closer to the dock. She saw a man up in the crow’s nest and wondered if it was Soldad.
The man in the crow’s nest waved. It was Soldad. He had seen her. Shalin slowed her pace. Her twin sister Esme would be embarrassed by Shalin’s effusive welcome – she would find it unbecoming for a princess. Shalin did not really care what Esme would think, but did not want to embarrass Soldad by being too familiar.
She caught her breath and walked demurely to the dock, wondering at the state of her hair, which she had not bothered to brush.
Soldad swung down from the crow’s nest while his crew saw to the ropes and fenders. Within minutes the ship was securely docked and Soldad was standing before her.
“May I give you a hug?” he asked with his teeth showing in a delighted smile.
“You may,” Shalin said, giggling.
When Soldad released her from his enthusiastic hug, Shalin searched for a proper greeting.
“You have come, just as you promised you would.”
“And you have come to welcome me just as I hoped,” Soldad said. “Your family is well? You have come through the winter months unscathed?”
“Yes, we are all fine. Esme is in Helsop at the school of medicine. Mother has been doing dangerous experiments these last few months trying to re-create Greek fire, and Father has grown hoarse with trying to keep her from injury.”
Soldad laughed. “And has your mother been successful in her efforts?”
“I do not believe so. She still seems anxious to hunt for clues to the makeup of the ancient mixture at the Imperial Library in Constantinople.”
Soldad smiled. “And what of your own your needs? Do you still hunger to explore the ancient cities around the Great Sea for hidden knowledge?”
“More than ever,” Shalin admitted. “I have thought of little else this past winter. I believe I have perfected my Greek language skills.”
Soldad switched to Greek as he asked, “Will you allow me to be your guide around the ruins that speak to Constantinople’s past?”
“Most assuredly,” Shalin answered in Greek. “If we hurry we can still be in time for breakfast at the castle. Are you hungry?”
“Always,” Soldad said. He turned to face his ship and shouted out orders to his first mate.
Shalin was pleased to find she could understand his Greek words easily. “Should we send some breakfast to your crew members?” she asked.
Soldad laughed. “No, they are anxious to go ashore after so many weeks at sea. The mate will give them their wages and they will be off to the concession stands on the dock.”

As they walked up the hill to the castle, Soldad spoke of a late storm that had swept over them off the coast of Greece.
“Do you think it is safe now to leave for Constantinople?” Shalin asked. “I know Mother is anxious to go, but we could wait a while if need be.”
“I am at your service. Storms are unpredictable and may come even in summer with little warning.”
They reached the door of the castle and Shalin paused. “Ready to face my unpredictable family?”
Soldad smiled. “I look forward to it.”
As the door swung open, many faces turned in their direction.
Shalin’s parents and many from Phinn’s acting troupe stared at the new arrival from their seats at the dining table.
King Blackwell stood up and offered his hand to Soldad de Medich.
“Phinn tells us you have just arrived. Welcome to Henge. Will you join us for breakfast?”
“I would be honored,” Soldad said, casting a smile over the crowded table.
Phinn stood and shook hands as well, as everyone shifted to make room. Two more chairs were pulled from the side as Soldad and Shalin joined the group.
Cook brought plates and another platter of bacon for the latecomers as platters of eggs and fruit were passed around.
“How was your voyage here?” King Blackwell asked.
Soldad recounted their experience with the storm that necessitated a stop for a new mainsail in Greece and another near encounter with a pirate ship close to the Straits of Gibraltar. “Luckily the wind favored our ship and the pirates did not wish to follow us through the Strait and out to the ocean,” he finished up.
“I am anxious to begin my research at the Imperial Library,” Serafina said. “I have had disappointing results with my own experimentation with explosives.”
“I would not call preserving your own body intact, disappointing,” King Blackwell huffed.
Serafina ignored her husband’s comment. “I need only send word to Esme in Helsop to return at once and we will be able to depart for Constantinople.”
“Esme may not wish to journey to Constantinople,” Shalin warned.
“She will have no choice in the matter,” King Blackwell said, unexpectedly. “It is my wish that she go.”

Chapter 2

Kingdom of Henge

King Blackwell sat across from his wife Queen Serafina in his castle office. His expression was grim.
“Shalin was correct, of course,” Serafina said, looking her husband in the eyes. “Esme will not wish to travel to Constantinople.”
King Blackwell let out a deep breath. “The twins will be fifteen this year. It is time that they begin thinking about a marriage befitting their station in life. I do not approve of the young men they seem to favor.”
“You mean this young trader Soldad de Medich?” Serafina asked.
King Blackwell nodded. “Yes, I believe Shalin treats him as an equal which is entirely inappropriate. But I am more concerned with Esme who I am told spends time alone in the forest with this nephew of Dagon.”
“Dag.” Serafina supplied the name.
“Whatever,” King Blackwell said. “An apprentice scout is not a suitable companion for a princess. One would think Dagon would have the sense to put a stop to such fraternizing.”
“That is doubtful since he himself saw fit to take a princess hostage and then marry her.”
“I do not need reminding of that sorry affair,” King Blackwell stated. He drummed his fingers on the top of the wooden desk that sat between them. “I believe if Esme spends some time in the court of a royal family she will begin to see where her duty lies.”
“Constantinople’s royal family you mean,” Serafina prompted.
“Yes, a family that has something to offer our own kingdom of Henge.”
“And what would that be?” Serafina asked.
“Prestige, connections, wealth, a royal lineage…” King Blackwell shrugged. “Surely you need not even ask.”
Serafina pursed her lips. “I believe just now we have more to offer Constantinople in the form of the newest weapons to be had. The emperor wasted no time in dispatching Soldad to come to us. He knows what we have to offer and it is exactly what he needs. We have no need of the emperor’s royal lineage.”
“Perhaps not, but I would prefer royal blood run through the veins of my future grandchildren on both sides of the family. And close ties with the family of one of the most powerful empires in the world would seem a beneficial circumstance.”
“So you will order Esme to go along on this voyage?” Serafina asked.
“If I must,” Blackwell said. “Perhaps you could assist in the wording of the message I send to Helsop.”
“You might try making it forceful but vague,” Serafina offered. “Perhaps something like, “Esme, please return to Henge at once. Your father has need of you.”
“She will think I have taken ill,” Blackwell protested.
“Yes, she likely will think that,” Serafina said. “That is why it should bring her here without delay.”
King Blackwell frowned as he considered such a ploy and was about to speak when a knock at the door interrupted him.
“Enter and state your business,” Blackwell called out. 
Soldad de Medich opened the door and walked in. He noticed the serious expressions on the king and queen’s faces. “Forgive me, I am interrupting. I will return later when Your Majesty has the time to speak with me.”
“Come in,” Serafina said. “I believe we are finished here.” She stood.
“I am not sure we are finished,” King Blackwell argued.
“I will send an appropriate message to Esme,” Serafina said with a smile as she stepped around Soldad and left the room.

King Blackwell glared at Soldad but gestured to him to take the chair vacated by Queen Serafina.
“You have business matters to discuss?” Blackwell asked with a hint of impatience.
Soldad smiled. “I do. I have orders from my emperor who sends you good tidings.”
Blackwell grunted. “Good tidings?”
“Yes, he was very impressed with your gift of iron ore. He would, of course, like to purchase more and has entrusted me to be his representative in that regard. I also took the liberty of describing the weapons you have available for sale and he is most interested in purchasing all your available stock. Again he has entrusted me to negotiate such a sale on his behalf.”
Blackwell studied the young man for a moment before replying. “We might perhaps negotiate a price for a cargo of iron ore, but as my family will be traveling with you to Constantinople on this voyage, a cargo of weapons would not be a possibility.”
“Certainly, I quite understand. We might perhaps plan for that at a future date?” Soldad asked.
“You may wish to visit Fernland on your way to Constantinople. We in Henge share a new ship built specifically to transport weapons safely. Just now King Geoffrey will be shipping out a cargo of explosives and Henge will take the next turn.”
“And Fernland’s shipment will include the same weapons I saw demonstrated last year here in Henge?”
“Yes, the very same,” Blackwell assured him.
“Then, with your permission, I will indeed make such a stop in Fernland. I know your wife, Her Royal Highness, is anxious to arrive at the Imperial Library so we will try to conclude our business quickly in Fernland.”
Blackwell nodded as he stared at the young trader. “I understand your family has offered its hospitality to my family while they are visiting in Constantinople.”
Soldad nodded. “My parents are most eager to see to all your family’s needs while in our city.”
“They are most generous,” Blackwell said, “but I wonder if it might be more appropriate for my family to stay at the emperor’s residence while they are in Constantinople, seeing as how they are visiting royalty.”
Soldad seemed unfazed by the request. “Most assuredly,” he replied. “Perhaps they might stay with my family for a day or two while I make the arrangements with our emperor. I am sure he will agree that staying at the palace is, as you say, more appropriate.”
King Blackwell could find no fault in Soldad’s responses and decided to say nothing about the appropriateness of his daughter’s friendship with the young man. “Very well then. You may tell Sergeant Smythe that you have my permission to purchase a cargo of our iron ore at the going rate.”
Soldad understood that his business was concluded and stood, making a respectful bow before leaving the office.
As he closed the door behind him, he saw Shalin waiting outside the door to her own room.
“I saw you going to visit my father,” she said. “I hope your business is concluded and I might have you to myself for a time. I have so many questions to ask you about Constantinople.”
Soldad smiled. “I am at your service.”

Chapter 3

Village of Helsop

The village of Helsop, which sprawled near the foot of Ice Mountain, came alive when the ice began to break and heave on Cold Lake.
Headman Dagon oversaw the sliding of Helsop’s two fishing vessels into the lake for their first fishing expedition of spring. His two sons, Gregor and Soren, had come along with the fishermen as had his nephew Dag and Dag’s mentor, Maki the Scout.
After two disappointing casts of their nets, with only a few small fish in the hold, they rowed further out into the huge lake.
“Let us go into untested grounds,” Dagon said. “Perhaps we have begun too soon in our usual spots.”
After a few hours’ travel, far from the shores of their village, they noted one of the white bears that patrolled the ice, hunting for lake seals.
“Where the bears hunt for seals, there are fish,” Maki the Scout noted. “This might be a good spot to make a cast.”
As the men prepared the large nets for another cast upon the waters, a movement caught Dagon’s eye. It was a ship off in the distance. A ship that brought a chill not caused by the floating bits of ice around them.
He beckoned his nephew Dag closer. “Use your young eyes, Dag, and tell me, does yon ship curve up at both bow and stern?”
Dag needed only a second to verify Dagon’s fears. “It does. It appears to be a Vagan vessel.”
Maki the Scout joined them to look in the same direction. “A sight none wants to see,” he agreed. “Should we challenge them?”
“We have not the right,” Dagon replied. “We are far from our own fishing grounds and they could be fishermen themselves in a purchased craft.”
Maki stared at Dagon with a skeptical expression. “But you do not believe that is the case, do you?”
“No,” Dagon admitted. “It has been many years since they last tried to raid Helsop. They have had time to build new ships and grow strong in number. It is more likely a scouting ship come to judge our own vulnerabilities.”
“We have only nets aboard for weapons,” Maki noted.
“I know. We are not in a position to attack. Nor are they advancing on us. They are keeping to the north shore.”
“Shall we try the nets here?” one of the fishermen asked, joining their small group.
“Yes,” Dagon said. “We may as well.”
As the fisherman walked away, Dagon said to Maki, “I think the Vagans are only observing as yet.”

The new cast of the nets proved successful and the fishing boats returned to shore with full holds and much rejoicing in the village. Their own burgeoning population and the addition of many traders from foreign lands had taken a toll on the reserves of fish taken before the freeze. All those they had dried on racks and sealed in barrels of salt last autumn were gone. It had been a long winter. 
Dagon conferred briefly with his second-in-command, Deimos, at militia headquarters before returning to the lake to find Maki the Scout. Maki and Dag were still flinging fish from the holds to those waiting on shore. 
Maki smiled. “I suspected I would see you again ‘ere long.”
Dagon nodded. “We have our small racing boat still. Perhaps you and Dag could use that to set up patrols on the lake. From now on we will carry weapons aboard the fishing craft when we venture out.” He paused and looked from Maki to his nephew Dag.
“We will find out how close the Vagans are and how many in number,” Maki offered before Dagon had a chance to ask.
“It could prove a dangerous mission,” Dagon cautioned.
“Only if we are careless,” Maki said, slapping Dag lightly on the shoulder.
Dag smiled. “And, of course, we are never careless.”
Dagon nodded. “Helsop is grateful,” he said.
“We will leave tomorrow. We may be gone for some time,” Maki told Dag, “so say your goodbyes but tell no one our true mission. We will call it a spring training mission.”
Dag wiped his slimy hands on his pants and jumped down from the ship into the shallow water. “Shall we leave at dawn on the morrow?”
Maki nodded. “Dawn it is.”

Dagon found his wife Electra at the school of medicine. She was speaking to Esme and they both seemed upset.  “Has something happened?” Dagon asked.
Electra swept a loose lock of hair from her forehead with the back of her wrist. “Esme has received a summons from Henge. She is to return home at once.”
“Was a reason given?” Dagon asked.
“No,” Esme said angrily. “Of course not. Had my father given the reason I would not have gone.”
Dagon was confused. “And why is that?”
“I suspect they want me to go to Constantinople now that ships are running again. They wish to parade Shalin and me before the emperor of Constantinople in hopes of attracting a royal husband for one or both of us.”
“Your parents want you to marry the emperor of Constantinople?” Dagon asked, still confused.
Esme gave an exasperated sigh. “I suspect one of the sons or nephews or cousins would do. As long as royal blood runs in his veins.”
“Oh,” Dagon said, at a loss for what more to say.
“We do not know this for a certainty,” Electra said in a conciliatory manner. “It could be someone is ill, in which case I should perhaps go as well.”
Dagon had a fleeting thought – it would give him comfort to know his wife and niece were safe in Henge should the Vagans attack. Perhaps he should send his sons along as well. “And is this what you have decided? he asked. “To go to Henge?”
“What choice do I have?” Esme said, her face rosy with unspent anger. “But you need not go,” she added, turning to speak to Electra in a calmer manner.
Electra put her hand on her husband’s arm. “I feel I should take this opportunity to go, not only to check on the health of Henge’s royal family, but to go on to Fernland and check on my mother’s mental state.”
“That business of Avor’s marriage, you mean,” Dagon said. He knew Electra’s brother Avor had seen fit to marry a Barburee queen and Avor’s father, King Geoffrey of Fernland had, in turn, banished his own son, the heir apparent to Fernland’s throne, from Fernland.
“Yes,” Electra said. “I promised mother I would help her find a way to see Prince Avor again, even against father’s wishes. I was afraid if I did not make such a promise, she would do something rash and dangerous.” Electra looked up at her husband with pleading eyes, no doubt expecting he would forbid any request that might involve a voyage to Avor’s new home in Hormu.
Instead her expression turned to shock as Dagon said, “Perhaps you could take Gregor and Soren along as well.”

Chapter 4

Village of Helsop

Electra sat at the dining table with Esme after Dagon left. Her husband had made no more comments regarding her plans to visit her mother in Fernland, even though he knew she planned to arrange a way to bring her mother and brother together without King Geoffrey’s knowledge.
“Did Dagon’s reaction seem strange to you?” Electra asked Esme.
“Yes,” Esme said, with no embellishment.
Electra tilted her head as she stared at her cousin. “You read something in his mind!”
Esme shrugged. “It is impolite to read people’s thoughts. You have said as much yourself.”
Electra narrowed her eyes. “But you seldom take other people’s advice. What did you see in his mind?”
Esme stood and headed for the school’ front door. “I saw that he knows nothing he says will dissuade you from keeping a promise.”
“Where are you going?” Electra asked.
“I thought I would go to tell Dag goodbye and ask if he will care for my parakeets while I am gone,” Esme said
“You are going then, to Henge?”
“I must go. The king has commanded it.” Esme smiled. “And, as you say, there is a chance someone in the family may need medical attention.”
“Then I am going as well.” Electra stood. “I must find Isa and ask her to take over my duties here at the school while I am gone.”

As Esme and Electra walked in different directions, Esme to the mess tent and Electra to Isa’s house, Esme pondered the information she had gleaned from Dagon’s thoughts. He wants his wife and sons to be somewhere far away in case the Vagans attack. But why would he think the Vagans might be planning an attack? She needed to find Dag right away and ask him. Or read his thoughts if he refused to answer her question.
She did not find Dag at the mess tent as she had hoped. Perhaps he was back at the fishing boat helping to preserve today’s catch. She decided to go to the stables to borrow a horse to ride to Cold Lake.

Esme found Dag at the stables, loading saddle bags full of supplies. “Are you going to on a journey? she asked.
Dag jerked his head up in surprise. “I did not hear you come in.”
“Not a thing one wants to hear from a fully-fledged militia scout,” Esme teased.
Dag frowned. “Maki and I are leaving soon on a… training mission.”
Esme smiled. It was so easy to read Dag’s mind. “You are going to look for Vagans,” she informed him.
“Shush,” Dagon warned, looking around to make sure no one else was listening. “It is a secret mission.”
“What has brought this on?” Esme asked.
Dag moved closer and whispered, “We saw a Vagan ship this morning while on the fishing boat. It was off in the distance but we believe they may be here to determine our strength in hopes of raiding our village.”
“If they are here as you suppose, this could be a dangerous mission,” Esme whispered back.
“Of course it could. That is why it is supposed to remain a secret,” Dag hissed. “And you should not be delving into people’s minds, revealing secrets that are none of your business.”
Esme had the grace to appear chastened for a moment. “I am leaving for Henge early in the morning. Father has ordered me home.”
Dag stopped loading his bag and gave Esme his full attention. “Why?”
“He did not say, but I have a suspicion,” Esme said.
“And what is your suspicion?” Dag asked.
Esme looked away from Dag, out the door of the stable as she spoke. She did not want to see the effect her news would have on him. “I believe he wants to send me to Constantinople to find a husband from among the members of the emperor’s royal family.”
Dagon said nothing for a moment then took hold of her shoulders and gently turned her body to face him. “And what do you think of that plan?” he asked.
Esme could feel her face flushing with anger and tears forming at the edges of her eyes. “How do you suppose I feel? Like pawn in a game of chess. Expendable.”
Dag brushed away a tear that had slid down from her eye. “Could you not refuse to go?”
“He is both my father and my king.” She shrugged, unable to say more for fear of dissolving in tears. Dag hugged her to him and patted her back. “I am sure your father loves you too much to force you into an unwanted marriage.”
Esme leaned her head against Dag’s shoulder and decided he might be right. “I could tell him they were all insane or diseased.”
Dag stepped back and smiled. “Of course you could and they may in fact all be.”
Esme laughed as her tears continued to fall. “I could be gone a long time.”
“As could Maki and I,” Dag said.
“You will return unharmed.” Esme’s statement sounded more like a demand than a hope for a promise.
“We both shall,” Dag assured her. “And we will both have stories to tell.”
“Who will take care of my parakeets?” Esme asked.
“Electra?” Dag ventured.
Esme shook her head. “Electra is coming with me. She may go on to Hormu with her mother. She has promised her mother she will find a way for her to meet with Avor.”
Dag appeared worried. “Does Dagon know?”
Esme wiped her eyes and nodded. “He is in favor of the plan. He wants her and their sons far away in case the Vagans do attack.”
“He told you that?” Dag asked.
“No, of course not. I read his mind.”
“You really must stop doing that,” Dag said, frowning. “Did you tell Electra what you saw in his mind?”
“No, I did not. She would never leave if she thought Dagon might be in danger.”
“Yes, it is good you did not tell her,” Dag agreed. “Not that we would not prevail against the Vagans,” Dag assured her. “We have superior weapons and we are now forewarned.”
“Of course,” Esme said. “But you will have a care on this training mission,” she added.
Dagon smiled. “And you will have a care amongst the emperor’s mad and pestilence-ridden relatives.”
Esme could think of no more to say and could see that Dag was in a hurry to return to his preparations. As she made to leave, Dag put his hand on her cheek and leaned down to kiss her.
“Make sure you return,” he said. “I should not like to have to go all the way to Constantinople to retrieve you.”
Esme smiled and fairly floated out of the stable on her way to the castle to pack for her trip and find someone to care for her birds in her absence.

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Henge

Esme, Electra and her two sons, Gregor and Soren, now twelve and ten years old, rode behind Tandor over the last pass between Helsop and Henge.
The group drew up their horses to take in the view below – Henge spread out on the hillside ending at the edge of the sea. Henge’s castle was halfway down the hillside. Off to the left at the top of the hill was the burial mound where old King Blackwell had been interred last autumn. Down close to the harbor Esme could see the colorful circle of painted Gypsy wagons that comprised the Gypsy Camp.
And there, just off shore, as Esme had suspected, bobbed the Sea Dancer, come to transport the twins and their mother to Constantinople.
Esme urged her horse forward to stand beside Electra’s horse. “There in the harbor,” she said pointing, “that is Soldad’s ship, the Sea Dancer.”
Electra nodded. “Yes, I see it. You are likely correct then, you have been summoned not to treat an ill family member, but to accompany Soldad de Medich to Constantinople.”
“It is hardly a surprise,” Esme said with a dour expression.
“We shall proceed as planned then?” Electra asked, smiling. “You will not turn back to Helsop?”
“That was never an option,” Esme murmured.

As the group followed the path downhill, wafts of salt-scented breeze swept over them. The clangs of pick axes from miners working the open pits of iron ore rang out. They passed wagons full of ore pulled by mules and horses struggling uphill with the heavy rocks on their way to Helsop where the rich ore would be turned into swords and metal canisters thick enough to hold explosive powder but thin enough to burst open when a lighted wick touched the mixture inside.
Closer to the castle, the group traveled alongside the army barracks and practice fields of Henge’s large army where soldiers practiced their battle skills on a daily basis.
That their progress had not gone unnoticed by guards, was evidenced by Serafina’s presence at the gate to the castle courtyard.
“Welcome all,” Serafina called out swinging the gate open. “Electra, I am pleased you were able to come as well. And you have brought your sons.”
A groom stepped up to take their horses as the group dismounted outside the gate. Tandor took the reins of three horses leaving the other two in the groom’s charge and started off for the army barracks – his customary housing on his many trips to Henge as guide and protector of Electra.
After smiles and hugs for all, Serafina led her guests into the castle.
Electra noted her sons admiring a metal suit of armor halfway up the stairs. “I think I will take my boys up to our usual rooms to freshen up. They have managed to bring half the dirt of the trail with them.”

As Electra climbed the stairs with her sons following, Serafina put her hand on Esme’s shoulder. “I hope you are hungry as Cook has made all your favorite dishes – lamb stew, mashed potatoes and berry pie.”
Esme’s mouth began to water. The usual winter fare in Helsop consisted of dried fish and forest greens.
“No one is ill here, then?” Esme asked with a bland expression. “Your summons was a bit vague.”
Her mother’s expression seemed to admonish her for the redundant query. “I am sure you must have noticed the arrival of the Sea Dancer.”
Esme chose to stick with her feigned ignorance. “I suppose he has come for more iron ore, no?”
Serafina appeared unwilling to play her daughter’s coy game. “We will be leaving with Soldad soon to begin research at Constantinople’s Imperial Library. Your father has ordered that you go as well. We will be staying at the emperor’s residence in keeping with our royal status. And we will conduct ourselves as such. Beyond that, you may go your way. I hope I have made myself clear.”
“Crystal-clear,” Esme said. “You may as well have laid it out in your message. I would have followed orders from my king.”
Serafina smiled. “I am pleased to hear it. Now, if your pique is spent, shall we have the others down for lunch?”
Esme shrugged, deciding her pique was spent, just as her mother had said, and the smell of lamb stew from the kitchen was making her faint with hunger. “I will fetch Shalin. Is she in her room?”
Serafina frowned. “Never. Since Soldad’s arrival I have scarcely seen her. I believe she may have mentioned wanting to show him the backstage wiring of Phinn’s theater.”
“I will find them,” Esme said, rushing for the castle door. “Do not allow anyone to start on the stew before I return.”

Shalin and Soldad stood behind the black curtain of Phinn’s theater amid a maze of pulleys, ropes and black wires.
“With all these counterbalances and pulleys, Lars and Smiles are able to make fairies fly and villains disappear,” she concluded.
“Truly amazing,” Soldad remarked. “The man is a genius.”
“He is,” Shalin agreed. “I have always thought so. But he remains quite humble through all of his accomplishments.”
“Do you think I might tempt him and his acting troupe to come along with us to Constantinople to perform for the emperor?” Soldad asked.
“I am sure he would be honored. But just now he is worried about fulfilling a promise he made to Queen Delphinia of Fernland. She gave him his start as an entertainer, as I told you. At a time when he did not know he was the illegitimate son of old King Blackwell, my Aunt Delphinia built him a theater on the banks of Kings Lake in Fernland and hired him to entertain whenever an occasion arose, which was often since she loves to celebrate.”
Soldad smiled. “You are quite fond of your Aunt Delphinia.”
“I am. She bought dolls for Esme and me when we were very young, and taught us how to sew clothes for them.”
Soldad nodded. “Are you at liberty to tell me the promise Phinn made to your aunt that now holds his concern?”
Shalin frowned. “Likely not, but I will tell you anyway since I know you will keep the secret.”
Soldad placed his hand over his heart. “I am humbled to have earned such esteem in your eyes.”
Shalin giggled before regaining her composure. She moved closer to speak quietly.
“As you know, her son Avor married a Barburee queen and he has become regent to her son over all of Hormu. As a result Avor’s father, my Uncle King Geoffrey, chose to disinherit him. He has forbidden any contact with his own son. Delphinia cannot live with such a decree and Phinn has promised to carry her aboard his ship if Electra can devise a plan to bring mother and son together for a visit.”
“Phinn has a noble heart,” Soldad declared.
At that moment, the black curtain parted and Esme stood smiling at the two secret-sharers.
“You must come at once. There is lamb stew to be had.”
Shalin jumped over a coil of rope to hug her sister.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

Lunch at Henge’s castle was a noisy affair. Electra’s two sons, Gregor and Soren, had sought out their nine-year-old friend, Drake, son of Phinn the Ambassador. The three boys sat huddled together at the far end of the long table, erupting in private hoots of laughter from time to time.
Electra chose a seat next to Phinn and the two spoke in hushed tones with serious expressions on their faces, likely making plans for Queen Delphinia’s reunion with her son Avor.
Shalin and Soldad talked excitedly about what ancient attractions they might visit on their arrival in Constantinople. 
King Blackwell was engrossed in giving his wife Serafina instructions on what she must tell King Geoffrey in Fernland since a stop at Fernland was now a part of the Sea Dancer’s itinerary. Esme was listening closely to their conversation.
“You must impress on King Geoffrey the need to limit this first run of the Sea Sprite to a few ports near the mouth of the Great Sea. If he should decide to trust Soldad’s offer on behalf of his emperor, he will be able to sell the whole of his cargo in Constantinople. Otherwise he needs to do business with those cities most at risk from pirates.”
Serafina nodded in agreement.
“When the Sea Sprite returns to Henge for our turn to sell our wares, you may have already discovered the secret of Greek Fire,” Blackwell continued, “but we will not have time enough to implement it into our delivery system for our own maiden voyage. I am sure with the ties we will then have with Constantinople, we will be able to sell the whole of our cargo to the emperor there.”
Esme wondered if her own possible engagement to one of the emperor’s family members was to be one of those “ties”.
“If I do succeed in finding the exact mixture to make Greek fire, and Geoffrey sends the Sea Sprite to Constantinople, I might be able to introduce the explosive into our ship’s delivery system right there in Constantinople,” Serafina said. “Then the Sea Sprite would be better protected on its voyage back to Fernland and Henge.”
King Blackwell shook his head emphatically and put down his soup spoon to grasp his wife’s hand. “Absolutely not. It is much too dangerous. You need only bring the knowledge of the mixture back to Henge. Our soldiers will do the testing and the installation.”
“As you will,” Serafina replied.
King Blackwell narrowed his eyes and spoke sternly as he tightened his hold on Serafina’s hand. He did not trust his strong-willed wife. “This time it must be as I command. I will have your promise on this matter.”
Serafina smiled and pulled her hand free. “You have my promise.”
King Blackwell gave one last suspicious glance in his wife’s direction before returning his attention to his lamb stew.
“Now, as to the other matter in Constantinople,” Serafina began.
Esme was able to turn to her seat mate on the right in time to avoid her father’s surreptitious glance. She found she was sitting next to Esmeralda, a member of Phinn’s acting troupe and the wife of Lars the Trader.
“What a lovely necklace you are wearing,” Esme said. “Wherever did you find such a gem?”
As Esmeralda began a long explanation of the coral necklace’s origin in the waters off the coast of Africa, Esme tuned her out and instead listened closely to her parents’ conversation.
“It is enough for now to become familiar with the emperor’s family,” her father was saying, in his imperious manner. “The interest must come first from the emperor himself since I will not be there to represent Henge. But I am certain there will be an interest if the emperor has unwed sons or nephews of marriageable age. He has heard of our weapons which could safeguard his city. He will want to strengthen his ties to Henge. That is a certainty.”
“There may be no interest on your daughters’ parts,” Serafina warned.
Esme could feel her father’s annoyance even without seeing his expression. “They are old enough now to begin to realize their positions as members of a royal family. They are destined to marry into royalty. If not in Constantinople, then another kingdom, hopefully one with something to offer in the way of resources.”
Esme did not know if she could remain silent in the face of her father’s unbending position. Just as she was about to turn and state her own opinion of his ridiculous ideas, she realized Esmeralda was holding out her coral necklace for Esme to try on.
“I could ask Lars to find one like it for you,” Esmeralda said. “The orange of the coral looks lovely against your dark hair,”
Esme smiled and took the necklace. She placed it around her neck and rubbed her fingers against the smooth coral globes. “It is a treasure,” she said, suddenly glad that Esmeralda had intervened. Accusing her father of old-fashioned outdated ideas of the importance of royal birth would not change his mind, she realized. She would have to rely on her own wiles to avoid unwanted attention from the emperor and his family. Perhaps she should appear herself to be slightly insane, rather than accusing the emperor’s family of being insane as she had earlier suggested.
Esme turned to her father and assumed a worried expression. “I wondered if I might share a secret I need kept between Mother and you. I do not want Electra to hear of it for fear of worrying her needlessly.”
Her mother and father looked down the table to where Electra and Phinn sat, still deeply engaged in their own conversation, well out of hearing range.
“Very well,” her father said in a cautious tone of voice. “What is this secret?”
“Dagon and some of Helsop’s fishermen spotted a Vagan ship in the distance a few mornings ago while out rather farther than usual on Cold Lake. They suspect it was there to spy on Helsop in hopes of catching the village unawares in a raid.”
“But now they are not unaware,” King Blackwell noted.
“True,” Esme agreed, “but Dagon was sufficiently worried that he was happy when Electra announced plans to visit her mother in Fernland. He wants her and his sons out of danger in Fernland and has sent Maki the Scout out to assess the situation.”
“I see,” King Blackwell said. He paused a moment to ponder this threat. “Now that we depend on Helsop for the construction of canisters to hold our exploding powder, we need to consider their safekeeping.” He smiled at his daughter. “You have done well to apprise me of this threat to Henge’s economy. I will be ready should the need to come to Helsop’s assistance become necessary.”
“Thank you, Father,” Esme said. “I consider Helsop my second home now. But Electra must not hear of it. Otherwise she would never leave for the safety of Fernland.”
“How is it you know this and Electra does not?” her mother asked.
Esme shrugged in deference to her father’s inability to come to terms with his daughters’ mind-reading powers. She smiled mischievously. “It is almost as if I could read minds.”

Chapter 7

Kingdom of Henge

Electra had spoken to Phinn at length about her mother’s predicament. Queen Delphinia had never disobeyed an order from Electra’s father King Geoffrey, nor had she ever had reason to, since she was always in agreement with his decisions. But disinheriting their son Prince Avor was a thing she could scarcely abide and banning him even from future visits to Fernland was anathema to her.
Phinn had assured Electra that he too had made promises to Delphinia that he intended to keep. He felt a certain obligation to the woman who had given his acting troupe a means of earning money. He told Electra he had made a solemn vow to ferry Queen Delphinia wherever she would need to go to meet her son secretly. And he did this knowing his actions could carry a cost were King Geoffrey to find out.
Electra took her two sons Gregor and Soren to view the archers at practice on the large archery field.
“Phinn the Ambassador is planning to leave tomorrow to visit Fernland,” Electra mentioned casually. “He has invited the three of us to go along. I thought it would be nice to visit your grandparents. We have not seen them since last autumn.”
Gregor immediately frowned. “I do not want to leave Skadi alone too long.”
Electra knew Gregor did not like being separated from his dog Skadi even though his father had promised to take her with him to militia headquarters each day and allow her to train as a tracker alongside Dag’s dog Fang.
“I am sure Skadi is enjoying all the attention she is getting as soldiers come by headquarters,” Electra soothed.
Gregor’s frown deepened. “She might forget me.”
“Never!” Electra exclaimed. “Dogs do not forget their pack mates and you are the leader of her pack.”
Gregor’s frown turned into a faint smile. “That is just Esme’s thinking. A dog is not the same as a wolf.”
Electra returned her son’s smile. “Is that a yes then? I know your grandmother would be thrilled beyond words to see you both and she likely has gifts from China waiting there for just such a visit.”
“I guess it would be all right,” Gregor conceded. “Would I be allowed to climb to the crow’s nest on the Prince Avor?”
Electra closed her eyes briefly. Her son was obsessed with the goal of climbing a ship’s rigging to stand up high in the crow’s nest. She decided at twelve years old he was likely capable of making such a climb without accident. “Yes, I suppose you might if Phinn and the captain will allow it.”
Gregor fairly glowed with anticipation.
His brother Soren who usually waited to see what his older brother thought about events before making his own decisions was quick to pose the obvious question.
“Might I be allowed to climb up to the crow’s nest as well?”
Electra shook her head sadly. “I believe we have just established twelve years old as the age necessary to attempt such a feat.”
Soren wrinkled his nose in disappointment, if not surprise. This was the usual outcome in such discussions.
“We must pack our things later today then,” Electra instructed, “and be ready to leave in the morning.”
“Might we borrow a bow and arrows from the armory and take a turn here on the archery field?” Gregor asked.
“We shall ask Tandor if such a request might be granted,” Electra said in a cheerful tone, happy that she had so readily gained her sons’ approval for what might be only the first leg of a very long voyage.

Phinn the Ambassador had called for a meeting of his acting troupe in the theater his father had built for him. He planned to discuss a serious, but secret, matter. The actors filed into the theatre, took seats near the stage, and whispered among themselves as Phinn gathered his thoughts.  
Phinn missed his father greatly but was a little more at ease with his situation now that some months had passed and his half-brother, now called King Blackwell rather than Prince Blackwell, had made no move toward undoing all the favors that the old King had bestowed on his illegitimate son, Phinn.
Phinn was still ambassador, now with a new ship, the Prince Avor, formerly the property of King Geoffrey of Fernland. He still had his acting troupe with him, fed and housed at his brother’s behest just as before the old King died. He still had his theater and could plan his own schedule, albeit always at the king’s pleasure. King Blackwell even asked his advice from time to time as Blackwell did little traveling compared to his half-brother. Phinn was able to advise him concerning the conditions and needs of port cities around the world.
Phinn had already obtained his brother’s permission to travel to Fernland aboard the Prince Avor. Once in Fernland he would be able to keep his promise to take Queen Delphinia to meet with her son Avor. Now Phinn had only to decide who, in addition to Delphinia, Electra and her sons, would travel with him on this covert voyage to Hormu.
He looked at his acting troupe assembled before him. These people were also his closest friends and truly more like family than friends.
Phinn cleared his throat before speaking. “As you know, there is a great divide just now in the Royal Family of Fernland.”
Murmuring and nods from those assembled ascertained the truth of his words.
“We owe our beginnings as an acting troupe to Queen Delphinia who hired us to entertain royal guests as often as she had the chance. She was also instrumental in the building of the theater for our own use on the banks of King’s Lake.”
More nods of agreement.
“I may have been rash in making promises to her on seeing her devastation over her son’s disinheritance and banishment upon his marriage to a Barburee Queen,” he continued. “Since I did so in defiance of King Geoffrey’s many decrees on the subject, I have put us all in jeopardy.”
Some tentative headshaking followed that admission.
“Be that as it may, the time has come to make good on my promises. The sea lanes are clear of sea ice and ships are free to retake their spring routes. I plan to leave on the morrow along with Electra and her sons. Electra, it appears, has also made dangerous promises for her mother’s sake.”
This news was followed by surprised glances and more murmurs.
“So you see, I do not know what the outcome of this journey might be and I am reluctant to take all of you, my friends and family, along. There could be dangers of many sorts involved. I leave it up to each of you, who will go and who will stay.” He paused for emphasis. “Do not take this decision lightly. There is risk on both ends. You risk King Geoffrey’s wrath on one end should he find we are not abiding by his many decrees with regard to his son’s new status as a traitor, and we risk unknown dangers on the other end as Delphinia is determined to see her son and he is now a member of Barburee’s royalty. We all know what manner of people live under the Great Khan’s rule and the dangers we might encounter in the war-torn kingdom of Hormu.”
Tom, Phinn’s oldest friend, was the first to speak. “Me and Trixie don’t need to think. We’ll be going along wherever you go.”
The others quickly fell into line and the whole of the acting troupe was soon busy packing for the upcoming journey.

Chapter 8

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin and Esme packed carefully for their voyage to Constantinople. They would need comfortable clothes to wear aboard ship and more formal clothes for their time in Fernland and Constantinople. Although they could purchase anything they needed in Constantinople’s extensive market, they knew their mother would not be inclined to purchase replacements for things they already owned.
“You do not seem as opposed to going to Constantinople as I anticipated,” Shalin noted, remembering her sister’s previous vow to run away to join the Silent Men in their hilltop sanctuary rather than be forced into a voyage to Constantinople.
“Dag gave me the seed of an idea that should save me from any marriage into royalty,” Esme said.
“What was this ‘seed?”’  Shalin asked, thinking she might need just such an idea herself.
“He suggested I tell Father the whole of the emperor’s family was insane or diseased.”
Shalin laughed. “I doubt Father would believe that, or that Mother would substantiate such a claim.”
“No matter,” Esme replied, “since I have improved on the idea.”
“And what is your improvement?” Shalin asked.
Esme smiled in a fearsome way. “I am myself insane and likely have murderous tendencies.”
Shalin barked out an uncontrolled laugh. “Do you not think Soldad or Mother might notice this sudden onset of mental sickness?”
“Not if it only comes out on occasion – that occasion being when they are not present.”
Shalin pursed her lips. “It just might work. Of course as your identical twin I would likely be inclined toward the same infirmity.”
“Learn from me, then,” Esme said as she crossed her eyes and let her tongue hang out the side of her mouth.
“Now you are overreaching. Just a hint of insanity would be more credible. Perhaps a tendency to wring one’s hands and look around furtively from time to time would cast doubt on one’s mental stability.” Shalin demonstrated the symptoms she thought more believable.
Both girls were rolling around their beds emitting peals of laughter when their mother came through the door.
“Would you care to share the jest?” Serafina asked.
Shalin sat up, thinking quickly. “Only funny things Coco the Parrot gets up to in Helsop,” Shalin lied.
“I see.” Their mother appeared skeptical of the explanation but did not pry. “It appears we will be leaving tomorrow on the Sea Dancer at the same time Phinn will be leaving with Electra and her sons aboard the Prince Avor.
“They are going to help Aunt Delphinia find a way to visit Prince Avor in Hormu,” Esme said.
“How do you know this?” Serafina asked.
“Electra has worried about how she would keep her promise to help her mother all winter,” Esme said. “She still does not have a plan in mind for how she will carry Aunt Delphinia off to Hormu to see her son after Uncle Geoffrey has declared they will have nothing more to do with their traitorous offspring.”
“And Phinn is helping her?” Serafina asked.
“Yes. He promised Delphinia he would,” Esme said.
Serafina pressed a finger to her lips as she considered this news. “I thought they were only going for a visit to Fernland.”
Esme shook her head. “Aunt Delphinia needs a convincing story to tell Uncle Geoffrey. He would never agree to the real reason.”
“As it happens, we are also going to make a stop at Fernland. I may be able to help her convince Geoffrey of her need to go on a voyage.”
“Why are we stopping in Fernland?” Shalin asked, anxious herself to go quickly to Constantinople.
“Your father has told Soldad the first shipment of the new weapons will be leaving soon out of Fernland. Soldad wants to present a case to King Geoffrey for selling them all to his emperor.”
“What is your plan for helping Aunt Delphinia?” Esme asked.
“I do not have it refined as yet, but it would be less suspicious if she were to sail out with us rather than with Phinn and Electra. There might be a reason for her to visit Constantinople. She could change ships from ours to Phinn’s once we are out of King’s Lake.”
“Yes, the mint,” Esme said enthusiastically. “Delphinia hinted that Fernland should have a mint to produce gold coins now that Fernland will be taking in so much money from selling weapons.”
Serafina smiled. “Yes, that should work. Especially if I hint that Henge might be interested in starting such an enterprise. That would make Geoffrey eager to do so before we do.”
“You should tell Electra,” Esme said. “She has been searching for such an idea for months.”
“Perhaps I will,” Serafina said. “Now let us speak of more practical matters. What have you decided to pack for this sojourn in Constantinople?”
Shalin and Esme brought out their half-packed valises. “We will be staying at the emperor’s palace,” Serafina said. “I assume they dress for dinner much in the fashion that Delphinia insists on adhering to in Fernland. You should pack what formal wear you have. We may be forced to buy more there. You know your father wants you to make a good impression.”
Esme smiled ruefully in her sister’s direction.
The smirk was not lost on Serafina. “You may find yourselves attracted to one or more members of the emperor’s family. Such a thing is not a complete impossibility.”
“Do you think it necessary we both marry into royalty?” Esme asked her mother.
“No, of course not. But it seems to be very important to your father and so you should be open to the possibility of such an attraction.”
“We will be fifteen this autumn. Is that not rather young to be husband hunting?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, I find it too young, but your father worries you are already spending too much time with young men he disapproves of.”
Shalin and Esme shared a guilty glance.
“Sharing time with friends is not the same as husband hunting,” Shalin said.
“Oft times the result is similar,” Serafina said. “Now search your closet for any formal wear that might be lurking there.”
The twins headed to their closet considering their mother’s words.

Chapter 9

King’s Lake in Fernland

After a short voyage down the coast to Fernland, two ships, the Sea Dancer and the Prince Avor, turned into the estuary leading to King’s Lake, the protected port of Fernland.
Shalin knew her Aunt Delphinia and Uncle Geoffrey would be there to meet them. The estuary was long with several locks to cross and that interval of time was sufficient for smoke signals from the coastal outpost to alert the king and queen in their hilltop castle as to which ships were on their way.
The Sea Dancer entered the lake first and Shalin could see the royal carriage parked at the lake’s edge. The two distant waving figures were no doubt her aunt and uncle. They would be happy to see their twin nieces, but not as happy as they would be to see their daughter Princess Electra and their two grandsons Gregor and Soren aboard the ship just behind them.
As the Sea Dancer set anchor, a shore boat was launched. A short discussion ensued as to who should go ashore first since the rowboat would hold only four including the oarsman.
Soldad insisted that he himself would row Serafina, Shalin and Esme to shore.
They climbed one by one down the rope ladder into the small boat and made the short trip to shore where Soldad splashed out into the shallow water and pulled the boat onto the sand before it lost momentum.
“Esme, Shalin,” Delphinia sang out. “How good it is to see you. Both young ladies now,” she noted as they walked closer. “Is it possible you have grown so much since last we saw you?” She continued to chirp merrily about their changes in appearance even as her eyes followed the progress of the second, more familiar ship into the harbor. “Is that the Prince Avor just behind you?”
“Yes,” Esme said, happy to be the bearer of good news. “Electra and her sons are here to visit you as well.”
Delphinia clasped her hands together over her heart. “My cup of happiness runneth over. We will have a celebration tonight, will we not?” she asked, turning to her husband King Geoffrey.
“It looks that way,” Geoffrey said, allowing his own happiness to break through his usual reserved countenance. “So the lads have come as well?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “Both Gregor and Soren. Gregor has some surprise news for you.” She decided to say no more. Gregor would want to tell his grandfather about his conquest of the crow’s nest aboard the Prince Avor.
“Does he?” King Geoffrey said, smiling. “I can hardly wait to hear it.”
They watched the progress of the first shore boat splashing down from the Prince Avor as Soldad de Medich, having secured their rowboat, stepped forward. “You may not remember me,” he said, bowing respectfully in greeting, “but we met last year in Henge at the hundred year celebration. I am Soldad de Medich at your service.”
“I remember you quite well,” King Geoffrey said, shaking the young man’s hand. “It is good of you to bring our sister and nieces to visit us.
Delphinia, who had been hugging her sister Serafina, spoke to the young merchant. “We remember how helpful you were in informing us about trading ports around the Great Sea.”
King Geoffrey nodded his agreement. “There is our new ship, the Sea Sprite.” He pointed to a medium-sized ship anchored offshore. “She will be leaving soon on her maiden voyage.”
“Yes, I hope to speak more about just that subject at your convenience,” Soldad said.
At that point they were interrupted by the arrival on the beach of Electra and her two sons on the first shore boat off the Prince Avor.
Gregor and Soren ran ahead to hug their grandmother and grandfather. Electra was fast behind them.
“I am overwhelmed with happiness,” Delphinia exclaimed as she hugged her daughter. She leaned in closer and whispered in Electra’s ear, “Do you have a plan?”
Shalin could not hear her aunt’s words but she could read them in her mind. Even at this moment of joy her aunt’s mind was preoccupied with thoughts of her banished son, Prince Avor.
“Perhaps,” Electra answered back.

As more and more people came ashore on shore boats, the beach became crowded with newcomers. After many heartfelt greetings an agenda of sorts emerged. Most of the men and boys would ride horses up to the castle. Phinn and the acting troupe wanted to check on the condition of their theater on the shore of the lake before joining the king and queen at the castle for dinner.
Delphinia, Serafina, Electra and the twins crowded into the royal carriage for the hour’s trip to the castle. On the way to the castle Serafina nodded to Electra, a silent sign that she might inform her mother of their nascent plotting.
“Your sister and nieces know of  my real mission here,” Electra began, “and they want to help.”
Delphinia, after an apprehensive moment said, “I should not want to ask you to go against any decree made by King Geoffrey, but I am desperate to see my son, as any mother would be. I hope you will forgive me for involving you.”
Serafina, who had forgiven her sister for marrying Geoffrey, still held a grudge against Geoffrey for breaking off his engagement to her after falling in love with her sister. “We are happy to help,” Serafina assured her.
“What then is your plan?” Delphinia asked, barely containing her excitement.
“I thought I might mention that I had been considering constructing a mint to manufacture coins with Blackwell’s profile stamped upon them, now that my husband and I are named king and queen.”
“But you must not do that,” Delphinia said fearfully. “That is the excuse I had hoped to give to explain my own absence from Fernland. I had hoped to persuade Geoffrey that Fernland needed a mint now that we would be making money from our weapons’ sales to many foreign ports. I plan to argue that Fernland should have our own good faith standard. I had thought to suggest I might travel to Constantinople to see a mint in action.”
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “That is what I confided to Aunt Serafina. She suggested that a bit of envy over the thought of King Blackwell having a coin with his likeness engraved upon it might be enough to make Father wish the same for himself.”
“Oh, I see,” Delphinia said. “Envy as a motivator.” She paused and shook her head sadly. “I hate to think my husband might be moved to action by envy, but I admit, if we are subtle about it, it just might work.”
“Of course it will,” Serafina said with confidence.

Chapter 10

Kingdom of Fernland

That evening, as all the newly arrived guests assembled in the hall outside Fernland’s great dining room, a sense of intrigue pervaded the gathering. Many people with individual agendas mingled joyfully with old friends, but often their voices lowered as murmured words were passed one to another.
Shalin and Esme were hard pressed to follow all the thoughts and secret schemes that permeated the hall. 
King Geoffrey hovered over his grandson Gregor, eager to train him up in the knowledge of kingship since he had decided his grandson should be the new heir apparent to Fernland’s throne.
Queen Delphinia rehearsed the deceitful arguments she believed would incline her husband toward allowing his wife to board a ship leaving Fernland so that she might finally see her son and meet his new family.
Electra tried out various scenarios in her mind that might justify her shortened visit to Fernland. She must convince her sons to leave without a fuss while bolstering her mother’s case for leaving Fernland on one ship or another.
Phinn hoped to appease everyone at once by going along with whatever lies Electra and Delphinia concocted, fulfilling his promises while keeping his friends and family safe from repercussions.
Soldad needed to convince King Geoffrey to sell the whole of the Sea Sprite’s cargo to his emperor in Constantinople.
Serafina seemed unperturbed and shielded her thoughts from the twins’ prying attempts to read her mind.
Shalin and Esme did not waste their time trying to unlock their mother’s true feelings.
Esme transmitted a thought to her sister’s mind. Do you think all these plans will have any effect on our own strategies in Constantinople?
Shalin was quick to answer. My goals are not your goals. I wish only to study Constantinople’s ancient writings and absorb what can be garnered from its history.
But you will still attempt to appear to be slightly insane if I ask it of you? Esme shot back.
Shalin let out a deep breath. If it becomes necessary to save you from an unwanted betrothal, yes, I will.
Esme smiled and followed the crowd into the dining room as dinner was announced.
Electra sat to her father’s right at the long dining table and much to King Geoffrey’s dismay, allowed her two sons to join their friend Drake further down the table.
“I intended to ask young Gregor to join me tomorrow at court,” King Geoffrey complained.
Esme, who had taken the seat next to Electra, offered to exchange seats with Gregor.
“No, stay,” Electra said to Esme. She turned to her father. “Gregor is aware that tomorrow is a court day and has already asked my permission to join you as he did last year. Of course I gave my permission.”
King Geoffrey seemed mollified. “Asked your permission, did he?” The king smiled. “Perhaps we could organize a hunt while he is here.”
Electra assumed a regretful expression, checking to make sure her son was too far away to hear her words. “Unfortunately we must leave the day after tomorrow. I have been summoned to Taz on a matter of some urgency.”
King Geoffrey turned to Delphinia who sat on his left, no doubt expecting her to object to her daughter’s abbreviated visit.
When Delphinia said nothing, King Geoffrey prodded, “Did you know Electra and her sons had to leave the day after tomorrow?”
“No, what a shame,” Delphinia said.
Geoffrey looked askance at his wife’s easy dismissal and turned back to Electra. “What is this urgent situation in Taz that pulls you from us?”
“Physician Rabar, who is become the new caliph to his people, has had a request from the Great Khan himself to find a woman physician to attend to Odval, who has become quite ill and will not allow a male physician in her presence.”
“Could you not have sent one of your students?” Geoffrey asked.
“Unfortunately, Odval has requested me by name,” Electra replied sadly.
“Why not leave Gregor and Soren here until you return?” Geoffrey asked. “You would not want them to be exposed to Odval’s disease should it prove to be contagious.”
At this point Esme could see that King Geoffrey expected his wife to object to their daughter’s exposing herself to such a disease. But again, Delphinia was uncharacteristically silent.
“I will make sure to keep Gregor and Soren away from Odval – not that she would allow them into her presence in any case,” Electra said.
Serafina, who sat to her sister’s left, said in a calm voice, “you should journey on to Constantinople once you put the Great Khan’s daughter-in-law to rights. We will be staying at the emperor’s palace there. Phinn could put on a performance and you could interest the emperor in buying some of your craftsmen’s tools and swords.”
Electra shrugged. “I do not like to stay too long away from Henge and my school of medicine, but I will consider your offer.”
Delphinia looked at her sister. “I understand they have a mint there in Constantinople that produces gold coins.”
“Yes,” Serafina said. “I look forward to touring the mint as well, though my main objective in Constantinople is to research the origins of Greek fire in the Imperial Library.”
“What is your interest in the mint?” Delphinia asked her sister.
“I have mentioned to King Blackwell that Henge would do well to mint our own standard of good faith currency now that we will be actors on the world stage. Besides, I would like to see his profile stamped into the gold of each coin.”
King Geoffrey, who had been following this conversation, looked up from his soup. “And what does your husband say about this idea?”
Serafina smiled. “He laughs at the notion. He says our weapons are our currency. We need only build a storage room large enough to hold all of the emperor’s coins that will be coming our way soon.”
Delphinia smiled at Geoffrey. “You had much the same reaction, did you not, my dear? But I, as my sister, should love to see your profile on each gold coin that finds its way from Fernland into the wider world. Perhaps Soldad might invite me along on this voyage so that I might tour Constantinople’s mint.”
Both Delphinia and Geoffrey looked down the table to where Soldad sat engaged in a conversation with Phinn the Ambassador.
“Soldad asked to have a word with me at my convenience,” King Geoffrey said. “Perhaps tomorrow I will grant him an audience to see what he has on his mind.”
“Now that we have weapons to sell, I am sure you will have many such requests for audiences,” Delphinia said. “Fernland will become quite important now – a kingdom of note in the world.”
King Geoffrey realized the truth of his wife’s words. Perhaps they did need their own mint and their own standard of good faith.
Esme hid a smile behind her hand upon reading her uncle’s thoughts.

Chapter 11

Kingdom of Fernland

King Geoffrey and Muller the Spy sat at the round table below the throne in Fernland’s large throne room. Today was a court day and complainants were already beginning to assemble in the corridor outside the throne room.
King Geoffrey looked forward to having his grandson Gregor at his side today, but first there was the audience requested by Soldad de Medich to see to.
“Do you know what this sea trader wishes to discuss? Muller the Spy asked King Geoffrey.
“Yes, of course. Otherwise I would not have granted the audience,” King Geoffrey said in an affronted tone. “He wants to discuss the purchase of weapons. He was present last year at Henge’s one hundred year celebration and witnessed the exhibition of exploding arrows and hand balls.”
“But selling weapons to a trader could be dangerous,” Muller cautioned. “He may in turn sell to the highest bidder and that person could be King Gundar or the Great Khan himself.”
“Do you take me for an idiot?” Geoffrey asked, frowning at his chief spy. “I know quite a lot about this trader. He serves only his emperor, who happens to be the emperor of Constantinople.”
“Oh, I see,” Muller said. “And you wish to strengthen bonds with this emperor?”
“Not particularly,” King Geoffrey said. “He has nothing we need here in Fernland, though he does fear the Great Khan and could be a source of strength against him.”
“Yes,” Muller agreed enthusiastically. “And Constantinople is a very wealthy center of trade. The emperor would likely pay a good price for our weapons. His gold coins are rumored to be the new standard in trade.”
“Are they,” Geoffrey said in a manner that did not demand an answer.
Muller chose to answer regardless. “Yes, quite pure, I am told. I happen to have one that was brought to me for testing when it first appeared in Fernland’s marketplace.” He fished a shiny coin from the pocket of his tunic and handed it to King Geoffrey.
Geoffrey held the coin between his thumb and index finger, judging the weight and studying the profile of the emperor with his prominent Roman nose before handing the coin back to Muller.
“I have considered establishing a mint for coinage here in Fernland to put out our own standard in gold,” Geoffrey said.
“We would need a reliable source of gold, silver or copper,” Muller said thoughtfully. “We could perhaps buy silver from Sandovia or gold from Africa.”
“So you think it a good idea?” Geoffrey asked.
“Possibly. A dependable standard always encourages trade,” Muller replied. “A mint would also provide employment here in Fernland.”
“Yes,” Geoffrey said. “That is true.” He looked up to see Soldad the Trader coming through the tall doors of the throne room accompanied by a page ready to announce the king’s visitor.
“Your Majesty, may I present Soldad de Medich of Constantinople,” the page called out in a loud voice.
King Geoffrey waved the page away and invited Soldad to take a seat at the round table.
Soldad bowed respectfully before taking a seat. “Thank you, Your Majesty, for taking the time to honor me with an audience on behalf of the emperor of Constantinople.”
King Geoffrey nodded and waved his hand in a gesture meant to allow Soldad to continue.
Soldad was quick to comply. “As you know I was witness to the demonstration of the awesome weapons your Western Alliance is now offering for sale to those plagued by pirates around the Great Sea.”
King Geoffrey nodded.
“I reported all this to my emperor and he has authorized me to negotiate the purchase of whichever of these weapons you have on offer. I understand you have a shipment just ready to leave and I should like to offer to buy the whole of it on behalf of my emperor.”
“That could prove to be quite costly,” King Geoffrey warned, “as we are asking a gold coin for each individual weapon.”
“My emperor is prepared to pay your price upon delivery.”
King Geoffrey looked at Muller the Spy to see if he had any objections or concerns, but Muller appeared to be delighted with this news.
“My wife has an interest in seeing your mint in Constantinople as we are considering building one here in Fernland as well.”
“We would be honored to have her as our guest aboard the Sea Dancer. As you know we are also honored to have your sister-in-law and your two nieces aboard as our guests on this voyage. They will all, no doubt, be welcomed as guests of the royal palace in Constantinople. I assume my emperor would claim the privilege of touring the mint with Queen Delphinia, but I would also be honored should the privilege fall to me.”
“Yes, we shall see if such a voyage fits into the Queen’s plans. As for the weapons, I believe we will accept your offer. The weapons will be loaded on board tonight and the ship ready to leave in the morning.”
Soldad placed his hand over his heart. “My emperor will be pleased with this addition to our city’s defenses. Please allow me to give you this down payment as a measure of our good faith.” He took a small velvet bag from his tunic and spilled its contents on the table. A small fortune of thirty or more gold coins gleamed up from the table.
Geoffrey nodded at Muller who scooped the coins back into the bag and stood. “I will see that this down payment goes directly into the treasury and is deducted from the final bill for the shipment.”
King Geoffrey stood as well and Soldad was quick to follow suit. “It has been a pleasure conducting business with you,” Geoffrey said. “And now I believe I must excuse myself to take a seat on my throne. It is time for court to begin.”
Soldad smiled and bowed, “Your Highness, we are in your debt.”

The first people through the doors of the throne room were Electra and her son Gregor.
Electra leaned down to give last minute advice to her son. “Remember, only give your opinion on a matter if your grandfather requests it,” Electra said as she watched her son take the smaller throne just to the left of her father.
“I shall come to collect Gregor at the break for lunch,” Electra said, smiling at her father.
“Thank you,” Geoffrey said. “You are welcome to stay for the proceedings.”
“I have promised Mother my help with tonight’s dinner menu,” she said.
Gregor waved goodbye to his mother and looked at his grandfather with an eager expression.
King Geoffrey smiled at his grandson. “Yesterday when you were all gathered at the beach, Shalin said you had some news you would like to share with me.”
Gregor looked confused for a moment, then smiled. “She likely meant what I was finally allowed to do aboard the Prince Avor.” 
“And what was that?” Geoffrey asked.
“I was allowed to climb up the rigging to the crow’s nest at the top of the mast.”
“And you accomplished this feat of daring?” Geoffrey asked.
Gregor’s small smile grew to cover the whole of his lower face. “I did. Twice!”
King Geoffrey smiled a smile very similar to his grandson’s. “Good man!” He looked down at the page who stood below the raised platform of the thrones. “Call in the first case.”

Chapter 12

King’s Lake in Fernland

Queen Delphinia sat with her husband King Geoffrey in the royal carriage on their way to King’s Lake. She was almost too excited and on edge to speak for fear of saying something that would change her husband’s mind about allowing her to go to Constantinople.
“Are you quite sure about this, my dear?” King Geoffrey asked for the third time.
Delphinia nodded her head and managed a smile.
King Geoffrey still seemed doubtful. “I could send Muller the Spy to tour Constantinople’s mint, you know. This could be a long and difficult sea voyage,” he warned.
“I think it would be good to establish a personal relationship with the emperor now that he is buying our weapons,” Delphinia said.
King Geoffrey was quiet for a moment. “Yes, I am sure you are correct in that,” he said. “And if you are determined to make this trip, there is another matter that could benefit from your presence.”
Delphinia looked up at her husband. “What matter is that?”
“I have concerns about this Greek fire that your sister has set her sights on discovering. It sounds a dangerous business to me. I believe it may well destroy our new weapons carrier before it fends off any pirates.”
Delphinia nodded. “I had the same thought,” she said.
“Try to find out as much as you can about her research into the subject. If this weapon sounds unstable or unpredictable in its makeup, I intend to forbid its installation on the Sea Sprite.”
“Yes, you are very wise to do so,” Delphinia agreed, this time with no dissembling. Then she realized she would not really be in Constantinople to attend to this and felt her hands begin to tremble.
Luckily, King Geoffrey did not notice her shaking hands before she thrust them into the pockets of her velvet traveling cape. He was busy looking out at the crowd assembled on the shores of King’s Lake.
“I shall need to give some last minute instructions to Haddad, the Admiral of the Fleet, before he leaves,” King Geoffrey said, “but please do not go aboard the shore boat before I have the chance to say goodbye.”
“I will wait for you,” Delphinia promised.

Delphinia found Electra and her sons standing in a group that included Serafina and the twins. She could still feel her hands trembling inside her pockets.
“Mother, you look pale as a ghost,” Electra said as Delphinia joined the group. “Has Father changed his mind about allowing you to go to Constantinople?”
“No, in fact he has assigned to me another task while I am there.”
“That would explain your pale cheeks,” Electra said. “What is this new task?”
“He wants me to judge the dangers of having Greek fire aboard our new ship, the Sea Sprite.”
At the words Greek fire, Serafina turned her attention from the twins to her sister. “He is worried about the addition of Greek fire to our new ship’s defenses?”
“Yes, he thinks it as likely to destroy our own ship as that of any pirates we might encounter.”
“But you will not be there to assist in our research. Will you take my word on the dangers?”
Delphinia looked at the sister who had kidnapped her child and hidden her for sixteen long years. “Not likely,” she said.
Serafina smiled. “I expected as much. Shall you then accompany us all the way to Constantinople?”
Delphinia thought about this precious and precarious opportunity to visit her only son in Hormu and answered, “Again, not likely.”
Serafina laughed. “What then will you do?”
Delphinia looked at her two nieces who seemed to be following this conversation closely. “I will take Shalin and Esme’s opinion on the dangers. If one or both find it too dangerous I will cast my vote accordingly. Will you stand in for me on this matter?” she asked her nieces.
Both girls nodded.
Delphinia hugged them both. “Then we proceed with our plan as agreed,” she said.

King Geoffrey found Admiral Haddad speaking to his crew in the Taz language. When he came close, Haddad switched quickly to English.
“Your Highness, I am just giving some last minute instructions to my men about care of the weapons we have loaded aboard,” Haddad said.
“Do you feel confident about giving a demonstration of the weapons if the emperor requests one?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Yes, I have practiced for such a possibility with the Royal Guard,” Haddad assured him.
“Make sure he pays for the shipment in gold coin,” King Geoffrey said. “We may decide to take partial payment in trade goods in the future if more weapons are purchased, but for now we will only accept gold.”
“Yes, I understand,” Haddad said.
“Any last minute concerns?” Geoffrey asked.
“No, but looking at the young trader’s ship, I judge we will reach Constantinople several days behind it. Our own weapons carrier is quite heavy with all its reinforcements and not built for speed.”
“I will mention that to my wife,” King Geoffrey said. “Safe trip to you then,” he said as he returned his admiral’s salute. “I must go and say my goodbyes to my family.”

Electra and her sons were just about to step aboard the shoreboat when her father stopped her.
He gave his daughter and two grandsons hugs and smiles. “Gregor was a great help to me yesterday at court,” he said. “He will make a fine king one day.”
“Time will tell,” Electra said evasively.
“Have a care at Taz,” her father warned. “You must not trust those Barburee people. They are ever plotting to gain an advantage.”
“I will be careful, Father,” Electra promised.
“Fair winds and calm seas to you all, then,” Geoffrey said.

Delphinia was waiting further down the shore with Serafina and the twins when Geoffrey joined them. “Now you must send me a message as soon as you arrive in Constantinople,” he told his wife.
“Yes, I will,” Delphinia promised, as she hugged her husband goodbye
“And remember the other matter we discussed,” Geoffrey added.
“I will not forget,” Delphinia said.
“I will miss you,” King Geoffrey said.
“As will I, you,” Delphinia assured him.
Delphinia, Serafina and the twins all stepped aboard the Sea Dancer’s shoreboat and waved as they were rowed out to board their ship.

All three ships entered the estuary, the Sea Dancer first on its way to Constantinople, the Prince Avor second, on its way ostensibly to Taz, and the Sea Sprite last with its cargo of weapons bound for Constantinople.
It was only hours later, at dusk, and out of sight of any Fernland guard post, that the two fastest ships lowered their sails and a lone shore boat was lowered from the Sea Dancer to ferry one passenger, Queen Delphinia, from the Sea Dancer to the Prince Avor. With the completion of this task, both ships set sail once again to go their separate ways.

Chapter 13

Aboard the Sea Dancer

On their second day at sea Shalin left her cabin early to distance herself from her sister’s dark mood. She was pleased to find Soldad in the ship’s galley eating an early breakfast.
He smiled and gestured to the seat across his small table. “Please join me. It is nice to see another early riser.”
Shalin saw a troubled expression on her friend’s face and was quick to guess the reason.
Taking the seat offered, Shalin said, “You are troubled by the events of last evening.”
His face showed his surprise at her perceptivity. “How did you know?”
“I have come to recognize certain of your expressions,” she said. “And the one you wear now is your troubled one. You were bothered by Aunt Delphinia’s departure to join her daughter aboard the Prince Avor?”
“Yes,” Soldad said, pushing his scrambled eggs about on his plate. “King Geoffrey entrusted his queen to my safekeeping and I have not kept that trust. Her reasons for leaving seemed suspect.”
“What reason did she give?” Shalin asked.
“She said she had a premonition that her daughter needed her. The premonition was so strong she said she had no choice but to change ships and accompany her daughter and grandsons to Taz. That she would follow me later to Constantinople aboard Phinn’s ship if it were possible.” He put his fork down. “If such a premonition proves true she may now herself be in danger.”
“Do not worry,” Shalin said. “She did not tell you the real reason she changed ships but I will tell you.”
“You knew this would happen? This change of ships?”
“Yes,” Shalin said. “She did not tell you the real reason because she did not want you to feel you were doing something against King Geoffrey’s orders. She wanted to protect you. Perhaps you would prefer not to know the truth?”
Soldad ran his fingers through his hair as he considered Shalin’s words. “No, it is better I know the truth. Otherwise I cannot make a good decision in the matter.”
“Very well then,” Shalin said. “King Geoffrey has disowned his son Prince Avor because he married a Barburee queen, Queen Cogatin of Hormu. Avor is now Regent to the Crown Prince of Hormu and King Geoffrey has forbidden any future dealings with his banished son.”
Shalin sought Soldad’s eyes before continuing. “My aunt is a mother in agony over her lost son. This trip to Constantinople is all an elaborate plot contrived by her daughter Electra and her sister, my mother, to allow my aunt to visit her son in Hormu without King Geoffrey’s knowledge.”
Soldad shook his head slowly. “I have been poorly used in this matter. No one sought my permission to join this elaborate hoax.”
“Yes, you have been,” Shalin agreed, “and I have not acted as your friend by neglecting to warn you ahead of time. Can you forgive me?”
“Of course. You were an innocent in all of this. It was not fair of them to put you in the position of choosing sides between your aunt and uncle.”
“Would you have allowed Delphinia to change ships if you had known?” Shalin asked.
“Probably not,” Soldad admitted.
“Then it is good that you did not know,” Shalin said. “Her distress was such that my aunt might have jumped overboard and tried to swim to the Prince Avor had you forbidden it.”
Soldad showed his alarm. “Truly?”
“Truly,” Shalin said.
“Do you think she will keep her promise to join us in Constantinople?”
“I doubt it,” Shalin said truthfully. “She will want to spend as much time as possible with her son.”
“I suppose I will never know the power of a mother’s love,” Soldad said with a faint smile.
“Tell me a bit about your own mother,” Shalin said. “And your father and brother. I am curious about your family.”
Soldad seemed to relax a bit and smiled at thoughts of his family. “My mother likes to spend a lot of her time in the garden. She employs two gardeners and keeps them both busy with planting flowers and trees and building new ponds and fountains.”
“I look forward to seeing her garden,” Shalin said. “And what of your father? Is he also a garden enthusiast?”
“Father is rarely home. He is even now likely in Hindustan trading wool for cowrie shells. I hope he will return in time to meet you. He is an affable man and loves to tell stories of his travels.”
“Excellent – just as I imagined – he is very like his elder son.”
Soldad smiled. “You find me affable?”
“Very much so,” Shalin said, returning his smile. “And your brother Tome? I remember him from Antok.”
“You do? But you could not have been more than four years old when we met in Antok where you saved us from being killed by falling masonry during the great earth shake.”
“Nevertheless, I do remember him. He may have been six or so?”
“Yes, that sounds about right,” Soldad said. “I believe I was ten years old at the time.”
“He seemed very frightened. I remember he was holding your hand.”
“He was, and he likely remembers that day. My brother is a passionate young man. A renowned artist and a devout follower of Yeshua. I would not be surprised were he to join a monastery.” Soldad smiled as he thought of his brother. “But you would find him affable as well.”
Shalin nodded. “I wish we were staying with your family for our whole time in Constantinople. I am not looking forward to spending time at the emperor’s palace.”
“Why is that?” Soldad asked.
Shalin was so engrossed in their conversation that she had not noticed Esme standing in the doorway to the galley listening to their conversation.
Evidently Soldad had not noticed Esme either, because they were both shocked when Esme answered the question posed for Shalin.
“Likely for the same reason I am not looking forward to staying there. We are to present ourselves available for wedlock into the emperor’s royal family.”

Chapter 14

Aboard the Sea Dancer

Shalin looked at her sister standing in the doorway to the galley and transmitted an angry thought. Must you give away all our secrets?
Esme smiled and sat down at the small table next to her sister. “Are there more eggs to be had?” she asked, looking at Soldad’s plate.
“Certainly,” he said rising from his chair. “Please allow me to put in your order. Eggs for both of you?”
Shalin nodded. As soon as he went through the swinging door to the kitchen, Shalin turned to glare at her sister.
“I was not planning to tell him why mother insisted we stay at the emperor’s palace.”
“Why ever not?” Esme asked, grinning.
Shalin closed her eyes, trying to gather her patience. “Because I do not plan to marry anyone just yet. I want to follow where my ring leads me, and I had hoped Soldad might aid me in that endeavor. If he thinks I am looking for a husband, he is not likely to offer his help.”
“What if he were to offer to marry you?” Esme asked.
“That would make things very awkward,” Shalin said.
Soldad came back through the swinging door, saying, “The cook will bring out your plates as soon as they are ready.” He took his seat across from Shalin.
“It occurred to me just now that if you are to marry someone in the emperor’s family, you have likely come to the wrong place,” he said gently.
“Why is that?” Esme asked hopefully.
“Our emperor is quite elderly. His two sons are already grown with families and tasked with their own colonies to govern. The eldest is governor over Egypt and has only daughters and the younger is in charge of our Levant colony. He has one daughter and one grown son, a military officer.”
“So there is no one there in Constantinople related to the emperor of a marriageable age?” Esme asked, her eyes glittering with excitement and mirth.
“Perhaps one, his great nephew, Boris. He is the grandson of the emperor’s elder sister who is now deceased. Boris is Port Director in Constantinople. It is a very important position.”
“Does he live at the palace?” Esme asked.
“No, he has a home overlooking the port,” Soldad said. “In fact he is a neighbor of my family.”
“Perhaps Mother will wish us to stay with Soldad’s family after all,” Esme said.
Shalin ignored her sister and spoke to Soldad instead. “It is my father’s wish that we marry into royal families, but I seriously doubt his wish will come to pass. Mother has decided Esme shall be future Queen of Henge so if she is to marry royalty, it would have to be someone willing to move to Henge.”
Soldad was listening carefully to all this new and startling information.
“You say your mother has decided Esme should be queen one day. Has your father agreed to this?”
“I do not believe mother has told him of her decision as yet. But she usually finds a way to convince him of the correctness of her ideas,” Shalin said.
Soldad was nodding, deep in thought, as the cook came through the swinging door with a plate in each hand.
“Two egg breakfasts,” he said cheerfully as he set a platter before each twin.
As both girls dove into their food, Soldad watched Esme carefully. “But you do not like the idea of marrying into the emperor’s family?”
Esme shook her head as she swallowed. “No, I am not ready to marry and if I were I would prefer to choose my own husband, not someone who has only his pedigree to offer.”
Soldad smiled. “Tell me your requirements and I will tell you if Boris might fit.”
Esme knew no one would fit as she was already half in love with Dag. Perhaps more than half. She took a deep breath. “It would have to be someone who loves wolves. Someone who spends most of his time in the forest. Someone who is self-sufficient and not too full of himself or his station in life.”
Soldad pretended to seriously consider her words but Shalin could see in his mind that he was secretly amused by her answer. “I believe Boris would fall short on several fronts,” he said with a sad face. “First, I would guess that Boris has never met a wolf he did not love, but that would be because he has likely never met a wolf, being more of a port-dweller than a forest-dweller. Second, though he often travels over the water on ships, he has never mentioned any time spent in a forest – certainly not in Constantinople, nor in any of his travels around the Great Sea.”
Soldad smiled. “As to being too full of himself, I believe he might pass muster there. Even though people treat him with great deference due to his royal ties, he seems quite absorbed in his work rather than in himself.”
“Good,” Esme said. “It seems he will not do. Perhaps if we meet up with a ship going in the opposite direction, I might be allowed to board it and save us all from my forced sojourn in Constantinople.”
“I really cannot afford to lose yet another passenger under my care,” Soldad said with mock horror.
Esme laughed.
Soldad turned his attention to Shalin. “Does Boris sound a royal who might fit your requirements for a husband?” he asked.
Shalin smiled. “I am sure he must be a fine man and a good neighbor to you, but I really have no interest in finding a husband just yet. I am more invested in learning more of the ancient cities of the world and the origins of my ring.”
“And if Boris should make an offer for your hand?” Soldad pressed.
“I would find a polite way to refuse.”
“I am sure he will be sorry to hear it,” Soldad said with feigned sorrow. “However,” he continued, with a bright expression, “that still leaves the unmarried grandson in Levant, which happens to be a part of the world that is of interest to you, I believe.”
“Levant,” Shalin repeated. “I know nothing of the region. Whereabouts is this Levant colony?”
“Just to Constantinople’s east, Soldad replied. “It includes the city of Tyre which captured your interest when you visited last year, and also Jerusalem, which is hardly more than a stone’s throw from Bethleem, the birthplace of Yeshua. Levant is a very large colony.”
Shalin was immediately quite interested. “And would this grandson live near Bethleem?”
“Unfortunately, no. The headquarters for the administration of Levant is currently in the city of Damascus.”
“Damascus. And would Damascus be an ancient city?” she asked.
Soldad nodded. “To my knowledge, Damascus is the oldest city in the world, its roots going back many thousands of years.”
Shalin smiled. “You, Soldad, are a veritable gold mine of information.”

Chapter 15

Aboard the Prince Avor

After many days aboard the Prince Avor on their way to Hormu, Captain Hardy announced that the opening to the Port of Hormu was in sight.
Electra and her mother Queen Delphinia stood at the ship’s rail looking past the colorful island that marked the spot.
“Lars says those white masses that look like snow on the island are actually salt deposits,” Electra remarked.
Delphinia took a moment to respond. “Do you think Avor will be happy to see us?” she finally asked, apparently not hearing or not paying any attention to the unusual scenery around them.
“Yes, I am sure he will be overjoyed to see us,” Electra said, laying her arm on her mother’s shoulders.
“He may not even be here,” Delphinia murmured, “He may be off inspecting other parts of his new kingdom.”
“Then we will wait here until he returns,” Electra assured her mother.
“What if his new wife resents our coming unannounced?” Delphinia asked. “These Barburee people have different customs, you know.”
“The short time I spent with Cogatin in Taz, she seemed quite courteous. She was quiet but grateful when my sons played with her boys, who were younger then Gregor and Soren.”
“Altan and Octai,” Delphinia said. “I must remember their names.”
“Do not worry yourself,” Electra said softly. “Cogatin will be happy to meet her husband’s mother. He saved her life. He saved her sons’ lives. She will want to know the mother of the man who has given her so much.”
“Yes, of course you are right. He has done that at great cost to his own birthright.”
“I believe he loves Cogatin,” Electra said.
“He has always loved with his whole heart,” Delphinia said, sighing. “It has cost him much pain.”
“You are remembering his young love for Elka of Sandovia?”
“Yes. He was only sixteen when he proposed marriage to her. King Geoffrey and I should not have forbidden it.”
“He was too young to marry,” Electra said gently. “Even Elka realized that.”
Delphinia squared her shoulders and stood up straighter. “Yes, and now he is a man. We must respect his choices and he must accept the consequences of his actions.”
“I am sure he has done so,” Electra said.

The Prince Avor tacked up the river to the long wharf that edged the Port of Hormu. All of the acting troupe was standing along the rails now, taking in the sight of the warehouses next to shore and a large marketplace at the foot of the rise where Hormu’s palace fortress loomed over the sprawling city of Hormu.
Seabirds screeched hopefully over the approaching ship, the warm salty air held the faint scent of campfires, fishnets and pack animals. Off to the east they could see activity around the opening of the caravansary. A new caravan was approaching from the east.
“This seems a very different place from Fernland,” Delphinia said.
“It is,” Electra agreed, realizing how very little her mother had actually seen of the world outside Fernland.
Electra, her two sons, Delphinia and the acting troupe walked along the long wharf area, taking in the sights and sounds.
“Will you just go announce yourselves at the palace gate?” Phinn the Ambassador asked Electra and Delphinia.
“Perhaps we could stop for some refreshments in the marketplace,” Electra suggested. She looked at her mother. “Lars could ask about for us as to the proper protocol for a royal visit.”
 Delphinia seemed quite nervous, her eyes darting thither and yon as she twisted a handkerchief between her hands. “Yes, perhaps he could ask someone to advise the castle guards that the mother and sister of Prince Avor are here.”
“I suppose we should refer to him now as Regent Avor,” Electra said.
“Regent Avor, of course,” Delphinia said as she pressed her handkerchief to her cheek.

The large group dispersed somewhat as they entered the marketplace, with many of the actors stopping to view the various products on display.
Lars stayed close to Electra and Delphinia as they took seats alongside Gregor and Soren at an empty table. Around them were carts and carpets under colorful cloth awnings with many types of merchandise set out: fruits, vegetables, salt, precious stones, dyed cloth, ceramics, tools and spears.
The scent of fresh-baked bread drifted over from an outdoor oven close by.
Lars excused himself to buy bread from the woman tending the oven.
Delphinia watched the turbaned shop-keepers with awe.
After a conversation with the baker, Lars returned carrying large slices of warm bread to their table. “The woman there is sending her son to inform the palace guards that you have arrived,” Lars said. “Have some fresh bread while we wait. It should not take long. She says the queen and regent are in residence today. She delivers loaves of bread to the palace every morning.”
Delphinia lifted a piece of bread to her mouth with a trembling hand, but set it back down again before taking a bite. “I imagine they are both very busy.”
“Nonsense,” Electra said. “Avor will set aside any business he has when he hears we have arrived.”

Within a few minutes they saw a man running down the gentle incline that led to the palace gate.
“Is that Avor?” Delphinia asked cautiously.
Electra followed her mother’s gaze. “I believe it is. They stood up to meet him as he came to a halt before his mother, breathing heavily,.
“Mother,” he said simply before opening his arms for a hug.
Before long it seemed everyone was weeping tears of joy.
“How have you managed this?” Avor asked as he hugged his sister and nephews in turn.
“Phinn brought us aboard the Prince Avor,” Delphinia said, wiping her eyes with her handkerchief.
Phinn came over to join the group when he realized it was Avor who had run down to greet them. The two men shook hands.
“I hope you have brought your acting troupe,” Avor said. “We are in great need of entertainment here. Hormu’s populace was shaken by the siege and the death of their King.”
“We would be honored to put on a performance,” Phinn said in his formal ambassador’s tone of voice. “How have you yourself been keeping?”
“I am well,” Avor said, smiling with a hint of pride, “and am soon to become a father.”
Delphinia gave a little shriek, whether of happiness or horror was not altogether clear. “Cogatin is with child?”
“Yes,” Avor said. “You must come to see her and the boys. They will be thrilled to finally meet you.” He looked around the busy marketplace. “And Father?”
“He was unable to come,” Electra said.

Chapter 16

Palace of Hormu

Electra held her mother’s hand as Phinn rounded up his troupe of actors. They made quite a large group when all were assembled for the short walk up to the palace fortress of Hormu.
Avor led the way, walking next to his mother and sister, chatting amiably. “The fortress was built originally by the Persians before Barburee conquered the city. Hormu has been under the Great Khan’s rule now for twelve years, not counting the Persians’ brief retaking during the siege. There was much damage done by catapult and exploding arrows from General Uengen’s small army, but nothing that cannot be repaired.”
Electra looked up at the huge compound, one part inviting great arches, and another part thick-walled embattlements. The wall was made of ocher-colored bricks but some of the towering arches were made of white marble adorned with beautiful blue designs. Holes in the walls spoke to the war that had raged here.
“Have you any protection now that the army has returned to Taz?” Electra asked.
Avor nodded. “Some of the Great Khan’s Army remains. Commander Ganzorig has an encampment just outside the city that I believe will be more or less permanent.
Delphinia stopped walking suddenly. “I fear I have no gifts for Altan and Octai or for you and your wife. I left as soon as Phinn came down from Henge and offered passage.”
Avor smiled. “You are the gift,” he said. “You and Electra and my nephews. Altan and Octai know Gregor and Soren. They will be so happy to see them again. All of their old friends are…” He stopped after a quick glance at his nephews. “They are no longer at the palace,” he finished.
Electra guessed her brother did not wish to say they were all dead, as was likely the case.
“How old are Altan and Octai?” Delphinia asked.
“Altan is the eldest. He has been named Crown Prince of Hormu. He is eight years old now. His younger brother Octai is six years old.”
“When will Altan become king?” Electra asked.
“He will take the throne when he turns eighteen,” Avor replied.
“So you have ten years of regency ahead,” Electra calculated.
Avor smiled. “Yes, ten years.”
“And after that might you return to Fernland?” Delphinia asked.
“I have not thought that far ahead,” Avor admitted. “I suppose it is a decision that will depend on the times and circumstances that we find ourselves in ten years from now.”
“Yes,” Delphinia said hopefully. “Much can change in ten years.”

They reached the palace gate and the guard bowed respectfully as Avor entered with his large group of visitors.
“We are trying to restore the gardens to their pre-siege state,” Avor said, leading them through a large area of young trees and cracked fountains.
“It must have been beautiful,” Delphinia said.
“Yes, it must have been,” Avor agreed. “I never saw it, of course. There is a channel that runs beneath the palace carrying water to many cisterns. The channel was damaged but it is close to being restored. Once we have water flowing again from the river to the channel, the fountains will begin to function and the irrigation system can begin its work of renewal.”

Avor led them through a marble arch into a large area of broken pedestals. “These once held blue and white pottery from China. We are quite fortunate to be a world trade center here in Hormu. Every month we see more caravans arriving from the east.”
Avor gestured toward an area of silk cushions in a marble alcove. “Wait here while I arrange for refreshments and tell Cogatin that you have arrived. We will have rooms made up for everyone.”
The group took seats atop the cushions and marveled at the inlays of semi-precious stones along the marble walls.
“This was once a most glorious place,” Electra remarked.
“A much grander place than Fernland’s castle,” Delphinia agreed.
“But in a region of the world much less stable than Fernland. I should not prefer it, personally,” Electra said.
“I suppose the danger appeals to Avor,” Delphinia said with a sigh.
“I doubt that very much,” Electra said, “now that he is responsible for Hormu’s safety as well as the safety of his family.”
Delphinia’s voice dropped to a whisper. “He will have a child by a Barburee queen. How will he ever be reunited with his father after that?”
Electra shrugged. “Father was fond of Chimeg, remember? And she was the Great Khan’s granddaughter. We must not give up hope.”

Avor returned with his new family following him. He took his wife’s hand and brought her close to his mother and sister who had both stood to meet them.
“May I present my wife Cogatin and my stepsons Altan and Octai.” Avor’s right hand swept an arc in his mother’s direction. “My mother Queen Delphinia of Fernland. And my sister Electra, her sons Gregor and Soren, Phinn the Ambassador of Henge and his acting troupe you already know.”
Cogatin was dressed in a flowing blue silk tunic that could not quite hide her pregnant state. She made a respectful bow to Delphinia and smiled at the others.
Altan and Octai seemed very excited to see Gregor and Soren again, and Electra noted that Altan held a ball in his right hand.
Cogatin and her sons had no language in common with the newcomers and only Avor to act as translator. Lars the Trader was there and may have been able to help, but so far no one had asked for his help.
Delphinia put out her arms and Avor spoke to his wife in the Barburee tongue. Cogatin moved forward hesitantly to accept Delphinia’s hug.
Cogatin spoke to her two sons and each extended an arm to shake hands with their new grandmother.
Electra told her sons that they were welcome to play catch with the Crown Prince and his brother so Gregor took the ball from Altan’s hand, stepped back and threw it to Altan.
Altan caught the ball and gestured for Gregor and Soren to follow him as he ran through the arch to the outside gardens with all three boys close behind.
Servants entered from a side door, laden with platters of food and cups of tea and the adults sat back down on the silk cushions to eat.
Avor kept Cogatin close to him as he sat beside her on a large orange silk cushion next to Electra.“Please say you will stay until Cogatin gives birth. There is no one here who I would trust as much with overseeing the delivery of my child.”
Electra paused with a fig half way to her mouth. “I do not know that I can make that decision on my own.” She glanced at her mother and Phinn.
“They will agree if you will,” Avor urged.
Electra put down her fig and sighed. “Yes, I will stay if they allow it.”
Avor smiled, hugged Cogatin to him and whispered something in his wife’s ear.
Cogatin put her hands together in a gesture of thanks and smiled at Electra.

Chapter 17

City of Constantinople

Everyone aboard the Sea Dancer was excited to finally reach Constantinople. Shalin and Esme stood at the rail of the ship as the city came ever closer. Buildings set on low hills came into view above the thick defensive walls of the city.
Soldad joined the twins at the rail. “That villa on the right, just peeking above the walls, is my family’s home,” he said pointing to a section of the city where large white marble structures grouped together.
“It is lovely,” Shalin said. “You can see the entire city and beyond to the sea from there.”
“Yes, we are most fortunate. It is a shame my father will not be there to greet you and regale you with stories of his many voyages,” he said.
“But your mother is expecting us?” Esme asked.
“Yes, she is very much looking forward to meeting you. She knows you saved my life and that of my brother as well, those many years ago during Antok’s earth shake.”
“What did you tell her we did, exactly?” Esme asked in a suspicious tone of voice. Soldad and his brother Tome had been sworn to secrecy in Antok and he had promised never to reveal what he had seen of the twins power to deflect the path of bricks and falling masonry.
“I told her you shielded us with your own bodies and were miraculously unharmed. She believes it to be a miracle from Yeshua,” Soldad said, smiling.
“Does she think us followers of Yeshua?” Shalin asked.
“No, she knows Yeshua’s teachings have not yet reached your western world, but we believe Yeshua may work through anyone or anything he chooses since he is the creator and sustainer of all things.”
“So it was Yeshua and not us who guided the falling rocks away from you and your brother.”
“Exactly,” Soldad said.
“That should suffice to satisfy our mother,” Shalin said.
“But of course my own mother will be anxious to meet two of Yeshua’s instruments. She will likely overwhelm you with her awe and thanksgivings,” Soldad warned.
“I look forward to it,” Esme said, grinning. “It sounds as though we may be treated as honored guests rather than the interlopers we truly are.”
“Never as interlopers,” Soldad assured them.

The ship docked at the long pier that ran along the great wall of the city. Many ships from many nations were tied up, side-by-side along the pier. People in various styles of clothing walked along the wharf, some carrying bags over their shoulders or earthen jugs atop their heads or wheeling carts filled with goods.
Groups of travelers stood talking along the wharf or on the decks of various ships, bartering over prices or trading stories of their voyages. It was a busy and colorful point of arrivals and departures.
Soldad gave orders to his crew and arranged for his cargo of iron ore to be taken to the emperor’s storehouses before turning his attention back to his guests who were prepared to disembark.
“We may walk through the city to our villa or I can arrange for transport by carriage, whichever you would prefer,” he said.
Serafina did not hesitate or confer with her daughters before answering. “We need to walk. We have been too long confined to a small area.”
Soldad nodded. “Walking it is, then. Should you prefer to go directly to our villa or would you like to go first to the Imperial Library to meet the director there and make arrangements to view the scrolls and codices on early Rome and Greece?”
Serafina considered the question for a moment. “I think the library first. The day is still young and we are in no particular hurry to reach our lodgings.”
Soldad waved a hand to the path that ran alongside the city wall, bustling with activity. “To the library, then.”
They walked through the nearest gate in the wall that circled the city and continued on down the colonnaded walkway leading to the Imperial Palace and the Imperial Library.
The city seemed even busier and more crowded than the last time they had visited, looking for fire flowers and answers to the secrets of Shalin’s ring.
Shalin thought back to her meeting with Vaspan at the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library and hoped they would see him again on this trip. She had many more questions to ask him about ancient astrological prophecies.
When they reached the entrance to the Imperial Library, Soldad turned to his guests and said, “Perhaps you could wait here where there are benches available while I run ahead to find the director and arrange a meeting.”
Serafina nodded and took a seat on the nearest bench.
The library was already busy at this early hour with scholars and clergy members in long black robes moving about or sitting with their scrolls next to oil lamps along the many tables scattered about under the great dome of the main room.
“Will we begin our research on Greek fire today?” Shalin asked her mother.
“No, it will be enough today to do whatever must be done to gain entrance to view the materials. Tomorrow will be soon enough to begin our research.”
Shalin could hear her sister’s soft grown. If their mother was aware of it, she ignored it.
“It is probable that the director of the library will be aware of the materials that refer to Greek fire as I am sure we are not the first to hunt for hints of that lost secret,” Serafina said.
Soldad returned with a distinguished older man, black robed, with piercing dark eyes. “This is Himerius, the director of the Imperial Library,” Soldad said of the man he was arm in arm with. “Besides being the library’s director, Himerius is a treasured family friend.” He let go of Himerius’s arm to stand beside his guests. “I am honored to present our royal guests, Queen Serafina, Princess Shalin and Princess Esme of the Royal Family of Henge.”
Himerius nodded. “Henge is it? I am not familiar with your kingdom but am honored to make your acquaintance. I have brought the passes you will need to allow you admittance to our materials on future visits. Is there a particular area of interest that brings you to our institute?”
“We are interested in researching ancient naval warfare and in particular any mention of Greek fire,” Serafina stated.
“Ah, Greek fire.” Himerius smiled. “I believe I might be of service in that area. Roman naval battles are an area of particular interest to me. Would you care to see the section of our stacks devoted to that topic now?”
Serafina nodded. “I would be grateful. We have not the time or materials necessary to begin research today, but your direction to the appropriate area would make for a timely start when we arrive prepared to work tomorrow.”
“Follow me,” Himerius said, more friendly now that he sensed a kindred spirit with similar interests.

Chapter 18

City of Constantinople

After their brief stop at the Imperial Library, the Henge visitors followed Soldad up the hill to his parents’ villa. Even from a distance it was an imposing structure – perched high enough to view the sea beyond the city’s defensive wall, the white marble villa shone like a jewel in the noon-day sun.
Shalin knew her mother had brought one of her books on Greek tragedies as a gift, but she wondered now if she herself should have brought something as well. Soldad’s family may not have been royalty but they certainly lived like royalty.
As they drew nearer the walled villa, Shalin could make out mosaics pressed into the stucco walls. Pictures of saints perhaps? They looked very like pictures from her mother’s illuminated Fish Book.
Soldad sang out in Greek as they walked through the unguarded gate. “Mother, we are come all the way from the fringes of the world to see you.”
A minute later a woman clad in a draping blue silk gown stepped into the arched entryway.
“Soldad, is it you?” she cried out in Greek. “And you have brought them? The instruments of Yeshua?”
Soldad laughed. “It is indeed us. Come and meet our well-traveled guests.”
As the woman came forward smiling with hands spread wide in welcome, Soldad said, “My mother, Valeria, may I present Queen Serafina of Henge and her daughters Princess Esme and Princess Shalin.”
Valeria clasped her hands over her heart in a gesture of rapture and asked, “May I be allowed to hug each of you?”
Shalin smiled and stepped forward for a hug. Esme and Serafina followed suit and finally Soldad, who lifted his mother off her feet and swung her in a circle before releasing her.
“Please forgive my impetuous son,” Valeria said, blushing. “He has picked up bad habits from his father. But you must be weary from so many days at sea. Come in and rest yourselves. We will have tea in the garden. I have been so looking forward to finally meeting you.”
They followed Valeria through a series of rooms with floors tiled in colorful patterns and walls painted with vivid scenes.
“My son Tome is the artist,” she commented. “He is even now in the garden, painting from his memory of his last caravan trip with his father.”
Shalin gasped in awe as they entered the garden. It was alive with bubbling fountains, fruiting trees, flowering plants and gleaming marble pillars supporting a large dome beneath which sat a round marble table and marble benches.
“Let me just introduce you all to Tome and then I will go to order up our refreshments,” Valeria said.
They walked to a quiet corner of the garden where a young man of perhaps seventeen years painted on a piece of parchment stretched over a frame. He did not seem aware of their presence as he brushed a swath of green on his painting.
“Tome, we have guests and your brother has returned from his long voyage,” Valeria said gently.
In spite of his mother’s gentle words, Tome seemed startled. He was obviously completely engrossed in his work.
Esme moved closer to try to make out what he was painting.
“Soldad,” Tome said, laughing. “We had almost given up on you. Thought the Siren sea nymphs must have got you.”
Soldad clasped his younger brother around the shoulders. “Do you remember these two from ten or so years ago?” he asked nodding in the direction of the twins.
Tome shook his head. “I am sorry, I do not. But I remember the earth shake in Antok. Soldad has told me many times that we have you to thank for saving us.”
“We have Yeshua to thank,” his mother corrected him. “And blessed are those who Yeshua chooses to do his work here on earth.”
“Then I thank you for being the blessed instruments of Yeshua,” Tome said, smiling. He stood and offered his hand. “I am Tome.”
“And our guests are royalty from the Kingdom of Henge,” Valeria stated. “Queen Serafina and her daughters, Princess Shalin and Princess Esme.”
Tome pulled back his hand and bowed instead. “Your Highnesses,” he said. “I am honored to meet you.”
“What are you painting?” Esme asked, curious about his work.
Tome turned back to view his half-finished work. “Some of my memories from a caravan journey I took with my father.”
“They are camels!” Esme exclaimed as she finally drew close enough to see the outlines. “And they are perfect!”
Tome smiled. “You have been on a caravan yourself?”
“I have,” Esme said with excitement, “and I would give much to be able to recreate the animals I saw there as you appear able to do.”
“I would be happy to teach you what I have learned if you would care to try,” Tome said.
Valeria laughed. “Be careful that you really wish to be schooled by my son,” she told Esme. “He can be quite the task master when it comes to his art.”
Esme looked as though nothing could please her more.
“I shall just go to see what we have available in the pantry,” Valeria said. “Please make yourselves at home. Soldad, show our guests where the baths and toilets are, in case they care to wash up.”
“Of course,” Soldad said as his mother left the garden, “Just this way, follow me.”
He led them to a series of open holed-seats that emptied into a cesspool below and a bathing area beside a cistern that was constantly refreshed from an underground channel.
“We are fortunate to live atop one of the channels that connect to the aqueducts,” Soldad said. “The water from bathing goes on to irrigate the garden.”
Shalin studied the whole system with a sense of awe. “This is a marvel,” she said.
Esme looked back at the toilets. “So no chamber pots then?”
Soldad shrugged. “You may of course have chamber pots if you wish. We have become accustomed to using these, but both are still widely used here in Constantinople.”
“We shall do as you do while we are here,” Serafina said. “The garden is a triumph.”
“Yes,” Soldad agreed. “The garden is my mother’s passion. Due to our mild climate we make good use of it.”
They returned to the domed center of the garden where servants were already setting up a sumptuous feast on the marble table.
Esme stayed watching Tome as he mixed the brown pigment he would use to paint the camels.
“How do you remember the proportions so well?” Esme asked.
“I spent a long time sketching camels in various positions,” Tome said. “And from various distances. Learning perspective is one of the first things an artist must master.”
“I should like to try to recapture my memories of elephants in a painting,” she said. “Perhaps I should begin by sketching what I remember.”
“That is a good idea,” Tome said. “And if your mind does not prove to be completely reliable, I know a man who owns two elephants.”
“And to think I did not really want to come to Constantinople,” Esme mused aloud.
  

Chapter 19

City of Constantinople

After a good night’s sleep at the villa in Constantinople, Serafina and the twins had breakfast in the garden with Valeria, Soldad and Tome.
Esme sat next to Tome who, she had learned, was two years older than herself. He had brought some of his animal sketches for her to look at.
Shalin chatted with Soldad amiably, but stopped speaking when she heard her mother ask Valeria about the members of Constantinople’s Royal Family.
Valeria, as eager to be of service as her two sons, stopped eating and closed her eyes for a moment. “Of course the emperor’s eldest son Romanus and his family are in Egypt where Romanus is governor. Both his daughters are married now with young children. The second son, Julian, is governor in Levant. Julian’s son Nicholas is likely still with him though he is of an age now to be on his own. And then there is the emperor’s great nephew Boris, who lives just next door. Boris is protector of Constantinople’s port. Would you like to meet him?”
“Does he have a family?” Serafina asked.
“No, he has not married as yet.” Valeria smiled as a light of understanding came into her eyes. “Of course, you are considering possible alliances.” She glanced at the twins who were now both listening closely.
“My husband asked me to consider the possibilities,” Serafina acknowledged.
“Boris visits often. I shall ask him for dinner tonight if that is acceptable. Of course he is a distant relative, being the grandson of our emperor’s elder sister who is now deceased. He comes often to dine with us and usually wishes to talk only about port developments. He is quite centered on his work.”
“We would be honored to meet him,” Serafina said, nodding. “We will spend the day at the Imperial Library, doing research, but we will be back in time for dinner.”
“I will see that the invitation goes out immediately,” Valeria said, rising from the table to make arrangements.
“Must we spend the whole day at the library?” Esme whined.
Shalin sensed her sister’s dismay but stayed quiet, wishing she could start her exploration of the ancient roots of Constantinople with Soldad as her guide.
“Yes, we must,” Serafina said. “And if you have finished your breakfast we will leave now.”
Shalin and Esme rose reluctantly and said their goodbyes to Tome and Soldad.
Soldad rose as well, saying, “Please allow me to escort you to the library. Constantinople is fairly safe as large cities go, but I would rest easier knowing you are safe.”
“Thank you,” Serafina said. “Your hospitality and concern are much appreciated. Hopefully sometime today or tomorrow Admiral Haddad will arrive in the Sea Sprite and then we will have him to look after our needs.”
“Yes,” Soldad agreed, “as soon as he arrives we will set up a meeting with the emperor and possibly a demonstration of the weapons as well.” Soldad paused for a moment before asking, “Would you like me to inquire today about transferring your lodging to the palace?”
Serafina pursed her lips, considering. “I think not. It seems we are soon to meet the only member of the royal family abiding here in Constantinople, so we may as well remain here for the duration of our visit if that is acceptable to your family.”
“We are honored, and since I have not yet informed mother of your previous preference, there will be no need to tell her your plans have changed.”

The small group set off for the Imperial Library as vendors and servants were setting off for the marketplaces of the city. They fell in with the stream of humanity full of good cheer. A few street performers were included in the mix and Soldad pointed to one that he said was an amazing acrobat who lived nearby.
The library was quiet when they arrived, showed their passes and bid farewell to Soldad. They went directly to the alcove that held scrolls and codices from early Roman naval history.
Esme’s Greek was improving quickly, but Serafina assigned her to peruse materials that had more diagrams and pictures than writing.
“Set aside anything that appears to be a diagram of a weapon and Shalin or I will study it further,” Serafina said.
Shalin was assigned the Greek texts while Serafina took those written in Latin.
They worked silently for several hours, making piles with any reference to Greek fire or unquenchable fire or fire that burned in water.
By noon they had some sizable stacks. Himerius came by to ask how their research was progressing and to invite them to lunch at his favorite spot in the marketplace.
Serafina was quick to accept the invitation and Shalin could see that Esme was disappointed to know they would not be returning to the villa for lunch.

The foursome set out for the great marketplace in the old hippodrome with Himerius as their guide. He took them to a stand that sold lamb curry and fresh-baked bread. The adjacent stall sold fruit juices and had tables set out protected from the sun with a cloth awning.
They settled in for a delicious meal while Himerius and Serafina traded bits of what each knew about Greek fire.
“It almost certainly contained a good amount of potassium and likely pitch as well,” Himerius asserted.
“Yes, that would account for the energy surge upon touching water and the longevity of the flame,” Serafina agreed.
“I see you have a knowledge of chemistry,” Himerius said.
“It is one of my interests,” Serafina replied.
“Fascinating,” Himerius said. “And do your other interests include a study of the Roman culture?”
“No, I find the Roman culture too focused on pleasure and conquests,” Serafina stated.
Himerius raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You are a Christian then?”
Serafina laughed. “No. I am what I believe you outlaw here on religious grounds. I am a sorceress.”
“Truly!” Himerius exclaimed. “And a queen as well. Your curiosity regarding Greek fire is in furtherance of your sorcery?”
“I would say it is more in furtherance of my role as queen,” Serafina replied.
“Do you fear an attack on your kingdom?” Himerius asked.
“Not especially,” Serafina answered. “Henge has a large well-equipped army at present. Our armaments are much sought after. I like to stay abreast of any innovations be they past or present.”
“I see,” Himerius said, though it was apparent to Shalin that he had no idea Serafina was an arms dealer.
“And has your research borne fruit as yet?”
“We have found many references to Greek fire in scrolls that I have set aside for further review.”
Now Himerius seemed to feel himself on firmer ground. “I could show you a few I have found myself,” he offered, “though none have proven definitive over the years.”
“I would be most appreciative,” Serafina replied.

Chapter 20

City of Constantinople

Back at the Imperial library, Himerius began looking through the stacks of scrolls and codices Serafina had set aside for further study. Serafina turned her attention to her two daughters who sat beside her awaiting instructions.
“Since Himerius has agreed to help me, you two are free to return to the villa. But remember Boris the Port Director is coming for dinner and I expect you both to dress appropriately.”
Shalin could see that Himerius was greatly impressed with the fact that Serafina seemed to know important people, first Soldad’s family and now the emperor’s family. “I will wear my green silk if that will suffice,” she said.
“Yes, that will do,” Serafina said.
Shalin and Esme shared an excited grin before rushing out of the library.
“I hope Soldad has not made other plans for this afternoon,” Shalin said as they ran down the marble steps of the library.
“I know Tome will be painting in the garden. He told me so at breakfast,” Esme said.
“Are you beginning to like him?” Shalin asked.
“Very much,” Esme said. “He is amazing. How can anyone re-create animals from their memories as he can? I would be happy were I half as talented a painter.”
“No, I mean, him, not his artistic ability. Do you like him more than Dag?”
Esme stopped to look at her sister. “I am always at home with Dag. I have known him since childhood. Tome is new and exciting, like a bright crystal. I like learning what he can teach me, but he is not ‘home’ to me.”
Shalin nodded. “Yes, I understand the difference. And I am glad you have found a diversion here.”
“And is Soldad your bright crystal or is he becoming ‘home’ to you?” Esme asked.
“He is definitely a bright crystal, but I am becoming more comfortable in his presence as well.” She smiled. “We have yet to meet Boris.”
Esme laughed. “Soldad has already assured me that Boris will fall short of my requirements.”
“Your requirements are absurd,” Shalin said. “Men who love wolves and spend all their time in the forest? That would be a game warden at best, but even a game warden is unlikely to love wolves.”
“Nevertheless, Dag comes close,” Esme argued. “Your own requirement of needing someone to share your interest in exploring ancient cities comes suspiciously close to being tailored to fit Soldad who owns a ship and sails to various port cities.”
Their conversation brought them to the steps of the villa where they slowed and wondered if they should knock before entering or just go through the door as guests.
Esme decided the matter by opening the door a bit and shouting, “Hello the villa. Is anyone about?”
A servant came running and greeted them in Greek, saying “Good afternoon, Princesses. Her Ladyship is in the garden as is Master Tome. They are having lunch. Will you join them?”
“We will join them,” Shalin said, “but we have already had lunch in the marketplace.”
The servant left them to find their own way into the garden.
Tome stood as they neared the marble table in the garden. “You are back early,” he noted.
Valeria turned to see who Tome was speaking to. “Oh, good you are just in time for lunch.”
“We ate in the marketplace,” Shalin said. “We were excused from our duties after lunch because Director Himerius took our place.”
Valeria smiled. “Yes, I know Director Himerius. He is an enthusiastic researcher. He has been most helpful to me regarding questions about gardens.”
Shalin and Esme sat down at the table, deciding invitations were not necessary.
Valeria poured them each a glass of water from a pitcher. “Did your mother find the information she sought there?” she asked.
Shalin took a sip of water from her glass. “Yes, we found many references to Greek fire. She has some knowledge of explosive weapons and seeks to add to that knowledge with the exact mixture the Greeks used to make fire that burns even in water.”
“Speaking of explosive weapons,” Valeria said, “Boris informed us your ship the Sea Sprite has come into port. Soldad has gone down to meet it and supervise the unloading of the cargo.”
Shalin looked up anxiously. “We should go at once to inform Mother.”
Valeria shook her head. “Soldad assured me he would stop first at the library and tell Queen Serafina himself.”
“I think we still should go,” Shalin insisted.
“You may go if you think it necessary,” Esme said. “I plan to stay here in the garden and practice my sketching.”
“I do not think you should go alone,” Valeria said. “If you feel you must go, I will send one of the servant girls with you.”
“Yes, that would be appreciated. I should not care to become lost if Mother has already left for the ship with Soldad.”
“Come with me, then,” Valeria said. “We will find Sophia. She can guide you to where the ship has docked.”
Shalin followed Valeria to the large kitchen area where they found the same girl who had met the twins at the door.
“Sophia, will you accompany Shalin to the library and then to the port where Soldad has gone to meet the ship from Fernland?”
Sophia’s eyes lit up with this unexpected release from her kitchen duties.
“With great pleasure, Your Ladyship,” Sophia said, smiling.

Chapter 21

City of Constantinople

Shalin and Sophia finally caught up with both Soldad and Serafina at Constantinople’s long wharf. The Sea Sprite was docked just ahead of them.
“Have you seen Admiral Haddad yet?” Shalin asked her mother.
“No, we only just arrived ourselves,” Serafina said.
Shalin told Sophia she was free to do whatever she liked, having delivered her safely to the Sea Sprite and her companions.
Sophia clapped her hands joyfully and said, “I will be at the villa in time to help you get ready tonight. I will make your hair most beautiful!”
Shalin smiled at the girl who was likely her own age and nodded. “I shall look forward to viewing your artistry.”
“Hello the Sea Sprite,” Soldad called out.
Admiral Haddad leaned over the side of his ship and looked down. A smile spread across his face as he waved them aboard.
Once aboard the Sea Sprite, Serafina, Soldad and Shalin followed Haddad to view the cargo.
The cargo bay looked to be intact with no scent of moisture or mold inside to affect the small metal canisters filled with exploding powder. The heavy paper tubes containing powder that could be attached to arrows were stacked atop the metal balls.
“We should get these weapons off the ship and into dry storage as soon as possible,” Soldad cautioned. “I should not like to chance another explosion.”
“There is the matter of payment,” Haddad reminded him.
“Yes, perhaps we could take one or two of each weapon up to the palace now for a brief demonstration and you could collect payment for the entire cargo on completion of the demonstration,” Soldad suggested. “I am sure the emperor would prefer the cargo be removed by his own guardsmen.” Soldad looked to Serafina for her agreement.
“That sounds a good plan,” Serafina said. “Will you choose some weapons at random for your demonstration?”
“Of course,” Soldad said, gently taking two of each from the stacked weapons. He kept the two metal canisters and handed the two tubes made to be attached to arrows, to Haddad. “Shall we pay His Royal Highness a visit then?”
The group of four left the ship with their dangerous treasures and walked quickly back to the palace which sat close by the Imperial Library.
Soldad spoke in rapid Greek to the guard at the palace gate and the four were escorted to the archery field directly behind the palace courtyard.
“We will wait here until the emperor and his generals can join us for our demonstration,” Soldad said.
Shalin and Serafina took a seat on a wooden bench where they could watch archers at their practice. It seemed there were a good many wagers being made on one another’s ability to hit the center of the targets.
A servant came bearing fruit drinks while they waited.
Before long a very old but richly-garbed man came onto the field surrounded by three men who were perhaps in their forties. They were dressed in the uniforms of soldiers – red capes over metal breastplates.
Soldad introduced Serafina, Shalin and Haddad to the emperor and he in turn introduced his three generals.
It fell to Soldad to translate Serafina’s and Haddad’s instructions on how the new weapons worked to the generals who in turn went to choose archers to perform the demonstrations.
The emperor sat on the bench next to Serafina while the demonstration was organized.
“I am told you are something of an expert on explosives,” the emperor said to Serafina.
“It is one of my interests, yes,” Serafina replied.
“And yet there was the unfortunate explosion last year which destroyed your ship?” he added.
“A most unfortunate circumstance,” Serafina agreed. “We have taken measures since then to line our cargo holds with metal to prevent any outside spark from accidental ignition.”
“I see,” the emperor said. “Young Soldad was very impressed by the demonstration he witnessed last year at Henge.”
“Yes, I believe he was there for the hundred year celebration of our army’s founding,” Serafina said.
The emperor stood. “It looks as though they are ready to test your weapons.”
Serafina and Shalin stood as well and they moved closer to where the archers stood ready to shoot exploding arrows at targets down the field.
Admiral Haddad held a lit candle with one hand, shielding it from the breeze with his other hand. He stood between the two archers and at a signal from one of the generals, he touched the flame to the wick of each canister.
The archers held their aim for two seconds, then let fly. The arrows hit their marks and two targets exploded sending pieces of canvas and wood high into the air. The loud bangs brought people running from the palace to see what had happened.
The emperor himself walked down to the target area with his three generals to view the destruction.
When he returned, the emperor was smiling. “Very impressive,” he said to Serafina. “I shall certainly want to purchase all the packets your Western Alliance has to sell.”
Serafina nodded. “The next shipment will be coming from Henge rather than Fernland. Shall we move on to test the exploding hand balls?”
“Yes,” the emperor said. “My generals are bringing out sturdier targets to test their limits.”
 He turned to Shalin with a smile. “Soldad tells me you are one of two. You have a twin.”
“Yes, Esme has taken an interest in art after seeing Soldad’s brother’s work. She stayed behind with Tome de Medich who has agreed to teach her what he knows of painting animals,” Shalin said.
“We are all in awe of Tome’s work,” the emperor said. “He has done many of the murals within the palace. Perhaps you would care to view them?”
“We would be honored,” Serafina said. “Mayhap we could arrange a visit when Esme is able to come as well.”
“I should be thrilled to see your two daughters together and to learn how you tell them apart,” the emperor said.
One of the generals approached and saluted his emperor. “We are ready for the next test, Your Highness,” he said.
The group walked to the place on the field where two burly soldiers stood hefting the metal balls in their hands, judging how far they could throw the small weapons.
One signaled to the soldiers who had dragged out heavy blocks of wood to move the targets back a little farther. Each man threw a practice rock of about the same weight as the explosive to hit the block of wood far down the field.
Deciding they were ready, each man took up an exploding handball. Admiral Haddad again stood between the chosen two with a lit candle.
At the general’s signal, Haddad touched the candle’s flame to each of the wicks protruding from the hand balls. This time each man waited three seconds before hurling his ball forward to hit the target.
The two targets exploded with such force that people already in the distance ducked for cover. Scorched pieces of kindling flew up with a great cracking sound leaving the huge blocks of wood scattered into lumps of burning coals.
The generals could hardly contain their excitement. “These weapons should secure our safety for years to come,” they assured their emperor.
The emperor turned to Admiral Haddad. “You will take payment in gold for your king?” he asked
Admiral Haddad bowed. “With pleasure, Your Highness.”

Chapter 22

City of Constantinople

Both Shalin and Esme dressed carefully that evening. Sophia was there as promised to help them with their hair while reporting on the glorious afternoon she had spent in Constantinople’s marketplace.
“And I saw a show of marionettes,” Sophia said. “One was the Virgin Mary and she was chasing Yeshua when he was a little boy and he made a loaf of bread appear on their table. Poof! Just like that,” she chattered as she braided Esme’s hair into a coil atop her head.
“Make sure you fashion Shalin’s hair more beautifully than mine,” Esme warned the girl. “If Boris has to choose, we want him to choose her.”
Shalin frowned. “No one is going to be choosing anyone,” she chided. “He is a guest in this house, just as we are. And he should be treated with respect. That means dressing and cleaning up appropriately.”
Sophia laughed. “Boris is quite handsome. If neither of you want him, perhaps you could suggest me.”
Shalin smiled, knowing Sophia was joking. In spite of her own feelings that royals marrying royals was unnecessary, she knew that a royal would never marry a servant and so did Sophia. Such things only happened in fairy tales.
“Tome says Boris comes often for dinner,” Esme said.
“He does,” Sophia agreed. “But usually only when Master de Medich is home. Boris likes to get news of ports and shipping around the Great Sea.”
Sophia finished Esme’s great coiled braid and placed an ivory comb in her hair to hold it in place.
Now,” she said, studying Shalin’s face. “For you I think an up-sweep with curls atop. Then it will be easy to tell the two of you apart.”
“Curls?” Shalin asked. “I have no curls.”
“Not yet,” Sophia declared, “but you are in the hands of a master hairstylist. Like the puppet master, I say ‘curls’ and they magically appear.”
Shalin laughed. “This should be interesting.”

The twins came from their room at the villa dressed in silk, Shalin in green and Esme in blue. Their hair had been made to assume new and unnatural shapes at the talented hands of Sophia.
They found their mother already in the garden with Valeria and Tome. Serafina had donned a red silk dress and wore her ruby necklace, an engagement gift from when she had been betrothed to King Geoffrey many years ago.
Valeria nodded appreciatively as the girls joined them in a painted alcove beneath a flowering fruit tree.
“Shalin and Esme – you are both visions. Boris will be overwhelmed.”
Shalin looked at Valeria who was dressed in an off the shoulder confection in gold-colored silk. “You look quite lovely yourself.”
“We will outnumber the men by one. I should have asked the emperor to join us as well,” Valeria said.
“Does he come to visit?” Esme asked, thinking it possible.
“No, Valeria said. “When he wants to see my husband or one of my sons, he sends word for them to visit him at the palace. I have never presumed to invite him here. Perhaps he would actually come, if I did.” She appeared to consider the possibility, then shook her head, rejecting the notion.
Soldad appeared at the arched opening to the garden with another man beside him.
“Here we have found the ladies,” Soldad said, “putting the flowers to shame with their beauty. May I present his Highness Boris, Port Director of Constantinople. Please meet our guests from Henge, Queen Serafina, Princess Shalin and Princess Esme.”
Boris made a formal bow and looked at each new face in turn. “I am not yet clear on which of you is Shalin and which is Esme, but I appreciate that you have chosen to wear different colors so that I may be kept from embarrassment tonight.”
Shalin smiled and stood, holding out her hand. “I am Shalin and I am honored to meet you,” she said.
Boris shook her hand and turned to Esme who was already standing with her hand out. “That means you must be Esme,” he said taking her hand.
Esme smiled. “Guilty as charged.”
Boris returned her smile and glanced at Serafina. “Your daughters have inherited your astounding beauty,” he said in a casual tone.
Serafina nodded, but remained seated.
“Please sit down and join us. We should have wine directly,” Valeria said. “How is it you and my son have arrived here together?”
Soldad shrugged. “We met at the door. I have only now returned from overseeing the removal of the weapons from the ship to the armory.”
“What weapons are those?” Boris asked, suddenly all business.
“The very same ship whose arrival you notified us of this morning carried a cargo of new, advanced weaponry. After viewing a demonstration of their power, His Royal Highness the Emperor saw fit to purchase the whole cargo,” Soldad explained.
“Why was I not informed of this?” Boris demanded.
“I am sure the emperor will be discussing it with you soon,” Soldad said. “He has in mind to use them, if need be, in the port’s defense. Likely he wanted to see them demonstrated before making his purchase known.”
Boris frowned. “He still should have warned me. Only two years ago we had a ship full of weapons explode in our port.”
“Those were fire flowers, not weapons,” Serafina said, “and the ship was ours.”
Boris opened his mouth, then closed it, too shocked to speak.
Shalin could see multiple lines of thought colliding in Boris’s mind. He finally regained control of his tongue and said, “You had a ship full of fire flowers? Whatever for?”
“Our one hundred year celebration of the founding of Henge’s army,” Serafina said in a cool, collected voice.
Boris stared at Serafina for a moment, still feeling at a loss for words. He turned back to Soldad. “What can you tell me of these new weapons the emperor has purchased?”
“The weapons come from a western alliance of nations of which our guests are members. They are quite powerful, made of explosives which ignite after the wick leading to the mixture burns through. One type is a cylinder which attaches to the shaft of an arrow. The second is contained in a round metal canister with a wick which is lit then thrown by hand at a target. The second one pulverized a great block of wood in today’s demonstration.”
“I must see these for myself,” Boris said, looking as though he might leave at once. Then he gathered his emotions and glanced at the ladies present. “But tomorrow will suffice for that. I must admit, even though I was told I would be meeting royalty from a kingdom beyond the Great Sea, I did not realize it was a kingdom crucial to our own survival here in Constantinople.”
No one contradicted him. To Shalin his words seemed a fair assessment.
“Look,” Soldad said in a jovial tone, “here is Sophia with our wine and cheese.”

Chapter 23

De Medich Villa in Constantinople
 
The dinner guests at the de Medich villa moved from the painted alcove to the marble table beneath the garden dome. The sky had turned a deep shade of pink as the setting sun colored the clouds above.
Once they were seated, Soldad held his goblet of wine high in the air, saying, “To our guests from far and near. May God grant your fondest dreams.”
Everyone smiled and took a sip of wine. Shalin and Esme were glad their mother had not objected to their drinking wine and felt this might be an indication that she was accepting their adulthood.
Boris decided to make his own toast. Shalin read his mind. He had assumed the ladies from Henge would be an amusing diversion – unsophisticated royals from a backward kingdom. Now he realized they may still be that, but in addition they had powerful weapons to sell and that changed everything. But Valeria had warned him that they may be attempting to marry into Constantinople’s royal family and now he saw this as an option needing further exploration. He raised his glass. “To the Kingdom of Henge and its beautiful inhabitants. May they visit often and at length.”
Shalin studied the man’s face. His eyes were brown and bright with intelligence. He had the same prominent nose as the emperor – one that jutted out from between his eyebrows and came down in a straight line. A mouth which seemed unaccustomed to smiling. He had the large build and the musculature of a warrior – no doubt descended from generals. He was not a man to be trifled with.
“Here, here,” Soldad chimed in, from your lips to God’s ear.”
Boris turned his attention to the twins. He looked at Esme and asked, “How are you finding our city? Does it coincide with your interests?”
Esme tilted her head, studying her adversary. “My interests are universal. I am an apprentice physician with a love of animals. Recently I became interested in capturing the grace and beauty of animals in painted images.”
Shalin smiled at her sister’s use of the word ‘recently.’ Yesterday would have been a more accurate date for her fledgling interest in art.
Boris clapped his hands together. “A physician! I am astounded. Is it a common practice in Henge for women to become physicians?” he asked.
“Not particularly in Henge,” Esme replied. “However it is very common in the neighboring community of Helsop where I attend the school of medicine.”
Boris opened his mouth to speak, then changed his mind and turned to Shalin. “And are you also a physician?” he asked.
“No, I am a student of sorcery, astrology, ancient languages and philosophies,” Shalin replied politely. “I am happy to be here in Constantinople as I have an especial interest in ancient cities.”
Boris looked from Shalin to Soldad, suspecting he might be the victim of an elaborate hoax. Might they all begin to laugh suddenly, saying, ‘you should have seen the expression on your face!’
“Sorcery, is it?” Boris said in a tentative voice. “Might you make me a charm to keep me safe from tricksters?”
“Safe from tricksters?” Shalin asked. “Have you such a need?”
“I do not know for certain,” Boris said. “Do I?” he asked as he looked around the table.
Serafina intervened. “I have raised my daughters to follow their interests wherever they lead. As you can see they sometimes lead to unfamiliar terrain. I myself am a sorceress and once made a living by making charms. As Queen of Henge, I find myself an inventor of weapons with the authority to sell those weapons to whomever I choose. My husband and I have decided to offer them to port cities with stable governments who need protection from pirates and greedy neighbors. Soldad has assured us that Constantinople falls into that category.”
Boris seemed astounded past the point of recovery, but Shalin could see he was quickly coming to terms with this new reality. Henge knew what they were about. They had no need or desire to impress. The weapons spoke for themselves. He cleared his throat.
“I am astonished by your accomplishments, both individually and as a kingdom. Might I humbly offer my assistance during your visit in any way possible? Perhaps you would like a tour of our port headquarters? Or of our present port defenses?” He looked at Shalin. “You mentioned you are happy to be here as you are interested in the ancient parts of our modern city?”
Soldad interrupted before Boris could make his next offer.
“We hope to go out soon – Shalin and I – to see some of the hidden origins of our city. I planned to show her the tunnels under the old bathhouses and the foundations of some of our old Greek temples. Perhaps you would like to accompany us?”
Shalin was surprised by Soldad’s interruption. He guessed that Boris was about to offer to be her guide himself and Soldad did not want to be left out. Was he being possessive? Was he jealous of another man’s attention? Perhaps he really did have feelings for her.
Boris looked back at Shalin. “Would you like an extra escort on such an adventure?” he asked in a testing voice.
“I should be glad of any assistance I might be offered,” Shalin said. “But I will need my mother’s permission to be excused from my library research duties.”
Serafina pursed her lips and was silent for a moment. “Since Himerius has offered his assistance in my research, I suppose you might both be excused for the day,” she said finally.
Shalin smiled at Soldad and Boris in turn and Esme beamed a look of great excitement in Tome’s direction. Esme was now free to devote the day to painting.
Valeria said, “Now that we have tomorrow’s agenda in hand, let us concentrate on enjoying the warm night air, the stars above and the lovely dinner our cook has prepared for us.” She clapped her hands and two servants appeared carrying bowls, utensils and a large tureen full of soup.
“What research are you conducting at the library?” Boris asked Serafina, as the servants handed out bowls of spice-scented soup.
Shalin could see that Boris was now genuinely interested in this unusual family from Henge.
“I am attempting to discover the exact mixture of Greek fire,” Serafina said. “I was able to find diagrams of the delivery system for Greek fire while studying at a library in Timbitu in north Africa. Following the diagram, we have installed that delivery system on our new ship, the Sea Sprite. Now I need the exact mixture to load into that delivery system to re-create the Greek fire that burns even in water.”
Boris sat once again dumbfounded for a moment. “You have already re-created the delivery system aboard your ship?”
“Yes,” Serafina said.
“Might I be allowed to see it?” he asked.
“Yes, of course,” Serafina said.
Boris returned his attention to Shalin. “If you would be kind enough to excuse me from tomorrow’s tour of discovery, I feel that as Port Director of Constantinople, viewing such a marvel as this re-created delivery system must take precedence. Might we go another time?” he asked sincerely.
“Of course,” Shalin replied.

Chapter 24

De Medich Villa in Constantinople

The morning after their dinner with Boris the Port Director, both twins woke up with slight headaches.
“We need to drink lots of water,” Esme said, already pouring out water from the pitcher on the nightstand. “It is the effect of the wine.”
“You learned this from Electra?” Shalin asked.
“No,” Esme said, “Wine is a rarity in Helsop. I learned it from Aunt Delphinia. She always drinks lots of water the morning after one of her many banquets.”
Shalin nodded, wondering if her Aunt Delphinia was successful in reaching Hormu to see Prince Avor. “I spoke briefly with Mother last night after dinner.”
“What did she have to say?” Esme asked.
“She said we both conducted ourselves with honesty and integrity and we left Boris flummoxed but intrigued, which is always a good outcome where potential suitors are concerned.”
“She was actually proud of our behavior?” Esme asked.
“I believe she was,” Shalin stated.
“That is a first,” Esme said, emptying her glass. “I suppose that is why she is giving us leave from our work at the library.”
“Likely so, though I am sure she prefers Himerius’s assistance to our own. His interests appear to be in accord with hers,” Shalin said.
“Yes, as unlikely as that would seem.” Esme was braiding her hair in the same fashion as Sophia had done the night before.
“You plan to spend the day with Tome?” Shalin asked.
“Yes. I can hardly wait to get started. My sketches of elephants are improving. I believe I have the body proportions almost correct.”
“Do you have an interest in Tome as a potential suitor?” Shalin asked.
Esme laughed. “I would only be disappointed if I did.”
“Why is that?” Shalin experimented with a braid of her own.
“He is hoping to join a monastery. He plans to become a monk.”
Shalin dropped her hands and her braid unraveled. “He told you this?”
“Yes, but in confidence. His father is still hoping he will become a trader.”
“Does his mother know?” Shalin asked.
“Tome says she is a very devout Christian. He thinks she will be happy with his decision.”
“And Soldad? Does he know?” Shalin asked.

“He likely does. He seems to stay abreast of developments. Did you notice how he outflanked Boris last night to maintain his role as your guide?”
Shalin blushed. “I did notice and thought it smoothly done. Do you think he sees Boris as a rival for my attentions?”
Esme gave her sister a sardonic glance. “Of course he does and with good reason. Boris is a rival, and with his royal pedigree – a worthy opponent.”
Shalin took a deep breath. “I thought my mention of studying sorcery would be off-putting. Were he to actually make an offer of marriage, Father might be tempted to accept it.”
“You might think of something even more objectionable to become interested in while we are here. Perhaps the burial customs of ancient settlers here in Constantinople,” Esme suggested.
“Actually, I would find that interesting,” Shalin admitted.
“There you have it then and you are welcome for the suggestion. I hope it works.”

Shalin met Soldad in the garden having breakfast.
“There you are, my angel,” Soldad said, beaming a smile. “Ready for a day of discovery?”
“Ready and very much looking forward to it,” Shalin said. “Where shall we begin?”
Soldad smiled. “I thought we might begin with Constantine’s column. It is more than six hundred years old.”
Shalin accepted a plate of fish and fruit from Sophia who gave her a conspiratorial wink as she delivered her breakfast. Shalin could see in Sophia’s mind that she thought Soldad was in love with Shalin.
They ate quickly and left the villa before anyone else joined them for breakfast.

Shalin and Soldad stood in front of a large column over one hundred and fifty feet high, topped with a statue of Apollo.
“That is supposedly a statue of the Emperor Constantine in the figure of the god Apollo,” Soldad said. “Constantine was the founder of Constantinople. Before that it was a small city called Byzantium.”
“It is very impressive,” Shalin allowed.
“It is very dear to us,” Soldad said. “The base contains relics from Yeshua’s life.”
“Truly?” Shalin said. “What sort of relics?”
“It holds bits of the crosses of the two thieves who were crucified with Yeshua, a basket from the miracle of the loaves and fishes and the alabaster jar which Mary Magdalene carried to anoint the head and feet of Yeshua.”
Soldad pointed to the top of the column where Apollo stood holding an orb in one hand. “And in that orb held by Apollo, is a piece of the true cross – the tree where Yeshua was crucified.”
“So that part of the story, at least, is true?” Shalin asked.
“It is all true,” Soldad said. “His disciples proved that by remaining faithful even to their own martyrdom.”
 “How could you be sure? Yeshua died almost a thousand years ago,” Shalin said.
“Yes, nearly three hundred years before Constantine’s time. We must take it on faith.”
“I see,” Shalin murmured, nodding. “Much seems to be taken on faith.” She smiled. “Is there anything left of the city Byzantium which predated Constantinople?”
Soldad appeared to be deep in thought before a smile lit his face. “Yes, there is one remnant remaining and it is not far from here. Would you care to see it?”
“I would very much like to,” Shalin said.
They walked through the old section of town to a small plateau.
“Here is the foundation of our ancient Greek temple. They liked to build their temples on plateaus,” he said. 
“What do you suppose happened to the rest of the temple?” Shalin asked.
“I have it on good authority that the columns were used to hold up an underground cistern that Constantine ordered built to supply his new city with water.”
Shalin nodded. “And before Byzantium?”
“Before Byzantium it was a Phoenician port and fishing village called Lygos,” Soldad said.
“Phoenicians,” Shalin said with some excitement. “I once found an ancient Phoenician tablet that held the recipe for making purple dye from sea mollusks.”
Fascinating,” Soldad said. “And where did this discovery take place?”
“It was a few years ago. I had stowed away on Uncle Phinn’s ship. We were searching for, umm, fertilizer, and discovered an island left behind by the Phoenicians. The people who live there are likely the descendants of slaves brought there by Phoenician sailors. They were self-sufficient and we left them in peace, never telling anyone about their secret island.”
“One day you must take me there,” Soldad said. “I promise not to reveal their secret.”
“I would like to revisit the island. The people there were very kind to us,” Shalin said. “But the emperor seems to keep you occupied. I am grateful you have this time to guide me around the city before you must leave on another journey to Timbitu.”
“Henge has become a priority to the emperor and I am sure he would wish me to make myself available to your family in whatever capacity you desire,” Soldad assured her.
“Is that why you are taking the time to guide me around the city? The emperor has requested it?”
“No,” he said, taking her hand in his. “That is only a happy coincidence. You know I live to serve you.”
“If that is the case, let us find a way to convince my mother to visit Levant.”
Soldad smiled. “Done,” he said, then lowered his voice to a conspiratorial level. “I believe we both know how to accomplish that.”
“Remind my mother that is where the emperor’s grandson lives?” Shalin asked.
“You must have read my mind,” Soldad said, laughing.

Chapter 25

Kingdom of Hormu

After several days residing at the palace fortress of Hormu, Electra wished she had not promised her brother she would stay until Cogatin’s baby was born. She was anxious to return to Helsop and her school of medicine. Also, upon reflection, she found it suspicious that Dagon had acquiesced so readily to her wish to fulfill her absurd promise to her mother – to find a way for her to visit Avor.
She could not even count all the people she had deceived to bring about this meeting. Of course her mother was overjoyed to finally see her son again and meet his new family, but nothing had changed. Avor was still banished forever from Fernland, and if anything, this new child born to Avor and Cogatin would make things worse. Her mind flitted from one catastrophe to another before lodging back at one particular inconsistency. Why did Dagon want me to bring Gregor and Soren along with me?
As she walked through the echoing halls of the palace, she was happy to see Lars the Trader coming her way.
“Lars,” she called out, “you are just the person I hoped to see.”
“Oh?” he said with a smile, “And why might that be?”
“I would like you to come with me to speak with Cogatin. I need someone to translate.”
Lars tilted his head while his expression turned anxious. “I am happy to help but I am sure your brother Avor understands and speaks the Barburee tongue even better than I.”
“Yes, I know,” Electra said, moving closer and lowering her voice. “But I do not trust him to relay my words accurately, if you take my meaning.”
Lars nodded slowly. “I am afraid I do take your meaning. But why would he seek to deceive you?”
“I doubt very much that he has told Cogatin the truth about his father’s reaction to what he has done. Nor do I wish to enlighten her. But I would, at the very least, like to know if she truly welcomes my help with the birth of her child, or if this is some ruse to delay our departure on my brother’s part.”
“I see,” Lars said. “Very well, I will accompany you to her chambers if it is allowed.”
They followed a series of corridors to take them to Cogatin’s quarters in the west wing of the palace where Electra stopped to knock softly on the queen’s door.
A voice came from within and Lars said, “She says to enter.”
They walked into the luxurious room hung with silks and furs to find Cogatin sitting up in bed, sewing a tiny silk gown.
Lars spoke a few words and turned to Electra on hearing the queen’s response.
“She is happy to see you, honored sister, and says I may stay to translate.”
“Ask her if she knows I am a physician,” Electra said.
Lars came back with the queen’s reply. “She says Avor has told her all about your school of medicine and she is delighted that you will be able to stay until their child, your niece or nephew, is born.”
“Ask if she would like my assistance with the birth or if she has her own preferred midwife,” Electra said.
Lars listened to a rather lengthy response before translating. “She says she had a precious midwife who helped with the delivery of both her sons, but when she and Avor returned to the palace all her staff was gone – murdered at the hands of the Persian cutthroats. Even the cooks and servants who knew nothing of war were slain. She tells of how docile and harmless many were and yet they were killed without mercy.”
Electra had heard similar stories about the ruthlessness of Barburee so she decided to withhold any comments on which might be the worst offender. “Tell her I am very sorry for her loss and that I can stay to act as midwife if she would like. And ask her if she knows when the baby is due to arrive.”
Lars nodded as he listened to Cogatin’s long reply. “She says she thinks it will be soon – perhaps within the week, judging from her previous births. She says she is grateful for your offer to be with her as her midwife. And she says it is good that the child’s grandmother is here for the birth so that she can see Fernland’s future king if the child is a boy. She is happy that the Great Khan’s friend and ally, Fernland, has allowed their heir apparent, Prince Avor, to be regent for her child until he is free to assume his destined role as Fernland’s prince and future king. She says the Great Khan is also grateful and will likely shower Fernland with gifts.”
Electra sighed. “I thought as much,” she said. “We will not disabuse her of her fairy tale. Only tell her that I am available night or day and to send word when she feels the first pains of labor.”
Both Lars and Electra smiled reassuringly at Cogatin as they left the queen’s chambers.
“Someday Avor will tell his wife the truth, but I will not be the one to force it,” Electra told Lars.
“There seems nothing to be gained by it at this point,” Lars agreed.
“Is Phinn still planning to put on a performance here in Hormu?” she asked.
“Yes, in fact that was where I was going when you intercepted me. We were to meet with an old Barburee soldier who knows some of the myths and legends of the Mongolian people. Phinn is hoping to get an idea of what kind of performance the soldiers stationed here might enjoy. He says they will likely make up the greater part of our audience.”
“How interesting,” Electra said. “Do you mind if I go with you? I should like to hear what stories they hold dear.”
Lars smiled. “You are welcome to come, but be aware, Phinn has a way of roping people into his performances, and I am sure you would be a likely target.”

They found Phinn and the actors in the throne room of the palace where Regent Avor was translating the words of a white-haired soldier who had somehow survived into old age.
Avor turned to Phinn after listening to the old soldier. “He says their favorite story is, of course, the Saga of the Iron Warrior.”
A grin spread across Phinn’s face. “The Iron Warrior? I love it already. This is sure to be a performance they will enjoy. They did not think much of the one we put on years ago in Taz, about celebrating May Day with children dancing around the maypole.”
Avor returned his grin. “No, I do not suppose that went over well with the Barburee soldiers.” He listened to the old soldier as he began to recount the Myth of the Iron Warrior.
After listening for a few minutes, Avor held up his hand to call for a temporary halt.
“This appears to be a very long and complicated story,” Lars whispered in Electra’s ear.
Avor began his translation of the story in a very strong and military tone of voice.
“A young warrior called the Iron Warrior decided one day that he would find a wife. So he cut into his side with a sharp knife and pulled out a book, and he read this book for three days and three nights and learned that there were several chiefs in a faraway land and the eldest of these chiefs had many daughters and the youngest of his daughters was destined to be the wife of the Iron Warrior. So the iron warrior turned his horse into flint and put the flint horse into his stomach.”
Avor paused before continuing. “Then the Iron Warrior boiled the flesh of ten sheep in one great kettle and compacted them all into the space of one sheep. Then he distilled ten pots of alcohol into one pot of alcohol.”
Phinn held up his hand in a stop gesture. “Perhaps we do not need to hear the whole myth. Just a summary, perhaps?”
Avor smiled and shook his head. “The soldier says it is very important that the story be told in full.”

Chapter 26

Palace of Hormu

An hour after Prince Avor had begun translating the Tale of the Iron Warrior, the story finally came to an end.
Electra was not sure she had followed all the twists and turns which had included many fights, wrestling matches, deceptions and disguises, but the warrior did finally succeed in marrying the wife destined for him.
Phinn seemed half asleep and overwhelmed with information.
Avor appeared to be amused by the whole event. “Have we given you enough to work with?” he asked a dazed Phinn.
“More than enough,” Phinn said. “Perhaps we could take up the last bit where the hero is covered with boils and locked in a barrel with nine evil spirits after him before he breaks free to conquer – who was it again he conquered?” Phinn shook his head. “Perhaps we could just put on a magic show with an impromptu appearance of the Iron Warrior?”
“I am sure you will sort it out,” Avor said. “But do not make your magic appear too real. They tend to be a superstitious people.”
Phinn looked at his fellow actors and asked for suggestions.
“It’s a good story,” his friend Tom said. “I liked the part where ninety wolves gnaw him out of his barrel at the bottom of the sea.”
Tom’s wife Angie spoke up. “And I liked the cuckoo bird that asked him why he turned himself into a disgusting old man with boils. Why not appear young and handsome to the girl he wanted to marry?”
“Yes,” Phinn said, “there were certainly some exciting parts, but it would take several days of performances to cover all that material.”
Phinn’s wife Juanita spoke next. “You could just do the beginning scene, then bring down the curtain and have the sounds of a lot of fighting and mountains and valleys being created and maybe have a wolf run by chasing a barrel, and then open the curtain for the last scene, where he meets his brother and marries the chief’s daughter.”
Bear gave his views on the subject. “Those Barburee soldiers are gonna want to see their hero fighting all them Mongolian evil spirits with the ax he stole.”
Phinn sighed. “Yes, of course they will, but we need to pare it down a bit. I think we all know who should play the part of the Iron Warrior.” He looked at big Smiles. “Smiles, you were made for the part. And I can see myself as one of the evil Mongatai spirits.”
So far as Electra could see there was only one female character needed – the chief’s daughter, who could be played by any of the actresses in the troupe. She turned to Lars the Trader.
“I believe I will not be needed to take a part in this performance,” Electra told Lars.”I think I will go have a word with my brother.”
 Lars smiled. “Your brother’s situation is almost as complicated as the Iron Warrior’s saga.”
Electra nodded in agreement. She skirted the acting troupe, still deep in discussions about their upcoming performance, and tapped her brother on the shoulder.
Avor shifted his attention to his sister. “Our soldiers are going to love this performance,” he said, grinning.
“With help from Lars, I spoke to Cogatin,” she said.
Avor’s grin vanished. “About what?” he asked.
“Mainly about the upcoming birth,” Electra replied.
Her brother’s tight shoulders seemed to relax a bit as Electra continued. “She mentioned that if the child is a son, he will be the future King of Fernland, after you, his father.”
Avor’s shoulders tightened once again. “I suppose such a thing is possible.”
“It would be rather unlikely, do you not suppose? I mean since you are now Regent of Hormu?”
“The regency will end when Altan reaches maturity,” Avor said.
Electra shook her head. “Father does not approve of your close ties to the Great Khan. You must be aware of that.”
Avor shrugged. “He may come to see the benefits of my relationship with Barburee in time. In any case, I felt I had no choice. I love Cogatin and now I love her sons as well.”
Electra was quiet for a moment. “What do you hear of the fighting in China? Will the Great Khan be victorious there?”
“Yes,” Avor said, “I believe he will. And now that Bataar has taken a Chinese wife, I believe that the rule of a new dynasty is becoming more entrenched.”
“His Chinese wife yet lives?” Electra asked, still fearful that Odval might try to kill her husband’s second wife.
Avor frowned. “Yes, as far as I know. I still have trouble believing Odval really tried to kill you when Bataar offered you the position of second wife. Could Serafina not have been mistaken about the poison on Odval’s sister wife gift?”
“No, she was not mistaken. No doubt Bataar has taken precautions to keep the two wives separated.”
“I do not know. I have had a message from Bataar inviting me to visit him at his new palace in northern China,” Avor said.
Electra was alarmed by the news. “It could be dangerous to go where the fighting is ongoing.”
Avor shrugged. “All the world is dangerous. But just now I have too much to do here in Hormu to even consider going either to Fernland or China.”
“Then in that at least, I can take comfort,” Electra said.
“And what of your own situation in Helsop?” Avor asked. “All is peaceful there?”
“I hope so,” Electra said, “though I am concerned of late that Dagon granted me permission to come on this mission with no argument.”
Avor smiled. “That is unusual?”
“It is unprecedented,” Electra said. “But that is not what has me even more on edge and eager to return.”
Avor looked concerned when he asked, “What has you uneasy?”
“Dagon said, ‘Perhaps you should take Gregor and Soren with you.’”
Avor nodded slowly. “Yes, I see what you mean.”

Chapter 27

Port of Taz

Haddad the Shipbuilder, now Admiral of Fernland’s Fleet, had set out to return to Fernland aboard the Sea Sprite now that he had completed his mission to sell his dangerous cargo to Constantinople’s emperor. His cargo of weapons had been safely stored away in Constantinople and the emperor’s payment in gold coins safely stored away in his cabin. No matter that Fernland had only one ship, or that the Sea Sprite was a ship shared among three kingdoms, actually two and a half because Helsop was not yet large enough or prestigious enough to be called a kingdom. His loyalty rested firmly with his commander-in-chief, King Geoffrey. He had sworn an oath.
He supposed he would be sent to Henge upon his return to Fernland as it would be Henge’s turn next to send out a cargo of weapons to be sold at ports along the Great Sea. Of course if Emperor Licinius of Constantinople had his wish, all weapons from Fernland, Henge and Helsop would be sold to Constantinople.
None of that was Haddad’s concern or decision to make. His first loyalty had to be to King Geoffrey, but that did not necessarily negate a certain responsibility to his homeland of Taz, he reasoned. In fact, he assured himself, maintaining a close relationship with Taz was in Fernland’s best interest since a remnant of the Great Khan’s Army was still stationed at Taz and should be monitored.
With these thoughts firmly organized in his mind, Haddad made the decision to allow himself a quick stop at Taz before returning to Fernland. He would be able to see his extended family and learn their news from his brother Physician Rabar, now promoted to the position of Caliph.
Haddad found his disposition much improved after making this logical decision and it was with great confidence that he now entered the harbor of the gleaming white marble city of Taz.
All his crew of Fernland’s sailors had their roots in Taz, though some had been born in Fernland. They were all excited to spend time with family members who had chosen to return to their homeland.
The Sea Sprite was new to some in Taz though others had worked on the building of the ship while still living in Fernland and many were on hand to welcome the ship to Taz, knowing extended family members would likely be aboard as crew.
Haddad saw his brother Caliph Rabar among those gathered ashore and waved to him.
As soon as the anchor was set, a swarm of shore boats surrounded the Sea Sprite. Haddad climbed down into one of the boats and was quickly deposited on shore to a waiting crowd of welcoming relatives.
“Caliph Rabar,” Haddad said, smiling at his brother. “Are you keeping well?”
Rabar smiled. “Much better now you are here with news of the world. Come home with me. Sophia will be happy to spoil you.”
Haddad smiled in return remembering that his brother’s wife was an excellent cook.

As soon as the two men were settled in Rabar’s office, with full stomachs and news of the family attended to, Rabar was ready to discuss some of his foremost concerns.“We have finished the ship for Prince Avor and he has kept his promise to supply us with lumber enough for five more ships that we may add to our fleet or sell for money or barter,” Caliph Rabar said.
“This is good then, no?” Haddad asked.
Rabar nodded, but his face remained set in worry. “Yes, it is good. But General Uengen still brings us the meat of a slaughtered sheep now and again, as though we are still the Great Khan’s responsibility. That means they view all we own as the Great Khan’s possessions, other than the fleet of ships we arrived with. That also means the Great Khan could decide to take anything we build here in Taz at his discretion.”
“So, best to deliver Avor’s ship without delay,” Haddad reasoned.
“Yes, and also best to have another place to display our new ships as we complete them for sale or trade,” Rabar said. “Besides the danger of having the Great Khan suddenly requisition them, we have very few potential buyers stopping here as long as a partial Barburee force remains and we are viewed as a servant nation.”
Haddad nodded slowly. “I believe it would be in King Geoffrey’s best interest to allow the new ships to be displayed at King’s Lake for a small fee. He may even decide to purchase one himself since his own fleet now consists of only one shared ship – the one I arrived on.”
Rabar smiled. “I had hoped you would share my same feelings on the matter.” He paused for a moment. “Do you think King Geoffrey would hold it against us that we are doing business with his ostracized son Prince Avor?”
Haddad shrugged. “Perhaps if he knew, but I see no reason to tell him,” Haddad said. “The fact that you still wish to do business with Fernland should reassure him.”
Caliph Rabar’s shoulders relaxed at his brother’s comforting words. “Enough of business then. How long will you be able to stay?”
“I had thought to stay only a day, but now I feel the need to check on the situation in Hormu. No one knows what I am about to tell you and it is only by chance that I know.” He leaned in closer and lowered his voice. “Queen Delphinia sailed out of Fernland on a ship bound for Constantinople, supposedly bound to visit the mint in Constantinople since King Geoffrey is considering building one in Fernland. King Geoffrey is selling explosive armaments abroad as he has a surplus and will soon become quite wealthy.” He paused before revealing the most important secret. “But I saw Queen Delphinia change ships out of view of the watchtower in Fernland. She boarded the Prince Avor to join Phinn the Ambassador and Princess Electra and I suspect they were on their way to visit Prince Avor in Hormu.”
“Why would Queen Delphinia and Princess Electra do such a thing in defiance of King Geoffrey’s break with his son?” Rabar asked.
“A mother’s love,” Haddad concluded.
“Yes, I see,” Rabar said, nodding. “That makes sense. Such a visit must take place in secret. But what do you hope to learn by going there to Hormu?”
“I should like to know if Prince Avor is content with his role as Regent to the Crown Prince or if he seeks to regain his birth right by some means. I see it as my duty as Fernland’s admiral. He has requisitioned a ship. What does he plan to do with it?”
“Yes, I see your point. He did attempt to sway us to his side by offering good terms and his protection. But I hardly think he has any kind of rebellion against his father in mind. Though his choice to marry into Barburee royalty was in itself a rebellion of sorts.”
Haddad agreed. “Yes, I would also wish to make sure Queen Delphinia intends to return to Fernland and has not decided to stay and live with her son in Hormu.”
“I could not imagine that as a possibility,” Rabar said. “And I know that if her daughter Electra is with her she will advise her mother against such a notion.”
“Yes,” Haddad agreed. “But I could use the excuse of delivering his new ship to Avor in Hormu to find out what is happening there at the palace.”
“Certainly,” Caliph Rabar said, “though Queen Delphinia may be reluctant to show her face during your visit.”
Haddad shrugged. “Secrets will often out themselves when opportunity presents.”

Chapter 28

City of Constantinople

Serafina sat at her customary place in the Imperial Library with a stack of scrolls and ancient diaries within easy reach. Himerius walked toward her with an arm full of journals written around the time of Archimedes. He put down his codices with a thud.
“I believe the ‘death ray’ with which Archimedes was said to have vanquished an enemy fleet of ships may actually have been the first use of Greek fire,” he said. “See here in this journal from one of his contemporaries.”
Himerius opened the journal and turned it to his chosen passage.
Serafina translated the passage silently to herself.
It is believed a long metal tube was used to shoot hollowed-out clay balls. These balls were filled with incendiary material and propelled by the power of steam. Such a device was capable of launching these balls five hundred feet on a flat trajectory to explode on impact.
Serafina looked up at Himerius. “This device would have been similar to the delivery system we have re-created based on an ancient diagram.”
Himerius seemed proud of his discovery. “I have made a list of all the ingredients that have been suggested or experimented with over time as possible components of the explosives used to fill the clay balls.”
Serafina looked at his list: liquid oil, naphtha, pitch from used torches, sulfur, resin, quicklime, bitumen, niter, nectar and alcohol.
“I found an interesting anecdote in one of the ancient descriptions of the worship of Roman gods,” Serafina said.. “It is said that Bacchus priestesses dipped fire into water and it was not quenched, using a mixture of sulfur and lime.”
Himerius wrinkled his nose at this information. “Nonsense – all of that Roman idol-worship.”
Serafina raised an eyebrow. “From as early as two thousand years ago, I have seen accounts from Assyria that speak of combustibles heaved from a catapult over the walls of the castle,” Serafina asserted.
“Yes,” Himerius agreed. “There was talk of an unquenchable green-flamed fire coming out of Heliopoli  in Assyria thousands of years ago.”
Serafina took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I believe I now have enough information to begin my own experiments.”
“You would try the mixture yourself?” Himerius asked. “That sounds a dangerous business.”
Serafina shrugged. “It is the way of science. At some point, theories must be put to the test.”

Late in the afternoon, back at the villa, Esme and Shalin compared their day’s activities.
“I saw the old wall of the original fishing village that comprised the whole of Constantinople many thousands of years ago,” Shalin reported. “How must it have been to live in such a time, when land was free for the taking,” Shalin said.
“Likely very dull and lonely, though the original city sounds rather like a description of Helsop.” Esme smiled at her own joke. “My day seems to me more productive. I believe I have mastered the proportions of an elephant. I now have to master the art of mixing paints to obtain the exact colors of their skin.”
“I think Mother may be close to gathering the mixture she hopes will produce Greek Fire,” Shalin said. “I fear she may wish to return to Henge soon.”
“I do not see that as a bad thing,” Esme said. 
Shalin worried her bottom lip with her teeth. “We are so close here to some of the cities I long to visit. I wish I could find a way to head further east before returning to Henge.”
“I think our work here is done,” Esme argued. “We allowed ourselves to be examined by the Emperor’s grandnephew and no marriage proposal was forthcoming.”
Shalin smiled. “Soldad says Boris found us both charming but rather focused on our own interests,” she reported. “I believe he might be more interested in wedding someone focused on his interests.”
Esme laughed. “A pity,” she said. “I read his mind, you know. “He thought we were both quite strange and would only consider proposing marriage should it become necessary to obtain the weapons Henge has to offer. But he has the impression that Henge is content to sell to his emperor without requiring marital ties.”
“Yes,” Shalin said, hesitating. “But that still leaves the grandson in Levant as a possibility. Would you be willing to make a side trip to Levant if I could promise you that if any proposal were forthcoming, it would be for my hand in marriage rather than yours?”
“How could you assure that?” Esme asked. “Are we back to feigning madness with me the only deranged sister?”
“I do not know yet. I would have to meet the grandson and determine his likes and dislikes.”
“And I would then embody his list of dislikes?” Esme asked.
“More or less,” Shalin agreed.
Esme shrugged. “I had not expected to enjoy Constantinople as much as I have, so I suppose I could keep an open mind about the Levant.”
Shalin smiled. “Now we only need to persuade Mother that Father would be disappointed if we did not complete our assessment of the emperor’s family for possible matrimonial ties.”
“That should not be difficult,” Esme said, “since she has already given Father her promise to look into the possibilities.”

That evening at the de Medich villa, Serafina announced to Soldad and the twins that she had completed her search for references to Greek fire in the Imperial Library.
“That leaves only our research of the Imperial Family for marriageable bachelors then, before we may return home to Henge,” Shalin said with a neutral expression.
Soldad raised an eyebrow at that declaration. Shalin could see Soldad thought she was being too direct, but he did not know, as Shalin did, that her mother was not fond of subtlety. 
“I do not feel we need follow that trail to its end,” Serafina said with a skeptical glance in Shalin’s direction. “I wish to begin experiments as soon as possible with the most likely components.”
“And yet we are so near to Syria,” Shalin said. “It seems a shame to waste the opportunity.”
“Syria, formerly known as Assyria? Serafina asked. “That is where the emperor’s grandson resides?”
“Yes,” Shalin said enthusiastically. “The headquarters for Levant’s government lies in Damascus, the most ancient of cities.”
“Assyria was believed by some to be the birthplace of the original Greek fire, some thousands of years ago,” Serafina said.
“They are said to have a fine library in Damascus,” Soldad offered.
“Damascus,” Serafina murmured. “What interest have you in Damascus?” she asked Shalin. She narrowed her eyes as she said, “And please do not tell me your interest is in the emperor’s grandson.”
Shalin shrugged. “It is close to the place where astrologers claimed ownership of my ring a dozen years ago. And it is the oldest city in the world. I believe there is a good chance my ring was made there.”
Serafina looked at Soldad. “Are you free to guide us as far as Damascus?”
Soldad smiled. “It would be my great honor to do so.”

Chapter 29

Palace Fortress of Hormu

The day had finally arrived in the palace courtyard of Hormu. Phinn and his acting troupe were about to begin their production of the Adventures of the Iron Warrior based on an old, but revered, Mongolian folktale.
The Barburee soldiers still bivouacked near Hormu’s palace had come in high numbers to view this performance.
Electra watched from a bench near the back, giving up the closer seats to the enthusiastic military men. Queen Delphinia sat next to her.
The opening scene where the Iron Warrior produced the book from his side and began assembling the things he would need for his journey to claim his destined wife in a faraway village, was met with polite appreciation. It was only when evil versions of Mongatai spirits began their attacks that the audience was moved to passionate responses.
As yet another manifestation of the evil Mongatai spirit – played by Phinn – approached the Iron Warrior – played by Smiles – to do him harm, the audience erupted in noisy shouts of encouragement for their hero, and foot stomping and oaths for the villainous Mongatai.
The Iron Warrior made quick work of the evil spirit, dispatching him with his stolen ax.
“How many evil spirits will he have to kill?” Delphinia asked her daughter.
“It seems there is no end to them, does it not?” Electra said, suppressing a smile.
“The Iron Warrior certainly has the support of the audience,” Delphinia noted.
One of the servants of Queen Cogatin’s household approached Electra and bowed before her.
Electra smiled, knowing the servant was unlikely to speak English.
The servant crossed her arms and made swaying movements with her body as though she were rocking a baby to sleep.
“Cogatin?” Electra asked.
The servant nodded forcefully and pointed toward the west wing of the palace where Cogatin’s bedroom was located.
“I believe she is trying to tell me Cogatin is about to give birth,” Electra told her mother. “I will have to go to her.”
Queen Delphinia did not even cast a final glance at the stage where Phinn was once again attempting to sneak up on the Iron Warrior. “I will go with you,” Delphinia said.

The two women followed the rushing servant into the castle, up marble stairs, down painted corridors and to the door of Queen Cogatin’s bedchamber.
“Take that chair over there against the wall,” Electra told her mother. “Your presence in the room might make Cogatin uncomfortable.”
Delphinia did as her daughter ordered.
Electra entered the room quietly. She could see that Cogatin was in pain and began counting silently as soon as she saw the pain decrease.
Electra held up three fingers as she smiled at Cogatin, not knowing if her patient would understand she was implying three minutes between contractions.
Cogatin tried to return Electra’s smile and reached out to hold Electra’s hand.
Electra took Cogatin’s hand and mimicked a dramatic deep breath. Cogatin mirrored her actions.
Electra looked at the servant girl who had preceded her into the room and called her aside. She whispered the word “Avor” in the girl’s ear.
The girls shook her head violently and pointed to Cogatin, then to her own mouth and shook her head again.
Electra pulled the girl out the door, closing it behind her. She pointed to where her mother sat, and went over to slap the chair which sat next to her mother. As she slapped the chair, she said again, “Avor.”
The servant girl nodded and took off at a run.
“I need Avor here to tell me the Barburee words for a few orders I may need to give,” Electra explained to her mother.
Delphinia nodded. “I wish I could be more help to you,” she said.
“I know you will be a help to Avor,” Electra said. “Cogatin does not want him in the room but he will want to be close by, I am sure. And he will be afraid for his wife.”
“Yes, I will try to reassure him,” Delphinia said, seemingly pleased with this duty.

Electra returned to her patient and hummed a lullaby as she smoothed the hair around Cogatin’s face, rubbed Cogatin’s back and checked the position of the baby within the womb.
When Electra heard a gentle knock she moved quietly to open the door a crack. A pale-faced Avor stood just outside, trying to see what was happening inside.
Electra quickly slipped through the door closing it behind her.
“It is time,” Electra said. “You will soon welcome your child into the world.”
“I need to see Cogatin,” Avor said.
“Cogatin does not wish to see you until the baby is born,” Electra said in a voice that brooked no argument. “But you will be able to help her by helping me. What is the Barburee word for ‘push’ she asked?”
“Tulkhekh,” Avor said, still looking as though he might try to ‘tulkhekh’ past her to see his wife.
And what are the words for now rest?” Electra asked.
“Adoo amarna,” Avor said.
“Good,” Electra said. “I will tell you if there is any problem, I promise. Now please sit with mother. She is very anxious about the birth of her grandchild.”
Avor glanced at his mother who did indeed seem anxious with a sheen of perspiration on her brow and a rumpled handkerchief in her hands.
“You promise you will tell me if any problem arises? However small?” Avor said.
“I promise,” Electra said, moving quickly to enter the queen’s chambers and close the door behind her.
Electra held Cogatin’s hand through another painful contraction and tried to judge the baby’s progress, rehearsing the Barburee words she would soon need, over and over in her mind.

An hour later Electra issued her first command of ‘tulkhekh’ and Cogatin nodded to show she understood. Matters progressed quickly after that and Electra was grateful this was not Cogatin’s first childbirth; first births tended to proceed more slowly.
When the baby arrived, Electra patted the infant’s back until the child emitted a ragged cry, then quickly cut the cord and cleaned the tiny girl before handing her to her mother to hold.
When the afterbirth was seen to, Electra took the newborn from her mother and checked the infant for any signs of distress or abnormality. The newborn appeared healthy and her skin had turned a robust shade of pink.
Electra pointed to the door with one hand while holding the infant with the other.
“Avor?” she asked Cogatin.
Cogatin smiled and nodded.
Electra opened the door and looked at her brother who appeared to be almost paralyzed with worry.
“You have a beautiful daughter,” she said. “Would you like to come in and congratulate your wife?”
Avor looked hopeful, but still wary. “No problems?” he asked.
“None at all. An easy birth,” Electra assured him.
As Avor stood, his mother stood with him. They both entered the room and gazed with wonder at the new small life Electra held in her arms.
Avor rushed to his wife’s side while Delphinia kept gazing at the infant girl.
“My first granddaughter,” Delphinia said. “May I hold her?”
“For a minute,” Electra said. “Then we must return her to her mother and father.”

Chapter 30

Village of Helsop

Dag was in the midst of packing what he would need for a week’s travel with his mentor, Maki the Scout, and his militia leader, Dagon, when his brother Timor walked in.
“Are you going somewhere?” Timor asked.
Yes, I am going with Maki and Dagon on another scouting mission,” Dag said.
“Have  more Vagan ships been sighted?” Timor asked.
“I am not allowed to say,” Dag said.
“In troth?” Timor asked, surprised.
“Yes, in troth,” Dag said. “And I have a favor to ask.”
“And what might that be?” Timor’s expression was wary, as though Dag’s words had unsettled him.
“I need you to keep Fang locked in the shed while I am gone. And keep Skadi with her. They will both try to follow me if they get out, even if the scent is several days old.”
Timor stared at his younger brother for a moment. “All right,” he finally said. “How long do you expect to be gone?”
“No more than a week of days,” Dag assured him.
“Will you tell Mother?” Timor asked.
“No, she will soon figure it out for herself by noting who is missing from the village, but I am leaving now, without telling anyone else.”
“Do you have all you need?” Timor asked.
“Yes, we will need to travel light and move quickly,” Dag said.
His brother gave him a big hug. “Safe travels to you, brother.”
“Thank you. Fang is in the shed now, along with Skadi. They have food and water for a week but they would appreciate some visits if you have the time.”
“I will make the time,” Timor promised.

Dag met Dagon and Maki the Scout at the stables. Each carried a small pack, about the size of his own. They would carry pieces of dried fish, rice and greens, as he did, in addition to a gourd for water, flints and candles to light the darkness and furs for warmth.
“We will ride only as far as our last outpost and go on foot from there,” Dagon said.
“Have you secured Fang?” Maki the Scout asked.
Dag nodded. “She is locked in our shed. Timor will look in on her while we are gone.”
“Good,” Maki said. “She could give us away without meaning to, if we come across a Vagan camp.”
Dag thought his dog Fang was smart enough to go silent if she smelled Vagans, but he knew better than to argue with his mentor Maki, so he simply nodded.
They adjusted their packs on their saddles, mounted up and rode quietly out of the village toward Cold Lake. It would take them two days’ travel to reach the last outpost where they would leave their horses to go on foot another day’s journey or more to look for any signs of Vagan ships.
Word from the outposts was that glimpses of ships had been seen of late from the last outpost and the militia men manning the outpost felt they were being watched from the water.

After two days’ hard riding, the three men reached the last outpost. They dismounted gratefully and turned over their horses to the militia men who had come out to meet them.
“Any news?” Dagon asked.
“A few sightings,” Deimos said. “Come into our shack and have some hot soup. We will tell you what signs we have seen.”
Dag was so grateful to hear the words “hot soup” he wanted to hug Deimos. But of course he would never really do such a thing while on a mission. He knew Deimos had been sent out several days ago to assess the threat. The fact that he thought the threat real was enough to move Dagon to action.
As they all sat down on cots that were meant for sleeping in addition to sitting, Deimos ladled out bowls of hot soup full of big chunks of fresh fish.
“This morning as the sun came up we saw the silhouette of a Vagan ship trying to get out of range before it could be spotted. The sails were down and the Vagans aboard were manning the oars.”
“Do you think they had been ashore?” Dagon asked. “Any footprints?”
“I checked,” Deimos said. “But my not finding them does not mean there were none. There are rocky beaches to the east where footprints would be hard to see.”
Dag wished again that he had been allowed to bring Fang, but held his tongue.
“Any indication that they are massing for an attack?” Dagon asked.
“Not so far,” Deimos said, “but the fact that they are trying to avoid notice makes me suspicious. The ice is gone now. Spring has come and they should be able to fish their own waters. Why are they here instead? And why do we see no signs of fishing?”
Dagon nodded. “We will go another two days from here on foot. If there are more, we should see them before they see us.”
Deimos nodded. “I will go with you.”
“No, stay here, in case they attack the outpost,” Dagon said. “You will need to send riders to warn the village. Have you exploding arrows enough to fend them off before you make your escape?”
“Yes,” Deimos said. “We have enough to sink several ships before we leave.”
“Good,” Dagon said. “We will rest here for a few hours, then continue on to see what lies to the east. Use our horses if the need arises. We will find our way back to Helsop on foot if the horses are gone or the outpost overrun.”
Deimos nodded and left them to sleep.

A few hours later, Maki shook Dag awake. “Come,” he said. “We still have several hours of light left and a short night ahead.”
They took off at a brisk walking pace with Maki in the lead. Dag looked for any signs of recent use along the trail and found signs of wolves and the scat of the great white bears that lived this far north.
The sun would not set for many hours yet and the night would last for only a few hours before the sun rose once again in the east. These spring days were long and bright.
They walked until dusk with no sign of Vagan ships either close to shore or on the water.
Wrapped in furs they huddled together for warmth but did not make a fire as they closed their eyes and rested until dawn.
As the sun rose they resumed their brisk pace, eating small balls of rice and fish as they walked.
Coming over a rise in the trail, Maki crouched and signaled a halt. Dagon and Dag crawled up to where Maki had flattened himself on the trail.
There in the distance they saw what they had hoped never to see. A flotilla of perhaps a hundred Vagan ships were bunched together in a cove protected on two sides by rocky cliffs.
The three men slithered back down the trail until they were hidden from view.
“Shall we try to get closer to gather more information?” Maki asked Dagon.
“No. We already know all we need to know,” Dagon said. “They are massing for an attack and Helsop is the obvious target. We need to return to the village as fast as we are able, notify our allies and prepare.”
With no more conversation the three men took off back down the trail at a jog.

Chapter 31

North Shore of Cold Lake


  Dag worried over Dagon and Maki. They were older than he by many years and the pace Maki had set was wearing. But none of the three complained. If anything, Dagon seemed concerned that they were not going fast enough, looking back over his shoulder to search the empty lake with his eyes.
When the short night finally fell, Maki called a halt and they wrapped themselves in furs right there on the trail for a few hours of rest.
The next day they reached the last outpost and Deimos ran out to meet them.
“Any signs?” he asked.
“They are massing two days’ trek away,” Dagon said, catching his breath. “Over a hundred ships. Break camp and mount up. We have not a moment to spare.”
The outpost’s four men rushed to pack their supplies. The Vagans had surely spotted the outpost and might decide to come ashore to kill and raid before sailing on to Helsop.
“Leave a fire burning,” Dagon ordered. “I want them to waste time coming ashore to raid the outpost if they begin their approach soon.”
Within minutes the militia men were on their way to the next outpost where they would gather up the men there and ride on.

The group that galloped into Helsop included all the men from outposts along the way.
Dag was sent immediately to find Tandor and bring him to militia headquarters. He found Tandor at his father’s forge and relayed the urgent order. “You must come with me at once to militia headquarters. Dagon is waiting.”
Tandor handed over his blacksmith’s tongs to his father Dorian, took off his heavy apron and swung himself up onto the saddle behind Dag. “What is the emergency?” he asked Dag as they galloped to the small wooden building that comprised militia headquarters.
“The Vagans are coming in force,” Dag said.
Dag felt Tandor’s grip tightened on his shoulders.
“How long?” Tandor asked.
“We do not know, but we think they might attack soon,” Dag answered.
Tandor jumped down from the horse as soon as they reached headquarters.
Dag tied his horse to a hitching rail and ran inside to get his own next orders.
Tandor stood in front of Dagon’s desk as the commander continued speaking. “You must leave at once,” Dagon said, blotting the ink on a small scroll. He sealed the rolled scroll with a bit of wax from the candle on his desk and marked it with the impression of his ring.
Dagon handed the scroll to Tandor saying, “Ride like the wind, my friend.”
Tandor was out the door before his militia commander finished his sentence.
Dagon looked next at his nephew Dag. “Tandor will take the message to King Geoffrey but I think we will go ourselves to beg for King Blackwell’s help,” Dagon said. “Can you ride? Tell me truthfully if you need rest.”
“I can ride,” Dag said. He wondered if Dagon was being truthful himself – surely his uncle needed rest more than Dag did.
“Then get a fresh horse for each of us while I give orders to Deimos,” Dagon said.

A few minutes later, Dag could hear Deimos shouting orders to the militia men. “Send all traders out of the village. Tell them invaders are coming. Gather up all food, animals and people inside the castle walls. Leave nothing outside the walls for the Vagans.”
Dag took a moment to visit Fang and Skadi, who could not contain their joy on seeing Dag. They danced about him, licking his hands and face.  “I am sorry, but you will have to stay inside the castle walls, while I am gone. I will be home soon.”
Dag knew the dogs could not understand his words, but it made him feel better to speak them.
Dag’s mother Isa came into the house as Dag was refreshing his pack. She rushed to hug her son. “But you have just returned – where are you packing to go now?”
“We go to beg King Blackwell’s help,” Dag told her. “Dagon thinks the Vagans will attack us within a few days. Will you make sure Fang and Skadi go inside the castle walls and do not follow me? They will kill themselves trying to keep pace with the horses.”
“Of course,” Isa said. “Make sure you do not kill yourself in much the same way.”
Dag smiled. “Your worry would be better spent on your brother. Dagon is going as well.”
Isa just shook her head. “You are both too hard on your bodies.”
“Hopefully we will return with an army. That should slow us down a bit.”
Isa smiled.
Dag gave his mother a final hug and ran out the door where two horses waited.
When Dag reached the castle grounds, militia men were already assigning tasks to the villagers and filling every available vessel with water from the river.
Dagon nodded when his nephew rode up with an extra horse and waved as he ran forward with his pack. He stopped to say a few words to Deimos before slapping his friend’s shoulder and racing to mount up.
“You have said your goodbyes?” Dagon asked.
“I have,” Dag assured him. He suddenly realized his militia leader had no family left in Helsop to bid farewell and supposed he was glad of it. He wondered what Esme was up to at that moment, far off in Constantinople and he realized he was glad she was not here to see the Vagans attack. In spite of her bravado he knew she had a soft heart and would feel, like Electra, sorry to see anyone wounded and in pain.
They were soon out of the village, along with a steady stream of traders, and on their way to Henge.
Dag wondered what argument Dagon would use to convince King Blackwell to send his formidable army to Helsop’s aid. Likely the truth should be enough. With Helsop allied now with both Henge and Fernland in the production of exploding weapons, Blackwell would not like to find himself cut off from purchasing the metal canisters that held his explosives.
While it was true that the largest part of their iron ore now came from Henge, it was the Helsop blacksmiths that held the knowledge and equipment capable of turning the iron ore into metal canisters to hold the volatile mixture of the exploding hand balls.

Dagon and Dag intercepted several miners bringing carts filled with iron ore from Henge to Helsop. Dagon told them to wait in place until he returned from Henge. They rode on over the well-marked road taking advantage of a full moon to continue riding through the short night. As the sun rose they rushed into Henge’s castle. Now that they were allies their presence was not challenged by the castle guards.
King Blackwell was eating his breakfast alone at the large dining table. He looked up and smiled, but only briefly as he seemed to take in the haggard expressions and rumpled attire of his guests.
“What has happened?” King Blackwell demanded.
“Vagan pirates,” Dagon answered. “They are massing in Cold Lake, ready to attack.”
King Blackwell seemed relieved to hear the news. He likely feared more to hear something had happened to his family, which was still in Constantinople.
“Sit down and eat,” he ordered. “You look ready to drop from fatigue.”
Dag and Dagon took chairs as ordered. “We could use Henge’s help,” Dagon said. “We have limited supplies of exploding powder, though we do have a great many canisters on hand.”
Dagon knew the canisters belonged to Blackwell, who planned to sell them for a large profit, but he left that unsaid.
King Blackwell pursed his lips, considering his own interests, but only for a moment. “I will ready my army,” he said, rising from the table.
On his way out the door, Blackwell stuck his head into the open door of the kitchen. “We have guests. Bring them some food.”
Dagon took a deep breath and smiled at Dag. “He is a reasonable man.”

Chapter 32

Kingdom of Henge

Dag and Dagon wolfed down the meal set in front of them and ran out the door to speak to the Helsop miners still at work digging out the rich iron ore from Henge’s open pits.
Dagon found Steig, Headman of Hammer Haven, standing near a pit looking out at all the activity around Henge’s army barracks.
“Is Henge under attack?” Steig asked Dagon.
“No, but Helsop is under attack,” Dagon replied.
“What?”
“Vagan ships are massing three days out on Cold Lake,” Dagon said. “King Blackwell has agreed to send his army to our aid.”
Steig threw down his shovel. “We of Hammer Haven will go ahead of the army,” he declared.
Dag knew all the blacksmiths and miners from Hammer Haven who had resettled in Helsop hated the Vagans with a passion that bordered on madness. The Vagans had raided their former village and enslaved all the people there. The men were forced to use their skills to mine and forge tools and weapons for the Vagans while their women and children served the Vagans in their stolen castle.
It was only when Dagon and a few of his men heard of what had happened to their distant relatives, that the village of Hammer Haven had been set free to join their distant kin in Helsop.
“You may go ahead if you like,” Dagon said, “but do not become separated from those who carry the explosives.”
“Aye, that,” Steig agreed. He cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted out to his fellow miners. “Who among you wants to take a short break from mining to kill a few Vagan pirates?”
The men all raised their shovels and hammers high over their heads in a resounding shout of agreement.
“Come along then,” Steig yelled. “We will march in front of King Blackwell’s army back to Helsop where the Vagans are mounting their attack.”
The miners seemed delirious with joy at the prospect. They ran to the army barracks to collect items they might need, carrying their hammers and iron pry bars with them, now as weapons rather than tools.

Carts were emptied of iron ore and used to carry the army’s exploding hand balls and exploding arrow packets.
Storerooms were emptied of food which was loaded into more carts to follow the soldiers into war. A spirit of high adventure took over both the infantry and the cavalry. For too long theirs had been an army free of battles.
Dagon and Dag found King Blackwell giving orders to his officers. Even the king, usually loathe to put his army in harm’s way, seemed enthusiastic about teaching the Vagans a lesson.
“Just remember these weapons are valuable,” he cautioned his officers. “Do not throw ten exploding hand balls when one will accomplish the job. If we find the Vagans still aboard their ships, we will destroy them and their ships where they stand. If we find them already scaling the walls, we will ride under their ladders and leave them for the Helsop men to finish off. Use discretion. We march within the hour.”
Dagon smiled at King Blackwell. “Well said. The miners from Hammer Haven have asked for the privilege of marching ahead of the army. They have old wounds to avenge.”
King Blackwell frowned. “They may march ahead until we reach Helsop. Then I will assess the situation we find there. They must obey my orders. If possible, I will allow them their revenge.”
“Most reasonable,” Dagon agreed. “I will inform them.”
King Blackwell’s stern countenance relaxed enough to allow a small smile. “Those Vagans have short memories. Do they not remember what happened the last time they attacked?”
“I suppose those that might have best remembered died that night along with their memories,” Dagon said.
Dag hoped they might go into more detail about the battle that he did not remember, but they parted ways then to supervise the preparations of their own men.

As King Blackwell’s Army was moving out in strength to fight the Vagans, Tandor was just arriving in Fernland with Dagon’s message to King Geoffrey in hand.
Tandor was dizzy from lack of sleep, but still managed to gallop over Fernland’s drawbridge and up to the steps of the castle where he jumped down from his horse and waved his scroll at a palace guardsman stationed by the door of the castle.
“I have an urgent message from Headman Dagon to King Geoffrey.”
The guardsman gestured Tandor forward. “The king is in court today. Come with me to the throne room and we will ask permission to interrupt the proceedings.”
Tandor followed the guardsman to the throne room where King Geoffrey was listening to a case brought forward by a butcher against his supplier.
“And when exactly was payment due?” King Geoffrey asked the supplier. He frowned when Tandor ran foreword and thrust his scroll into the king’s hand.
King Geoffrey looked as though he recognized Tandor, but still spoke to him in an angry voice. “Young man, you are interrupting court proceedings.”
“An urgent message from Headman Dagon,” Tandor said. “A matter of life and death.”
“We shall see about that,” Geoffrey said with a scowl. He tore open the sealed scroll and read the contents silently.
“Has King Blackwell’s aid been requested?” the king asked. “The last time the Vagans attacked I sent my palace guardsmen and we arrived to find the battle over and done.”
“I believe Dagon planned to go himself to ask for their aid but I do not know if he was successful in receiving it,” Tandor said. “I believe Headman Dagon thought since you are now allied with Helsop, you should know of this threat to your arsenal of weapons.”
King Geoffrey cleared his throat. He seemed to be caught off guard by Tandor’s reasoned response. “Yes, and he was quite correct in his thinking. Certainly I should be informed of such a threat.”
He leaned a little closer to Tandor and lowered his voice. “You are the son of Dorian the Master Sword Maker, are you not?”
“Yes, Your Highness. I am honored that you made note of my father and me.”
“Ummm, yes,” King Geoffrey murmured, still keeping his voice near a whisper. “Did he suspect this attack some time ago? Is this why he allowed my daughter and grandsons to go on this foolhardy mission aboard Phinn’s ship?”
“I do not know, Your Highness. I do think the sighting of a distant Vagan ship from one of our outposts may have spurred his secret mission to look further along Cold Lake for any evidence of a planned attack. That is when he saw a great cluster of Vagan ships.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “He showed good sense in that, at least.” King Geoffrey stood up and declared “Court is closed for the day. We will finish this hearing on our next court date.”
The palace guardsman who had accompanied Tandor stepped forward. “Any orders, Your Highness?”
“Yes,” King Geoffrey said. “We will likely arrive too late again, but call in your commander. We will march today to Helsop’s defense.”
Tandor slumped down beside King Geoffrey’s throne, finally giving in to his fatigue.
King Geoffrey looked kindly at the man. “You have done your part. You may rest here.”
Tandor shook his head. “I will be ready to ride with your guard. I just need a few minutes…” And with these words Tandor was asleep at the foot of the throne.

Chapter 33

Castle at Helsop

Deimos and Maki the Scout oversaw the movement of Helsop villagers into the castle grounds. All the food from village homes and the militia mess tent had been transferred to storehouses within the castle walls. Cisterns, jugs, canteens – all possible storage containers were full of water. The village’s stores of dried and salted fish were already in good supply on the castle grounds.
Deimos found Maki overseeing the construction of ladders in the castle courtyard.
“Are you thinking of posting defenders atop the walls?” Deimos asked his friend and fellow militia man.
“I was thinking more along the lines of lookouts,” Maki answered. “But yes, if the Vagans attack before reinforcements arrive, we may need to meet them atop the walls.”
“I want to go to Cold Lake to see them when they arrive,” Deimos said, frowning. “But I also feel I need to stay here, to reassure the villagers.”
“I will go,” Maki offered. “It is my job in any case.”
“Perhaps we could both go,” Deimos said. “The Vagans will have to come ashore on foot. Their ships are not built to carry horses. It will be easy to stay ahead of them, and to stay hidden if we are both on foot as well.”
“We could take a dozen men,” Maki suggested, “and lob a few hand balls at their ships as they near shore.”
Deimos was quiet for a moment. “I doubt they will bring their ships close to our dock at Cold Lake. They did that last time and lost most of their ships as a result.”
“They will likely check our outposts and find them empty,” Deimos continued. “They will know then that we have seen them. They will pick a point a mile or so east of here to pull their ships ashore.”
Maki nodded. “Yes, we must think as they do. So they will likely approach our docks on foot. Still, they will be many. We would see them, even if they waited to approach during the scant hours of darkness.”
Deimos was still undecided. “We could be waiting several days at the docks for them to arrive.”
“I do not think so,” Maki argued. “Once they are massed as they were when we saw them from the trail, they will be eager to attack.”
Deimos shrugged. “Our preparation here is done. Shall we leave Olaf in charge and go to have a look?”
“Yes,” Deimos said. “We will leave from the back wall. Olaf can pull up the outside ladder once we reach the ground and we can signal him to lower the ladder for us when we return. I will post sentries at the spot.”

Deimos found Olaf with his wife Isa and his older son Timor. Both Olaf and his son were archers in Helsop’s militia.
“Maki and I are going out to lie in wait for our Vagan visitors. We want to know when they arrive on our shores. I will leave you and Timor in charge until I return. I will also need the two of you to pull the ladder up behind us.”
Olaf did not question the order. He only nodded. “When will you leave?”
“We may as well leave now,” Deimos said. “We do not intend to fight them – only to know when they arrive. You may all rest easy until we return. There is no way they can arrive ahead of us.”
Olaf jerked his chin at his son by way of telling him to follow and the three left to find Maki.
Maki was pulling on the rungs of a freshly-built ladder to test their strength when the three found him.
“Bring that along,” Deimos said to Maki. “We will take food for two days and a fur for sleep. If the Vagans haven’t come by then, one of our allies’ armies will have arrived and we will have no need to worry.”
They made a brief stop at the mess tent which had been moved into the castle courtyard, and continued on to the back wall of the castle complex.
Maki made the soft “whoo whoo” sound of a barn owl before climbing the ladder. “That will be the signal that we have arrived at this same place outside the wall and need you to lower the ladder for us,” he said.
Olaf nodded. “One of us will be here both night and day, listening.”
“We will not stay out longer than two days,” Deimos assured him.

Deimos and Maki stayed along the tall grasses of the marsh until the marshes ended, then sought the cover of large boulders as they neared the docks where their fishing boats were tied up.
Deimos had a sinking feeling as he looked at their two fishing boats. “The Vagans will burn them, won’t they?” he said.
“Yes, assuredly,” Maki agreed. “We have gold now in Helsop. We can buy new ones.”
“I suppose,” Deimos said sadly. “It is good we brought no weapons. I would have been tempted to stay and use them to save our boats.”
Maki smiled in agreement.

They did not have long to wait. As the sun was lingering at the western horizon, they heard first a rumble like waves washing ashore, then the louder rustle of many feet. Coming around the bend in the shoreline were many hundreds, perhaps thousands of men.
As soon as the front line appeared, Maki and Deimos took off, ducking behind boulders and into shadows, staying well ahead of the attackers. They had reached the tall grasses of the marshlands when a northerly breeze brought the scent of smoke.

At the back wall of the castle, Maki made the sound of a barn owl and Timor’s head appeared above the wall. “They are here?” he asked as he pulled the ladder up behind him and lowered it to the ground.
“Yes,” Deimos said, “perhaps a half hour behind us. They stopped just long enough to burn our fishing boats.”
“Worse luck for them,” Timor said. “They only bring revenge down upon their heads.”

Luckily for Helsop, the attackers did not attack as night fell. Had they attacked as soon as they arrived, they might have overrun the castle walls by sheer numbers.
Deimos wondered what was delaying their attack. Perhaps they were waiting to see if they would be met by the exploding weapons their spies had no doubt informed them of. He ordered his militia to withhold any preemptive attack on the invaders from within the castle walls in hopes reinforcements would soon arrive.

At dawn the Vagan attackers lofted a torrent of arrows into the castle courtyard and began to pile up rocks and rubble to scale the walls.
Helsop’s militia men shot exploding arrows down upon those trying to scale the walls, but the number of invaders was so overwhelming that soon, they were fighting man to man atop the walls.
It took a moment for both sides to realize King Blackwell’s army had arrived and surrounded the Vagan masses attempting to scale the walls.
Soldiers mounted on horseback galloped past the rubble where more Vagans were pressing to scale the walls and members of the infantry lobbed exploding hand balls at those looking for new avenues of attack.
Hammer Haven miners were quickly dispatching those pirates who realized their attack had failed and were trying to get away.
Those who did manage to take flight were run down by Henge soldiers on horseback.
Timor looked at Deimos with a satisfied expression. “It looks as though we will be fishing from Vagan ships from now on.”
Deimos nodded. “I had actually hoped a few might escape to remind their kinsman what comes of an attack on Helsop.”

Chapter 34

Aboard the Sea Dancer

Shalin and Esme sat on the lower bunk in their usual cabin aboard Soldad’s ship, the Sea Dancer.
“Thank you for agreeing to come to Damascus,” Shalin said. “I thought you would hate the idea.”
“I am anxious to return to the peace and quiet of Helsop,” Esme said, “but I am also energized by my new love of painting animals. I see now I had become too closed-minded. Who knows what discoveries await in Damascus?”
“So you no longer fear the possibility of a forced marriage to one of the emperor’s relatives?”
“No. I looked into Boris’s mind. He sees us as unsophisticated pagans at best and fortune hunters at worst. I do not believe there is any danger of one of the emperor’s relatives making an offer of marriage to someone from Henge.”
“So we are not good enough for these Byzantines?” Shalin said, smiling.
“Exactly,” Esme affirmed.
“You do not find that insulting?”
“Hardly,” Esme assured her sister. “I find it comforting. I find their sophistication puffed up and artificial. I want no part of it. Except for the painting. I love the idea of capturing an animal’s beauty on parchment.”
“There is only one grandson as I understand it,” Shalin said. “The elder son who lives in Egypt has two married daughters with young families.”
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “That is what Valeria said.”
“And that one grandson in Damascus is a soldier. He may not even be at the palace in Levant. He may be out defending some far outpost of the colony.”
“Then why are you so set on going to Damascus?” Esme asked.
“Damascus is the oldest city in the world. It looks down on the Euphrates River where the astrologers tried to steal my ring when it still belonged to Electra. I think there is a good chance the ring came from Damascus. Some think it Persian in design and Persia is close by.”
“But your ring came alive in Tyre, and we will be quite far from Tyre,” Esme reasoned.
“True, but we will at least be closer than we were in Constantinople and the emperor has no kin in Tyre.”
Esme smiled. “Is it too much to hope his grandson is a soldier who paints?”
Shalin laughed. “Yes, I believe it is too much to hope for. Let us go up top to see where we are.”

The twins were surprised to see a land mass off to the east when they reached the deck. Serafina stood at the rail shielding her eyes from the rising sun as she studied the coast line.
Turning at the sound of their footsteps, Serafina looked at her daughters as they joined her at the rail. “That mountain ahead is the one that must be scaled. Damascus sits atop the plateau on the other side.”
“It looks to be a high mountain,” Shalin remarked.
“Ten thousand feet,” Serafina said. “But there is a pass before the summit.”
“Will we caravan up the mountain?” Esme asked.
“Yes,” Serafina said. “There are donkeys or camels. We will take whatever is available.”
“Should we pack clothes suitable for palace wear?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, it will likely take two full days to arrive in Damascus, so take trail clothes as well,” their mother said.
“Will we be staying with the emperor’s son?” Esme asked.
Her mother nodded. “I have a letter of introduction from the emperor to give to his son Julian, the Governor of Levant.”
“It seems strange that the oldest city in the world must be reached by climbing a tall mountain,” Esme said.
“Likely it was originally established from the eastern side,” Serafina said. “It would not be so difficult to climb up a gentle slope from the Euphrates River and may have even been necessary during floods.”
“The Euphrates and Tigris rivers were thought to be the cradle of civilization,” Shalin added. “People lived there before records were kept.” She rubbed her ring without thinking and was startled when she felt a small warmth beneath her tunic.
“Is your ring humming?” Esme asked.
“No, but it is warm to the touch,” Shalin said.
“Let me feel it,” Esme said.
Shalin removed the chain from her neck and handed the ring to her sister.
“Yes, I can feel it,” Esme said. “It is close to awakening.”
Serafina put her hand on the ring and shook her head. “I feel no change.”
“It is subtle,” Shalin said, sorry that her mother did not share the twins’ powers of detection.
“No matter,” Serafina said. “But keep me apprised of your ring’s reaction as we near Damascus.”
“I will,” Shalin promised.

The Sea Dancer  was soon tied off at a wharf beside the bustling seaport city of Bayrut. The city appeared a mixture of old and new buildings, much like its southern neighbor, Tyre. Shalin wished they had the time to explore it, but Soldad was already busy making arrangements to join a caravan that carried both salt from north Africa and horses from Arabia.
“We will ride camels,” Soldad announced when he rejoined them. “The horses are not pack animals but are destined for the princes of the Indus. The trail at the higher elevations is in poor condition and it is best to have sure-footed animals.”
“Have you friends in Damascus?” Shalin asked Soldad.
“I was once friends with the emperor’s grandson Constans and his granddaughter Helena, but that was many years ago before their father was made governor of Levant. It will be good to see them again.”
“What was his grandson like when you knew him?” Esme asked.
“He wanted to be a soldier, even then. We spent a good deal of time in mock battles with wooden swords.” Soldad smiled, remembering.
“Is he a fierce fighter?” Esme asked.
Soldad laughed. “Oh yes, we were both quite fierce, like young goats locking horns.”
“Not the type to become a painter, then?” Esme murmured.
“I should not be hopeful, were I you,” Soldad advised.

They stayed that night in the caravansary, ready for an early start at dawn, sleeping fully clothed on straw mats.
Before dawn they were roused from their sleep by the light of torches and the sounds of cargo being loaded atop the backs of camels and mules.
They ate dry cereal from their packs and were already on the move before the sun crested Mount Lebanon, the massive hump of rock and earth that loomed ahead.
As the sun moved overhead, the reds and yellows of the lowest hills, marked here and there with green grasses near springs and streams, seemed to glow in the warm air. The climb at first was gentle and a breeze followed them.
As they drew closer to the heights, the path turned narrow, rocky and dangerous. A mule came perilously close to falling and only the quick action of the camel pullers saved him from going over the edge of a high precipice.
Snow claimed the higher elevations and as dusk fell, they put up tents to shield them from the frigid night air. The most dangerous part of the trek lay just ahead.

Chapter 35

On Mount Lebanon

The next morning Shalin and Esme were sent out to gather thistles to start a fire while the camel pullers looked for any kind of dry wood they could find. Shalin closed her hand around her ring seeking its warmth, but found its warmth had fled.
Before long the people in the caravan were huddled around a fire hugging their arms to their chests for warmth. A big pot of hot cereal and another pot of hot water for tea simmered above the fire.
“We are close to the pass,” Soldad said. “Once we clear the bluff up ahead you will see the great Damascus Plain spread out before you.”
They broke camp after breakfast and the long line of surefooted camels set the pace. The path continued to deteriorate as they climbed up amongst rocks and scree that could break free with a careless step.
On reaching the bluff, the highest elevation in their vertical climb, the animals were led and pushed up one at a time to avoid any accident that could endanger the whole chain.
From the bluff they looked down on a high plateau that spread out past the horizon for hundreds of miles. It seemed a level flatland, filled with gardens, each one lined with earthen or brick walls. Streams crisscrossed the plateau stretching out from the mountaintop to flow gently out across the endless plain.
They could see all manner of fruit trees and flowering plants. Esme’s mouth began to water as she viewed the ripe fruit – apricots, pomegranates, lemons, oranges and other foreign varieties.
“This is amazing,” Shalin said to Soldad. “How wide is the plain?”
Soldad stretched his arm out to point east. “Five hundred miles or more,” he replied. “Off in the distance, too far to see, runs the Euphrates River and beyond that, flood plains between the Euphrates and the Tigris Rivers.”
“Can we see the palace from here?” Shalin asked.
“No, we have another day’s travel to reach Damascus proper, but we should be there by dusk.”

With the dangers of the ascent up Mount Lebanon behind them, they were free to take in the delightful views from atop their camels. It seemed every garden held hidden charms, large pots and vases full of fragrant flowering plants, decorated marble walls leading into cool pavilions, bubbling or spouting fountains and shallow pools filled with colorful fish.
They stopped at a bazaar to have lunch. The shops were elevated, usually three sided structures where the proprietors sat or napped in the center of his wares, which were in full view on shelves recessed into the walls.
They ate fruit and grains mixed with bits of seasoned lamb.
“I cannot imagine Damascus being more beautiful than the surrounding countryside,” Shalin said as she savored the delicious food.
“Damascus is a crossroads,” Soldad said, “much admired by many. Sometimes the admiration descends to envy and thoughts of conquest.”
“No doubt your friends will be happy to hear of the weapons now available for their defense,” Esme said.
“No doubt,” Soldad said, smiling. “Though our friend Boris may not be inclined to share them with his family. He takes his duties as director of Constantinople’s port facilities very seriously.”
“Is it not the emperor who decides where materials should be allocated?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, of course,” Soldad agreed, “though being close enough to argue one’s own case for priority is always helpful.”
Shalin nodded. “The journey from Constantinople to here is not one to be taken lightly. It could be especially dangerous when transporting weapons.”
“I could not agree more. The emperor has his hands full, trying to hold together such a far-reaching empire, even with his own children as governors of the colonies.”
“How far are we from Persia here?” Shalin asked.
“Persia’s lands border this great plain,” Soldad paused before continuing in an ominous tone, “And they seem interested in expanding their territory.”
As they passed village after village on the road to Damascus, they came across a unique village where the women all wore headpieces holding very tall metal spikes that sat like towers atop their heads.
“Whoever were those strangely head-dressed women we passed?” Esme asked at a stop to water the camels and horses.
Soldad knew at once who she referred to. “They were Druze women. The Druze are a religious group that keeps very much to themselves.”
“Do they follow Yeshua?” Shalin asked
“No one really knows,” Soldad said, “not even themselves, it seems. I am told only a few men, the enlightened ones, are allowed to read their six holy codices. Those who are enlightened tell the others what they must do and what they must think.”
“How very unique,” Shalin said. “And they are all content with that division?”
“I assume so. They do not take converts nor do they marry outside their faith, though I am told they are encouraged to blend in when living outside their colonies and even to pretend to believe in other faiths when it seems prudent.”
 Shalin stared at Soldad. “You have such a vast and varied store of knowledge, I doubt anything surprises you.”
Soldad smiled. “You surprise me every day.”
“Surely not,” Shalin said, shaking her head. “I feel I am eminently predictable and many accuse me of being narrow-minded in my interests.”
Soldad laughed. “Then they do not know you well.” He paused for a moment and Shalin could see his thoughts shift to Damascus. “Are you hoping you will find my friend Constans agreeable?”
“You mean, am I hoping to marry him?”
“Yes,” Soldad said.
Shalin could see he still saw Constans as the rival he had been in their youth. “I do not want to marry yet. I suppose you might think me selfish, but I have still things I wish to accomplish before giving my life over to a husband and children.”
Soldad smiled. “I do not think that at all selfish. I find it most sensible. Would that more young people thought as you do.”
Shalin could see his happiness at her answer was not feigned. He perhaps had things he still wanted to accomplish as well.
“I believe the camels have drunk their fill,” Soldad said as he stood up beside the slow moving stream where they rested. “Were the plain not so close to level we could see the gates of Damascus from here.”
They continued along the road through the endless shelf of land and before long they could make out the domes and pillars of the ancient city from atop their camels.
They entered through the Gate of St. Thomas onto the street called Straight. The gate was an elaborate archway of dun-colored brick, easily tall enough to accommodate the height of the camel with a rider atop.
Soldad rode closely by Shalin, pointing out the Chapel of Saint Paul, and the ancient house of Saint Ananias, who had been told by God that Saint Paul would be coming to stay with him.
Shalin only nodded, remembering reading in her mother’s Fish Book that such an event had occurred.
They continued on to the city’s caravansary where they bid farewell to their camel pullers and set out on foot for the palace.
On passing the old Roman garrison, Shalin’s attention drifted to a soldier coming down the steps of the garrison as though deep in his own thoughts. He was quite tall with dark hair and broad shoulders, wearing a red wool tunic gathered at the waist by a wide leather belt – the outfit common to Byzantine officers.
She thought him an uncommonly handsome man and felt Soldad’s eyes resting on her, taking note of her interest in the soldier. He looked away then, to the soldier who had not noticed them, still absorbed in his own thoughts.
“Constans, my old friend, just the person we hoped to find,” Soldad called out lightly.
Constans looked up and a smile spread across his face. “Soldad, what in the world brings you inland to Damascus? And do not say a visit to an old friend. I would never believe that.”

Chapter 36

City of Damascus

Constans continued to stare at his old friend Soldad, slapping him on the back with one hand while shaking hands with the other.
Soldad returned the friendly slap with perhaps a little more force than necessary. “Ah, the reason for our visit. I regret to say you are correct. There is more than friendship that brings me here. And my greater role is as guide to these important visitors. May I present Queen Serafina of Henge and her two lovely daughters, Princess Shalin and Princess Esme.” Turning his attention to the ladies, he said, “This is my old friend Constans, son of Governor Julian who will be your host.” To Constans, he added, “Queen Serafina is an important ally in our constant mission to update our defensive arsenal.”
Constans looked with interest at Serafina. “Queen of Henge?” he said with a polite smile. “How does a queen of Henge figure into our defensive arsenal?”
“I dabble in explosives,” Serafina said.
Constans raised an eyebrow in Soldad’s direction before continuing, “Please allow me to escort you and your lovely daughters to my father’s home. I would wager you are the first queen he has ever met who dabbles in explosives.”
Shalin could not help but be pleased by being referred to as a lovely daughter, but chided herself on being so easily flattered by a polite remark.
Knowing her mother had her letter of recommendation from Emperor Licinius at the ready, Shalin guessed that Soldad’s recommendation would likely have been enough to secure the governor’s hospitality. She judged that her admiration of Constans’ physical appearance did not sit well with Soldad and wondered how she might set his mind at ease. Even though Constans was a handsome man and seemed a gracious host, she was not ready to abandon her own agenda should a marriage proposal be forthcoming. And that, she decided, was unlikely since Constans seemed more interested in their weapons arsenal than in cementing ties with Henge.

They reached the palace, which seemed more of a villa then a palace. Shalin nudged her sister’s mind to see what she thought of it.
Esme responded with her own assessments. It seems most of the governing takes place at the garrison. This looks more like a very elaborate family home.
Shalin agreed and was not surprised when the first person Constans introduced them to was his mother.
“Look who I saw walking down the boulevard outside the garrison? Our old friend Soldad. And he brings with him royalty from the Kingdom of Henge.”
“Queen Serafina, Princess Esme and Princess Shalin, may I present my mother, Her Highness Lady Martina.”
Lady Martina hugged Soldad and scolded him for taking so long to visit, then bowed sedately before her royal guests. “And what brings you to our venerated city from Henge? Are you pilgrims come to visit our historic sites?”
“No,” Serafina said, retrieving her letter of introduction from Emperor Licinius and handing it to her hostess. “We are come on Emperor Licinius’s recommendation to strengthen ties between Henge and Constantinople now that we have become trading partners.”
“How intriguing,” Lady Martina said enthusiastically. She took a moment to read the letter, then assumed a more serious demeanor. “But I see I am infringing on your time here. You have matters to discuss with my husband Julian and my son Constans. You will be staying here with us, of course, so perhaps while my son shows you to my husband’s office I might kidnap your daughters and Soldad for a visit over refreshments in the garden.”
Serafina nodded and allowed herself to be led away by a confused Constans. There was no doubt about what he was thinking now. Shalin could see as he left the room that he wondered what had been in the letter that had so changed his mother’s demeanor.

Lady Martina led her guests from the great receiving hall to a garden that surpassed even Valeria’s in splendor and ornamentation. As they walked past many sleeping alcoves lined with ottomans, Martina said, “We often sleep outdoors on warm nights and you are welcome to do so as well. Of course you will also have your own rooms here in our makeshift palace and I will show you our baths where you may wish to freshen up before we have our refreshments.”
“Your garden is a marvel,” Soldad remarked. “My mother would be quite envious.”
Lady Martina flipped up the fingers of her right hand in a dismissive gesture.
“I doubt that very much,” she said. “I remember Valeria’s skill as a gardener very well. Much of what I know of plants, I learned from her.”
“Do you miss living in Constantinople?” Soldad asked.
“Just lately I do,” Martina admitted. “I miss the security I felt there. We live on edge here, knowing the Persians have set their ambitions on capturing the Levant. And now we have also the threat of marauding Arabs of the new militant religion. We feel surrounded and quite vulnerable here.”
“Our guests may be of help in that matter,” Soldad said.
“So I gather from the Emperor’s note.” She pointed to an area off the garden where a channel was cut into the mosaic floor to allow water to run through. “Just in there is our bathing area. Please take your time exploring it. We have servants ready to assist you and provide you with new garments after you have used the facilities. I will just excuse myself to order up our refreshments.”

Shalin and Esme did take their time exploring the bathhouse, making use of the toilets that provided seats cut into a plank over a deep pit that was continually flushed clean by the channel of running water through it.
They stepped into the shallow bath pool in just their undergarments to find the water temperature pleasingly warm and inviting. As promised, servants stood ready with towels and fresh clothing.
The twins felt comfortable speaking together in English as they had not come across any English-speakers since entering Damascus.
“Everyone here seems eager to meet us,” Shalin said.
“Eager to buy our weapons would be more accurate,” Esme noted.
“Yes. Did you notice how distracted Constans appeared before Soldad called out to him?” Shalin asked.
“I did, and I took the moment to see what concerned him,” Esme said.
Shalin brightened, hoping to satisfy her own curiosity. “What were his thoughts?”
“He had just had some disturbing news about a possible movement of enemy troops,” Esme said.
“He thinks an attack might be imminent?”
“He does,” Esme confirmed. “Were Dag or Maki the Scout at work here, they would, no doubt, have gathered more accurate information.”
“Those stationed at the garrison seem to be on alert in any case,” Shalin observed.
“They are likely desperate for such weapons as we have just delivered to Constantinople.”
“If Constans’ fears are justified, you are correct, but our weapons could not possibly reach Damascus in time,” Shalin murmured.

Chapter 37

City of Damascus

Shalin and Esme took some time luxuriating in the warm pool of bathwater.
“Do you suppose we might ever see baths like this in Henge?” Esme asked.
“I rather doubt it,” Shalin replied. “I think both Mother and Father would find them indulgent.”
“Is a bit of indulgence such a terrible thing?” Esme asked.
“You would have to ask Mother or Father,” Shalin said in a teasing voice. “I am too busy indulging myself to consider the question.”
“I am quite guilty as well,” Esme said lazily. “But there was some mention of refreshments. We may as well indulge ourselves with the delicacies of Levant in every way.”
As the twins stepped out of the warm pool a servant who had been waiting in a recessed alcove came forward with towels and dry undergarments.
Shalin spoke to the woman in Greek. “Thank you for these. Your bath is a wonder.”
The woman smiled. “We have togas you may wear or I can bring some clothes from your luggage.”
“I will try a toga for now,” Shalin said. “But we have brought formal clothes for eveningwear.”
“Very good, My Lady,” the servant said. “I will be free to help in any way I can.”
“Are you good with hair?” Esme asked in her accented Greek.
“I do my best,” the woman said.
“I am sure your best would put my best to shame,” Esme said with a smile.
“My name is Flavia,” the servant said, “and I am at your service.”

Dressed in their loose-fitting togas, the twins joined Constans, Soldad, Martina, Serafina and another man and a young girl sitting at a garden table.
Constans was quick to begin introductions. “Princesses Esme and Shalin, may I present my father Julian, Governor of Levant and my sister, Lady Helena. Please join us.” 
The twins took empty chairs between Soldad and their mother.
“We enjoyed your baths immensely,” Shalin said as she took her seat.
Governor Julian smiled. “There is nothing like a warm bath after scaling Mount Lebanon, no?”
“The last bit was a challenge,” Esme said. “We came close to losing a mule.”
“Yes,” Governor Julian agreed. “The mountain poses a challenge in obtaining needed supplies from Bayrut.”
“You have arrived at an unsettled time,” Constans remarked. “Normally we would want to show you our treasured  historical places, but just now it may not be advisable for you to stay long enough to see them.”
Serafina looked at her daughters. “An attack seems imminent. We must leave at dawn tomorrow to return to Constantinople.”
“Had we known,” Soldad said, “we might have brought a few of the new weapons Henge has provided, but the threat has only recently been observed.”
“Tomorrow?” Shalin gasped. “But what of your own family?” She looked at Governor Julian as she spoke.
The governor cleared his throat and looked at his wife. “Of course Constans and I must stay, but I rather hoped you, my dear, and our Helena would go along with Soldad back to Constantinople. It would greatly relieve my mind should you agree to do so.”
Lady Martina spoke in a soft but determined voice. “I am staying but Helena will go and stay with her grandfather in Constantinople until things are put right here.”
Helena looked up with a shocked expression. “Never. I would not leave when you are all in danger. How could you even suggest such a thing?”
“You will do as we say,” Martina said. “That is, if Soldad will agree to it.”
“As many as care to accompany us are welcome,” Soldad said. “Perhaps, Lady Martina, you might reconsider to put your husband’s and son’s minds to rest?”
“I have become soft living here in Levant,” Lady Martina argued. “Not only am I determined to stay at my husband’s side, I believe I would only slow you down.”
Governor Julian shrugged and smiled at his wife, believing it best to accept her decision. “We will fight the harder for your presence.”
“Why am I not allowed the same courtesy as Mother?” Helena asked. “I wish to stay as well.”
“Because you are still under our authority,” Martina said, “and it is our decision that you return to Constantinople until we deem it safe for you to return.”
Helena was a storm cloud of emotions. Shalin feared the girl who looked to be about twelve years old, might decide to run and hide and she could hardly blame her if she did. No one wanted to be sheltered while loved ones chose to fight.
“Perhaps we might return with weapons,” Esme offered. “If the attack becomes a siege, we might have the time.”
Constans smiled at Esme. “That is our hope. Not that you yourselves will return, but that you might tell the emperor our situation here and he will send a fleet with manpower and weapons to aid in our defense.”
“What is your situation, exactly?” Soldad asked. “I was not privy to your earlier conversation.”
Julian nodded. “Tell father that Arabs from the south are massing to the east. He likely knows they have already taken Jerusalem and now they have won Marj. They are now headed northwest through villages that share the new religion. We believe they are collecting new recruits along the way.”
Shalin wanted to ask more about the new religion. She wanted to know more about their old religion. She wanted to ask about their astrological history and their jewelry designs. She was so close to what she believed to be the origins of her ring, only to find those who made it might now have become the enemies of her new friends. But she would not dare to mention any of her selfish interests at this critical time.
“We will fly down the mountain with all haste,” Soldad promised. “Perhaps we should not wait until dawn to leave.”
Constans shook his head. “I have already arranged for a small caravan and a scout to escort you. They will be supplied and ready to go by dawn. I am so sorry our visit must be cut short. Had it been any other time…” He looked sadly at Shalin and Esme. “Things might have turned out differently.”
Shalin felt a little tug at her heart. Was he hinting that he found Shalin and Esme desirable? She looked into Constans’ mind but saw only jumbled plans of attack and counterattack there—the mind of a soldier on the eve of war.

That evening Flavia helped Esme and Shalin with their hair and gowns. The twins dreaded going to this dinner that had become a sad parting of the ways – a farewell dinner for Helena who must leave not knowing what was to become of her family.
Soldad and Constans both remarked on the beauty of the ladies that evening although Helena had made no effort to appear attractive, wearing a gray wrinkled smock.
Soldad made a weak attempt at cheering those present, calling up stories from his travels to Hindustan.
Shalin and Esme were content to stay quiet and give their hosts time to express any last-minute sentiments.
At one point, Constans looked at Shalin and said sincerely, “I really wish things could have worked out differently.”
After making sure Soldad was engaged in conversation with Martina, she answered, “So do I.” This was not an untruth. She wished she could have visited the historic sites and learned more about ancient Persia but she was content for Constans to view her words in any way that brought comfort to his troubled mind.

Chapter 38

City of Damascus

The small group of departing women now included Lady Helena, Serafina and the twins. It was not yet dawn when the group assembled at the governor’s residence. Helena was inconsolable as she and her mother wept and said goodbye. Her father and brother were absent, having spent the night at the old Roman garrison.
Esme whispered in her mother’s ear. “Perhaps we should stay. Shalin and I could assure their victory.”
Serafina looked sternly at her daughter. “It is not our battle to win.”
Soldad was speaking to a Byzantine scout who had been assigned to accompany their small group to Bayrut. They concluded their conversation and motioned to the women that it was time to go.
Serafina thanked Martina for her hospitality and promised to look after Helena.
The army scout held a torch against the dark of the early morning and led the way to the caravansary where their camels were saddled and ready. The first rays of dawn shot up from the east as they mounted the kneeling camels.
Soldad and the scout seemed to have agreed on a sheepdog approach in the defense of their charges. They rode keeping the women between them, the scout a little ahead and Soldad a little behind to protect the front and rear as well as the sides.
They appeared to be on high alert even though the group was heading away from the invading threat.
Helena continued weeping, at once both fearful and angry, and no one tried to console her. Serafina said nothing and her thoughts were shielded from the twins.
Esme and Shalin were also on high alert, ready with their powers to defend themselves and their defenders, if necessary.
As they rode through the peaceful villages, the quiet now seemed ominous rather than comforting. Any interest on the part of villagers was now suspect. They did not buy lunch at a local souk but instead waited until they were well past any populated area to stop for a meal.
At their first stop for food and drink, Helena refused both and no one attempted to persuade her otherwise. Shalin left a canteen within easy reach, should the girl change her mind.
Soldad sat down beside Shalin and Helena. “I am sorry our visit was cut short,” he said.
Shalin nodded. “Why are the invaders so bent on taking new territory?” she asked.
Helena, beside her, stood up and grabbed the canteen beside her. “Because they are animals,” she said furiously, before stalking off, wiping away another gush of tears.
Soldad shrugged in answer to her question. “I suppose they think it is possible now to take it. They seem to have the necessary manpower and military might to do so.”
Shalin glanced at the fleeing Helena before turning her attention back to Soldad. “Governor Julian said they have taken Jerusalem,.”
Soldad nodded “Jerusalem has changed rulers many times. Even in Yeshua’s day, it was under Roman rule, and before that, Persian.”
“You live with wars always around you. It must be unsettling,” Shalin said.
Soldad smiled. “Has our strife-ridden state discouraged you from seeking a husband from our ranks?”
Shalin returned his smile. “Constans seemed a good man and a dedicated soldier, focused on his duties. I hope he will survive the battle.”
“If the battle goes our way, would you consider a union with him?”
“No,” Shalin said. “I would not.” She smiled. “Though the baths at his home were a temptation I had not anticipated.”
Soldad laughed, but quickly quieted. It was not the time for laughter. “We will keep up a rapid pace through the garden villages,” he said. “I hope to reach the pass by dusk.” He stood up and dusted the dirt from his tunic before calling the group together to mount up.
Esme stood beside her sister as their guide gave their camels the order to kneel. “Does Soldad think we are in danger here?”
Shalin shook her head. “No, but he is anxious to reach Constantinople as soon as possible to speak to the emperor.”
Esme stretched her back, not eager to resume her seat atop a camel. “Yes, Emperor Licinius will want to send weapons as soon as possible. If the siege is long, they may arrive in time, but there are seven gates to defend from attack.”
Shalin thought her sister was beginning to think like a soldier. Perhaps she was taking her future role as queen of Henge to heart.
Esme read her mind and frowned. “Anyone would think the same. I am not shaping a defense of the city in my mind.”
“Of course not,” Shalin said, though she could see clearly that Esme was.
Esme gave her sister a slight push as she stepped into the saddle of her kneeling camel.
The two men kept their camels to a pace just short of a speed that would cause their mounts to rebel. They passed through villages unaware of the coming threat. By dusk they had reached the edge of the bluff that marked the beginning of the treacherous mountain pass.
“We had best camp here tonight,” the scout said. “I do not want to lose a camel in the dark.”
They unloaded their supplies and hunted for sticks and thistles to make a fire. A half-moon rose above them and the stars above appeared close enough to touch.
That night Helena accepted food and seemed to have gotten her emotions somewhat under control.
“Do you know your grandfather well?” Esme asked Helena in her heavily accented Greek.
Helena shook her head. “Not very well. I was very young when we left Constantinople for Damascus.”
“You have another relative there, the grandson of your grandfather’s older sister. His name is Boris,” Shalin said. “He lives just next door to Soldad.”
Helena looked at Soldad. “Perhaps I could stay with you,” she suggested meekly. “I remember your mother. She used to give me sweets when we visited.”
“Most assuredly you could stay with us,” Soldad said with enthusiasm. “I am sure my mother would be glad of the company of another lady. She has only my brother and me to talk with her now and that must be disappointing for her.”
Helena managed a weak smile. “I am sure you are never disappointing. But I thank you for the encouragement.”
“We will be going there directly as soon as we reach Constantinople. So you will have a chance to try it out before you report to your grandfather,” Soldad promised.
Helena took a deep breath. “Do you think Grandfather will send men and weapons to my father?”
“Yes, of course he will. There is no doubt about that. And now thanks to our friends from Henge, we have newer and more powerful weapons then our enemy.”
Helena looked somewhat mollified. “Then there is a chance I will see my family again?”
“Better than a chance. A likelihood,” Soldad insisted.
Helena looked down at her empty plate as though surprised to find it bare of food.

Chapter 39

City of Hormu

Haddad the Shipbuilder, now Admiral of the Fleet for the Kingdom of Fernland, stood at the rail of his only ship, the Sea Sprite, as it neared the great wharf of Hormu City.
Directly behind the Sea Sprite sailed another ship as yet unnamed which had been ordered by Regent Avor almost a year ago.
Haddad took a deep breath, wondering who he would find here. He did not have long to wonder. Tied up there on the wharf was the Prince Avor, a ship he knew well since he and his fellow Taz men had been the ones who built it.
The Prince Avor was now Phinn the Ambassador’s ship and Haddad had last seen it off the coast of Henge as one passenger was being transferred from Soldad’s Sea Dancer to Phinn’s Prince Avor. And that passenger was almost certainly Queen Delphinia.
King Geoffrey of Fernland had banished his son Prince Avor from Fernland and any contact was forbidden. It was one thing for an ambassador of Henge to be here, but quite another for the queen of Fernland to be here in direct violation of her husband’s decree.
Haddad had no quarrel with the queen but he did not wish to aid her in this violation of a direct order from his commander in chief, King Geoffrey. Of course his own reasons for being here could come into question, but gathering information for his king was certainly an acceptable motive.
He wondered briefly if he should offer Queen Delphinia the option of sailing aboard the Sea Sprite back to Fernland. Since he was on his own way back from Constantinople after delivering King Geoffrey’s weapons, the presence of the queen aboard ship would likely not be questioned. He decided it would be the proper thing to do.
As his sailors tied up to the wharf, Haddad thought about his real reason for coming to Hormu. He knew Prince Avor well, having worked under his ostensible leadership for years at Fernland’s boat works, and he liked the young man. Avor had bothered to learn the Taz language and the Taz customs while still a teenager and he had never pretended to know more about shipbuilding than those who did the actual work.
Haddad felt he could trust Avor’s promises. He had offered good quality lumber from Hormu’s forests in exchange for this new ship Haddad had come to deliver and he had followed through on his promise.
It would be in Taz’s best interests were their new ships to be offered for sale here in Hormu, since Hormu saw a good deal more shipping trade than Fernland, which would be his second choice for his people’s showcase. Certainly very few potential buyers would ever see the ships at anchor in Taz and a newly built ship in Taz could easily be confiscated by the Great Khan.
So many thoughts filled Haddad’s mind that it took a few moments to realize someone on the wharf was calling his name.
Phinn the Ambassador stood on the wharf waving and shouting to him.
“Permission to come aboard Admiral Haddad?” Phinn shouted.
Haddad waved back. “Come aboard, Ambassador,” he shouted back. “I have news from Taz for Regent Avor.”
Phinn climbed aboard the ship, looking around cautiously. “Are you still carrying explosives aboard?”
Haddad smiled on learning the reason for Phinn’s trepidation. “No, the weapons have all been delivered to Emperor Licinius in Constantinople.”
“Good, good,” Phinn said. “I imagine he was happy to get them?”
“Very happy. I assume that it is now Henge’s turn to use the Sea Sprite to sell their wares. King Blackwell could easily sell the whole cargo once again in Constantinople.”
“I believe that is exactly my brother’s plan,” Phinn said.
“What brings you down to the wharf?” Haddad asked. “Does Prince Avor have watchers to tell him which ships arrive?”
Phinn laughed. “He may at that. He is still wary of a Persian attack and is keeping a small contingent of Barburee soldiers nearby for protection.” Phinn paused and looked at the new ship docked next to the Sea Sprite. “But it is only a coincidence that I am here. I needed to take some of my equipment back to my ship. We put on a performance here that was very well received by the Barburee soldiers.”
“Was it!” Haddad could not hide his surprise. He remembered when Phinn had put on a performance in Taz that was attended by the Barburee soldiers stationed there. They had all thought it silly and without merit.
Phinn smiled. “Yes, we were able to redeem ourselves as an acting troupe by putting on a play based on one of their own folktales.”
Haddad returned his smile. “Very wise. I assume there was fighting involved?”
“Almost exclusively. We likely dispatched at least a dozen evil spirits,” Phinn said.
Haddad laughed. “It sounds perfectly suited.”
Phinn glanced again at the ship with no name. “So what brings you to Hormu?”
“Prince Avor.” He paused. “Excuse me, I mean Regent Avor. He ordered the ship next to us about a year ago. Since I happened to visit Taz on my way back to Fernland, I offered to deliver it.” He looked at the ship that he would be leaving in Avor’s keeping. “I believe Avor plans to export some of Hormu’s trade goods to bring in revenue.”
“Yes,” Phinn said. “He is encouraging trade of all sorts. Hormu’s marketplace is thriving again now that peace is restored.”
Haddad nodded. “That is what I hoped. I may have a proposition to offer.”
“Come along with me, then,” Phinn said. “Regent Avor has some news of his own.”
“Regent Avor has news?” Haddad asked, wondering if Phinn was about to tell him that Queen Delphinia was visiting.”
Phinn smiled. “It is really Avor’s news to tell, but I may as well spill the beans since everyone in Hormu knows. Avor has just become the father of the brand new baby girl.”
Haddad stopped short just as he was about to step from his ship down to the dock. “Cogatin has borne a child of Prince Avor?”
Phinn smiled. “Regent Avor, and yes, she has. They have named the child 	Delphi for his mother.”
“Delphi,” Haddad repeated, wondering if he should speak the words that came to mind. He decided to hazard it. “And does Avor’s mother know she has a granddaughter?”
Phinn opened his mouth and then closed it, likely thinking better of what he was about to say. He finally managed an uncertain shrug. “Prince Avor will be happy to hear his new ship has arrived,” Phinn said.

Chapter 40

Hormu City

Admiral Haddad and Phinn the Ambassador found Regent Avor in the throne room beside his stepson Prince Altan. They were listening to a report on the taxes collected from caravans recently arrived from China. A man wearing the robes of a tax collector was still speaking.
Regent Avor looked up at the arrival of the two men and smiled. He said a few Barburee words to the man with him who promptly gathered up his scrolls, bowed low and departed. Avor spoke to his stepson in the Barburee tongue, which Haddad understood very well. He was telling his stepson that lessons were over for the day and he was free to play in the courtyard.
The boy jumped up and ran out the door of the throne room.
Avor walked over to greet his visitors. “Phinn, you have conjured up just the person I had hoped to see.” Avor gave his attention to Haddad. “What brings you to Hormu, Admiral Haddad? A message from my father?”
“No message,” said. “But I have brought your new ship from Taz.”
Avor clasped Haddad’s shoulder. “My ship is here? Please, take me to it at once.”
Phinn smiled and said to Avor, “I have already seen your splendid new ship and I have promised my son Drake that we would spend some time together on our drums, so I will excuse myself.”
“Drums?” Avor asked. “There is no end to your talents, Ambassador. Our soldiers are still talking about your tribute to the Iron Warrior.”
Phinn grinned. “I’d wager we’ve dispatched every evil spirit in the whole of Hormu.”
Avor laughed. “If not the whole of Asia.”
The three men walked out of the throne room together, Phinn heading up to his room in the palace and Haddad and Avor heading out the front door.
“Has one of your Taz ships followed you here?” Avor asked. “If not, I will arrange for your return to Taz on the new ship you have delivered.”
“I have my own ship now,” Haddad said with a bit of pride. “The Sea Sprite. Although it is co-owned by Henge and perhaps even Helsop. There is now an alliance of sorts between our nations.”
Avor appeared to be very interested in this bit of news from home. “A military alliance?” he asked.
“I would call it more of a trade alliance,” Haddad said. “They are selling exports now and my ship is the carrier vessel.”
“I see,” Avor said. “I expect they will all be quite wealthy before long.”
Haddad hoped he had not already said too much. It seemed Phinn and Electra had not brought Avor up to date on the new weapons partnership between the three nations. “Yes, I suppose that is the hope,” he said.
“”So you have exports to sell?” Avor asked.
“No, my ship is empty now. The whole of the cargo was sold in Constantinople.”
“Ah, the great city of Constantinople. I have not yet visited, but hope to do so now that we have our own ship.”
Haddad nodded. “It is a wonder, that city.”
“But you have come back with nothing from there?” Avor pressed. “Why not?”
Haddad shrugged. “King Geoffrey still has his large ship bringing goods directly from China. The cargo the Sea Sprite carries is more fit for Constantinople. But now it will be Henge’s turn to send out its exports. I will have to wait and see what King Blackwell decides to export and where he orders me to sell it.”
“What was my father’s cargo?” Avor asked.
“I am not at liberty to say,” Haddad murmured, pointing to the pier that lay in the distance. “Look at the third ship from our end of the wharf. There is your new ship alongside the Sea Sprite. Have you thought of a name for her?” Haddad hoped Avor would forget his question about the Sea Sprite’s cargo.
“I have,” Avor said in an animated voice. She will be called the Queen Cogatin.
“Quite appropriate,” Haddad said. “Phinn tells me your wife has made you the father of a daughter. Congratulations.”
Avor nodded. “She will be a beauty, like her mother. We have named her Delphi after my mother.”
“Your mother will be honored. Did you know she has gone to Constantinople along with Serafina on Soldad’s ship the Sea Dancer?”
Avor stopped and looked at Haddad as though he had lost his senses. “You believe my mother is in Constantinople?”
“Yes,” Haddad said. “She left the same time Phinn and I did, on our respective ships. She was going to Constantinople to look at the mint there since your father has decided to build a mint in Fernland.”
Avor tilted his head. “A mint. I see. And what was Serafina’s purpose in going to Constantinople?”
“She and her daughters were going there to do research at the Imperial Library, I believe.”
“What sort of research?” Avor asked.
“You would have to ask her. She is always in search of some arcane knowledge.”
Haddad gestured at the new ship as they grew near the place where it was docked. “Would you like to go aboard?” he asked. “It has the large owner’s cabin you requested below decks and a large cargo area as well.”
“This is perfect,” Avor walked up the lowered plank, taking in every detail of his new ship. After inspecting the rigging and the deck area, he said, “Might we sit in the galley for a bit?”
“Of course,” Haddad said. “Would you care for something to eat or drink/”
“Some tea perhaps,” Avor said, “and perhaps some fruit.”
Haddad stuck his head into the galley area where the cook was cutting up vegetables. “Some tea and fruit for the new owner of the ship,” he ordered.
“At once,” the cook replied in the Taz language.
“Avor took a seat at the galley table. “Do you think some of the crew would like to stay with the ship and crew for me here in Hormu?” Avor asked.
“I will ask, but I doubt it,” Haddad said. “Our ship builders are very busy now with the wood you have provided. They have two new ships up on the stays that should be ready for sale in a few months’ time.”
“How will you sell them?” Avor asked. “There is so little trade now in Taz.”
“My brother Physician Rabar is Caliph now. He thought perhaps King Geoffrey might allow Taz to sell its ships out of King’s Lake.”
“Why not sell them here in Hormu?” Avor asked. “We could offer you a very good rate as a ship building partner of sorts.”
“I was rather hoping you might make such an offer,” Haddad admitted. “Hormu is much closer and has even more trading ships coming through than Fernland.”
“It is done then,” Avor said, offering his hand in a handshake to seal the agreement.
“Excellent,” Haddad said.
Avor was quiet for a moment. “Are you aware that my mother is here in Hormu and not in Constantinople?” he finally asked.
“I rather thought she might be,” Haddad said, “I saw someone transfer ships under the cloak of darkness from the Sea Dancer to the Prince Avor just after we left the estuary from King’s Lake.”
“So my father believes my mother to be in Constantinople taking a tour of their mint?” Avor asked.
“Yes, he does. And I may be her only option for returning to Fernland in a ship that has actually been in Constantinople,” Haddad said.
“I see,” Avor said.

Chapter 41

Castle at Hormu

Regent Avor found his mother in Cogatin’s room holding Delphi while she chatted with Electra. Cogatin appeared to be asleep.
“I thought I might find you here,” Avor said to his mother, smiling at the love he saw on her face for her granddaughter.
“Delphi is very strong,” his mother said. “She can already grip my finger tightly.”
Avor nodded. “I am so glad you were able to be here at her birth.”
“It was a happy coincidence,” Delphinia said. “I had no idea Cogatin was expecting.”
Avor paused for a moment, wondering how he could say the next words without offense. “I have just come from a meeting with Admiral Haddad.”
His mother’s expression turned to one of alarm. “Did you mention that I was here?” she asked.
“He already knew,” Avor said. “He saw you transfer from the Sea Dancer to the Prince Avor just out of view of the watchtower.”
Delphinia frowned. “I thought his ship too far away to see.”
“Haddad stopped in at Taz and decided to escort my new ship here before he returns to Fernland.”
“Does he plan to tell King Geoffrey what he saw?” Electra asked.
Avor shook his head. “I doubt it. He thought it might be a good idea for Mother to return with him on the Sea Sprite, since he is coming from Constantinople and it would make sense that she might choose to return with him rather than wait for the Sea Dancer to return.”
“That would be a better plan, Mother,” Electra said. “I have been wondering how we could explain away your returning on the Prince Avor.”
Queen Delphinia pressed Delphi tighter against her chest. “I am not yet ready to leave. How can I? My granddaughter is just coming to know me.”
“What would Father’s reaction be if he knew you had come here to Hormu rather than Constantinople?” Avor asked.
Delphinia’s face flushed and she shook her head.
“He would never have allowed her to leave,” Electra answered for her mother.
“He has forbidden her to see me?” Avor asked.
“Not just Mother,” Electra said. “All of Fernland and Helsop as well. He thinks I have come on Phinn’s ship to visit Taz.”
“Why is he so angry?” Avor asked.
Electra looked at him with an expression of disbelief. “Because you have joined the enemy camp. Not just joined – you have married into the enemy camp. Surely you knew this would be the result.”
Avor stared at his sister. “Barburee is not Fernland’s enemy. Why does he persist in thinking it is? Especially now that I have married into the Great Khan’s family. Barburee would likely come to Fernland’s defense should we be invaded.”
Electra’s expression turned to disgust. “You have always turned a blind eye to Barburee’s atrocities. Look what they did to Taz – a perfectly peaceful city. They burrowed under their city wall to attack and kill them all during the night.”
“Only because they refused to surrender,” Avor argued.
“And why should they have surrendered their city to such a usurper? What right had the Great Khan to take their city?” Electra asked.
“The Great Khan is a unifier of nations under his rule,” Avor said.
“And what right had Barburee to take this city?” Electra demanded. “The Persians were here before he conquered them. Of course they would try to reclaim what was originally theirs.”
Avor shrugged. “To the victor go the spoils.”
“It seems Father does not wish Fernland to become the Great Khan’s spoils,” Electra said decisively.
“Then he should be happy for these new ties that could make Fernland the Great Khan’s ally instead,” Avor argued.
Electra sighed. “I fear you and Father will never find common ground here. Father has disinherited you.”
“Then you are the new heir apparent to Fernland’s throne?” Avor asked with the hint of a smile.
“Worse than that,” his sister said. “He wants to name my son Gregor heir apparent.”
“How is that worse?” Avor asked.
“Dagon sees his son as a citizen of Helsop – not Fernland,” Electra said.
“Perhaps Gregor could unite Fernland and Helsop as a larger kingdom,” Avor said.
“We in Helsop do not wish to be united,” Electra said, gritting her teeth.
“You do not?” Queen Delphinia asked. “Surely that would be a good plan for Helsop.”
Electra opened her mouth, then closed it before speaking.
Avor laughed. “It seems unification is never appreciated by those being absorbed.” He looked at his mother. “I truly wish you could spend more time here with Delphi but I did not realize the danger you had put yourself in by coming here. I would not like to be the cause of dissension between you and Father.”
“But when will I ever see Delphi again? Now you know the truth, you will never come to visit Fernland,” Delphinia moaned.
“We will find a way. Haddad is obviously on your side. You can send messages here to me through him and I can do the same. Perhaps you can accompany Haddad on his next trip to Constantinople. He could stop here and drop you off on the way.”
Delphinia shook her head. “Geoffrey would never allow it. Not when there are explosive weapons on board.” Delphinia put her hand to her mouth, horrified that she had just given away a secret.
Electra looked equally horrified.
“That is the cargo Haddad carries? Weapons?” Avor asked.
“That secret must stay with you,” Electra ordered. “It must never find its way to the Great Khan’s ear.”
“He will not hear it from me,” Avor said. “But I seriously doubt it will stay a secret for long. What does Father thinks he is playing at – selling weapons to Constantinople?”
“He wants to rid the Great Sea of pirates,” Electra said.
“Pirates! I do not think the largest city in the world fears pirates.”
“Perhaps they fear Persians, as you do,” Electra said. “They are free to buy weapons if they choose.”
“Yes, of course,” Avor said. “Perhaps Father would care to sell some weapons to me as well?”
“This conversation has become absurd,” Electra said. “Mother, I believe that Avor is right in one thing, at least. You should take advantage of Haddad’s kind offer. And, in fact, we should be leaving aboard the Prince Avor as well. Phinn has put on his performance and my sons and I have been away from Helsop too long.”
“One more day,” Delphinia begged. “Surely we could all wait one more day.”
Electra was the first to notice Cogatin’s eyes were open and she was looking from face to face at those gathered around her bed.
Avor noticed next and spoke to her calmly in the Barburee tongue.
“What did you tell her?” Electra asked.
“I told her we were only arguing about when you should leave. I told her the truth – that Mother does not want to leave her new grandchild even though the rest of you need to get back. She understands.”
“It is likely for the best that her understanding be limited to that,” Electra said, rising to take Delphi from Delphinia and give the child over to Cogatin.

Chapter 42

Village of Helsop

King Geoffrey arrived with Tandor and his Palace Guard to once again view the aftermath of a fearsome rout. Bodies were being transported away on carts and King Blackwell’s army had already left to return to Henge.
Dagon rode out to meet his father-in-law and found him resigned to having arrived, as usual, too late to join the fight.
“I told young Tandor that we would likely not be needed when he said you had also enlisted King Blackwell’s aid,” Geoffrey huffed.
“I did not know if I could count on King Blackwell, especially since his wife and my wife were absent. Last time I needed his help, Serafina argued in my favor, in hopes of saving Electra’s life.”
King Geoffrey was quiet for a moment. “Yes, that was quite a coincidence, both of them leaving just before the attack.” His eyes bored into Dagon’s eyes. “You knew, did you not? You sent Electra away.”
Dagon shook his head. “I did not know for sure, but I suspected. Fortunately, she asked to go at just the right time. I did suggest she take our sons along with her.”
“I see,” King Geoffrey said. “Electra was quite vague about her reasons for going. Said she had some sort of urgent business in Taz and had to leave right away. You know what all that was about?” Geoffrey asked.
Dagon knew that Electra planned to take Queen Delphinia to Hormu to visit Avor, but he could not remember what excuse they planned to give King Geoffrey to obtain his permission. “Yes, Taz,” Dagon said, searching for some sort of logical reason. “I believe there was some trouble with the birth of Bataar’s child. To keep peace with Barburee I believe she promised to go to check on his development.” His explanation sounded counterfeit even to Dagon’s own ears.
“I thought Bataar’s family had all moved on to China,” King Geoffrey said.
“They keep a small force in Taz,” Dagon said vaguely.
“In any event, you did the right thing, sending her and the boys away,” King Geoffrey said. “It would not do, the three of them witnessing what happened here.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Dagon said, smiling. “I think this time the Vagans may finally have gotten the point.”
“Did you suffer any fatalities?” Geoffrey asked.
“No, a few militia members suffered wounds from hand to hand combat atop the walls, but Blackwell’s army arrived just as their breeching of the walls began. The Vagans brought a much larger force this time and we could easily have been overwhelmed. We have a few holes to fix, caused by explosives, but nothing we cannot handle.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “As long as I am here I can lend a hand with rebuilding your walls. If you remember, at the time the walls were going up, I suggested you increase the height.”
“I do remember,” Dagon said, “and perhaps just now would be a good time to do so.”
King Geoffrey grunted, but looked pleased that his son-in-law was listening to his advice. “How are your stockpiles of weapons?” he asked.
“All but depleted,” Dagon said. “I believe that was one reason King Blackwell agreed to come. I suggested that we might be forced to use some of the canisters we had made for Henge in our own defense, even though we are also quite low on the exploding powder needed to fill the canisters.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “I thought as much. I have brought some exploding powder with me as we have an abundance now from China. I suppose I could leave it here if you have storage space for it.”
“We do. In fact we have the wood from over one hundred Vagan ships to put to use here in Helsop. I believe Dorian’s son Tandor hopes to build an inn to house the traders that are already filtering back in now the attack is put down.”
“An inn?” King Geoffrey shook his head. “I never thought I would see the day Helsop would have a need to house visitors.”
“You, of course, are not a visitor. You will stay at the castle with me,” Dagon said, “however if you would care to have your own place to stay when you come next to visit, we can now arrange for that construction as well.”
“Will you take me to see these hundred ships?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Most certainly,” Dagon said. “I must warn you however, we did suffer one great loss. The fishing boats you gave us for a wedding gift were our first casualties. The Vagans set them on fire as soon as they arrived. I suppose they did not want any of us to escape on them.”
“Not inclined to mercy, it appears,” King Geoffrey said. “Likely not surprised then, to find none for themselves.”

King Geoffrey gave orders to his palace guardsmen to begin work on the castle walls and to follow Deimos’s instructions with regard to the explosive powder they had brought along.
Dagon asked Dag to make sure all the palace guardsmen were given food and water and access to whatever tools and materials they needed. He brought out a fresh horse for King Geoffrey and the two men set out for Cold Lake.
“I can feel the cold coming off the glacier,” King Geoffrey said as they neared the ice blue mountain.
“It makes for a cool breeze,” Dagon agreed. “The Vagans left their ships about a mile up the coast. The last time they came we met them with exploding arrows. This time they were careful to leave their ships out of reach.”
“How did you know they were coming?” Geoffrey asked.
“Maki the Scout, Dag and I rode out on tips from those manning our outposts. We found the Vagans massing a day’s journey past our last outpost. Militia men at our outpost had seen just a glimpse of one or two ships that seemed Vagan-shaped vessels, always in the act of hiding from sight. It was enough to arouse suspicions. We went out twice on reconnaissance missions before we spotted them.”
“It might be well to downplay the dangers to our wives when they return,” Geoffrey said.
“Queen Delphinia is gone as well?” Dagon asked innocently.
“Yes, some nonsense about our needing a mint in Fernland to make our own coinage. She went along with Serafina to view the mint in Constantinople.”
“I wondered where Serafina had gone,” Dagon said. “Why did she go to Constantinople?”
“She has some notion of finding the secret of making Greek fire. Thinks she will find the formula in the Imperial Library there in Constantinople,” Geoffrey said. He leaned in closer and lowered his voice. “I told Delphinia to keep an eye on her. I do not want some explosive that burns in water aboard any ship of mine. Too dangerous. But I suppose King Blackwell might want it aboard when it is his turn to send out a shipment aboard the Sea Sprite. You might argue against it being aboard if you include any of your own products to add to his shipment.”
 “We have nothing just now,” Dagon said. “In fact, we have promised orders enough to keep us busy for a year or more.” Dagon drew up his horse and pointed ahead. “There we have our captured fleet of Vagan ships.”
King Geoffrey drew in his breath as he viewed the great horde of ships. “You have enough lumber there for a hundred inns,” he exclaimed.
“Just so,” Dagon said. “Though two at least will be refitted as fishing boats.”

Chapter 43

Mount Lebanon

Shalin and Soldad sat around the glowing embers of their campfire wrapped in furs. The others had moved into tents to lay out their pallets. It had been a long, emotional day, fleeing from an unseen enemy.
“Do you foresee trouble when we reach Bayrut?” Shalin asked.
Soldad frowned, an unusual expression for one who seemed to always find a bright side. “There are many of the new religion now living in Bayrut. They may have had word of their leaders’ recent victories. They may draw energy from that and presume to harass those who appear Byzantine.”
“Should we wear disguises?” Shalin asked.
She could see that Soldad was considering her suggestion seriously. Finally he shook his head.
“I do not think we should take the time to concoct disguises. It is important that we get word to the emperor as soon as possible about the need for reinforcements here. I have friends among the Maronites. They will see we get to our ship safely.”
“Are these the descendants of Yeshua’s people who now follow his teaching?” Shalin asked.
“No, the Jews keep to the old ways wherever they go. There are Israelites even in Constantinople living peacefully among the followers of Yeshua.”
“And you who follow Yeshua cannot convince them that your God was also their God?” Shalin asked.
“No,” Soldad said, smiling. “Even in their holy book of prophecy, God called them stiff-necked people. Their prophets told them such a one was coming, but they do not believe Yeshua was the one. They still wait for their Messiah and King to appear on earth.”
“Perhaps they are right,” Shalin suggested.
Soldad laughed. “We who believe in Yeshua see miracles and become believers,” he said.
“So you believe the miracles described in the Fish Book really took place?”
“I believe they must have. Otherwise why would his apostles put their lives in danger by proclaiming his truths, even suffering the deaths of martyrs for his namesake?”
“They did that?” Shalin asked. “They were killed simply for believing he was God?”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “They were killed, and many others of his followers as well. They went to their deaths for believing Yeshua’s words, and I am ashamed to say many of those deaths were at the hands of my own ancestors, the Romans.”
Shalin shook her head sadly. “People believe what they are told for the most part. Why should that be a crime? Those who proclaim beliefs to be truths are to blame.”
Soldad nodded.” Yet belief is all Yeshua asks of us. To believe what he said based on the life he led and the fulfillment of his promise to rise from the dead.”
“Yes, that fulfillment would certainly make believers of his followers,” Shalin agreed. “So that is your belief as well?”
“It is,” Soldad said, “and it is a great comfort to me in times such as this.”
“Times when your life may be in danger?” Shalin asked.
“Times when I can call on Yeshua for help,” Soldad said, smiling.
“Bayrut is a large city, but it does not seem so prosperous as other port cities I have seen,” Shalin said. “Does the emperor neglect it because the people who live there are not followers of Yeshua?”
“No, it was once a great city with the world’s first school of law. People from every nation came there to study. But it fell to a series of devastating earthshakes—even stronger than the one we survived in Antok. Almost all the inhabitants were killed—perhaps thirty thousand. The city was left in shambles and never really recovered. Most feared to take up residence there.” 
“How dreadful,” Shalin said. “Henge has never experienced an earthshake to my knowledge.”
“Some regions seem plagued by them,” Soldad said. “Yet Bayrut has always been a great center of trade, even with its tendency to split apart from time to time. It is mentioned in the Jewish book of prophecy many times, under many different conquerors.”
“Truly?” Shalin asked, very interested now. “What are its most ancient beginnings?”
“I only know what I have learned from the Jewish book of prophecy and the writings of histories from old Greek and Roman times, but over a thousand years ago Babylonian armies defeated the Assyrians who had lived there and a man called Nebuchadnezzar came to the throne. Then he was conquered at the siege of Tyre and a group led by Cyrus the Great took over. Then followed Darius who fell to the Phoenicians. The Persians ruled for two hundred years before Alexander the Great conquered large swaths of the world. During Yeshua’s time, Herod the Great ruled under Roman authority. Just now we Byzantines are in power, but now as in olden times, our authority is fragile at best.”
“Amazing,” Shalin said. “It seems there has never been a real time of peace around the Great Sea. Always those in power must constantly defend their borders.”
“Such is life in our world,” Soldad agreed.
“And yet you remain cheerful and optimistic,” Shalin noted.
“How could I be otherwise in the presence of an angel?” Soldad teased.
“This angel seems to have a very human need for sleep,” Shalin said, smiling, “though I appreciate your vast knowledge of ancient history more than you can possibly know, and hate to give in to fatigue while I still have questions to ask.”
“I will still be here in the morning,” Soldad said, smiling as he banked the fire and gathered his fur cape around him. “Go now and get the rest you need.”
The next morning they were up and packing again before dawn. Their Byzantine guide seemed apprehensive and urged everyone to eat atop their camels as soon as it was light enough to see the trail ahead.

They reached the outskirts of the city of Bayrut late that afternoon and their guide called a halt. After conferring with Soldad, the guide signaled a detour away from the caravansary to a section of town near some toppled castle ruins.
My friends live here,” Soldad told the women. “We will leave our animals here in exchange for their assistance in getting us safely to our ship.”
Serafina asked a question. “What sort of resistance do you anticipate?”
“There may be unruly mobs taking up arms against those of opposing faiths,” Soldad said. “Then again, there may be no trouble at all. It depends on what sort of rumors are circulating among the residents.” Soldad excused himself and went to the door of the house of his friends.
Serafina looked at the twins and spoke decisively. “You are not to use your powers unless absolutely necessary. I do not want our guide carrying back stories to the governor’s family. But, if necessary, you will hold back any who try to attack us. You may cause them to stumble or fall into one another in their excitement to take us captive, but no one is to go unaccountably flying through the air or stabbing themselves with their own weapons. Understood?”
The twins nodded, already planning their strategy should a mob attack them.

Chapter 44

City of Bayrut

Soldad came out of the house of the Maronite family with a concerned expression.
He spoke a few words with their Byzantine guide before turning his attention to the women.
“My friend has offered us lodging in his house. He says it is not safe just now to be out in the city.” Soldad paused, searching for words that would be honest yet not fear-inducing.
Shalin hoped he would not waste precious time with comforting platitudes and put just a hint of that feeling into his mind.
“Even though my friend is likely correct, I believe it is important that we leave for Constantinople without delay to inform the emperor of events here and in Damascus,” he said.
“Yes, we must,” Helena begged.
Soldad nodded at the governor’s daughter. “I know of a route through some of the old temples and baths toppled by earthshakes that will take us to the wharf while avoiding the most populated areas. What say you all?”
The twins and Serafina gave their agreement and the group remounted their camels to follow Soldad.
They hurried through areas where buildings had suffered fire damage and bands of youths armed with sacks of rocks shouted insults at them.
They entered a section of town where barricades had been erected among the ruins of ancient buildings and decided to leave their camels behind for their Byzantine guide to collect on his return to Damascus.
Shalin could smell the salty air of the sea and judged they must not be too far from the wharf where their ship waited, hopefully still intact and seaworthy.
A band of young men, around the age of the twins, emerged from an old church laughing as flames and smoke followed them from within the church.
On seeing the strangers in Byzantine dress, the youths took up an aggressive stance. They were about a dozen in number and obviously bent on mischief.
They began yelling oaths that the twins did not understand. Certainly they were not speaking Greek or any other language Shalin was familiar with.
The Byzantine guard already had his shield up and his sword unsheathed. He shouted something at the young men that gave them pause for a moment.
But soon, buoyed up by one another, the mob of teens began picking up bits of fallen masonry and throwing them at those they viewed as enemies.
The young men appeared impoverished to Shalin and Esme. They were dressed in tattered long-sleeved cotton shirts, dark colored, over baggy wide pantaloons that had once been white. They all wore light colored turbans on their heads.
The twins made sure none of their rocks found their targets, but appeared to be near misses.
Frustrated by their inability to find their marks, the marauders began throwing bigger stones and advancing in a menacing way.
Esme had grown impatient with their antics and turned one who was just at the point of releasing his missile so that his rock hit one of his comrades instead.
The shocked youth who had been hit in the head by his friend, felt for the lump and saw his hand come away streaked with blood. He lunged for his attacker and the two fell to the ground in a thrashing heap.
The remaining mischief-makers pulled the two apart and with sharp words and redirected their attack back to the Byzantines. Shalin joined her sister in the same tactic of turning one on the other until the whole group was engulfed in a melee of infighting.
Soldad, Serafina and the twins all knew what had happened here, with the twins using their powers to diffuse the situation.
But the Byzantine guide and Helena appeared mystified. The soldier shrugged and sheathed his sword.
After a moment, Helena said, “Their zeal for the new religion has likely turned their minds to irrational violence.”
“That certainly looks to be the case,” Soldad said, as they made a detour around the burning church and walked on towards the wharf.

Coming at last to the wharf area, their Byzantine guide held up his arm in a stop motion. Much of the wharf had been set afire. The ships which had not burned or sailed away were anchored out a ways from shore. None of the small rowboats left on the shore were still seaworthy.
“There is the Sea Dancer,” Soldad said, pointing to his ship, held at anchor just out of archery range.
“Perhaps we should find shelter close by until dark,” Soldad suggested. “I may be able to fashion a raft from the burned planks that will hold together long enough to get us aboard.”
“No,” Helena said. “We must leave without delay. Many lives may depend on it. Do we all know how to swim?” she asked, looking around at her companions.
The twins and Serafina nodded, realizing they would have to leave their luggage behind.
Soldad was reluctant. “If these marauding rebels notice us, they will salt the water with arrows. It is too dangerous.”
“Perhaps we could create a distraction that would hold their attention away from us,” Esme suggested.
“What sort of distraction?” Soldad asked.
Serafina looked as though she was about to put a stop to Esme’s scheme but Esme was too quick. “Perhaps the collapse of one of the buildings over there near the market?” she suggested.
“How would you manage that?” The Byzantine guard asked.
Serafina spoke up. “Remember we are the purveyors of explosive weapons,” she said. “And we still have our luggage with us.”
The twins knew that their luggage held only clothes and dried fruit and nuts, but the guard did not share that knowledge.
“We will circle around and set some fuses to explode,” Serafina said, pulling the twins with her before anyone could forbid it. “Be ready to rush into the sea as soon as we return.”
Esme was very excited and eager to have her mother as an accomplice in her plan.
“I can send that marble colonnade crashing to the ground,” she said gleefully as Serafina led them around the outskirts of the market.
“I believe that would be suspect even for our imaginary weapons,” Serafina said. “See that storage area to the right of the market entrance? Let us go there and discover what it contains.”
They slipped past another burning church and saw that with all the turmoil going on in the city, the door to a storage shed had been left open and unguarded.
Once inside the small building, as their eyes adjusted to the gloom, they saw bags of feed for animals, stacks of cloth and in one corner, a pile of cylinders they all immediately recognized. Fire flowers.
“I believe we can accomplish our objective without the use of your powers,” Serafina said.
A few minutes later, the three slipped out of the storage shed and were half way back to join their group when the first fire flower blasted through the roof of the shed.
“You are masters of your trade,” Soldad said as they bid their Byzantine guard farewell and plunged into the cool waters of the Great Sea.”
Back on shore no one noticed their departure, all being entirely distracted by the show in the air above their heads.

Chapter 45

Palace Fortress of Hormu

Electra sat with her mother and Cogatin in the great hall of Hormu’s palace. Cogatin had regained enough strength to sit atop a pallet and drink mare’s milk from a cup. The four boys, Gregor, Soren, Altan and Octai ran about the large room playing a game of tag.
“We have enjoyed our stay in Hormu,” Electra said gently, trying to remind her mother that they were here to say goodbye.
Delphinia was holding Delphi, but looked up at her daughter’s words. “Perhaps we might stay a little longer?”
“We have all agreed that today must be the day. Haddad must return to Fernland and report to King Geoffrey, then go on to Henge for his next cargo. I must return to my school and to Dagon, who has had no word from us these many days. We all have responsibilities, as do you.”
Delphinia sighed and stood up, handing Delphi over to her mother. She kissed the infant, then leaned forward to kiss Cogatin’s cheek as well.
Cogatin seemed moved by the gesture and said a few words that neither Electra nor Delphinia understood.
“Gregor, Soren, say goodbye to your friends. Shake hands like gentlemen,” Electra said.
The two boys did as they were ordered, leaving Altan and Octai confused and unhappy as they ran to their mother’s side.
Cogatin spoke to them in the Barburee language and must have told them that their new friends had to leave Hormu.
Altan seemed upset by the news while Octai only appeared sad and sat down beside his mother.
Electra bowed before Cogatin and smoothed the dark fringe of hair on Delphi’s head.
Cogatin placed her hand over her heart in a sign of gratitude. She started to stand, but Electra shook her head and placed her hand on Cogatin’s shoulder to indicate she should stay resting.

Electra, her sons and her mother found Avor and the acting troupe outside in the courtyard surrounded by their luggage.
Avor stopped his conversation with Phinn to come to his mother and sister.
“Haddad is waiting for you aboard his ship,” Avor told his mother. “Thank you so much for coming to visit, both of you.” 
“We have said our goodbyes to your family,” Electra said, hugging her brother. “Your Delphi is a treasure.”
“Yes,” Avor agreed. “We will see you again. Now that I have a ship we might meet closer to Fernland. Perhaps at Lands End?”
Electra remembered that Lands End was the place where she first discovered she had a brother. She had just turned sixteen when her younger brother came from Fernland to find her.
“Yes,” Delphinia said, not waiting for Electra’s agreement. “When could you come?”
“Perhaps this time next year? As soon as the winter storms have passed?” Avor offered.
“Only send a message when you arrive and I will find a way to meet you there,” his mother said. “Will you bring your family?”
“Yes, we will all come,” Avor promised. “Perhaps by then the seats of power in the world will have shifted. Father may decide to come and meet his granddaughter as well.” He turned to Electra. “Will you come? With my nephews?”
“I cannot promise. We have likely been too long away from home on this visit in Dagon’s eyes. But I will try.”
“Bring Dagon, too,” Avor said unexpectedly.
Electra was happy to hear her brother extend the invitation to Dagon. She knew he had nursed a grudge against Dagon for years because Dagon had kept him prisoner in Helsop when Avor was only fourteen years old. Apparently all was forgiven now.
“I will tell Dagon he is invited to meet his new nephews and niece,” she said.
They all began walking toward the wharf where the two ships, the Prince Avor and the Sea Sprite were tied up alongside Avor’s new ship, the Queen Cogatin.
Phinn was astounded to see a large group of Barburee soldiers assembled there to see the acting troupe off.
“What is all this?” a startled Phinn asked Avor.
Avor smiled. “You are all heroes in the eyes of Barburee. You represent the Iron Warrior and his mighty conquests.”
As the acting troupe watched, the group of soldiers began a triumphant song accompanied by trumpets and drums.
“We have never had such a sendoff,” Phinn exclaimed. “Perhaps we should come again one day to perform.”
“You are always most welcome,” Avor said.
Delphinia, too, was moved by the display. “And when you do,” she said, “you must bring me as well.”
Phinn smiled at the Queen. “If such a thing becomes acceptable, I will certainly oblige you.”
Delphinia appeared to be content with the qualified promise.
When the song of victory had ended and the soldiers began to disperse; Phinn and the acting troupe went aboard their ship.
Electra gave one last hug to her mother before following the acting troupe aboard the Prince Avor.
Avor helped his mother aboard the Sea Sprite and Haddad came to the rail to welcome her.
“We are lighter now with no cargo aboard,” he said. “We may be able to keep pace with the Prince Avor.”
“I hope so,” Delphinia said. “It is comforting to see another ship in the vast expanse of the sea.”
Haddad called a sailor over to carry Delphinia’s luggage and show her to her cabin. As soon as she was gone, he spoke to Avor in a businesslike voice.
“My brother the Caliph will have to make the final decision about where to sell his new ships, but I am quite sure he will choose Hormu. As you say, it is closer and has more ship traffic then does Fernland.”
Avor nodded. “Our ship traffic increases daily, now that spring is come.”
Admiral Haddad paused, frowning. He looked up then at his old friend. “You know I am walking a narrow path here as Admiral of Fernland. The only reason King Geoffrey has not forbidden my dealings with you is because he does not know of them. A slip of the tongue on your mother’s part could end my career and possibly my life.”
“I do know,” Avor said. “And I am grateful for your trust. Should you lose your position with Fernland, I know you would choose to become Master Shipbuilder at Taz, but you should also know you always have a second option of becoming Admiral of Hormu’s fleet, such as it is.” He smiled as he looked at Hormu’s single ship.
Haddad returned his smile. “I am accustomed to being admiral of a fleet that consists of a single ship. But, as you say, I do not think it will come to that. I intend to keep my dealings with Hormu to a minimum. My brother may decide to enlarge trade relations with Hormu, especially as far as your wood products are concerned, but due to your close ties to the Great Khan I should not count on it, were I you.”
Avor nodded. “I have learned to count only on myself these days,” Avor said. “I intend on enlarging my sphere of influence by keeping my word and offering fair terms in my business dealings.”
“That sounds a good strategy,” Haddad said.
Avor shook hands with Haddad and walked down the gangplank to the wharf.
The Prince Avor was already untied and drifting into the channel with sails unfurled. Avor waved goodbye to Electra and her sons standing at the ship’s rail.
Sharp orders from Admiral Haddad had his sailors running to catch up. Soon the Sea Sprite was following the Prince Avor into the shipping channel.
Delphinia stood at the ship’s rail waving until the channel turned and disappeared from Avor’s view. He turned and walked back to the palace. 

Chapter 46

Village of Helsop

Dagon wished desperately that his wife Electra was here in Helsop with him. Her father had been here a week now and showed no signs of leaving.
King Geoffrey had put his Palace Guardsmen to work raising the height of the wall around Helsop’s castle and was now huddled with Tandor fussing over plans for Helsop’s new inn.
Dagon decided he must come to Tandor’s rescue and so he took a seat at the dining room table in the school of medicine where the two men had drawings for the new enterprise spread out across the table.
“There you are,” Coco the Parrot cried out in Electra’s voice. This was Coco’s favorite phrase to announce Dagon’s arrival anytime he appeared in the school of medicine. Dagon found it oddly comforting to hear his wife’s voice, even if it was coming from a parrot’s beak.
“Good morning, Gentlemen,” Dagon said.
King Geoffrey smiled up at his son-in-law. “Young Tandor and I have made a few changes to the inn’s design,” he said.
Dagon groaned inwardly as he managed a polite smile. “Oh? What sort of changes?” He knew Tandor and his father Dorian the Master Sword Maker had decided to take on the construction of the new inn for Helsop and he doubted Tandor would welcome advice from King Geoffrey.
Tandor did not seem impatient or resentful as he stood and leaned over the drawings. “King Geoffrey wants to put up the money necessary for the addition of a royal suite that would be used by him and Queen Delphinia when they visit Helsop.”
Dagon was shocked to realize that he was in agreement with his father-in-law’s idea. During previous visits he and Electra had offered the king and queen a variety of options – their own room in the castle which Delphinia had always refused, saying “We will not take your bed away from you.” The second option – a bed at the school of medicine, was also refused. The third option was usually the one decided upon – Dagon’s old house, a small one-room drafty abode with cots for beds.
This new addition to the inn could finally provide a place to stay more appropriate to a king and queen.
“What a fine idea,” Dagon said enthusiastically, “and what a nice surprise for Queen Delphinia when next she visits.”
“Exactly my thoughts,” King Geoffrey said, beaming.
Dagon realized suddenly that King Geoffrey was lonely. That was why he continued to stay on here at Helsop. He missed Delphinia as much as Dagon missed his own wife. He leaned in closer to view the plans for the new addition.
“I thought we could add on here at the fireplace in the entry hall,” Tandor said. “We could make it a two-sided fireplace sharing a chimney. On the new addition’s side, it would open onto a private sitting area. That way we could keep the new suite warm without intruding on the occupants’ privacy.”
“Very clever and well thought out,” King Geoffrey said, nodding.
“Of course we would like your permission to rent the suite out to wealthy traders when you are not in residence if that is acceptable,” Tandor said to King Geoffrey.
“Yes,” King Geoffrey agreed. “I understand that this is a business enterprise expected to show a profit. Fernland might take a small percentage of such rents.”
Dagon thought the inn could be a very profitable enterprise indeed, built with lumber from captured Vagan ships and now further financed with funds from King Geoffrey’s coffers.
“I understand some of the Hammer Haven residents hope to build a stable close by or even a caravansary of sorts to house the mounts of traders staying at the inn,” Dagon said.
Tandor nodded. “King Geoffrey and I are going to ride out King’s Lake soon to lay claim to a few of the captured Vagan ships.”
Dagon realized things were moving rapidly and he had better take charge before rivalries for the captured ships took root.
“I believe I will ride out with you,” he said quickly. “I had thought to give those wounded in battle first choice of projects they may like to undertake with this new bonanza of lumber. And of course to you, Tandor, with Helsop’s thanks for your outstanding endurance in riding so quickly to notify King Geoffrey of our dire situation.”
“It was my duty as a militia man,” Tandor said. “But I thank you all the same.”
“I expect you will have enough lumber to go around,” King Geoffrey said. “Never in my life have I seen so many ships massed together in one place.”
Dagon nodded. “The Vagans meant to obliterate us for the insult we gave them when last they attacked Helsop.”
“Tandor and I were wondering about the placement of the inn,” King Geoffrey said. “We thought with the school of medicine across from the clinic and Yeshua’s Bower, they make a center of sorts for visitors, so it might be appropriate to place the inn somewhere close by.”
Dagon felt his father-in-law was being a bit too possessive of Tandor’s inn now that he had become an investor, but decided that was Tandor’s problem, not his. “Had you a place in mind, Tandor?” he asked.
“Let’s go outside and I will point out a few spots I thought might serve,” Tandor said.
The three men walked out to a fresh spring day. “There is a likely site, just beside Yeshua’s Bower. It has the advantage of the lovely flowers and Esme’s animal hospital for visitors to enjoy,” Tandor said. “Actually, any number of plots along this main road entering into the village would suffice.”
“We should perhaps reserve some space next to the Bower, should Esme choose to expand her animal hospital,” Dagon said, “and perhaps allow extra room should you decide to expand your inn at a future date.”
“Yes,” King Geoffrey said before Tandor could speak. “You should consider the possibility of future expansion.”
Tandor nodded, walking a short way down the road leading to and from Helsop. “Perhaps along in here would be a good place to claim.”
“And be sure to consider the placement of the caravansary into your plans,” King Geoffrey added. “You want to make it convenient, but also too far away to carry unpleasant odors into the inn.”
Tandor seemed comfortable with King Geoffrey’s input and moved a bit further down the road. “Just here, would be good,” Tandor said. “I will put down a marker.”
The three men continued on to the militia stables and chose mounts for the trip to King’s Lake, remarking on the slim selection of horses. “Where have all the horses gone?” Dagon said. “Are there maneuvers taking place that I am unaware of?”

Dagon’s question was answered when the three men arrived at King’s Lake. It seemed the whole of Helsop was here, walking among the captured ships, pointing at this one and that one, making plans.
Dagon knew it was only a matter of time before arguments broke out among his villagers. He quickly dismounted, stood atop a flat boulder and called out in a loud voice.
“Gather round, everyone. We will divide the spoils systematically. Those who were wounded in Helsop’s defense will receive priority. We will still have plenty of ships to allocate after two are set aside for fishing and the merits of each idea for new enterprises considered by a committee I will now appoint.”
All those gathered around looked eagerly to their leader.
“Deimos, Dorian the Master Sword Maker, Master Blacksmith Steig of Hammer Haven and myself will make up the committee. Beginning this afternoon, you may bring your ideas to us at militia headquarters and we will allot the lumber on the basis of need and merit for the community.”
As Dagon stepped down from the boulder, King Geoffrey nodded and said, “Well done.”

Chapter 47

City of Constantinople

As the Sea Dancer neared the wharf at Constantinople, Soldad stood at the bow, ready to jump ashore and run to tell the emperor what was happening in Damascus. He had already assembled the crew to tell them to stay aboard in case the emperor ordered them to return to Damascus immediately with a load of weapons or soldiers.
Shalin, Esme, Serafina and Helena waited to disembark until the ship was tied to the dock.
“Shall we return to Soldad’s villa or go first to the palace?” Esme asked her mother.
“We had best go to the villa first,” Serafina said. “Since we were forced to leave our formal dresses behind in Bayrut and have only the few things we left aboard the ship, we will need to have baths and change clothes before we do anything else.”

Leaving the crew behind, the four women began the long walk through the marketplace and up the hill to Soldad’s villa.
Serafina stopped in the silk market and bought enough silk to make new gowns for all of them, including Helena.
When they reached the villa, Valeria opened the door, delighted to see them again. She tilted her head, peering around the four women, expecting to find her son Soldad. “Is Soldad still at the ship?” she asked.
“He has gone to make a report to the Emperor,” Serafina said. “We have much to tell you.”
“And Helena,” Valeria said, pulling the girl forward to hug her. “What a nice surprise you have come to visit.”
Helena burst into tears and leaned, sobbing, against Valeria’s shoulder.
Valeria looked questioningly at Serafina.
“As I said, we have much to tell you.”

In the garden of the villa, fortified with cups of ale and fruit and bread, Serafina drew her account to a close.
“And so, after a somewhat challenging trek through Bayrut, we made haste to return to Constantinople to inform the emperor of the need for reinforcements in Damascus.”
Valeria turned to Helena. “You poor child. Of course you are worried to death for your family’s safety. But they were right to send you here. A soldier and father cannot concentrate on their battle plans if they are worried for the safety of those they hold most dear.”
Shalin saw the wisdom in Valeria’s words and viewed her father’s fears over his daughters’ special powers in a new light.
“I might have been a help,” Helena protested, sniffing back a new threat of tears.
“Surely you have not been trained as a soldier,” Valeria said.
“No,” Helena admitted.
“Then better you are here with us. We can be more of a help with our prayers than we could on a field of battle.”
Shalin wondered about the truth of that remark but took note of the fact that Valeria had faith that Yeshua would answer such prayers if possible.

Soldad came into the garden as the group of women were about to head for the baths.
Valeria hugged her son tightly before releasing him and asking, “What will the emperor do?”
“He is sending word to Antok to ready a legion of men for immediate assistance. He is also sending weapons aboard two ships bound for Bayrut, though it will be a dangerous journey carrying them up over Mount Lebanon. I offered to go, of course, but he declined my offer and said it was more important we see to Helena’s safety. He has invited us all to the palace for dinner.” He turned to Helena. “The emperor asked me to tell you especially, that should you change your mind about staying here at the villa, to bring what you have to the palace and move in with him there. He says he would be glad of your company.”
Helena smiled, but then shook her head. “I doubt he even remembers me,” she said. “I barely remember him. I was too young to appreciate what an important person he was.”
“A grandparent is not likely to forget a grandchild,” Valeria said.
Shalin could see in Valeria’s mind that she included herself in those words. She was hopeful that she might one day be a grandmother.
Helena shrugged. “I prefer to stay here unless I see evidence that he was sincere in claiming loneliness.”
Soldad looked hungrily at the leftovers on the table and bid the ladies to go ahead with their baths. He said he would deal with the remains of their refreshments.

As the women relaxed into the warm baths, Serafina told Valeria in more detail what had become of their formal clothes, left in a heap on the beach in Bayrut as they swam out to their ship.
“No matter,” Valeria said. “I have gowns enough for all and Sophia can make any alterations necessary for tonight’s dinner with  Emperor Licinius.”

That evening, decked out in Valeria’s finery, the group from the villa made their way down the hill to the palace in a carriage sent by the emperor.
“Do you think Grandfather may have any news yet on the situation in Damascus?” Helena asked Soldad.
“I do not think anyone could have come faster than we did aboard the Sea Dancer but we can always hope,” Soldad said.
Helena nodded. “We all sent up prayers from the baths,” she said.
“That will certainly help,” Soldad said.
Shalin was amazed to see in their minds that they all truly believed prayers would help.

At the palace the carriage was met by footmen who slid over a block of wood for the ladies to step down on, offering each a hand to prevent any mishaps.
A page led them to the royal dining room, a room resplendent with gold painted walls and a mirrored ceiling that reflected the flames of many candles burning atop sparkling crystal chandeliers. 
Emperor Licinius, along with several of his war ministers, joined them after a short wait. The emperor was dressed in a formal purple robe heavily adorned with gold braid and various military metals from past campaigns.
After hugging his granddaughter and assuring her he remembered her very well, he invited everyone to choose their own seats, except for Soldad, who he indicated should take the seat immediately to his right hand.

The dinner was very grand, with many courses and there was even a specially decorated cake to welcome Helena home to Constantinople with her family crest portrayed in frosting of different colors.
During the dinner, various war ministers at the table were interrupted with whispered messages that demanded they leave the table to deal with urgent matters.
Licinius himself was given a message that called for his immediate attention and he excused himself for a few minutes, returning to whisper something in Soldad’s ear that brought a sudden raising of eyebrows and worried glances down the table in Helena’s direction.
Both Shalin and Esme were at work divining the various messages from the minds of those seated around them, so they were not taken by surprise later that night on the return trip from the castle to the villa. 
Soldad sat in the carriage across from Helena. He took her hand in his before speaking.
“Your grandfather did not want to spoil your homecoming dinner so he did not report to us as promptly as he might have.” He held more tightly to Helena’s hand. “It seems one of the birders in the city who keeps carrier pigeons has had a message from the Levant. It was a short message without details, as it had to fit the pigeon’s foot without too much added weight. It said only, ‘Damascus has fallen to the Arabs.”’
Helena looked stunned, as did Serafina and Valeria.
“Nothing more?” Helena asked.
“No, and we have no way yet to judge the truth of it,” Soldad said.
Valeria put her arms around Helena and wept with her.

Chapter 48

Villa at Constantinople

The twins saw little of Soldad for the next two days. Valeria was busy taking Helena around the city, trying to distract her from her worries. So far they had no confirmation of what was happening in Damascus and the emperor was going ahead with plans for sending weapons and reinforcements to his beleaguered colony of Levant.
Esme had no agenda for her time in Constantinople and was happy to spend every free hour painting with Tome in the de Medich’s beautiful garden.
While Shalin and her mother were off in Constantinople’s marketplace buying the possible components of Greek fire, Esme was considering her sketches of elephant anatomy.
“Soldad has told me there are often elephants in Constantinople’s caravansary,” Esme said to Tome. “Perhaps I should go to hold my sketches up to the real animal rather than relying on my memory.”
“The caravansary elephants come and go,” Tome said. “But we keep two elephants outside the Cathedral of the Logos in case their great strength is needed for renovation projects.”
Esme remembered the impressive cathedral from her last visit to Constantinople. She could find it easily as it was on the main thoroughfare through the city.
“Would I be allowed to see them if I went today to the Cathedral?”
Tome put down his paintbrush. “I do not know, but to be sure, I will go with you. I never dismiss an opportunity to visit the Logos. I hope to eventually live close by the Cathedral in a monastery there.”
Esme gathered up her sketches, took several more blank papers and a few pieces of charcoal. “I am ready.”
Tome smiled. “As am I. We must pray for Levant while we are there.”
“Of course,” Esme said, wondering if praying really had any effect other than bringing comfort to the one praying.
They set out down the hill with a view of the Cathedral’s high dome in the distance.

The Cathedral of the Logos was full of citizens praying for their relatives stationed in Levant. Many candles were lit and many petitioners knelt before statues or paintings of Yeshua and the Virgin Mary, murmuring incantations and sacred vows. 
Tome knelt before a cross and prayed silently while Esme pretended to do the same. She remembered the governor and his son and the generous hospitality they had offered even as they were burdened with their own great worries. She planted a plea into the plaster figure that hung on the cross. If you are truly listening, please save that good and generous family, at least.
They left the great echoing Dome of the Logos and stepped out a side door to a work area beside the cathedral. Supplies were stored under an awning and a few men worked there sanding and painting pews that needed refinishing.
Tome greeted the men as old acquaintances. He spoke to them in Greek. “I have a young apprentice painter here who has need of an elephant to model for her sketches.”
The men laughed and told him he was too young himself to have an apprentice. That he could be their apprentice if he cared to learn how to refinish pews.
Tome joked with the men in a good-natured way until one of them stood up from his work and smiled at Esme. “Hercules will be happy to have your company,” he said, “He fancies himself most worthy of attention.”
The man who introduced himself as Marcus led them to a large stable with a corral where two elephants were busy stripping the foliage from a downed tree.
One of the elephants lifted its trunk when Marcus whistled.
“That one is Hercules,” Marcus said. “Will he do for a model?”
Esme was in awe. “He is magnificent. He is much bigger than the ones I saw in North Africa.”
“Yes, he comes from central Africa. They are bigger there,” Marcus said.

Esme was soon sketching furiously for fear Tome might remind her of some commitment back at the villa.
“The legs are longer then I remembered,” she murmured as she worked.
Tome picked up one of the blank pages and began his own sketch, catching a pose of strength as the elephant stripped branches from the tree with its trunk.
Within a space of two hours, all the blank sheets had been filled, and Esme’s arm was tired from sketching.
“We must go in any case,” Tome said. “Boris is invited tonight for dinner to reunite with his cousin, Helena.”
“Do you think he will ask her to stay at his villa?” Esme asked.
“I am sure he will offer it,” Tome said. “But he lives alone and is seldom at home. His life is spent at his port office.”

They walked quickly back to the villa, pinned their new sketches to a board in the garden and left to dress for dinner.
Esme found Shalin already dressing for what promised to be a formal occasion. Sophia was there to do their hair. She had only just arrived, having been busy with Valeria and Helen’s dressing until now.
Would you like something new?” Sophia asked, “Or did you like the styles you had previously?”
“I liked the one you did last time,” Shalin said. “I have even tried to re-create it myself but without much success.”
Sophia laughed. “It would be easier to do one another’s hair. That way you have the advantage of seeing what is taking place in the back and top of the head.”
The twins laughed with her. “I shall watch carefully each step you take with the creation of your art,” Esme promised.
When the twins entered the garden, properly dressed, coiffed and perfumed, they found Boris already arrived and studying the sketches of Hercules that Esme and Tome had made that afternoon.
“Greetings, Esme and Shalin,” he said. “It is a sad occasion that brings us together, but I look forward to meeting a cousin I barely remember.” He waved his hand in the direction of the sketches. “Tome continues to astound me. His work only increases in aptitude.”
“Actually, all of those sketches save one are mine,” Esme said. “Tome was kind enough to introduce me to Hercules the Elephant and I wasted no time in taking advantage. Seeing a live elephant corrected a few of my false impressions of the proper proportions I drew from memory.”
Boris turned again to look at the sketches. “Truly? All yours save one? This is remarkable work. Let me see if I can choose the one wrought with a different hand.”
He studied the sketches for a moment and successfully chose the one done by Tome.
“This one, I think, shows a more fluid hand; it almost seems to indicate movement of the subject.”
“You are correct,” Esme said. “I have a more staid approach.”
Boris smiled. “I have been described as staid myself. I do not consider it a fault. I find your work quite remarkable.”
Esme smiled and blushed a bit at the compliment.
Shalin wondered if she should remind her sister of her plan to appear mentally unbalanced around eligible members of the emperor’s family.

Chapter 49

Villa at Constantinople

Within a few minutes of their conversation about the elephant sketches, Valeria came into the garden leading a smiling Helena. Helena’s red-rimmed eyes put the lie to her smile and Shalin imagined it had taken a good bit of consoling on Valeria’s part to bring forth Helena’s attempt at goodwill.
“You are here right on time,” Valeria exclaimed, rushing forward to greet Boris. “We have dawdled a bit, wanting to look our best for you.”
“You have certainly succeeded in your efforts,” Boris said gallantly. “Is this vision in purple truly a relative of mine?”
Helena offered her hand to her distant cousin but Boris pulled her into an all-encompassing hug instead.
This time Helena’s smile reached her eyes. “I believe I have a faint remembrance of you,” Helena said.
“That is a good start,” Boris encouraged. “Perhaps I could convince you to divide your time between this villa and my own. Certainly my home could only profit from the presence of such a lovely young person as yourself.”
Helena blushed. “I am already a burden – I do not wish to be a distraction as well. Not now when all attention should be focused on saving our colony in Levant.”
Boris smiled. “We are Byzantines. Surely we are capable of concentrating on two things at once.”
Helena actually giggled at her cousin’s remark. “Perhaps,” she allowed.
“Yes,” Valeria agreed. “Surely even in the worst of times, we can gather for an evening to raise our spirits.” She looked around at her guests. “We are still without our Soldad.”
Boris cleared his throat. “I saw him earlier at the palace. I believe the emperor may have been giving him instructions.”
“Do you know if he has been sent away?” Valeria asked, now appearing concerned.
“I do not,” Boris said. “I was in conference with the guards charged with protection of the port.”
Just then, Soldad ran through the entrance to the garden, breathing heavily.
“So sorry to be tardy,” he said, attempting to catch his breath. “I have run uphill from the palace.”
“What has the emperor charged you with?” Valeria asked.
Soldad managed a smile. “He wants to cement our friendship with Henge – not unexpectedly, I might add. He has asked me to leave at the earliest time that will suit our guests from Henge with a cargo of treasures from Constantinople. It appears the weapons you have seen fit to sell us have become crucial to our retaking of Levant.”
“Retaking?” Helena asked.
“Yes,” Soldad said with a compassionate expression. “The pigeon’s message has proved true. Levant has fallen. But there was a truce, most of our soldiers have been allowed to leave by the same route we took – over Mount Lebanon and down to the seaport of Bayrut where our garrison is being reinforced.”
“Any word on my family?” Helena asked in a small voice.
“My guess would be that they are alive, but we have no confirmation as yet,” Soldad said.
Helena seemed to be standing up-right by a thread and Boris moved closer to put his arm around her. “How did the Arabs prevail so quickly?” he asked. “Surely there was a siege.”
“There was a siege,” Soldad affirmed, but it was short-lived. We had the seven gates of Damascus to defend and a servant of the new religion betrayed us. He managed to get a message to the Arab commander that one of the gates was weakly protected at night. They massed their attack at that gate and were able to gain entry.”
Boris shook his head sadly. “It always comes down to betrayal.”
Soldad sought out Serafina’s eyes. “What is your pleasure, Queen Serafina?” he asked. “Do you wish to return tomorrow to Henge or is there more our fair city may have to offer you?”
Serafina thought for a moment. “I should like to perform a preliminary test of the components we bought today in the marketplace to see if our concoction produces anything akin to the descriptions I have of Greek fire. If results are good I will need to purchase more of those components that are not readily available in Henge.”
“Excellent,” Soldad said. “Nothing would please our emperor more than access to the fabled power of Greek fire. I shall do whatever you need done to assist you.”
“I will need an isolated place near the sea for my testing ground and help to transport the components we purchased today down to the test site.”
“I am at your service,” Soldad said.
Boris, who had evidently been paying close attention, spoke up. “I can make several soldiers available to assist,” he said, “and I will make myself available as well, if I may be of help.”
“Most generous,” Serafina said, “but the nature of the task demands that I work alone.”
Shalin saw that her mother was inferring the task was too dangerous to warrant assistance, when in fact, she did not want anyone but herself to know the secret of the composition of Greek fire. Shalin wondered if she would exclude her daughters as well.
Serafina took a moment to consider so many offers of assistance. “I promised Shalin that I would take her tomorrow to the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library. Of course, now I will not be able to do so. Perhaps one of you gentlemen would be kind enough to relieve me of that responsibility tomorrow in an effort to save time?”
Both men declared themselves ready to attend to Shalin’s whim. While at the marketplace today, Shalin had asked permission to visit Vaspan tomorrow at his library, but her mother was lying about promising to accompany her there. Shalin had not asked her mother to accompany her, nor had she wished her to. She wanted to be free to speak of her ring’s spells if she chose to put her trust in the learned old astrologer. Evidently this was a way to keep both her and the two men from watching and learning the secrets of Greek fire.
“I believe one escort would be sufficient,” Shalin said, “but of course you are both welcome to come along.”
“May I come as well?” Helena asked.
Shalin sighed inwardly. “Of course. You would be most welcome.” Shalin looked around to see if anyone else hoped to be included in the excursion.
Esme said, “I plan to stay here with Tome and began my elephant painting. Especially now that I know we will soon be returning to Henge.”
Valeria said, “And I will stay to keep you company and receive any new information on circumstances in Damascus.” She smiled at her guests. “Now let us sit down to the dinner our servants have worked so hard to prepare in honor of our special guest, Boris.”
They were soon seated and complimenting the fish presented on a huge platter, already cut into pieces but left assembled in the form of the fish, studded with slices of fruit and vegetables to present an artful display. The aroma of exotic spices carried on the gentle breeze in the garden as candlelight flickered from candles set about around the perimeter of the courtyard.
“Tell me what treasures you might like loaded aboard the Sea Dancer as gifts from a grateful emperor,” Soldad said to Serafina. “We have vases, carpets, books, marble statuettes, jade implements and carvings, dried fruits, textiles…” He stopped to see if any of his suggestions had as yet found favor.
I have a fondness for books, but I am sure King Blackwell will be pleased to receive whatever seems good to you,” Serafina said.
“Quite right,” Soldad said with a broad smile.

Chapter 50

Villa in Constantinople

The next morning, Shalin, Serafina, Soldad and Helena assembled outside the villa. Alongside them were piled boxes and sacks full of various substances Serafina had collected from the marketplace. Some, like charcoal and potash were visible in their open boxes, and more were hidden in their closed containers.
An ornate carriage pulled by black Friesian horses with two more horses trailing behind it, stopped in front of them and Boris stepped out of the carriage.
“Here I am, at your service,” Boris said with a slight bow to Serafina. He looked at the assembled boxes and containers. “Most will fit on top of the carriage, but a few will need to go inside. I believe you, your daughter and Helena will all fit inside as well. Soldad and I will take the horses.”
Serafina directed the loading of the boxes and sacks with help from the carriage driver and Soldad. Within a few minutes they were off for the isolated section of the beach Soldad had chosen for the testing site.
It was quite a long ride, as Constantinople was quite a large city, and an isolated spot required some distance.
When they arrived at the deserted beach in a Northwest sector, Shalin breathed in the fresh sea air and realized how much she had missed the natural beauty of the countryside.
Serafina was already busy pulling sacks of unidentified substances from the carriage. “This beach will do very well,” she said.
The two men and the driver immediately set to work unloading boxes from the top of the carriage.
After all the containers were assembled on the beach, Boris turned to Serafina. “I am not really needed to accompany the ladies to the library. Soldad is certainly capable of that task. Might I assist you here in carrying and assembling? I assure you I am not unfamiliar with the care which must be taken around weapons of the explosive variety.”
“Thank you for the offer, but I prefer to work alone,” Serafina said.” I am sure you understand.”
It was obvious to Shalin that what Boris understood was her mother’s unwillingness to share her knowledge of the composition of Greek fire. She saw in his mind that he intended to question Himerius the Librarian without delay about their research at the Imperial Library.
“Certainly, I understand if that is your preference. When would you like us to return with the carriage to collect you and your materials?”
“I plan to make use of the whole day for my tests, so you may return for me at dusk if that is convenient. Tomorrow we will leave for Henge at dawn if I have nothing more to purchase and at noon if I need a second trip to the market.”
“Quite convenient,” Boris said.
Serafina began opening boxes and sacks as Boris and Soldad looked at one another and shrugged.
Soldad opened the door of the carriage and said, “After you, ladies, we will ride with you this time and tie the horses behind the carriage.”

On the way to the library, just as Shalin was wondering why Helena had invited herself along, Helena spoke up.
“I can hardly wait to ask the astrologer what he sees as the outcome to this battle in Damascus.”
Shalin could see that the girl hoped the astrologer might raise her hopes with a good prediction. She did not want to dash her hopes, but at the same time, knew Vaspan was not the sort to make this kind of forecast. At least she did not think he was. 
“Vaspan is more of an astrological historian, I believe,” Shalin said gently. “He studies the ancient methods and predictions of the Babylonian and early Greek astrologers, hence the name, Ptolemaeus Memorial Library. He may not be up to date on recent advances in the reading of signs and star movements.”
Helena was not so easily discouraged. “I am sure he must still study the night sky for signs and omens.”
“Perhaps,” Shalin acquiesced. She wondered what information she herself could expect to learn now that she had three witnesses to any questions she might ask. She had not even bothered to bring her prayer wheel, knowing she could no longer do experiments with Vaspan on her ring. With members of the emperor’s family present, she could do nothing which would necessitate telling Vaspan that she could see the invisible spells written on the ring, just as though she were reading the mind of the ring. Actually, she could only see the top spell and feel the presence of more spells hidden beneath. With the help of Esme, she had been able to decipher the second spell, but nothing past that.
“What do you seek to learn from Vaspan?” Soldad asked Shalin.
Caught off guard, Shalin said the first thing that came to mind. “A jeweler in Tyre said he thought my ring of Persian design. I thought I might ask after the history of early Persian astrologers to perhaps learn more of my ring’s origin.”
“What ring?” Helena asked, searching Shalin’s unadorned fingers.
Shalin took the ring from around her neck and held it out for Helena’s inspection.
Boris also appeared interested and leaned forward for a better view.
“It is beautiful,” Helena said. “And yes, I can see the Persian influence.”
Boris took the ring from Shalin’s hand and held it so that the sun from the carriage window shown on it. “I can see why you thought to ask an astrologer’s opinion. The Pleiades constellation, if I am not mistaken?”
“Yes, you are very astute,” Shalin said.
Helena took the ring from Boris’s hand for a closer look. “I see it now. A couple of the sapphire stars have fallen out.”
Shalin retrieved the ring and hung the gold chain back around her neck. “The last time I spoke to Vaspan, he said such rings were often imbued with spells. I hope to find out more about the ring’s purpose.”
Boris smiled. “It seems magic and mysteries run rampant in your family.”
“It does seem that way,” Shalin agreed.

The carriage driver must have gotten directions ahead of time because he stopped just outside the door to the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library.
They exited the carriage with Boris giving instructions to the driver about where to wait with the carriage while Soldad knocked on the door to the library.
Vaspan opened the door and looked with some trepidation at Soldad and Boris, both richly attired and daunting in their physical appearance. When he spotted Shalin standing beside them, he smiled and seemed to relax.
Shalin introduced her companions along with their titles and asked if he might spare them the time for a visit.
“Please come in,” Vaspan said. “It is not often I have the pleasure of such august visitors.”
Since Helena had been introduced as Lady Helena, daughter of the governor of Levant, Vaspan addressed her first. “I am so sorry to hear of the fall of Levant,” he said, adding, “of course it was not unexpected.”
“What do you mean?” Helena asked.
“The signs were in the stars,” Vaspan said simply.
“Not to our knowledge,” Helena said, frowning.
Vaspan shrugged. “With Mars squarely in Capricorn at the exact time of the vernal equinox? These were most certainly signs of trouble in the East,” he said as though it were common knowledge.
Helena appeared desperate to know more and Shalin despaired of having any of her own questions answered.
Searching Vaspan’s’ mind, Shalin could see that he wished his could comfort Helena with a better forecast, but was quite certain the outcome of this attack would not favor Constantinople. She decided she must regain control of this audience if she was to leave with any new information about her ring.

Chapter 51

Ptolemaeus Memorial Library

Shalin wanted to hoard every minute of her time with Vaspan the Astrologer. She put a suggestion in Helena’s mind that she should stop asking questions and just listen. Then she drew Vaspan’s attention back to her ring by pulling his thoughts to her.
“My friends were kind enough to accompany me here in my mother’s stead since she is otherwise occupied, and we must leave for our home in Henge tomorrow. I hoped to ask you a few more questions about my ring’s origin before I must leave if you are willing.”
Vaspan smiled. “My interest in your ring is akin to your own curiosity. I have often thought of it since you last visited. I hope you have brought it along?”
Shalin pulled the ring out from beneath her tunic and handed it to him. “I understand the Persians who likely crafted it have both an old religion and a new one. I wondered what you could tell me of their old astrological beliefs and whether those beliefs were tied into their spiritual beliefs.” 
“An excellent question,” Vaspan said, his chest puffing out a bit at the challenge. “The ancient Persians were more aptly called astronomers than astrologers. They studied the movement of stars and comets with great mathematical precision. They were Zoroastrians and followed the teachings of Zoroaster. They were fervent believers in the saying, ‘as above, so below’ and looked for reflections of star movements in activities on earth. They were a very compassionate people, it seems, who searched the stars for any indication of coming messiahs or champions who might be born to help those here on earth.”
Shalin took the ring from Vaspan’s hand and hung it in its usual place under her tunic. She could distinctly feel compassion emanating from her ring.
“Do you think my ring could have been crafted as an aid in finding such messiahs?” Shalin asked. “Perhaps Yeshua, himself?”
“Very likely,” Vaspan said. “The coming of Yeshua was prophesied in the holy book of Israel. The Jews were burdened by Roman taxes at the time of his birth. They hoped the birth of their promised Messiah would finally bring relief from their oppressors. Astronomers in Persia had certainly been looking for signs in the night sky that would indicate the coming of the Jewish Messiah. His birth had been foretold hundreds of years before by the prophets Isaiah, Daniel and others.”
“And were there such signs around the time of Yeshua’s birth?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, definitely. One set of signs recorded by the Persians I believe to be most telling,” Vaspan said.
“And what were signs were those?” Shalin asked, growing more excited.
Vaspan arranged his robes around himself more neatly. “Perhaps a bit of background for our guests would be called for before we begin. I know you are an astrologer, Shalin, but such a science is now discouraged in royal circles, I believe.”
Boris nodded politely.
Vaspan smiled. “We have, of course, the fixed stars that keep to their place in the night sky. Such a one is our North Star, ever a guide to men at sea. Then we have our constellations which travel through the sky as clusters. Such a one is the Pleiades which sets around the time of the vernal equinox and tells us we may ready our ships for calmer seas and gentler winds. And last we have the closer stars that are often imbued with faint color and keep to their moving paths. These stars sometimes come to the end of their path at their appointed times and sit in the sky for a bit, sometimes moving for a few weeks in the opposite direction, before moving on in their courses.”
Boris, Soldad and Helena seemed completely absorbed in learning more about this forbidden science of prediction and Shalin was amazed that they would show such interest in a science forbidden by their priests.
Vaspan continued. “Now at the time of Yeshua’s conception, there was what we call a conjunction or a ‘coming together’ of two king stars in the sky. One was a fixed star, Regulus and the other a close star, which the Persians called a wandering star, this one being the king of wandering stars, Jupiter.
 “From its name, Regulus, you can see the inferred kingship. Certainly you can see that the conjunction of two king stars in the night sky, along with the accompanying double brightness would capture the attention of the Persians.”
Shalin interrupted. “But the fixed star, Regulus, could not move. They could not follow its path as was recorded in the Fish Book.”
“Fish Book?” Vaspan asked. “What is this Fish Book?”
Shalin blushed. “Excuse me. This is the book you call the Holy Logos. The copy my cousin owns has the symbol of a fish on its cover. We came to call it the Fish Book as a result.”
Vaspan smiled. “I see. A common Christian subterfuge during times of oppression.”
“Please continue,” Shalin said.
“You are correct in your opinion that Regulus did not move. This conjunction was likely only a sign that put the Persians on the alert. A king was coming, but they had no notion as to where he might be born. Perhaps this was the time rings such as yours were crafted. To give them a token imbued with spells that might aid in the discovery of the new king’s birth place.”
“And there was a subsequent sign in the sky?” Shalin urged.
Vaspan nodded. “There was indeed. A most extraordinary sign. Exactly nine months later, the time of human gestation, Jupiter came into conjunction with Venus. Both wandering stars meeting in the dark sky to form a bright beacon of light. The wandering star of Kings coming together with the wandering star of love and fruitfulness.”
“And one star continued westward?” Shalin asked, leaning forward.
Vaspan shook his head. “Not quite. The conjunction arose in the East as Jupiter traveled in its easterly course. But then an astounding event took place. Soon after the conjunction, Jupiter reached that point I alluded to earlier. It stopped in its easterly course and stayed fixed for several days. Then it changed direction and began to travel west.”
“And the Magi followed it?” Shalin asked, spellbound.
“I can only conjecture, but had it been me who witnessed these two remarkable astrological events, I would have followed it.”
“Did the King Star lead them to Bethlehem?” Soldad asked.
“It would have. For several weeks the Logos says the star traveled before them. This would mean the star traveled west to lead them to Bethlehem,” Vaspan said. “I believe this could have been the star referred to in the Logos. Once it reached its most distant western point, it would have reversed course to continue on its easterly path.” 
“A most astounding explanation,” Boris said.
Vaspan shrugged. “All conjecture of course, but the events in the sky at that time in history are recorded in the records of many astrological diaries. They are a matter of facts.”
Shalin had more questions she would have liked to ask, but she could see Vaspan was growing tired. He insisted they stay for tea and the conversation turned to rumors and conjectures about their lost colony in Levant.
The afternoon passed quickly and, as they were about to leave, Helena said to Vaspan, “Can you tell me if my family is safe?”
Vaspan looked sadly at the girl. “I only foresee large shifts in the night sky. I am not a soothsayer. But I am a Christian and I will pray for them,” he said.
“Thank you. You seem so wise and knowledgeable,” Helena said. “May God answer your prayers and mine.”
With those final words, the four bid Vaspan farewell and walked back to their waiting carriage.

Chapter 52

Villa at Constantinople

After picking up Serafina and all of her Greek fire materials, Shalin, Helena and Serafina sat together in Boris’s carriage, with Boris and Soldad riding alongside for the trip back to the villa.
Valeria was there at the gate to meet them, as the carriage arrived back at the de Medich villa. 
Helena looked at her hostess anxiously but Valeria shook her head. “I have had no news as yet from the palace concerning your family in Damascus, my dear, but I did have a message from Emperor Licinius. He needs to speak with you, Boris, as soon as possible.”
“I will go at once,” Boris said. “I will return later for the carriage. Perhaps I will have news by then.” 
“Please come back as soon your audience with the emperor is finished,” Valeria entreated. “We will have dinner waiting.”
“I will come if I am able,” Boris said, “but do not wait for me to begin eating.”
He did not need to explain. They all knew there was the possibility he would be asked to do something for the emperor which would keep him from returning for dinner because the emperor’s commands must always take precedence.
“Go with God,” Valeria said as Boris galloped off.
Valeria looked at her guests. “The servants will take care of these crates and sacks. You must all come in and relax for a time in the baths. We will have a late dinner.”
The little group took up Valeria’s suggestion gratefully. Esme and Tome joined them after a productive day of painting elephants. They shed their clothes in favor of their bathing costumes and sank gratefully into the warm waters of the baths.
They were all eager to exchange news and demanded Serafina speak first.
“Tell us,” Esme said, “were you able to re-create Greek fire?”
Although she had said little of her achievements on the carriage ride home, Serafina smiled at her daughter and said, “The color was right.”
Soldad was quick to follow up. “A greenish flame that burns all the more brightly in seawater?”
“Yes,” Serafina said.
“My emperor would give half his kingdom for knowledge of such a secret,” Soldad said, in awe of her accomplishment.
Shalin could see in his mind that he was not exaggerating this time, as he was prone to do.
Soldad said exactly what he was thinking next. “Would you consider selling the emperor your secret?”
“I do not know and it is not really my decision to make. I need to do more experiments and refinements and I will then turn the matter over to my husband King Blackwell.”
“Yes, of course,” Soldad said, his mind already spinning ahead to the upcoming voyage back to Henge.
Shalin could see now the danger of anyone knowing she and her sister could read minds. Where kingdoms at war were concerned, such an ability could mean life or death to thousands. For the first time she was grateful for her father’s extreme precautions.
“And what of your day, Shalin?” Serafina asked. “Did you learn anything new from Vaspan the Astrologer?”
“So much,” Shalin said. “I feel more and more certain that my ring was crafted for an ancient Persian astrologer of the old religion.”
“What old religion?” Serafina asked.
“The followers of Zoroaster,” Shalin said. “I do not know what has become of them.”
“I do,” Soldad said. “They live in areas where the new religion is gaining ground. As victories are won by warriors of the new religion, the Zoroastrians are given the choice: convert or die.”
“Do some choose to die?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, many,” Soldad said. “If they convert, their children must go to the schools of the new religion and learn the language of the conquerors. But one large group has found sanctuary in India. My father likes to do business with them as they are honest, industrious and intelligent.”
“How did they convince the rulers of India to allow them sanctuary there?” Esme asked.
Soldad laughed. “There is a story – I do not know if it is true, but it is a good story.”
Shalin smiled. “I love a good story,” she said, rippling the warm bath water with her hand.
Soldad drew up a handful of water to wash his face before beginning. “It seems when the leader of this band of Zoroastrians approached the King of Western Indus, the king held up a container of milk to symbolize his territory. ‘I regret to tell you the cup is already full.’ This was his way of saying they had no room for refugees.”
Soldad smiled and held up an index finger. “But the leader of the Zoroastrian group held out a coin and dropped it into the container of milk. ‘You see, it can still hold a coin and is richer for it.’ he said. Then he sprinkled a bit of sugar into the milk and said, ‘you see, it can still hold the sugar and it is sweeter for it.’”
Soldad paused for a moment to make sure everyone saw the significance of the coin and the sugar. “Then the leader promised that they would not proselytize within their adoptive country, nor intermarry there. And so they were allowed to stay.”
“And do you believe this story?” Shalin asked.
“I do not know the real terms of their residency, but I know that they are there,” Soldad said. “My father is likely trading with them as we speak.”
“That is a good story,” Esme said. “Now tell us what else Vaspan had to say about the ring.”
Shalin nodded. “He said it may well have been made as an aid to use in locating new messiahs as this was was an important part of the Zoroastrian religion. They believed messiahs would be given to the people on earth in times of need. They researched prophecies and the movement of stars to find indications that signaled a new messiah was coming. When signs appeared, they were ready to go in search of these new chosen ones.”
“Chosen ones like Yeshua?” Esme asked.
“Yes,” Shalin replied. “And Vaspan told of a series of conjunctions in the night sky that occurred around the time of Yeshua’s birth.”
Esme smiled. “Electra will be excited to hear of it.”
“What have you and Tome accomplished today?” Serafina asked.
Esme waited a bit to see if Tome would comment but he seemed content to float on the warm water in his bathing costume with his eyes closed, so Esme continued. “We began applying paint to our final sketches. I believe I am now become a slave to art.”
Helena, who had said nothing up to now, murmured, “You all have such important occupations. I feel quite the dunce among you.”
“What are your hobbies, Helena?” Soldad asked. “I know if you have even a passing interest in gardens, my mother will be so excited to find a fellow enthusiast.”
“I have interests in common with both your brother and your mother, but that interest is not yet well-developed. I like to paint flowers.”
Soldad laughed. “Surely Yeshua himself has led you to our home. You must begin at once in case your stay here is shortened by good news from Damascus.”
Soldad’s encouraging words seemed to lift the girl’s spirits. “Yes, perhaps I should. Tome, would you be willing to take on another pupil?” she asked.
“Of course,” Tome said with his eyes still closed.

Later that evening, properly dined and sated with good food, the group at the villa looked up from their table as the arrival of Boris was announced.
Boris put up his hand in a stop motion as he drew close to the table. “Do not make a place for me. I have already eaten at the palace. We still have no word on your family, Helena, but I wanted to drop off this scroll for King Blackwell since I know you plan to leave early in the morning.”
He handed the scroll to Serafina.
“I will see that he receives it,” Serafina said.
“Thank you.” Boris smiled at the group. “I regret I cannot stay. I had looked forward to seeing more of your artwork, Esme, but the emperor demands my presence at the palace.”
With these last words, he turned and left.
Serafina tucked the scroll into the pocket of her gown. 
Esme knew her mother would not break the seal before giving it to her father. But the twins both knew what words the scroll contained because they had both read Boris’s mind. It was a proposal of marriage between himself and Esme to further strengthen the alliance between Henge and Constantinople.

Chapter 53

Estuary to King’s Lake in Fernland

The Prince Avor and the Sea Sprite were within sight of one another when they arrived at the estuary connecting the Western Sea to King’s Lake in Fernland. The Prince Avor entered first and Queen Delphinia wondered if the two captains had been racing one another without admitting it.
When the Sea Sprite finally dropped anchor, Delphinia could see that Electra and her two sons were already ashore. She expected to see her husband King Geoffrey waiting on the beach as well. Surely the watchtower by the sea would have sent up a signal when the Sea Sprite entered the estuary.
But there was no royal carriage waiting and no royal husband either. Delphinia stepped ashore from the small shore boat and only Electra and her sons stood ready to greet her.
Electra smiled. “The watchtower must not have seen us turn into the estuary, otherwise I am sure Father would have been here to greet us.”
Delphinia looked out at the road that connected Fernland’s castle to King’s Lake and saw a small cloud of dust in the distance.
“There he comes,” Delphinia said, relieved. “That small dust cloud must be the royal carriage coming to meet us.”
“It is good to be home,” Electra said.
“Yes, it is,” Delphinia agreed, but I failed to take note of one important fact.”
“What fact?” Electra asked.
Delphinia blushed. “I was supposedly in Constantinople to study the operations of a mint. Since I was in fact in Hormu visiting Avor, I have no idea how a mint functions and Geoffrey will expect a report.”
Electra pursed her lips. “Yes, that does present a bit of a problem. Perhaps you could claim fatigue and say you will make your report later. First you want to hear any news of Fernland. Have you the gold that Haddad collected from Constantinople for your cargo of weapons?”
“Haddad is bringing it ashore,” Delphinia said. “It is quite heavy.”
“It will have to go to the Finance Minister. Surely you could ask the Finance Minister about how a mint functions,” Electra said.
“I doubt he has ever seen one either,” Delphinia said. “To my knowledge, he has never left Fernland.”
“Haddad perhaps?” Electra suggested.
“Perhaps, though I hate to involve him more than I already have in my deception of his commander-in-chief.”
“We will think of something,” Electra said as the royal carriage came to a stop in a billow of dust.
But it was not King Geoffrey who stepped out of the carriage. It was Muller the Spy.
“So sorry to be tardy,” Muller said. “I was not notified in time. The Royal Guard Captain did not know who to call upon in His Majesty’s absence.”
Queen Delphinia’s curiosity turned quickly to anxiety. “But where is Geoffrey?”
Muller the Spy raised his hands in a calming gesture. “I’m sure he is fine, he just has not returned as yet from Helsop.”
“Why is he in Helsop?” Electra demanded.
“All is well there, too,” Muller assured the women. “He sent a message back saying the attack had been put down with only minor casualties.”
“What attack?” Electra all but shouted.
“In truth, I assure you,” Muller said in his most soothing voice, “there is no cause for alarm. There was a Vagan attack on Helsop, but King Blackwell’s Army arrived in time to repel all the invaders. The battle is over and decided in Helsop’s favor. King Geoffrey and the Royal Guard only stayed on to oversee the repairs to the castle wall.”
“Was Dagon injured?” Electra asked.
“Not to my knowledge,” Muller said. “I think King Geoffrey would have mentioned it in his message if his son-in-law had been injured.”
“We must leave at once,” Electra said, turning to her mother.
“Yes, of course,” Queen Delphinia agreed. “We have a great deal of gold aboard the Sea Sprite that should be transported to our treasury,” Delphinia told Muller. “Could you transport it in the royal carriage back to the castle and see it gets to the finance minister?”
“Yes, of course,” Muller said. “Are you sure you would not like to rest a bit at the castle before continuing on to Henge?”
“Yes, we are sure,” Electra said, “unless there is more news to be had from the messenger who brought word of these events to Fernland.”
“You are welcome to return with me to the castle and ask him yourself,” Muller said.
Electra looked at her mother, silently begging her permission.
“Of course you must go,” Delphinia said. “It would put both our minds at ease to know more.”
As Electra went to apprise her sons, who were already building sand castles on the beach, that they would not be staying the night in Fernland after all, Delphinia waved to the sailor who had rowed her ashore from the Sea Sprite.
“I shall need you to row me back to speak with Admiral Haddad,” she said as she stepped into the damp rowboat.
The sailor saluted and pushed the small boat back into the water before hopping aboard.

Delphinia found Admiral Haddad already assembling both her luggage and the iron box containing the emperor’s payment on the deck of the Sea Sprite, ready for transport to shore.
“There has been a change of plans,” Delphinia told Haddad. “It seems there was trouble in Helsop and King Geoffrey has gone there along with his Royal Guard to put down the attackers.”
Haddad showed his surprise. “Have you news of the battle?”
“Yes,” Delphinia said. “All is well now. The Vagan invaders were vanquished but King Geoffrey has not yet returned.”
“What would you have your navy do, Your Highness?”
“I believe you should go on to Henge as planned. But I shall continue on with you by sea to Henge and then across to Helsop as that is the fastest way to go, and I should like to go with Electra to view the situation there. It may not be a fit place yet for my daughter and grandsons to reside.”
“We will leave at once,” Haddad said. “Shall I keep the payment from Constantinople aboard?”
“No, Muller the Spy is ashore with the royal carriage. He will transport it to the treasury.” Delphinia paused. “Did you by any chance visit the mint where these coins were made while you were in Constantinople?” she asked.
“No, I did not, Your Majesty. Do you question their gold content?”
“No, I am sure they are true value. I was just wondering how such coins are made.”
Haddad seemed to take the question as nothing more than curiosity, but Delphinia was sure he knew she was supposed to tour the mint in Constantinople while she was supposedly there.
“I believe the gold is heated  to soften it, then hammered between  cast dies to stamp the coin with an image,” he said calmly.
“Yes, of course that must be the way of it,” Delphinia agreed. “I believe I will just stay aboard. My daughter will accompany the payment in the royal carriage on its way to Fernland’s treasury. When she returns, both our ships may cast off for Henge.”
“As you will, Your Majesty,” Admiral Haddad said with a sharp salute.

Chapter 54

Aboard the Prince Avor

It was a short trip from Fernland to Henge aboard the Prince Avor. The Sea Sprite was in view the whole time. Electra allowed her son Gregor to spend a good part of the voyage up in the crow’s nest as look out.
When the two ships stopped at Henge’s wharf, Electra singled out Phinn the Ambassador for a short conversation. “Where does Prince Blackwell believe we have been these many weeks? I do not wish to say the wrong thing by mistake.”
Phinn nodded. “He believes we have been in Fernland at the boat works making repairs on the Prince Avor.”
“Then we would have known about the attack on Helsop,” Electra reasoned.
Phinn was quiet for a moment. “Yes, that is a problem for your mother as well. She would know why King Geoffrey was still in Helsop in that case.”
“We all have to have a reason for being away from Fernland for so long,” Electra said morosely, knowing how one lie leads to another until one cannot even remember the complex web one has woven and becomes ensnared in it.
“Perhaps the repairs were done quickly and we decided to go to Hormu to put on a show there,” Phinn said.
Electra stared at Phinn in disbelief. “Why ever would we have decided to do such a thing?” she asked.
“Exactly for the reason we did it,” Phinn said. “So that your mother could see her son. My brother will have no problem with that and I can infer that I thought it important to look into a situation that involves our ally, King Geoffrey. I am commissioned to gather such information, you know.”
“Are you?” Electra said, surprised by the admission.
Phinn narrowed his eyes at Electra. “You needn’t pretend you did not know this.”
Electra blushed. “I suppose, as you infer, it is common knowledge. Very well, then. It will be a great relief to tell the truth for a change. I will inform mother of your decision before we reach the castle.” She paused. “But that is not the story we will tell my father once we reach Helsop. Just so you are aware.”
Phinn nodded. “I will try to keep it all straight in my mind.”

Electra walked down the gangplank with Gregor and Soren and waited on the wharf for her mother to leave the Sea Sprite. She waved to catch her mother’s attention as she walked down the Sea Sprite’s gangplank alone.
Delphinia seemed to have regained a little of the composure that had left her on hearing that King Geoffrey had gone to fight a war in her absence.
“We should stay only long enough to turn over use of the Sea Sprite to King Blackwell before going on to Helsop,” Delphinia said. “I do not want to miss Geoffrey again, should he decide to finally return to Fernland.”
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “I am just as anxious to see my own husband. And my father, of course,” she added for courtesy’s sake. “We will not tell Father the truth about where we have been, but Phinn has decided to tell his brother we went to Hormu to find out what was happening there because King Blackwell will not care and because we need a reason for being gone.”
Delphinia grew pale. “But he might tell Geoffrey.”
“No, he will not. He has no reason to tell him and does not care that you took a risk to see your son,” Electra assured her.
“Very well,” Delphinia said. “Let us go quickly to the castle, so that we might leave just as quickly.”

They all walked up the hill to Henge’s castle and found King Blackwell coming down the stairs to the dining room.
“Phinn,” he said loudly. “When did you get in?” He looked around at the gathering crowd. “And Queen Delphinia? Has King Geoffrey come as well?”
“No,” Delphinia said. “We returned to Fernland to find him gone. We believe he must still be in Helsop. I have come to find him.”
King Blackwell seemed surprised to hear this, but said nothing more as he welcomed Electra, her sons and the whole of the acting troupe back to Henge.
Before long, they were all seated around the castle’s large dining table hoping Cook would be able to find food enough for such a large and unexpected crowd.
“We have brought you the Sea Sprite for your turn at the helm,” Delphinia said.
“Excellent,” King Blackwell said. “So all went well with your dealings in Constantinople?” he asked Delphinia.
“Yes,” Delphinia replied. The Emperor paid the price we asked and assured us he would buy as many weapons as we were able to bring to Constantinople. Haddad tells me the emperor asked for a demonstration of the weapons and was extremely impressed with their destructive power.”
A servant brought out a terrine of hot soup and the hungry travelers immediately turned their attention to it.
“It seems the needed repairs to the Prince Avor were more extensive than we supposed for you to be gone so long,” King Blackwell said to his brother.
Phinn seemed wholly absorbed by his soup. “Not so long. We took the ship on a test run when the repairs were finished,” he said quickly.
The members of the acting troupe glanced at one another with confused expressions but said nothing.
“We went all the way to Hormu,” Electra said. “Phinn was kind enough to take mother there to see how my brother Avor was faring.”
King Blackwell appeared shocked. “I thought King Geoffrey cut off all relations with Prince Avor.”
Electra flipped up her hand in a dismissive gesture. “We may not have mentioned to him that we were going there.”
King Blackwell closed his mouth which had been hanging open. “I see,” he said.
Electra looked at her two sons and saw that both had finished their soup. “Go into the kitchen and ask Cook if you can be of any help to her,” she ordered.
As soon as the boys had left, Electra looked at King Blackwell. “Tell me what happened in Helsop and who was injured in the fighting,” she demanded.
King Blackwell looked at the door to the kitchen to be sure the two boys were gone. “It was a most severe rout. Your husband and nephew came here asking for help and I decided to take my army to their rescue. We arrived just as the Vagans were breaching the castle wall. There must have been over a thousand pirates. They arrived in a hundred ships. It would have been a massacre had we not arrived in time.”
A collective gasp went up from those seated at the table.
“All of the invaders were dispatched,” King Blackwell continued. “To my knowledge no one in your family was harmed. No one from Helsop was killed, though a few were injured in hand to hand fighting atop the wall.”
“When did Geoffrey arrive?” Delphinia asked.
“I do not know,” King Blackwell said. “I left with my army the next morning. King Geoffrey had not yet arrived.”
“We must leave for Helsop after lunch,” Queen Delphinia said. “I will travel with Electra and my grandsons if you would be so kind as to provide an escort.”
“Certainly,” King Blackwell said, as Gregor and Soren came through the kitchen door carrying large platters stacked with bread, cheese and strawberries.

Chapter 55

Aboard the Sea Dancer

Shalin and Esme lay atop their bunks in their cabin on the Sea Dancer. Shalin had just opened her eyes and sensed that Esme was already awake, but quietly plotting.
“Do not do it,” Shalin said aloud.
“Do not do what?” Esme asked innocently.
“Steal the scroll Boris sent along to our father and drop it into the sea,” Shalin said.
“Why not?” Esme asked. “As far as I can see, it is the perfect solution.”
“Someone else could be blamed for your thievery,” Shalin said. “You do not want that on your conscience, do you?”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “I suppose it depends on who might be blamed.”
“Soldad, perhaps,” Shalin said.
“No one has any reason to take it, no one knows what it says,” Esme argued.
“Except us,” Shalin countered.
“We did not sense the words, we read Boris’s mind,” Esme said.
“And who besides us is capable of that?” Esme asked.
“The scroll could have just slipped out of our luggage and landed in the sea,” Esme said.
“Not when it was firmly tucked into the pocket of Mother’s tunic.”
Esme was silent for a moment, then asked softly, “Did you consider stealing it yourself?”
Shalin sighed. “I admit I may have looked for an opportunity for the scroll to fall away with just a small nudge from my mind, but no such opportunity arose. It was firmly in Mother’s possession the whole time, from villa to ship.”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “Thank you for the thought at least.”
“What happened to your plan to appear insane?” Shalin asked.
“I believed Boris firmly decided against us after learning we all studied sorcery and I spent most of my time in the forest,” Esme said.
“Yes, I thought the same,” Shalin admitted. “And even Soldad said he was not interested in us as potential wives.”
“And Boris knew we wanted to sell our weapons to Constantinople every bit as much as they wanted to buy them, so there was no need for a marriage to strengthen the ties between us,” Esme said.
“I wonder what changed his mind?” Shalin said.
“I think it was my own vanity,” Esme murmured. “I smiled at him when he praised my sketches of elephants.”
“No,” Shalin murmured. “That may have been when he sensed a compatible spirit, but I think something else changed.”
“And what was that?” Esme asked.
“Mother was able to re-create Greek fire. And that re-creation coincided with the loss of their most valuable colony. The fact that she would not share the secret brought about the need for closer ties to Henge,” Shalin said.
“So it could have been either one of us he chose to wed?” Esme asked.
“No, I think you are correct about swaying the choice over to you when he saw your skill as an artist,” Shalin said.
“Perhaps an accidental small fire in mother’s cabin could solve the problem,” Esme said.
“Too dangerous,” Shalin answered, “any fire on a ship is never a small thing. Besides, it would only delay the offer. If his scroll is lost or damaged, he will only send another. He may even have told Soldad of his offer. Perhaps the emperor ordered it.”
“Then I shall simply refuse the offer. I will tell Father I find Boris overbearing and devious. In fact the whole of the emperor’s family is likely too full of themselves and too puffed-up to be tolerated.”
“That could be true,” Shalin said. “Did you find Boris agreeable in any way?”
“Actually, I enjoyed his company,” Esme admitted. “But I am not in love with him.”
“Because you are already in love with Dag?” Shalin asked.
Esme sighed. “Yes. I hate to admit it, because if anyone is puffed up, it is Dag. But I think I have loved him all my life. And I miss him like a part of me is gone whenever we are apart. Does that make me foolish?”
“No, I think that must be what love feels like,” Shalin said.
“Should I just try to ignore it?”
“I doubt if ignoring it would help,” Shalin said. “Perhaps you should marry Dag.”
Esme laughed. “Even if that were possible, I do not think Dag is old enough. He has just become a full-fledged scout and is still the youngest man in the militia. He still lives with his parents.”
“Then just tell Father, no. You refuse to marry someone you have no affection for.”
“He may insist I do it for Henge’s sake. For the prestige such a union would garner. He wants us to marry royalty and the Byzantine Empire is unrivaled in grandeur in the world.”
Shalin thought for a moment. “Perhaps the loss of Levant will change that. The Great Khan’s empire is greater even though it is now more concentrated in the East. We could make a case that the Byzantine Empire is now a dangerous place. Your life would be threatened should you marry into such a family.”
“That could be true,” Esme allowed.
“Besides that,” Shalin continued, “Boris would never move to Henge to rule alongside you. He is too focused on defending the city of Constantinople.”
“Yes, that is true,” Esme said with some excitement. “Surely Father will see that. Perhaps it will not be necessary for me to run away to the Silent Men.”
“That was your fallback plan?” Shalin asked in a horrified voice.
“Yes,” Esme admitted. “That has been my fallback plan all along.”

The twins went up for breakfast in the galley and found Soldad already seated there with biscuits and tea.
“Good morning,” he said cheerfully. “Did you both sleep well?”
“I was a bit too worried during the night to sleep well,” Esme said, “but I think I will sleep better tonight.”
“Anything I might help with?” Soldad asked. “I should not like to think you worried over a situation I might change for the better.”
“No, I believe the worry may have been unnecessary,” Esme said. “Any eggs left?”
“I believe there are,” Soldad said. “But these,” he pointed to his biscuits, “were fresh from the oven.”
Esme and Shalin walked through the half door to the kitchen and put in their order before taking a seat at Soldad’s table.
“I have been thinking a great deal about Vaspan’s ideas,” Shalin said. “I should very much like to visit the Zoroastrian community that immigrated to India. Do you ever travel there?”
“I have traveled there many times aboard my father’s ships,” Soldad said. “Since the emperor gave me my own vessel, I have gone mainly to ports around the western edges of the Great Sea, but I shall certainly take you wherever you wish to go.”
“You have always been so accommodating to us in Henge,” Shalin said. “Does your emperor never tell you to serve his own needs above ours?” Shalin asked.
Soldad laughed. “I believe now that you have weapons to offer, he would gladly put your needs above his own. If we have any hope of reclaiming the Levant, it is with superior strength and weapons.”
“I see,” Shalin said, and wondered what lengths the emperor might go to for the sake of strengthening Constantinople’s ties with Henge.

Chapter 56

Village of Helsop

Electra, Delphinia, Gregor, Soren and two soldiers from Henge entered the village of Helsop after two days travel. No carts with iron ore accompanied them as the mining operation in Henge had not yet been reinstated.
Electra was filled with trepidation, expecting burned-out or ransacked buildings. Instead, as they moved through the village, they saw new structures popping up everywhere.
A very large structure was taking shape not far from the school of medicine. She saw Tandor on the roof and stopped to call out to him. “Hello Tandor. What are you about here?”
Tandor smiled and put his hammer down. He climbed down the ladder leaning against the building.
“Queen Delphinia, Princess Electra, Gregor and Soren.” Tandor bowed and gave a nod to the two soldiers from Henge as though he might know them from one of his many visits.
“Welcome home. As you see we have come into a bit of lumber.”
“More than a bit I would judge,” Electra said.
Tandor glanced at Gregor and Soren. “Yes, the Vagans came in ships to attack us and in their haste to leave when King Blackwell’s army arrived, they must have left their ships behind. What you see are the spoils of war put to new uses.”
“Did you kill them?” Gregor asked, suspicious of Tandor’s account.
Tandor shrugged. “I arrived with King Geoffrey’s Palace Guard after the battle was decided. I saw only the ships they left behind and took a notion to build an inn to house the traders that have become so abundant here.”
“Are there injured at the clinic?” Electra asked.
“There were some, but I believe most if not all have now been released.” Tandor smiled at Queen Delphinia. “King Geoffrey is still here. He has put his palace guards to work elevating our castle wall. It is a thing he is quite insistent about.” Tandor paused for a moment and glanced back at the unfinished inn. “He may have a surprise for you, but I will not spoil it by telling you ahead of time.”
“I must go to the clinic to see if I am needed there,” Electra said, cutting their conversation short.
“We will all go,” Delphinia said. “My surprise can wait.”
They waved goodbye to Tandor and walked on to the door of the clinic only to find it empty of casualties.
“Let us go on to the castle,” Electra said. “Perhaps we shall find King Geoffrey there and mayhap Dagon as well.”
Electra dismissed the two soldiers who had accompanied them from Henge after she noticed they were still trailing behind. “Thank you for watching over us, and thank your king as well for all he has done in service to Helsop.”
The two men saluted before mounting up and leaving with the other horses borrowed from Henge’s stables.
The small group walked across the drawbridge and through the castle gate which was noticeably taller than when they had left.
King Geoffrey was walking along the castle wall holding a tall measuring stick in his hands. When he saw his family approaching he dropped the stick and ran to hug his wife.
“I had begun to wonder if you had taken up residence in Constantinople,” he said. “You must tell me all about it.”
Electra saw a flash of fear across her mother’s face. She had never been to Constantinople. Nor had Electra, so she could be of no help.
“That can wait,” Delphinia said. “I have missed you so much. I want to know what has been happening here.”
King Geoffrey smiled. “A good thing I made the trip, even if we arrived too late for the battle. I have always told Dagon the walls needed to be higher. The Vagans scaled them easily and would have been inside, had Blackwell’s army not beat us here.”
“Where was the fighting?” Gregor asked enthusiastically.
“Mostly atop the walls, I am told,” King Geoffrey said.
“Were many killed?” Gregor asked.
“Your grandfather would not know that,” Electra said, anxious to change the subject. “Do you know where Dagon is?”
King Geoffrey looked around. “He was here just a few minutes ago. Maybe he has gone into the castle.”
“Let us go and find your father,” Electra said to her sons. “Come when you are ready for a bite to eat,” she told her mother and father, who were still holding hands.
As they walked to the castle, Gregor asked, “Why does King Geoffrey think Grandmother was in Constantinople?”
Electra stopped walking. “It would be best if we did not speak of our trip to Hormu in Grandfather’s presence. Grandmother wants to keep her visit to Hormu secret for now, since your grandfather is still angry with your Uncle Avor. He did not want him to move to Hormu.”
Gregor nodded. “He even made a law against visiting him.”
“Yes,” Electra said. “But we all hope he will change his mind. It is never good for fathers and sons to be estranged.”
“What does ‘estranged’ mean?” Soren asked.
“It means apart from one another due to arguments.”
Soren nodded as if he would not want to be estranged from his own father.

They found Dagon in the castle kitchen eating a plate of fish and rice.
“You are home!” he exclaimed, scooping up his sons as they rushed at him.
“We are not estranged,” Soren said.
Dagon laughed as he stood up, still holding his sons, to include Electra in his embrace.
Electra was immediately suspicious. “Did you suspect a war when you allowed us to leave for Fernland?”
“I may have had a fleeting thought,” he admitted. “Were you successful in bringing Delphinia and Avor together?”
“We were. But you must promise not to keep secrets from me again. I may have been needed here; were there many casualties?”
Dagon did not promise. He would be forever grateful that his family had been spared the fear and nightmares that accompanied seeing a battle firsthand. “I will keep your obligation in mind if there is a next time,” he said.
Electra saw that was as close as she would get to a promise. “So Father is still here, supervising our walls’ elevation,” she noted.
Dagon sighed. “He has decided we need his assistance. In addition to that, he has decided to invest here.”
“Invest how?” Electra asked.
“The new inn Tandor is building is to have a royal suite so that your mother and father can visit in the luxury they are accustomed to.”
“So that is the surprise Tandor spoke of,” Electra said. “That may be a very good thing.”
Dagon looked skeptical. “In what way?”
Electra smiled. “When my parents are not in residence, perhaps we might vacation there.”
Dagon laughed and gathered his family in a hug once again.

Chapter 57

Kingdom of Henge

The Sea Dancer sailed into the Port of Henge near the end of summer. She ran heavy with a cargo of treasures from around the world. Esme wondered if her father would view the gifts as part of her bride price.
When the ship was securely tied up at the wharf, the twins looked out on a city that appeared unchanged. Miners were still busy digging up the hillside for high grade iron ore. The Gypsy camp and the small kiosks along the wharf looked the same. The harbor held few ships, but that was because the sailing season was close to its end. Yet something seemed changed.
“We return to a new kingdom,” Shalin said.
“Why does it feel that way, even though it appears the same as when we left it?” Esme asked.
“Because Henge has now become important in the world. Its weapons are sought after, or soon will be, once word of their power leaks out. Our ship’s cargo holds treasures to influence the decision of our king. Our whole family now garners power from its standing in the world.”
Esme sighed. “You are right, of course. I suppose Father will see it as a good development.”
Shalin shrugged. “He will see it as his due.”
“By rights the glory should go to Mother,” Esme said.
Shalin smiled. “Father showed foresight in choosing her as his wife.”
“And I suppose we should behave in a way that shows foresight in his having us as his daughters even while denying our gifts.”
Shalin laughed. “I have come to respect Father’s protectiveness over us. I can see now what a dangerous gift it is to be able to read minds.”
“It does give us an unfair edge,” Esme agreed.
“As long as no one suspects we have such an ability,” Shalin said.
“Or chooses to ignore it, as Father is wont to do.”
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “Never forget he is at a strong disadvantage when it comes to dealing with either of us.”
Esme smiled. “You always know what to say to lift my spirits.”
“You are welcome,” Shalin said. “It will be good to see Father again, will it not?”
“It will,” Esme agreed.
Serafina joined her daughters at the ship’s rail. “Are you anxious to see what Soldad has chosen to bring as a reward for Henge?”
“I am,” Shalin said. “I am glad you mentioned a preference for books and codices.”
“I hope there might be some paints and paintbrushes amongst them,” Esme said, “though I have learned a good bit from Tome about how to mix my own colors.”
“Your father will be pleased to see your painting of elephants,” Serafina told Esme.
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “He will likely see painting as a more fit occupation for a princess then is a study of medicine.”
“Might you stay on in Henge then and continued to paint?” Serafina asked.
“No, I am close to being a physician now. I must go on to Helsop and complete my training,” Esme said.
“Here comes Father down the hill,” Shalin said. “He has seen the Sea Dancer.”

The three women walked down the lowered gangplank to an enthusiastic greeting from King Blackwell.
“How I have missed my family,” Blackwell said, hugging his wife and daughters.
“I noticed the Prince Avor at anchor,” Serafina said. “Phinn and Electra must have already returned.”
“Yes,” King Blackwell said. “And the Sea Sprite has come and gone as well. Henge now has its own cargo of weapons on its way to Constantinople.”
“Soldad will be pleased to hear it,” Shalin said.
King Geoffrey frowned a bit at Shalin’s mention of Soldad’s name. Shalin could easily see in her father’s mind that he disapproved of their close friendship.
“We have much news from Constantinople,” Serafina said.
“As it happens we have a bit of news as well,” King Blackwell said.
Esme believed she already knew what that news might be. She hoped Dag had survived any plot the Vagans may have put into action.
Soldad joined the group with his cheerful salutations. “We come bearing tribute from around the world for our most cherished friend and ally,” Soldad declared.
“Tribute?” King Blackwell said. “What sort of tribute?”
Our cargo holds treasures of every sort. Books from the world’s most learned minds. Silks from China. Furs from the cold northern realms. Pottery and carpets from the hands of talented craftsmen. Constantinople wishes you to know how we value your trade.” Soldad made a solemn bow.
“I see,” King Blackwell said. “Then you will be happy to know the Sea Sprite is already on its way to Constantinople with a full cargo of our weapons.”
“I am overjoyed. And I am authorized by our emperor to thank you on his behalf.”
“Come up to the castle, all of you. We will have a meal that should be a welcome change from your usual ship’s fare.”
Serafina had not yet given Boris’s scroll to King Blackwell.
Both twins watched carefully to see if she might present it here, close to the sea, where an errant breeze might blow it from her hands into the water. But she did not. Perhaps she had forgotten it.
The Blackwell family and Soldad walked up the hill to the castle together.
At an early lunch in Henge’s castle, King Blackwell told them of his army’s quick march over the mountain to save the village of Helsop from the powerful Vagan attack and assured them that all of Electra’s family survived unharmed.
As far as their own news from Constantinople, there was so much to tell no one seemed to know where to begin.
King Blackwell was anxious to hear news of the subject that had instigated the voyage. “Did you find any information in Constantinople’s library on Greek fire?” he asked.
The twins concentrated on their lunch while Serafina fielded the question.
“I was able to find enough speculation on the composition to gather the possible components and test them. I believe I may have found most, if not all of the original components and have been able to re-create a green flame that feeds hungrily on seawater, consuming all in its fury.”
The twins were not surprised that Serafina chose not to reveal those components in Soldad’s hearing.
“I would claim amazement, but in fact I have come to expect such miracles from you,” King Blackwell said fondly to his wife. “Now your part is finished. Any further testing of the components will be accomplished by our soldiers.”
Serafina drew the tied scroll from her tunic. “I have a message to you from the Emperor’s great nephew. It may have some bearing on my experiments with Greek fire as I know he was keen to know its secrets.”
King Blackwell took the scroll and broke the seal. He read the message silently with only a quick glance at Esme. “It is nothing to do with Greek fire,” he said after reading the words several times, silently. “We will speak later of its contents.” He smiled. “Now tell me more about your sojourn in Constantinople.”

Chapter 58

Kingdom of Henge

Esme and Shalin both searched their father’s mind for any indication of his thoughts on Boris the Port Director’s marriage proposal. They found only curiosity as to who this Boris might be and what he might have to offer. He resolved to find out more later from his wife.
Serafina put down her fork, and pushed back her plate. “We have much to report on our activities in Constantinople. I suppose I had best begin at the beginning. Soldad’s mother invited us to stay at their villa, which is a lovely dwelling built around a most impressive garden with an adjoining bathing pavilion.”
“The baths were wonderful,” Esme interrupted. “Warm water flowed through a channel under the pavilion.”
Prince Blackwell looked sternly at Soldad. “I thought they were to stay at the Imperial Palace.”
“Yes, of course it was their choice,” Soldad said. “My emperor would have been glad of the company. But just now his family is spread across the empire, assigned governing duties in various colonies. Even his one remaining relative, a grandnephew Boris, grandson of the emperor’s deceased older sister, chooses to live outside the palace and is in fact our neighbor, so there would have been few opportunities to socialize should they have chosen to stay with the emperor at the palace.”
King Blackwell nodded as though he understood and Serafina continued.
“We fell into a rhythm of researching each day at the library and dining in the villa’s garden each evening.”
“Until we met Himerius.” Shalin said.
“Yes,” Serafina agreed. “Himerius is a learned librarian, who is familiar with searching out references on Greek fire, so I no longer needed help from the twins.”
“And I learned the art of painting on parchment from Soldad’s brother, Tome,” Esme said.
“And I visited some of Constantinople’s ancient spots and learned more about its history,” Shalin said.
“This grandnephew of the emperor who lived next door,” King Blackwell said, “in what capacity does he serve his family?”
Soldad took the opportunity to speak on this subject, still unaware that the scroll his neighbor sent contained a proposal of marriage between Boris and Esme. “He has a very crucial job as Protector of the Port at Constantinople. As you can imagine, he was most excited about the arrival of your weapons. Such weapons will make his goal of protection infinitely more achievable.”
“Yes, I imagine so,” King Blackwell said, nodding. “Is he a close friend or only a neighbor of passing acquaintance?”
“He is usually too busy to spend much time with us, but he did come to visit once and again to welcome home his relative from Levant.”
“What relative was that? King Blackwell asked.
“Helena, the granddaughter of the emperor who we rescued from the attack on Damascus,” Soldad said.
King Blackwell stared at Soldad, uncomprehending. “Who is the ‘we’ in that statement and when did this rescue take place?”
Serafina coughed and took a sip of water. “We took a side trip to Levant to meet more of the emperor’s family. His son is Governor of Levant and his grandson is an officer in the military attachment there. But while we were visiting, the city was warned of an imminent attack by Arab insurgents.”
King Blackwell’s hand closed tightly around his knife and his eyes grew dark. “Were you in danger?”
“We would have been, had we stayed,” Soldad said, “but the governor insisted we leave and take his young daughter with us.”
King Blackwell relaxed a bit, saying, “Quite right. Please excuse my interruption. And was the governor able to put down the insurrection?”
Those at the table looked glumly at one another.
Soldad shook his head. “Unfortunately, no, he was not able. The few reports we had on the outcome before we left Constantinople, indicated that Damascus had fallen to the Arabs and there was no word on whether or not the governor’s family survived.”
At that moment, Phinn the Ambassador came through the door of the castle. His eyes grew wide as he saw those seated around the table. “Shalin, Esme! You are back!”
Shalin smiled as she ran to hug her uncle. Esme was close behind.
After hugging his nieces and welcoming Serafina and Soldad, Phinn turned to his half-brother King Blackwell. “There are many men carrying piles of crates and sacks on their way to the castle. We watched them as they filed past the theater where we are rehearsing a new play.”
Soldad stood. “That would be our gifts from the emperor. Where shall I have them placed?”
“Bring them in here,” King Blackwell said. “We can look at them together.”
The men from Soldad’s crew piled the boxes against the walls of the dining room before waving their goodbyes to return to their ship.
Soldad and the twins began unpacking the treasures sent by the Byzantine Emperor.
A crate of books caught Shalin’s eye. She pulled out one book after another, making little gasps of excitement along the way. She hugged a codex on Persian astrology translated into Greek. “Did you choose this one?” she asked Soldad.
“I may have suggested to our shopper that any books she was able to find on astrology would be appreciated,” he admitted.
Esme was happy to see some paints and brushes had been included and laid immediate claim to them.
Serafina and King Blackwell were soon on their feet, enthusiastically pulling large Chinese vases and Persian carpets from their containers.
Phinn hovered on the sidelines until he, too, was overcome with curiosity and began unpacking rolls of silk textiles and Oriental masks.
It was a most incredible scene of unfettered joy.
Shalin stopped a moment to take it all in. Is this what it feels like to have power and influence in the world? She could not help but feel a bit guilty to be the recipient of such largess when others had so little.
King Blackwell gathered up a few of the weapons and scientific instruments he had put in a pile and transferred them to the dining table for closer inspection.
Soldad followed him to the table to explain some of their uses.
“That one is a magnifier,” Soldad said, pointing to the glass Blackwell held in his hand. “You hold it over writing and it will appear larger and more readable.”
King Blackwell held it over his own hand, moving it up and down, exclaiming, “Incredible. I am greatly in need of just such an instrument.”
Though there were still crates left unpacked, Serafina came to join them at the table, interested in the scientific instruments. She tested the magnifier on a book she had brought with her. “Most useful,” she agreed.
While the twins were still engaged with new discoveries, Blackwell said to Soldad, “Would you excuse us for a moment?”
Soldad immediately rose and joined the twins at the far side of the room.
King Blackwell spoke quietly to Serafina. “We need to discuss the message you brought from Boris.”
“What was his message?” Serafina asked.
“He has proposed marriage to Esme.”
“Let us go up to your office where we will not be disturbed,” Serafina said.
The two ascended the stairs while their family and Soldad fished through the remaining boxes of tribute.

Chapter 59

King Blackwell’s Office at Henge’s Castle

King Blackwell took his customary seat behind his desk while Serafina sat across from him in the guest chair.
King Blackwell handed his wife the scroll from Boris, and Serafina read it silently.

To His Royal Highness King Blackwell of the Kingdom of Henge
From the Honorable Boris, Protector of Constantinople’s Port
I pen this missive with a hopeful heart which I pray you will not find presumptuous. After meeting your accomplished family and spending some evenings in their delightful presence, I have come to dream of a more permanent relationship.
Your daughter Esme has charmed me with her lively intellect and her impressive artistic gifts. I would be most grateful should you deem me worthy of admission into your family through a marriage to your exquisite daughter Esme. I await your response.

Serafina smiled at the emotion Boris was able to capture in words. Such emotion was not in evidence in his demeanor in Constantinople.
“What is your opinion of this man?” King Blackwell asked.
“He seemed a man dedicated to his assigned task of protecting the walls of his city.” Serafina said.
“He claims a great affection for Esme,” Blackwell noted.
“Such affection was not in evidence in Constantinople. I believe his greater affection was for our weapons which would facilitate his duty of protecting the city’s perimeter.” Serafina placed the scroll on her husband’s desk.
“So this would be a marriage based on maintaining closer ties between our two kingdoms.”
“Most assuredly,” Serafina said, nodding.
“Not a thing to be easily dismissed,” King Blackwell said, drumming his fingers on the desktop.
“Nor a thing that is necessary for our own success in selling our wares,” Serafina pointed out.
“True. The emperor seems to favor generosity as a means of strengthening ties with his allies – perhaps a better strategy,” Blackwell stated.
“Emperor Licinius seems a competent ruler,” Serafina allowed.
“However, it appears he has lost a colony, which shows a decided weakness,” Blackwell said. “What was your opinion of the value of Levant?”
“I have never seen a more beautiful land than the Levant,” Serafina said. “It was a fruitful plateau, gently watered with spreading streams, a fertile plain, mild of climate, where all manner of crops thrived and residents lived in abundant luxury.”
“A great loss then, of a colony that should have been better protected,” Blackwell said, taking up the scroll for a third perusal. “I think we should hold off on replying to this offer until the Sea Sprite has returned from selling our load of weapons there. We will see if the emperor is still able to give full price. Esme is too young to marry in any case. There is no reason to rush into this union.”
“Shall we tell her of this offer?” Serafina asked.
Blackwell shook his head. “I see no reason to. If she felt affection for this man, it would only distress her to know we have not accepted his offer straight away. If she feels nothing for him, she might become apprehensive about a future acceptance of the offer. I think it better left unsaid.”
“Very well,” Serafina said. “There is a grandson in Levant who is closer to the twins in age. He seemed a more charismatic man, and if he survived the battle, he might be the better choice.”
“Good, we will tell Soldad the message seeks a reply which we will give on the return of the Sea Sprite,” Blackwell said.
“That seems a good plan,” Serafina agreed.

Downstairs in the dining area, Shalin and Soldad sat amidst the piles of gifts and empty crates, talking. Esme had gone to her room upstairs, her arms full of paints and brushes, to secure them for her own use.
Shalin looked around at the piles of tribute. “I cannot believe all these gifts from the emperor were sent to us in appreciation of our friendship. I assume he also paid full price to King Geoffrey for the first load of weapons?”
“Yes, he did,” Soldad assured her. “I watched as he paid in gold. You must see that, had we secured the weapons sooner, the battle of Levant may have gone in our favor.”
“Yes, I do now see how important our weapons are. It almost frightens me to know we are the holders of wares so crucial to all the kingdoms of the world.”
“It is a great responsibility, without a doubt,” Soldad agreed.
“Do you not find it depleting, always forced to look over your shoulder, to see what enemies may be advancing?”
Soldad laughed. “Does the antelope tire of looking out for the lion? Not if it values its life.”
“But you believe your God will protect you, do you not? I saw all the people in the Cathedral of the Logos, praying for those in Levant.”
“And Yeshua chose not to grant those prayers.” Soldad smiled. “The mind of God is unknowable, but Yeshua died and rose for love of us, so we do know that his choices are in our best interest in the end,” Soldad said.
Shalin could see in his mind that he believed what he said and she was amazed at the depth of his faith.
“I know you must leave soon for Constantinople. I shall miss your company,” Shalin said.
“You are ever in my heart,” Soldad said. “Remember, we are agreed on a journey together to India to finally sniff out the origins of your ring.”
“Will you return in the spring?” Shalin asked.
“Most assuredly. I need only advise my emperor that one of the Blackwell family members has requested a return and he will send me off posthaste.”
Shalin smiled. “In that case, I am glad that Henge now demands such respect for our wares.”
Soldad looked at Shalin with a serious expression. “Surely you know that I would find a way to come even if that were not the case.”
Shalin looked past his soulful eyes into his mind and saw that his words were true. She put her hand on his arm and said, “Yes, I do know.”
Soldad smiled and put his hand over her hand where it rested on his arm.
Esme came down the stairs, staring at their clasped hands and asked, “Am I interrupting something?”
Shalin blushed but managed a smile. “Soldad has promised to visit again in spring. I must find a way to join him aboard the Sea Dancer for a trip to India.”
“I shall be most impressed if you are able to succeed in that endeavor,” Esme said.
The twins fell silent as their parents came out of the office and descended the stairs.
King Blackwell looked about the piles of tribute and the empty crates before speaking. After clearing his throat he said, “You must convey to your emperor our profound gratitude for all these items he has seen fit to send our way. I will of course order a load of our iron ore to accompany you home as a token of our mutual respect.”
Blackwell paused for a moment before continuing. “The message from Boris seeks a reply, but it requires a decision that demands more time and consideration. You may tell him to expect my written reply next spring when the Sea Sprite will leave for Constantinople with yet another shipment of weapons.”
“I will deliver your message personally as soon as I reach Constantinople,” Soldad said.
“Good. I will order the iron ore be loaded at once,” Blackwell said. “I should not wish to delay you in your return to Constantinople.”
Everyone there understood this statement as it was intended. Soldad was to leave Henge as soon as possible.

Chapter 60

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin stood at her bedroom window in the predawn darkness watching the ships in the harbor below. She had said her goodbyes to Soldad the evening before, knowing he was to leave at dawn this morning. She could just make out the silhouette of a ship moving slowly, then saw the white of its sails being raised to catch the first rays of a dawning sun.
Esme called out from her bed. “Is he leaving?”
“Yes,” Shalin said.
Esme joined her at the window, putting her arm comfortingly around her sister’s shoulder. “He will be back come spring.”
“He has promised as much,” Shalin said.
“And he carries no reply to Boris’s proposal,” Esme said in evident relief.
“Did you read Father’s mind at dinner?” Shalin asked.
“Of course,” Esme said. “And Mother’s mind as well.”
“They both think us too young to be married.”
“That is good,” Esme said. “I shall attempt to stay just this age.”
Shalin smiled. “They had both turned fifteen on the voyage from Constantinople back to Henge. “Father has other reservations as well,” Shalin said.
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “He finds it concerning that the emperor has lost control of the Levant.”
“He does not know the emperor’s family well enough to feel sympathy,” Shalin said in her father’s defense.
“I doubt it would make a difference if he did,” Esme said. “His first priority will always be the prosperity of Henge.”
“Such a priority is the business of kingship,” Shalin reasoned.
“And I imagine he supposes that should be our first priority as well,” Esme said.
“Perhaps it should be. Remember, you have been chosen to be queen by the one who most influences Father’s decisions.”
Esme took a deep breath. “Even as future queen I see no advantage to Henge in a marriage to Boris.”
“Nor do I,” Shalin said. “He has no thought for Henge’s prosperity other than ensuring the flow of weapons from here to there.”
“Then his proposal is doomed to fail.” Esme stretched her arms above her head as they both watched the white sails of the Sea Dancer turn pink in the colored dawn.
“It may depend on future events,” Shalin warned.
“For now at least I may rest easy and delay my proposed visit to the Silent Men.”
Shalin stiffened. “Surely you have better options than fleeing to take up the role of goddess.”
Esme nodded. “For now I seek only to return to Helsop before the first snowfall and finish my studies to become a fully educated physician. Then I will be welcomed wherever I go as a healer.”
“I envy you that marketable skill. I believe the best I could offer in the way of paid service would be as a translator of old manuscripts.”
“There could be a market for that in one of the ancient cities you seem to favor,” Esme said.
“Yes, perhaps,” Shalin agreed. “I have the winter to plan my campaign for a trip to India.”
“Shall we then go down to breakfast and pretend we have nothing on our minds past enjoying the many gifts Emperor Licinius has sent our way?”
“I shall not need to pretend,” Shalin said, “I am most anxious to delve into one of the many books he has delivered."
With these words, the twins dressed for the day largely free from worries of any kind, anxious to try out the myriad possibilities their new gifts presented.
