Royal Twins Shalin ε Esme ~ Book 2  Bat Island

Bat Island

by Dory Lee Maske

Cover by Janice Orsini

Copyright © 2019 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Smashwords edition 2019

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske


Bat Island


Chapter 1

Village of Helsop

Esme and her good friend, Dag, jogged silently along a narrow trail in Helsop’s old growth forest.  The scent of damp fallen leaves floated on the autumn breeze. Dag had his bow and arrows ready, should they run across game. Esme ran with him for love of the forest and its wildlife, but was not one to celebrate a kill. She looked upon the wildlife as her friends rather than as meals to be savored.
Dag stopped suddenly and Esme bumped into him.
“Did you see something?” Esme asked, catching her balance.
“Yes, it’s a rub,” Dag said, with a hint of pride in his voice.
“A rub.” Esme sighed as she echoed his words. Since Dag began his apprenticeship as a militia scout under Maki the Scout, he had been impossible. Esme herself was no slouch as a tracker. She had learned a great deal from hunts with her pet wolf. “Please enlighten me as to the meaning of a rub.”
“See that patch of disturbed dirt? That is a place where a deer has lain, stretching and wiggling – in other words, rubbing – against the dirt in an effort to rid itself of mites and ticks.”
Esme looked closely at the patch of ground Dag pointed to.
“Yes, I see,” Esme said, interested in spite of her disinclination to believe Dag might know something she did not know. “It is called a rub? Or is that your own word for it?”
“That is Maki’s word. A rub could also be a scraping against a tree, perhaps when a deer rubs his antlers to scrape off the velvet.”
Esme was impressed in spite of herself. “I can see there is a great deal of detecting goes into becoming a scout.” 
“You have no idea,” Dag stated, inspecting the grass around the disturbed patch of dirt.
“I believe I have some idea.” Esme looked pointedly at her blond-haired, blue-eyed friend. He had grown several inches taller in the last year, but then, so had she.
“Ummm.” Dag seemed not to have heard her rebuttal. “Serrated edges on the grass. Definitely a deer.”
Esme gazed out at a tree-lined meadow. “Shall we stop here for breakfast?” 
“What?” Dag looked up from his inspection of the tips of the blades of grass. “Breakfast? You brought some?”
“Yes, I have bread and smoked fish.” Esme pulled a cloth-wrapped packet from her small satchel.
“Thank you. I have water. A good scout is never without water,” Dag said.
Esme let out another long-suffering sigh as she handed Dag a chunk of bread.
“Let us sit under the shade of that cedar,” she said.
They leaned against the wide trunk of a large cedar tree and looked out at the forest around them.
“I had a message from my mother today,” Esme said, examining her piece of fish.
“From Serafina? Is everything all right in Henge? Is she calling you home?”
“No, I mean yes, she is calling me home. But not from my studies here at the school of medicine. She wants me to come home for my birthday.”
Dag laughed. “You are finally turning twelve?”
Esme knew Dag was only thirteen himself and would not turn fourteen for a few more months. But he delighted in the fact that he was so much older and supposedly more mature. She decided to ignore his teasing tone. She could play at being mature herself.
“Yes, it seems there is to be a celebration and a performance by the acting troupe. Will you come?”
Dag paused with a hunk of bread halfway to his mouth. “Am I invited?”
“Of course, I just invited you,” Esme said.
Dag frowned. “I mean was I invited by your parents.”
Esme could see in her friend’s mind he supposed correctly that the rulers of Henge might not consider Dag a person to be invited to a family celebration, but after all it was her birthday. “It is my party. I can invite whomever I choose. Besides, Electra and Dagon are going along with their sons, Gregor and Soren. For all I know there might be a whole crowd of people going.”
Dag smiled. “Then I will come if I am given leave to do so by Maki. Now that I’m an apprentice, I do not have the final say on how my time is spent.”
“Shalin will be pleased to see you,” Esme said. She was sure Shalin would be pleased to see anyone. For several months now, her twin sister had been confined to her room in Henge’s castle as punishment for stowing away on Phinn the Ambassador’s ship.
“Is she still under house arrest?” Dag asked.
“As far as I know,” Esme said. “I’ve not had any word from her since we parted ways in Fernland; I, to return to my study of animal medicine here in Helsop and she, to suffer confinement for her misdeeds.”
Dag’s face looked thoughtful. “I suppose such a confinement would not be so bad for her. She seems to prefer to spend most of her time in study anyway. She knows languages no longer spoken – to what use I am not sure.”.
“She wants to solve the mystery of her ring,” Esme said. “She believes the ring holds powers and hidden knowledge yet to be unlocked.”
Dag seemed to shiver a bit as he poured water into his mouth from a canteen held high above his head. He smiled when the water hit its mark, swallowed and handed the canteen to Esme. “And do you think she is right?”
“Yes, we both know there are spells hidden in the ring, as yet uncovered.”
“And how do you know that?” Dag asked.
“I can feel their presence,” Esme said, lifting the canteen to her lips.
Dag looked askance at her – the same look he always wore when the subject of the twins’ unusual powers was broached.
“How does it feel?” he asked.
“Like an awareness. The sort of thing that happens when you know someone is watching you.”
Dag nodded. “I know that feeling. It is important to be aware when you are a militia scout. That might be the only warning you get when an enemy is watching you.”
Esme sighed again. They were back to the science of scouting.
“So you will come if it is all right with Maki?”
“Yes. I suppose I will also need permission from my parents and from Dagon and Electra to accompany you on the trek over the pass to Henge.”
Esme pursed her lips. “It might not be a good idea to mention the play that will be part of the celebration.”
Dag laughed. “I had already thought of that. You are afraid the whole of Helsop will want to come.”
Esme blushed. “You have caught me. Everyone is still talking about the play Phinn and his acting troupe put on here in Helsop last year.”
“Don’t worry. I won’t be mentioning the play. If Dagon and Electra are as smart as I think they are, they won’t even be telling Gregor and Soren. They are too young to keep a secret.”
Esme smiled. “We will leave in two days.” She stood up and dusted the crumbs from her lap. “Are you having that prickly sense of someone watching you right now?” 
“No,” Dag said, stuffing his canteen back into his pack. “Why?”
“There is an antlered buck watching us from that clump of bushes.”
As Dag turned to look, the buck jumped from the bushes and raced for the cover of the forest.

Chapter 2

Village of Helsop

Esme and Dag returned to the village from their unsuccessful hunting foray into Helsop’s forest. Helsop was a small village, set in a curve of the river that flowed from a glacier an hour’s horseback ride to the north. It had been a desperately poor village before Electra, Princess of the neighboring Kingdom of Fernland, had married Helsop’s headman, Dagon, and established her school of medicine. This union had opened up trade routes for the village, and Helsop had begun to prosper. The village even had its own castle now – modest by any standards – but a walled castle, nonetheless.
As Esme and Dag neared the village they saw a large contingent of men on horseback heading north toward the glacier.
“There goes Dagon, and Maki the Scout is with him,” Dag said. “I had best go and see if I am needed.”
“And I had best get back to my classes,” Esme said. “Shall I tell Electra that I have invited you to come to Henge for my birthday celebration?”
“No, let me ask Maki first. It would not do to attempt to circumvent his authority. So far he allows me a good bit of freedom,” Dag said. “Though it would have made a better impression had I returned with some venison.”
Esme smiled and waved as they parted ways.

When Esme arrived at the school of medicine, she was surprised to find Fernland’s royal carriage standing vacant at the door to the school.
She quickened her steps, wondering if she would find her aunt and uncle, Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey, inside. Delphinia and Geoffrey were Electra’s parents and they were also Esme’s aunt and uncle since her mother, Serafina and Delphinia were sisters.
She flung open the door to the school to find Electra, Queen Delphinia and Dag’s mother, Isa, all seated around the dining table drinking tea.
“Esme, my dear,” Delphinia called out. “Where have you been? Come, give your aunt a hug.”
Esme hugged her aunt and said, “I have been with Dag.” She decided not to add, ‘in the forest’ as she knew this would bring a lecture from her aunt on the dangers of two young people being alone in the forest. “He is apprenticed to Maki the Scout now.”
Delphinia patted the chair next to her, inviting Esme to sit beside her. “How interesting. I remember young Dag; his dog is mother to Gregor’s puppy, Skadi.”
“Yes.” Esme thrust her chin in Isa’s direction, “Dag is Isa’s son.”
Delphinia hit her head with the heel of her hand as she turned to face Isa. “Of course, I did not make the connection even when you spoke of having two sons, Isa.”
Isa flicked her fingers in a dismissive manner. “Why would you? You know me only as a teacher at the school of medicine.”
“You are all such a close knit group here in Helsop,” Delphinia said. “I envy you your closeness.”
Esme somehow doubted that. Though she did know her Aunt Delphinia attempted to familiarize herself with her servants’ families back in Fernland, and would sometimes step in to help when said families suffered adversity, there was a definite social order in Fernland that did not exist in Helsop. In Fernland there were servants and there were masters. Servants were not invited to share meals with the Royal Family.
“I saw a large group of men traveling north towards Cold Lake and the glacier.” Esme looked at Aunt Delphinia. “Was Uncle Geoffrey among them?”
Delphinia shook her head. “No, this time King Geoffrey stayed in Fernland. Prince Avor wanted to come to Helsop. I decided at the last minute to accompany him. It has been too long since I last saw my daughter and grandsons, and, of course, my niece.”
Esme smiled to be included, even if last. Her Aunt Delphinia had not addressed her real question. Who were those men and what were they about?
“Did you see Dagon with them?” Electra asked.
Esme nodded. “Yes, and Maki the Scout.”
Electra sighed. “I knew Dagon would manage to include himself. They are on their way to the glacier. They need a large barren area to test the new weapons Dorian the Sword Maker has been working on.” Electra glanced at her mother. “It is not a secret, is it?”
Delphinia shrugged. “To the outside world, I am sure it is a secret, but not to those of us at this table. You likely already know more than I, since you live here. Have you seen the weapons tested, or heard the noise of explosives?”
“No,” Electra said. “I know some of the men tested various prototypes when Avor was here several months ago, but they were too far away for me to hear anything. Dagon said Avor chose two metal casings and asked that Dorian make a hundred of each using specific mixtures of ores and metal thicknesses.”
“The exploding balls?” Esme asked. She had heard all about them from Dag.
Delphinia nodded. “But surely you were not present during testing. It would have been much too dangerous.”
“No, I was not present,” Esme said truthfully. “I, uh, must have heard rumors about it.”
Everyone at the table knew Esme could read minds and could easily have access to any secrets that were of interest, though they all chose not to mention it.
“Yes, likely rumors abound about such an undertaking,” Electra confirmed. “But enough talk of weapons. I am sure Mother would love to see your animal hospital.”
Delphinia looked uneasy about such a visit, but managed an expression of faint enthusiasm. “You are caring for sick animals, Esme?”
“I have a few in cages out in Yeshua’s Bower. Only a crow with a damaged wing, two abandoned young rabbits and a bobcat with lacerations.”
Delphinia could not hide her distress at the thought of seeing injured animals, but to her credit, she tried. She managed to change her squished up expression of distaste to one of mild enthusiasm. “Of course you must show me.”

They all trooped out to the bower constructed next to the clinic. Sweet peas climbing up the curved vines of the bower were still in bloom along with the wild red roses that had taken root along the sides of the twining canopy. Inside the bower, next to a bench, sat three wooden cages.
The crow cawed loudly as Esme entered the bower and flapped its splinted wing. Silent, as always, the two rabbits moved to the side of their cage nearest Esme and put their tiny paws up against the wooden slats. The bobcat made a low throaty sound half way between a growl and a scream.
“My, my.” Delphinia’s voice signaled relief. “They all look to be quite restored, thanks to your medical skill.”
“They are doing quite well,” Esme granted. “I believe I will release the crow in a few days. The cottontail rabbits still need to be weaned before being released and the bobcat has had his wound stitched, but I want to make sure infection does not take hold before setting him free.”
Delphinia sat down on a bench. “A most restful place in which to recover, this sanctuary you have made in your philosopher’s honor. Are you still translating the teachings of Yeshua, Electra?”
“I am.” Electra joined her mother on the bench while Esme and Isa checked the wounds of Esme’s patients. “Since learning Greek, I have read the writings of several Greek philosophers but have found none to match the depth or breadth of Yeshua’s teachings. Are you interested in learning more about him?”
Delphinia smiled. “Of course I am interested in anything that interests you. Perhaps you would lend me some part of what you have translated so far.”
Electra returned her smile. “I would be delighted to do so. And now I think perhaps we should return to the castle and prepare some lunch. I have no doubt that the men will return hungry from their testing at the glacier.”

Chapter 3

Helsop’s Glacier


Dag raced to the stables where he quickly saddled a horse and caught up to the group of men just at the edge of Cold Lake.
Maki the Scout beckoned to him with a wave. “Any luck on the hunt?” he shouted.
“No, I saw a buck but he saw me first. I should have been more alert. I found the place he laid down to rub off his mites.”
“Good, good. That’s a start.” Maki glanced in the direction of the tent set up by the two men from Sandovia. Waving, he caught Dagon’s eye. He pointed to himself and Dag, then to the tent erected on the shore of the lake.
Dagon nodded and Maki, along with his apprentice, veered off from the group turning east toward the glacier, to take a closer look at the tent.
“I like to check on our Sandovian visitors from time to time – see if they have given up looking for Henge’s source of white powder,” Maki said.
Dag nodded. “King Gundar must be offering a big reward to learn the location of the mine, to keep men sleeping in a cold tent for this many months.”
“It would surely be a kindness to tell them there is no mine, but it’s not our place to do it.” Maki swung down from his horse. “Hello the tent,” he called.
No reply came from the tent. Dag dismounted and they both approached the silent campsite.
The campfire held only cold ashes. Maki sifted through the ashes with a stick and then with his fingers. “It’s been several days since this fire pit was used.”
 He wiped his fingers on the side of his britches, walked to the tent and threw open the flap. A few bundles of clothes littered the sleeping mats. A small stack of venison jerky lay in tatters on the floor of the tent. It looked as though it had been dragged out from somewhere and half-devoured by rats or voles.
“Voles.” Maki held up a piece of venison. “Take a look at the size of the teeth marks.”
Dag looked closely at the bitten strip of jerky. “Voles, certainly. The bite marks are chisel-shaped and much smaller than rat bites.” He nodded in agreement.
“It would seem our Sandovian guests, Gunnar and Gustav, have been gone several days,” Maki continued. He picked up a pile of clothes and wrinkled his nose. “This pile needs cleaning. We could try to track them, but if they went west, toward Henge, most of their tracks will have been ruined by this mob that’s come a testing their hand-thrown explosives.”
They made a circle around the camp and, as feared, the only tracks led west. Maki shook his head. “We knew it would only be a matter of time before the fools decided to turn their search for the mine in Henge’s direction.”
“I’ve been invited to go to Henge myself.” Dag decided now was as good a time as any to ask Maki’s permission.
Maki smiled. “Invited, is it? And who might be issuing invitations to young scouting apprentices?”
“Esme.” Dag felt his face warm. “She is having a birthday party.”
“I see.” Maki was still smiling. “And when is this birthday party supposed to take place?”
“She is leaving to go back to Henge in two days.”
Maki pursed his lips. “I suppose you might save us some time should you go there and find our two Sandovian friends already abiding in Henge’s dungeon. I had hoped to find them before Blackwell’s soldiers do, but it may already be too late.”
“I wanted to ask you first.” Dag could not quite meet Maki’s eyes. “I will still need my parents’ permission and Dagon’s permission, so I may not be allowed to go after all.”
“Why would Dagon care if you go?” Maki asked.
“Esme says he and Electra are invited as well, so I would likely be traveling with them if I go.”
Maki nodded slowly. “I see.” He whistled for his horse and mounted as the horse came to a stop beside him.. “Let’s go and tell Dagon what we found here and what we suspect. We will see if he wants us to begin tracking them right away. If not, you’re free to go.”

Dag and Maki rode to within sight of the group of men when the first explosion sounded. Dag’s horse reared up and Dag was barely able to keep from being thrown. They both dismounted and tried to calm their horses. As they led the horses forward slowly, the second bomb exploded.
This time the horses were less startled by the noise. Dag leaned into his horse to quiet him, soothing him with calm words.
“Those hand bombs surely do make a racket.” Maki ran his hand down his horse’s neck. “Let’s go see how big a hole they made.”
There was a large ragged cavity where the hand bombs had exploded. Dirt and dust still hung in the air, and bits of exploded rock chips and charred clumps of grass littered the area around the hole.
Prince Avor, who had placed the order for the hand bombs, smiled as he circled the bomb site. “Impressive.” He looked in the direction of Dorian the Master Sword Maker. “I believe I counted about three seconds between lighting the fuse and the explosion.”
“That matches our own estimates.” Dorian looked relaxed and pleased with the results of their testing.
“Plenty of time for a thrown ball to find its mark,” Avor said, thoughtfully.
Dagon saw Maki and Dag approaching the group, excused himself from the group doing the testing and walked toward his two scouts. “Did you see the test?” he asked.
“No, but we heard it.” Maki patted his ear.
“Any news from our Sandovian visitors?” Dagon asked.
Maki shook his head. “They look to have been gone for several days. Tracks head west, those that haven’t been obliterated by your horses.”
Dagon looked west as he scuffed the edge of a newly made hoof print with his boot. “I knew they would try it eventually. I told them they should stay within Helsop’s borders. I warned them that Henge would not tolerate trespassers.”
“Do you want us to follow them?” Maki asked. “Bring them back?”
Dagon shook his head. “No. Prince Blackwell knows about them. Knows they’re after King Gundar’s reward, trying to find a mine that doesn’t exist. Of course knowing all that doesn’t mean he won’t throw them in his dungeon.” Dagon flung out his hand in a helpless gesture. “I’ll be traveling to Henge in a couple days anyway. I’ll likely find out then where Gunnar and Gustav have got off to.”
Maki nodded. “Young Dag mentioned a few of you have been invited to a birthday celebration.” The scout’s lips curved up into a grin.
Dagon raised an eyebrow. “You’ve been invited as well?” Dagon asked Dag.
“Yes, though only by Esme,” Dag said. “Maki said I could go, but I’ve not asked my parents’ permission as yet.”
“I see.” Dagon tried to suppress his own teasing grin. “You are welcome to come along if your parents allow it. Shall I put in a good word with your mother?”
Dag considered his uncle’s offer. Dagon was brother to his mother, Isa, and commander of his father, Olaf. They would surely agree if they thought it something Dagon wanted.
“No, thank you just the same. They will likely allow me to go anyway, since Maki has allowed it,” Dag decided.
Dagon gave his nephew an approving glance and Dag felt he must have made the right decision.

Chapter 4

Village of Helsop

On the way back to the castle, Electra, Delphinia, Esme and Isa stopped at the militia mess tent to ask if they had food to spare.
“Could you send a dozen meals to the castle?” Electra asked. “We have visitors up from Fernland.”
The militia cook nodded and smiled. “Already accounted for. We thought they might be coming back here, so we made extra. I’ll have the meals sent right over.”
Electra smiled. “Fish and bread?”
The cook nodded. “As usual.”
“Thank you,” Electra said. “Dagon will want to thank you as well.”
“No need for that,” the cook said, shaking his head. “Just doing my job.”

The four continued on to the castle, in no hurry now that lunch would be provided by the mess tent. They crossed the drawbridge over Cold River, walked across the broad courtyard and straight into the kitchen. Electra pulled out a chair from under the long wooden dining table and turned to her mother.
“Have a rest, Mother, while Esme, Isa and I check the pantry. If we have turnips and greens enough, we can make a soup to accompany our fish.”
Delphinia seemed happy to accept her daughter’s invitation. “Thank you, my dear. A rest would be welcome. It was a long trip from Fernland to Helsop.”
Electra’s two sons, seven-year-old Gregor and five-year-old Soren, ran into the kitchen.
“What’s for lunch?” Gregor asked. He stopped short on seeing his grandmother. “Grandma,” he said, smiling.
“Gregor!” Delphinia opened her arms for a hug. “And Soren. Come give your grandma a kiss. How I have missed you both.”
“We heard a sound like thunder,” Gregor said, his eyes bright with excitement.
Electra put her hand on her son’s shoulder. “It is only the soldiers, testing a new weapon. Nothing to worry about. But they will all be returning soon, I think, and they will be hungry. Perhaps you two boys could watch the road and let us know when you see them coming.”
The boys ran out the door as Electra poured water and soup bones into a large cauldron hanging on a swinging wrought-iron arm beside the fireplace in the kitchen.
“I will just slice a few turnips and carrots for the soup. I am sure they will appreciate a hot soup after spending time near the glacier.”
Esme began chopping onions to add to the soup while Queen Delphinia watched with interest. “May I help?” she asked, standing.
“No. You are our guest,” Electra said. “Stay here at the table so we can chat while we cook.”
 Retaking her seat, Delphinia said, “I do hope the testing went well. Your brother speaks of little else outside his Army and Navy, and he seems to be very excited about the possibilities of this new weapon. I wish he would show some interest in finding a wife and starting a family, but all my urgings on that subject seem to fall on deaf ears.”
Electra tossed a handful of quartered turnips into the cauldron. “Perhaps if he were to travel abroad to another king’s court, he would meet someone of marriageable age.”
Delphinia’s eyes opened wide for an instant, intrigued by the idea. Then she shook her head. “Our ship, the King Geoffrey, only makes trips to and from China. I should not wish him to return with a wife from China. I would rather he choose someone from a kingdom closer to home. Someone who shares our customs.”
Esme listened closely as she washed greens. It was true Fernland’s ship the King Geoffrey seemed solely used to bring back cargo from China and most of that cargo was rumored to be the white explosive powder called niter.
“I could invite a few of my medical students to lunch to meet Avor,” Electra offered.
“Do not bother,” Delphinia said. “I know he is too preoccupied with his new weapon to even notice.”
Esme thought this was likely true, but could read the unspoken thought in her Aunt Delphinia’s mind. My son must marry a princess. King Geoffrey would insist on it. Esme suspected no heir apparent to a throne would marry without the additional benefit of strengthening ties to another kingdom.
The back door to the kitchen opened and four men from the mess tent carrying pots of food walked in and set them on the table.
“Anything else we can do for you?” a young cook’s helper asked.
“No, this will do nicely,” Electra said. “Thank you so much. I hope this will not make a shortage for you.”
“No chance of that. The fishing is good and we made extra.”
Electra smiled. “We appreciate your foresight.”
The young man made a quick salute and gestured to his companions to follow him out. “We’ll be back later to collect our pots,” he said as he left through the back door.
Gregor and Soren ran through the door as soon as the cook’s helpers exited. “The soldiers are coming back,” Gregor shouted. “I can see the dust cloud.”
“We are almost ready,” Electra told her sons. “Put out some knives and spoons and plates. Then fetch a pitcher of ale and some cups. We will eat while the food is still warm.”

The men trooped in, speaking loudly with an air of excitement.
Dagon made a show of sniffing the air. “I smell food.”
“It is all ready, thanks to the cooks at the mess tent,” Electra said. “Sit yourselves down and eat while it is still warm. Gregor is bringing some ale.”
The women retreated to the end of the table nearest the fireplace where their soup continued to boil, content to listen to the men as they spoke of the morning’s events.
“Three seconds is plenty of time for a bomb to whistle through the air. How far can a man throw, after all,” Dorian the Sword Maker said.
Prince Avor nodded before adding, “Should we decide to adapt them to being thrown from a sling, we could lengthen the fuse.”
“This new weapon won’t remain a secret for long,” Deimos, Dagon’s second in command, predicted.
Dagon nodded in agreement. “The balls are not so different from exploding arrows and the arrows are hardly a secret now, much as we might like to think otherwise.” 
Avor looked down the table to where his sister, Electra, sat. Then his eyes rested briefly on Esme, seated next to Electra. Esme read the thought that passed unchecked through his mind. I must warn Dagon about Bataar’s visit. He should send Esme back to Henge.
Avor’s eyes fixed on his mother’s face. “We will leave for Fernland after lunch if that is acceptable to you.”
 “So soon?” Delphinia looked sad. “I have barely spoken to Soren and Gregor as yet. And they are growing up so fast.” She smiled at her grandsons. Gregor is seven now and Soren, five.”
“Tomorrow morning then?” Avor asked.
Delphinia sighed. “I suppose.”
Esme always marveled at the fact that even those who knew she could read minds were so used to thinking their own thoughts that they seldom guarded against thinking whatever popped into their heads when she was present. Surely Avor knew she could read his mind, but he did nothing to prevent it. He could easily have thought of something else but did not. She thought again about what it might mean: Send Esme back to Henge because Bataar is coming to Helsop for a visit. She was not surprised that Avor would have such a thought. It was common knowledge that Bataar hated her mother Serafina, and by extension, Serafina’s children, which would include Esme herself and her twin sister, Shalin, still confined to her room in Henge’s castle. It was likely just as well she herself would be leaving for Henge soon anyway, to attend her birthday party with her family. But she did wonder why Bataar, the son of the Great Khan, would be coming to Helsop.
She stared at Avor pointedly, hoping he would feel her eyes, look in her direction, and be reminded of his former thoughts. But to no avail. Now he was deep in conversation with Dorian the Sword Maker about how quickly the Helsop craftsmen could craft another hundred of the handball explosives.
Esme sighed and spooned up a bit of soup for testing. The turnips seemed sufficiently softened.  She went to the shelf, took down a few soup bowls and began ladling up soup for those at table.
Electra came to help Esme distribute the bowls of hot soup.
“You look worried,” she said to Esme.
“Avor thinks you should send me back to Henge because Bataar is coming to Helsop. But I cannot unearth the why of Bataar’s coming as yet,” Esme whispered.
Electra managed to contain her look of surprise and apprehension. “I will find out,” she whispered back. “Let me take his soup to him.”
“I understand your buzkashi games were a great success,” Electra said to her brother as she handed him a bowl of soup.
He smiled. Avor loved to talk of his favorite sport, a dangerous game of pursuit, played on horseback, the goal being taking possession of a goat carcass to score points at the goal line. “Barburee won as usual. Even though the games are finished, Bataar is still staying on a while at King’s Lake.” He glanced at Dagon, seated across the table. “That reminds me,” Avor continued, “Bataar plans to bring his wife Odval to Helsop soon. She is with child again and wants medical advice.”
“Is she?” Electra tried for a bit of enthusiasm but fell short. “We shall look forward to her visit.”
Avor glanced at Esme.  “Bataar may still hold a grudge against Henge for Serafina’s attack on him and his men.”
“I take your meaning,” Dagon said, glancing in Esme’s direction.
So did Esme.  She knew Bataar thought Serafina and all her family, including Esme and Shalin, should be put to death as sorcerers.

Chapter 5

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin sat alone in her room staring out the leaded glass panes of an arched window.  Down the slope at Henge’s harbor, two trading ships bobbed gently at anchor.  A papyrus scroll lay open on a small wooden table beside her, but the Latin words inscribed there no longer held her interest.  She had been too long confined to this place.
A gentle knock on her door drew her attention and before she could say ‘come in,’ the door opened to reveal her mother, Serafina.
“Am I interrupting?” her mother asked.
“Only my woolgathering,” Shalin replied.
“I believe your punishment is soon to be lifted,” Serafina said, with the hint of a smile.
“Truly?” Shalin tried to hold her excitement in check. It sounded as if there might be conditions attached.
“Your birthday is coming soon and there is to be a celebration.”
“And a release from confinement is to be my birthday gift from Father?”
Serafina’s smile became more defined. “No, that will not be your gift, but your release may coincide. I have sent word to Esme to return for the celebration. I believe Electra and her family will come as well.”
Shalin smiled. “So in two days’ time I am free to leave my room?”
“Actually you are free now to join us for meals in the dining room. Would you care to come down now for lunch?”
“I would.” Shalin managed to restrain herself from running out the door of her room. “Who will be at table for lunch today?” she asked as she walked primly out the door of her room for the first time in months.
“Your father, your grandfather, your Uncle Phinn and the acting troupe.”
Shalin grinned and clapped her hands together. The acting troupe was a group of actors now become goodwill ambassadors under the direction of her Uncle Phinn. They sailed from port to port on their ship, the Kingdom of Henge, putting on plays and performances while gathering information to report back to her father, Prince Blackwell. 
Shalin was herself an unofficial member of the troupe, and therein lay the problem. She yearned to travel with them on their ship and her father thought her too young and too vulnerable to being kidnapped. Being confined to her room these last four months had been her punishment for stowing away on Phinn’s ship after permission to travel abroad had been denied.
With the acting troupe there for lunch, she knew laughter and stories would take precedence over recriminations for her offense. She raced down the stairs to the dining room and sat down in her customary chair to cheers from her fellow actors.
“Shalin,” Uncle Phinn said, grinning fiercely. “Welcome back to the world.”
“It is good to see you all,” Shalin said, returning his grin.
“Ya’ missed a grim trip to Sandovia is all,” Trixie said. “We had storms both comin’ ‘an’ goin’.”
Shalin’s eyes darted in her father’s direction to see how he would react to Trixie’s inclusion of her as part of the acting troupe. He seemed not to have noticed.
 “Turned you loose, did they?” Shalin’s grandfather said in a jovial tone. “Thought maybe your parents forgot all about you up in your room.”
Cook placed a bowl of chowder in front of Shalin and whispered, “So good havin’ you back.”
Shalin smiled and winked at Cook, but stayed quiet, hoping the acting troupe would move on to their usual gossip about events outside Henge.
“The guards picked up two trespassers this morning,” old King Blackwell said. “Claimed they got lost returning to Helsop from visiting the glacier. Not very likely, that. I’ve not yet met the man can’t tell east from west when the sun’s up.”
Prince Blackwell looked up from his plate. “Where are these two men? Why was I not told?”
“I just told you,” his father said. “I had them put in the dungeon.”
“Who are they?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Said they’re visiting their daughters who are students at the school of medicine over in Helsop. Names are Gunnar and Gustav.”
Prince Blackwell closed his eyes briefly as though gathering his patience, then let out a held breath. “Where were they found trespassing?”
“Up in the hills, north of the pass. They likely were lost by the time the guards tracked them down, but they must have known they were going in the opposite direction from Helsop.” The old king leveled a stern look at his son.
Prince Blackwell dipped a biscuit into his soup and took a bite. “Dagon will be here soon. We can ask him about their story when he arrives.” Shalin could see that her father did not want any more discussion of the matter.
Phinn pushed his chair away from the table. “We had best be off to practice,” he said. “We have a performance to get ready for.” He looked at Shalin and smiled.
“Might I be allowed to come and watch?” Shalin asked, hoping to escape her father’s attention.
“Absolutely not,” Phinn said.
Shalin could scarcely believe what her uncle was saying. He was always on her side, finding ways to include her in his performances, even when her father was disinclined to allow it.”
“This is to be a performance to celebrate your birthday,” Phinn continued. “It is to be a surprise.”
Shalin was relieved to hear it, but still wished she could leave with them to go to the theater.
Serafina caught Phinn’s eye as he stood to leave. “Stay a moment. I have a favor to ask. I may have need of your ship soon. I trust you have no voyages planned as yet.”
“No,” Phinn sat back down in his chair, the surprise evident in his voice. “It is of course available to you whenever you have need of it.”
“Good,” Serafina said.
Prince Blackwell stared at his wife, waiting for her to explain. When no more words followed, he demanded, “What need have you for the Kingdom of Henge?”
Serafina laid her fork down beside her plate and smiled at her husband. “Do you not think it is time we sailed back to the island where we found the bat caves? We need to stake our claim to the guano there and begin preparations for its harvest.”
Prince Blackwell relaxed back into his chair. “Yes, we should see to that matter soon, but there is no need for you to go. I could send some of my men down to do everything required.”
Serafina nodded as though in agreement, then smiled at her husband. “Certainly you could do that, but I had thought to stop once more at the port of Eko as well. I found the marketplace there most intriguing – perhaps I will take Shalin along since she has now served out the time of her punishment.”
Shalin’s heart leapt at this unexpected revelation. A trip to Africa! Was it possible? She hardly dared to breathe as she felt her father’s frown settle around her.
“Do you not remember, my dear, when we were there last?” Prince Blackwell’s voice had a sharp edge as he spoke to Serafina. “We were caught in the doldrums and might have died of thirst before the winds came. And then with the winds, the deluge poured down and almost swamped us.”
Serafina nodded. “Yes, I remember. But that would not be a problem were one aboard who could summon the wind.”
Prince Blackwell glowered at his wife. “Are you so certain of Shalin’s powers that you would stake both your lives on it?”
“I am that sure.” Serafina looked at Shalin with the trace of a smile. “Might you conjure up a slight breeze to set your father’s mind at ease?”
Shalin closed her eyes and cleared her mind, searching the dining hall for drafts she could call together to form a breeze. The cloth on the table soon began to tremble. Then, as though a door had been flung open, a gentle breeze swept through the dining room.
As others around the table marveled at this new evidence of Shalin’s powers, Prince Blackwell rose from the table in a huff. “We will speak of your voyage later,” he said as he ascended the stairs to his office.

Chapter 6

Kingdom of Henge

After Prince Blackwell left the table and Shalin’s breeze faded away, Phinn and his acting troupe excused themselves and headed for the front door of the castle. From the kitchen door, a castle guard entered the dining room.
The guard announced, “A soldier from the western outpost has spotted a group of six people approaching from Helsop, Your Highness.”
Serafina nodded. “Those will be our guests for the birthday celebration,” she said. “Give them an escort to the castle once they reach the Eastern Gate.”
The guard saluted and hurried out.
Shalin was anxious to see her sister, Esme, and the others from Helsop. “May I watch for them at the castle gate?” she asked her mother.
Serafina smiled and lifted her hand to signal dismissal. “Go where you will. You are free. But it will still be hours before they arrive.”
“I just want to wander about for a time,” Shalin said.

Shalin rushed to her room to don the leather tunic reserved for trips into the forest because she was sure that would be Esme’s chosen outfit. Esme spent every minute she could in the forest and considered Shalin’s study of ancient languages to be a colossal waste of time. After four months confined to her room in the castle, Shalin began to see Esme’s point of view.
She ran out the door of the castle and stopped to take in the scene before her. The water in the harbor at the base of the hill sparkled in the sunlight. Off to the right, Phinn’s theater beckoned. Up the hill to the east lay the trail to Helsop. She decided to go first to the theater for a quick peek inside. The play was to be a surprise but she thought a brief look would not spoil the surprise.
She cracked open the door to the theater and saw Smiles putting on a fearsome gray animal-head costume. It had huge floppy ears, two giant tusks and a long dangling snout. It was the elephant head she recognized from a past performance.
Shalin closed the door quietly, trying not to laugh out loud. Her sweet Uncle Phinn had already managed to incorporate a hint of her upcoming trip to Africa into his performance. Her father would likely give in to her mother’s persuasive arguments on the need for a trip to Bat Island, the name Serafina had chosen for the island she intended to claim for Henge.
As Shalin continued on to the castle gate, a new thought struck her. Esme loved animals. She was studying animal medicine in Helsop. Surely she would want to go to Africa where some of the largest, most exotic animals in the world, made their home. 
Shalin decided she had plenty of time to walk down to the harbor to see the acting troupe’s ship, the Kingdom of Henge, before Esme arrived. She walked out the gate and down through the village. A few children played tag among the trim little village houses. She could see the shops set up alongside the wharf and off to her left, the Gypsy camp with its colorful wagons.
She breathed in the scent of salt and freedom from the sea and vowed never again to act in a way that would jeopardize her freedom. Electra had promised Shalin that Serafina would soon begin to include her twin daughters in her frequent travels and she had been right.
Arriving at the wharf, Shalin saw the Kingdom of Henge anchored just offshore. A few more days and she would be aboard with her mother and perhaps her sister as well. Mayhap the whole acting troupe would be allowed to go. She took a deep breath of moist air and twirled around in a circle. She heard someone laugh and stopped to compose herself.
“Please, do not stop on my account,” a man said. “Your joy is infectious.” He was dressed as a seaman, the kind that often frequented the harbors, seeking employment.
“You are correct. I am very happy. Today is almost my birthday,” Shalin said.
“Then a happy name day to you,” the man said. He walked on towards a ship tied up at the dock, ready to unload its cargo.

Shalin arrived back at the castle gate with time to spare. As soon as she saw the Helsop group approaching on horseback, she ran out to meet them. Esme and Dag were ahead of the others. Dag’s dog, Fang, ran along beside him.
Shalin hugged her identical twin who wore a leather tunic that matched her own. She felt a little awkward welcoming Dag. A hug seemed inappropriate even though she had known him all her life. She settled on hugging his dog instead and offering Dag a smile.
“I did not know you were coming, Dag,” she said, “but it is so good to see you.”
Dag seemed a little unsure of a proper greeting as well. “Esme invited me.”
Shalin gave Fang a final pat. “Of course. I am so glad she did. What are you up to now in Helsop?”
Dag seemed to draw himself up a little straighter. “I am apprenticed to Maki the Scout.”
“An apprentice scout. How interesting,” Shalin began. “What—“
“Do not encourage him,” Esme cut in. “Once he starts expounding on his scouting bits, he will not stop.”
Dag laughed, and the awkwardness was gone. “I believe your sister is jealous of my chosen profession. She likely wants to be a scout herself.”
Esme attempted a haughty expression. “I do not need a title to conduct myself adequately in following a trail through the forest.” 
Shalin clasped her hands together against her chest. “It is so good to see you both.”
“How long did Father keep you confined to your room?” Esme asked.
“Until today,” Shalin said.
Esme’s eyebrows shot up. “How did you stand it?”
“Not well, I fear. I may have lost a portion of my former sanity.”
The others in the Helsop group caught up to the twins before Esme had a chance to comment on her sister’s mental state.
 “Shalin!” Electra wrapped her cousin in a fierce hug. “How pale you are. And yet how lovely to my eyes.”
Shalin greeted Dagon, Gregor and Soren in turn. Gregor had a young dog with him that Shalin recognized as one of Fang’s pups. “This is your dog now, Gregor?” she asked.
“Yes, her name is Skadi,” Gregor said.
Electra draped her hand on her son’s shoulder. “Gregor has done a good job of caring for Skadi. He has taught her to shake hands.”
Gregor smiled proudly. “Shake a paw, Skadi.”
Skadi stuck out her paw.
Shalin took Skadi’s paw in her hand. “A pleasure to meet you,” she said, scratching the dog behind the ears and ruffling her thick fur. “She is beautiful – like her mother.”
“We should continue on to the castle,” Shalin said. “Everyone is looking forward to seeing you. Phinn is working on a special performance.”
“Will you be in it?” Electra asked.
“No, I am not even allowed to watch them rehearse. It is to be a surprise.”
Shalin turned to Esme. “But there is an even bigger surprise in store.”
“And what might that be?” Esme asked.
Shalin’s eyes sparkled with excitement. “A voyage to Africa.”
“For whom?” Esme asked.
Esme did not seem as excited about this information as Shalin had hoped. “Mother has asked me to accompany her, but with all the exotic animals there, I would not be surprised if she invited you to go as well.”
This fact gave her sister pause. Shalin could see a long list of African animals coursing through Esme’s mind. Elephants, lions, apes, hyenas, hippopotami, panthers – most they had seen only in pictures.
“Why is she going to Africa?” Esme asked.
Shalin put a picture of bat caves filled with guano into Esme’s mind. She did not want to mention the raw material for exploding niter in front of the others. “A variety of reasons,” she said.

They saw Serafina, Prince Blackwell and old King Blackwell waiting to welcome their visitors at the open door of the castle.
Esme broke free from the others and ran up the steps of the castle to hug her mother, father and grandfather.
Prince Blackwell hugged his daughter as though she had been gone for years. “It has been too long. I hope you are home to stay.”
Esme nestled her head into her father’s shoulder. “It has certainly been too long. It is so good to see you all.”
Serafina stood aside to reveal a very old panther.
“Ebony,” Esme shouted, flinging herself forward to hug the big cat. “I have brought you some herbs for your arthritis.”
Serafina ushered her guests inside. “Cook has made you some of her favorite dishes.”

Chapter 7

Kingdom of Henge

After the Helsop guests had been to their assigned rooms in the castle to deposit their luggage and freshen up from their two-day journey on horseback over the pass, they gathered at the dining table.
“We have a couple of men down in our dungeon who claim they’re from Helsop,” old King Blackwell said to Dagon. “Are you missing anyone?”
“Gunnar and Gustav?” Dagon asked.
Old King Blackwell’s surprise was evident in his expression. He nodded, his eyes open wide. “I didn’t realize you kept such close count of your people.”
Dagon smiled. “Their daughters are enrolled at the school of medicine. They’ve been camping up at Cold Lake. We noticed they were gone a few days ago. Where did you find them?”
“Nosing around up in the mountains. Said they were lost.” The old king’s last statement hung in the air, waiting for possible verification until Prince Blackwell intervened.
Prince Blackwell looked from his father to Dagon. “We do not need them taking up space in our dungeon. Do you wish to take them back with you to Helsop when you leave?”
Dagon huffed out a breath of air through his nose. “Not really. Their daughters are settled in the school of medicine. It is time for them to go home. Perhaps I could speak to them in the dungeon after lunch.”
“Where is their home?” Old King Blackwell asked.
Everyone was silent. They all knew Gunnar and Gustav were from Sandovia and had been searching for a niter mine these many months – a mine that did not exist. They were hoping to find the source of Henge’s exploding powder and collect their reward from the King of Sandovia. No one had told the old King because they knew he would want to send out Henge’s Army to conquer Sandovia as soon as he heard about this latest ploy on King Gundar’s part.
“I will find out and suggest they return there,” Dagon said.
Old King Blackwell frowned at Electra. “You should know where your students come from.”
Electra nodded. “Certainly you are correct. I have quite a few students just now. Most are from Helsop or Fernland, but we do have a few from further afield. In fact, I have just learned that we can expect a visit from Odval. She is a former student and also the wife of the Great Khan’s son, Bataar.”
Esme and Shalin exchanged a knowing glance. They both knew Electra was trying to steer the conversation away from Gunnar and Gustav, but in mentioning Bataar, she was also issuing a warning to Prince Blackwell and Serafina. 
Esme had chanced to read Bataar’s mind several months earlier and was horrified to see that he wanted to kill her.  Electra told her it was because he was very superstitious. He had tried to kill Serafina many years ago because she was a sorceress. He felt Esme and Shalin, Serafina’s daughters, should also be killed before they had a chance to grow into sorceresses like their mother.
Serafina was quick to grasp the warning. “This might be a good time for you to take a vacation from your study of animal medicine, Esme. Why not come along with Shalin and me on our trip to Eko?”
“Do you think I would see some big animals there?” Esme asked.
“I do. When last there, I saw the largest ape I had ever seen – a gorilla.”
Esme put her palm on her chest. “A gorilla? Truly? In the forest?”
“This one was in a cage,” Serafina said.
Esme frowned. “I would be more interested to see one in its natural habitat.”
Serafina tilted her head thoughtfully before answering. “Such a thing might be possible. We found an uncommon group of traders there who represented a wide range of interests. Besides wild animals they had items in the marketplace they refused to sell. Unfortunately, most spoke unfamiliar languages and we left with many questions unanswered. We may travel outside Eko to learn more.”
Shalin spoke up. “Lars the Trader knows some of the African languages. He was able to understand the people on the inhabited island we found because they shared a few words in common with North African traders.”
Serafina nodded. “Perhaps we should invite Lars to come with us.”
“We could invite the whole of the acting troupe,” Shalin suggested.
“Perhaps,” Serafina said without enthusiasm.
Esme read Dag’s mind and saw he was intrigued by the conversation. He was thinking about tracking apes through the jungles of Africa and how he would go about it. Esme knew there was no chance his parents or Maki the Scout would allow him to go.
She could also see Electra was captivated by the idea of an African visit. But Electra would not consider either leaving her sons behind or taking her sons away from their father for so long a time. Also, there was no real reason for any of her family to undertake such a journey. 
Electra looked at Esme and smiled. “Would you like to take a brief vacation from your studies, Esme? This sounds like an opportunity that should not be missed.”
“It is beginning to sound exciting,” Esme allowed.
Prince Blackwell held up a hand. “I agreed to this trip for reasons I believed to be sound. But I will not agree to this new fantasy of tracking jungle animals. I insist you confine your activities to those in keeping with the purpose of the trip.”
Serafina smiled at her husband and touched his hand. “Of course we shall do as you advise.”
The real purpose of the trip – to harvest bat guano for the making of explosives – would not be mentioned, as that was acknowledged to be Henge’s secret. The visitors from Henge knew the secret but had not been officially told, so could not admit to knowing. It might get the twins, the source of their knowledge, in trouble.
Cook arrived at the table with a platter full of pork chops. Her helper walked behind her with a large bowl full of applesauce.
Everyone’s attention turned to the food as they breathed in the wonderful aromas.
Cook smiled and said, “Just you wait. We have more tasty surprises in store.”
When the delicious meal finally came to a close, everyone appeared ready for a nap. 
Dagon looked at Prince Blackwell. “Shall I pay a visit to your prisoners in the dungeon?”
Prince Blackwell patted his lips with a cloth napkin. “I will go with you.”
Old King Blackwell looked up from his plate with a languid gaze. “If you are just going to turn them loose, I think I’ll go up to my room and take a nap. Tell them they’d best not be found again trespassing in Henge, lost or not.”

Dagon and Prince Blackwell passed through the kitchen on their way down to the dungeon.
“Wonderful meal,” Dagon said to Cook in passing. “I could not stop myself from overeating.”
Cook smiled broadly. “You are welcome, and thank you for taking care of our little Esme while she is in Helsop.”
Dagon was quite sure little Esme could take care of herself, but said nothing more.
They found one guard stationed in the dungeon.
“Keys,” Prince Blackwell said. “I understand we have two prisoners.”
“We do,” Keys said, straightening to attention and saluting his commander-in-chief.
He led them to the cell where Gunnar and Gustav sat silently leaning against the wall.
“Gustav and Gunnar,” Dagon said.
They looked up with hopeful expressions. 
“Have you come to take us back to Helsop?” Gustav asked.
Dagon shook his head. “No, I warned you not to leave Helsop.”
“We got lost,” Gunnar said, trying to sound innocent.
Dagon frowned. “We know why you came here. It is a fool’s mission. But Prince Blackwell has agreed to release you if I will put you on a ship back to Sandovia.”
“But our daughters,” Gustav complained, with a plaintive whine.
“We will allow your daughters to stay in Helsop or send them back to Sandovia,” Dagon said, with a disinterested shrug. “Your choice.”
The two men whispered together for a moment, then Gunnar gave their decision.
“Make it their choice whether they stay or go.”
“Very well,” Dagon said. “I make no promises, but I will try to find you passage on a ship back to Sandovia.”


Chapter 8

Kingdom of Henge

Shalin woke up, surprised to find Esme asleep in the bed beside her, and a series of happy revelations followed. She was no longer confined to this room.  Her twin sister was here with her after months apart. Today was their twelfth birthday and they would celebrate with entertainment and friends.
Shalin looked up at the wooden ceiling above her and smiled.
“Esme, are you awake?” she asked.
Esme scrunched down into her covers. “No, I am dreaming.”
Shalin could have read Esme’s mind but enjoyed hearing her voice again. “About what?” 
“I am in the forest and Dag is climbing a tree.”
“Why is he climbing a tree?”
“I do not know, nor shall I ever, now you have woken me,” Esme said.
Shalin laughed. “I may have kept him from falling.”
Esme stretched and yawned. “Happy name day, sister.”
“Happy name day to you as well.” Shalin threw off her bed covers. 
Esme swung her feet over the side of the bed. “Do you think we will get a present? Perhaps the trip to Africa is meant to be our present.”
Shalin sat up in bed. “I thought freedom from my room was to be my present, but mother said no, it was not.”
Esme rubbed the sleep from her eyes. “Mayhap we will be allowed to buy something on our trip.”
“Mayhap,” Shalin agreed. “I am glad you decided to come along.”
“I do not think I had much choice,” Esme said.
“Why?”
“Because Bataar is coming to Helsop and would like to kill me if he has the opportunity.”
Shalin drew in a sharp breath. “Thinking he would like to kill you is a long way from actually doing it.”
“Not for a Barburee soldier. He tried to kill Mother and might try again, given the chance.”
Shalin considered her sister’s words for a moment. “You think Electra was trying to warn Father to send you away?”
“I am sure of it,” Esme said.
“How can Electra stay friends with such a person?” Shalin asked.
“Bataar is friends with Electra because she saved his life when he was badly wounded by our panther, Ebony. Electra just tries to keep him from becoming an enemy to Helsop.”
Shalin did not want to think about Bataar on her name day and changed the subject. “I wish Electra and Dag could come along with us to Africa.”
“Electra would like to come, I could tell,” Esme said. “But she would never leave Soren and Gregor. Dag would like to come, too, but he has to stay with Maki the Scout now that he is an apprentice.” 
“Is he right, saying you are jealous and would like to be an apprentice scout, too?”
Esme picked up her clothes from the day before to check to see if they might be worn again. She sniffed the blouse and decided against it. “Yes, I suppose he is right. But I have come to like my study of animal medicine as well. I have several animals I am tending now and I feel satisfaction in assisting their recovery.”
“Who will care for them while you are away?” Shalin asked.
“Isa will, or the other students. Helsop has no scarcity of physicians.”
“We should see some big animals in Africa,” Shalin said.
“Do not let Father hear you say that.” Esme smiled. “Tell me what you know of this Bat Island we will be visiting.”
“Very little.” Shalin shook her head thoughtfully. “Mother says the bats live in caves made from ancient lava flows. Their guano is very thick at the bottom of the caves and rich in niter.”
“Are we to be the ones to harvest it?” Esme asked, wrinkling her nose.
Shalin shrugged. “She only said she may need us to provide wind for the ship’s sails.”
Esme nodded. “I knew the day would finally come when our gifts would prove useful.”
Shalin left her bed to look out the window. “Clear and warm, a good day for a party.”
Esme pulled fresh clothes out of her bag. “Shall we dress alike for our party?” 
“No,” Shalin said. “I want people to be able to tell us apart today. What if someone were to hand me a sick animal?”
“Not much chance of that, today.” Esme grinned and threw her hands in the air. “Today we are the guests of honor.”

The two girls swooped down on Cook in the kitchen and begged sweet rolls which they took with them out to the castle grounds.
“You girls come back for breakfast!” Cook shouted after them.
“We will,” Esme called back. “We are just going to peek in at the theater.”
They ran to the door of the theater and pulled it open quietly. The seating area was dark and silent.
“No one is here yet,” Shalin said, peering into the shadows. “I can show you the elephant head.”
Lighting a taper with a flint, Shalin pulled Esme along to the stage. There they saw a pile of costumes, many appearing furry or hairy.
“I think Phinn may have got wind of our trip to Africa,” Esme joked.

“Here now, what might two birthday girls be doing snooping around what’s meant to be a surprise?” A voice came from the side of the stage.
Shalin lifted the taper to peer into the darkness. “Uncle Phinn! You have caught us. I wanted to show Esme the elephant head.”
“And how might you know of an elephant’s head?” Phinn asked.
“You are right. I have been snooping,” Shalin admitted.
“Caught and collared,” Phinn declared. “Both of you now, back to breakfast with me. I’ll not have our surprise ruined.”
Both girls giggled and followed Phinn back to the castle where a few guests were already seated at the dining room table.
Prince Blackwell, seated beside Serafina, smiled at his daughters. “Happy name day, girls.”
At each of their places on the table sat a small case decorated with wildflowers.
“Presents for us?” Esme asked with a hopeful expression.
Serafina nodded. “Things we thought you might find useful.”
Esme tore hers open, scattering flowers on the table and floor. She opened the hinged case and took out a small bronze instrument. It was a small metal scalloped fish, ornately fashioned, floating in a sealed liquid, wobbling within its casement. A small pin through the body kept it centered in the liquid, but did not restrict its circular rotation.
“What is it?” she asked.
“A south-finder,” Serafina said, with uncharacteristic eagerness. “Some call it a compass. It is used to find gemstones in China but it can also be used to mark direction. Notice how the tail of the fish always points south.”
Esme moved the south finder this way and that, watching the fish’s tail move. “Amazing. How does it work?” 
“It is a mystery,” Serafina said, “but it seems a close relative of magnetic stones.”
Esme clutched her gift to her chest. “I love it.” 
“Is mine the same?” Shalin asked as she carefully removed the flowers from her gift and formed them into a small bouquet.
Serafina shook her head. “No. Only the same size.”
Shalin could feel her sister’s impatience and purposely slowed her movements to tease her.
“Hurry up,” Esme prompted.
Shalin opened the red velvet case and drew in a breath. “An astrolabe!”
“A what?” Esme asked, staring at the ornate bronze instrument.
“It measures the position of celestial bodies in the sky,” Shalin said, her voice filled with wonder.  “I have always wanted one.”
Esme studied the round disk edged with movable wheels to measure degrees, and lines to mark off distances, but soon lost interest and returned her attention to her own gift. “May I show my south-finder to Dag?” she asked.
Serafina smiled. “Of course. Tell him to join us for breakfast.”
“I will,” Esme promised, grabbing her case and hurrying off to the barracks where Dag was staying.
“Thank you so much,” Shalin said, still turning the little wheels of her astrolabe.
Serafina nodded and patted Shalin’s shoulder. “You are very welcome. We will have time to use it during our upcoming nights at sea.”
“It is one more safeguard to assure you of finding your way back home,” her father said, smiling.

Chapter 9 

Kingdom of Henge

Esme found Dag outside the Army barracks throwing sticks for Fang to retrieve.
“Have you had breakfast?” she asked.
“Yes, I ate at the officers’ mess because I was a guest. They eat well here. Why do you ask?”
“No reason,” Esme said. If Dag had already eaten she did not want to waste time going back to the castle. “I came to show you my birthday present. I thought we could go up into the hills to try it out.”
“What is it?” Dag asked, looking at the blue velvet case in her hand.
Esme opened the case to show Dag. “It is a south-finder. It comes from the Orient. If ever you are lost, it will point south so you can find your way. If the tail of the fish is being drawn off from the direction you know to be south, it means there is a metal with magnetic powers close by.”
“Let me test it,” he said.
The morning sun was still low in the east. No matter which way he turned the case, the tail of the fish pointed south.
“How does it work?” he asked.
“No one knows,” Esme said. “If it pulls away from south, we may find the gemstones that grow near magnetic metals.”
Dag’s eyes grew wide. “Are you sure no one will mind our leaving? When will Phinn’s play begin?”
“Not until after lunch. No one will mind. They have lots to talk about.”
Dag looked a little dubious, but Esme could see he was as anxious as she was to try it out.
He whistled for Fang and they took off at a jog toward the rising sun.

Shalin and Serafina lingered at the dining table after breakfast, studying the wheels, fasciae and markings of the astrolabe.
“With this tool you can tell the height of any object, including the sun and stars, and once you know that, you can tell the time, even at night, by using the star map, the second fascia,” Serafina explained.
Shalin dismantled the three interlocking layers, then studied the way the top fascia rotated above the star map. Before long she was measuring the height of the walls and columns around her.
“May we stay up late tonight to measure some star movements?” Shalin asked.
“Certainly.” Serafina seemed to share her excitement. “And we must make notes of those stars we locate to record their movement.”
“This is a wonderful gift,” Shalin said, setting it down carefully on the table.
“I am pleased that you find it so.” Serafina looked toward the door of the castle. “I wonder what happened to Esme and Dag?”
Shalin laughed. “If I know Esme, she is out experimenting with her south-finder.”
Serafina nodded. “I hope they remember to return in time for Phinn’s performance.”
“I hope so, too.” Shalin stood up. “I want to find Electra and show her how my astrolabe works. Do you want to come with me?”
“Perhaps in a few minutes. I need to speak to your father about our project on Bat Island, first.”

Shalin saw Electra outside the castle with her two sons, seven year old Gregor, five year old Soren and Phinn’s son, Drake. Drake was giving them a tour of the various outbuildings surrounding the castle.
“This is where the tallow is made into candles,” Drake said.
Shalin smiled. At just seven years old, Drake was trying hard to mimic a grown-up voice. 
“In Helsop, everyone makes their own candles,” Gregor noted.
“But in time, that could change,” Electra said, smiling at Drake. “Helsop will grow and more jobs will become specialized.”
Soren spoke up. “I could make candles to sell.”
Electra nodded. “Yes, you could.”
Shalin held up her new astrolabe as she joined the group. “And I could tell everyone what time it is, with my new gift.”
“Do you know how it works?” Electra asked.
“A little, but there is more to learn. Before long I will be able to tell you what time it is, even in the middle of the night.”
“Could you show me how it works?” Gregor asked.
“I could show you what I have learned so far,” Shalin offered.

Serafina knocked softly at the open door of Prince Blackwell’s office to draw her husband’s notice before entering.
Blackwell glanced up. “My dear, please come in. Is there a chance I might still dissuade you from this trip to Africa?”
“I feel my presence is needed to be sure our enterprise is set in motion properly. And my curiosity about Eko’s marketplace will lead me to visit once more, since it is so close to Bat Island.”
Prince Blackwell sighed. “I assumed as much.”
Serafina brought a chair close to her husband’s desk. “I had thought to hire workers from Eko to mine the guano since it is close by, but I know you prefer to use our own soldiers for the sake of secrecy.”
Blackwell responded, “Yes, that is my preference. But it will be a lonely outpost and the island may not contain sufficient food sources to provide for the men I station there. Then there is the problem of shipping the guano to Henge. I know that my father would object to my taking over Phinn’s ship indefinitely for such transport.”
Serafina nodded. “With local workers, it would be easier to arrange transport back and forth from the island to the port of Eko where we could use trading ships like the Jungle Queen to ship our guano back to Henge.”
“Do you think the local people would be able to figure out the real reason for our interest in bat guano?”
Serafina paused to consider his words. “There is always that chance. But I see it as unlikely.”
“You must take a few soldiers along,” Blackwell said, “but use your own discretion as to which plan will better serve us. I trust you to make the decision about hiring local workers once you are there.”
Serafina made one emphatic nod. “As you will.”
Prince Blackwell smiled. “If only that were so. You know I will miss you and the girls while you are gone – not to mention having to face my father’s warmongering alone and unaided.”
Serafina returned her husband’s smile. “I know we are less likely to return to find ourselves at war with our neighbors with you at our helm.”
“Not with our neighbors, perhaps, but I would not rule out war with Barburee, should Bataar come to Henge looking for trouble.”
“Luckily the trouble he seeks will be on its way to Africa,” Serafina said. “When he learns the twins and I are gone, I doubt he will bother coming to Henge.”
Blackwell’s smile vanished. An icy, determined look took its place. “And that is the main reason I am allowing you to go.” 

Esme and Dag had managed to find a few crystals of lodestone with their new toy.
“Phinn will be excited about these stones.” Esme rolled the shiny black crystalline stones back and forth in her hand to watch how they clung to a small iron knife she took from her backpack. “A lot of his tricks depend on magnets.”
Dag looked up at the sun, reaching its zenith. “We should get back if we want to have time for lunch before the play starts.”
“I will race you,” Esme said, filling her pockets with the magnetic stones.
They took off at a run for the castle below.

Chapter 10

Kingdom of Henge


All the invited guests, many of them high-ranking soldiers in Prince Blackwell’s army, gathered in the beautiful theatre old King Blackwell had built to keep his son Phinn, in Henge. The guests had seen enough of Phinn’s plays over the years to know they were in for a treat. A current of excited anticipation moved through the crowded theatre.
The black front curtains remained tightly closed as the play began. Animal noises could be heard from behind the curtain. Hoarse growls and the trumpeting of elephants rolled out across the rapt audience.
“Is that Uncle Phinn making those sounds?” Esme whispered to Shalin.
“It is likely Smiles,” Shalin whispered back. “He is a good mimic.”
The trunk of a life-sized elephant nudged a narrow opening in the black curtain. As the whole head came into view, the trunk lifted up and a loud trumpeting sound filled the theater. When the elephant head disappeared behind the curtain, Phinn stepped out in the costume of an African warrior wearing animal pelts and carrying a spear.
“Welcome to the deepest jungle of Africa,” he began. “I will be your guide through its many wonders and,” his voice fell to a low pitched, ominous level, “its many dangers.”
Esme and Shalin suppressed happy giggles.
“This is wonderful,” Shalin whispered.
The first scene opened to reveal a campfire in front of a thatched hut. Dark, coal-dusted women, dressed in grass skirts and layers of beaded necklaces, danced around the fire to the beat of skin-covered drums.
A lion poked his head out from the side of the stage, but he was fended off when one of the drummers brandished a torch in his direction.
Two girls, dressed as African princesses in elaborate headdresses, emerged from the thatched hut. An aging panther accompanied them.
“How did they manage to get Ebony down here?” Esme whispered. “She can barely walk.”
Shalin shushed her sister with a hissing noise.
“We must find the hidden city of Eek,” said one of the princesses.
Shalin giggled and Esme allowed a snort to escape. It was not nice to make fun of Eko’s city name, but it was funny.

The next scene opened to reveal an ancient city drawn on a blue cloth at the back of the stage. The two African princesses now stood before the papier-mâché ruins of the foremost temple. A few broken columns and part of a wall had been sculpted from rags, paper and glue.
“Here are the ruins of Eek,” one of the princesses said in a solemn tone. “This temple will reveal the secrets of its ancient civilization.”
Esme poked Shalin in the ribs and Shalin slapped her sister’s hand away. Shalin was a little embarrassed that her Uncle Phinn chose to poke fun at her obsession with ancient cities.
The African warrior began guiding the princesses around the temple ruins, and before long they discovered an earthen jar filled with clay tablets. “The secrets of Eek lie within,” one of the princesses said, dramatically holding up a clay tablet as the curtain closed.

Moments later, the curtains opened on the third scene to reveal thick jungle foliage. Their jungle warrior guide hacked a passage through with a long curved knife. It seemed the princesses had acquired an entourage along the way. They were followed by an apelike creature, a lion and something that might have been a zebra with black and white stripes.
Esme, with her love of animals, did not seem to mind being the target of Phinn’s humor.
One of the princesses held up a ring that she wore around her neck and suddenly she sprouted wings which allowed her to fly around the stage while the others continued to slash their weary way through the foliage.
Shalin thought this too much of an exaggeration. Her ring certainly did not give her any ability to fly.
For the most part, the audience remained quiet as if spellbound, but now and then nervous laughter broke through.
As the performance ended, the princesses were back at the campfire and thatched hut, this time joining in with other African women who danced around the campfire.
When the curtain closed for the final time, the actors stepped out in front and bowed to enthusiastic applause.
Phinn held up his hands in the direction of the audience for quiet.
“This was a special presentation in honor of our own African explorers who turned twelve years old today,” he said, pointing toward Shalin and Esme, sitting close to the stage with their parents.
The two girls smiled and stood to more applause as the actors left the stage to mingle with the audience.
“Did you like the play?” Phinn asked as he approached his two nieces.
“I loved it,” Esme said.
“I did too,” Shalin said, “though it is a bit embarrassing that everyone knows my secret desires so well.”
Phinn laughed. “Perhaps you are not the only one who can read minds.”
Prince Blackwell stood to shake Phinn’s hand. “Quite a memorable performance,” he said as he leveled a dark glance at his daughters, “though I am assured there will be no hunting for lost cities or accumulation of wild animals on this trip to Africa.”
Esme and Shalin nodded their heads in agreement.
“Will you perform your play in Eko?” Serafina asked Phinn.
Phinn shook his head. “We will put on a play if we are invited to do so, but not one that might be perceived as mocking their culture.”
Serafina nodded. “That seems wise.” She turned to her daughters. “We should begin to transfer some baggage to our ship while we still have the light of day.”
“Will we leave at dawn tomorrow?” Shalin asked.
“After breakfast,” Serafina said.
Electra, Dagon, Gregor, Soren and Dag joined the group.
“That was wonderful, Phinn,” Electra said. “Please say you will come to Helsop and perform for us there when you return from Africa.”
Phinn smiled. “We will do our best to accommodate you.”
Dagon caught Prince Blackwell’s eye. “I think I have found a ship that can return Gunnar and Gustav to Sandovia,” he said.
“Good,” Blackwell said. “I would like them out of Henge as soon as possible. I will accompany you to the dungeon and see to their release.”

Esme walked back to the castle with Dag.
“Did you like the play?” she asked.
“Yes, very much. I wish we had someone like Phinn in Helsop.” He paused, remembering the play. “Shall we expect to see you back in Henge with a menagerie of African animals as the play predicted?”
Esme laughed. “I doubt it would be allowed, though I do hope to see some big animals while we are there.”
Dag looked at Esme with an earnest gaze. “Please take note of their tracks for me if you do. I am keeping a record of all the various animal imprints I come across.”
“I will keep a log,” Esme promised. “I will try to trace the footprints of at least one jungle animal for you.”
Dag smiled. “Good. And if I find any wounded animals in the forest, I will try to keep them alive until you return.”
“You might release my crow when you return to Helsop. He will be ready to fly by then.” She stopped walking and looked at Dag. “There will be more trips to Bat Island. Perhaps we will have need of a scout and tracker.”
Dag shrugged. “My life is no longer mine to plan. I belong to the militia now.”
Esme nodded. “I will return to Helsop. There is more I can learn at the school of medicine.”
“I will see you at breakfast tomorrow,” Dag said as he veered off toward the Army barracks. “Electra invited me.”
Esme continued on to the castle where she saw her sister waiting for her at the gate. As much as she looked forward to her coming trip to Africa, she would miss her excursions into the forest with Dag.

Chapter 11

Kingdom of Henge

Dagon and Prince Blackwell walked into the castle kitchen where preparations for dinner were already underway. The smell of roasted meat permeated the room. They continued down the stone steps next to the fireplace to the dungeon below.
When Keys the Guard bustled up to greet the men, Prince Blackwell motioned to the only cell currently in use.
“Open the door, Keys. Our guests are leaving.”
At these words, Gunnar and Gustav jumped up eagerly from where they sat on the cold stone dungeon floor.
“Dagon,” Gunnar said. “Thank you for coming to our rescue.”
“King Gundar must have promised a big reward to anyone who could find the mine,” Dagon said, shaking his head in feigned empathy.
Gunnar’s neck turned red as he turned away. “Enough to buy a ship and leave off work in the coal mines,” he mumbled.
Dagon saw Prince Blackwell’s eyebrows lift in surprise. That was indeed a reward worth the risk.
“Come along.” Dagon waved the men out. “The ship will leave at dawn and the captain wants you two secured in the brig overnight.”
The two men followed Dagon out of one cell on their way to another.

Upstairs in their room at the castle, Esme and Shalin looked at the luggage piled up beside the bed, wondering if they had thought of everything they might need for their fast-approaching voyage.
Shalin added a scroll, quill and ink to the valise.
“Do you have an extra scroll?” Esme asked.
Shalin looked up with a surprised expression. “You plan to keep a journal?” 
“I promised Dag I would keep a log of any animal footprints we come across.”
Shalin smiled. “Why not just bring back the animal that made them?”
Esme laughed. “I took note of Father’s warning not to do so.”
Shalin opened the clasp on her valise and added two more blank scrolls. “Mother will be shadowing mysterious traders in Eko’s marketplace, I will be looking for ancient cities and you will be tracking jungle animals. Do you think there is any chance we might all go in the same direction?”
“More likely none of us will be able to act on our impulses,” Esme said, shaking her head. “We are there to collect bat dung, after all.”
“I would wager Mother will be the one to succeed,” Shalin said. “No mystery can withstand her scrutiny.”
Esme agreed. “What was it about Eko’s marketplace that caught her interest?”
“She tried to buy a bronze mask that was displayed on a merchant’s table and was told it was not for sale. Then a blue-veiled trader refused to sell her any written works, but offered to buy any she might have.” Shalin gave her sister an enigmatic smile, pausing before revealing the final mystery. “But he declined to say who he was buying them for.”
Esme sat on the bed, looking out the arched window to the bay. “That is indeed curious. It seems Mother is not the only collector of the written word.”
“I am sure we will return to Henge knowing the identity of this secretive collector of manuscripts,” Shalin said.
Esme nodded. “Let us hope tracking him or her down will involve a trek through an animal-infested jungle.”
“With several half-buried cities along the way,” Shalin added.

The next morning, after a rushed breakfast, servants scurried to and fro gathering last minute luggage and supplies to carry down to the ship. The Blackwell family bid hurried goodbyes to their guests from Helsop. Electra handed Esme a list she had made of features to take note of when studying new animals.
Esme promised to study it while on the ship.
Prince Blackwell drew Dagon aside as he come down the stairs, and spoke to Helsop’s headman in hushed tones.
“I want to know as soon as Bataar arrives in Helsop. We will double our sentries at all entry points. If he makes any move against my castle or army, I will be forced to retaliate. I know full well the repercussions such an act will set in motion, yet I will have no choice but to defend Henge.”
“I understand.” Dagon nodded gravely. “I will do all I can to make sure such a chain of events is not set in motion. It is likely he only seeks Electra’s advice on his wife’s pregnancy. I understand Odval has had problems in the past.”
“Let us hope that is the case.” Blackwell picked up one of his wife’s valises and headed for the door.

Esme stroked Fang’s fur as she said goodbye to Dag. “I have a scroll for recording animal tracks and a list to classify any animals we come across.”
“I suspect you will know a great deal about bats when you return,” Dag said in a teasing tone.
Esme laughed. “No doubt. I expect where there are bats, there is something that eats bats, so there will be two animals at the least.”
“Nothing to eat the bat-eaters?” Dag asked.
Esme smiled. “We shall see.”
“Have you any idea when you might return to Helsop?” Dag asked.
Esme shrugged. “The voyage to Bat Island will take close to a month. I do not know how long we might stay there. Perhaps three months round trip.”
“Winter, then,” Dag said.
“Dag!” Dagon called out. “We are ready to leave. Have you anything left to pack?”
“No, I am ready.” Turning to Esme, Dag said, “Safe trip, then,” and waved a hasty goodbye as he ran to join Dagon.

At the ship, Phinn was supervising the loading of gear and the assignment of cabins and deck space to the few soldiers Prince Blackwell had picked to send along. The small ship would be filled to capacity for this voyage.
Shalin noticed a new crew member carrying luggage up the gangplank on a wheeled cart. He was tall and thin with kind eyes and efficient movements. He was the same man who had laughed with her days before as she twirled in happy circles on the dock, celebrating her freedom from months of confinement in her room.
“Hello again,” she said as she drew near, depositing her last piece of luggage beside the large pile.
“Ah, the twirling girl. I remember you,” the seaman said. “You will be going to Africa?”
“I will,” Shalin said. “And you as well?”
“Yes, I was lucky enough to be offered a job on the crew, since I have been to Eko and Captain Hardy has not.”
“How did you happen to be in Eko?” Shalin asked.
The man wiped perspiration from his forehead with his sleeve before answering. “I was there aboard the Jungle Queen as part of the crew. The Queen was stranded there needing months of repairs so I joined up with the crew of the Pride of Manoa. That’s where I’m from – Manoa.”
Shalin could not help but see a picture of another man pass into his mind. The picture in his mind was connected to deep emotions – sadness, fear, anxiety.
“You have family in Manoa?” she asked.
“Some,” he said, turning quickly back to his work.
“I am Shalin,” she said. “Phinn is my uncle. My sister and mother will be going along as well.”
“I am Alekos. Nice to make your acquaintance.” He seemed anxious to end the conversation, and even more anxious to avoid any thoughts of the mysterious man who lurked in the recesses of his mind.

Chapter 12

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin and Esme were assigned a small cabin with bunk beds next to their mother’s cabin. This was quite an upgrade from Shalin’s last trip aboard the Kingdom of Henge as a stowaway. On that trip she had slept in a closet on the floor for the first leg of the journey, until she decided to make her presence known to her Uncle Phinn.
“Who are you thinking about?” Esme asked.
“What?” Shalin said in a distracted manner as she transferred her quill and ink to a nightstand.
“I can tell you are thinking about some mysterious man. Who is he?”
Shalin stopped unpacking and gave her sister her full attention. “He is a new member of the crew. I saw him a few days ago. I thought he might be looking for work, and I guess he was. He told me his name was Alekos and he was hired because he was familiar with the port of Eko.”
“What is there about him that you find mysterious?” Esme asked.
Shalin smiled. “Nothing really – but he was trying not to think of someone he was very worried about. A man, older than he is, perhaps a family member.”
“He might have a sick father,” Esme suggested.
“Perhaps,” Shalin mused. “But there was fear there as well, as though the person might be in trouble or in danger.”
Esme paused to consider this, then shrugged. “We could just ask him.”
“I doubt he would tell us. It is a thing he wishes to keep secret.”
Esme was interested now. “You must point him out to me.”
“You will notice him,” Shalin said. “He is the only new crew member.”
Serafina opened the door to her twins’ cabin without knocking and walked in.
“We are about to leave the dock,” she said. “Come out and wave goodbye to your father and grandfather.”
The girls scurried up the stairs to the ship’s rail. They saw their father and grandfather standing to the side of a larger group of people, all watching as the lines were set free and the ship floated away from its mooring.
Captain Hardy shouted orders and seamen rushed to pull up the sails.
Esme and Shalin blew kisses to their father and grandfather, who waved back to them.
“Hurry back,” their father shouted.
“Fair winds and calm seas to you,” their grandfather called out.
The ship creaked and lurched as wind filled the sails. Soon they were clear of the harbor, and the crew set about securing lines and inspecting tied-down cargo for slippage.
Shalin put a thought into Esme’s mind. He is just behind you—the man I told you about.
As Esme turned to look, Serafina’s eyes followed her gaze.
Both girls were surprised when Serafina called out his name.
“Alekos, I remember you from the Jungle Queen. We almost died of thirst in the horse latitudes, then almost drowned in the hurricane.”
Alekos recognized Serafina immediately. “Princess Serafina!” He gave a sweeping bow. “I remember it well. You and Prince Blackwell took your turn, helping to bail us out. I am happy to see you are none the worse for our ordeal.”
“You have left the employ of the Jungle Queen, then?”
“Yes,” he answered. “They had no use for me while the ship was being repaired, so I joined the ranks of the Pride of Manoa.”
“And what of your brother, Cosmos?” Serafina asked. “He was first mate on the Queen, I believe.”
“Yes, my brother is some years older than I. As first mate, he was needed to oversee the repairs. He stayed with the ship.”
This time both Shalin and Esme saw the turmoil in Alekos’ mind. He believed his brother was in great danger. He had to get to Eko to find his brother.
“Perhaps we will see him there. We plan to stop in Eko,” Serafina said.
Alekos smiled. “That is the reason I was hired. Captain Hardy is not familiar with the port of Eko. If he had known you had been there, I might not have been hired.”
Serafina returned his smile. “Let us hope for a less hazardous voyage this time.”
Alekos gave a little salute and turned back to his work.
Shalin and Esme stared at their mother in awe as they all headed toward their cabins.
“You almost died of thirst?” Shalin asked, as they descended to the cabins deck.
“You almost drowned?” Esme added.
“It was an exciting voyage,” Serafina allowed, stopping outside her cabin door.
“Do you remember his brother?” Shalin asked.
“Cosmos? Yes, of course. We all had to work together to survive,” Serafina said.
“Alekos is worried about his brother,” Esme said.
“He told you this?” Serafina asked.
“No, we saw it in his mind,” Shalin said.
“Do you know why he is worried?” Serafina asked.
“No, but he believes his brother is in danger,” Esme said.
Serafina shrugged. “I suppose we will find out why once we arrive in Eko.”
“Is Eko a dangerous place?” Shalin asked.
Serafina took a moment to consider the question. “I believe it may be,” she decided, without further comment or elaboration, as she entered her cabin and closed the door behind her.

Esme and Shalin set about shadowing Alekos to try to ferret out the truth of his brother’s situation. At lunch they made sure to sit close to him in hopes of catching a fleeting thought or two.
Esme set her plate down beside Alekos’ at the galley table and began a conversation. “It is interesting that you have been to Eko. Mother says it may be a dangerous place.”
“She said that?” Alekos asked. “Did she say why she found it dangerous?”
“It is a place of many secrets.” Esme moved closer. “Mother collects old codices and scrolls. She hoped to buy some there, but the shopkeeper who sold scrolls only sold blank ones, never written works. A blue-veiled trader offered to buy any written work she might have.” Esme swung her fork upwards to make a point. “Do you not find that unusual?”
“Perhaps. I am not much of a reader, myself, so I may not be a good judge of what is usual.”
Shalin tried a different tactic. “Mother says the area around Eko is a jungle with many large animals. That always makes for a dangerous environment, I suppose.”
Alekos mind went immediately to his brother, imagining him lost in thick jungle, at the mercy of wild animals.
“I hope to see some jungle animals while we are there.” Esme smiled brightly. “Perhaps an elephant or an ape.”
Alekos returned her smile. “Some might call you courageous, and others might say foolhardy. If your mother finds Eko dangerous, that might well be the reason why.”
“Perhaps we could ask your brother if he has seen any wild animals when we arrive there,” Shalin said. “If he is still there, that is.”
“Yes, if he is still there,” Alekos said. “That is the question.”
Shalin could see Alekos feared his brother might already be dead.

Chapter 13

Village of Helsop

As Dagon, Dag, Electra and her sons neared the midpoint in their trek from Henge back to their own village, they saw a small cloud of dust – a man on a horse galloping toward them from the direction of Helsop.
Dag shielded his eyes from the rising sun. “It looks like Maki the Scout,” he said to his companions.
Maki slowed his horse to a trot as he drew near. He saluted and drew up alongside Headman Dagon.
“Deimos has sent me with a message,” he said.
Dagon had left Deimos, his best friend and the second in command of Helsop’s militia, in charge while he and his family visited Henge. “What is the message?” he asked.
“Bataar of Barburee has arrived with his wife and children and a few men. Also, the two students of medicine from Sandovia have gone missing. Isa believes they have gone looking for their fathers.”
Dagon frowned and ran his hand over the top of this head as he thought.
Electra guided her horse close to her husband’s. “They will surely head for Henge if they are searching for their fathers,” she said.
Dagon nodded in agreement before giving Maki his orders. “Take Dag and go to Henge. Tell Prince Blackwell what you have told me but be sure not to tell him in the hearing of his father, old King Blackwell. Also tell him that I have ordered you and Dag to track the missing two girls.”
Dagon paused to think. “Tell him you will try to find them before they trespass beyond Helsop’s boundaries, but if necessary, you will also search in Henge’s territory to find them if he will allow it. When you find the two girls inform them their fathers are unharmed, but they have been sent back to Sandovia as punishment for trespassing. Bring the girls back to Helsop as soon as you find them.”
Maki saluted and was about to ride on toward Henge when Electra stopped him with a raised hand. She had been near enough to hear.
“Before you and Dag leave, tell me this. How long have the girls been gone?”
Maki shrugged. “They did not appear for breakfast this morning.”
“I see. I thought perhaps I should join you in the hunt if they had been gone long enough to suffer injury from exposure, but that seems unlikely if they left during the early hours.” She looked at Dag, who was already turning his horse back toward Henge. “I will tell your mother what has happened.”
Dag blushed to hear his mother mentioned as though he was still a boy, but realized it was only his own extended family that had overheard. “Thank you,” he said. “Will you keep Fang for me until I return? She has not been trained to track as yet.” 
“Of course,” she said, dismounting to hold the dog who barked and squirmed as its master rode off back to Henge.

As the Helsop travelers continued on to their village, Electra rode beside Dagon.
“I cannot imagine why Bataar’s wife, Odval, has come back to the school of medicine,” she told her husband. “Maki said she had her children with her, so she has had at least one more child in addition to her son Mongke. The only reason she enrolled in my school years ago was to find a way to give Bataar a son and she has already accomplished that.”
“Perhaps one of her children is ill,” Dagon suggested.
Electra nodded. “Yes, I suppose that is possible.” She looked back at Gregor and Soren, checking to see that they were not lagging behind. “You do not suppose the real mission is to try to kill Serafina or her daughters, do you?”
Dagon slowed his horse’s gait to stay next to Electra. “I do not think so, though the thought crossed my mind. The Great Khan is too involved with China just now to give Henge a thought. And if Bataar has come to kill someone, I doubt he would have brought his wife and children along.”
“Yes, I am sure you are right.” She shrugged. “Odval is so superstitious. She likely thinks someone is trying to put a curse on her or her children or some such nonsense.”
Dagon looked at his wife. “What would you have me do with the Sandovian girls? What are their names? I have forgotten.”
“Katrina and Hedvig,” Electra shook her head sadly. “I had hoped we could do as you told their fathers – allow them to stay or return to Sandovia as they chose. But if they are not searching for their fathers, if they are actually searching for a niter mine that does not exist, I suppose we will have to send them back to Sandovia.”

Electra and her family reached Helsop late that afternoon, tired after their long trek over the mountains that separated Henge from Helsop.
Deimos, the acting headman, was at the castle drawbridge waiting for them.
“You spoke to Maki the Scout?” he asked Dagon.
Dagon nodded. “Yes, we got your message. I sent him and Dag on to Henge to warn Prince Blackwell. Where will I find Bataar?” 
“I put Bataar and his family in your old cottage as he did not want to stay in the castle. But I put your brother-in-law, Prince Avor, in the castle. I hope that was all right.”
“Prince Avor is here?” Dagon asked with enough surprise in his voice to draw Electra’s attention.
“My brother is here?” Electra was as surprised as her husband.
Deimos nodded. “Yes, he rode up with Bataar and his family.”
Electra looked at Dagon. “I do not know whom I should welcome first – my brother or Odval.”
Dagon shrugged. “You may as well find out first why Odval is here. I can go and welcome Avor.”
“Is Magsa with Odval?” Electra asked hopefully. She did not want to depend on Bataar to translate his wife’s words, even though Magsa’s English skills were often unreliable.
“Yes,” Deimos said, “Magsa, her servant, is with her as well as her son and her daughter,”
Electra pursed her lips on hearing this. Odval’s second child had been a daughter. She was quite certain Odval would have preferred a second son to a daughter.
Electra turned to Gregor and Soren. “Go on to the castle with your father and say hello to your Uncle Avor. Tell him I will be there as soon as I have welcomed Odval and her family to Helsop.”

Electra found Odval and Magsa at Dagon’s old cottage. She would not have recognized Mongke who now looked to be about ten years old. He was holding a small doll just out of his sister’s reach. The little girl appeared to be about five years old and was shouting angry words in the Barburee tongue.
Odval sat by the fireplace sewing beads on a child’s vest. She seemed impervious to her children’s argument. Magsa, cooking over the fire, looked up when Electra came through the door.
“Magsa, welcome to Helsop. It is so good to see you all again.” She pointed towards the little girl. “Is this Odval’s daughter?”
“Yes,” Magsa said. “Is Chimeg.”
“Chimeg, what a lovely name for a beautiful little girl. Give Odval my congratulations. And Mongke has grown into such a handsome child.”
Magsa smiled. “Young warrior. Will be Khan someday.”
Odval was a small but beautiful woman with long dark hair shaped into wings above her head. She wore the traditional Barburee lambskin coat called a deel over an ornate red silk shift. Odval set down her beadwork and looked at Electra as she pointed at her children and spoke at length in her own language.
“What did she say?” Electra asked Magsa.
“She say, is your fault. You give girl only charm while Bataar in yurt and she must put on – then have girl. No more girl child. Bataar take new wife South China.”
Electra wasn’t sure exactly what Magsa was telling her, but the thought of a new wife for Bataar brought back an old memory for Electra. When Odval thought Bataar was going to take Electra as his second wife, she had given Electra a present. A present meant to poison Electra slowly. If Serafina had not discovered the poison in time, Electra would have died.

Chapter 14

Village of Helsop

Electra sat in her husband’s old cottage listening to Bataar’s wife, Odval, carry on some sort of tirade in her own language, blaming Electra no doubt, for who knew what. She decided not to comment on whatever it was Odval felt was her fault. Best to stay with her strengths—her main strength being her medical knowledge.
“Magsa, ask Odval, is everyone in her family in good health?” 
“Yes,” Magsa said after translating her question. “Odval say she needs two charms. One – no more girls. Two – Bataar not like new wife. You will do this for friend Odval.”
Electra sighed. She could never make Odval believe she was not a sorceress and did not even believe in the power of charms and hexes. In Odval’s mind, Electra was a sorceress and could make such charms if she could be persuaded to do so. Odval believed this because Electra had somehow survived death by poison.
“Would you all like to come to the castle for lunch?” Electra asked.
Magsa translated the question, then nodded at Odval’s reply. “Odval says she will no eat but you promise to make charms. She maybe die from no eat.”
Electra sighed. “Tell her I will make the charms. Where is her husband, Bataar?”
“Bataar hunt, maybe,” Magsa said with a shrug.
Electra turned to leave and almost bumped into Mongke who continued to dance around his sister, holding the doll out of reach. Plucking the doll from his raised hand, Electra returned it to Chimeg. Chimeg clutched the doll to her chest, while Mongke glared at Electra. It seemed this family excelled at provoking anger.

Electra found her brother in the kitchen of the castle, talking to Dagon over cups of ale.
“Did you find Odval?” Dagon asked.
“Yes, as usual, she wants me to use my sorcery skills to make charms for her.”
“She thinks you have sorcery skills?” Avor asked, smiling.
“She is sure of it,” Electra said. “She tried to poison me and I did not die.”
“Truly?” Avor asked.
“Yes, remember when Bataar did me the honor of asking me to be his second wife?”
Both men nodded, while suppressing grins. They seemed to find the memory vaguely amusing.
“Those crystal doves she gave me as a sister-wife gift were toxic.”
Avor’s expression turned serious. “How did you find this out?” he asked.
“I did not. Serafina did,” Electra said.
“Bataar did not know, did he?” Avor asked.
Electra shook her head. “No. And please do not tell him. At least this time she only wants a charm that will make Bataar disinterested in his new wife.”
“What new wife?” Avor asked.
Electra stared at her brother. “Bataar did not tell you? He is to take a second wife from southern China according to Odval.”
Avor let out a slow breath. “He did not mention it – not that he would. These things are usually arranged for political reasons.”
“Odval wants to ensure that nothing comes of such a union, and barring that, if a child is conceived, she wants to make sure it is a girl child,” Electra claimed.
Avor did not seem surprised. “The Barburians tend to be a superstitious people.”
“I have noticed,” Electra said, still upset and a little angry from her short visit with Odval. “And so has Esme. She believes Bataar wants to kill her.”
Avor closed his eyes briefly, then looked up to face his sister. “I fear she has read him correctly. It is not personal, of course. He barely knows Esme. But he believes all sorcerers should be killed and assumes Esme will grow up to be one like her mother.”
“And yet you continue to claim him as a friend.” Electra’s tone reeked of disgust.
Avor shrugged. “Bataar has saved my life many times while I fought beside him as a soldier. He is a friend. And as far as Serafina is concerned, I agree with him. You know yourself, whether you admit it or not, that she tried to kill me when first we met.”
Electra’s righteous anger melted away. She was quiet for a moment, remembering. “Yes, I believe she did try to kill you. You have reason to hate her.” Electra’s face became a plea. “But surely you love your cousin, Esme?”
“I do not know Esme well, but I have taken measures to protect her for Mother’s sake. As you well know, Mother is quite attached to the twins.”
“What measures have you taken?” Electra asked. “I was told Bataar is off hunting. Would it be Esme he is hunting?” She was relieved to know Esme was on her way to Africa aboard the Kingdom of Henge.
“I saw him go with his men in the direction of the forest. I do not believe he has come to kill Esme. He seems to be here for his wife’s sake. Perhaps he is worried about what effect this new Chinese wife will have on his family.”
“He would do well to worry,” Electra said. “If he shows any interest in this new wife, he may soon find her dead.”
Avor shook his head slowly. “It is true. In Barburee, killing someone is never far from anyone’s mind. It is perhaps the reason they have conquered the world.”
Electra felt a shiver run through her body at the accuracy of her brother’s words.

Dag and Maki the Scout rode up to the gate of Henge’s castle.
“We need to speak to Prince Blackwell,” Maki told the guard at the gate as they dismounted.  “We have a message from Headman Dagon.”
The guard walked with them to a second guard, then returned to his post at the gate.
“We need to speak to Prince Blackwell,” Maki repeated to the second guard, “to deliver a message from Headman Dagon.”
“You may deliver your message to Sergeant Smythe,” the second guard said.
“No, it must be given to Prince Blackwell in person,” Maki insisted.
The guard recognized Dag from his stay at the barracks. “All right. You may wait in the officers’ mess. I will notify him of your presence.”
Dag led Maki to the officers’ mess, where they waited. “Too bad we missed supper,” Dag said. “They eat well here.”
A few minutes later, Prince Blackwell walked into the large room and, when they began to stand up, motioned them to stay seated. “You have news from Dagon?” he asked, sitting across the table.
“Two messages,” Maki said. “The first is that Bataar has arrived with his wife, his children, a few of his men and Prince Avor of Fernland.”
“How many men?” Blackwell asked.
“Eight,” Maki said.
“And the second message?”
“Two students from Sandovia have gone missing from the school of medicine. Headman Dagon has ordered us to find them and bring them back. Should we track them past Helsop’s borders, we ask your permission to search for them within your territory.”
“How long have they been gone?”
“They were found missing this morning at breakfast. We rode hard to arrive here as soon as possible.”
“I appreciate that,” Blackwell said. He turned to look at Dag. “You were just here for the twins’ birthday celebration.”
Dag nodded. “Headman Dagon is my uncle.” He decided not to presume to say that Esme was his friend.
Blackwell stood up. “Yes, you have my permission. I will notify my border guards as well. If we find them first, they will be returned to Helsop. What are their names?”
“Katrina and Hedvig,” Maki said, with a salute. “We will begin at once.”
As they left the barracks, Maki said, “let us circle north. They likely started toward Henge after finding their fathers had abandoned their tent at Cold Lake.”

Chapter 15

The Forests of Henge

As Dag and Maki the Scout rode north into Henge’s mountains, stars appeared in the darkened sky. A forest of fir and pine surrounded them. Dag wished they had Esme’s new south-finder with them. But he knew if they kept the North Star in sight, they would not go wrong.
“Go slow now,” Maki cautioned. “We do not want any accidents. Search for signs of smoke – our students may stop to make a campfire.”
As the deer trail they were following grew less distinct, they dismounted and led their horses through the forest.
“Wolf tracks,” Maki called out. “We will stop and make torches in case they attack.”
Dag looked around, straining to see the glint of any eyes that might be following their progress through the trees. He knew they would attack the horses first. If it was Esme’s pack, they would not attack. Esme’s Wolf knew Dag. Even the new wolf pups were familiar with his smell. He had met them a few months ago when Esme had been looking for a wolf killer.
Now, of course, he and Maki might become wolf killers out of necessity.
Maki quickly bundled enough stakes to form torches and Dag rushed to whittle enough thin wood chips and dry grass to start a fire with a spark from his flint stone.
With lit torches in hand, Maki ordered, “We will keep moving. This trail is taking us north. When we find a branch of the trail leading east, we will follow it. The girls could not have gotten too far from Helsop yet. They are on foot. No horses were missing from the stable. I checked myself.”
“The wolf tracks we see could be Esme’s pack,” Dag said. “If they approach us, it would be from friendship as they are familiar with my scent.”
“We will know from their posture if they come in friendship.” Maki held his torch aloft so Dag could see his face. “There will be no doubt.”
Dag let out a breath at Maki’s reassuring words. “I do not think they would attack the Sandovian students, either,” he said. “They do not see people as prey.”
“All the same, I do not fancy leaving the girls to spend the night alone in the forest. We will search through the night.”
Dag felt the same way. From what Esme had told him of the Sandovian students, he did not consider them to be very bright. They continued to ask questions about possible mines and saw the forest as a dangerous place. He imagined they were quite frightened by now, both for their fathers and for themselves.
Maki and Dag trudged on through the dark forest which thinned as they climbed higher through mountain passes. They held their torches high to light the way along rock outcrops and gushing streams.
When their torches began to burn low, Maki plunged his into the cold water of a narrow cataract.
“Extinguish your torch,” Maki ordered. “I want to smell the air for smoke.”
Dag held his torch under the falling water until no spark remained. They stood for a moment until the smoke from their own torches had cleared. Then Maki closed his eyes and lifted his nose high to breathe in the air around him.
Dag was so intent on watching Maki, he almost jumped out of his skin at the soft touch of a nose against his hand. He looked down to see Esme’s Wolf nudging his hand, no doubt looking for a welcoming ruffle of his fur.
Dag knelt down to hug the wolf. He wished he had Fang with him as he knew Esme’s Wolf loved his dog. But this had been an official militia assignment. Not a time for bringing pets.
“What have we here?” Maki asked. “You know this wolf?”
“This is Esme’s wolf – the one Electra nursed back to health in the castle kitchen,” Dag said.
“Too bad Esme is not with us. I understand she speaks to animals. This wolf could likely find our missing girls easily.”
Dag wondered if wolves could read minds. It seemed likely since they hunted in packs and would benefit with some means of communication. He cleared his mind to think only about the two missing girls, lost somewhere in the forest, and watched the wolf for any signs of understanding. But the wolf only continued to nudge his hand as more of the pack moved in with wagging tails and lolling tongues.

Maki and Dag plodded on through the night and for a few hours the wolf pack walked with them. Then Esme’s Wolf veered off to the west, sniffing the air as though smelling prey. The rest of the pack followed.
Dag was so tired he feared he might suddenly drop to his feet, fast asleep. He leaned against his horse, closing his eyes, still moving along the trail behind Maki’s horse.
“Smoke,” Maki called out.
Dag was instantly wide-awake. He could smell it too.
“We will stay on the deer trail as long as the scent grows stronger. If we start to lose it, we will have to veer off into the rocks.”
Luckily, the smell of smoke stayed strong on a breeze from the east. Before long, they could see the red glow of the campfire.

The two girls were asleep, huddled together for warmth, close to the burned-out coals of a campfire. They did not wake up until Maki stepped close and nudged Katrina with the toe of his boot.
Her eyes opened slowly and she startled fearfully as she saw two men standing beside her. Then her gaze rested on Dag. “I recognize you. You are from Helsop.” She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and drew her cloak closer around her. “Our fathers have gone missing. Have you seen them?”
“I saw them getting on a boat bound for Sandovia,” Dag said. “They were caught trespassing in Henge.”
Katrina sat up while Hedvig slowly came to wakefulness.
“Did you not explain who they were?” Katrina asked in an accusing tone. “How could you allow such a thing to happen?” 
Dag shook his head. “It was not as you suppose. Dagon argued in their favor to have them released from Henge’s dungeon. Sending them back to Sandovia was the condition demanded for their release from the dungeon. Our headman saved them from a worse punishment.”
“What monsters these Henge rulers be,” Katrina lamented.
“As long as you are within Henge’s borders, I fear you will be given the same two choices,” Maki said. “The dungeon or banishment. It would be wise to return to Helsop before you are discovered by scouts from Henge.”
Katrina looked at Hedvig, who covered a great yawn with her hand.
“Do you have anything to eat?” Hedvig asked.
Maki looked at the girls with disbelief written in his expression. “I am not sure you fully realize the serious nature of your situation. It is believed that your fathers were searching for a mine that could win them a sizable reward from King Gundar. Such a quest would normally be grounds for execution or a very long stay in the dungeon.” He pointed a finger at the two girls. “Your own presence here would no doubt be seen in the same way. We have some dried jerky with us, but I think it behooves you to eat as we ride east, back to Helsop, before your presence is discovered here. Would you not agree?”
The two girls exchanged a guilty glance before kicking dirt on their smoldering fire and gathering up their few personal items.

Chapter 16

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Shalin and Esme had been several days at sea, looking for an opportunity to question Alekos, the new crew member, about his brother. They managed to catch Alekos in the galley at the end of his watch. He had finished his meal and was savoring a relaxing cup of herbal tea.
“Good morning,” both girls said, smiling.
He cast a wary eye at the twins as they sat down beside him. They knew he did not want to answer any more questions about his brother, Cosmos, but they hoped they could find out more by turning his thoughts towards Eko.
“We were just discussing the port at Eko,” Shalin told him. “I thought I might ask around Eko’s marketplace about ancient cities. I am very interested in ancient cities that relied on astrologers for advice.”
Alekos seemed surprised. With one lifted eyebrow, he asked, “Why is that?”
Shalin took out her ring from where it hung on a string beneath her tunic. “This is an ancient astrologer’s ring. I want to know more about its origins.”
Alekos studied the ring with interest. “It looks very valuable. Is it real gold?”
“Yes,” Shalin said, lifting the string over her head. “And those small blue stones are sapphires.” She handed the ring to Alekos.
“It looks very old,” he said. “What do you know so far of its origins?”
“It may be more than three thousand years old. It belonged to an astrologer. The sapphires represent the Pleiades constellation.”
“You are very young to have such a valuable ring,” Alekos observed, returning the ring to her.
“Yes,” it is a great responsibility.” Shalin returned her treasure to its place beneath her tunic. “The ring may have magic powers. It may lead its bearer to a place it seeks to go.”
Alekos smiled, and then the smile vanished as his thoughts turned to his brother. Was the map leading his brother, Cosmos, to a place he should not go? Was he being lured to his death with the promise of gold?
“Why would you think such a thing?” Alekos asked.
“The ring has traveled the world. I have it from my cousin. It took her to Asia. Before she had it, it was found in a lake far to the north. Now it is taking me to Africa.” Shalin shrugged.
“A case could be made that it is you who are taking the ring to Africa and not vice versa,” Alekos said. 
Esme smiled. “It could be your brother is calling you to Eko, not you going to see your brother in Eko,” she said.
The tea cup in Alekos’ hand shook a bit as he put it to his lips. “We may not find him in Eko. He mentioned in a letter that he might be taking a journey north to just such an ancient city as you seek, Shalin.”
Shalin leaned in closer. “Did he mention the name of the city?” she asked.
With some reluctance, Alekos nodded. “Wagadu. Have you heard of it?”
Shalin shook her head. “No, but I would love to go there. What do you know of it?”
“According to my brother it was once a city famed for its gold production. But the great Sahara Desert spread out and swallowed it. Now it is buried under the Sahara sands.”
“Wagadu,” Shalin pronounced the name slowly, with veneration. “How will he find it?”
Alekos looked into his teacup, thinking he had already said too much. Esme and Shalin stared at him with innocent expressions, all the while putting thoughts of encouragement into his mind. “He won a map in a game of dice,” Alekos disclosed.
“A map,” Esme repeated, her voice ablaze with excitement. “Of course he would have to see where it leads, would he not?”
Alekos shrugged. “I suppose. But I have not heard from him since.”
“You are worried for his safety,” Shalin suggested.
“Yes, I suppose I am.” Alekos drained his teacup. “But it is my worry, not yours,” he added in a tone that signaled the end of the discussion.
Alekos stood up and stretched. “I am off to get some sleep before my next shift. Good night to you both.”

Shalin and Esme stayed at the table, exchanging thoughts and words rapidly.
“Did you see his thought of the snake made of gold?” Shalin asked.
Esme moved closer and lowered her voice. “Yes, his brother is sure it is still there in the buried city. Likely more than one. His brother told him it was an idol they worshiped in ancient times.”
“His brother must have won more than a map.” Shalin paused as she considered what they knew so far. “How would he know about a golden snake idol?”
“Alekos told us more than he planned to tell anyone,” Esme concluded. “He likely thinks we are harmless.”
Shalin looked offended. “We are harmless! But I would like to try to find a way to follow him to this lost city.”
Esme frowned. “What do you want with a gold snake?”
Shalin shook her head. “I do not want a gold snake. I want to see what is left of the city. Perhaps there is evidence of the study of astrology. Perhaps my ring’s gold came from there.”
“You propose to dig up a city buried under the sands of a great desert?” Esme asked.
Shalin shrugged. “I propose to follow where my ring leads me.”
Esme scrunched up her face in an expression of distaste. “Alekos is right, you know. It is you taking the ring on adventures, not vice versa.”
Shalin smiled an enigmatic smile. “Perhaps.”

Serafina stepped into the galley. “There you are. Come along, both of you. It is a clear night and the stars are bright in the sky. Bring your astrolabe and your south-finder.”
Esme tried to think of a reason to avoid this invitation which smacked of tedious facts, but could not come up with a good excuse.
Both girls joined Serafina a few moments later on deck. The stars blazed with a bright frenetic energy in a black sky. The moon had not yet risen above the horizon.
Serafina turned slowly in a full circle, her face tilted up to view the sky.
“When will the Pleiades come back into view?” Shalin asked.
“Another two months from now.” Serafina continued to search the sky. “It is a new moon tonight. The sky will remain very dark.”
Shalin turned toward the stern of the boat. “I see the North Star.”
“And my south-finder is pointing toward the ship’s bow. It even works at sea,” Esme said.
Serafina looked down at Esme’s birthday gift. “Yes, perhaps one day we shall discover the reason it never fails to find south.” She sat down on the deck and leaned back on her elbows.
Esme and Shalin sat beside her, their arms wrapped around their knees as they gazed skyward.
“Before people lived in houses, they often lived in caves.” Serafina looked up at the heavens as she spoke. “But they also traveled, following prey or just exploring. They had little to see at night except the stars.
“They began to notice certain constellations. They saw them as outlines, pictures in the sky. The pictures moved across the sky with some regularity. The appearance of the Pleiades signaled the end of the warm weather. Winter would soon come bringing cold weather and dangerous seas. The constellations served as timepieces and predictors of events.” Serafina held Shalin’s astrolabe up to align the star chart with the stars above them.
“The moon in its various phases predicted the height of tides. Perhaps the phases of the moon controlled the tides. The moon was thought to have this power. Perhaps the moon also had power over the events of men. Perhaps it was a thing to be worshiped and appeased. Moon and sun worship seemed a good hedge against misfortune.”
“Do people still worship the sun and moon and stars?” Shalin asked.
“Perhaps some do,” Serafina speculated, “but more people now study them – the movements of the constellations, the rising and setting of the sun and moon. And they record them, noting down their observations just as we will do this very night, using the astrolabe. As we learn more, we adjust our views accordingly.”

Chapter 17

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

After more days and nights at sea, Shalin and Esme awoke in their shared cabin to find the normal creak and heave of their ship absent.
“Perhaps we are at anchor?” Esme guessed.
“Let us find out.” Shalin quickly threw a tunic over her nightdress.
Esme found her woolen tunic beside the bed and rushed to join her sister, who already had her shoes on.
They clambered up the steps to the deck but saw only water on every side. Standing near the ship’s bow, their mother was speaking to Phinn. The twins joined them.
“Good morning, sleepy heads.” Phinn smiled at them. “I believe you have missed breakfast.”
“Are we anchored here?” Esme asked.
Phinn shook his head. “Unfortunately, no. We are becalmed for lack of wind. Welcome to the doldrums.”
Esme and Shalin both knew this was one of the reasons their mother had brought them along on this voyage. They had the power to call together errant breezes, guiding them in a single direction to form a wind sufficient to fill a sail.
They both looked at their mother, putting their offer into her mind.
Serafina merely nodded.  It was time.  Their special powers were not only to be allowed—they were to be appreciated and esteemed.
You search east, I will try west. Shalin put the suggestion into Esme’s mind and then turned her own mind to the west, seeking any breath of breeze that might be called into service. She closed her eyes, the better to concentrate.
Nothing. No ripple of air hovered over the ocean to the west. Shalin opened her eyes and checked to see if Esme was having better luck.
Esme’s mind reached out, straining to reach the waves of moisture ascending from the water close to the coast of Africa. The moisture was accumulating into great thunderhead clouds along the coastline. She could call the great clouds to her if she could reach them with her mind.
Shalin cautioned her sister with a warning thought. If you bring the clouds over us, they may come down as rain rather than wind. Perhaps we should ask Mother’s advice.
“You could still get something to eat in the galley,” Phinn told them, completely unaware of the task that had been set before them.
“That is a good idea. Shall we see what is left over in the galley from breakfast?” Shalin touched her sister’s arm, but Esme was still reaching out with her mind to encircle a column of rising moisture.
Esme opened her eyes, clearly irritated with Shalin’s interruption. “You go ahead, I will be along in a bit. I am enjoying the view.”
Shalin thought Esme might have come up with a better excuse, seeing as how there was nothing in view other than ocean water on every side.
“If that thunderhead were to move over our ship, we would likely be in for a heavy downpour.” Shalin hoped her sister would see the danger that she herself, saw.
Phinn laughed. “That’s not likely to happen here in the doldrums.”
Serafina immediately saw the danger Shalin raised. “It was just such an event that almost swamped our ship when your father and I were last here off the coast of Africa. I would not mind a cup of tea. Will you come with us, Esme, to the galley? I have a feeling there will be relief from the calm when the sun sets and the ocean’s warm air rises to usher in cooler air from over the land.”
“Don’t count on it,” Phinn said, his voice solemn. “Captain Hardy says these days of calm often stretch on for long intervals here in the doldrums.”

In the galley, the twins found some bread and cheese to eat while Serafina made tea.
Shalin tore off a hunk of bread while speaking. “There were no breezes to call from the west.”
Esme, still irritated, pushed the loaf of bread away. “I almost had a thundercloud encircled. I could have turned it to form a breeze. Why did you interfere?”
Serafina put three cups on the table. “Reeling in a thundercloud could have been dangerous. Such clouds hold a great deal of moisture. The weight could have brought down a soaking rain without the benefit of wind. Or, worse, too much circular motion could have resulted in hurricane winds.”
“I could have controlled it,” Esme grumbled.
“Better we wait for dusk,” Serafina cautioned. “There is sure to be movement of cooler air moving out to sea after the sun goes down. Those breezes will be gentle and easier to control.”
Esme frowned. “Fine.” She yanked a fist full of bread from the loaf on the table.
“Should we let Uncle Phinn know what we plan to do?” Shalin asked her mother.
“I think not. It is a thing he would have difficulty keeping to himself. We do not want word of such a unique ability to circulate. It could make you a target for kidnappers.”
“Kidnapping again,” Esme mumbled into her bread. Mother is obsessed with kidnapping, she relayed to Shalin, silently.

That evening, Shalin and Esme were at the railing, watching as the sun set over the western horizon. They both turned their attention eastward, reaching out with their minds to sense the beginnings of gentle onshore breezes.
Esme closed her eyes and lifted her face to the sky. “I feel it.”
After a second, Shalin nodded. “Yes, I feel it, too.”
Serafina came up on deck to stand beside her daughters.
The sail that had hung limp from the mast all day began to firm and billow.
“All hands on deck,” Captain Hardy called out. “We have wind from the east.”
The breeze increased in intensity as the twins leaned against the portside rail, eyes closed, minds locked together, calling gentle lifting gusts from the cooling desert together to form a wind.
The ship began to move southwest toward Bat Island, first slowly and then picking up speed to sail along at a good clip.
Shalin and Esme continued to concentrate on filling the sails with wind until dusk gave way to night and Serafina placed a hand gently on each girl’s shoulder.
“You both need to rest. We have moved far enough to catch a breeze now without your aid.”
The twins opened their eyes and looked at the sails, billowed out to follow a southwest tack.
Esme smiled. “Have we earned our keep, then?”
Serafina hugged her daughters. “You are both marvels. We may reach Bat Island by morning.”
Serafina and the twins stopped at the galley for a snack before bed. Alekos was there, having a bite to eat before starting his night watch.
“I thought I would never live to see such a thing,” he was saying to the cook. “The wind was filling the sails without touching the water. There was not a swell to be seen on the ocean’s surface.”
“Imagine that,” the cook murmured, washing up his pots and pans as he closed up the galley for the night. “Such a thing don’t seem possible.”
Shalin and Esme shared a private smile.

Chapter 18

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge Approaching Bat Island

The Kingdom of Henge arrived at Bat Island the day after the surprising winds blew the ship clear of the doldrums. Those aboard ate their lunches on deck, watching as the island grew from a speck on the water to a towering mass of green foliage with one narrow black volcanic rock reaching over 1000 feet into the sky.
“Dress to cover your arms and legs completely,” Serafina told her daughters. “Even though it is hot and humid, you will need protection from branches and insects.”
The twins rushed below to change into proper clothes as the captain called out, “Lay anchor!”

Alekos, Serafina and the twins took the first shore boat. Alekos had been to the island three times previously aboard the Jungle Queen.
As Alekos pulled forcefully on the oars, Esme took out the list of animal observations that Electra had made for her.
Take note of:
1. Family structure
2. Night behavior
3. Migration routes
4. Defense of territory
“Will the bats try to attack us if we go inside their caves?” Esme asked.
Serafina gazed at her new island. “No, they will be asleep during the day.”
“What about at night?” Esme asked.
“At night they leave their caves to hunt for insects.”
Esme made hurried notes on her list. “Do they migrate?” 
“No, they have enough insects here in their rain forest to feed them year-round,” her mother replied.
Esme returned the list to her pocket. “What else lives here?” 
“They do.” Serafina pointed to a beach full of turtles, moving toward the water.
“So many,” Esme’s voice filled with wonder.
Serafina shielded her eyes from the bright sun. “They may have come to lay their eggs.”
As Alekos stepped out into the shallow water and pulled their boat to shore, Shalin could hear the cries of thousands of birds. The island seemed to teem with life. Palm trees and baobab trees lined the beach and large green ferns claimed the narrow spaces between trees. It seemed no animals large enough to make trails through the forest lived there. Moving through the forest without even a deer trail would not be an easy task.
Alekos began pushing the boat back into the water. “I will row back to bring the next group.”
“Tell Lars the Trader to bring whatever knives are available to cut through the foliage,” Serafina called out above the splash of waves. “We will also need lanterns and tents. I plan to stay ashore tonight.”
Shalin wondered if she and Esme were to stay ashore as well. “What happens at night?” she asked her mother.
“It is the best time to inspect the caves. I do not wish to frighten the bats or tempt them to take up new lodging. We can explore their dens best while the bats are out foraging.”

An hour later only Captain Hardy, Phinn and his acting troupe remained aboard the Kingdom of Henge. The seven soldiers from Henge’s army, along with Alekos, Lars and two crewmembers had all joined Serafina and the twins ashore. 
“I want everyone to spread out,” Serafina ordered. “I wish to take note of the many openings from which groupings of bats fly out at sunset. We must each take a lantern and be ready to pinpoint the entrances to their lairs. Tomorrow morning we will cut through the greenery and establish markers at the entrances to their caves.” Serafina looked over her assembled crew of helpers. “Any questions?”
“Are there any dangerous animals here we should be aware of?” one of the crewmembers asked.
Serafina looked to Alekos for an answer to the question.
Alekos shrugged. “There were rumors of a black cobra sighting on my last visit here, but I myself have not seen one. There are no other dangerous animals that our crew on the Jungle Queen came across.”
“Very well,” Serafina said. “You may hack through the foliage to find a place further in from which to view this evening’s bat exodus, then return here where we will have an early dinner and erect our tents.”
The men spread out and began to make their way inland through the ferns and underbrush, no doubt keeping a watchful eye out for black snakes.
Serafina motioned to Esme and Shalin. “The three of us will go to the main cave that I found the last time I was here.”
As Esme trudged through the dense foliage looking for any signs of large animals, the island’s heat and humidity soon had her covered in perspiration and very thirsty. She stepped carefully, not wanting to tread on frogs that seemed to have no fear of people and did nothing to avoid being stepped on.
Green and flowering plants – myriads of orchids and begonias, fungi, moss and the ever-present ferns—covered the forest floor. Creeks and ponds burbled around them and thunderous sounds signaled waterfalls ahead. The chirps and calls of songbirds melded into a wave of sound rolling over them. Overhead she saw fleeting ribbons of color as parrots and sun birds flitted among the branches of tall trees. There seemed little hope of isolating one particular species long enough to study it.
“What is wrong with these frogs?” Shalin asked her sister. “They seem to lack the sense to seek cover.”
“They have had no contact with people,” Esme guessed. “They imagine they have nothing to fear from us.”
“I do not know how much longer I can avoid stepping on them,” Shalin complained. “They are the same color as the moss.”

“Here we are,” Serafina announced, finally. “This is the entrance to one of the lava caves. We will just take a brief look inside to estimate the length of the tunnel. We need not return here tonight.”
Shalin was relieved to hear it. “Should we refrain from speaking inside?” she asked.
Serafina nodded. “If the bats begin to wake up, we will leave.”
They walked quietly into the large tunnel, taking shallow breaths due to the smell. The cave’s ceiling was covered with sleeping bats, grouped tightly together. Hanging upside down with their talons tightly hooked into cracks and crevices, the furry little animals hardly stirred as the three humans moved beneath them.
The tunnel quickly narrowed and Serafina had to stoop to continue. Light from the opening grew dim as they counted their steps. Soon their heads were brushing the flat heads of the sleeping bats above them.
Serafina motioned them to go back and the twins were quick to obey. When they reached the opening, all three took deep, cleansing breaths of air.
“I measured at least 50 feet with my steps,” Serafina said. “We need to take a depth measurement.”
They found a long stick and Serafina marked the depth of the guano. It looked to be about 2 feet deep.
Serafina pursed her lips, considering, as she looked back at the cave. “The working conditions will be difficult.”
Shalin thought that was quite an understatement. Between the heat, the humidity and the overpowering stench of the caves, she could not imagine a worse job.
“Will you leave the soldiers to harvest it?” she asked.
“I will perhaps see what prospects Eko holds first,” Serafina said. “Port cities often are gathering places for those seeking employment.”
I doubt anyone is seeking this type of employment, Shalin thought. She could tell from Esme’s quick nod of agreement that her sister had read her mind.

Chapter 19

Village of Helsop

Villagers in Helsop bustled about, enjoying the crisp autumn afternoons. They knew winter would soon close in and isolate their small village from the rest of the world. They would have to use the remaining days wisely, building up their stores of dried fish and venison.
After a fortnight, Bataar and his family were still guests of Helsop. Electra had acquiesced to Odval’s demand for two charms – one to ensure the birth of a daughter and the second to ensure incompatibility between two people. In this case the two people would be Bataar and his new wife from China.
“What makes Odval so sure you know how to make charms?” Isa asked as she and Electra sorted through a pile of roots and dried flowers.
“She knows I was raised by a sorceress.” Electra smiled. “I actually made her a charm to ensure the birth of a girl years ago, at a time when a new wife from China seemed an imminent possibility. Unfortunately, just as I gave it to her, Bataar arrived unexpectedly and insisted she put it around her neck to show how much she liked what he assumed was a gift from me. She had no choice but to obey.” Electra’s smile grew wider. “A year later, Chimeg was born.”
Isa laughed. “Caught up in her own trap. No wonder she believes so completely. But now that she has her new charm ready for wife number two, why are they still here?”
Electra shrugged. “It makes no sense. Barburee’s war with China is underway. Bataar should be there with his father’s army. If the Chinese wife is to serve any purpose in forming alliances, the wedding should take place without delay.”
“Your brother, Avor, also seems reluctant to leave.” Isa said. “Olaf says Tandor is recruiting men for a buzkashi team for Helsop. Avor has offered to train them.”
Electra looked up with a shocked expression. “Surely you jest?”
Isa shook her head. “No, it is true. No one shows any signs of wishing to leave Helsop. Even the Sandovian students, Katrina and Hedvig, keep putting off a decision as to whether they will return to Sandovia or stay here at the school of medicine.”
Electra sighed. “Remember when no one wished to come here? When we rarely made it through a winter without losing some to starvation?”
Isa nodded. “I will never forget. Those were terrible times, but at least we were spared unwanted visitors.”
Electra stood up. “Perhaps Dagon has heard something. I think I will go to speak to him at militia headquarters. I need to find out if he is aware of this fledgling buzkashi team in Helsop.”
“Buzkashi,” Coco the Parrot called out from his perch at the head of the table.
“That is not a word we want to encourage,” Electra said with a stern look at her parrot.
“Buzkashi,” Coco repeated in a loud, clear voice.

Electra found Dagon talking to his best friend, Deimos, at the militia command center.
“Are you occupied with militia business?” she asked before crossing the threshold.
“No, come in,” Deimos said, standing to offer her the single visitor’s chair. “I was just about to leave.”
Electra sat down in the offered chair. “Perhaps I should tell both of you. Did you know Tandor is recruiting men for a buzkashi team here in Helsop?”
The two men exchanged guilty glances.
“I should see to those horses,” Deimos murmured, crossing out through the open door in two long strides.
Dagon pursed his lips before speaking. “It seems a harmless pastime. It is actually a training exercise disguised as a game. It will keep my men in good shape for a skirmish should we be called upon to fight.”
“Was it your idea?” Electra asked with narrowed eyes.
“I believe it might have been your brother’s idea – perhaps more in the way of a challenge than an idea,” Dagon said.
“My brother is smitten with the game. I find it a dangerous passion.”
Dagon shrugged. “It may be one of those things men and women view differently.”
“Do you plan to be on the team?” Electra asked.
“There are to be trials – I may be too old to compete.”
Electra put her hand to her forehead in mock despair. “Hopefully with age comes the wisdom needed to make good decisions.” She looked intently at her husband. “Why are they all still here?”
“I was just asking Deimos the same question. Odval has the charms she goaded you into making. There was no reason for your brother to come in the first place. It’s as if they all need a place to hide out for a time – from what, I do not know.”
Electra stood up. “Let us go and find Avor. Perhaps he can shed some light on the situation.”

They found Avor with his men, putting on an exhibition of the skills involved in ‘stealing the goat’, a translation of the word buzkashi.
He and his men were on horseback, circling a goat carcass, waiting for a signal flag to drop.
As soon as the man holding the flag dropped his hand, the Barburee men began the stampede to reach the goat carcass.
The horses used their bodies and hooves to fend off other horses in the mad rush. One man swooped down to pick up the carcass only to have it swiped away by another player. Bataar snatched it from the second man and his horse quickly back- stepped to ready for a fast getaway.
At this point Bataar called a halt and invited several of the Helsop onlookers to join in the game.
Tandor, son of Dorian the Sword Maker, swung up into his saddle and trotted his horse to the lineup. A few other Helsop men joined him.
This time as the flag dropped, the free-for-all took on an added ferocity. Tandor had a brief hold on the carcass, only to have it grabbed away by a Barburee player.
Prince Avor seemed on the verge of joining in – he nudged his horse forward, only to be distracted by a shout from Dagon.
“Avor, over here,” Dagon called out.
Avor looked wistfully at the new circle of men forming around the goat carcass, but reined his horse in Dagon’s direction.
Avor dismounted when he reached his sister and Dagon.
He smiled at them both – a thing he rarely did. “It seems Helsop has fallen under buzkashi’s spell,” he stated, with a wave at the circle of men on horseback.
“I suppose it had to happen sooner or later.” Electra’s voice was laced with extreme forbearance. “Is this why you have stayed so long at Helsop? To encourage some competition for Fernland’s buzkashi team?”
Avor continued to smile in the face of his sister’s obvious distaste for his favorite pastime. “No, this is a bonus I was not expecting. I actually only found out today why Bataar has shown no signs of leaving. He plans to go from here to China aboard the King Geoffrey which is scheduled to leave a few days from now.”
Electra and Dagon both gasped.
Electra shook her head in disbelief. “A Barburee soldier aboard a ship? I never thought I would see the day a Barburee soldier would choose to travel by means other than a horse.” 
Avor laughed. “Yes, he has been put in charge of the Navy fleet built at Taz. He will take command of the fleet in China where he will take a Chinese wife to seal an alliance with an important district in southern China.”
“But what of Odval and his children?” Electra asked.
“He believes Odval will not react well to his taking a second wife.”
“He is right about that,” Electra said with an emphatic nod of her head. “But it is a situation he will soon have to confront.”
Avor was quiet for a moment.
“What is it you are not telling us,” Electra demanded.
Her brother had the sensitivity to don a sheepish expression before speaking. “I believe he hopes to leave Odval and his children here in Helsop. At the school of medicine.”
Electra was too shocked and dismayed to speak. 

Chapter 20

Bat Island

When Serafina and the twins arrived back at the beach after exploring one of Bat Island’s caves, all were soaked through with perspiration.  They reeked of bat guano and their faces were speckled with insect bites.
“May we go for a swim in the lagoon?” Esme asked, already peeling off her outer layer of clothes.
Serafina looked out at the blue green water. “Yes, just take care not to go between a whale and her calf.”
Esme’s head whipped around so fast she almost lost her footing. “Whales? Where?”
And then she spotted the head and shoulders of a huge humpback whale as it rose to spout water from its blowhole.
“Oh! Look at it!” She quickly shed clothes on her way to the water’s edge, turning once to shout, “Hurry up, Shalin.”
Shalin was still in place, taking in the grandeur of the beast. Esme’s shout shook her from her trance. She pulled off her shoes and her outer garments before plunging into the warm water behind her sister.

They swam for hours in the beautiful lagoon, taking care not to threaten the young calves by coming too close.
The mother humpbacks made comforting moos and encouraging whoops as they hung motionless but watchful in the water.
The calves kept up a steady stream of squeaks, grunts and snorts as they frolicked around their mothers, turning somersaults and barrel rolls. Esme could feel their joy as her own.
When the twins finally returned to shore at dusk, eager to share their incredible experience, they found their mother gone and Alekos tending a campfire in front of his tent.
“Come and warm up at my campfire,” Alekos said, waving to the girls. “I think your mother left some dry clothes for you inside her tent.”
Shalin and Esme quickly ducked into the tent and donned dry tunics before joining Alekos at his fire.
“Have you seen the whales?” Esme asked, her voice still lifted in excitement.
“I have. I even waded into the lagoon for a better look,” Alekos said.
“Did you ever see a creature so large before?” Shalin asked.
Alekos nodded. “I’ve seen whales a’ plenty on my many sea voyages. Magnificent creatures, they are.”
“Where is everyone else?” Esme asked, looking around at the deserted campsite.
“They are all out tracking down bat caves.” Alekos poked at a piece of burning driftwood with a stick. “Except for Phinn and his bunch. They decided to go back to the ship to escape the mosquitoes.”
“What is that?” Shalin asked, pointing to a rolled up papyrus sheet bulging out of Alekos’ pocket.
“Aah…, nothing.” He pushed the sheet back inside his pocket.
Esme refused to let the matter drop. “It looks like a map. Is that the map to Wagadu?”
Alekos sighed. “It’s not the actual map, but it is a copy my brother sent to me.” He pulled the copy of the map from his pocket and unrolled it. “It shows the direction and a few landmarks, but it does not tell the distances. I have no idea how far he would have to travel to get from Eko to Wagadu.” 
Shalin quickly usurped the map and laid it out on the sand with a pebble to secure each corner.
“Here are the gold mines, some distance from the city. And a river.” She looked up. “Will he go by river, do you suppose?”
“I don’t think so. It flows the wrong direction. He could perhaps return by river.”
“And here is a larger city marked. Timbitu.” She paused, tracing along a line with her finger. “What does this line that goes through Timbitu represent?”
Alekos sat down on the sand beside Shalin. “That is the main caravan route. It goes north from Timbitu and connects with the Silk Road.” 
“Hmmm,” Shalin continued to study the map. “And what do you suppose this symbol means?” She pointed to a small x.
Alekos shrugged. “Perhaps it was where the map was found.”
Esme saw a picture of Wagadu’s black snake god flit through Alekos’ mind. She wondered if he was worried about snakes attacking his brother. Perhaps he was afraid of snakes. Many people were. “Did anyone come across a black snake?” she asked.
Alekos posture stiffened. “What?” 
“You said there might be poisonous black snakes here on Bat Island. I wondered if anyone might have seen one today.”
“Oh, I see. Yes, I mean, no, as far as I’ve heard no one has come across one as yet.” Alekos retrieved his map and rolled it up before stuffing it deep into his pocket.
“You plan to follow Cosmos to Wagadu if you do not find him in Eko, do you not?” Shalin asked.
“Yes, I suppose I will have to,” Alekos acknowledged.
Shalin sighed. “I wish I could go with you.”
Alekos shook his head. “It would be much too dangerous. And your mother would never allow such a thing. I am not anxious to go myself.”
“Will you return to Henge after you find your brother? To work aboard the Kingdom of Henge?”
“I might, eventually. I will likely take any berth offered once I return to Eko.”
Esme flicked a burning ember on its side with her boot as she stared into the fire. “If you find lots of gold treasure in Wagadu you may never have to work again.” 
Alekos laughed. “If I find my brother and escape with my life, I will consider myself fortunate.”
Esme looked off into the forest at the sound of a branch breaking. “Torches coming.” She pointed to a line of bobbing flames coming through the foliage.

Serafina emerged from the forest a few minutes later, leading a line of weary soldiers. She smiled at the twins. “We will likely have years before we deplete this supply of high quality guano. It is a bonanza.”
“Father will be pleased,” Shalin said. “Will we begin at once to harvest it?”
Serafina sat down beside the two girls as the soldiers behind her continued on to the comfort of the lagoon’s waters. “No, we will leave tomorrow for Eko. I would like to hire at least a dozen men who could work the tunnels and oversee shipments to Eko where the guano could be transferred to ships going on to Henge. We could rotate a few soldiers from Henge to keep watch over the workers and protect our claim of ownership.”
Esme was happy and sad at the same time. Happy to be away from the heat and stench of guano, but sad to leave the company of the humpback whales.
Shalin could hardly wait to get to Eko and try to find a way to accompany Alekos on his journey to Wagadu. “It might take a long while to find a dozen men willing to work here in Eko,” she said to her mother, hoping that would be the case.
Serafina paid scant attention to her daughter’s warning. “We shall see. Now I believe I will take a swim myself before turning in for the night. Who wants to join me?”
Esme was quick to accept. “I do.” 
Shalin stretched and yawned. “I think I will get out my astrolabe and make a few notes before I go to bed. The stars are bright here and I want to check on the movement of some of the colored stars.”
Esme chattered on excitedly as she and her mother headed for the water. “They talk to one another, the calves and the mother whales do. Wait till you hear how well the sound travels in the water.”


Chapter 21

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge

Three days’ sail out from Bat Island on their way to Eko, Esme and Shalin sat together on the lower bunk in their cabin and compared notes on their experiences at the island.
“I have little to record,” Shalin said. “It did not appear the island had ever been inhabited, though there are certainly enough fish and fruits to sustain human life.”
Esme held a quill in her hand, tapping the feathered end against her cheek. “The soldiers found a total of eight caves densely populated by various sorts of bats.” She penned the words on her blank ledger as she spoke. “The bats appeared healthy and well nourished.” She looked up at Shalin. “I wonder why they fly so erratically.”
Shalin shrugged. “Perhaps because they have fur instead of feathers?”
Esme dipped her quill into the bottle of ink at her feet. “A type of whale with a large hump at the base of its head inhabits the waters around the island. Several of these whales had just given birth.” Esme looked up from her ledger. “I never imagined anything so huge existed in our world; did you?”
“They were truly incredible creatures,” Shalin agreed.
Esme continued thinking aloud as she wrote in her ledger. “I do not think they stay there year round. Mother said they were not present when she visited a few months ago. I should like to follow them and map their migration routes.”
Shalin nodded. “I am sure you will have many chances to return to the island. It should take years to mine all the bat guano in the caves.”
“Ummm,” Esme murmured elusively as she sketched a humpback whale with her quill.
For all her enthusiasm over the whales, Shalin knew her sister was in no hurry to revisit the hot, humid, insect-infested island they had just left. She decided to change the subject. “Alekos said we will likely reach Eko today.”
“Yes.” Esme appeared more enthusiastic now. “We should go up on deck. We may be able to make out the coastline of Africa.”
Esme tossed her quill aside as Shalin jumped to her feet.

The twins found their Uncle Phinn holding his son, Drake, up on the ship’s rail, pointing to the land mass off to the east.
“We’ll have more time to explore here,” Phinn said to Drake. “Perhaps we will find a toy for you in the marketplace.”
“Will we put on a performance here?” Shalin asked her uncle as she joined him at the rail.
“Shalin, good to see you up top.” Phinn pulled Drake down to stand beside his cousin at the rail. “And Esme. I was just telling Drake this should be a more engaging place then Bat Island. I hear they have very exotic things for sale in their marketplace. As to your question – I don’t know yet. We need to find out a bit more about the people who live here and what sort of entertainment they enjoy. We would not want to be thrown in prison as sorcerers should they believe our magic real.”
“Have you heard that they imprison sorcerers here?” Esme asked with a tinge of unease.
“No, I was joking – more or less. I really know very little about the citizens of Eko.”
“Alekos might know something,” Shalin said. “He was here for a while with his former ship, the Jungle Queen.”
Phinn took Drake’s hand in his. “Good idea. Let’s go ask Alekos what they do for fun in Eko.”
“They play dice,” Drake said.
Phinn looked at Drake with a curious expression. “How do you know that?”
“That is how his brother won his map.”
“Alekos told you this?” Phinn asked.
Drake looked down at his feet. “I might have overheard it.” 
Shalin and Esme stared at Drake with narrowed eyes. They easily read his mind. He had been listening at the door when Esme and Shalin had questioned Alekos.
Phinn and the children headed for the ship’s bow where Alekos leaned back precariously, letting out a sail. Phinn shouted into the breeze, “Alekos, will we reach Eko today?”
Alekos waved at them and looked over his shoulder at the approaching coast line. “We should be there by dusk if the wind holds,” he said, as the four approached.
“Did you find it an interesting place when last you visited?” Phinn asked. “We were just discussing what sort of performance might appeal to the residents there.”
Alekos tied off the rope and stood up, brushing his brown hair back. “That might be a difficult question to answer. I spent a little time in the marketplace so I know the traders come from many different kingdoms. It would be difficult to find a common thread. Perhaps they all like to travel?”
Phinn laughed. “Even that might be too much to assume. How many are fortunate enough to enjoy what they must do to earn their livelihood?”
Alekos laughed as well. “Perhaps only you and I?”
Esme spoke up. “Possibly they all enjoy games of chance – all of them being adventurous types.”
Alekos thought for a moment. “Yes, I think you might be right about that. Perhaps a play about placing wagers would hold their interest.”
Phinn tilted his head as he studied Alekos. “Have you ever thought about doing a bit of acting yourself? If we decide to put on a play in Eko, we could perhaps find a part for you. If nothing else, you could play the part of a seaman.”
Alekos blushed a bit at the thought. “You are very kind to make the offer,” he said. “But I may be busy with, ah…, other things while we are in Eko.”

By dusk, everyone on board was standing at the rails, looking out at the port of Eko. They sailed through marshlands to an inner harbor protected from storms by small islands of jungle growth. The heat, humidity and scores of insects were there to greet them.
Serafina waved the twins to join her where she stood at the rail beside Lars the Trader. “We will take the first shore boat,” she informed them. “I wish to inquire about possible laborers before everyone leaves the marketplace for the day.  Lars will come along to translate for us.”
Dusk had turned to night by the time they reached the marketplace.
Most of the tables and stalls in the marketplace were already empty. A few merchants were still packing up their wares.
Shalin and Esme watched as their mother focused on a trader who wore a blue veil covering the lower half of his face. The exposed upper half of his face showed weathered brown skin and sharp, calculating black eyes.
“There is one of the traders who buys books, but sells only blank scrolls,” she told Lars. “Can you speak his language?”
“Yes, he is a Tara trader,” Lars said. “I can tell by his blue clothing. The Tara are a nomadic desert tribe. They are very shrewd traders and very knowledgeable about traveling in the desert. What would you like me to ask him?”
“Ask him if he knows of any men here looking for work,” Serafina said.
Lars nodded and stepped forward to address the man in his own tongue.
As they watched, the twins caught an expression of distaste flicker over Lars’ face. He nodded at the man and pointed in the direction of Serafina and the twins. When he returned, Serafina waited, but he said nothing.
“Did you ask if he knew of men seeking work?” she finally inquired.
Lars frowned and looked away. “Yes.” 
“And?” Serafina pressed.
Lars spoke without meeting Serafina’s eyes. “He says he has slaves for sale.”

Chapter 22

Port of Eko

Slaves.
No one spoke for a moment as Serafina considered her options.
“I do not approve of slavery,” Serafina said, “people will rebel if forced into work against their will. But there may be opportunity here, depending on the price.”
Lars seemed surprised that Serafina would consider buying slaves.
Shalin could not keep from reading Lars’ mind, so deep and apparent were his thoughts on slavery. He had been a slave under the Vagans for a time and his hatred was very personal.
“If the price were reasonable, I could contract with each slave individually to allow him to work off the price I pay and earn back his freedom,” Serafina continued.
Shalin watched as Lars regarded Serafina with scornful eyes. His views on the subject were easy to read. A slave should not have to buy back his freedom. Not if he was taken and enslaved against his will. “I am sure there would be many who would welcome the opportunity to do so.” Lars spoke in a stilted voice. “But they are not here to ask. They are in Timbitu, which is a long trek from here along a caravan route.”
“Ask the Tara man the price,” Serafina said, then paused to think. “Ask him also, if anyone along the caravan route is buying books for a library.”
Lars turned to where the blue-veiled trader waited. They spoke for a few moments in the Tara tongue before Lars returned.
“He asks a steep price in his own coinage. It would amount to about seven years’ work per slave at the usual wage for laborers. He offers a discount if you buy more than ten.” Lars turned aside and spit on the ground, as if the words caused distaste in his mouth.
“And the library?” Serafina waited.
“He says you will have no difficulty selling books in Timbitu,” Lars said. “He would not say anything more on the subject.”
Serafina nodded and looked at the blue-veiled man before replying. “Do you believe him trustworthy? Perhaps he has no slaves to sell and plans to take us as slaves if we agree to go to Timbitu.”
Lars glanced at the Tara trader before replying. “I believe he has slaves to sell. The Tara are known for it. As to whether he is trustworthy, that is a thing I do not know.”
Serafina clasped her hands together, momentarily resting her chin on her folded fingers before speaking. “Tell him we will let him know tomorrow morning. And ask him if he will be leaving soon with a caravan.”
Lars returned a few minutes later. “He says his caravan is very small. Only nine people, but they will join a larger group at Kumbi. They will leave in two days to return to Timbitu. He will need to hire more donkeys and buy more supplies if you decide to go, so you must tell him by tomorrow morning.”
Serafina nodded. “Yes, tell him I will meet him here tomorrow morning,” She looked at Esme and Shalin who had been quiet through the negotiations. “Would you both like to join a caravan to Timbitu?”
Esme answered first. “I would, if we might see some large animals on the way.”
“Will the caravan route take us anywhere near the ancient city of Wagadu?” Shalin asked.
Lars nodded. “Yes to both,” he said, looking first at Esme. “We will go through jungle and cross many river tributaries before we reach the grasslands. There will be elephants, giraffes, hippos, rhinos, lions – many large animals.”
He turned to Shalin. “Once we near the desert, we will travel close to the ancient gold fields and the cities that bordered them.”
“You say ‘we’. Do you plan to go with us?” Serafina asked, looking at Lars.
“Of course, I am still a trader when the opportunity presents itself, though I have brought along little to trade on this trip. But I do have some small items – jewelry, knives, needles and thread – enough to fill two saddlebags.”
“We would appreciate your help with translating foreign languages,” Serafina said. “I plan to take our seven soldiers as well. If we return with slaves, we will need an escort.”
“Then you have already made your decision?” Lars asked.
“No, I wish to speak to Sergeant Weaver first to be sure he is in agreement. I will also need to speak to Captain Hardy. But I do believe this is our best chance for a workforce that will not tie up a good number of Prince Blackwell’s soldiers.”
Lars nodded. “The working conditions on Bat Island are very demanding.” He did not speak the thought that Shalin saw clearly in his mind. A man would have to be insane to take a job mining the bat guano on that island.

It was dark by the time the twins returned to the ship. They lost no time in finding Alekos and telling him all that had happened that evening.
“The caravan is going close to where Wagadu once stood,” Shalin told him. “You must find the blue-veiled man and reserve your place on it by tomorrow morning if you want to find your brother.”
Alekos held up his hand in a stop gesture. “I have not been ashore yet to look for him. He may still be here in Eko.”
“Then we must go ashore tonight and find out,” Shalin insisted.
“We?” Alekos raised an eyebrow. “I am not taking the two of you ashore at night to look for my brother. And I am not so sure I want to travel with a caravan that deals in slaves. What is to keep them from taking us all as slaves as soon as we leave Eko?”
“Mother is taking our soldiers along to protect us,” Esme said. “You would be safe with us.”
Alekos shook his head as he looked out at the jungle around him. “I had not planned to go ashore and begin looking until tomorrow morning. I need time to ask questions at the marketplace. I need to find out what ships are anchored here.”
“There may not be time for all that,” Shalin argued. “Eko is isolated from land traders. Not many caravans come this far south.”
“And how do you know that?” Alekos asked.
“Lars told us,” Esme said. “He knows everything about trade.”
Alekos took a deep breath. “I suppose I could go to the Tavern tonight.”
“There is a tavern here?” Shalin asked.
“Only one. It is a place frequented by seamen while in port. They sell a native beer there, and allow games of chance.”
“May we come with you?” Esme asked, trying to put a suggestion into his mind that they would be helpful to have along.
Alekos shook his head forcefully. “Absolutely not. Run along, both of you and leave me be to think.”
The twins left but did not go so far that they could not still see Alekos, standing at the ship’s rail looking out at the dark jungle foliage on shore.

Chapter 23

Port of Eko

In the evening, after most had retired to their cabins aboard the Kingdom of Henge, Alekos and Bern met on deck and nodded silently to one another. Alekos had arranged with Bern to make this trip to shore without announcing their intentions to the rest of the crew. With luck, they could be back before anyone noticed they were gone.
 Alekos helped Bern lower the shore boat into the dark flat water of the lagoon. Bern slipped an oar quietly into the still water and pulled one long swath to clear the ship’s hull.
The two men did not want to call attention to their shore excursion. Alekos especially wanted to avoid the overly curious twins, Esme and Shalin. Cute as they were, they could be a nuisance with their endless questions.
Bern rowed silently until they were half way to shore. Both men had been at sea long enough to know how well sound traveled over water at night.
Bern spoke quietly as he rowed. “Is it true what I heard about the Tavern? They have a chimpanzee there that plays dice?”
Alekos smiled. “Most of the sailors think he’s lucky. They give him the dice to roll for them. He seems to love to do it. Likely he loves the attention.”
“That’s a thing I’ve yet to see,” Bern said, picking up the pace of his oar. “And are there women there?”
“Sometimes. The women make the ale locally so it doesn’t taste like ale you may be used to, but it’s not bad. Sometimes the women that make the ale stay around for a while, but not usually at night.”
Bern looked a little disappointed. “This is my first visit to Africa. Likely not my last, though. Looks like Henge will be taking possession of Bat Island so we’ll probably be coming here often.”
“It’s a good crew sailing the Kingdom of Henge,” Alekos said. “Not a bad ship to call home.”
“Yes, I like it well enough,” Bern said. “And Captain Hardy’s a good man.” He caught Alekos’ eye. “You think you’ll be staying on?”
Alekos shrugged. “Kind of depends what I find out tonight. I hope Paddy, the Tavern’s owner, can tell me where my brother Cosmos is likely to be. I don’t see the Jungle Queen anchored out here, so they must have finished the repairs on the ship and moved on. If my brother didn’t leave with the ship, I mean to find him.”
Bern pulled in his oars and allowed the small boat to glide up to a wooden dock under its own momentum. He hoisted himself up onto the dock and found a cleat to tie up to. “Low tide,” Bern noted as he reached a hand down to help Alekos up onto the dock.
They could hear laughter and singing coming from the Tavern further down the docks. Lamplight glowed from the windows of the low wooden structure. It seemed a beacon in the darkness of the surrounding jungle.

Alekos and Bern stepped through the swinging half door of the Tavern. 
Paddy, the Tavern’s proprietor, stopped what he was doing as the two men stepped inside. “As I live and breathe—it looks like the ghost of one Alekos of Manoa, come to haunt us.”
Alekos smiled and waved, turning to take in the whole of the gathered crowd. One man who looked familiar stood up from his gaming table and held up his glass of ale in a salute. “I hope you came with your pockets full, ‘cause we got us a high-stakes game goin’ and Hairy here is rollin’ sevens,” the man shouted
Hairy the Chimp stood up from his place at the table with the dice in his hand and smiled a daunting chimpanzee smile showing a lot of teeth.
Alekos waved and turned a cheerful face to the gathered men. “Good to see you all, mates. This is my friend Bern off the Kingdom of Henge. Just let us grab an ale and catch up with Paddy here, and we’ll be over to join you.”
Paddy pulled his drooping leather apron above his substantial paunch and smiled, revealing a gold incisor. “First one’s on me. The price ‘a news.”
“Actually, I was hoping for news from you, so maybe I should be the one to pay.” Alekos smiled at the friendly bartender.
Paddy stood up straighter behind the bar, then leaned in closer, his smile replaced by a conspiratorial expression. “You come looking for Cosmos, I’d wager. I knew you would, soon as I heard he’d left with a caravan.”
Alekos let out a deep breath. “He’s gone to find Wagadu then?”
“Don’t know the name of the place. All I know’s from Klem, the sailor he won the map from. Klem hung on to that map for years ‘afore he offered it up in a game he thought he’d win but didn’t. Won it himself from another sailor but never had the coin to mount an expedition. Klem’s a gamblin’ man, he is. Money never nests long in that one’s pockets.”
Alekos nodded. “Cosmos would have the money it took to follow the map. He was first mate, you know, and put away a fair bit. My brother’s usually the cautious one. This trip to find a buried city seems a fair distance from his usual wheelhouse.” 
Paddy’s expression showed he agreed with Alekos. “That’s the way it seemed to me. Though I’ve heard enough stories about the ancient gold mines to believe they are real enough.”
Alekos squared his shoulders and took a long drink of his ale. “I suppose I’d best go check on him then. How long ago did he leave?”
Paddy scratched the top of his balding head as he thought. “He took off the day before his ship left port. I can’t remember exactly when that was, but some of the lads over there in the corner might remember. I’d say it’s been a month or more.” Paddy lowered his voice and leaned over the bar. “I can hook you up with a caravan at a discount if yer bent on goin’ after Cosmos. There’s a caravan leavin’ tomorrow and a smaller bunch taggin’ along. Always safer ta’ travel together.” 
“Thanks,” Alekos said. “I’m willing to help with chores to get a good rate.”
Alekos looked over at Bern, thinking he would ask his shipmate if he wanted to join the game of chance. He found Bern licking his lips, already fixated on the raucous group in the corner.
Bern could not pull his eyes from the scene in the corner as he spoke. “That chimp keeps rolling sevens. Is he always so lucky?”
Paddy laughed. “He does seem to have a knack.” The proprietor held up a warning finger. “But don’t let him scam you into giving him a drink of your ale. That chimp is crazy enough as it is.”

Back aboard the Kingdom of Henge, Serafina was finishing up her discussion with Phinn, Sergeant Weaver and Captain Hardy. She turned to Phinn to deliver her decision. “If you and your troupe will be content to stay here in port, I will take Sergeant Weaver and his men along with me to Timbitu. I plan to return with two dozen slaves – men willing to work for seven years on Bat Island, mining guano, in exchange for their freedom. I expect the round-trip journey to take a month or more. We will leave for Bat Island as soon as we return and put the slaves to work.”
Serafina looked at Captain Hardy. “While we are gone, perhaps you would be good enough to ask around about possibilities for shipping our guano from Eko to Henge on commercial vessels.”
“I can certainly do that,” the Captain said. “I will also check on smaller vessels stationed here in Eko that could make regular runs back and forth to Bat Island, taking supplies one way and returning with a cargo of guano.”
Phinn put up a hand to draw the group’s attention. “We may put on a play for the locals while you are away as a gesture of goodwill, if you have no objections.”
“Your choice,” Serafina said, rising from her chair to signal the end of the discussion.
The twins, who had been sitting quietly, hoping not to be left out of plans for the journey, rose to follow their mother from the galley.
Shalin found she had been holding her breath without realizing it. We are heading for Wagadu and other ancient cities. She could hardly contain her excitement.

Chapter 24

Village of Helsop


Electra sat on a wooden bench in Yeshua’s Bower, her Fish Book on her lap as she basked in the sun, savoring the warmth in these autumn days that would soon give way to winter’s snow and ice. She often came here to read and reflect on Yeshua’s teachings. Today she hoped to renew her patience after a particularly trying morning with Odval. Odval’s son Monge was three years older than her eldest son Gregor, and six years older than her younger son, Soren. The boys often played together, and Monge persisted in leading them along paths of mischief and bullying that Electra disapproved of. She was close to forbidding her sons from playing with Monge, as Odval refused to see any problem with her son’s behavior.
A militia man galloping past the school of medicine on his way to the command center interrupted Electra’s thoughts. She wondered what news he was in such a hurry to deliver.
Electra did not have long to wait before she saw the news for herself. A group of men on horseback rode into the village led by Prince Oswald of Sandovia. He stopped when he noticed her sitting amongst the late-blooming crocus.
“Now there is a lovely picture – a princess amid her flowers. I hope you are faring well,” he said.
“Quite well.” Electra stood with her Fish Book in hand. “What brings you to Helsop, Prince Oswald?”
“As usual, I have come on behalf of my father to engage the talents of your gifted Helsop craftsmen.”
Electra tilted her head as she studied the man. “You know they will not agree to make exploding arrows for your father.”
“Perish the thought.” Oswald waved such thoughts away with his hand. “We have enough of those from Prince Blackwell.”
Electra knew it was true that Sandovia bought exploding arrows from Prince Blackwell. She also knew that Prince Blackwell charged Sandovia’s royal family inflated prices for those weapons and that Oswald’s father, King Gundar, had been searching for years for his own less expensive source of the exploding powder. “I believe you will find Dagon in the command center. I am sure he will be happy to speak with you.”
Prince Oswald gave a little bow of his head, another smile, and urged his horse forward with his knees. The others in his group ignored Electra and rode forward with their prince.
Electra walked back to the school of medicine feeling somewhat fortified by her study time in the bower. She opened the door and saw Odval sitting at the dining table alongside Magsa, drinking tea as they worked on a small chainmail vest.
“Will you join us for our class on tinctures?” Electra asked. This was her way of letting them know there was a class scheduled soon and they would have to move so that the students could gather around the table.
Magsa translated the question to Odval. Even though Odval seemed to have been left by her husband here in Helsop for an indefinite time, she had made no attempt to learn English.
“Odval say she will teach you make chainmail – good protection.”
“Perhaps some other time.” Electra suddenly realized the significance of the size of the vest and pointed to the small suit of armor. “Is that for Monge?”
“Yes, he may be go soon, fight in China,” Magsa said, proudly.
Electra was horrified by the thought. Monge was only ten years old. Surely too young to be a soldier.
“Where is Monge?” Electra asked.
Magsa shrugged. “Go hunt, maybe?”
Electra imagined Monge, Gregor and Soren off shooting arrows at one another. “Are Gregor and Soren with him?” she asked.
“No. They train dog.”
Electra sighed with relief. Gregor was attempting to train his young dog, Skadi, to be a tracker like her mother, Fang.
Electra began lining up glass vials at one end of the dining table, hoping that Magsa and Odval would pack up their little metal circles and move on. A few students began drifting in, carrying various herbs that they intended to make into tinctures.
Electra invited the students to take seats around the table and before long, Odval made a disgruntled noise and swept her little metal circles off the table and into a cloth sack. She stood abruptly and walked back toward the dormitory rooms with Magsa trailing behind.

After class, Electra walked back to the castle keep to fix lunch for her family. Gregor and Soren were there with Skadi.
“Did Skadi learn any new tricks today?” Electra asked.
Gregor nodded with an expression of pride. “She learned to sneak.” 
“I am not familiar with that command.” Electra suppressed a smile. 
Gregor caught Skadi’s eye. “Sneak!” he ordered, pointing to the floor.
Skadi quickly flattened herself against the floor of the kitchen and began to pull herself forward on her belly.
“Good dog,” Gregor said, rewarding the dog with a bit of venison.
“Nicely done,” Electra said, proud herself of her son’s accomplishment.
“It is for times when one must sneak up on an enemy,” Gregor said.
Electra wanted to wrap her precious son in her arms but realized this was a time for a dignified response. “Of course. Very useful.”
Gregor beamed and hugged his dog.
Electra began to ladle up bowls of a stew she had put together before leaving that morning. It had been simmering for several hours and smelled strongly of the cinnamon she had added.
They were half through their bowls of stew when Dagon joined them.
“We would have waited had we known you were coming.” She stood to ladle up another bowl of stew. “I thought you might be tied up with Prince Oswald’s visit.”
“I was, and we already ate at the mess tent. He wants us to make metal throwing-balls for Sandovia.”
“You mean the empty balls that you fill with exploding powder? The ones that you make for King Geoffrey?”
“Yes, the very same.” Dagon ran his fingers through his hair as he often did when he was concerned.
“What did you tell him?” Electra asked.
“That he would have to provide his own exploding powder to fill them.”
“And he still wanted to order them?”
“Yes. And I saw no reason to stop him from ordering them. It means work for our craftsmen. But I know your brother will not like it. Nor your father, for that matter.”
Electra nodded. “I see the problem. Perhaps we should pay a visit to Fernland before you agree to the order.”
“It may be too late for that. Dorian has already agreed to make them, and I see his point. It is really no different from taking orders for swords or axes.”
“Except that it was my father who first envisioned the metal throwing balls,” Electra reminded him.
“More precisely, it was the Chinese, but your father may not see it that way.”
“It has been some time since we last traveled to Fernland. Perhaps it is time for a visit?” Electra asked.
Dagon nodded thoughtfully. “You may be right.” He smiled as he sniffed the air and took a seat beside Soren. “That stew smells good. My meal at the mess tent was very small.”
Electra laughed and handed her husband a bowl of stew.

Chapter 25

Port of Eko

Very early on the morning that they were to leave with the Tara traders, Shalin and Esme stood beside Serafina and Lars in Eko’s empty marketplace. Later in the morning the empty square would be full of vendors with their colorful cloth and sweet fruits, but for now only the sound of bird chatter filled the void. Before long they were joined by Sergeant Weaver and his six soldiers, each carrying a heavy cache of weapons and supplies. Lars had his two saddle bags full of trade goods. The twins and their mother each carried a small valise. Alekos arrived last, looking around for the few traders who had agreed to take him as far as the turnoff to the lost city of Wagadu.
They waited an hour before five Tara men appeared, followed by four very dark-skinned slaves weighed down with ivory elephant tusks.
“The Tara man did not mention they had slaves here,” Serafina said.
“Likely didn’t think them worth mentioning,” Lars said in a sullen voice. He gained control of his emotions and added, “They will likely not consider selling the ones they still have need of to carry supplies.”
One of the Tara men looked at them from above the blue veil which covered his lower face. As he spoke, Lars nodded.
“He says our boats are ready. The entire delta is covered with flood waters. We must pass over the many tails of the Eger River before we come to our first village, Elmina.”
Serafina picked up her valise. “Then we had best get started.”
“What tails does he speak of?” Esme asked as they began the long journey north.
Serafina spread out the fingers of her right hand. “The Eger is a big river. Large rivers break apart into a web of streams where the river meets the sea.” She wiggled her fingers to mimic the movement of streams. “These streams form a delta which is relatively flat and prone to flooding. It may take several days to traverse the delta’s many streams – these streams are the tails he speaks of.”

The group divided their supplies among many small boats called pirogues – small wooden crafts pointed at both ends. Two people, one elephant tusk and a share of supplies were allotted to each boat; one or both passengers would push the boat along over the flooded plain with a long pole.
Esme chose to travel with Alekos, even though he was not officially part of their group, and Shalin stepped into the boat being poled by Lars the Trader.
“I can take a turn with the pole when you tire,” Shalin said to Lars.
Lars laughed. “We shall see. It appears that our traders have each taken a slave aboard to do the poling. If they relieve their slaves, I will allow you a turn.”
“But you are not a slave,” Shalin said. 
Lars nodded with a solemn expression. “No, I am not. But if I tire and slow, the slaves will be able to slow to match my pace.”
Shalin nodded, reading his mind. “You feel sorry for them.”
Lars dug in with his pole and pushed the small boat forward. “I have walked in their shoes.”

The flotilla of small boats skimmed over the floodwaters for the better part of the morning. When they reached a small island in the floodwaters, the Tara guides called a halt. They all pulled their boats ashore and the slaves began to make camp.
Serafina stood on the narrow beach, watching as Lars pulled his craft ashore. “Do you know why we are we stopping?” 
Lars reached out to help Shalin from the boat. “They say we are at the stream of the water cows. It is too dangerous to pass over now. We must wait until the great beasts emerge at dusk.”
“There is dry land just beyond the stream.” Shalin looked out past the island. “I do not see any great beasts.”
“You don’t see them, but they are there in the stream.” Lars pointed to the narrow channel on the other side of the island. “If we try to cross now, we will be overturned and drowned.”
“Where are they?” Shalin asked, walking closer to the channel of flat water.
Serafina, stopping close to the water’s edge, turned back to her daughters and smiled.
“Come here and see the first of your large animals.”
Esme and Shalin walked down to the water’s edge.
Esme leaned down close to the water. “I see two grey circles. Are they fish?”
“No, the water is full of sediment here. If it were clear you would see those two round holes are part of a very large nose, which is joined to the very large head of a hippopotamus,” Serafina said.
Esme drew in a sharp breath. “A hippo? In truth? Look, there is another pair of nostrils, and another. They rise and sink.”
Serafina drew her daughters close with an arm around each. “They are asleep. They come up to breathe without waking.”
Esme knelt down to gain a closer view of the nearest pair of nostrils. “Amazing. Do they eat fish then?”
Lars joined their group in time to hear Esme’s question. “Our guides say they eat grass. That is why the Tara call them water cows. They will come out of the water at dusk and began to graze. When they leave the water we will be able to cross.”
“Why not cross now, while they are asleep?” Shalin asked.
“The big bull in charge of this harem will awaken and sound the alarm if anyone disturbs the water,” Lars said. “They will be angry that they were roused and will attack our boats, then try to pull us under and trample us. The commotion will stir up the crocodiles. They will join in the carnage in hopes of a meal.”
“The Tara know all this?” Shalin asked in amazement.
Lars nodded. “They stick to the routes they know. They have traveled the same trails for many hundreds of years.”
“Will the crocodiles try to overturn our boats as well?” Esme asked.
“Not as likely,” Serafina said, “crocs prefer to wait in ambush before attacking. But they may attack us as we leave the boats. They move well on dry land for short distances.”
Esme stared at the water. “I can hardly wait to see the hippos emerge at dusk.”
“It will be a sight we will not soon forget,” Serafina predicted. “For now, we should eat and rest.”

The slaves had a fire going, and everyone settled down on the small island for lunch and a nap. Sergeant Weaver posted a guard to watch for crocodiles that might be inclined to slither up onto the island, lured by the scent of food, and the others made temporary beds of blankets and capes.
Esme jotted down a few notes about hippos and crocodiles in her ledger before falling asleep. She was up and waiting at the water’s edge an hour before dusk.

As the sun fell below the water’s edge, a large bull hippo emerged from the stream. He bellowed a warning to the younger males hidden below the water. He was the leader and would not tolerate any disrespect. He was enormous, as tall as Esme and three times that in length. He must have weighed thousands of pounds.
Slowly, the rest of the herd lifted their massive bodies from the water, emerging on short wide legs, each one wandering off to feed on the green grass of the well-watered surrounding plain.
The big bull watched as the females emerged with their calves. He was ready to trample any crocodile looking to attack a young hippo.
The Tara men called out commands and the camp broke up quickly. They had their small boats in the water, ready to move while there was still some light left in the sky.
After the short trip across the stream, Esme looked longingly at a nearby mother and baby hippo, grazing peacefully. “Might I just touch the calf?” she asked her mother.
“No. The calf’s mother is watching you,” Serafina warned.
Esme looked at the mother hippo and tried to put a friendly thought in her mind. But the only thought that came back was one of extreme protectiveness. She would surely kill anyone who posed a threat to her calf.
The twins picked up their valises and helped to carry the small boats across the grassland to a place where they could safely camp for the night.

Chapter 26

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge in the Port of Eko

Serafina and her entourage had been gone several days on their journey to Timbitu, leaving the members of the acting troupe at Eko to busy themselves as they saw fit. Life aboard the Kingdom of Henge had become banal.
Phinn sat in the ship’s galley with his fellow actors, Tom, Bear and Smiles.
“How long do ya ‘spect it’ll take Serafina ta come back with ‘er workers fer Bat Island?” Tom asked.
Bear frowned. “Slaves, don’t ya mean?” 
Smiles put his hand on Bear’s shoulder. “She says she’ll only be takin’ ones what want ta buy their freedom.”
“That’d be all a them, I’d wager,” Bear grumbled. “They won’t know what a hot, sweaty job they’ve signed on fer.”
Phinn nodded.  “Not much of a choice, I agree, but some might be willing, even if they did know.  She said she thought it would take a month or more to get to Timbitu and back.  We might as well try to find out who is in charge here in Eko and ask if they would like us to put on a performance.  It wouldn’t hurt to drum up some good will, since we’ve laid claim to an island not far from here.”
Bern, one of the crew men, appeared at the doorway and hesitated before entering.
“Sorry, I don’t want to interrupt. I can come back later for a bite to eat.”
Phinn waved him in. “You are not interrupting anything. Come in. We were just talking about going ashore to find out who is in charge here. You wouldn’t happen to know who that is, would you?”
Bern shook his head. “No, but I met someone who likely knows. Alekos took me to a place called the Tavern and introduced me to the owner, Paddy. He’s been here a long time, I think. He speaks English and seems to know all the local gossip.”
“The Tavern?” Bear perked up noticeably. “Would that be a place servin’ up ale by chance?”
Bern smiled. “It would. It seems to be a gathering place for all the swabbies and sea folk in port. He knows Alekos and his missing brother, Cosmos.”
Phinn shifted on his bench to make room for Bern to sit down. “He sounds like the very person we’re looking for. Would the Tavern be open for business now?”
Bern shrugged. “I don’t know. It was late, after dark, when I was there. But I have to row back to pick up the women from the marketplace soon. I could row you over and show you where it is.”
Phinn looked around and saw his friends’ eager faces.
“That sounds like a good idea.” Phinn shoved a platter of fish and cous cous in Bern’s direction.
Bern scooped up some dinner onto a clean plate. “The ale tastes a bit different than the ale back home, but I liked it well enough. The local women make it.” He took his first bite of fish and looked up as he chewed, waving his empty fork in the air before he continued. “The strangest thing about the Tavern is Hairy.”
“Who’s Harry?” Bear asked.
“Hairy’s a chimp an’ a gambler. His name’s spelled with an i.”
“Chimp like chimpanzee?” Phinn asked.
“Yes. Hairy plays dice. And I never saw anyone could throw so many sevens in a row. A lot of the sailors think he’s lucky and bet with him.”
Bear narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “You gotta be kidding us.”
“You’ll see,” Bern said. “Betting on Hairy won me a couple free ales.”

By the time they reached Eko’s waterfront, the sun was low in the western sky. Bern pulled the boat ashore only long enough to drop off the four men.
“I’ve got to row down to the marketplace and pick up the ladies from their shopping,” Bern called out. “Just tell Paddy you’re all friends of Bern and Alekos. The first ale is always free. He says it’s the price of news.”
Smiles helped Bern shove off and waved goodbye.
“I’ll be back for you in a couple of hours,” Bern shouted as he rowed further out from shore. “Say hi to Hairy from me.”

As the sun sank below the horizon, Phinn, Tom, Smiles and Bear walked toward the Tavern. 
Bear looked around the deserted docks. “Seems sort of quiet.”
Phinn kept his eyes on the darkened tavern ahead. “If Paddy’s not there yet, we can wait outside.”
They walked through the unlocked half door at the front of the Tavern. A man wearing a leather apron looked up. He appeared to be in the process of lighting a lamp.
“Are you open for business yet?” Phinn asked.
“I’m always open.” The man smiled at his new customers and his gold tooth flashed in the dim lamp light. “I live just in back.” He stuck out his hand. “Paddy’s the name; pourin’ ale’s my game.” 
The actors shook hands with Paddy, each giving his name in turn.
Phinn settled in on a stool at the bar. “We’re off the Kingdom of Henge. Bern rowed us over. He says you’re friends with Alekos. Bern and Alekos are both part of our crew.”
“Alekos? Aye, he’s a mate. He’s gone off with a caravan, you know.”
Phinn nodded. “Our, ah, boss has gone off with a caravan, too. Serafina’s her name.”
“A woman went off with the Tara traders?” Paddy seemed surprised. “I’d not heard that bit ‘a news.”
“She’s quite an important person. Had soldiers with her,” Phinn explained.
“Is she heading for the buried city of gold, too?” Paddy asked.
Phinn shook his head. “No. She’s looking for some men to employ for a job she has.” Phinn realized he was saying more than he should and thought he had best change the subject quickly, but Tom beat him to it.
“Is Hairy the Chimp here?” Tom looked up as though Hairy might be waiting in the rafters of the ceiling. “Bern says there’s a chimp here what’s lucky at dice.”
Paddy laughed. “Yes, Hairy lives with me. Sometimes I think he knows what number is about to come up. He’ll be along in a bit. He likes to sleep in the tree out back until the place livens up.”
“We’re told you have a good homemade brew you sell here,” Bear said, hopefully.
“Our ale. Yes, the local women make it from cassava roots. Care for a taste?”
Bear moved closer to the bar. “I wouldn’t mind.”
“First one’s always on the house.” Paddy lined up four glasses and filled them from the tap on a barrel behind the bar.
Phinn grimaced at the first taste, but continued to sip. “We are actors by trade,” he said. “We thought as long as we’re here for a time we would ask the local chief if we might put on a performance. Do you happen to know who is in charge here in Eko?”
“Actors, you say. I’d never have guessed. I imagine the local folk would be pleased to see something new.” He paused to think. “I suppose the people to ask would be the council of elders. Either them or the women’s society. The elders meet most days under the big acacia tree by the marketplace. Come to think of it, they’ve got a big festival coming up. Their yearly celebration for the yam harvest. That’s always a big day around here.”
A few men began to drift into the Tavern and Paddy excused himself to welcome the newcomers.
Phinn looked at his friends. “The council of elders sounds like the place to start. I guess we could come back tomorrow and see if they are meeting at their tree. Maybe they’d like us to be a part of their festival.”
Bear’s eyes were beginning to shine. “I’m starting to like this homemade ale.” 
Tom jumped up from his seat at the bar. “Look, here comes Hairy the Chimp.”
Hairy leapt from table to table before taking his place at the head of a long table used for playing dice.“Eeep,” he screeched, showing his teeth in a frightening smile.
Tom was the first to leave the bar. “Let’s go play. I’m bettin’ with Hairy.”
With some trepidation, Phinn followed his friends to the dice table.

Chapter 27

Grasslands of Eger River Delta

The grasslands had proved disappointing to Esme since their Tara guides seemed to purposely lead them clear of any encounters with large animals. With the Eger in flood and rains frequent, the grass was high, keeping all but the tallest animals hidden from curious eyes.
 After days of fording streams on the broad Eger River Delta, the twins watched in awe as the heaviest gray clouds they had ever seen rolled in over the grasslands ahead.
Off in the distance large shapes moved through the high grass. Elephants? Rhinos? They could only guess. A heavy mist covered the Delta and blurred their view.
Esme looked up at the darkened sky. “Any minute now.”
Shalin did not need words to finish her sister’s warning. The rain would soon come in sheets as it had the day before. “It is too early to make camp. I am sure our guides plan to slog through, the same as yesterday.” Shalin pulled her cloak tighter around her shoulders.
Esme’s face scrunched up into a frown. “We are missing all the animals. The grasslands are full of them and all we can see are the blurred shapes. Look out to the north. Those tall shapes. I think they are giraffes.”
Shalin nodded, following the tall thin shadows with her eyes. She too felt her sister’s frustration over their guides’ single-minded determination to get to their destination as quickly as possible with no time wasted in observing wildlife. “Perhaps the coming downpour will force the guides to take shelter.”
“Not likely,” Esme grumbled.
Big drops of water began to speckle the trail through the grass. The slaves stopped long enough to turn the boats they carried on their shoulders upside down so they would not collect water. They had to remove the ivory tusks and supplies from the boats and find ways to strap the extra loads to their bodies.
Esme looked out over the high grass to witness a disturbance in the sea of green. “Something is moving away from us. I see a dark body just above the blades of grass. I am going to follow it.”
Shalin knew this was not a good idea. Many varieties of large predators could be moving through the grass unseen. Esme was already detouring off the trail, only her head and shoulders visible above the grass.
Shalin saw her mother, up ahead on the trail. If Serafina turned, she might see that Esme had veered off into the grass. Two slaves carrying a boat were directly behind Serafina. They could possibly screen Serafina’s view. “Wait,” she called out to her sister. “I am coming with you.”
Esme didn’t wait. In fact, she was running now, trying to catch up to the unidentified animal ahead of her.
The animal easily outdistanced the twins, but it was a short chase through the grass. Just ahead they could hear a howl cut short, replaced by a whiny screech, then silence.
“Something just died,” Esme whispered.
They tiptoed forward, hardly daring to breathe, parting the grass before them slowly, soundlessly.
An animal growled a deep warning in the grass ahead.
“We should leave,” Shalin whispered.
They stopped to listen. They could smell the fresh blood.
The growling head of a cheetah pushed towards them through the tall grass, its mouth dripping blood, its fangs revealed and its shoulder hackles raised.
Esme quickly put a picture of a running gazelle in the cheetah’s mind. The animal turned to make sure its prey was still dead and the twins backed away.
They caught up to the rest of their party and were relieved to see they had not been missed.
The rain fell harder and continued to fall throughout the day. Their guides pressed on without stopping for a meal. Everyone was drenched, their feet caked in mud, when they came within sight of a small village.
The thatched huts of the village did little to repel the rain, but Esme and Shalin were still grateful to be invited into one of the shelters along with their mother and Lars the Trader.
“Where did you girls go off to this morning?” Serafina asked, as she wrung out her sodden scarf.
Shalin and Esme looked at one another out the corners of their eyes. It was Shalin who answered.
“We saw an animal going through the grass and followed it.”
Serafina waited, apparently expecting there was more to tell.
Esme shrugged. “We think it was a cheetah.”
“You did not see it?” Serafina asked.
Esme hesitated. “Just the head and shoulders.”
“And was it a cheetah?” Serafina asked.
“It looked like one,” Esme hedged.
Serafina frowned. “You have seen paintings of cheetahs. Yellow with spots. Was it a cheetah?”
“Yes,” Esme admitted.
Serafina waited.
Shalin decided it was better to tell all. “It made a kill. It growled to warn us to stay away.”
“It did not attempt to attack you?” Serafina asked.
Shalin shook her head. “Not really. It wanted to get back to whatever it had killed.”
“A jackal,” Serafina stated. “I heard its dying howl above the roar of the rain. “You were fortunate. Perhaps next time you will be more careful what you go after.”
Both twins nodded, grateful their mother had neglected to tack on a punishment.
“Where are we?” Shalin asked. “Do you know?”
“I believe this must be Elmina, the village where we will leave the boats and proceed by donkey to Timbitu. I saw a forge at the edge of the village. There must be iron ore nearby.”
Lars the Trader, who was busy hanging wet clothes to dry on twigs in the reed wall, groaned. “Iron implements. I already have those aplenty, thanks to Helsop. I doubt I will be able to make any advantageous trades here.”
Serafina nodded. “Further north we will reach the gold fields. Have you an interest in trading for gold?”
“Yes. Gold is a good investment.” Lars paused and held up one finger. “As long as there are donkeys to carry it. Gold is very heavy.”
“You will likely only need to carry it as far as Timbitu,” Serafina said. “That is as far south as the camel caravans travel. You should be able to trade gold there for cloth and spices.”
“There are always ready customers for cloth and spices.” Lars seemed more cheerful now as he continued to pull wet clothes from his pack.
“Do we have the use of this thatched hut for the night?” Serafina asked Lars.
Lars nodded. “Our Tara guides told me a few are set aside for traders.”
“Will we have food as well?” Esme asked.
“Yes, once the slaves have stowed their loads, they will set about cooking some food. Since it is still raining bucketfuls, they will have to build a fire inside a hut. It will take some time.” Lars smiled at Esme. “If you are hungry, I have some dried fruit in my pack.”
Esme was very hungry. And wet. And dirty. And tired. “No, I am fine. I will wait until everyone eats,” she said. 
Lars looked at Shalin with eyebrows raised in a questioning glance.
“I am fine, as well.” Shalin knew her mother would approve of her forbearance. Blackwell family members were expected to rise above adversity.

Chapter 28

Aboard the Kingdom of Henge off Eko

The morning after meeting Paddy at the Tavern, Phinn called his acting troupe together in the ship’s galley. He stood at the table where the actors were assembled to make his announcement.
“There is a festival coming soon in Eko to celebrate the local yam harvest. I thought we might volunteer to join in with some music and dancing – perhaps a skit or two. What do you all think?”
Angie broke out her best smile. “I think that’s just the thing. We’ve been aboard ship too long. Right Tom?” She looked at her husband for agreement.
“Right as rain.” Tom never disagreed with his wife.
Phinn nodded. “Luckily the rain seems to have let up for a while. But it is the rainy season, so we should take that into consideration when planning our performance.”
“Should we just show up in costumes at their festival?” Juanita asked.
“The locals might not take too kindly to that,” Bear cautioned.
Phinn put up his hand. “I thought I would go talk to the Council of Elders this morning – see what they think of the idea.”
“I doubt any of them speak English,” Juanita said.
Phinn nodded. “You’re likely right about that, but there is Paddy, the Tavern owner I met yesterday. I think he’s been here long enough to know the language. I could ask him to come with me.”
Juanita looked at her husband with a suspicious expression. “You met a Tavern owner yesterday? How did that happen?”
Phinn coughed as he waved the question off. “He is a friend of Bern’s.” He quickly changed the subject. “Perhaps you would like to come along to speak to the elders. Paddy said something about a woman’s group that might also want to be informed.”
“I’d like to go,” Esmeralda said. “Any reason to get off this boat for a while.”
A few others joined in with offers to accompany Phinn to Eko’s marketplace.
“Fine.” Phinn held up his hands in surrender. “We will all go. But we will have to go a few at a time in the shore boat. Bring your instruments. Perhaps we can put on a little preview of our skills for the elders.”

Before long the entire acting troupe was assembled at the ship’s rail. The rains held off but gray clouds were closing in above and the respite from seasonal monsoons would likely be a brief one.
Phinn, Juanita and Drake crowded into the shore boat with Bern at the oars.
Phinn cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted. “I’ll send Bern back shortly but if Paddy is willing to go now to translate for us, you can catch up with us at the big acacia tree at the edge of the marketplace where the elders gather.”

Phinn, Juanita and Drake jumped out of the boat as soon as they touched shore and Bern backed the shore boat away to return to the ship.
Phinn pointed in the direction of the Tavern. “Paddy lives behind the Tavern. We’ll likely find him there. He has a chimp called Hairy that lives with him.”
“What’s a chimp?” Drake asked.
“It’s a big monkey,” Phinn said. “But don’t get too friendly if he’s about. You never know what an animal is thinking.”
Phinn knocked on the door at the back of the Tavern and Hairy the Chimp opened the door.
Phinn took a moment to assess this awkward situation, then asked politely, “Is Paddy home?”
Hairy screeched and scrambled over a table to a small hallway.
Paddy emerged from a room beyond the hall, buttoning his shirt.
“Ah, Phinn, me lad. And who is this lovely young woman and lad with you?”
“This is my wife, Juanita, and my son, Drake. Juanita, Drake, meet the Honorable Mr. Paddy.”
Juanita smiled. “A pleasure, Mr. Paddy. That is quite a butler you have there.” She glanced at Hairy who was bouncing from one foot to the other in excitement.
Paddy laughed. “Hairy loves having guests. He especially likes children, though he can sometimes get a little overexcited, if you take my meaning.”
Juanita put a protective arm around her son.
“I hope we are not disturbing you too early in the day,” Phinn said, “but we are on our way to speak to the elders about joining in with their annual yam festivities, and realized we may be in need of a translator.”
“Aye, it’s a translator you’ll be needin’ for sure and I’m your man for it. Just let me get a few kola nuts for the elders.” Paddy stuck his hand into a clay pot on the floor beside the door.
“What are those?” Phinn asked, looking at the small tan colored nuts in Paddy’s hands.
“Just a bit of a stimulant,” Paddy said. “It’s considered polite to present these to the elder in charge. He then passes them around and they all have a right good chew. A bit of a perk up.”
“Have you tried it?” Juanita asked.
“Once or twice, to be polite. It’ll keep you awake for sure, but I prefer to relax instead with a bit of ale now and again.” He held up the nuts. “Care to try one?”
Juanita shook her head. “No thanks. We’ve not had much need to perk up these last few days. The rain has kept us in our cabins.”
Paddy laughed. “The rains will do that to a body. But I’m glad you’ve come out for a visit. I’ve a think your lovely presence will perk up the elders as much as the kola nuts, sure as my name’s Paddy.”
Phinn kept a wary eye on Hairy the Chimp as he spoke. “There may be a few more of our acting troupe coming to join us at the acacia tree,” 
Paddy pocketed his kola nuts and opened the door. “Off we go then, afore the rains break through.”
“Can Hairy come?” Drake asked, eyeing the chimp who was still jumping around the room, shrieking.
Paddy tilted his head in his housemate’s direction. “I’ll leave it up to him, but seeing all his bouncing around I’d wager we’d have a hard time tryin’ to stop him coming.”

The five, including Hairy the Chimp, walked toward the acacia tree as the second boat load of performers arrived, having been dropped close to the market square. A few optimistic vendors were setting up their tables, hoping to make some sales before the rains came.
Phinn introduced Esmeralda, Angie and Tom to Paddy and they walked together to the acacia tree where three old men sat on grass mats, looking out at the market square. The men were dressed in light colored wrap-around cloth skirts and many strands of beads, most red, orange or black in color.
Paddy addressed the men in their own tongue and handed his kola nuts to one in an elaborate red-beaded headdress with many branching sets of antler-like protrusions.
The man took a few minutes to consult with his friends, hand out the nuts and take a long look at his guests. Then he spoke to Paddy.
Paddy nodded as he listened, and then turned to Phinn. “He sees you have instruments with you.  He would like very much to hear what kind of sounds they make.”
Phinn waved his fellow actors closer as he raised his flute to his lips. “Looks as though it’s time for our audition.  Feel free to join in.”

Chapter 29

Port City of Eko

As the elders of the Eko tribe chewed their kola nuts and watched their visitors from under the branches of a blooming acacia tree, Phinn began his audition with a lively jig.  The other actors joined in with flutes, tambourines and fiddles.  As more actors arrived from the ship, they played as well.
Phinn could see the three Eko elders becoming more animated, their eyes sparkling and their bodies swaying with the music.  It could be the result of the kola nuts that the three were chewing, but could just as easily be the effect of the music.  Phinn chose to believe the latter.
The chief elder motioned to a boy standing near a vendor’s stall. The boy ran to the elder and listened to the words the old man spoke softly in his ear. Then the boy took off, running toward the village huts.
Within a few minutes all the acting troupe had assembled and they played three more pieces for their audience of elders and vendors.
Paddy smiled broadly, flashing his gold tooth, while Hairy the Chimp screeched and swung from branch to branch in the acacia tree.
The chief elder spoke at length to Paddy in the Eko language. Paddy cleared his throat before translating. “The chief says you are most honored guests of the village. The village has great respect for musicians and now the villagers will welcome you into their tribe in their traditional manner.”
A worried expression crossed Phinn’s countenance as he considered what this might be.
Drake pulled on his father’s sleeve. “May I go up into the tree with Hairy?” he asked.
Phinn considered the request seriously for a second before deciding against it and saying no. It might actually be safer for his son to be in the tree, depending on what a traditional welcome to the tribe involved. Would weapons be required? Feats of strength? Proof of bravery?
A few men appeared at the edge of the village carrying large objects. Phinn looked closer. They did not appear to be weapons. They looked more like – drums?
The men began a slow cadence as each drummer walked forward, tapping softly on the two-sided surface of the drum that hung from a cord around his neck. Then the cadence quickened. One of the drummers began a counterpoint beat. Another joined in with a third variation.
Before long, the whole acting troupe swayed and stepped to the intoxicating rhythms of the drums. More musicians appeared from the village, some with drums, some with whistles and grass flutes.
Phinn was mesmerized by the wild rhythms. He tried to keep them in his mind, but they were too varied, too intricate. A flurry of red caught his eye.
The women of the tribe danced into the square. They wore red wraparound dresses and red coral beaded headgear. Each carried a gourd as she moved hypnotically. The gourds were filled with some sort of sand or pebbles that made a pleasing crackling noise when shaken.
Phinn felt Juanita’s hand clasp his as they stood in awe of the musical triumph swirling around them.
“Have you ever heard anything like it?” Juanita asked.
Phinn shook his head, too much in awe to speak. They began to copy the movements of the dancing women. The other actors fell in as well. There was no doubt about it. They were now members of this tribe.

The celebration continued as the rain started; everyone having too much fun to be deterred. But soon the rain began to fall in earnest. They were all drenched and laughing when they separated, the villagers to return to their huts and the actors to go back to their ship.
As Phinn passed Paddy on his way to the beach, he said, “I must have one of those drums as soon as possible, no matter the price.”
Paddy laughed. “I’ll put the word out, mate. Will I see you then tonight at the Tavern?”
“Yes, I’ll be there if there’s any chance you’ll have found a drum by then.”
“First thing on my list,” Paddy said, thumping Phinn on the back. “I think the chief liked you.”
“Not as much as I liked him.” Phinn ran for the shore boat as the roar of the rain increased.

Back on the Kingdom of Henge and dressed in dry clothes, the acting troupe was all a twitter about their experience on shore.
“Who knew these people were such incredible musicians?” Juanita said, still amazed by their performance.
“Not me,” Bear chimed in. “An’ not bad dancers neither.”
“I got to get me one of them red dresses,” Peaches said.
Angie nodded her agreement. “And one of them shakin’ gourds too.”
Tom had a dreamy look in his eyes. “I wouldn’t mind getting one ‘a those two-sided drums.”
“Already ordered.” Phinn clasped his friend Tom’s shoulder. “I asked Paddy to find one for me. I’m going to the Tavern tonight to see if he was able to find one for sale.”
Juanita’s expression turned guarded. “Be careful. If it keeps raining like this the shore boat could flounder getting there.”
They stopped to listen to the deafening roar of the tropical storm.
“I’ll swim to shore if I have to.” Phinn was adamant. “I’ve never heard rhythms like that before. I have to get them into my hands before my brain forgets them.”
Smiles laughed. “I can see your hands twitching just thinking about those drumbeats.”
Phinn looked down at his hands and saw that Smiles was right. “Let’s try it, see how much we can remember. Bear, you have a good sense of rhythm. Try to lay down the beginning beat.”
Bear stood and hunched over the wooden table. He used two knives to thump out the basic rhythm.
Phinn joined in with two spoons to add a counter beat.
Drake surprised them all by picking up two more spoons and adding a third compliment.
Juanita kissed the top of her son’s head. “You are a true gypsy,” she murmured, picking up a tambourine to add to the mix.
Before long the acting troupe had an approximation of the concert they had witnessed earlier that day. The roar of the rain seemed to add a nice backdrop. In fact, they had never been a happier group than they were at that moment, on their own ship, now part of an African tribe.

Chapter 30

Village of Elmina

Shalin and Esme awoke in their thatched hut to find their mother and Lars the Trader already gone. They still wore their clothes from the day before, so they simply tossed aside their blankets and put on their shoes to prepare for the new day.
“The rain has stopped.” Esme blinked in the sunlight as she emerged from the hut.
“And it is already warm,” Shalin said, knowing the warmth of the morning would soon turn into the heat of a humid day.
The sounds of braying donkeys and clanging chains filled the air as a caravan arrived from the east. A line of slaves approached the village, each one shackled around the ankle to the next by chains and each one carrying an ivory tusk.
Esme shook her head in dismay. “So many elephants, killed for their ivory,” she murmured.
“Good morning, Princesses,” came a familiar voice from behind the twins.
Shalin and Esme turned to see Alekos walking toward them.
Esme’s face lit up. “You are still with us. How much further is it to your turn off to Wagadu?”
The girls had not had much chance to speak to Alekos during the trek through the grasslands. Although they journeyed together, Alekos had signed on with a different group of Tara guides – one without slaves who cooked their own meals and made their own campfires. The twins suspected that Alekos had paid a bit less than Serafina to make this passage.
“I will go as far as the next village by donkey, where I will strike out on my own to head northwest to Wagadu. Hopefully I will find my brother there, though I am told there is nothing left to mark the location of the city now buried under sand dunes.”
“How will your brother find it then?” Shalin asked. 
Alekos shrugged. “I have only a copy of the map; Cosmos has the original. Perhaps his has more markings. There is a confluence of dry stream beds where Wagadu once stood, but they may be covered now by sand.” He took out his copy of the map to show them.
Esme and Shalin studied the map they had seen briefly while still aboard the Kingdom of Henge.
“Perhaps you could find a guide in a village near there,” Shalin suggested, wondering how she might convince her mother to allow her to go along.
Alekos appeared doubtful. “I don’t think there are any villages left near Wagadu. The Sahara Desert is vast, and it moves further south every year.”
Esme shook her head slowly. “It seems a dangerous undertaking.”
“I wish I could go with you,” Shalin said aloud. “I am very interested in buried cities.”
“For the gold?” Alekos asked, his voice carrying a note of surprise.
Shalin laughed. “No, I have no need of gold. I am well cared for as part of Henge’s Royal Family. But I have an interest in ancient manuscripts and astrology.”
Alekos nodded. “I have heard rumors that your mother was once a sorceress. Would that be your goal in life?”
Shalin shook her head. “No, though mother has taught me a lot about the dark arts. I am interested in history and in the wisdom of ancient astrologers. They seem to be keepers of secrets that have been lost over time.”
Alekos mulled Shalin’s words over in his mind as he stared at her. Shalin caught a stray thought from Alekos’ mind. He thought her a strange and slightly scary child.
“I will keep that in mind if I succeed in finding the buried city. If I find any ancient texts I will save them for you,” he promised.
Esme saw a number of boats stacked beside a thatched hut. She pointed in their direction. “Lars says we will all be leaving the boats behind here and continuing on donkeys.”
They walked as they talked, heading for the village square where vendors were setting up their wares on blankets and tables. They passed tables of small iron tools – scissors, knives, hammers etc. – and tables of bronze statues and masks. Ivory tusks were sold in bundles and donkeys were available to buy or rent.

Serafina and Lars the Trader stood before a table full of bronze masks, speaking to the proprietor. The twins were drawn by curiosity, wondering what their mother was doing, but reluctant to leave Alekos while he might have more to tell them.
Alekos solved their dilemma by veering off and waving goodbye. “I’m going to find my guides to see if there is any chance of getting breakfast.” He took the path toward the north end of the village.
The twins waved goodbye and hurried to join their mother.
Lars the Trader was in the middle of translating a vendor’s words to Serafina.
“He says the masks are the faces of their gods. He can only sell them to believers of his faith. Since we travel with Tara guides, we must not be believers. Therefore he cannot sell them to us.”
“I see,” Serafina said. “Tell him the believers are fine craftsmen and we find the masks quite exquisite. Then ask him if he knows who commissions written works from the Tara traders.”
The twins stood by silently, knowing their mother was intent on finding this book collector—curious themselves about who was buying random written works, and why.
The seller of bronze masks stood quietly while Lars translated Serafina’s question. His response was a short one.
“He doesn’t know,” Lars said. “He says not many written works come through here.”
One of their Tara guides came by to tell them breakfast was ready by the donkey corral.
They followed the Tara trader to a fire pit at the edge of the square. A slave was ladling out bowls of hot porridge and they joined the line of people waiting to eat.
Lars spoke briefly to the Tara man in front of him. “He says we will leave after breakfast. They have already traded the boats for donkeys.”
Shalin and Esme watched as their guide took his bowl of porridge from the slave. The Tara man had a large sack of kola nuts strapped to his back.
“Why doesn’t he order a slave to carry his kola nuts?” Esme asked Lars.
“I do not know for sure, but my guess would be that the Tara consider the nuts too precious to trust them to their slaves’ keeping, They have an ingredient in them that gives energy and takes away hunger. It is what keeps them going on these long treks.”
“Have you tried them?” Shalin asked.
Lars shook his head. “No, I have not. No one has offered me any and I suspect they can become addictive.”
Shalin accepted her bowl of porridge from the slave, who smiled at her. He was the color of coal, a large man who looked to be in his 20s. She returned his smile.
Carrying her bowl to a low rock wall, she sat down beside her mother and sister. “How do you suppose these people came to be slaves?” she asked.
Serafina paused, pushing a lump of porridge around in her bowl. “I imagine it is usually the result of wars. One village overcomes another and the prisoners are sold as slaves.”
Shalin blew on her porridge to cool it. “It does not seem right.”
“No,” Serafina agreed. “Yet it happens.”
“Dagon rescued the Hammer Haven people from slavery and brought them back to Helsop,” Shalin said, glancing at the slave who had cooked her breakfast.
Serafina nodded. “He took a great risk in doing so. I believe they were relatives of some sort.”
Shalin knew that was true, but it still did not seem right that the vanquished must become slaves forever after if they had no relatives left to fight for their freedom.

Chapter 31

Kingdom of Fernland

Electra, Dagon, Gregor and Soren arrived at Fernland’s castle just before sunset, intent on smoothing over Helsop’s new contract to make exploding throwing balls for Prince Oswald of Sandovia with Fernland’s royal family.  Electra was surprised that no one came out to meet her. Lookouts along the Kings Highway must surely have reported their progress to King Geoffrey.
“Where are my mother and father?” Electra asked a page.
The page recognized Electra as the daughter of the king and queen and bowed respectfully. “I am sorry, Your Royal Highness, they are not here. The king and queen have gone down to King’s Lake to welcome home the king’s great ship the King Geoffrey. It has been gone these many months and they were most anxious to celebrate its return. They did know you were on your way and left word that you might join them at King’s Lake or await their return here at the castle.”
 Electra looked at Dagon to see what his preference might be. They were all tired after their long trip from Helsop.
“May we go to see the ship?” Gregor pleaded.
Electra saw the excitement in her son’s eyes.
She glanced at Dagon before replying. “I suppose we might if you are not too tired.” 
“I am not tired at all.” Gregor turned to stare at his brother, warning him with narrowed eyes not to admit to being tired.
“I am not tired either,” Soren insisted.
“Let us go then,” Dagon said, grinning. “I would not be surprised if your grandmother has ordered something special from China for the both of you.”

They arrived at King’s Lake an hour later and saw the great ship anchored offshore.
Electra gazed out over the water at the huge ship that bore her father’s name. “I am always amazed at the size of the King Geoffrey.”
“It is a monster,” Dagon agreed. “Look, there is the King Gundar at anchor behind it.”
“Prince Oswald is still here?” Electra was surprised. “I thought he would want to leave Fernland as soon as possible – before King Geoffrey and my brother, Avor, find out he has ordered the same exploding balls that our craftsmen made for my father.”
Dagon shrugged. “Perhaps Oswald believes your father will not care. They are allies of a sort now, should war with the Mongols come to our shores.”
Electra shook her head. “Prince Oswald knows Avor will care. Avor is very protective of Fernland’s weapons and inventions.” She was silent for a moment. “Did Oswald speak to Hedvig and Katrina while he was in Helsop as far as you know?”
“He did,” Dagon said. “I saw him talking to them. I thought he might offer to take them back to Sandovia with him since their fathers are there now and the girls do not seem to be very absorbed in their study of medicine.”
“Yes, I thought the same.” Electra nodded slowly as she put facts together in her mind. “They know we are aware they only pretend to study medicine while they are actually trying to find Henge’s niter mine. So why did they not take the opportunity to return with Oswald to Sandovia?  I suspect it may be because Prince Oswald told them he is not planning on going back to Sandovia when he leaves here.”
Dagon’s eyebrows lifted in surprise. “You think he plans to follow the King Geoffrey back to China?”
“I do.”
Dagon frowned. “If we tell your brother of our suspicions he may well arrange to sink the King Gundar.”
“I know.” Electra looked intently at her husband. “We had best keep our suspicions to ourselves for now.”

Queen Delphinia waved from the deck of the King Geoffrey when she saw her daughter and grandsons arrive on horseback, beckoning them to come aboard.
Electra waved back, and ran to catch up with her two sons who were already racing to the nearest shore boat.
Dagon, Electra and the two boys all managed to crowd into one shore boat and Dagon rowed them out to board the great ship via a rope ladder hung over the side.
“My dears,” Delphinia shouted down to them. “Wait until you see what I have brought you from China. I am so happy you chose this day to come for a visit.”
After hugs all around with Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey, Dagon stayed to speak to Geoffrey while Delphinia pulled the two boys and Electra off to search through a pile of cargo stashed at the ship’s stern.

“What brings you to Fernland today?” King Geoffrey asked Dagon. “Just a happy coincidence? You could not have known our ship would arrive today as we did not know ourselves.”
“Yes, just a coincidence,” Dagon assured his father-in-law. “I see Oswald’s ship is still here. You know, of course, that he visited us up in Helsop.”
“Yes, he said he wanted to place an order for weapons, though I do not know why. He is forced to buy all his exploding arrows from Henge. He tried to buy the white powder from us so that he could make his own exploding arrows, but Avor refused to sell at any price. Of course I supported Avor in that. We do not need any trouble with Henge.”
King Geoffrey made it sound as though he still had the final say on any decisions, but Dagon knew Prince Avor, in his new role of minister of war, believed the final word on any decisions involving weapons with his alone.
“Yes,” Dagon said.  “He did order some weapons and that is what I came to speak to you about. He actually ordered some exploding metal balls like the ones you ordered.” Dagon put up his hand to stop the angry retort he saw forming on King Geoffrey’s lips. “We told him we could only supply the empty balls. I made it clear that he would have to supply his own white powder to fill them, and he agreed to that. I saw no reason to forbid our craftsmen from satisfying such an order. In fact, Dorian had already agreed to fulfil the order before I heard about it. I do not know where Oswald hopes to find the white powder to fill them. Do you?”
King Geoffrey’s expression turned from anger to curiosity. “No, I do not. Do you suppose Prince Blackwell has agreed to sell him the white powder?  Has Blackwell ordered any of the metal balls?”
“No.” Dagon wanted to squash any suggestion of that quickly. “I believe the exploding balls are still an unknown weapon to Prince Blackwell.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “And I would prefer to keep it that way.”
Gregor was waving and calling out to his father. “Dad, come and see what Grandmother has brought you from China.”
Dagon smiled. “Shall we?” he asked King Geoffrey.
“All right. Let us not inform Prince Avor of our conversation just yet. I want to consider this information for a time before I discuss it with our minister of war.”
“Agreed,” Dagon said. He was relieved that King Geoffrey did not seem overly concerned about Helsop’s agreement with Prince Oswald, and was happy that the king was going to try to appease Avor as well. He decided he had made the right decision, coming to Fernland in person to calm the waters, before any ill will could take hold. 

Chapter 32

Kingdom of Fernland

Dagon was surprised to find he actually liked the gift Delphinia handed him. It was a set of jade throwing knives from China. They were beautifully carved and appeared quite lethal. He was happy, though, to see she had chosen toys rather than weapons for his sons. Soren blew on his new ivory whistle while Gregor tried to find the secret mechanism which would open his ornate wooden box. Electra held out a new woolen coat with red silk lining.
Dagon hefted one of the knives to test its balance. “These are wonderfully crafted,” he told Delphinia. “Thank you.”
“You are all very welcome. I have more things among the cargo, but I will have to wait on those until the ship is properly unloaded.” Delphinia turned to King Geoffrey. “I believe someone is calling your name, dear.”
They all stopped to listen. From far away came a plaintive cry. “Is King Geoffrey aboard?”
Dagon and King Geoffrey peered down from high up on deck to the water line below. There was Muller the Spy shouting up from a shore boat.
“Your Majesty, there is a meeting taking place that I think you might want to be privy to.”
“What kind of meeting?” King Geoffrey shouted. “Why do you not come aboard and advise me properly?”
“Time may be of the essence, Your Majesty. I had hoped to row you ashore. It is a meeting between Hilgard the Language Student and Prince Avor.”
“Do I know Hilgard the Language Student?” Geoffrey asked his wife.
“Of course, dear,” Delphinia said. “He was made Muller’s assistant. He has been all this time in China, buying your cargo and gathering information. He speaks Chinese fluently.”
“Yes, of course. Hilgard,” Geoffrey said. He leaned back over the railing. “Why is Hilgard speaking to Avor? He should be reporting to you and me.”
Muller shrugged. “Avor saw him and they began chatting. I could hardly forbid him to speak. Avor has begun questioning him on important matters.”
“I see. All right. Row to the ladder. I will come down.” He caught Dagon’s eye. “Perhaps you should come with me. Muller seems to think they are discussing something important.”
Dagon tilted his head in a questioning manner. “Are you sure you want me to hear what could be confidential intelligence?”
“You are not prone to rash decisions as Avor is. We may need your tempered counsel,” Geoffrey decreed.
Dagon sensed that Geoffrey wanted his support rather than his counsel if it came to a difference of opinion between father and son as it often did these days.
Geoffrey climbed carefully down the rope ladder and Dagon followed.
“Tell me what is being discussed that you felt needed my immediate attention,” Geoffrey said to Muller the Spy as he rowed them to shore.
“The Great Khan is trying to seal a pact with the Xi province in China by arranging a marriage between one of his sons and a Chinese princess there.”
King Geoffrey appeared puzzled, not really perceiving how that could possibly be a threat to Fernland. “And why should that be of concern to Fernland?”
Muller swallowed with some difficulty before speaking. “The son in question would be Bataar taking a second wife. Prince Avor expressed a desire to go to China to be at his friend’s wedding.”
“Go to China while they are at war with the Great Khan? What is he thinking?” Geoffrey said loudly.
“Just so, Your Majesty.” Muller pulled hard on his oars. “Perhaps he is not serious, but I thought you might wish to redirect his thinking before he becomes fond of the idea.”
“Quite right, Muller.” Geoffrey turned to speak to Dagon, sitting behind him. “It would be madness to visit a country at war just to be present at a politically arranged wedding, do you not agree?”
“I do agree, for what my opinion is worth.” Dagon’s voice held a cautionary note. He was sure his opinion would not count for much in Avor’s decision. It was no secret that Avor still felt his sister had married beneath her station when she chose Dagon for her husband. That Avor might be swayed by Dagon’s advice was unlikely, if not laughable.
King Geoffrey nodded as he turned back to face the shoreline. “Perhaps Avor was jesting. We should take it as such if the subject arises again. I will appear dismissive of the idea.”
Dagon did not know if this was a tactic that would work with Avor, but he was determined not to express an opinion on any topic unless ordered to do so.

They found Avor and Hilgard chatting over tea in the Taz workers’ lunchroom.
“Hilgard, back from China I see.” King Geoffrey appeared pleased to see the young man he vaguely remembered.
Hilgard stood and bowed respectfully. He seemed surprised that King Geoffrey knew who he was. “I am honored by your presence, Your Majesty. Yes, I am finally returned home.”
“You have much information on the progress of the Mongol incursion in China, I suppose. You speak the language there fluently I am told.”
“I am honored by your interest. I do have a report ready for my supervisor, Muller, but I will gladly answer any questions you might have, Your Majesty.”
“Who seems to be winning the war?” Geoffrey asked. “Please sit down. This is just an informal chat among friends.”
Hilgard took his seat but did not seem to relax. He sat rigidly and took a moment to form his answer. “The Chinese are terrified by the cruel raids of the Mongols on their cities and villages. They consider them bandits without honor. But the Chinese are no match for Barburee. The Barburee soldiers storm through the villages taking what they want and burning the rest. The Great Khan’s Army is winning one province at a time.”
King Geoffrey took a deep breath. “I see.” He was silent for a moment. “Is it your opinion that future runs to China by our ship King Geoffrey should be curtailed? That it is perhaps too dangerous to continue visiting China at this time?”
“That is a decision I would not feel qualified to make. The provinces we have visited to date are still at peace. The Great Khan’s Army is working its way south, but so far the southern provinces still carry on trade normally.”
King Geoffrey nodded. “So as long as we avoid those places to the north that are actively engaged, we are likely safe to continue trading.”
“Yes, that is my sense of things, but the places at war can change quickly,” Hilgard cautioned.
Avor nodded his agreement at this statement. “Some of the northern provinces are now at peace under the Great Khan’s rule. The province of Xi has agreed to come under Mongol control. In fact…”
King Geoffrey held up his hand. “We do not need to go into too much detail. Our concern is ever Fernland’s welfare. And to date it seems Fernland’s interests are protected. We will continue to send the King Geoffrey only as far as the southern provinces as that is where we have the ties needed to continue our purchase of niter powder.
Prince Avor frowned. He seemed troubled by this decree but said nothing more on the subject.
King Geoffrey stood up to signal the end of his interview “Muller, you have done well to appoint Hilgard as our emissary to China. You must both come to our dinner tonight at the castle to welcome home the King Geoffrey to Fernland.”

Chapter 33

Village of Kumbi

It took five more days of slogging through wet grass and muddy scrub before the twins, astride their donkeys, saw the village of Kumbi up ahead. As they drew closer to the great Sahara desert, the rains decreased in intensity. Twice they had glimpsed herds of elephants amid the scrub forest as they journeyed through.
At the village of Kumbi they knew they would turn east to their final destination – Timbitu. And Alekos would leave them at Kumbi to journey west to Wagadu.
“I wish we could go west with Alekos rather than east to Timbitu,” Shalin told her sister.
“Why?” Esme asked.
“He is going to find an ancient city while we are going to visit a very modern one,” Shalin answered.
“We do not know that. Perhaps Timbitu has been there for a long time.”
Shalin pursed her lips, considering. “As long as the trading caravans have been coming, I suppose.”
Esme stroked her donkey’s neck. The animal sensed the end of its journey was close by and walked faster. “If they collect manuscripts in Timbitu as Mother suspects, they are likely in possession of some which are ancient.”
Shalin shaded her eyes from the sun, trying to make out how large a village lay ahead. “Even if that is so, it seems they refuse to sell them.”
Esme shrugged.
Shalin knew her sister had no interest in ancient manuscripts, and no interest in going in a direction that would likely provide fewer encounters with large animals then would the path going east. “Perhaps I could accompany Alekos to Wagadu and meet you back here on your return trip.”
Esme laughed. “Do you imagine Mother would agree to that?”
Shalin sighed. “No.”
“Look, I think those are mudbrick houses ahead,” Esme said enthusiastically.
Shalin smiled. It would be a welcome change to sleep in an actual house after so many damp nights on the trail. “This appears to be a more prosperous town than Elmina.”

As they entered the village of Kumbi, they were amazed at the wealth displayed there. Gold abounded. Shields, saddles, swords, helmets – all made of gold – not to mention the jewelry and ornaments worn by the residents. It seemed gold was as common here as iron was in Henge and Helsop.
Vendors waved as they rode through the village market. Huge cakes of salt vied with gold for the attention of the Tara traders. The vendors wore welcoming smiles as the donkey caravan came to a halt.
Shalin and Esme dismounted quickly and rushed to find Alekos.
“Alekos,” Esme called out as she spotted him wandering among the tables laden with gold objects.
He turned to see who had called his name. “Ah, my little shadows,” he said with a smile. “Have you seen Lars the Trader? I could use an interpreter just now. I thought I might hire a guide to take me to Wagadu if the price is not too dear.”
“Are you sure this is not Wagadu, renamed?” Shalin asked. “Do you see all the gold they have here?” 
“Yes, I do. I had no idea there were new mines to the east of Wagadu, but here must be the proof of it. The whole of west Africa is blessed.”
“I saw Lars with Mother up ahead.” Esme handed the reins of her donkey to Alekos. “I will catch up to them and see if he will help you.”
“Much appreciated,” Alekos called out.
As Esme ran ahead, Shalin stared curiously at the far end of the marketplace.
Alekos smiled at her concentration. “It is a lot of wealth to take in, isn’t it?”
“It is.” Shalin continued to gaze at the edge of the marketplace. “But what has captured my attention is a man who looks a lot like you.”
Alekos turned to follow her gaze. “Cosmos,” he shouted, as he dropped the reins of Esme’s donkey and ran toward his long lost brother.
Shalin abandoned her donkey as well and ran close behind him.

Alekos and Cosmos hugged one another, laughing and crying a bit at the same time.
“You came.” Cosmos’ voice was husky with emotion.
“Of course I did. Why should you have all the fun?” Alekos smiled at his brother. “Though I thought the more challenging part of my journey still lay ahead. How is it you are here in Kumbi and not digging through the sands of the Sahara to find Wagadu?”
Cosmos lowered his voice, but Shalin could still hear him.
“I found a part of what must have been the old city of Wagadu. I began digging and happened on to a burial ground for pets. In grave after grave I found the remains of dogs or other animals and many were buried with their collars on – gold collars.” Cosmos’ voice lowered to a whisper and Shalin moved closer to Alekos to hear.
“I decided to bring them here to sell. It is the closest town on the trading route and many come here in search of gold to buy.”
Alekos hugged his brother again. “Are the collars enough then? Will you sell them and return to Eko? Go back to your life at sea?”
“I am thinking along those lines. It occurred to me while I was digging that the residents of Wagadu must have taken their gold with them when they migrated to places with water. I was perhaps lucky to have found the collars.”
Alekos slapped his brother on the back joyously. “Come, I know someone who will likely give you a good price for your gold collars.”

Shalin, Alekos and Cosmos met Esme and Lars the Trader as they were coming to help Alekos find a guide to Wagadu.
“Good news.” Alekos put his hand on his brother’s shoulder. “I have found my brother, Cosmos, and he has ended his treasure hunt. Lars, would you perhaps be interested in buying some gold collars for a very good price?”
Lars held out his hand. “Glad to meet you, Cosmos,” he said as they shook hands. “I would indeed be interested in the purchase of gold.” 
Cosmos pulled a bundle of collars from his pack and handed them to Cosmos. “I have come by these collars following a map that I won in a game of chance. They’ve likely been buried for a thousand years or more in Wagadu, a very dry area now turned to desert.”
“An interesting tale to accompany a sale is always appreciated.” Lars smiled as he raised the collars to the sun. They shined as though newly minted. “These are pure gold,” Lars exclaimed. “A very high grade. But small. The Wagadu people must have been a race of pygmies.”
Cosmos laughed. “I believe they must have been a race of people who loved their pets. I found them buried among the bones of dogs and small animals.”
Lars’ jaw dropped in surprise. “These are dog collars?”
Cosmos nodded. “I believe so.”
“As I live and breathe,” Lars exclaimed. “The village must have been awash in gold to favor their pets in such a fashion.”
A sale was quickly arranged, and Cosmos, now newly rich, decided he would like to continue on with the caravan to Timbitu, a place he had heard of, but had never visited.
“Then you must come along as well,” Shalin insisted, pulling on Alekos’ sleeve. 
“I suppose I must,” Alekos agreed, “now that my brother is a wealthy man.”

Chapter 34

Port City of Eko

Leaving his breakfast half eaten aboard the Kingdom of Henge, Phinn the Ambassador couldn’t remember when he had ever been as excited as he was this day. He would depart in a few minutes to meet a drum-maker at Paddy’s Tavern and claim his new drum. He had agreed to take Drake along, since his six year old son displayed such an aptitude for drumming, but no one else. He wanted to leave enough room in the shore boat for his drum.
“Ready, son?” he asked Drake, who had hardly left his side all morning.
“Yes.” Drake took his father’s hand. “Will I be able to try it? The drum, I mean.”
“Of course. We will both try it out before we buy it,” Phinn promised.
After lowering the shore boat and climbing down the rope ladder, Phinn took the oars to row them ashore. They had waited two days for this moment. The drum-maker had insisted on being present at the sale. He had been out in the forest, selecting hardboard for his hand-crafted drums when Paddy sent out word that he had a potential buyer.
Phinn pulled the small boat onto the beach near the Tavern.
“Paddy will likely still be at his quarters in back,” Phinn told Drake.
“Not in the Tavern?” The boy seemed disappointed.
“You’re a bit young for the Tavern, Drake.” Phinn patted him on the head.
Before Phinn could knock on the door to the residence, Hairy the Chimp swung down from his tree near the house and screeched a welcome.
“Hairy!” Drake called out. He seemed delighted to see his friend and moved closer as though he meant to hug the chimp before Phinn pulled him back with a protective arm.
Paddy opened the door and Hairy bounded inside.
Paddy frowned. “I planned to keep Hairy outside. He has a wild drumming streak, and I see he’s determined to be here. I guess we’re stuck with him.” The tavern owner made a welcoming wave and ushered them in to where a slender young black-skinned man waited, with a drum standing on either side of him. “Come in and meet your drum-maker.”
When all were inside and Hairy had rushed up the stairs, Paddy stood close to the young drum maker as he made the introductions. “Phinn, Drake, meet Maduka.”
The young man smiled and nodded and spoke in the Eko language to Paddy.
Paddy laughed and translated. “He asks which one of you is looking to buy a drum.”
Drake looked up at his father. “Papa, he has two drums.”
Phinn smiled. “Yes, perhaps we are both in the market for drums.”
Paddy translated as the young man spoke. “The two-sided drum is a talking drum. He is going to show you all the different sounds this drum can make.”
They all listened, mesmerized by the intricate rhythms. Phinn’s hands twitched in their eagerness to get hold of the drum.
“This second drum is a djembe. It is made of finest hardwood, twine and goatskin. Listen to the beautiful tone of the drum,” Paddy translated.
Phinn could have told Maduka he did not need this sales pitch, nor did he intend to dicker about the price. He was anxious to buy both drums as soon as possible. But he did enjoy listening to Maduka play. The man was obviously a master musician as well as a master craftsman.
Hairy the Chimp appeared suddenly, scampering across the table carrying a bucket.
Paddy hit his forehead with the palm of his hand. “Oh no, he’s found his bucket. I thought I had it hidden under the bed.”
Hairy the Chimp sat down next to Maduka, curled his toes around the rim of the bucket and began to drum on the flat upturned bottom.
“He’s not as good as Maduka,” Drake judged, “but he’s not bad.”
Phinn laughed and Maduka gave Hairy a good-natured pat on the back.
At the conclusion of the drumming exhibition, Phinn clapped loudly. “Tell Maduka I would like to buy both drums.”
Maduka smiled when Paddy translated and named a price.
“I think that is a fair price,” Paddy said, but I will try to get it down a bit if you like.”
“No, I will pay what he asks, but you might ask if he would throw in a free drumming lesson for Drake and me.”
Paddy translated Maduka’s reply. “He says he will give you your first lesson now.”
As anxious as Phinn was to get his hands on a drum, he told Paddy that Drake could go first.
Drake’s eyes were huge as he walked over to join Maduka. He chose the two-sided talking drum which was fine with Phinn, as he preferred the sound of the djembe drum.
Maduka showed Drake how to make different pitches by pressing down on the twine with his arm as he held the drum under one arm and used a curved stick with a flat head to tap on the stretched goatskin drum head.
Before long the two were drumming out complex rhythms, Drake on his talking drum and Maduka on his djembe drum. Hairy continued to join in on his bucket intermittently and his regular beat actually fit in rather well.
Paddy leaned in to translate one of Maduka’s comments. “He says your son was born to drum. He will teach him for free.”
Phinn was surprised to find himself forced to brush a tear from his eye before it escaped down his cheek. “Gypsy blood,” he said in a husky, prideful voice.

Phinn and Drake returned to the Kingdom of Henge that evening to find everyone waiting at the railing to welcome them back.
“Two drums?” Juanita asked.
“One for each of us.” Phinn’s face lit up with a broad smile. “Wait till you hear what we can already do.”
The performers rushed to get flutes, fiddles and tambourines to play along.
Phinn and Drake proudly went through the lessons they had learned from Maduka and each of the actors took a turn with the drums.
“Now, Drake, are you ready to play?” Phinn asked.
Drake answered with a complex rhythm on his talking drum that had everyone clapping along.
The two new drummers set a lively rhythm and the others joined in on their own instruments. The group played long into the night, their joyful sounds sliding smoothly across the calm waters of the bay.

Chapter 35

Timbitu

Timbitu bordered the banks of the Eger River and rose up to cover the hillside that shouldered the river. The Twins could see the city for miles before finally reaching it. As they neared the sprawling trading center known as Timbitu, the mood of their small donkey caravan changed. They merged into a flood of caravans, coming and going from the city. Some were huge caravans of camels, come all the way from the Orient. Others were donkey caravans, as their own. Some were long lines of slaves on foot, carrying ivory tusks or slabs of salt.
The Tara guides seemed more at ease here. They waved or gestured to others they recognized by some means, even though the faces of all the Tara traders remained hidden behind blue veils.
Sergeant Weaver rode up beside the twins on his donkey. “We must stay close together here. There are many caravans and where there are riches; there will be thieves and opportunists. My men and I will stay close to Princess Serafina. Be sure you do not lose sight of her.”
Shalin and Esme quickened their donkeys’ pace to stay with Sergeant Weaver, who was urging his donkey ahead to ride beside Serafina and Lars the Trader.
The bells of the camels, the shouts of the camel pullers and the chaos of the huge marketplace all blended into a roar of noise that made conversation difficult. Esme and Shalin read one another’s minds and neither was surprised by the results. Esme had spotted several elephants entering the city along with their handlers. She was anxious to finally study the huge animals at close range.
Shalin was equally anxious to find sellers of ancient manuscripts and question them about the provenance of their merchandise.
Temporary tents vied for space with permanent buildings made of mud brick or chalk. Muddy roads, the result of receding floodwaters from the nearby Eger River, tried the patience of weary travelers intent on reaching the marketplace.
 Timbitu was situated at the edge of the great Sahara desert. The city often went years without rain. Were it not for the waters of the Eger, which curved around the southern end of the great desert, habitation here would not be possible.
The twins caught up to their mother and Lars, who were speaking about the terms of indenture they planned to offer to their purchased slaves.
“You will, of course, need to purchase the slaves from their owners,” Lars stated in a matter-of-fact tone. “But before purchase, I would advise you to speak individually to those you wish to purchase. Be honest about the work they will be doing and the hardships involved. Some may be hoping to be sold into the employ of a wealthy family where there will be plenty to eat. Some may be craftsmen who will have value for their skills. I suggest you purchase strong family men who are anxious to keep their families intact. They will be willing to make a separate pact for several years’ hard labor to finally see their families and themselves free at the conclusion of their agreed-upon indenture. The women will be needed to cook and keep house for the workers.”
Serafina nodded in agreement. “We may need to find a translator. Some of these slaves have likely come from the interior of Africa where uncommon dialects are spoken.”
Lars nodded. “Yes, I will ask around about who speaks for them. If possible we might try to keep a whole defeated village intact. They would be more likely to work well together.”
“Our caravan ends here. We will need to surrender our donkeys once we reach the heart of the city.” Serafina looked around to see if any of their guides were still close by. “We should plan to stay a few days before starting back with our new indentured servants.”
“Shall I ride ahead to see about lodging while we are here?” Lars asked.
“No need,” Serafina said. “It is early in the day. We should be able to find out all we need to know at the marketplace.”
Lars smiled. “Yes, I am eager to reach the marketplace. I have items to sell and much to buy.”
“Stay close,” Serafina ordered. “I hope to solve the mystery of why manuscripts and codices flow in only one direction here, and I may have need of a translator.”
Lars nodded. “I am at your service.”

Esme, taking advantage of a lull in her mother’s conversation, urged her donkey forward. “Mother, did you see the elephants up ahead?”
Serafina smiled. “They are hard to miss.”
Esme rushed on, ignoring her mother’s jest.
“I thought I might ask Lars to translate for me as I question their handlers about the elephants’ lives in the wild.”
“We will be here for several days. There will be time for all we wish to do,” Serafina assured her daughter.
Esme shook her head. “But the elephants may only be passing through.”
“I promise you, they have not come so far from the interior to pass through. There will be other animals here that will garner your interest as well. You need not worry.”
Esme could see that arguing would do no good. Besides, her mother was usually right. There would be time to see everything. Cosmos, Alekos’ brother, had learned a little of the Tara language. Perhaps he could be persuaded to act as her translator.

Shalin lagged behind a bit, looking at the market’s various sections. There were areas set up for cloth and jewelry, others for salt slabs and ivory tusks. The city was surrounded by holding pens for animals and walled caravansary enclosures. She knew that her mother’s interests coincided with her own. Serafina was determined to find out who was collecting books here. As long as she stayed close to her mother she was sure to find the manuscripts on ancient astrology and ancient cities that would unlock the secrets within her ring.
The Henge travelers passed by circles of tents and sheds housing merchandise and slaves. So many different cultures were represented here, each with its unique costumes and language. Even the various scents that wafted through the air were varied, exotic and spoke of foreign places and their foods. The smell of camels and donkeys predominated, with cooking odors a close second. The marketplace was a myriad of colors and sounds, the whole world come together in this remote city.
Sergeant Weaver insisted on everyone staying together in the marketplace, at least until a place to sleep within the city was agreed upon.
Lars questioned a few sellers of gold about possible lodging, believing they were most likely local traders and would know about available accommodations.
“Do you know of a place that would house thirteen of us here for a few days?” he asked a man who sold gold in packets of dust.
Lars translated as the man spoke. “My brother-in-law has such a place on the northern edge of the city. He usually lets it to ivory buyers, but you lot look all right. I will ask him.”
The man returned from the nearby stall of his brother-in-law a few moments later and said he had made them a very good deal.
The price seemed a little high to Lars, but Serafina accepted it without bickering. Sergeant Weaver arranged to send one of his men along with the gold seller to check on the accommodations and asked Serafina where she was headed next so he could advise his man as to where to find them.
Serafina pointed to a line of sheds just off the market square. “We will go next to view the slaves for sale.”

Chapter 36

Timbitu

In Timbitu, slaves held for auction were housed in sheds near the marketplace. Lars the Trader, Sergeant Weaver, one of his soldiers, Serafina and the twins were stopped at the door to a shed by a Tara man armed with a sword.
“We plan to buy some slaves when they come up for auction,” Lars said to the man in the Tara tongue. “Do you speak the language of those inside?”
“Yes,” the man answered. “Why do you ask?”
 “We wish to buy a group from the same village if possible,” Lars said.
“Come to the auction two days from now. You may ask your questions then.”
“We would be willing to pay you to ask them some questions now,” Lars said.
The man shrugged. “Two silver coins,” the man said in his own language.
“Do you speak English?” Lars asked.
“Some,” the trader said in English.
“He speaks the language of the slaves and some English as well,” Lars told Serafina.
“He will translate our questions for two silver coins. It is too high a price, I think.”
“I will pay it.” Serafina removed two silver coins from the pocket of her leather tunic.
“We wish to see the slaves,” she told the Tara man.
They walked into the dim interior of the shed where groups of slaves sat or lay among piles of straw. They were chained one to another by their ankles with children left free to run about the shed. But most of the children stayed close to their parents, likely fearful of what would happen next.
“Are they all from the same place?” Serafina asked.
“Most from south part Eger River. When raiders come from jungle, they surrender," the Tara trader said.
The slaves numbered about thirty counting women and children. They were all very dark skinned with black curly hair and brown eyes.
Serafina spoke directly to the Tara guard. "Ask them if they would be willing to work off their selling price with seven years labor, then go free.”
The Tara man translated her question to one of the older slaves in a respectful tone of voice.
"He asks what work would be." the Tara man said in English.
Lars stepped closer to the Tara man and answered before Serafina did. "It would be mining fertilizer from caves on an island west of Eko. It is hot there. Heavy jungle. It will be hard physical labor.”
The Tara man posed the work description and nodded as he listened to the elderly slave’s reply. He turned to Serafina. "They want stay together, then go free. Will any protect them from raiders?"
"Yes.” Serafina said without hesitation. “We will keep soldiers there to protect them and the shipments of fertilizer."
The Tara guard translated and listened. "He says will work hard for stay together and freedom.” The guard paused to take his measure of Serafina. “These good workers. High price. You buy all?"
Serafina nodded. "Yes. We will come to the auction unless you wish to arrange a sale now."
"I ask. Maybe sell now. You buy, you feed," the Tara man cautioned. 
"Of course." Serafina made a small circle around the shed, taking stock of her proposed purchase.

They waited outside the shed while the Tara trader left to speak to the owner of the slaves.
"Are the children slaves, too?" Esme asked. "They do not wear shackles."
"Yes, they are slaves as well," Lars said. "The Tara men know that the children will stay close to their parents. It is not necessary to shackle them."
"Will they have to work in the caves?” Shalin asked. She knew she would not wish to work there for even one day and she was older than most of the children.
Serafina took over the discussion. "I will leave that up to their parents. They may ask them to help as they get older. But there are fifteen strong men among them. In seven years’ time, the caves should be cleared of guano. They will have earned their freedom and I will have no further use of them. They may go where they choose after that." 
Shalin saw problems ahead. "Their village has been taken over. Where will they go?"
Serafina shrugged. "I do not know. They may stay on the island if they wish. I will have no further use for it, either."
Esme looked around the shed. She caught the eye of one of the little girls. She waved and the little girl waved back.
"The guard is returning." Lars pointed to a blue-veiled man heading toward them from the market square. “We will find out what the slaves’ owner has decided.”
The Tara guard wrapped his veil tighter across the lower half of his face before speaking. Only his dark eyes were left to animate his face. “Owner says you take all – five hundred gold coins."
"All right." Serafina appeared satisfied with the price. "I will pay it. Will you take us to the owner?"
"Yes, you leave soldier here to guard. You have money now?"
"No, I will have to return to where I have left our luggage. Do you want to accompany me?"
"No, I stay. You bring money, then I take you to owner," the guard said.
"Where will we keep so many people?" Shalin asked.
"I will request the continued use of the shed until we are ready to leave," Serafina said.
"Will they have to stay shackled?" Esme asked.
"Yes." Serafina’s voice had an edge that signaled further questions would not be tolerated.

Five Henge soldiers guarded the luggage that had been removed from the donkeys once they reached Timbitu. The one who had gone to secure lodging for the night came forward and saluted Sergeant Weaver and Serafina. "I have rooms secured for all at the top of the hill," he said.
Serafina nodded. "Good. I need my treasury box. We are ready to purchase our guano workers."
Two soldiers brought out the heavy metal case that housed their currency.
"Three soldiers will be enough to take our luggage to our rooms," Sergeant Weaver told Serafina. “The other two will come back with us to carry the treasury.”
As they walked back to the shed, Lars spoke softly to Serafina. "The Tara traders are usually trustworthy but five hundred gold coins is a great deal of money. It is good you have soldiers to protect you."
Serafina agreed. "We must soon look into our options for a return to Eko. Perhaps we should ask our Tara guards if a voyage downriver by raft is feasible."

The Tara guard, along with the single Henge soldier, were waiting outside the shed when they returned. They were both chewing kola nuts.
"Do you have money?” the guard asked.
"Yes.” Serafina pointed to the treasury box. "We have the money. You may take us to the slaves’ owner. Our soldier will stand watch."
The Tara guard walked briskly to a tall mud-plastered house with structural wooden beams protruding from the sides.
"Here lives owner of slaves. You go inside," the Tara guard said. He leaned against the side of the house and made no attempt to accompany them into the slave owner’s house.
Sergeant Weaver entered first, his hand held loosely on the hilt of his sword. Serafina and Lars followed with the twins close behind. Two Henge soldiers carried the treasury box and brought up the rear.
Inside the house which was lavishly decorated with silk lounging pillows, bronze sculptures and low wooden tables, sat a woman dressed in an orange silk shift. Her skin was the color of honey, her eyes light brown and her face fine-featured. She wore no veil or scarf to shield her identity.
"We wish to speak to the owner of the slaves," Lars said in the Tara tongue.
"I am she," the woman replied in English.

Chapter 37

City of Timbitu

Shalin and Esme stood in the entry way of a luxurious home in the middle of Timbitu looking with interest at this woman who trafficked slaves. As surprising as that fact was, even more remarkable was the fact that she spoke English. They hoped she would tell them more about her background, but they both knew this was a time when they were expected to remain quiet.
“I have brought the money promised for the purchase of thirty-five slaves,” Serafina said.
The woman tilted her head in acknowledgment. “Will you have refreshments? It is our custom when concluding business matters.”
Serafina smiled at her hostess. “Of course.”
The woman pointed to the colorful silk cushions about the floor and the group took seats. She dropped her hands and a servant entered with cups of tea, kola nuts, fruit and flat bread.
Serafina took a sip of tea and placed the cup on a low table. “You are a Tara woman,” she stated. 
The woman dipped her head in a polite nod.
“Is it usual in your culture for women to conduct business?” she asked.
The woman smiled. “It is customary. In our Tara culture, it is the women who inherit property from their mothers. Our men are traders and travel most of their lives. It is left for the women to run the businesses and households. One of my line was the founder of this city. Tim Abu was her name. The city was named for her when Timbitu was little more than a seasonal stopover – a migrant camp. She saw the need to provide secure storage for the goods of traveling traders and oversaw the building of sheds and corrals. Out of that grew the wealthy city you see around you.”
“Why do your men wear veils, yet you do not?” Esme asked.
Shalin stiffened, alarmed by her sister’s rash remark. If the Tara woman was offended by such insolence, their business might be terminated.
The woman smiled, obviously finding no fault in the question. “Out of mouths may come offense. Such a dangerous orifice should be covered when negotiating, as traders are wont do in their line of work.”
Serafina turned a warning glance in Esme’s direction.
Esme clasped her hand over her own mouth and the woman laughed. “You have not offended me,” she said. “How shall a girl learn to be a businesswoman if she does not ask questions?” The woman turned back to face Serafina. “I see you are a businesswoman yourself. I am pleased to make your acquaintance. My name is Timti.” 
Serafina nodded. “I am Serafina of Henge – a cold country far to the north of Africa.”
Timti put her fingers to her mouth in a thoughtful gesture before speaking. “I understand you have offered the slaves you will purchase their freedom after seven years of labor.”
Serafina nodded in confirmation. “Yes, my project should be finished by then.”
Timti put her own cup on a table and leaned forward. “You understand that the village where these people lived has been taken over by their enemies. They will have no home to return to.”
“I assumed as much.” Serafina replied.
“We feel it our responsibility to care for our slaves in their old age,” Timti said, “a reward for their years of service.”
Serafina raised an eyebrow. “And yet these people seemed eager to accept my offer of seven years’ work for their eventual freedom.”
“They may not be thinking ahead,” Timti argued. “As their owner, you must think of their futures.”
“I will not be their owner.” Serafina did not seem inclined to be drawn into a debate. “I will be their employer. It is their choice and mine.”
Timti took another sip of tea as she reflected on this. “And where will they go at the end of their seven years of indenture?”
Serafina shrugged. “Wherever they wish.”
Timti let out a deep breath. “I see you have opinions about slavery.”
“I do.” Serafina remained polite, but immovable. “I would not have slaves work for me. I believe such a practice leads to discontent and rebellion.”
Timti waved a hand to dismiss the argument. “Here in Africa, slavery is a fact of life. We must deal with it as our consciences dictate.” She made a slicing motion with her crossed hands to signal an end to the subject, then smiled. “Now tell me, how is inheritance allotted in your country?”
“In my country of Henge it is the men who inherit and run the businesses. We are fortunate to live in a port city where taxes on entry provide for us. I take rather more of an interest in business than most women there do.”
“And your daughters? Will they be allowed to seek their own way in the world?”
Serafina paused a moment before replying. “I am a sorceress by years of learning, self-taught. I encourage my daughters to acquire knowledge and follow their interests.” She gestured toward Esme.  “Esme has an interest in animals and their care.”
Esme smiled and nodded.
Serafina nodded in Shalin’s direction. “And this is Shalin who has interests in lost cities, ancient manuscripts and astrology.”
Shalin nodded as well.
“Twins who have already found their own directions. Admirable. I share your interest in acquiring knowledge as many of us here in Timbitu do. I have quite an extensive library and take every opportunity to add to it.”
“Is such a practice common here?” Serafina asked, suddenly alert. “This collecting of written works?”
Timti smiled. “Very common. I suppose you might say we compete in a fashion to acquire the most works possible. Might you be interested in seeing my library?”
“I would be extremely interested,” Serafina said.
Timti stood and gestured toward a curtain at the back of the room. “You gentlemen are welcome to come along or to stay and guard your treasury.” She acknowledged the four men who had been silent thus far.
Lars the Trader stood up, while the Sergeant and his soldiers stayed in place.

The opened curtain revealed a room full of shelves. Scrolls, codices and books filled the shelves. Two long tables were piled high with more written works, pens, inks and paint.
“This is where I employ a copier to duplicate written works. I pay a small fee to those who loan books of interest to me but choose not to sell. Such books are copied here and the originals returned to their owners.”
Shalin’s eyes grew wide with longing. How she would like to spend weeks or months reading these texts.
Timti tilted her head as she observed Shalin. “Astrology, is it?” She pulled a scroll from a crowded shelf. “This one might interest you. Predictions made by stargazers a thousand years ago.”
Shalin reached eagerly for it and unrolled it carefully.
“And for you, Esme, a codex listing the animals of Africa with drawings of each.”
Esme hugged the book to her chest before opening it.
“And for my friend, Serafina, a book on African spiritual guides, or witch doctors, as I believe they are often referred to.”
Serafina accepted the book with a slight bow.
“May we purchase books from you, or perhaps offer something in trade?” Lars asked.
“No, I never sell my books,” Timti said, but if you find one you like, I will have it copied and send it to you as a gift.”
Esme ran her fingers over the drawing of an elephant. “I like this one you chose for me.”
Timti tilted her head in assent. “Then you shall have a copy. In return you might allow me the privilege of copying one of your own books. I am interested in most subjects.”
Serafina paged through the book Timti had handed her. “I believe we all approve your choices of books for us, and we will gladly reciprocate. I can see this meeting will be the first of many. We appear to have many interests in common.”

Chapter 38

City of Timbitu

Serafina, the twins and their escorts left Timti the Slave Seller’s house with a much lighter treasury chest and the new responsibility of caring for thirty-five indentured servants.
“I will have food sent over to the shed,” Serafina told Sergeant Weaver, “for the few days we will remain here in Timbitu. You should allocate your men in shifts to guard the indentured servants. The twins and I will go to the marketplace to buy the shovels and carriers needed to mine the guano. I will ask Lars to inquire about rafts to transport our large group down the Eger River.”
Sergeant Weaver saluted and left to arrange for the needed security at the shed.
Lars the Trader walked along with Serafina and the twins in the direction of the market. “Timti was quite a surprise,” he said. “Do you think she will keep to her promise of sending copies of her books all the way to Henge?”
Serafina was quick to respond. “I believe she will. For traders, their word is their bond. I do not believe they make promises lightly.”
Lars puckered his brow. “I wish she had been willing to trade some of her books. I’m sure I could have sold them for a profit.”
Esme skipped alongside her mother, still thinking about the book she would be receiving from Timti. “I hope she will have her scribe copy the drawings as well as the text in my codex.” 
“How will I read the predictions in the book she chose for me?” Shalin asked. “I did not recognize the language.”
“I believe it was early Persian,” Serafina said. “I will help you to decipher it.”
“Do you think the predictions made so long ago will already have come and gone?”
“I do not know. Perhaps it will reveal some of the ancient astrologers’ science or at least their assumptions.” Serafina seemed a little distracted, concerned with the logistics of their return trip to Eko.
Shalin sighed. “I wish I could spend weeks here instead of days, learning new languages and reading from the many libraries.”
Serafina looked at Shalin now, giving her daughter her full attention. “We will send books for Timti to copy. Perhaps a longer visit in the future might be possible.” 
“Truly?” Shalin’s eyes sparked with hope.
“Truly. I would also enjoy availing myself of Timbitu’s libraries.”
Esme caught her mother’s attention. “And I would enjoy coming back to actually see some of Africa’s animals in closer proximity. So far I have seen most only as distant silhouettes.”
Serafina smiled. “For now, let us leave the future to the future.” She turned to Lars. “Lars, we have need of twenty shovels and sturdy light-weight carriers for the guano. The carts needed for transportation from the caves to the ship, we can purchase further along the river.”
“I believe the carriers may also be purchased further down the river.” Lars gazed out at the marketplace as he thought. “I see woven baskets as best. Even though they will wear out, they are lightweight and can be replaced with baskets woven from reeds on Bat Island.”
Serafina nodded. “And what of our need for transport downriver to Eko?”
“That should not present a problem,” Lars said. “There should be much traffic downriver. I will ask around the market as we shop for shovels.”
As they passed by a table laden with gold nuggets and sacks of gold dust, Lars stopped to ask if the dealer would be interested in buying his gold dog collars, newly purchased from Cosmos.
The well-dressed young man standing beside them at the table looked at Serafina with an anxious expression, then at Esme and Shalin with concentrated interest.
“I believe we have met before,” the man said with a graceful bow that struck a familiar chord in Shalin’s mind.
As he was staring at Serafina, it was she who answered. “I believe you are mistaken.”
The man smiled. “It was a day etched firmly in my memory,” he continued. “You are not much changed, My Lady, but I believe I am. I was not more than nine years old when we stood together at the shaking of the city of Antok. That was eight years ago. And these two I recognize only because they are duplicates of one another then as now. I thought you two were angels sent to guard me and my brother Tome, young as you were, though true to my promise I have never spoken to anyone of the miracles I witnessed that day.”
“You are Soldad de Medich.” Shalin was astonished by this chance meeting. “I remember you and your brother Tome. But you are so grown since then.”
Soldad smiled at Shalin. “As are you.”
Shalin blushed and quickly calculated his new age to be seventeen.
The shopkeeper, who had been studying the gold collars Lars had offered up for his inspection, interrupted with a few words in the Tara tongue.
Lars nodded and translated. “He offers me the same price I paid Cosmos for the gold collars.”
“The price he offers is low by half.” Soldad seemed adamant in his opinion. “I will be honored to buy your collars for double his price.”
Lars’ eyes opened wide in surprise. “I accept.”
“Perhaps we should move away to complete our transaction,” Soldad advised. “I do not wish to offend this trader with my counteroffer. I have come to Timbitu to buy all the gold I am able to purchase.”
With promises to consider his offer, they moved away from the gold seller to sit on a wall and complete their private trade.
Serafina waited until Lars had completed his sale before speaking to Soldad. “I appreciate your discretion these many years but you were very young on the day of the earthquake. You may have imagined more than the reality.”
Soldad put up his hands in a motion of surrender. “As you wish. I have no intention of breaking my promise because of this fortuitous meeting.”
Shalin remembered the day of the earthquake very well. She and Esme had used their powers to direct the falling bricks and masonry away from themselves and those close by. Soldad and his younger brother had witnessed what they believed to be a miracle and had promised never to reveal what they had seen. Evidently Soldad had kept that promise for eight years. That in itself spoke well of his honor. He had grown into a handsome young man, she noted.
“Why have you such need of gold?” Shalin asked.
“I act in the service of the Emperor of Constantinople. He means to operate a mint for the making of a new standard in gold coins. My family has been hired to procure the gold needed for the enterprise. It is both an honor and a responsibility.”
“You have come by caravan then?” Shalin asked.
“I have. And your group? How have you arrived at this distant outpost?” Soldad swept his glance around to include the four of them.
“We have come by donkey caravan,” Serafina said. “And now that your trade with Lars is concluded, we should resume our own business and allow you the same opportunity. We wish you well in your new enterprise.”
Soldad looked disappointed at this sudden leave taking, but bowed respectfully.
Shalin lingered for a moment, searching the young man’s mind. He had so many more questions he wanted to ask, as did she. Soldad might know of some ancient cities. He might know if the towns on the list Electra had given her were real or fictional.
“Come along, Shalin.” Serafina was already moving away. “We have much more to accomplish this day.”
Reluctantly, Shalin turned away to follow her mother.

Chapter 39

City of Timbitu

The twins found their new lodgings quite comfortable compared to the sodden thatched huts and tents they had become accustomed to on their trek through West Africa’s grasslands. They had their own room in a mud brick complex located high up on Timbitu’s hillside.
As they were somewhat removed from the activity of the square and the animal pens, the air was fresher and the dry heat less oppressive. From a cut-out window they could see the Eger River far below as it snaked around the bottom of the hill.
“I had questions I wished to ask Soldad,” Shalin complained to her sister. “Mother rushed us away before I had a chance to speak.”
Esme grinned. “Likely because he has seen us using our powers. She thinks he might tell someone.”
“Why would she think that? He has kept his promise not to tell for eight years,” Shalin reminded Esme.
Esme shrugged. “He knows now that we were not apparitions or angels sent to protect him. He may be curious to know more.”
Shalin frowned. “Anyone can see that he values his honor and will keep his word.”
“Perhaps only you see that.” Esme smiled. “You like him, do you not?”
Shalin’s frown deepened. “I only think him honorable. He is well-traveled. He may know about ancient cities.”
“Then let us go and speak to him,” Esme grinned in a way that irritated Shalin.
Shalin shook her head. “You know mother will never allow it.”
“Have you so little imagination?” Esme asked. “I will obtain her permission.”
“How?  Will you lie?”
Esme put on a mischievous face. “Of course not. Just come along and keep silent.”
They walked down the hall to their mother’s open door. The room was lined with shovels and scoops. Serafina sat on her bed, perusing a list before looking up at her visitors.
“Come in, girls, I am just taking stock of what we still need to purchase here in Timbitu.”
“May I go to see the camels and elephants?” Esme asked.
Serafina sighed. “Not just now. I do not want you going out alone and at present all the soldiers are occupied with our indentured servants.”
“Shalin could go with me,” Esme suggested.
Serafina looked at Shalin. They all knew Shalin did not share her sister’s intense interest in animals.
Shalin shrugged. “I suppose I could go. I have nothing else to do.”
Serafina frowned and let out a deep breath. “All right. But stay together and do not make any show of your powers unless your lives are in danger. And be back here before dark.”
Both girls nodded, their faces solemn and guileless.

As they left their rented quarters, Shalin asked, “Are we really going to see the camels?”
“Yes, of course.” Esme faced her sister with an inquisitive expression. “Where do you think your young friend will be if not the caravansary?”
“He is not my young friend,” Shalin protested.
Esme shrugged. “Whatever you say.”

As they  neared the large caravansary, they realized they might never locate Soldad here. The caravansary was huge with different sections spread out in every direction. The walled enclosures covered the lower hillside all the way to the river below. Esme was immediately distracted by the trumpeting of elephants off to the east.
“Let us go and see an elephant up close.” Esme’s face mirrored her excitement. “Perhaps we might be allowed to touch one.”
Knowing one direction was as good as another, Shalin agreed. “All right. Perhaps we will find someone who speaks English and we can inquire about Soldad’s caravan.”
They walked atop the walls separating various animals in the direction of the trumpeting. From the height of the walls, they could see the colorful tents of many nations. Camels abounded and some looked up at them curiously as they passed through. A few people waved from their campsites.
They reached an enclosure which held four elephants and stopped to take in the immensity of the beasts. As they sat on the wall, one of the elephants reached out to Esme with its trunk.
Delighted, Esme stroked the trunk and put kind thoughts of brushing its coat into the elephant’s mind.
Engrossed in their encounter with the elephant, the twins were unaware of the young man running towards them until he was quite close.
Shalin looked to her side to see Soldad smiling and waving as he approached.
Soldad took a moment to catch his breath. “My men told me they saw two identical girls running along the walls.” He took in a deep gulp of air. “I knew it had to be you.”
“And so it is.” Shalin smiled at her new friend. “Will you join us?”
“I would be honored.” He quickly took a seat on the wall. “I feared I might not see you again after all these years of wondering whether you were mortal beings or angels sent to protect Tome and me.”
Shalin laughed. “We are quite mortal, I assure you.” She looked at him for a second, taking in his dark eyes and patrician face. He really was quite handsome. “I had hoped to see you again as well.”
“You had?” Soldad clasped his hand to his chest in surprise.
Shalin smiled at Soldad. “You are quite well-traveled, I believe. I have an interest in ancient cities and hoped that you might know of some.”
Soldad returned her smile. “As it happens I live in an ancient city. I am sure you have heard of Constantinople, formerly known as Byzantium and a thousand years before that, known as Lygos.”
Shalin shook her head. “No, I have not heard of it.”
Soldad seemed surprised. “But you are also well-traveled. We met before in Antok. It is not so far from Constantinople.”
“My travels have been much curtailed of late.” Shalin did not want to get into the subject of her house arrest. “Though we have come now from Eko and have seen a good bit of Africa’s grasslands.”
Soldad nodded. “You would find Constantinople holds more comforts than the grasslands. It is a major center of trade.”
Shalin remembered the list Electra had given her and the first name on that list. “Might you know of an ancient town called Bethleem?”
Again, Shalin saw the surprise on Soldad’s face. “Yes, of course. It is called Bethlehem in your language. It is the birthplace of the Christ.”
Shalin thought of the garden Electra had named Yeshua’s Bower. “Does the Christ have other names?”
“Many,” Soldad said. “Messiah, Redeemer, Savior, Prince of Peace.”
“Those sound more like titles than names.” Shalin tried to remember if Electra had attached any of these honorifics to Yeshua’s name.
“Ah, you seek family names. He has many names in many languages –Jezi, Yesus, Joshua, Yeshua…”
Shalin held up her hand. “Yeshua. That is the name I seek. He was a real person, then? Not a fictional person from a fictional tragedy?”
“Not to those of us who are Christians, of which I am one,” Soldad said resolutely, moving his hand up and down, then back and forth over his chest in some sort of formal gesture.
Esme tugged on Shalin’s arm to get her attention. When Shalin turned, Esme pointed to the gate of the elephants’ enclosure. “There is Lars the Trader. I think he may have come to find us.”
Lars moved carefully along the wall of the enclosure, giving the elephants as wide a berth as the pen allowed. He gestured to the twins with his hand – a beckoning motion. “You must come at once,” he called out when he was halfway across the enclosure. “Your mother is very ill.”
“That is impossible,” both twins said at the same time.
In their entire twelve years of life they had never seen their mother sick. She always seemed to have a quiet but intense energy that bristled just below the surface.
“She is delirious with fever.” Lars insisted. “There is no time to waste.”
The twins jumped down from the wall and Soldad quickly followed. “I will come, too,” he said. 

Chapter 40

City of Timbitu

The twins raced with Lars and Soldad back up the hill to their lodgings. The sun was low in the sky when they reached their mother’s room. Lars the Trader spoke the truth. Serafina lay burning with fever, murmuring jumbled words with her eyes closed.
Shalin and Esme looked with disbelief at their mother lying helpless on a cot. She had always been a tower of strength. It did not seem possible that any sickness could conquer such fortitude.
Esme pulled up her mother’s eyelids, checking for signs that might help her to diagnose this disease. All her lessons from the school of medicine came rushing back.
Soldad inched closer. “It appears she has contracted the bad air disease, malaria. The disease is very common here in West Africa, especially in the floodplains – the region you have recently traversed.”
Esme glared at Soldad. “Are you a physician?”
“No, certainly not,” he said quickly, “though I have seen cases of malaria among my camel pullers.”
“I will be right back.” Esme rushed to reach the door. “I need to get my medical bag. Both of you, stay clear. It may be a contagious disease.”
As soon as Esme left, Shalin moved closer to Soldad. “Is malaria contagious?” she whispered.
“No, I do not believe so,” he whispered back. “Your sister is a physician?”
“She has been studying medicine at Helsop’s school of medicine. She knows quite a bit about curing animal sickness. But I do not believe either of us has ever heard of this disease called malaria.”
“It was called Roman fever a few hundred years ago. One of the reasons the Roman Empire, what remained of it, relocated to Constantinople,” Soldad said, still keeping his voice low.
“Have you a physician in your caravan?” Shalin asked hopefully.
“Sadly, no,” Soldad said very softy as Esme rushed back into the room with her medical bag.
“She has a yellowish cast.” Esme dropped her medical bag at the side of the bed and clasped her hands together. “How I wish Electra were here.”
“Should I go to try to find a physician here in Timbitu?” Shalin asked her sister.
“Not yet. Let me try to bring her fever down first. I have white willow and meadow sweet. Let me see how she reacts to those.”
“I will say a prayer to Yeshua and one to His mother, the Virgin Mary, as well,” Soldad offered.
“His mother, the virgin?” Esme’s face turned an angry red. “Do you find this a time for levity?”
“No. Certainly not.” Soldad shrunk back against the wall. “Why would you think—“ He stopped for a moment, realizing how odd that must sound to a non-Christian. “Of course this is a time for solemn vows.”
Esme went back to her work and Shalin gestured Soldad to follow her out of the room.
Outside the door, Shalin whispered to Soldad. “Esme is very worried, as am I. Our mother has never been sick before.”
“Never?” Soldad said. “Is she, ah, like you in her powers to do amazing things?”
“No, but she is quite amazing in her own way,” Shalin assured him. She was quiet for a moment, thinking. “Perhaps if I spoke with the woman we visited earlier today – Timti – she would have some advice. She has a vast library of books and learning. Do you know of her?”
“Everyone knows of Timti. Her ancestors established the city,” Soldad said. “That is a very good idea. I may be able to help in another way. We carry sweet wormwood from China which is used to treat the disease there. Many here in Africa buy it to have on hand, though the Africans seem to carry some immunity to the dread disease.”
“Please, bring it as soon as you can. I will tell Esme I plan to visit Timti. She was very kind to us.”
“Yes, perhaps you should tell Esme that Timti was the one to suggest the Chinese herb. I fear your sister has taken a distrust of me.”
“It is only that she is so afraid for our mother’s life. I share her anxiety.”
“I will go at once and meet you back here with the sweet wormwood. Will you be safe going alone to Timti’s residence?”
“I will take Lars the Trader with me,” Shalin said. “And thank you.”
Soldad smiled. “I am still in your debt. You saved my life, you and your sister.”
Soldad took off at a run as Shalin moved quietly back into her mother’s room. Esme was busy pressing drops of a tincture into Serafina’s mouth.
Shalin wrung out a towel after dunking it into the water jar by the bed. She placed it on her mother’s forehead. “I thought I might find Lars and go with him to Timti’s house. Perhaps, since the disease is common here, she will have books in her library on how to treat it. Or perhaps she will know herself of a remedy.”
Esme nodded. “That is a good idea. Though I would not be so quick to believe Soldad can recognize the disease at a glance. He says himself he has no medical training. How is it we have never heard of this disease if it is so common?”
“I do not know.” Shalin spoke in a calm voice. “Shall I go then to visit Timti. Shall I ask her about physicians living here? Perhaps bring one back who is familiar with the disease?” She spoke very gently, not wanting to further increase her sister’s anxiety.
Esme looked up at her sister, her face awash in tears. “Yes, bring whatever help you can find. I fear we are losing our mother.”
Shalin watched as her mother’s features tensed in some sort of spasm. She began to tremble as though shivering even though she had burned with fever only a moment ago. “Will you be all right here alone, Esme?”
Esme swished her hand in a dismissive motion. “Yes. Just go quickly and return quickly.”
“I will,” Shalin promised. She ran down the hall, calling Lars’ name since she did not know which room he was in.
Sergeant Weaver came out from a room. He looked at Shalin with pity in his face. “Lars has gone to find a physician. He told me Serafina has taken ill. Is there anything I can do?”
“Yes, will you come with me back to Timti’s residence? I want to see if she knows of a cure for the disease of malaria. Have you heard of it?”
“I have not heard of it, but I will gladly accompany you to Timti’s house, or I will go in your stead if you wish to stay here and wait for Lars to return with a physician.”
“No, I will go with you. Timti and I have a bit of a friendship now and she seems to have vast resources at her disposal. I think she may be able to help.” 

They hurried down the sloping road and arrived at Timti’s house a few minutes later. A servant ushered them into Timti’s vast library, where she was speaking to one of her book copiers.
“One of the twins,” Timti said with a smile. “I would not venture a guess as to which one. You look too much alike.”
“Please excuse my late interruption; I am Shalin, here to ask yet another favor of you.” Her breathing was ragged from her run across Timbitu.
“You must sit and rest.” Timti gestured to a nearby bench. “What sort of favor?”
“My mother, Serafina, has suddenly fallen ill. I am told she may have malaria by one who has seen a victim with similar symptoms. I hope that with your vast array of codices, you might have reference to an antidote.”
“Malaria, is it? Certainly the disease is well known here, but I fear there is no cure as yet. Some say garlic helps, but the results are far from universal.”
“Garlic.” Shalin was surprised that such a common herb might be helpful. “We will certainly try it. Ingested?”
“Yes.” Timti paused a moment to think. “I could call on my personal physician if you like. I am sure he would be willing to offer his assistance. Where are you staying?”
“We are at the visitors’ lodging at the top of the hill. The large mudbrick structure,” Shalin said.
Timti nodded. “I know it well. I will send word to Physician Gwafa without delay.”
Timti spoke to her book copier in another language and he quickly bowed and left the library.
Shalin made a slight bow. “We appreciate your help more than I can say.”
Timti waved her hand back and forth. “It is nothing. Is there something more I might do?”
Shalin worried her bottom lip before speaking. “Have you heard of an herb called sweet wormwood?” 
“Yes I have,” Timti said. “And I believe some have found it an effective treatment for malaria. Wait just one moment and let me check a book that mentions the herb.”

When Shalin and Sergeant Weaver returned to their rented rooms, they were met by Lars the Trader. He appeared anxious and weary. He said, “The physicians are all in the room with Esme and Serafina.” He ran his fingers through his disheveled hair.
“Two physicians?” Shalin asked.
“Three, at last count,” Lars said, “and Esme a fourth. I fear there is no agreement among them. I’ve been sent for blankets, but I will return at once to act as translator. None of the three physicians speaks English.” Lars paused for a second. “And Soldad has returned. He is waiting for you outside Serafina’s room.”

Chapter 41

City of Timbitu

As Shalin walked to Serafina’s room beside Sergeant Weaver, she noticed that the Sergeant had slowed his steps. He looked from left to right, possibly hoping to find a means of escape. He seemed reluctant to take part in a medical situation.
Shalin slowed her steps to match his. “I believe three physicians should suffice. Thank you for accompanying me to Timti’s residence, but now I should release you to check on our indentured servants.”
Sergeant Weaver did not argue with Shalin’s command. He seemed relieved to obey, and left with a short bow to Shalin and a nod to Soldad who waited outside the door to Serafina’s room.
“Have you brought the wormwood?” Shalin asked Soldad, looking at the cloth bundle he held in his hands.
“Yes.”  He handed it to her. “It must be soaked in cold water, then the herb infused water poured out into a bowl. The water from it will have a bitter taste and should be drunk in small sips.”
Shalin took hold of the knob on the door to her mother’s room. “That is the same advice I have just had from one of Timti’s reference books. Will you come in with me?”
Soldad hung back. “I do not wish to further irritate your sister.”
“We need you to translate until Lars returns. I am told there are three physicians inside and none speaks our language.”
Soldad nodded. “I have heard voices raised in argument.”
Shalin took a deep breath and entered the room with Soldad close behind.
Esme, glaring fiercely at the three physicians, seemed to be guarding her mother from the physicians’ advances. “Thank the fates you are returned.” Esme gestured Shalin and Soldad inside. “Two of these wish to put leeches to work on our mother while a third wishes to allow her fever to increase to dangerous levels.”
“One is likely sent by Timti at my request.” Shalin looked at the three physicians but could not guess which one might have been sent by Timti. “He is Timti’s personal physician. But I also have advice from Timti’s great library.” She held up the bundle Soldad had given her. “This is sweet wormwood from China which has proved helpful in cases of malaria there. Do all the three physicians agree that it is indeed malaria which has infected our mother?”
“Yes, on that they agree.” Esme relaxed her stance somewhat. “Have you directions from Timti on how to use the wormwood?”
“I believe you soak the herb in cold water, then have the patient drink the altered water. But Soldad has offered to translate. He can ask Timti’s physician, Physician Gwafa, if that is his understanding as well.”
Esme looked at Soldad and nodded her assent. 
Soldad addressed the three physicians in the Tara language which all seemed to understand. The three relaxed a bit as he spoke and two of the three set down the jars of leeches they had been holding. The third held out his hand and unwrapped the herb Shalin handed to him.
“Physician Gwafa says he has used the sweet wormwood before to treat the disease,” Soldad translated. “They all agree we are fortunate to have this herb available as it is difficult to come by here in West Africa.”
They watched as Physician Gwafa crumpled the herb into a bowl of cold water and covered it with the same cloth that had held the precious plant.
Lars came through the door carrying blankets and stopped short to find everyone quiet. He looked at Serafina and seemed relieved to find her still shivering. “Shall I cover her with more blankets?” he asked Esme.
Esme pointed to one of the physicians. “Ask Physician Gwafa. I trust him more than the other two.”
Lars translated his question, then took two blankets from his pile and handed them to Esme. “He says he believes we should keep the patient warm and let the fever do its work. He says this new herb will be a great help but it must steep first for a time to do its best work. The other two physicians do not seem inclined to disagree with him.”
Esme took the two blankets, shook each one out thoroughly and then tucked each around her shivering patient. “Tell the other two doctors we thank them for coming and giving us their advice. Give them each whatever payment they request and tell them we will call on them if we have further need of their services. Ask Physician Gwafa if he will stay to continue his treatment.”
After translating Esme’s words, Lars left with the two rejected physicians to be paid for their services.
Esme, Shalin and Soldad settled in to keep vigil while Physician Gwafa monitored his patient and from time to time stuck a finger into the bowl of wormwood water, then sucked on his finger to gauge its bitterness.
Shalin sat between Esme and Soldad on the floor of the room with their backs against the wall in a space free of shovels. “What more can we do to help?” she asked.
 “I do not know.” Esme threw up her hands in a gesture of desperation. “We cannot travel while she is so ill and yet we cannot stay long with thirty-five indentured servants waiting to begin work.”
“You have purchased thirty-five indentures here?” Soldad asked before he could stop himself.
Shalin saw in his mind that he wished at once that he had held his tongue.
“Not that it is anything to do with you, but yes, we have.” Esme sunk her head onto her bended knees. “And we are now responsible for their care.”
“Of course, you are correct. It is none of my affair, but I still look for opportunities to be of service, seeing as how I am indebted to you for my life and that of my brother Tome.”
Esme sighed. “You really must absolve yourself of that responsibility. For all our sakes.”
“Alas, I cannot,” Soldad said, with a sincere expression.
“Perhaps you could be of service.” Shalin turned to face Soldad, who sat beside her. “If these herbs work as we hope, and we are able to leave soon, we might call upon your experience as a seasoned trader and traveler. We will need to hire a great many rafts to carry us all downriver and back to the port of Eko where our ship awaits, or finding that impossible, you might suggest a second option. 
Soldad nodded. “I believe such a journey by raft would be preferable to a donkey caravan which would be your only other option. The river is high now and the current fast flowing. There will likely be many traveling to trade downriver now. It would be best to reserve your rafts as soon as possible. Who among you has authority to make such decisions?”
Shalin and Esme looked at one another as thoughts flew between them. Lars would be able to negotiate, though he had never been here before. Sergeant Weaver really had no authority to make decisions other than those necessary for their safety and well-being. Serafina made all the important decisions. Did that mean that her daughters were now in charge? Were they ready for such a great responsibility?
Shalin felt the silence had held for too long a time. “It would certainly be wise to look into the availability of rafts as soon as possible. That way we could have a plan in place to present to Mother as soon as she regains her senses.”

Chapter 42

City of Timbitu

The twins spent the night in their mother’s room. Esme had watched Physician Gwafa’s treatments until she felt comfortable taking over and had released him until the next morning. Soldad had left with the physician, promising to meet Shalin down by the river rafts the next morning.
Shalin opened one eye and stretched her back which felt a little numb from sleeping on the hard stone floor all night. She looked up to find Esme already at work, tipping drops of sweet wormwood water into her mother’s mouth.
“Is she better?” Shalin asked, sitting up with her blanket pulled around her.
Esme nodded. “She is still in a fever sleep but the shivering has lessened somewhat.”
“Have you eaten anything?” Shalin asked.
Esme stopped a moment to think. “Not since lunch yesterday.”
 Shalin looked down to see she was still wearing her clothes from the night before. “I will fetch us some breakfast. Then I will find Lars and we will meet Soldad down at the river. I do not know what arrangements we can make until we know when Mother will be able to travel, but I want to take advantage of Soldad’s experience while I have the chance.”
Esme frowned. “I am sure Lars has as much experience as Soldad. It bothers me that he is so determined to repay us for saving his life. Does he not seem a bit of a nuisance to you?”
“I find his efforts admirable. But I admit to an ulterior motive. He is a follower of Yeshua and he knows something of the area where the miracle worker was said to have lived and died. Such miracles smack of magic or otherworldly knowledge. I believe there may be a tie there to the spells embedded in my ring.”
“Beware of fanatics,” Esme warned. “And beware of becoming one yourself,” she added with a slight smile.
Shalin stood beside her mother’s bed and placed her hand on her mother’s forehead. “Good morning, Mother. If you can hear me, it is a sign you are recuperating.” She turned to her sister. “I will try to find some food and bring it back. Do you think she could take in some broth?”
Esme considered this for a moment before making her decision. “Not yet. I want to wait until she opens her eyes.”

Shalin found a kitchen of sorts where one could prepare food, but no place to buy something already prepared. She went to find Lars.
Lars opened his door when Shalin knocked. “Good morning,” he said, stifling a yawn. “How is Serafina?”
“We think a little better. Esme is with her and Physician Gwafa should be returning shortly. I hoped to find us some breakfast but I found only an empty kitchen. Do you know where our supplies are stored, or a place where we might find food?”
“Yes, there is a runner I met yesterday. A young boy who will run to the marketplace and bring back food for a fee. He stays just outside the gate.”
“Good.” Shalin took some coins from her pocket. “Will you send out for breakfast for all of us? And after we have eaten, will you come with me down to the river to see what transportation is available for hire? Soldad has agreed to meet us there and lend what expertise he has. We have thirty-five extra people now to feed and care for. We must be ready to travel as soon as Mother is able.”
Lars yawned again and pocketed the coins she gave him. “I am ever at your service,” he said with a grin.

After they had eaten a large breakfast of cous cous and eggs in Serafina’s room, Lars stood up and studied Serafina for a time. “She is breathing more normally now and sleeping more restfully. I believe she will be awake and ready to travel in a few days’ time.”
“Let us go then and see what options we have for a return to Eko.” Shalin looked at Esme. “Do you want to go with us? We can wait for physician Gwafa to arrive to take your place at bedside.”
“No, I will stay here with mother,” Esme said. “I feel she needs protection from physicians who may wish to try doubtful treatments as well as protection from the disease itself.”
Shalin smiled. “Are you then one of those suspect physicians?”
Esme laughed, though she tried not to. “I hope not. Try to get us rafts that actually float while you are about it.”
Shalin patted her mother’s hand and left with Lars the Trader.

Soldad waited at the river’s edge. He was speaking to a man who stood before several reed boats pulled up on the wide sand beach that followed a curve in the river.
Soldad smiled and waved when he saw Shalin and Lars walking toward him. “Good morning,” he called out. “How fares your mother?” 
“We think she is improving. We are in your debt for the wormwood,” Shalin said.
“It was a small thing.” Soldad flipped up the fingers of his right hand in a dismissive gesture. His smile vanished as he tilted his head in the direction of the reed boats. “I believe we may have a problem. It seems the river takes a drop in elevation not too far from here. The river runs down a narrow gorge with white water rapids that make navigation by any craft impossible. The rafts and supplies must be carried down the side of the gorge and then reset in the stream. Thus, the rafts must be light enough to carry. It will be a great inconvenience, no?”
“That means no large rafts.” Lars grimaced. “That could be a problem.”
“Sadly, that is the case,” Soldad agreed. “With so many indentures to transport, it will mean splitting them up into perhaps ten or fifteen small craft. Of course this man recommends reed boats as those are what he has to offer, but we will need to deal with other vendors as well for so many boats.”
Both men looked at Shalin. She felt ill equipped to make any decisions. She glanced at Lars. “Do you think our indentured servants will try to run away if we split them up into so many small boats?”
Lars shrugged. “I do not think so. It would be foolish to run away from the supplies and try to live off the land, though I suppose there are fish enough in the river. But what choice do we have?”
“None, it would seem.” Shalin gazed out at the river, golden in the morning light. “I suppose we could try to rent donkeys to go back the way we came, but that would take longer and carry the same risks.”
“Shall I ask if the boat vendor knows of twenty more reed boats to sell? He has only four. Or, we could walk along the river, see for ourselves and avoid paying him a commission,” Soldad suggested.
Shalin nodded, still deep in thought about the new problem they faced. “Yes, let us walk a little way and see if other boat vendors agree with this man’s assessment of the gorge.”

Chapter 43

Timbitu

The Eger River flowed from west to east beside the city of Timbitu. Shalin and Soldad decided to walk in the direction of the river’s flow, toward the notorious gorge.
There were a few fishing boats on the river, but surprisingly little water traffic for such a large river. 
As Shalin and Soldad walked away along the beach in search of rafts, Lars the Trader called out behind them. “I want to take a closer look at these reed boats. I will catch up to you.”
Shalin gave a wave as they slowed their steps to allow Lars to catch up. “Have you ever traveled by reed boat?” she asked Soldad.
He laughed. “By reed boat, wooden boat, leather boat, burned out tree trunk, bamboo raft, goatskin raft…” He stopped and pointed at a log caught up in the current. “Once I was saved by just such a log after our ship floundered at sea.”
“You have traveled all your life, then,” Shalin said.
“Yes, until recently, always at my father’s side.”
“And now he has sent you on your own expedition.”
Soldad nodded. “It is a new experience for me, being on my own without Father or Tome.”
“Have you ever been to the places mentioned in Yeshua’s history? To Bethleem?  Or Jerusalem?”
“Yes, I went once on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. It was about three years ago. It was a sad, but memorable experience.”
“Why sad?” Shalin asked.
“Yeshua’s people no longer control the area. It is now under the rule of a Musta Caliph. But we were treated with kindness and shown the places where Yeshua walked and died. We saw the remains of the great Temple.”
“And there is no doubt in your mind that Yeshua performed the miracles attributed to him?”
Soldad looked at Shalin with surprise. “You of all people should believe miracles possible. I have counted you an angel all my life.”
Shalin laughed. “As you have just witnessed, I am unable to cure malaria in my own mother. Curing leprosy, bringing the dead back to life? I believe such acts are unknown in history.”
Soldad looked out over the wide river. “And yet these miracles were witnessed by many of his followers. His apostles died for holding fast to their faith in Yeshua.” He turned to face Shalin. “We Christians believe Yeshua to be God Incarnate.”
“Are there many who believe as you?” Shalin asked.
“Many in Constantinople,” he said. “We have been a city of believers for many hundreds of years.”
Shalin pulled out the ring hanging on a string beneath her tunic. “I have this ring from my cousin, Electra. We believe it is the work of ancient astrologers who lived thousands of years ago. I am interested in learning more about who might have crafted such a ring and what its purpose might be. Do you think these ancient towns that Yeshua traveled might hold the key to such a mystery?”
Soldad looked closely at the ring. “It is certainly very old and a great treasure. As to where it was crafted – I will try to find out more. The gold is pure and the design intricate. I will search for its like in my travels now that I have seen it.” He let the ring fall back to her tunic. “Is this ring, then, the source of your powers?”
Shalin shook her head. “No. What powers I have, I was born with. Mother has heard of others who have like abilities.”
“I have yet to meet any other than you and your twin,” Soldad contended. “And I have met many people in my travels.”
“Perhaps like Esme and I, they prefer not to display their powers unless they are needed.”
Soldad’s expression exposed his doubt. “Perhaps. Do you intend to go to Bethleem and Jerusalem in your search for your ring’s origin?”
Shalin took a deep breath. “I am not free yet to go where I please. But yes, in time, or given the opportunity, I hope to go wherever the roots of ancient astrology lead me.”
“Then you must come to Constantinople as soon as you are able. We are besotted with history. I could show you many ancient sites beneath our city and in the regions close by. And in spite of our belief in Yeshua as the one and true God, astrology still lives in and about the city. It is a source of vexation to our holy men.” He smiled. “Up ahead, I see some rafts pulled ashore. Perhaps their owner will have a different picture to paint about what lies downstream from here.”
Shalin and Soldad quickened their pace. They reached the rafts just as Lars the Trader caught up to them.
Lars pointed to the rafts as he walked up to join them. “Now these would hold five or six people each,” he noted.
They looked around for the owner of the rafts, but saw no one.
Lars tried to pick up a corner of the raft without success. “If we had to carry one of these overland past the gorge, I think we would be in trouble,” Lars said. “Two strong men could portage a reed boat, but not this one made of hardwood.”
“Shall we look further down the river?” Shalin asked.
Lars shook his head. “I think it is time we revisit your friend Timti. She will no doubt know how others manage a voyage downstream.”
Soldad nodded his agreement. “A good suggestion. No one has better access to the resources of this area than Timti with her renowned library.”
“Did you find out anything more about the rental of the reed boats?” Shalin asked Lars.
Lars nodded. “He said we would have to buy the boats. They are not for rent for such a journey as we are undertaking as he has no way of retrieving them. And he said he doubted there were so many as we needed available to sell.”
Shalin thought for a moment. “Perhaps we could rent the rafts to travel as far as the gorge, then go by foot to below the gorge and rent rafts further downstream to travel the remainder of the way back to Eko.”
Lars nodded. “It is time to find someone we can trust to give us reliable information.”
“Timti,” Shalin and Soldad said at the same time.

They arrived at Timti’s residence only to find she had left to take soup to Serafina.
“Please join us for lunch,” Shalin said to Soldad. “I will stop at the market square and buy enough food for all. Hopefully we will find Timti still at our lodging.”
Carrying bags full of food after visiting the market’s vendors, they entered Serafina’s room to find Timti, Esme, Physician Gwafa and Serafina all sipping bowls of garlic soup.
“Mother, you are recovered,” Shalin cried out, rushing to hug her mother.
Serafina squeezed her daughter’s hand feebly. “I see you were worried, Shalin. It was a formidable experience and has left me quite weak, but yes, I believe I will recover. What have the three of you been about?”
“We have been looking into a return to Eko and decided we needed Timti’s advice about what awaits us downstream.”
Everyone turned to face Timti.
Timti set her bowl of soup on the floor beside her. “You plan a return by river?”
“Yes, but we will be many as you know,” Shalin said.
Timti nodded. “You will travel three days on boat or raft before encountering the gorge. It is a narrow, rocky cascade, impossible to navigate by any conveyance. A steep drop of over 1000 feet over a short distance. You will need to climb down carefully along a steep path where you may continue by raft or boat. The land close to the river is lush with grass and trees but just beyond is barren wasteland. There will be fish and game and water, but all else you will need to carry with you.”
Serafina stared out without focus, picturing their route in her mind before speaking.
“It is time our indentured servants begin to earn their keep.” She scanned the group and her eyes fell on Lars the Trader.
“Lars, would you inform Sergeant Weaver that he is to provide our new hires with reeds to begin weaving long strands of rope and twine. We will hire rafts and guides to take us as far as the top of the gorge. Then we will travel on foot to calm waters where our new hires will construct rafts from the trees available. Barter for whatever else we will need in the marketplace. We will leave in two days.”
Shalin and Esme exchanged delighted glances. Their mother was back in charge.

Chapter 44

Port of Eko


The morning of Eko’s annual Yam Festival donned clear and warm. Phinn and his acting troupe came ashore early, unwilling to miss any part of this much anticipated event.
“You have the yams?” Phinn asked Bear.
Bear patted the bulging sack at his feet. “Yams both cooked and raw – right here.”
Phinn turned to his friend Tom. “And you brought the black box?”
“Angie’s keepin’ her eye on it over by the tent,” Tom said, motioning in the direction of the tent set up the day before to house their costumes and instruments.
Phinn nodded. “Next time we come here we’ll put on a proper show. This time we’ll just do the one trick and blend in with their celebration. We don’t know enough about their customs yet to take a chance on insulting them without meaning to.”
“Are you and Drake gonna play your new drums with them?” Smiles asked.
“Absolutely,” Phinn said. “We’ve been practicing with them, so they’ll expect it.” After a second of thought he added, “I hope.”

Over at the actors’ tent, the ladies of the acting troupe were busy getting into their costumes.
“What if only members of the tribe are allowed to wear these costumes at the festival?” Juanita asked her best friend, Esmeralda.
“We bought them here in the marketplace.” Esmeralda picked through the clothes in a trunk, trying to find the right skirt. “They must know we plan to wear them to the festival. Besides, the Chief said we were part of the tribe now, ‘cause of our dancing with ‘em and all.”
Juanita pursed her lips as she emptied a bag of accessories on the floor of the tent. “Maybe we shouldn’t be so fast to join their tribe. What if they decide to go to war or something?”
Esmeralda looked at her friend with an amazed expression. “Why would a bunch of yam farmers and musicians decide to go to war all of a sudden? We come from Henge. We’re the ones with the big army, not them.”
Juanita shrugged. “We just don’t know much about them – that’s all.” She tied a wrap-around red skirt at her waist.
“We know they like us. Isn’t that enough?” Esmeralda asked.
Juanita pulled long strands of orange coral beads from the pile on the floor as Angie and Trixie walked into the tent.
“My, oh my.” Angie raised her hands to the sides of her face. “You two look like you were born and raised here in Eko. Those beads are lovely.”
“We have extra.” Juanita pointed to the heap of costume jewelry. “Help yourself. Where’s Peaches?”
“She’ll be along. She made a red hat for Bear as a surprise. Said all the village men would be wearin’ them. She went off to give it to him.”
“I wonder if Phinn knows about the red hats.” Juanita seemed concerned about doing everything just right. “Maybe it’s not too late to buy one for him.”
Trixie shrugged. “He likely knows. He’s been playing drums with ‘em long enough that he sees what they wear.”
Juanita relaxed a bit. “You’re probably right, Trixie. Phinn doesn’t miss much. Have you seen Drake?”
Angie nodded. “Yes, I saw him with Phinn a few minutes ago. They’ll be coming for their drums soon, I ‘spect.”
They all stopped talking to listen as the sound of drums, many drums, pulsated through the tent. The drumming came from a distance, but drew closer by the second.
Esmeralda’s eyes grew wide with excitement. “It’s starting,” she whispered.  Clapping her hands together in excitement, she repeated the words loudly. “It’s starting! Hurry everyone, get your costumes on and get ready to dance.”

The villagers swarmed into the open square in waves of red, orange and white. Some wore masks; some played drums or blew whistles, many chanted and sang in time with the drums. Two huge figures dressed as moving haystacks with mock heads swirled through the crowds, growing tall, then collapsing onto the ground in a pile of dried raffia. They did this over and over, scaring little children who came too near, by swallowing them up in a storm of moving straw, then rising up seven or eight feet tall.
Phinn and Drake hurried to join the drummers and were welcomed to the group with a series of intricate rhythms. One of the village elders placed red wool fezzes on Phinn and Drake’s heads. 
The music changed as the village women entered the square, prancing and twirling to the beat. They put their arms out and wiggled their fingers, inviting the ladies of the acting troupe to join in the dancing.
Soon the whole tribe, including the acting troupe, was absorbed into the celebration. The music and dancing went on for an hour or more before the Chief Elder of the village stepped into their midst carrying a raffia umbrella over his head.
Everyone grew quiet as a boy with a sack and a long knife joined the old man. They traded items. The boy held the elder’s umbrella while the old man opened the sack and pulled out a huge yam. It must have weighed at least twenty pounds. He took the long knife, gave the yam a swift hack, and held the two halves up to the sky. The villagers cheered as carts full of newly harvested yams were pulled into the square. The Chief Elder looked skyward, still holding the huge cut yam in his hands and said a few words in his own language. Then he added the yam to one of the heaped carts and smiled at Phinn. He spread his hands in a welcoming gesture and waited.
Phinn took this as his cue to begin his brief skit.
“Bring out the black box,” Phinn called out to Smiles.
The big man carried the box with stars and moons painted on the sides along with a large yam balanced on top. He put the box down in front of Phinn and backed away.
Phinn opened the box and made a big show of tilting it this way and that so everyone in the crowd could see that it was empty. Then he placed the large yam in the box and closed the lid firmly, with as much showmanship as he could muster. He picked up his drum and played a few complex riffs, while he chanted nonsense in a loud voice.
He asked Drake to open the box.
Drake opened the box slowly and pulled out a plate full of cooked, mashed yam seasoned with the enticing smell of cinnamon and cloves. He held up the dish to the startled eyes of the villagers who immediately surrounded the box to peer into its empty interior.
The Chief smiled and clapped his hands. Soon the villagers all joined in with the clapping, though a few followed the box as Smiles carried it back to the tent.
The Chief Elder took up his umbrella and the festival swung back into full gear.

Later in the day, as everyone feasted on yams and other Eko delicacies, Paddy, the proprietor of the Tavern, sat down beside Phinn. “The Chief is after knowin’ if any of your acting troupe ladies are unwed. Seems some ‘a the village men have been asking.” 
Phinn thought at once of Trixie, the only single lady in the acting troupe and said quickly, “Nope, all spoken for, sorry to say.”

Chapter 45

On the Eger River

Loaded down with newly woven rope, axes, animal hides and food, the rafts full of indentured servants and their Henge overseers floated downstream on the Eger River. On both sides of the river, shifting dunes of the vast Sahara rippled with moving grains of sand. The air was hot and dry.
Shalin, shielding her face from the unrelenting sun with her sleeved arm, thought back to their departure from Timbitu three days earlier.
Soldad and Timti had come down to the river to see them off and wish them safe travels. Soldad was truly sorry to see her go. She could see in his mind that he wanted to offer some grand service that might equal the indebtedness he felt he owed the twins for saving his life at Antok. She felt sure she would see him again one day.
As for Timti, Shalin recognized a kinship with this woman who searched for knowledge. There must be some way she could cultivate that bond. Her reverie was broken by her sister’s voice.
“We should have come to the gorge by now. It has been three days.”
Shalin sat upright and blinked in time to see their raft mate, Alekos, shrug.
Alekos and his brother, Cosmos, having seen enough of Timbitu, had used some of Cosmos’s new riches from the sale of his pilfered gold dog collars to purchase transport on the raft flotilla back to Eko.
 “You know as much as I do about what lies ahead,” Alekos said.  “At least the gorge will make a change from these endless sand dunes and it can’t come soon enough to suit me. I long for my cool, damp, former life at sea.”
Cosmos laughed. “You’ll be longing for this heat once you get back to a cold storm off Henge, I’d wager.”
“It has been three days’ travel and that is what Timti said it would take to reach the gorge,” Shalin said. “I am sure our guide would know.”
Esme withdrew her hand from the water to sit up and look around. “Our guide is two rafts ahead. Perhaps we will stop for a meal soon and we can ask.”
The four travelers looked about on either side of the river and saw no hope of any landing site big enough to pull their ten rafts ashore.
“Doubtful,” Shalin stated.

Two hours later, the twins saw the rafts ahead veering off to the right. The river had narrowed substantially and the sound of rapids ahead seized their attention.
Their guide poled his raft to a small beach as he shouted orders to the rafts behind.
Cosmos and Alekos poled furiously toward the right shore, fearful of being dashed over an invisible drop into the rapids that must lie below.
When all the rafts had been secured one to another and tied to rock outcrops beyond the beach, Serafina and Sergeant Weaver began supervising the unloading. The new hires were still chained one to another on their respective rafts, but they seemed more focused on the rapids that lay ahead than on any plans of escape.
Everyone was expected to carry heavy loads, even the twins. They worried about their mother over-exerting herself after her dangerous bout with malaria, but Serafina herself appeared fixated on the task at hand.
Esme headed for the piles of rope, hanging great loops around her neck and shoulders to balance the weight throughout her body. Shalin decided to do the same, leaving her hands free to help navigate the steep descent.
As they walked nearer to the top of the gorge, the sound of rushing water grew deafening. Serafina appeared behind them.
“Stay close behind Cosmos and Alekos,” she shouted in their ears. “If a rockslide begins, use your powers to control it but do not try to stop it. It could gather strength and overwhelm your calling abilities.” The twins nodded as they looked down at the rocky chasm that framed the rapids. The water was running high carrying swirls of detritus with it. Logs strewn haphazardly among the rocks made the slippery passage more precarious.
Alekos and Cosmos waited while Sergeant Weaver led the way with a long stream of their new hires clanking slowly behind, weighed down by huge amounts of luggage. Three soldiers followed them.
Lars, followed by Serafina, went next. Alekos and Cosmos fell in behind Serafina. The twins were followed by the three remaining soldiers.
Everyone stepped carefully but Shalin and Esme kept a close eye on the new hires who carried the heaviest loads. A few times they saw amazed faces when one seemed about to slip or fall and found himself suddenly rebalanced.
Once the steepest part of the gorge had been traversed, the slant decreased and they were able to appreciate the fact that their path lay down hill. They broke for camp on a fairly level outcrop, though they could see that their descent would continue on the morrow for several more miles.
As Esme and Shalin lay on blankets that evening, weary but sated from a dinner of millet, dates and mutton, they found themselves eager to talk but also eager to sleep.
“We should reach calm water sometime tomorrow.” Esme lay on her back, looking up at the starry sky as she spoke. “I could see the end of the gorge off in the distance.”
“We should still keep watch. We saved a few from broken bones today.” Shalin lay as her sister, knowing she should be making notes of the movements of the stars, but too tired to search through her pack for a scroll.
“I know. We were fortunate not to have a great rain of boulders tumbling down around us.”
“I believe the logs wedged in between the rocks helped with that,” Shalin noted. “Once we reach the calm water, those fallen logs will be good for building our rafts. Soldad told me that fallen logs were best. The moisture has drained out, making them lighter in weight and better able to float. Also, there is no time wasted in cutting down living trees.”
Shalin waited a minute for her sister to comment before realizing Esme was already asleep.

The next morning the twins were up early. Already the camp was alive with activity as the new hires acquainted themselves with the supplies and gathered driftwood for fires. Though no one, not even Lars, spoke their language, they seemed to know what needed to be done and set about doing it, whether to satisfy their own hunger or to impress their new overseers was not clear. Perhaps both.
“The sand dunes are not so evident downstream, perhaps we will have cooler weather and an easier trek,” Shalin said to Serafina, hoping to gauge her mother’s well-being by the strength of her answer.
Serafina smiled. She was not so easily fooled. “I allow myself a lighter load because I have hired servants now to take my portion – not because I am too weak to do my share. Did you and Esme stop any rockslides yesterday?”
“No, there were none to control. We only helped a few indentures from losing their balance.”
Serafina nodded. “Carry on, then. By the end of the day we should reach calm waters.”
They looked out from their escarpment and saw the still, flat water in the distance as the winding river snaked its way through Africa – a twisting blue path through a dry brown plain. Far in the distance they saw a long line of tiny animals crossing the river.
“Are those antelope?” Shalin asked.
“The distance is deceiving,” Serafina said. “I believe they are elephants.”
“Elephants! I had best tell Esme. She has a great fondness for elephants.”

Chapter 46

Beside the Eger River

A day’s trek along debris-strewn beaches brought the Henge travelers and their new hires to the flat floodplain of the Eger River. Shalin hoped to be of some help in constructing the rafts, equipped now with practical advice on raft building from Soldad.
“It is best to use deadwood brought in from the flood and deposited to dry on the banks,” she told her mother. “Also, the rafts will be heavy, so it is best to build them close to the water on a downslope.”
Serafina’s expression brightened into a small smile. “And how have you come by your knowledge of raft building?”
Shalin blushed, but pressed her case. “Soldad offered the information on hearing your plan. He has spent most of his life on and about the water.”
“Then you must walk among the workers and advise them,” Serafina said. “I am reluctant to give the axes into the hands of the new hires. They outnumber us and may even be familiar with this river. It may seem an opportunity to return to their homes without honoring their indentures.”
“But they are still shackled together in small groups,” Shalin reminded her.
“And they know one of the soldiers must hold the key that unlocks those shackles.” Serafina stared silently at her daughter but the message was clear.
Shalin frowned. The new hires had seemed happy to have reached this point in their travels. Was it because they saw their chance to escape? One could hardly blame them. After losing a battle and being sold into captivity, what would she be thinking if their roles were reversed? But there was the matter of the indenture agreement. She would honor such an agreement, she supposed. Shalin decided to say nothing more on the subject.
 “I understand. I will ask Sergeant Weaver if he agrees with the raft-building instructions Soldad has offered.”
Shalin saw that the new hires were already dragging logs they found along the beach to a swampy area near shore. The soldiers had the axes in hand and were lining up the logs, cutting the ends to uniform sizes and showing the new hires how they wanted the logs lashed one to another with twine.
One of the new hires was busy tying off logs with complicated knots and kept looking to his side to watch a soldier whittling away at the end of a log with his ax.
Shalin searched the man’s mind fearing she might find signs of impending violence, then smiled at what she intuited. The new hire thought the soldier inept and wished the man would give up his ax to the new hires who would surely do a better job.

Shalin found her sister standing beside the river, watching the water intently. When Shalin approached, Esme held up her hand in a halt motion.
“Have a care. There are crocodiles here.” 
“Have you seen one?” Shalin asked.
“No, but I have seen their tracks on the banks. I made a picture on the scroll I am keeping on animals and their habits – back when we crossed over among the hippopotamuses on our way to Timbitu. There were crocodiles there, living side-by-side with the hippos.”
 “Perhaps there are hippopotamuses here as well.” Shalin moved a little closer to the river, searching for the tell-tale nostrils.
Esme shook her head. “No grasslands for the hippos to feed on. But there are fish aplenty for the crocodiles to feed on.” Esme turned from her search of the still waters to look at her sister. “How goes the raft construction?”
“It seems everyone here already knows how to construct a raft. I thought I might have some wisdom to offer, but that knowledge has gone a’ begging.”
Esme’s face took on a look of disgust. “Mother should order the new hires’ shackles removed. They could work faster without them.”
Shalin nodded. “She has some trepidation about their loyalty. This would be an opportunity to escape if they had a mind to do so.”
“We should try to learn their language.” Esme seemed enthusiastic about her new idea. “Then we would know what they have a mind to do.”
Shalin shrugged. “We may as well. Perhaps we should begin by warning them about the crocodiles. They are working quite close to the water.”
The twins meandered among the workers, smiling encouragement at their progress.
They came upon the man who thought his skills with an ax better than the soldier who currently wielded said ax.
Shalin pointed to herself and said, “Shalin.”
The man nodded with a blank expression and repeated the word – “Shalin.”
Then Shalin pointed to her sister and said, “Esme.”
The man nodded again, this time with some understanding in his eyes. “Esme,” he repeated, looking back and forth at the identical twins.
He pointed to himself and said, “Okoro.” He smiled with an expression akin to pride as he said his name.
Esme pointed to the drag marks nearby and said, “Crocodiles.”
Okoro smiled and said, “Agu iyi.”
Shalin looked at the soldier still whittling away at the end of a log with his ax. “You should take a rest,” she told him. “You have been working very hard. Why not stand by with your sword at the ready and let this hired man take a turn at aligning the logs?”
The soldier seemed reluctant to give up his ax. “I do not know if that is a thing we should allow. Perhaps we should check with Sergeant Weaver first.”
Esme shook her head. “There is no need for that. It would only be for a few minutes. I will take responsibility for this man.”
The soldier handed the ax to Esme, who gave it into Okoro’s hands.
Okoro flashed a bright smile and checked the sharpness of the blade with his finger while the young soldier shuffled his feet nervously.
Okoro knelt down by the row of logs, put his face down at the logs’ edge and lined up the lengths with his eye. He sawed a thin cut close to the end of the log. Then he returned to kneeling beside the log and raised the ax high. He brought it down with force and cut the first side of a v shape just to the right of his mark. The second slice cut just to the left of the mark, closed the v and a large chunk of wood flew out from the log.
Within minutes the log was shortened to the correct size. The soldier looked on in fascination. “How did you know he had the skill to do this?” he asked Esme.
Esme shrugged. “Shalin had a feeling about him. His name is Okoro. Shall we ask Sergeant Weaver if he might be allowed continued use of the ax?”
“Please do. My name, by the way, is Corporal Price. And my right arm thanks you for this feeling you had about Okoro.” He grinned at his joke.
As the twins walked away, Shalin took Esme’s arm to slow her pace. “I think we should try to convince Mother first about allowing Okoro to use an ax. Sergeant Weaver is likely acting on her orders.”
They found their mother resting on a blanket.
“Are you well?” Esme touched her mother’s forehead. “Is it a relapse?”
“I am well,” Serafina replied, “though my strength is slow in returning. How goes the work?”
“We have found a man among the new hires who has experience in raft building. We want to have your permission to let him work with an ax.”
“And how do you know he has this experience?” she asked.
Shalin and Esme glanced at one another.
“We gave him the chance to work with an ax,” Shalin admitted.
Serafina nodded. “I thought as much.” She sat up on her blanket. “Tell Sergeant Weaver this man has my permission to wield an ax. And in answer to your next question, which has not as yet been asked – the answer is no. The shackles cannot be removed until we reach Eko.”

Chapter 47

Port of Eko

As new members of the Eko tribe, the men in Phinn’s acting troupe were assigned a section of the yam field for harvesting. A few days’ rain had softened the ground enough to make digging up the giant yams somewhat easier. The great weight of the yams meant this task was assigned to the men of the tribe. The women took on the harvesting of smaller fruits and vegetables.
None of the men of the acting troupe had a background in farming, but they had all gone hungry at times, and were happy to help out their new brother musicians in this small way.
“How deep do you suppose we got to dig?” Tom asked, holding his borrowed shovel as though he was not sure what to do with it.
“Likely not too deep,” Phinn decided, stepping on the top edge of his shovel with his foot to drive it into the damp ground. “We don’t want to slice them up, trying to get to them.”
“I’ve got one,” Smiles shouted, a few minutes later, holding up a good-sized yam like a trophy.
 “Look at the size a’ this one,” Bear exclaimed. The mud made a slick sucking sound as he pulled the giant potato free.  “It must weigh in upwards a’ thirty pounds.”
The men of the acting troupe paused in their digging long enough to wipe their brows and walk over to look down at the giant yam Bear had dug out.
“That’s a big ‘un fer sure” Tom said. “Have ta’ say, though, I think I’ve ‘ad my fill a eatin’ any kind a cooked yams fer a time.”
Smiles laughed. “Trixie says if they keep givin’ us yams, we’ll soon be using ‘em fer door stops.”
Phinn lifted the huge potato Bear had unearthed. He was happy that they could do something to repay the Eko tribe’s kindness and felt bad that he had lied to them about Trixie’s marital status. It really was not his place to limit Trixie’s choices. If young men in the Eko tribe wanted to court her, who was he to interfere?
He looked at Smiles with renewed interest. “You spend a lot of time with Trixie. Do you think she might want to find someone to marry?”
“Trixie?” Smiles said. “She’s a fine lady. She should be married ta’ some gentleman what could give ‘er a great house an’ carriage an’ all.”
Phinn’s mouth hung open. “Trixie? I mean, of course you are right, but the thing is, some of the men here in Eko were asking if any of the women in our acting troupe were unwed and I sort of lied and said no because I didn’t want to lose Trixie as part of the troupe, but the truth is, she is the only one still single.”
“Just as well you sayin’ what you did,” Smiles said gravely. “None a these here gents would do. She needs a man what’s got some learnin’ an’ maybe a bit a royalty to ‘is name.”
Phinn narrowed his eyes a bit as he stared at Smiles. “I always thought she might be a little sweet on you. The two of you seem to spend a lot of time together.”
Smiles shook his head. “Trixie’s a good friend but anyone can see she deserves better than the like’s a’ me when it comes ta settlin’ down.”
Phinn opened his mouth to object, then thought better of it. A plan began to form in his mind.
The men went back to work and soon had their three carts full of large yams and their clothes covered in mud. On the way to the village square, Phinn caught up to Smiles. “I believe I will speak to Trixie. I’ll just ask her straight out, would she be open to hearing offers of marriage from young men in the village.”
Smiles shrugged. “Be a waste of time, but suit yerself.”

Later that day, Phinn found his wife, Juanita, going through some old costumes in their ship’s cabin. “Has Trixie ever said anything about wanting to be married?” he asked.
Juanita shook her head. “Not to me. Why do you ask?”
“I may have told a white lie to the village chief. Lars said that the Chief told him some of the unmarried men in the tribe were asking if any of our women are unwed. They’re thinking of making offers, I suppose.” He looked down at his feet. “I told Lars to tell the Chief they were all spoken for.”
Juanita continued her sorting as though the lie made no difference. “Trixie wouldn’t want to leave the acting troupe—that I know for sure. She always says we are her family.”
“Smiles thinks she should marry a rich noble of some sort.”
Juanita laughed. “I’ve not heard her say anything of the kind, and I doubt she’s ever thought it.”
“I suspect Smiles might love her, but thinks he’s not good enough for her,” Phinn said.
Juanita looked up from her work. “Now that you mention it, that makes sense. Smiles always speaks to her in a formal sort of way. But why would he think himself not good enough?”
Phinn shrugged. “He always says his friend Bear is the smart one, too. He is quick to put others ahead of himself.”
Juanita shook her head. “A truly humble man? I thought being a man and being humble were two things that could not coexist.”
Phinn frowned, but as he thought about what his wife had said, his frown morphed into a smile. “I admit it is not a common mix.”
“Shall I ask Trixie if she would like to be married?” Juanita asked. “Or how she feels about Smiles?”
Phinn took a moment to consider this. “I suppose if you could work it into a conversation in such a way that it does not seem we are prying into her personal life.”
“But that is what we are doing,” Juanita emphasized.
Phinn took a deep breath. “I will likely regret it, but yes, go ahead if you will.”
Juanita folded a fairy costume and put it into a box. “I will track her down and interrogate her at once.”
Phinn suppressed a look of horror, knowing his wife was jesting, but still feeling nervous about treading on dangerous ground.

Juanita found Trixie having tea in the galley. The huge yam Bear had unearthed sat in the middle of the table, though someone had taken the trouble to clean it off before putting it in such a prominent spot.
Juanita pulled out a chair and smiled at Trixie. “Tea. Just the thing I was craving. Is the water still hot?”
Trixie returned her smile, nodding. “I only now pulled the kettle off the flame. What do ya’ think a’ the prize our men folk brought back from the hunt?” she said, lifting her cup in the direction of the yam.
Juanita laughed. “I cannot imagine a day I would be hungry enough to eat such a monster yam.” Juanita waited until Trixie’s gaze slid from the yam to meet her own eyes. “Did Phinn tell you he lied about your marital status to the village elder?”
Trixie put down her cup. “He never! Why would he do such a thing?”
“He did not want to lose you. Some of the village men were asking if any of the women in the acting troupe were still available to wed. Phinn said all were spoken for as he did not want to take a chance one of the village men might woo you away from our troupe. Did he do wrong?”
Trixie laughed as she shook her head. “He saved me from having to reject any offers. I would never leave the acting troupe. You are my family.”
“What about Smiles? Would you consider marrying him?”
Trixie blushed. “Smiles is such a fine figger of a man. So big an’ strong an’ kind. But he’s only interested in being friends as far as I can see.”
“You’re likely right. I’ve never seen a man so quick to make a friend,” Juanita said, smiling.
“Yes, he is a grand friend.” Trixie’s face took on a wistful expression.

Juanita found Phinn waiting anxiously in their cabin.
“You were right. Trixie is head over heels in love with Smiles. She thinks he just sees her as a friend.”
Phinn was relieved to hear his suspicions confirmed. “So they are in love with one another and neither is brave enough to admit it.”
“It seems so,” Juanita agreed.
“This should not prove too much of a problem. How should we bring them to an understanding?”
“Have a mock wedding that later turns out to be real?” Juanita suggested.
“Not a bad idea, but keep thinking.” Phinn nodded slowly as he thought. “Meanwhile I might have another chat with Smiles.”

Chapter 48

Port of Eko

Phinn was ready to put his plan in motion. Here was a situation that called for a gentle touch—just a nudge to put two lovebirds together. 
He and his son, Drake, sat near the bow of the Kingdom of Henge, tightening the skin on a drum head as Smiles walked by with a set of pulleys in his hands.
“Come and join us,” Phinn called out to Smiles. “We’ve a bit of a sea breeze on deck today.”
Smiles sat down and ruffled Drake’s hair. “How is our young Drake faring this morning?”
“Good. We’re making the drum tops tighter,” the boy said.
“Fine idea,” Smiles said. “Give you a better sound, that will.”
“What are you doing?” Drake asked.
“I’m after greasing up these here pulleys. Save an old man’s back.”
Phinn laughed. “If you’re old, we’re both of us old,” he declared.
They worked a few minutes in silence before Phinn spoke up. “I confessed my lie to Juanita yesterday.”
“You lied?” Drake asked, with wide disbelieving eyes.
“A little lie.” Phinn held two fingers close together to show how small the lie had been. “And then I was sorry I had done it. That’s why I confessed.”
“What did you lie about?” Drake appeared to be very interested.
“I told the village chief that all our womenfolk were spoken for. Some of the village men were ready to ask for their hands in marriage. I told him all our women were already taken even though Trixie is still not married. I did it because I didn’t want to lose her from the acting troupe.”
Drake nodded in understanding. “But that was wrong because it was a lie?”
“Yes. I had no right to interfere by lying, and of course, your mother agreed.”
“So she told the chief the truth?” Drake asked.
“Not yet. But she asked Trixie if she would like to hear proposals from any of the village men.”
“Oh.” Drake was still trying to follow all the moral twists and turns.
Smiles said nothing during this exchange, but Phinn knew he was waiting to hear what Trixie had said.
The three continued working for a few minutes. Phinn tested his drum skin now and then with short riffs of drumming and Drake usually joined in with counter rhythms.
Smiles looked out to sea briefly as he spoke. “So what did Trixie say?”
Phinn looked up with a bland expression. “About what I expected.”
“Which was?” Smiles urged.
“She said my lie kept her from rejecting their proposals.”
Smiles seemed to relax a bit, his big shoulders easing down.
Phinn continued as though he had never stopped speaking. “She said she would never accept a proposal outside the acting troupe that would cause her to leave us, since we were her family.”
Smiles’ hands stilled on his pulleys, momentarily. “She said that?” he asked, looking down at Phinn.
“That’s what she said, according to Juanita.” Phinn looked at his son, adding, “And of course Drake’s mama never lies.”
Smiles completed his greasing job and wiped his hands on a rag. He stood up with a resolute expression. “Guess I’ll be stopping by the galley to see what’s for breakfast.”
“Save some for us,” Phinn called out, grinning.

Later that morning, Trixie announced to the ladies of the acting troupe that Smiles had proposed marriage and she had accepted. All aboard congratulated the couple and Phinn suggested they ask the chief elder to perform the wedding ceremony so that the whole tribe could celebrate this great occasion.
Trixie looked up into Smiles’ eyes with a loving expression. “What do you think?” she asked.
Smiles shrugged. “It’s up to you. I want what’s best for you.”
“Yes, then,” Trixie agreed. “Let’s have a big celebration.”
Phinn clapped his hands in agreement. “I’ll row in with Bern and speak to the chief right away. I am sure he will be delighted. They are a people who know how to celebrate.”

Phinn and Bern rowed to the beach closest to the marketplace and tied the shore boat to a tree root.
“Were you surprised?” Bern asked. “Smiles popping the question to Trixie after so many years of knowing each other?”
Phinn smiled. “No, not really. I sort of saw it coming.”
They walked into the marketplace and were surprised to see only one party of twelve blue-veiled traders sitting in the shade of a thorn tree, beside their packs.
“Where are the villagers?” Phinn said to the group of twelve traders.
None of the traders appeared to speak English. They remained silent.
“We had best head for the Tavern,” Phinn told Bern. “Paddy will likely know what’s going on.”
They walked along the shore to the dockside Tavern on the northern edge of the village.
Phinn knocked on the door at the back of the Tavern and Hairy the Chimp swung down from his tree to join them at the door.
Paddy opened the door and smiled a welcome. “Come in, Mates, what brings ya’ to town today? First time I’ve seen you, Phinn, without your drum.”
“We wanted to talk to the chief but he’s not there with his pals under the acacia tree,” Phinn said. “In fact there’s no one in the square today except a group of a dozen blue-veiled traders, sitting together with nothing out to sell.”
Paddy pursed his lips and frowned. “Sounds like the ivory traders have arrived.”
Bern shook his head. “There wasn’t no ivory that we could see.”
“No, they’d be here to buy,” Paddy said, patting Hairy’s shoulder as the chimp came to stand close by. “But sit yourselves down. Would ya’ be havin’ an ale this early in the day?”
Phinn shook his head. “Just some water for me.”
Bern looked a little disappointed. “Me, too, then.”
“So have the villagers gone to buy ivory?” Phinn asked.
“No, they’ve likely gone into hiding in the jungle,” Paddy said, lowering his voice in a conspiratorial manner.
“Hiding from the ivory traders?” Phinn asked, now thoroughly confused.
Paddy let out a deep breath. “It’s like this,” he said, handing each of the men a cup of water as Hairy let out an ear-piercing screech.
“Hairy, you can get your own water,” Paddy chided. “You live here.”
Harry screeched again and Paddy got up to get a cup of water for him. “He wants to be treated like a guest when we have guests.” Paddy took a seat opposite the two men.
“You see, it’s like this,” Paddy began again. “The elephants migrate about now, upriver, when the floods green up the scrub lands. Big herds of them cross over the Eger River to get to the new growth.” He paused a moment, frowning. “And the ivory hunters wait for them there on the far bank because they know right where they’ll cross. They kill the big tusked ones an’ take the ivory and pile it onto rafts to float downriver.”
“And the ivory buyers are here waiting because they know what time of year to come,” Phinn filled in.
Paddy nodded. “Exactly.”
“But why are the villagers in hiding? Is it some superstition about the ivory? Or the killed elephants?” Phinn asked.
“It doesn’t take a lot of manpower to kill elephants and pile their ivory onto rafts,” Paddy continued. “But once they get the ivory down here, they need men to carry the ivory north to meet the caravans coming into Timbitu.”
“They need slaves,” Bern murmured with a wide-eyed expression.
“Right you are, Mate.” Paddy touched the tip of his nose with his finger to signify they had hit the cause of the disappearance right on the nose.

Chapter 49

On the Eger River

With so many workers available, turning the raw materials into rafts took only two days. Beached logs were scavenged, whittled down to the proper length, and bound together with the rope and twine they had brought along, The indentured servants along with their Henge overseers celebrated the achievement with a lunch of fresh cooked fish and fresh bread cooked in a makeshift oven before taking off downriver.
The rafts proved to be a great accomplishment. A layer of goatskins on top made them more comfortable and helped to keep the supplies dry. Two days travel brought the fleet close to the elephant crossing site they had viewed from the gorge.
“What is that smell?” Esme said, pressing thumb and fingers to either side of her nose.
Esme’s raft mates, Shalin, Cosmos and Alekos shrugged and shook their heads, but they, too, could smell it.
As their raft drew closer to the crossing area, a flock of vultures took to the air.
“Something has died among those boulders.” Shalin shielded her eyes from the sun to see more clearly.
Cosmos shook his head. “Those are not boulders. Better you girls both close your eyes.”
The twins ignored the warning and tried to see what Cosmos was talking about.
Esme screamed suddenly and more vultures took flight. “Elephants. Massacred,” she cried out.
The river’s current soon took them past the slaughter site, but the terrible smell followed them. “Was it the ivory hunters did it?” Esme demanded of Cosmos.
Cosmos nodded. “I assume so. That would be a good place to attack them. The elephants are at a disadvantage coming up out of the water, and less able to mount a defense.”
Esme felt the same unquenchable anger she had felt over her wolf’s murder, and quickly attempted to dissipate it by seeking the hunters’ motives. The hunters needed to survive. There is a market for ivory. They risked their lives killing the elephants to provide for their families. All these thoughts seemed mere excuses for the evil done here. Her anger held sway.
“Is there no one to take the elephants’ defense?” Esme asked.
“I’m afraid not.” Cosmos looked at Esme with concern for her state of mind. “We will likely pass more slaughter sites along the way. This is the season when the big beasts migrate to greener pastures.”
In her mind, Esme resolved that she would stop as many from being slaughtered as she could.
Shalin saw the resolution in her sister’s mind and set about coming to a decision in her own mind. She knew Esme intended to use her powers to save the lives of elephants. Should she help? Stay neutral? Take the side of the hunters? Try to dissuade her sister? The smell of death still lingered, a terrible, sad smell. She would help, she decided, but their aid must remain undetected so as not to bring retribution on their own party of travelers.
They journeyed on through the day with the river’s current and by evening, came to a great widening of the river into a series of lakes. There was a small village at the edge of the largest lake and there they drew their rafts onto the beaches.

Sergeant Weaver, Lars the Trader and Serafina left the six soldiers in charge and waded through a marsh to make inquiries in the village.
“Do you suppose these villagers are the elephant hunters?” Esme asked Cosmos and his brother Alekos.
“Not likely,” Cosmos said. “I see nets spread out on the shores and small fishing boats lined up ahead. These look to be fisher folk. Perhaps they will have some fish to sell. The elephant hunters likely only come for the migration and leave again when they have their ivory to sell downstream.”
“How do you know all this?” Alekos asked his brother.
Cosmos shrugged. “I stayed in Eko for some time before leaving to find the buried city of gold. I heard a lot of stories from travelers in the Tavern.”
“Are these elephant hunters treacherous men?” Shalin asked.
“They can be. I heard they take slaves as well as ivory when they have the chance.”

Shalin and Esme walked among the beached rafts to stretch their legs while they waited for their mother to return. They saw their new friend, Okoro, talking in an excited voice to those standing nearby. He pointed here and there – at the lake and at the village – as he spoke in his foreign tongue.
“I believe Okoro has been here before.” Shalin stopped to concentrate. “I can see in his mind that this place is familiar to him.”
“Do you suppose he was taken from here as a slave?” Esme asked. “Perhaps by the elephant hunters?”
“It is possible, I suppose.” Shalin could not see anything more from her mind reading since he thought in different words. “I wish we had some way of asking him.”
Esme pointed to some people down the beach. “Here comes Mother back. Perhaps Lars found someone here he could communicate with.”
The twins ran to meet Lars, Sergeant Weaver and their mother, all of whom carried sacks full of fish.
“We shall all eat well tonight.” Serafina spoke in a cheerful voice. “The village catch was good today.”
“Did you find someone who spoke a language you understood?” Esme asked Lars.”
“I did.” Lars seemed happy with the results of their excursion. “One of the fishermen spoke the Tara language. Made it easier to trade for the fish.”
“We think perhaps Okoro comes from this village,” Shalin said.
“Who?” Serafina asked.
“Okoro, the raft builder. The one you allowed to handle an ax,” Esme reminded her mother. “
Serafina smiled and nodded. “Ah, your new friend.” Her smile faded as she looked suspiciously at her daughter.  “He is still indentured to me, no matter where he comes from.”
“But what if he was captured here by the elephant hunters and taken as a slave against his will?” Esme argued.
“I do not believe the circumstances of his becoming a slave matter. He has agreed to the conditions of his indenture.”
“But the elephant hunters are bad people,” Esme sputtered.
“Because they kill elephants?” Serafina said.
“Yes!” Esme shouted. “And because they take slaves,” she said in a calmer voice.
Serafina drew Esme closer and hugged her. “We cannot cure all the evils in the world. Surely you know that by now. But in case it is as you suspect, that your friend is no stranger to this village, I will allow you to go with him along with Lars to see if he has family here. If so he can explain to them the conditions of his indenture and where he will be working for the next seven years.”
Esme nodded, somewhat pacified,  and Shalin asked, “May I go along as well? He is my friend, too.”
“Yes,” Serafina decided, relenting somewhat, “but do not take up too much of Lars’s time. We are all hungry and the fish will cook quickly.”
“Do you mind taking the time to try to find Okoro’s family?” Shalin asked Lars.
“Not at all. I feel as you do about slavery,” Lars said, with a stern expression. “Having been a slave myself for a time, I take a dim view of the practice.”
“I knew you would feel that way,” Esme said, pulling Lars along with her. “Okoro can tell us a lot about this place, I think. We heard him talking to others on his raft.”
“But you do not know what he was saying.” Lars smiled. “Or do you?”
“No.” Esme blushed. “Perhaps a little, just from the excitement in his voice.”
“It is all right.” Lars patted her shoulder gently. “Remember, I have known you both since you were infants left in Electra’s care when we all lived together for a time in Helsop. I was with your mother, Esme, when we rescued you from the silent men.”
“You are a good friend” Esme said, sincerely.
“And you understand,” Shalin added. “There are some evils in need of cure.”

Chapter 50

Lake beside Eger River

While the indentured servants built fires to cook the fish Serafina had purchased, Lars the Trader and the twins went through the lakeside village in search of the man who spoke the language of the Tara traders.
Lars led the twins through a group of straw huts to a more permanent mud brick structure.
“This is where they bring their day’s catch to divide it.” Lars stepped inside the building. “The men and boys fish and the women and girls sell the catch.” He looked around. “There was a man here earlier who spoke the Tara language. He did not tell me his name.”
Lars approached a woman loading her basket with fish. “Tara?” he said pointing to his mouth.
The woman stood up, put the basket of fish on her head and pointed to the door.
They followed her to a straw hut where a man squatted just outside the door to the hut at a fire pit, blowing on a little bunch of smoking dry grass to encourage a flame. The man nodded and stood up as soon as he saw Lars.
Lars addressed the man in the Tara tongue. After speaking for a few moments, the man left his smoking fire to follow them.
They led the man back the way they had come, along the shore to the raft that carried Okoro.
As soon as Okoro saw the man, he began to laugh and shout. The two men hugged one another and talked for several moments before their interpreter turned back to Lars, speaking to him in the Tara language.
 “Okoro is his cousin brother, who all thought killed and eaten by crocodiles,” Lars translated. “Okoro says he went to watch the elephants last year as they crossed the river. The ivory hunters were lying in wait for the elephants and when they saw Okoro coming they decided to take him as a slave. They thought no one would find out. He says Okoro’s father will want to buy him back. However, Okoro says he is not a slave. He does not want his father to spend all his cowries to pay off his indenture. He says he will be free in seven years. Cousin Brother wants to know if this is true?”
“This is my understanding,” Lars concurred. He looked at the twins for confirmation. “Should we confirm it first with Serafina?”
Before the twins could answer, the cousin brother began to speak again.
Lars listened, nodding. “He wants to take Okoro to see his father. Perhaps his father will convince Okoro to let him pay off the indenture price.”
Shalin did not even consider objecting. “Yes. He must let his father see that he is still alive.”
The group now included Lars, the twins, Okoro’s cousin brother and Okoro, who still walked with chains around his ankles.
They all headed for the straw hut that housed Okoro’s family. His father spread his hand across his chest when he saw his son. Okoro’s mother screamed and cried tears of joy. They both rushed to hug their son.
A long conversation followed with much shouting, crying and cajoling. Another family appeared at the entrance to the hut. They also welcomed Okoro home with great emotion.
The cousin brother, who had not bothered to translate all the emotional reactions, now turned to Lars once again.
Lars, after hearing this new information, motioned the twins out of the crowded hut. “It turns out Okoro’s family had already paid the bride price to this new family for their daughter to marry Okoro. As the marriage ceremony did not take place, the girl was returned to her birth family and the bride price returned to Okoro’s family. Now, they do not know where she should go since she has been promised to Okoro and he is still alive.”
“It seems things have gotten complicated,” Esme agreed.
“It seems so.” Lars glanced at the opening to the hut, where raised voices still filtered out into the hot African afternoon.
“Is the promised wife there? Did she say what she wanted to do?” Shalin asked.
Lars shrugged. “I doubt anyone asked her. It would seem it is not her decision.”
Esme sighed. “I hope we have not made matters worse with our meddling.”
Shalin shook her head. “It cannot be worse to know that someone you thought dead still lives.”
They sat outside the hut as the arguments went on, realizing they were missing their dinner of fresh fish. The sky turned shades of gold and orange over the water and flocks of pink flamingos took flight against the setting sun.
“Look there.” Esme’s voice filled with wonder. A herd of giraffes, their long necks shadows against the setting sun, walked gracefully to the edge of the lake, some pulling leaves from the scrub trees dotting the landscape and some stretching their long necks down to the water to drink.
“Such a beautiful place,” Esme said, wistfully. “I could stay here forever.”

A new group of people came to the thatched hut. A few squeezed inside and others stood outside, looking in, but still offering their thoughts on the situation.
“Should we try to find out what is happening?” Shalin asked.
Lars stood up. “I will try to get the cousin brother’s attention.”
Lars pushed his way into the thatched hut and came back out with the cousin brother in tow.
“He says there is no agreement yet, but some say the girl should go with her promised husband, Okoro. She may be too old to bear children in seven years’ time. Some say she must be purchased as an indentured servant in that case, and the money given to her new family, as she will no longer be able to sell fish for them.”
“And still no one has bothered to ask her what she wants to do?” Esme asked in a disgusted tone of voice.
“Likely not.” Lars listened to a few more words from the cousin brother. “Now there is talk of some villagers going along with us to make sure our group is not captured again as slaves by the elephant killers.”
Esme and Shalin looked at one another in wonder. That thought had not occurred to them.
“Perhaps we should involve Mother in these negotiations.” Shalin’s thoughts headed to worst case scenarios.
Lars looked doubtful. “She may decide to leave at once and take Okoro with us, saying she has no interest in what the village wants.”
Esme nodded. “You seem to know our mother quite well.”
Lars looked at the grass hut which bulged out in places from the bulk of the bodies inside. “Perhaps I should say it is time to take Okoro back if he is to get anything to eat.”
“That sounds a good idea,” Esme said with enthusiasm. “I am famished, myself.”
Lars relayed this to the cousin brother who advised them to stay a few more minutes, and soon more people arrived at the hut carrying clay bowls of food that they handed around both inside the hut and to those outside, including Lars and the twins.
“At least we have dinner.” Shalin looked down gratefully at her plate of fish, rice, cucumber and pudding.
Torches were lit as people began to leave for their own beds. Finally the cousin brother came out with Okoro. Okoro was smiling as the cousin brother spoke to Lars.
Lars nodded as he listened. “The wife will go with her husband. If she is to work on the island where she is going, the indenture price must be paid to her, because her family will keep the bride price. Okoro’s father and a few of his friends will follow the rafts downriver to find out at Eko how to get to Bat Island, so that he may visit and make sure his son is being properly treated.”
“That should be acceptable to mother.” Shalin looked around. “Where is the girl who is to be his wife?”
“They will bring her down to the rafts tomorrow morning. There must be a ceremony and she must be dressed in her bridal clothes as Okoro was taken before the actual ceremony took place,” Lars translated.
“This should be interesting.” Esme smiled.
“Do you think Mother will object?” Shalin asked.
“Not if the ceremony takes place before she realizes what is happening.” Esme’s smile turned into a mischievous grin.

The next morning a line of dancers wearing colorful skirts, some with masks and costumes made of grass and foliage, moved along the shore to the raft where Okoro sat waiting. Kola nuts were exchanged among the two extended families. The bride, wearing a colorful cotton skirt, an elaborate headdress and beads took up her place on the raft beside her husband.
Four small fishing boats joined the flotilla of rafts. Each boat held two persons and one of the small boats held an elderly white-haired man who appeared to be giving a speech to the newly married couple.
“Do you know anything about what is going on here?” Serafina asked her daughters.
“Okoro has a wife as it turns out,” Shalin informed her mother. “She has to go with him. If you want her to work on the island, you can offer her an indenture contract.”
“And the others in the fishing boats?” Serafina asked.
Esme took up the tale. “They are only going as far as Eko. They want to find out where Bat Island is, in case they need to visit.”
Serafina gave a final glance in the direction of the dancers and drummers on shore, and turned again to her daughters. “Good work,” she said, smiling.

Chapter 51

Kingdom of Fernland

Far from Africa’s Eger River, at the castle in Fernland, the twins’ cousin, Electra, sat thinking. It was time, she decided, to end this visit with her mother and father and return with her husband and sons to Helsop. They had told King Geoffrey that Helsop had accepted a contract from Prince Oswald of Sandovia to craft empty metal throwing balls. Her father, King Geoffrey had not seemed overly concerned, just as they had hoped. Therefore, their mission had been accomplished.
Electra sat in the royal family’s private dining room with her mother, father, brother, sons and husband, ready to make her announcement about returning home, when a page arrived at the door of the dining room.
“What is it?” King Geoffrey asked.
“Downstairs there is a visitor from Helsop,” the page informed them. “Her name is Isa and she has a child with her, a young girl.”
“Isa?” Electra rose from her chair. “Here in Fernland?” She paused at the table wondering what young girl she could have with her since Isa had only two teenaged sons.
“Sit down please, dear,” Queen Delphinia said. She turned to the page. “Please show our visitors here to the dining room and have some lunch sent up for them.”
Electra, at her mother’s request, took her seat, but quickly began to stand again. “It must be some sort of emergency for Isa to come all the way from Helsop.” 
Her mother held up a hand to stop her. “If it is an emergency we should all hear of it. We may be able to help.”
Electra sat grasping the edge of the table tightly until Isa entered the room. Directly behind Isa, partially hidden in her skirts, stood Chimeg, the four-year-old daughter of Odval and Bataar.
Electra’s fingers tightened on the edge of the table. “Isa, has something happened to Odval or Monge?”
“They are fine, as far as I know.” Isa gently pushed the little girl forward. “But Chimeg, poor little thing, has been left behind by her mother. No one in Helsop speaks her language and she cries all the time. I thought perhaps one of the Taz boat builders here in Fernland might be able to speak to her in the Barburee tongue and reassure her that she is safe and her mother will return – I hope.”
Electra could not hide her alarm. “But where is Odval? And her son, Monge?”
Isa shook her head and shrugged. “They left. A group of Barburee soldiers came to take Odval and Monge to Taz. Odval’s companion, Magsa, said they had to leave Chimeg behind because the trip would be too hard for her – overland to Taz through the desert on horseback.”
“But this is preposterous.” Queen Delphinia patted her cheek with her handkerchief. “Leaving a child behind?” She looked to King Geoffrey for agreement but he seemed unperturbed. “I am forgetting my manners I am so upset. Please sit down, Isa, and Chimeg. We have lunch coming for you both. You must be tired after so long a trip. Did someone accompany you?”
“Tandor came along to escort us.” Isa ushered Chimeg to a chair beside Electra and pulled up another to sit next to her. “He has gone to settle in at the barracks of the Palace Guard.”
Dagon stood up. “Excuse me. I need to speak to Tandor. Please continue without me. I fear I would be of no assistance here in any case.”
Electra began to object to his leaving, then turned instead to her brother, Avor. She found him staring at Chimeg with an expression new to him. One of concern, perhaps even compassion.
“Avor, you speak the Barburee tongue fluently. Ask Chimeg what we can do for her and assure her that her mother will return.”
Avor looked at his sister. “But will she return? I am sure the trip to Taz is only the first part of her journey. From there she will likely join the Great Khan’s fleet on its way to China. It is a voyage that could take a year or more.”
Electra’s mouth fell open. “We are speaking of years then? Is she going to the wedding of her husband, do you think? To meet his second wife?” She did not add the words that leapt to her mind, the same way she came to meet me when I was to be the second wife? The time she tried to kill me with a poisoned sister-wife gift.”
Avor nodded. “Odval is likely going to the wedding and will probably stay on, since Monge is now of an age to join the Khan’s army.”
“Surely this is not happening.” Electra shook her head in dismay. She tried to smile at Chimeg, certain their raised voices must be frightening the child.
Avor cleared his throat and smiled at Chimeg as well. He spoke to her in the Barburee language and she returned his smile.
“What did you say to her?” Electra asked.
“I asked her if she was hungry,” Avor said. “I asked her if she would like some milk pudding. It is a favorite of the Barburee children.”
“She smiled at you.” Electra looked at her brother as though seeing him through new eyes. “I think she would like some pudding.”
Avor stood and held out his hand to the little girl. She stood as well and put her hand in his.
“I am going to take her to the kitchen and teach Chef Cristo how to make milk pudding.” Avor and Chimeg left the dining room together.

As soon as Avor left, Delphinia took Electra’s hand. “May we keep her?” she asked, desperately. “Did you see the expression on Avor’s face? He already loves her. Perhaps with her help he will see that he should choose a wife and have children of his own. Please say yes.” She turned to Isa hoping for any possible support she might provide.
Isa shrugged. “I truly did not know what to do. Magsa said Odval would return for Chimeg, but she did not say when. Perhaps because she did not know. I like the little girl. But it is hard to comfort her when I do not know her language.”
Delphinia nodded enthusiastically. “Avor knows her language and she likes him. She took his hand. We can teach her to speak English. I would take very good care of her.”
Electra was of two minds. On the one hand, Odval had left Chimeg in Helsop. Odval trusted Electra. And Electra did not want to break that trust by handing her daughter off to someone else’s safekeeping. On the other hand, everything her mother said was true. Delphinia would lavish affection on the girl and Avor would be able to speak with her. As for Delphinia’s wish to encourage Avor to choose a wife – that should not bear upon her decision.
“I wish Dagon had not left so abruptly,” Electra fretted. “This should be his decision as well. I think I will go to find him. We need to discuss this.”
Delphinia put her hand on Electra’s arm to stay her. “I am sure he left because he did not want to be a party to this decision.”
This statement drew a smile from King Geoffrey who had been unusually quiet. “I always said Dagon had good instincts.”
Electra pursed her lips. “You have never said such a thing in my hearing.”
King Geoffrey’s smile grew as he stood up. “Perhaps I only thought it. Whatever the three of you decide is fine with me. I think I will join Avor in the kitchen to see what I think of milk pudding.”

As soon as King Geoffrey made his hasty exit, Electra sighed. “I suppose if Odval should return sooner than expected, I could explain the reasons for leaving Chimeg here and send for her. It would only mean a delay of a few days to return her to her mother.”
“Yes.” Queen Delphinia clasped her hands in delight. “And it is possible Bataar or Odval might first come to Fernland in any case. Let us go at once and tell Avor of our decision.”
Just at that moment, Avor returned with Chimeg in hand. “Father tells me you are thinking of leaving Chimeg here with us.”
“Yes.” Tears of joy gathered at the corners of Delphinia’s eyes.. “It has been decided. Of course we will need your help with the girl until she learns to speak English.”
Avor nodded. “I will do what I am able, though she misses her mother and brother a great deal.” He paused to say a few words to Chimeg, which brought forth a grin on the child’s face. Avor turned to face his mother. “Perhaps a better solution would be for me to take her to China on the King Geoffrey so that we could both be there for her father’s wedding.”
“No,” both Delphinia and Electra said together.
The two women looked at one another and Electra spoke first. “I could not allow that. There are more reasons than you know that Chimeg must not be at the wedding. I believe I told you before what happened when I was for a time chosen to be Bataar’s second wife.” Electra knew her brother would remember that Odval had tried to kill her. But she did not want her mother to know, and hoped Avor would realize this and say nothing more.
Avor frowned. “That was a long time ago.” 
“In my experience people do not change their way of thinking.” Electra stared intently at her brother.
Avor looked down at Chimeg as he gathered his thoughts. “I will ask Chimeg if she wants to stay here with me.” Avor pointed to himself as he spoke. “Ta end uldekhiig khuscb baina uu?”
Chimeg’s big smile was all the answer they needed.

Chapter 52

On the Eger River

The flat blue waters of the Eger River reflected a gathering of white puffy clouds as a flock of colorful parrots streaked by overhead. Their loud squawks drew the attention of the travelers below.
Floating on the current of clear blue water, the new hires and the Henge travelers pointed out the yellow, blue and green colors of the birds to one another. Four small fishing boats glided gracefully alongside the flotilla of rafts. One of the small boats held Okoro’s father and cousin brother who intended to travel as far as Eko.
Esme trailed her hand in the cool water of the river in spite of Cosmos’ frequent warnings about crocodiles. “Lars said last night that Okoro’s father is very angry with the ivory hunters for taking his son as a slave. He says his village will no longer sell fish to the ivory hunters.”
Cosmos frowned. “I hope he does not intend to start trouble with the ivory hunters when we come upon them. They are killers and carry heavy armaments.”
“Do you think we will cross paths with them?” Shalin asked.
“I am quite sure we will.” Cosmos, content with the speed of the current to move their raft, had his pole across his knees as he sat looking behind at where they had been, rather than ahead. “See how the land is changing around us? We are leaving the desert behind. Now comes more humidity, more trees and greenery. The elephants here will be larger and their tusks longer. We will surely come upon the ivory hunters’ killing fields and see more elephants crossing.”
Shalin and Esme shared a silent thought. We must be ready to defend ourselves and our workers in case they try to take us as slaves.
Esme withdrew her hand from the water and sat up straighter on the raft. “Lars says the cousin brother of Okoro knows the village where most of our new hires come from. He says the village was conquered by a tribe friendly to the ivory hunters and all the captives were sold to them as slaves.”
Alekos, looking forward, held his pole at the ready, should they need to fend off something in their path. He seemed to rouse himself from daydreaming. “It will be very sad for them to see their old village as we pass by.”
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “I wonder if anyone will be left there.” She waved to the men on one of the small boats that came alongside.
Okoro’s father sat in the small boat, smiling, and holding up a large fish that he had pulled from the river.
“The men from Okoro’s village are master fishermen,” Cosmos said, smiling and pointing at the fish the man held up. “We will be eating well on our trip to Eko.”

That evening, the murmuring and sadness of the new hires was palpable in the camp. Lars sat eating a chunk of fish next to Okoro’s cousin brother, translating all he said to the Henge travelers around him.
“Cousin Brother says we will pass the village of the indentured servants tomorrow. He says they were rice farmers and fishermen, though not as good at fishing as his own people, of course. The fight started over an unpaid debt with a neighboring village to the south. They should never have traded with the southern village as they were known to take captives and sell them for profit. Very bad people, he says. They came at night and burned their village, may they all be eaten by crocodiles.”
Lars paused to eat some of his dinner, though Cousin Brother continued to speak. Lars nodded silently as he listened and ate.
“What is he saying now?” Esme asked.
“He speaks of their hard travels, forced to carry heavy ivory tusks for the elephant killers after being sold to Tara traders and taken to Timbitu for resale.”
Esme moved closer to Serafina. “Cosmos says we will surely come across the ivory hunters on our way south. He says Okoro’s father may confront them for taking his son as a slave in secret. He wants them to know they will never be allowed in his village again.”
Serafina nodded. “He may initiate a quarrel he cannot win.”
Shalin sat down beside Esme. “Shall we side with him against the ivory hunters?”
Serafina shrugged. “If they are many, we may find ourselves become slaves along with our newly freed workers.” She looked at Esme. “What decision would you make, given these facts?”
It seemed to Esme that lately her mother was asking her opinion rather more than usual. She tried to come up with a decision that was not based on emotions. “We possess powers the ivory hunters have likely not encountered before,” she stated. “Perhaps we could put them to good use in this circumstance.”
Serafina looked into Esme’s eyes. “And what then of the hunters, should we defeat them? What of the ivory they have killed to obtain? What of their families and friends who will seek vengeance? What of the traders waiting to purchase the ivory and their customers who wish to carve and sell it? Shall we be condemned across Africa?” Serafina asked. Her eyebrows arched with the detachment of a philosopher.
Shalin pondered the questions along with her sister. “It is really the slaughter of elephants you have issue with, is it not, Esme?”
Esme pursed her lips. “In truth? Yes, I suppose it is. I know in people’s dealings conflicts will arise. I hesitate to intervene or take sides in such disputes. But the elephants. They only seek to cross the river to eat of the new growth. Surely they should have some protection from those who kill solely for that white tooth and leave the meat to rot.”
“You will always see your wolf brother in every animal you meet,” Serafina said, pensively.
Esme sighed. “I admit it. I have been tasked with the burden by fate.”
Serafina smiled. “Speaking one’s truth makes decisions much simpler. We are agreed then. Okoro’s father’s quarrel is not our quarrel. Judgment on who is in the right will be out of our purview. We shall concentrate our efforts on finding safe passage for the elephants we come across in our journey. Are we all agreed?”
Esme smiled and nodded.
Shalin saw her life as a potential slave fade away into the night and put her fist over her heart to show her agreement.

The next morning they set out upon the river with heavy hearts, knowing the conquered village of their workers would appear just around the bend.
As they approached the bend, all the new hires stood in solemn silence as the rafts passed by the blackened remains of thatched huts and leveled mudbrick houses. No rice had been planted the year before so the green blades poking above the floodwaters were few in number. The shallow marshland was densely populated with crown birds, geese, cranes, and many other bird species new to the twins.
Shalin watched as the new hires comforted one another, wiping away tears or letting them fall on one another shoulders. “Perhaps they will return here when their seven years are finished,” she said to Alekos.
“Perhaps,” Alekos replied, “though much can change in seven years. They may decide to settle on the island, free from attacks by slave hunters.”
Shalin thought of Bat Island, where the turtles and marine life were abundant. “I can see the sense in such a decision. I know of another remote island where the inhabitants were like-minded.”

The deserted village was quickly out of sight and out of mind by most. They looked ahead to what might come and where their next stop might be.
Cosmos pulled in a hook and line from the river as he pointed to the shore. There, lined up along a beach, lay a long line of crocodiles basking in the sun. “Hold on tight,” he said. “Where there are crocodiles and grasslands, there are hippopotamuses.”
And sure enough, Esme spotted the small loops of eyes rising out of the river to view these invaders of their territory.
The raft bumped one of the great beasts and all aboard held on for their lives, knowing the hippos would not hesitate to stomp and drown any unfortunate enough to fall overboard.
“Look there,” Esme shouted as the raft righted itself.
“What? More hippos?” Shalin called out.
“No. Elephants. Just ahead,” Esme shrieked. “A line without end, all of them ready to cross.”

Chapter 53

On the Eger River

The elephants had chosen a good place to cross the Eger River. The water spread out here to shallow beaches on either side of the river. Luckily, the beach to their right was long enough to accommodate their flotilla of rafts.
On the drop of a signal flag from the lead raft, which carried Serafina, Lars and Sergeant Weaver, the long string of rafts veered toward the starboard shore.
Okoro’s father shouted out a few words and the four small fishing boats headed toward the opposite shore.
The twins’ gazes followed the small boats, wondering if one of their occupants had spotted the ivory hunters lying in wait along the opposite shore.
“They know the elephant killers will be waiting, hidden close by.” Cosmos watched their departing friends.
“Do you suppose they are counting on us to join them in their quarrel?” Shalin asked.
Cosmos laughed. “I doubt it. They likely see us more as potential allies for the ivory hunters. After all, our new hires still wear chains.”
Shalin nodded. This was likely true and probably for the best. Without reinforcements, the eight fishermen would not be so inclined to attack the better-armed hunters.
Esme turned her attention back to the elephants now hesitating at the edge of the river. They milled around a bit amid much trumpeting from the ranks, testing the scents on the breeze with upraised trunks, the firmness of the banks with their huge rounded feet and the strength of the current against their partially submerged bodies.
As to the presence of those humans watching from either side of the river, the elephants seemed unconcerned. A few of the younger elephants turned curious looks in the direction of the rafts, but the matriarch elephant leaders had more pressing concerns.
There were likely crocodiles below, drawn by instinct to the scent of the elephants. The current was swift, pushed along by floodwaters upstream. The mud could be treacherous due to their great weight.
As soon as her raft touched shore, Esme was off and running in the direction of the elephants.
Shalin ran swiftly to keep up. They heard calls from the rafts, but they were drowned out by elephant noises and failed to slow Esme. She stopped only when a great male elephant challenged her with his swinging head and a trumpeted warning.
Shalin caught up to her sister and called out to alert her. “Look across the river.”
There on the opposite shore, they saw what they expected to see. Huddled behind straw blinds crouched the ivory hunters, waiting quietly with their spears, hatchets and chains held at the ready.
“The elephants’ minds are focused on the safety of the calves.” Esme pointed at the elephant herd’s leaders. “They are not thinking about being attacked.”
“We could spread a great wave over the ivory hunters. It would knock them over without killing them,” Shalin suggested.
“Then they would likely be trampled by the elephants as they passed by,” Esme argued. “Besides, the fishermen are there now, making accusations. They would be hit by the wave and trampled as well. No, we need to make the elephants cross further downstream.”
“How shall we do that?” Shalin asked. “Look, the first one is starting across.”
“Water monsters.” Esme had a determined expression. As soon as she said the words, a huge watery shape drew itself up from the water. It waved to and fro, transparent, yet threatening, writhing in front of the elephant matriarch.
The elephant stopped and lifted her trunk in warning to those who followed.
Shalin drew up a second water monster just upstream of the elephants to forbid a turn to the left. The elephant was forced to turn down stream to cross where the bank on the opposite side was slightly higher but still passable by the great beasts.
The elephants behind followed in the leader’s footsteps, pressed from behind by the innumerable herd, anxious to cross.
Those hunters and fishermen on the opposite shore had stopped their squabbles to stare in amazement at the water monsters. A few fell down with their faces to the ground, assured that they were in the presence of water spirits.
Shalin allowed her water monster to slide back into the current. Esme’s continued to writhe back and forth in the river like a thing possessed until Serafina came up behind her daughter and kissed her on the top of her head.
“Perhaps it is time to lay the water god to rest,” she said softly. “I believe you have shocked both man and beast into submission.”
Esme blinked as she released her hold on the water and it slid back down, once again shapeless in the current. She looked around stealthily. “Do you suppose anyone knows we were responsible?”
Shalin saw Lars with his fists raised above his head in a cheer as he looked straight at her.
Serafina smiled. “Perhaps, but only those who already know of your powers. I am sure the others all think they have witnessed a thing without explanation.”
The elephants continued to cross. It could be several hours before their crossing was completed, such was their number.
The ivory hunters had fled in superstitious terror. They would surely still kill some elephants but the taking would not be so easy now, and the number of trophies greatly reduced.
The Henge travelers decided to set up camp where they were and watch as the elephants continued their long crossing. Crocodiles showed up eventually and a few young elephants fell victim to their great jaws, but many more made it safely to the far shore and began at once to feast upon the new tender green growth.
In the distance the campers could hear the roars of lions hunting in the night. Many shadowy shapes came down to the river at night to drink. The campers kept their campfires well supplied with fuel through the dark African night.

The twins rolled out their sleeping blankets close to Lars that night. They were eager to hear anything he might have heard from the fishermen who confronted the ivory hunters.
“They did not say much.” Lars fed another piece of driftwood into the flames of the campfire. “Only that they told the ivory hunters they knew that they had taken Okoro prisoner and sold him as a slave.”
“What did the hunters say to that?” Shalin asked.
“They denied it. They said they only bought slaves who had been taken prisoner in battles fairly fought and won.”
“Did Okoro’s father believe them?”
“No. He said they were banned from trade in his village.”
“And that was the end of it?” Esme asked.
Lars smiled. “Then water spirits rose up out of the river and human negotiations more or less came to an end, as some fled and others fell to the ground in prayer.”
Esme smiled. “Let each look to his own conscience then, as to whether it be a good sign or a bad omen.”

Chapter 54

On the Eger River

After many days aboard the rafts, the twins were still savoring new vistas. The landscape had turned from woodlands to jungle. Multi-trunked trees hung over the swamps they passed through and the screeching of apes swinging through the tree limbs competed with the birdsong of brightly colored feathered creatures.
“We are fortunate to have Okoro’s cousin brother with us.” Shalin lay on her back on the raft, the better to search the overhanging trees for wildlife. “Otherwise how would we know which of these many river tributaries to take to reach Eko?”
Esme watched a crocodile slide from its muddy beach into the water. The humidity made it seem as though the very air they traversed was a river of sorts. “I would hate to become lost amid all the swamps,” Esme agreed.
Alekos wiped his dripping face with his sleeve. “It will be good to reach the open sea again. The sea and perhaps a breeze.”
Cosmos smiled. “If we be lucky, the Jungle Queen might be in port. Perhaps I can retake my old position as first mate.”
“Will you gamble away your newfound wealth?” Esme asked.
Cosmos’ face pinched into a sour look. “Do you think me so unlucky? Perhaps I will double my earnings.”
Esme smiled. “Perhaps.”
“No, you are correct. Luck is too fickle a sprite. I have decided to put away my money for a time when I am too old to go to sea.”
“Perhaps you could sign on with the Kingdom of Henge.” Shalin sat up, hoping Cosmos might consider it.
Cosmos shook his head. “No, I prefer a position with structure. On your ship there is no routine and your mother or uncle decides the order of things.”
“What of you, Alekos?” Esme asked. “Will you continue on with us aboard the Kingdom of Henge?”
Alekos shrugged. “Now that I have found my brother after fearing him dead, I am not so quick to be separated from him. Let us see what choices await us in Eko.”

Two days later, the village of Eko came into view and all aboard the rafts felt relief. The humidity eased, the insects thinned out, a slight breeze relieved the oppressive heat. The sea beyond the village came into view and those aboard the rafts were finally able to relax.
It took a moment to realize the possibility of a new threat. The village was quiet. Too quiet. Only one small group of blue-veiled traders sat idle in the marketplace.
“Where is everyone?” Esme was bewildered by the empty market.
“There is the Kingdom of Henge, still at anchor offshore.” Shalin was relieved to see movement on the ship, though she could not make out who it was from such a distance. “Perhaps the villagers are tending their farm plots.”
“All of them?” Esme looked doubtful. “Even the elders are gone from under their tree.”
The rafts were pulled ashore one by one and unloaded of people and supplies as those coming ashore looked around in a tentative manner, on guard.
Lars approached the blue-veiled men in the market and spoke to them at length in the Tara language.
Shalin and Esme jumped ashore as soon as their raft was secured and ran to join their mother.
“Where is everyone?” Esme asked.
Serafina stared at the blue-veiled men. “Lars is trying to find out.”
Lars jogged back to where their group was gathered at the edge of the river, ready to jump back on their rafts if need be.
Lars stopped and caught his breath. “Those blue-veiled men are ivory traders, ready to head north when the ivory hunters arrive with their annual harvest of elephant tusks.”
“How do they plan to haul their burden north?” Serafina asked.
“I hinted at that, though they avoided a direct answer. I assume an annual harvest of slaves is thought to accompany the ivory,” Lars speculated.
“That may explain the empty marketplace.” Serafina appeared uneasy. “Let us go quickly to our ship before the Tara men get ideas about our new indentures.”
Lars stared at the four Tara traders he had questioned. “I think that a good plan. There may be more Tara traders out of sight.” He glanced out at their ship, bobbing gently in a ripple of waves. “We could try signaling the captain to send out a shore boat, or I could run down to the Tavern and ask Paddy’s help in securing some row boats.”
“No need,” Serafina said. “We can pull the small fishing boats of the fisher folk through the shallow swamp and use them to make the short trip to the ship.”
“I will speak to Okoro’s cousin brother.” Lars hurried away in the direction of the cousin brother and his relatives.
A short time later, the first group of travelers was on their way to the Kingdom of Henge. Serafina had judged it prudent to send the new hires first, along with a soldier in each boat.
As the new hires climbed aboard the Kingdom of Henge, the ship came alive. The twins could see Uncle Phinn and other members of the acting troupe waving to them.
On the fourth rotation from shore, the twins found themselves sad to leave Cosmos and Alekos but eager to see their old friends aboard ship.
“Will you be safe here waiting for the Jungle Queen?” Shalin asked Alekos and Cosmos. 
“I believe we will be,” Cosmos said. “We will stay with Paddy down at the Tavern until a ship arrives looking for crew.”
“Come visit us at Henge.” Esme was sad to leave her raft mates.
“You know we will,” Alekos promised. “All the ships stop there.”
Serafina joined the group and turned to Cosmos and Alekos. “I would like to hire the two of you as my agents in Eko. No doubt Captain Hardy has made inquiries about ships for hire, but I prefer to hire people I know and trust. I would charge you with finding a small galley ship to manage the runs from Eko to Bat Island. You will need to load the stored guano from the island first to the galley and then transfer it to larger ships headed for Henge.” She took a few gold coins from the pocket of her tunic and held them out. “How say you?”
After a quick glance at his brother, Cosmos said, “We accept and gladly.” Cosmos took the proffered coins and deposited them in his pocket.
“Good. The first shipment should be ready to collect in a month or so. I have told Okoro’s father that he may travel with you if he wishes to visit his son and daughter-in-law on Bat Island. As to others visiting, you should send word to me in Henge before granting permission. I wish the island to remain secluded until Henge is finished mining the guano there.”
“I understand.” Cosmos could not hide a grin over his continued good fortune. “Good voyage to you.”
“And to you,” Serafina replied.
Esme and Shalin hugged their old raft mates and followed their mother with the last group to board the Kingdom of Henge.

Phinn waited at the railing alongside Drake to welcome them aboard. “It has been so long we had begun to worry.”
“Why is the village deserted?” Shalin asked.
Phinn nodded. “You noticed. We understand they are taking precautions. If the haul of ivory is great and the delivery of slaves falls short, all around are in danger of being taken slave to help carry the ivory north.”
Esme cast an amused glance at her sister before commenting. “The haul of ivory may not be so great this year as in previous years.”
“Let us hope so.” Phinn was anxious to share the troupe’s good tidings. “We have news aboard and are still in celebration mode.”
“What news?” Serafina asked.
“Our own Smiles and Trixie are now man and wife.”
“We must congratulate them.” Serafina looked around the ship. “Any other news since we left?”
“Only that the entire acting troupe is now officially made members of the Eko tribe.” Phinn glanced down at his son. “And Drake and I have now become African drummers.”
Drake smiled. “I have a new two-sided drum.”
“Further celebrations will have to wait.” Serafina looked back at the empty market place. “If we have sufficient supplies aboard for so many as we have become, we need to weigh anchor at once and head for Bat Island.”
“I will tell the captain,” Phinn said. “I hope everyone likes yams.”

Chapter 55

Bat Island

Fair winds followed the Kingdom of Henge all the way to Bat Island. The passengers wasted no time disembarking from the overcrowded ship.
There was no sign of the whales with their new calves. They had moved on, as had the great turtles. But as those aboard ship were rowed to the island, they were met with thousands of newly hatched baby turtles swarming into the sea.
This fresh supply of food brought out a great commotion both in the air and in the water as predators attacked the tiny animals. Enough escaped capture to ensure their survival as a species, but it was still a slaughter that captured the twins’ attention.
“So many hatchlings.” Esme stared down at the multitude of tiny moving shells attempting to hide among bits of seaweed . “All left to their own devices. Where are their parents to protect them?”
“I suppose their great number offers some protection.” Shalin peered down into the clear blue water from the shore boat.
Esme scooped one little hatchling out of the water. “Perhaps I will protect this one.” 
“Better to let him do as his instincts command,” Shalin cautioned. “Perhaps he needs the moisture from the sea to survive.”
“Of course you are right.” Esme took one last lingering look before setting him back down in the water. “Good luck to you, little one.”
They jumped from the shore boat as soon as it neared the beach, freeing Bern to go back to the ship for more passengers.
Lars was already ashore, using the few words he knew from Okoro’s cousin brother to begin teaching English to the new hires.
He pointed to his hand and said the word for hand first in their native language and then in English. When he had exhausted his supply of native words, he began simply pointing to things around him and supplying the English words. After much repetition, the new hires had a few English words in their vocabulary.
Serafina came ashore with Sergeant Weaver and began at once to issue orders.
“I think it best to erect thatched huts here on the beach. They are accustomed to living in such structures and they will know how to construct their dwellings from the reeds and sticks available on the island. We will need a shed to store the guano for shipment back to Eko. The soldiers can help with that.”
Serafina paused to assess her surroundings. “Over there, at the edge of the beach, will be a good place for the shed. Close to the water for ease of loading the guano aboard ship.”
It seemed there was to be no time of adjustment before work began and soon the chains were removed and everyone was involved in his appointed task.
By the close of the first day, the first few thatched huts were erected and the frame for the shed was completed.
Phinn and Drake had their drums ashore and were sending joyful rhythms through the air as the new hires built campfires to cook an evening meal. So contagious were the rhythms, the others in the acting troupe soon joined in with flutes and tambourines. The evening took on a party atmosphere, with several of the new hires taking a turn with the drums.
Serafina lay on a blanket near a campfire and Shalin thought her mother looked weary.
“Do you think Mother might be having a relapse of her disease?” she asked Esme.
“Physician Gwafa said it could happen.” Esme snuck an appraising glance at her mother. “I still have some of the sweet wormwood in my medicine bag. Perhaps I will make a drink of it for her.”
As Esme went to retrieve her bag, Shalin thought she saw a tremor pass through her mother’s body. “Esme has gone to make you a broth from the sweet wormwood,” she told her mother.
“A good idea.” Serafina wiped a sheen of perspiration from her face. “We have a great deal to accomplish here before we leave.” With those words she closed her eyes and lapsed into a fitful sleep.

The next morning Serafina was well enough to issue orders from where she lay by the campfire.
“You must take the new hires to the first few caves and show them the guano that is to be collected,” she told Sergeant Weaver. “But take care not to disturb the sleeping bats. This evening after they have left the caves to hunt, we will go in with torches and shovels to begin the collection. Today should be spent in making torches and erecting carts from the materials we bought in Timbitu.”
After giving these orders and drinking more of the concoction Esme had made the night before, Serafina fell back to sleep.
“This cannot continue,” Esme fretted to her sister. “She will become too weak. We must get Mother back to Henge soon, where she can be properly cared for.”
Shalin shrugged. “You know she will never agree to that as long as she thinks she is needed here.” 
“Then let us take charge to make sure she is no longer needed here. What is left to do before we can leave?” Esme asked.
“We must leave the new hires rice, dried peas and yams enough for a month, and the fishing gear they will require to catch fresh fish from the sea.” Shalin thought for a moment. “And we should ask Sergeant Weaver to accompany the first shipment to Henge to make sure all goes as planned.”
Esme nodded in agreement. “The new hires know how to build their own thatched huts. They do not require our assistance there – not that we would be much help in any case.”
“And the soldiers can show them what to do in the caves.” Shalin began to suspect their mother’s presence was no longer necessary. 
“Lars has given them a few English words. They can learn more from the soldiers,” Esme decided.
“I see no reason why we cannot leave today.” Shalin looked at her sister to see if she agreed.
Esme moved closer to her mother to check for fever. “She is beginning to tremble. I will ask Bern to help me get her to the ship.”
Shalin nodded. “And I will find Sergeant Weaver and explain the situation to him. Be sure to bring enough food for a month back from the ship when you return. And fishing tackle. And empty barrels to store water. And—” She could think of nothing else to bring, but she would ask Sergeant Weaver what else they might require for their stay here.

Shalin found Sergeant Weaver overseeing the construction of the storage shed.
“Mother has had a relapse of malaria. Esme thinks we should leave at once to take her back to Henge.”
An anxious expression stole over the Sergeant’s face, whether for Serafina’s fate or his own was not clear. Possibly both. “I see,” he said.
“Esme is bringing a month’s supply of rice and dried peas from the ship as well as tackle for fishing and empty barrels for water storage. Is there anything else you think you might need before we leave?”
Sergeant Weaver ran his fingers through his hair as he thought. “We have axes and the makings for carts. Perhaps some medical supplies in case of accidents?”
“Yes, of course,” Shalin said. “We should have thought of that.” She paused to look out at their ship for a moment. “Would you be able to accompany the first shipment of guano back to Henge to make sure all goes well?”
The relief on Sergeant Weaver’s face was evident. Did he think they planned to leave him here for seven years?
“That is a good idea.” Sergeant Weaver smiled. “That will enable me to bring back a new rotation of troops. While I am in Henge I will speak to your father about the length of time we should allow for each rotation.”
“Good,” Shalin agreed. “Then I will go and inform Captain Hardy and Uncle Phinn of our decision.”
“We will come to wish you good voyage when you are ready to leave,” the sergeant said.
By afternoon the acting troupe was aboard. Serafina was abed below deck with Esme in attendance.
The new hires and the Henge soldiers stood on shore waving goodbye until they appeared only as specks in the distance to those aboard ship and on their way home.

Chapter 56

Port of Henge

The speed of the small ship, the Kingdom of Henge, was never more evident than in its swift return from Bat Island along the coast of Africa, past the inlet to Kings Lake and on up the coast to the port of Henge. When wind to fill the sails was lacking, the twins were able to gather up enough errant breezes from just offshore to keep up their pace.
Esme and Shalin both stood at the railing of the ship as the port of Henge came into view.
Esme, looking out at her home, spoke softly but decisively. “The first thing I intend to do is send to Helsop for Electra to see to mother’s recovery. Although she is back from her delirium, I fear repetitions of the disease.”
“Yes,” Shalin agreed. “Electra surely will come quickly, with fresh ideas.” She smiled at her sister. “And the second thing you will do?”
Esme laughed. “Sleep for a day and a night without interruption. But that will have to wait for Electra’s arrival.” Esme sought her sister’s eyes. “And what have you looked forward to?”
“I long to see Father and Grandfather. But I will miss my life at sea, always anticipating the coming of new ports with the chance to visit ancient cities and discover their secrets.”
Esme nodded. “I never imagined animals of such a size and presence as those we saw in Africa. I would not reject a return visit.”
“Even with the dangers involved? The chance of contracting malaria?” Shalin asked.
“Even so.” Esme smiled. “Perhaps our powers prevent our falling ill to it. I would like to think so, though I would be a poor physician to believe it.”

Once the ship was anchored and tied up dockside, Esme and Shalin walked down the gangplank with their mother. 
“Do not frighten your father was stories of my sickness,” Serafina grumbled. “I am feeling quite recovered now and do not see the point of worrying him.”
Esme nodded in a tentative manner. “Still, relapses are troublesome. I had thought to invite Electra for a visit to see if she might have ideas for prevention of further episodes. It might be that her mentor, Physician Rabar, was familiar with the disease and may have taught her a remedy when she was his apprentice.”
Serafina made a slight grunt of acquiescence. “As you will. I always welcome a visit from your sister.”
“Have we a gift for Father?” Shalin asked, suddenly aware that they had not thought to buy anything for him in Timbitu’s marketplace.”
“His gift will be the first shipment of guano which will arrive in a few weeks’ time,” Serafina said. “Anything less would have made the trip pointless.”

Prince Blackwell was overjoyed to welcome his family home and hugged them all tightly. “My precious family.” His face showed a mixture of happiness and prolonged loneliness. “May you never be so long away again. All the news is yours. Henge has been quiet to the point of boredom while you have been gone.”
The travelers sat at the table, thankful for the abundance of fresh food after a long diet of bland ship’s fare.
“The long and short of it is that our enterprise is established,” Serafina reported. “We have purchased the indentured labor of thirty-five workers who are already digging out the guano from Bat Island’s caves. Alekos and his brother have been hired to arrange the collection of shipments to and from the island to the port of Eko where the guano will be transferred to larger cargo vessels on their way to Henge.”
“That is the short of it,” Prince Blackwell complained. “Now give us the longer version. How came you upon the thirty-five workers?”
Prince Blackwell’s father, the old King, set down his knife with a thump. “And what took you so long? We could have had our army come and mine the whole island in the months it took you to get this thing started.”
Serafina smiled. “The Africans are more suited to the climate there. You may have found your army sorely bruised by the working conditions on the island.”
“It’s not like they have anything else to do,” the old King complained. “The army hasn’t seen a battle in years. And who is this fellow Soldad, sending gifts to Shalin?”
“Soldad has sent something?” Shalin asked.
“We left it in your room.” Prince Blackwell seemed anxious to get back to the story of their travels. “Now please continue with your account, and leave no detail unspoken.”
“I will be right back.” Shalin jumped up before anyone could object. “Please go on without me.”
Shalin dashed up the stairs and saw the gift wrapped in a silver cloth, lying on her bed. Pulling off the string and cloth, she opened the book. It was written in Greek with drawings of ancient places – cities tall with columns and temples, stone buildings and towers. She clutched the book to her chest and knew her next months would be spent in learning to read Greek.

Three days later Electra arrived along with Dag and his dog, Fang. Esme had asked the guard at the eastern gate to advise her when Electra passed through, so she was able to intercept her on the way to the castle.
“Electra, and Dag.” Esme looked at her friends gratefully. She hugged Electra and flashed a broad smile at Dag. “Thank you both for coming. I know you have made haste because of the dire tone of my message. You will find Mother much improved when you see her, but do not think I have summoned you on a whim. This seems an insidious disease with relapses as dangerous as the onset. Have you any experience with malaria?”
“I have heard Physician Rabar speak of it, but I have not yet seen a case,” Electra said. “It is as you say, dangerous even in the long term. I appreciate your summons. You say she is somewhat recovered?”
“She believes herself fully recovered and will not permit any mention of the disease to Father. I had hoped you might know how to prevent further relapses.”
“Unfortunately, I do not, but I appreciate your giving me warning of her attitude.” Electra shook her head slowly as she considered this information. “Her denial of the power of the disease does not surprise me. She has always been loath to admit to any weakness.”

Electra chatted amiably with Henge’s Royal Family over lunch. “We were forced to leave Bataar’s daughter, Chimeg, with my family in Fernland, as my brother Avor is the only one who speaks her language,” she said, completing her summary of her last visit to Fernland.
“Has the King Geoffrey departed again for China?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Not at the time of our leaving,” Electra said. “There was some talk of the war in China and whether another trip would be advisable, but I believe the consensus was that the south of China would still be safe for travel.”
“I appreciate China’s keeping Barburee occupied and away from our shores.” Prince Blackwell’s jesting was short-lived. He frowned as he considered Electra’s words. “It does not surprise me that such barbarous people would leave a child behind.”
Shalin, sensing that the chapter on Barburee was closed, saw an opening for her own interests. “I have a book from a friend which is written in Greek. I had thought I might visit you in Helsop for a time to translate it since I believe it bears on some of the cities mentioned in your Fish Book.”
Electra turned to Shalin with evident interest. “Or perhaps I could extend my stay here in Henge for a time. We could begin work on it at once.”
Serafina looked back and forth from Shalin to Electra, suspecting a conspiracy where there was none.
At least Shalin knew she herself was innocent of all ulterior motives. She merely wanted to know what her treasured new book described, but she now saw how she had just given Electra a reason to stay longer to assess the ravages of her mother’s disease.
“You would of course be welcome to stay as long as you want,” Serafina offered, “though I could certainly help Shalin to translate a book written in Greek.”
Electra held up a hand in a pause motion. “If it is as Shalin believes, a book which touches on the authenticity of my Fish Book, I would not dream of leaving without knowing the contents.”
Perhaps Electra was innocent of any conspiracy as well, Shalin thought. She could see in Electra’s mind, that she meant every word. The Fish Book had become important in her life.

Chapter 57

Kingdom of Henge

The days of Electra and Dag’s visit to Henge passed swiftly. Serafina seemed to be gaining strength and the twins knew Electra would soon need to return to her family in Helsop.
Shalin sat with her mother and Electra in the library of Henge’s castle, studying Shalin’s book on ancient cities. Shalin knew Electra had been watching Serafina closely for signs of residual malaria and had even suggested a trip to Fernland to get Physician Rabar’s advice, but Serafina had resisted any discussion of her disease.
“This word.” Electra pointed to a group of Greek letters. “Geneteira. I have seen it in the Fish Book. It means birthplace, I believe. And it is the same city, Bethleem. This is very exciting. It means the Fish Book is based on truth, not fiction. Bethleem did exist. And it was the birthplace of Yeshua.”
The picture in Shalin’s book showed a drawing of stone buildings packed closely together, one and two stories high, with spires jutting out at various places across the city. The streets were narrow with one wide space housing a busy marketplace peppered with tiny vendors and shoppers along with their carts and animals.
Shalin pointed to one of the spires. “Soldad said Bethleem is different today. It has been conquered and changed governments many times since Yeshua was born there. But he has seen it. He visited a few years ago and he said he was shown many traces of Yeshua’s story, both there and in Jerusalem.”
“How I wish I could go there and see it for myself.” Electra placed her hand over the picture.
Serafina shrugged. “Then you should go.”
Electra smiled. “I have Soren and Gregor to think about now. Not to mention my students and the school of medicine. I am sure Dagon would not want to go. He hated his trip to the Euphrates River Valley. He would find any excuse to keep from returning to that part of the world.” She sighed. “I see no hope of going there anytime soon.”
Shalin wondered if she dare mention her own desire to go there and explore the ancient ruins. She had regained her parents’ trust of late and was free to go throughout Henge without gaining permission. She did not want to lose her hard-earned privileges by hinting that she was anxious to go further afield.
“Mother and I hope to revisit Timbitu one day,” she said instead, glancing at her mother. “There are many interesting libraries there. It seems it has become a competition among the residents there to own the largest collection of scrolls and codices.”
Serafina smiled at her daughter. “This is true.” She turned to Electra. “We met a woman there, Timti, who employs scribes to copy books for her library. She has promised to send a copy of one of her books to each of us. To me she will send a book on African sorcery.”
Shalin’s eyes brightened as she broke into the discussion. “And to me a book on ancient astrology.”
“That is wonderful.” Electra’s eyes lit up with excitement. “Who else will receive one?”
“Only Esme,” Serafina said. “She was promised one on the animals of Africa.”
“She will love that.” Electra seemed suddenly aware of the twin’s absence. “Where is Esme today? Is she not interested in your new book of ancient cities?”
Shalin laughed. “No, she is not interested in ancient cities or their languages. I believe she left with Dag and Fang to go exploring with her south-finder. They located some rocks that have the power to draw the fish tail askew even though its natural bent is to point south. They hope to find other rocks with this ability and perhaps some gemstones as well.”
Electra smiled. “Dag shows great promise as a tracker. He is even training his dog, Fang, to track using her keen sense of smell. Perhaps Fang will sniff out some gemstones.”

Esme and Dag raced one another up the side of the hill where they could see a large outcropping of black rock.
Dag stopped at a patch of scree as Esme ran ahead.
Esme stopped when she realized Dag was no longer competing in the race. She returned to where he sat on his haunches examining a patch of black shiny stones.
“Let me have your south-finder.” He did not look up, but held out his hand.
Esme thought about refusing to obey before he told her what had seized his interest, but, too curious to waste time arguing, relented and placed the south-finder in his hand.
They both watched as the fish tail swung sharply around to point away from the stones.
“I thought so.” Dag sat up and looked at Esme.
“You thought what?” Esme demanded, her impatience gathering.
Dag held up one of the shiny stones, which showed a crystalline shape of four flat sides rising to a point. “This is a large outcrop of very rich iron ore, even richer than those few crystals we found before you left for Africa. These rocks are much richer in iron than what we are now digging out of our pit mine near the glacier.”
Esme examined the smooth edges of the stone. “Why is that important? It is shiny but too drab a color to be a jewel.”
Dag stood up. “It is important because it would require less smelting and could be turned into a superior sword or ax. I know Dorian the Sword Maker would be interested in having some of this iron ore.”
Esme shrugged. “Perhaps my father would sell it to him. He buys most of his weapons from Helsop in any case. He would likely trade the ore for weapons.”
Dag nodded. “Let’s not say anything about finding it until I have a chance to speak to Dagon about it.”
“All right,” Esme agreed. “Do you want to go to the top of the hill?”
“Maybe tomorrow.” Dag looked at the sun’s place in the sky. “We should go back for dinner. I’m grateful to Electra for bringing me along as her guard and do not want to cause her to rethink her decision if I bring you back too late.” 
Esme smiled. “You are more cautious than I.”
“And a good thing I am.” Dag brushed the black dust from his trousers. “Otherwise we might both be in constant trouble.”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “I believe Electra intends to return to Helsop soon.”
“I know. She has already stayed longer than I thought she would.” Dag handed the south finder back to Esme and caught her eye. “Will you stay or go?”
Esme shrugged. “I had thought to stay and care for Mother, but she seems much improved. I would like to go with you back to Helsop. I miss the school and the other students.”
“Is that all?” Dag asked.
Esme grinned. “All right, I miss going on hunts with you in the forest. Is that the confession you seek?”
Dag shook his head. “No, I thought you likely missed having dried fish every day for lunch.”
Esme picked up a black crystal to throw at him, but Dag was already running down the hill laughing.















	




















