Royal Twins Shalin and Esme Book 4  A Map of the World

by Dory Lee Maske


Copyright © 2021 by Dory Lee Maske
All rights reserved

Cover design by Stephen Macias

Smashwords edition 2021

Discover other titles by Dory Lee Maske at Smashwords.com
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DoryLeeMaske




This book is dedicated to Pia and Zoe who drew the picture of Shalin holding her prayer wheel.









A Map of the World

                         by Dory Lee Maske












Chapter 1

Kingdom of Henge

Spring was in full bloom at the port city of Henge. With fair weather, ship travel increased and several trading vessels lay at anchor in Henge’s harbor.
Thirteen-year-old Shalin and her mother Serafina were in the library of Henge’s castle translating the markings on an ancient clay tablet, when Shalin’s father Prince Blackwell appeared at the open doorway.
“Am I interrupting anything important?” he asked.
Shalin was surprised to see him. He usually avoided coming anywhere near the library. She knew her father was proud of Serafina with her vast knowledge of science and sorcery, but she also knew that the secret knowledge found in books concerning the dark arts made him uncomfortable.
“Nothing urgent,” Serafina assured him. “Please join us.”
Shalin could read the same surprise she felt at her father’s appearance in her mother’s mind. Her mother knew her husband would not invade a space dedicated to the dark arts without good reason.
Prince Blackwell took a seat at the far end of the library’s only table, close to the door. He tried for a relaxed pose. “We have news from Lieutenant Price at Bat Island,” he began.
“I saw the Jungle Queen come into port this morning,” Serafina said. “I hoped she might be carrying a load of guano from Bat Island.”
“And she was,” Prince Blackwell confirmed. “A rather larger load then we had expected. I ordered our soldiers to begin construction of a new storage area to hold it all.”
“Is that the news you bring?” Serafina asked.
“No, not entirely.” Prince Blackwell’s brow wrinkled into a thoughtful expression. “There is a reason the load was larger than expected. Lieutenant Price reports that a few small boats from the tribe of one of our indentured servants arrived unexpectedly at Bat Island.”
“From Okoro’s tribe?” Shalin blurted.
Prince Blackwell’s mouth fell open. “Yes. How could you know that?”
Shalin looked down at the table sheepishly. “It is just that most of our indentures are from a common village – the remnant that survived after being conquered by a neighboring tribe. Only Okoro and his wife come from a different tribe, a tribe of fisher folk that we visited on our trip down the Eger River.  His father was given permission by Mother to visit his son on Bat Island.”
“I see,” Prince Blackwell said. “Yes, I understand now how this situation has come about.”
“What is the situation?” Serafina asked.
“It seems the people in the boats wish to stay on the island. They offered to mine the guano along with the indentures already there in hopes that they too would be offered contracts of one sort or another.”
Serafina’s expression turned dark. “My orders were that no one was to be allowed on the island, other than Okoro’s family.”
“Yes, Lieutenant Price was aware of that rule. However, he allowed them to stay until a breeze picked up as they could not return without it in the doldrums.”
“And when the breeze came?” Serafina tapped a finger nail on the table, waiting.
“He delayed sending them away even then because they increased production. He thought he should ask if we might want to allow them to stay.”
“Does he foresee problems, should we allow it?” Serafina asked.
“He did not mention in his message that they are from a different tribe than most of those on the island, but he did say they are excellent fishermen and the entire group has been eating better since the newcomers arrived.”
Serafina was silent for a moment, considering this new development, then began speaking slowly as though dredging up thoughts from a place deep within.  “We have more niter than we need, especially now that we have more hands to mine the caves of Bat Island.  We had toyed with the idea of selling our excess exploding arrows and hand balls to ports around the Great Sea.”
Serafina stopped speaking for a moment.
Shalin followed her mother’s thinking carefully and knew she was waiting for Prince Blackwell to put the pieces of her argument together in his own mind. 
Prince Blackwell nodded slowly before speaking. “With our newly discovered source of rich iron ore and the possibility of increased shipments of niter, perhaps it is time to put into action our strategy to weaken the Great Khan’s influence. If our exploding weapons free the ports of the world from pirate attacks, the Great Khan’s monopoly of overland trade will cease to be the safer alternative to shipping.” 
Shalin read her father’s mind as he imagined such a plan unfolding successfully over time. The Great Khan’s hold on the world would loosen and his dominions begin to crumble. The idea pleased her father.
“It is time to invite King Geoffrey of Fernland and Dagon of Helsop to Henge for a meeting,” Blackwell stated.
“It would need to be a secret meeting,” Serafina warned. “If any word of our plan should reach the ear of the Great Khan, he would turn his armies away from China and toward us here in the west.”
“Yes, we must be very careful to keep that from happening,” Blackwell agreed.
“You could invite Fernland and Helsop to the hundredth anniversary of the founding of Henge’s army,” Shalin suggested.
“The what?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Remember?” Shalin continued. “Last year when Queen Delphinia asked why you were going to the Great Sea to get fire flowers, you said you needed them to celebrate the one hundredth anniversary of the establishment of Henge’s army. She is likely still waiting for an invitation to that fictitious event.”
Serafina laughed. “You are correct. She would be waiting for just such a missive. And so might Dagon be, if Delphinia mentioned it to Electra.”
Prince Blackwell nodded. “Yes, we will send out invitations that read just so.” He looked at Serafina. “Do you think you could re-create the ingredients of the fire flower canisters? It would add a festive air if we were able to have a few burst into stars above our harbor.” He swallowed.  “Although I do not like to recall that night in Constantinople when our ship was destroyed by our cargo of exploding fire flowers.”
Serafina nodded sympathetically. “Yes, it was a great setback for us in our plan to thwart King Gundar’s attempt at independence. But that approach failed. This new tactic has a greater chance of success, I believe. It is a long term strategy that will go unnoticed until the damage to the Great Khan’s empire is too vast to combat.” Serafina’s eyes gazed out at a future she saw in her mind, before bringing her focus back to her husband. “As to your question about making our own fire flowers – yes, I could certainly do that. It is a project that I will undertake with enthusiasm.”
Prince Blackwell rubbed his chin between his thumb and forefinger. “We will bring Phinn and his acting troupe back to Henge for the celebration. He has been in Fernland long enough. Father mourns his absence from the castle and truth be told, so do I.”
“I miss him, too,” Shalin said. “I would have stayed longer with the acting troupe in Fernland, had I not grown homesick for Henge.” 
Prince Blackwell smiled at his daughter. “I know you miss your Uncle Phinn. I shall order him back to Henge forthwith.” He turned to his wife. “Shall we set the date of our hundred year celebration for a fortnight from now? Will that give you enough time to construct your fire flowers?”
“Yes, more than enough time. I should like to go to Helsop to invite Electra and Dagon in person. I wish to see how Esme is faring while I am there. Perhaps Shalin and I could leave tomorrow for Helsop?”
“Blackwell nodded. “That should be fine.” Shalin could see he was remembering why he had come to the library in the first place. “Shall I send word then to Lieutenant Price that the interlopers be allowed to stay on Bat Island?”
“Yes,” Serafina said. “But we will not pay them an indenture price. I imagine they are seeking a place to hide from the ivory merchants. Tell them they may stay on the island and eat our fish for as long as they mine guano alongside our workers. But they are also free to leave at any time.”

Chapter 2

Village of Helsop

A single candle glowed in the nighttime darkness of Helsop’s medical clinic. From within came the sound of a softly sung lullaby. 
Esme sat on a cot, with the newborn against her chest, warming the infant with her body. The baby girl was small, born a month too soon. Her mother lay sleeping on a neighboring cot.
Esme’s cousin Electra, head of Helsop’s school of medicine, had brought both mother and child to the clinic before dawn after a difficult birth. She had roused Esme from a deep sleep, asking her to stay with them while she rested.
Esme tried to keep the infant girl warm and quiet while the child’s mother got the rest she needed to recover. She knew Electra would take over for her as soon as she caught up on her own sleep.
Hearing horses approaching, Esme walked to the door of the clinic where the rising sun colored the eastern sky. Three horses came to a halt at the door to the clinic. Esme was surprised to see her friend Dag and his mentor, Maki the Scout, atop two of the horses. The third horse held a body draped over the saddle. Dag’s dog Fang panted alongside, tired from keeping up with the horses.
“He is not dead, only unconscious,” Dag said before Esme could ask the question.
“Bring him in quietly,” Esme whispered. “We have a patient here who needs her sleep.”
The two men brought the unconscious man into the clinic quietly and laid him on a cot near the door.
Esme placed the sleeping infant in a cradle beside her mother’s bed and hurried over with blankets for her new patient.
“Help me to get him undressed,” Esme ordered in a soft voice. “We need to check for other injuries.”
While Dag and Maki removed the man’s boots and outer clothing, Esme brought a candle closer in the dark clinic to check for bruises or broken bones.
Dag dropped the man’s shirt and britches on the floor by the cot as Maki the Scout lifted the man’s belt over his own shoulder.
“Did you find injuries?” Maki whispered to Esme.
“Only a lump on the back of his head,” Esme answered.
Maki gestured toward the door and the three walked outside. 
“What happened to him?” Esme asked, closing the door behind her.
“We don’t know,” Maki said. “But it looks as though he was attacked from behind.” He raised the man’s belt from his shoulder with both hands and nudged Dag with his elbow. “Have a feel of this.”
Dag took the belt from Maki and his eyes opened wide with surprise. “A money belt?” he asked.
“Must be to be that heavy,” Maki stated. He began to pick at the seams of the leather belt with a knife and a bright glint of gold showed through the severed threads. “Whoever attacked him may have thought he carried money but did not find it.”
“Where did you find the man?” Esme asked.
“On the riverbank, close to Ice Water Falls,” Maki said, as he headed for his horse. “You stay here, Dag, in case the man wakes up. I need to go and report all this to Headman Dagon.”
As Maki the Scout rode off, Esme turned to face her friend Dag. Dag was only a year and a bit older than she was, fifteen to her own thirteen and three quarters’ years, but in the last year he had grown tall and broad in the shoulders. He had the body of a man now and his voice had deepened. “Tell me everything,” Esme demanded.
Dag shrugged. “His friends arrived in Helsop late last night. They said they were traders, come all the way from North Africa. They had heard about our new high quality swords and been sent to requisition some for their king’s army.”
Esme held up her index finger. “Wait right here. I just need to be sure the baby is still asleep.”
Esme returned a minute later, swaying with the baby to quiet her. “Her mother needs to sleep. Please continue.”
“This man went missing when he wandered away from their campsite late last night. The others took torches to try to find him but they could not locate him in the dark. When they gave up looking, they decided to continue on to Helsop by torchlight to report his absence to our militia.”
“How did you locate him?” Esme asked.
“Fang followed his scent,” Dag said proudly.
Esme looked down at the mixed-shepherd dog. She seemed to have recovered from her long run. “Good dog,” she said. With the baby still tight against her shoulder, she bent down to ruffle the dog’s fur.
“Do you think it was one of the man’s own group of traders who attacked him?” she asked.
“I can’t imagine who else would have been out near the falls late at night, unless it was someone who had been secretly following their group, waiting for a chance to attack.”
“How do you plan to find the culprit?” Esme asked.
“We’ll return to where we found him, to look for boot prints and try to match them up with someone,” Dag said.
“Let us go to see if he is awake yet,” Esme said. “Mayhap he will know who attacked him.”
Esme, the newborn, Dag and Fang returned quietly to the new patient’s bedside.
“Can you hold the baby while I check his eyes?” Esme asked.
“No,” Dag said, too loudly. “I don’t know anything about babies.”
Esme gave an exasperated huff. “They are only small people,” she chided. “Never mind. She is sleeping quite soundly. I will put her back in the cradle.”
Esme returned with a cold wet cloth to cover the lump on the new patient’s head. She lifted each eyelid to check for dilation of his pupils. “I could give him some smelling salts that might rouse him, but I would like to wait until Electra can check him over before I do that. He may have a concussion or brain swelling.”
“Do you want me to fetch her?” Dag asked.
“No,” Esme said. “She was up most of the night delivering the new baby. She is exhausted.”
“I could get my mother,” Dag offered.
Dag’s mother Isa was one of the head teachers at the school of medicine. She had many more years of experience than Esme.
“Yes, that is probably a good idea. Do you think she will be awake?”
“Yes, she is always up at dawn,” Dag said. “She knows I went out with Maki very early this morning and likely has been up for a while, anxious for news.”
“All right then. I will watch over him until you return.”
Soon after Dag left, Maki returned with Dagon—Helsop’s headman and husband to Electra. “Has he regained consciousness?” Dagon asked as he looked down on the silent North African trader.
“No, I have asked Dag to fetch Isa. She will know if it is safe to give him smelling salts.”
Dagon turned toward the other occupied cot. “Who is your other patient?” 
“That is Nelda,” Esme said. “Her baby came early.”
“I knew Electra was called out for a birth,” he said. “Will Nelda recover?”
Esme nodded slowly. “Yes, I think so. It was a difficult birth.”
Dagon walked down beside Nelda’s cot and peered in at the cradle. “And the baby?”
“She is premature, but we are hopeful,” Esme said.
Dagon touched the sleeping infant’s downy hair. “Thank you for your service to Helsop,” he said, and smiled at Esme.
Esme blushed. “It is nothing. I am only a student as yet, with much to learn.”

Chapter 3

Village of Helsop

Esme was sitting next to Nelda’s cot, spooning fish broth into her patient’s mouth when Isa came through the door of the clinic and stopped at the cot of the unconscious man.
 “Has there been any change?” Isa asked. “Dag said this man was not conscious when they found him.”
“No change,” Esme replied. “I decided to do nothing until you or Electra looked him over.”
Isa checked the man’s eyes, respiration and heart rate. “I see no signs of distress,” she said before moving on to greet Nelda. 
Looking down at the infant in the cradle beside the bed, Isa said, “Nelda, you have a lovely baby daughter. Are you feeling stronger?”
Nelda nodded. “I was able to sleep, thanks to Esme,” Nelda said. “And the broth is helping.”
Isa lifted the child from the cradle and checked her reflexes and her breathing. “We can keep the baby here at the clinic for a few days if you like.”
 “No, I will take her home. My eldest is nine years old. She can help until I have my strength back.”
“Rest here for the morning,” she said. “Electra will want to see you and your baby before you leave.”
“Where is Dag?” Esme asked Isa.
“He and Maki have gone back to the falls to check the tracks now that the sun is up. They will be able to discover more about what happened there.”
Esme held the bowl to Nelda’s lips as the new mother finished off the broth.
“Do you want to hold your baby?” Esme asked. “She is awake now.”
“Yes, please. I need to see her face to know if the name Elsa will fit. Elsa was my grandmother’s name.”
Esme smiled as she handed over the baby. “She looks very much like an Elsa to me.”
Nelda smiled as she gazed at her daughter and said, “Yes, I agree.
Esme stood and walked with Isa down to the trader’s cot. “Do we dare use smelling salts to try to rouse him?” she asked.
“Better to let him wake when his body is ready,” Isa advised. “Losing consciousness is a different thing than fainting.”
Just then Electra walked through the door of the clinic, appearing rested and happy. “How is our new –” Her voice cut off as she glimpsed the unconscious trader. “Who is this? I was not told we had a new patient. What happened?”
Esme brought Electra up to date on the predawn events.
“So Maki believes he was assaulted?” Electra asked.
Isa took up the story. “Dag and Maki have returned to the falls where the man was found. Fang was able to sniff out his location even in the dark. They will know more in the light of day when they can read the tracks.”
“Does Dagon know about this?” Electra asked.
Esme nodded. “He came just before dawn to see the man, and pay his respects to  Nelda and Elsa.”
“Elsa, is it?” Electra moved on to where Nelda lay, nursing her child. “You have already decided on a name?”
“Yes, she is named for her grandmother,” Nelda said. “Grandmother Elsa was said to be a beauty in her youth.”
“Quite appropriate,” Electra said. “How are you feeling?”
“As though I should be home and not taking up a cot in your clinic,” Nelda said.
“Wait until after lunch. We will have something sent over from the mess tent.” Electra took the drowsy infant and held it to her shoulder.
The distant sound of a galloping horse grew louder and came to an abrupt stop outside the door of the clinic.
They all looked up as Dag and Fang came through the door of the clinic. Dag was smiling.
“What have you found?” Electra asked.
“There was no assault,” Dag said. “The tracks told the story. The man merely lost his footing going down a slippery bank to fill his canteen at the river. He fell backwards and hit his head on a rock. There was blood left on the rock.”
“Does Dagon know?” Electra asked.
“Maki rode on to make his official report to Dagon. I thought I would stop here and let you know.” He looked down at the unconscious man. “We learned from his companions that his name is Mahmet. He has come all the way from Tripoli to buy swords here. Do you think he will be all right?”
“Very likely,” Electra said, “though he may not remember what happened to him.”
“He will be happy to know his money belt is safe. Dagon is keeping it at militia headquarters.”
“Good work Dag,” Electra said. “You should go and get some sleep now.” She looked at Esme. “You as well, Esme. Thank you for taking the night shift.”
“I think I will go over to the school and have some tea first,” Esme said. “Will you let me know if Mahmet regains consciousness?”
“Certainly,” Electra said.

Esme and Dag walked out together. “Would you like to join me?” Esme asked as they headed for the school of medicine.
Dag shook his head. “I need to catch up to Maki and see if he has any further need of me. Dagon will likely tell us both to grab breakfast at the mess tent and then take a nap.”
Esme waved goodbye and continued on to the school’s kitchen where she heated a kettle of water for tea. She was just sitting down to enjoy the hot drink when she heard voices outside the school.
“Let us try here first,” a familiar voice said. 
Esme’s mother and twin sister came through the door of the school of medicine and stopped abruptly when they saw Esme.
“Esme!” Shalin ran to hug her twin. Her mother was close behind.
After hugs, smiles and more cups of tea brought from the kitchen, the three sat down at the table.
Coco the Parrot echoed their earlier exclamations of joy, repeating them back in the proper voices. “Esme! Shalin! Mother!”
The group laughed to hear their own voices coming from the parrot’s throat.
“Have you come for a visit?” Esme asked, sipping her drink.
“We have come to invite you to the hundred year celebration of the founding of Henge’s Army,” Shalin said with a grin.
“I thought that was only a made-up excuse to explain away our hunt for fire flowers,” Esme said.
“It was,” Serafina admitted, “but now we have found such an occasion useful to bring our allies together for a bit of strategic planning. Unless the word celebration is included, I doubt my sister Queen Delphinia would be interested in attending.”
Esme smiled. Her mother knew her sister well.
“Am I to be privy to this need for strategic talks?” Esme asked.
“Yes, you are,” Serafina said. “Your father and I have decided to carry out a covert campaign designed to undermine the power of the Great Khan of Barburee.”
Esme’s hand flew to her chest. “In truth?”
Serafina smiled. “And we will do it in a way that enlarges the coffers of the Kingdom of Henge.”

Chapter 4

Village of Helsop

After Shalin, Esme and Serafina finished their talk Serafina stood. “Let us go find Electra and invite her to Henge’s celebration.”
“She is at the clinic,” Esme said. “We have an unconscious trader from Tripoli there. His name is Mahmet.”
“I hope he regains consciousness,” Serafina said. “I should like to speak with him.”
Moments later the three walked into the clinic to find Dagon seated beside Electra, already talking to the injured man.
Electra looked up, breaking into a huge smile when she saw them.
“Serafina! And Shalin! How happy I am to see you both. Have you just arrived?”
“We stopped first to have tea with Esme at the school,” Serafina said. 
Dagon turned to greet his guests. “Welcome to Helsop.” He stood aside so that they could see the man on the cot beside him. “Here we have Mahmet the Trader from Tripoli. He had an unfortunate entry to our village, slipping near the falls and hitting his head on a rock.”
Mahmet tried to ease himself up on his elbows, and then seemed to think better of it. He lay back down on the cot.
Dagon continued his introductions. “Princess Serafina and her daughters, Shalin and Esme come from the nearby Kingdom of Henge. Princess Esme took care of you in the early morning hours when first you arrived.”
“I am in your debt,” Mahmet said, “and most pleased to make your acquaintance – all three of you. I am a dealer in antiquities and precious stones.”
“You are?” Shalin said, reaching for the ring that hung around her neck under her tunic. 
Serafina put a restraining hand on her daughter’s shoulder. “You have come a long way to market your wares.”
“Mine are not what one might call necessities. I must follow wealth.”
Dagon laughed. “Who was it suggested you make your way to Helsop? I fear you have been ill-informed.”
Mahmet raised a hand to stave off more laughter. “The swords coming out of Helsop speak for themselves. There is money changing hands here and most of it is staying in Helsop.”
Shalin could read Dagon’s mind. Helsop had never before been considered a place where wealth resided, but with news of these new, superior swords, the villagers were becoming rich. Perhaps not so rich that they would spend their money on antiquities – they had been poor too long to consider buying such luxury items – but perhaps a ring for a wedding gift or a charm for continued good fortune.
Serafina stepped forward and smiled at the trader. “Why have you chosen the arduous journey overland rather than coming by sea as far as Henge?”
“The roads are safer than the sea lanes,” he said. “Those of us who live by trade are targets for pirates as well as bandits, and right now, the pirates outnumber the bandits. Tripoli seems an especially enticing target for those seamen who live to plunder.”
Serafina nodded slowly. “What precautions has your city taken to discourage such raids?”
“We have an army and navy but the pirates are plentiful and have perfected quick raids and surprise attacks.”
“I see,” Serafina said. “When you are feeling restored, we would be interested in viewing the antiquities you have for sale.”
Mahmet smiled. “I feel quite restored already,” he said, with some enthusiasm.
Electra put a firm hand on the man’s shoulder. “Our guests have only now arrived. There will be time later to show them your wares. I want you to rest here today and give your body time to recover.”
Electra turned to Esme. “Bring one of the students to stay with him. We should all go to the castle where we can have lunch and catch up on one another’s news.”

The small group continued on to Helsop’s castle, modest compared to Henge’s great fortress castle or Fernland’s lavish behemoth set high on a hill. Here in Helsop, the dining table was in the kitchen. Electra either cooked herself or brought meals in from the militia’s mess tent.
“What brings you to Helsop?” Dagon asked Serafina when they were seated around the dining table. “Just a visit?”
“Always a chance to visit,” Serafina confirmed, “but this time an invitation as well.”
“An invitation?” Electra asked, pausing in her inspection of her larder.
“We are to celebrate Henge’s one hundred year anniversary of the founding of Henge’s army in a fortnight’s time. I have brought a formal written invitation but I wanted to also come in person to encourage you to come. We have invited Fernland’s royal family as well.”
“Truly?” Electra beamed with happiness. “Is this to be an end then, to the hard feelings between you and Delphinia?”
“I cannot speak for your mother of course, but we do hope to strengthen our alliances with this event.”
“Is there any particular reason you hope to strengthen your alliances?” Dagon asked arching an eyebrow.
Serafina smiled. “Such a suspicious nature, you have. But yes, as a matter of fact.” 
She leaned forward as she continued. “You heard Mahmet the Trader just now. I am thinking of inviting him as well. The pirates of Tripoli are notorious. They spread fear among would-be sea traders. Who profits most from this fear? Not the pirates who invite retaliation by spreading fear. It is the Great Khan who profits with his monopoly on overland trade routes.”
Dagon nodded. “Yes, I follow your reasoning. But what has this coming celebration to do with the Great Khan’s monopoly over trade?”
“We plan to suggest a campaign to eradicate pirates from major ports by selling the port militias exploding arrows and handball explosives.”
Electra sat down at the table beside Serafina, evidently no longer concerned about lunch. “This seems a bold action that could very well draw the attention of the Great Khan away from his China campaign. Have you thoroughly considered all the consequences?”
Serafina shrugged. “We do not intend to advertise our actions. We would only deal with port authorities and their militias.”
“It still seems a dangerous action. Do you think my father will be in favor of it?” Electra asked.
Serafina nodded. “Yes, I think King Geoffrey might. He has a great surplus of exploding arrows now and no enemies to speak of. Why not make a profit at the expense of the Great Khan?”
Shalin read minds as both Electra and Dagon mulled over the possible ramifications of this invitation. War with Barburee, possible closer ties with Fernland and Henge, increased work for Helsop’s blacksmiths.
After a moment’s pause, Dagon said, “We in Helsop have been attacked by Vagan pirates. They were defeated in part with exploding arrows. I could not, in good conscience, withhold such protection from others in need of it. We will attend your hundred year celebration and continue to supply you with the metal canisters you will need to make the exploding hand balls.”

Chapter 5

Village of Helsop

After sharing a light meal of dried fish, bread and cheese, most of the luncheon group left to pursue their various tasks. 
Dagon left to see what he could do to step up production of the round metal canisters that Prince Blackwell would need for his new goal of selling weapons around the Great Sea.
Esme left with Serafina to show her mother her new animal hospital. 
Electra brought out the work she had done so far in translating her Fish Book from Greek to English to show to Shalin.
“I know you are more fluent in Greek then I am,” Electra began, “so I would appreciate your opinion on what I have translated so far. My mother asked for a translation and now it looks as though I will have a chance to give her this much at your celebration.”
“Do you really think Aunt Delphinia will come?” Shalin asked. “To my knowledge, Aunt Delphinia and Uncle Geoffrey have never visited Henge before.”
“I daresay this is the first time they have been invited,” Electra said, smiling. “I believe they will come out of curiosity if nothing else.”
Shalin nodded as her eyes traveled back and forth between the Fish Book text and the English translation. “I believe your grasp of Greek is better than you think. The choice of words that match most closely is always a matter of personal preference but you seem to have caught the spirit of the Greek text quite well.”
“My mother will surely question my translation on certain points, as some of the things Yeshua did seem quite impossible,” Electra said.
“Walking on water?” Shalin asked.
“Exactly,” Electra said.
“Yet it is certainly what the Greek text proclaims. There can be no doubt of that.”
“It could not be a figure of speech?” Electra asked.
“Not in this context,” Shalin assured her.
“Very well then,” Electra said. “Thank you – I am reassured.”
“Where are Gregor and Soren?” Shalin asked.
Electra smiled. “Your cousins took a picnic lunch this morning. They are out tracking game with Skadi.”
“Fang has become quite famous for her tracking abilities. Is Skadi taking after her mother then?”
“I believe she is. She often sniffs out wounded creatures for Esme’s hospital,” Electra said.
Shalin smiled. “I should go myself to see Esme’s animal hospital. I know she will want me to see it.”
“Yes, she will. Let us go together. I want to see how some of my favorites are mending.” Electra pulled a shawl from a hook and they left together for the hospital.

The area between Yeshua’s Bower and the clinic had been turned into a wall of cages with a small corral in front.
Two horses and a fawn with various wounds ate from a feeding trough at the edge of the corral. Serafina and Esme stood nearby viewing animals in various stages of convalescence as Electra and Shalin joined them.  
“This squirrel’s tail was injured, perhaps in a scuffle with an owl or a hawk. It may have to be amputated if the infection spreads,” Esme told her mother. 
Serafina shook her head. “He would never survive in the wild without it. He needs it for balance as he leaps from branch to branch. Better to let him die.”
Esme’s face scrunched into a frown. “Better for whom?”
Electra the peacemaker stepped in. “Surely that is a decision that can be left for another day. How fares the baby owl that Gregor brought in?”
“Quite well. She is past her infancy and can be released soon,” Esme said.
“Your parakeets look very fit. You keep them in your hospital?” Shalin asked.
Esme shrugged. “Sometimes. Yancey and Nancy seem to enjoy being around the other birds and animals.” Esme stuck her finger into the parakeets’ large cage and stroked the feathers on Yancey’s head.
 “Your hospital is amazing,” Shalin said. “These are fortunate animals.”
Esme smiled. “The village children like to come and visit them. I get a lot of new patients from them.”
Electra smiled. “Esme makes us all better people by caring for our injured wild life.” She turned toward the clinic. “While we are here I think I will look in on our trader from Tripoli.”
“Wait,” Serafina said. She returned a chipmunk to its cage. “I will go with you. I wish to see Mahmet’s store of antiquities.”

Esme and Shalin sat down on benches in the bower next to the animal cages.
“Have you managed to find a prayer wheel as yet?” Esme asked her sister.
Shalin placed her hand over the ancient ring beneath her tunic. “Not as yet. But I have many people looking for one on my behalf. Lars the Trader, Phinn and Soldad to name three.”
“I should just go to the Silent Men’s sanctuary and get one for you,” Esme said.
“Just? Their sanctuary is a fortnight’s journey by ship through pirate-infested waters. Besides that, Mother and Father would surely send out their Army to rescue you from the Silent Men. They may be your friends, but our parents still view them as the kidnappers they proved themselves to be.”
Esme shrugged. “I know Mother hates them for kidnapping me, but they treated me kindly while I was with them They were so distraught at my leaving, I promised them I would return one day. Besides that, I must to tell them that I am not their reincarnated goddess. They need to look elsewhere for her.”
“I believe we may be going to Tripoli soon,” Shalin said, veering away from the volatile subject of the Silent Men. “Did you see how anxious Mother was to speak to this trader? People in Tripoli likely have no prejudice against prayer wheels as those in Constantinople do. Perhaps I shall find one in Tripoli.”
Esme looked out at the flowers forming the walls of Yeshua’s Bower. “This new campaign Mother is proposing sounds dangerous to me. The Great Khan’s son, Bataar, hates us because he sees us as sorcerers. He has already tried to kill Mother once. If the Great Khan should get wind of what she is doing to undermine his caravan routes, he will come after us with a vengeance.”
“It would not be easy for him to discover it. We would only be traders, as many others, selling our wares in port cities.”
Esme shook her head. “I do not think it goes unnoticed when one’s wares are weapons.”

Dag and Fang were passing by the bower when Dag noticed the twins sitting inside.
“Shalin! When did you arrive? I thought I was seeing double for a moment.”
Shalin smiled. “I knew Esme would be wearing her leathers so I wore mine as well.” She clapped her hands to get Fang’s attention. “Fang, come and say hello.”
Fang dutifully went to her and licked her hand in welcome.
Dag sat down beside Esme. “It seems a few of us are going to Henge for a celebration.”
“I believe the celebration is more of a cover for a war counsel,” Shalin said.
Dag’s eyebrows lifted. “That would explain Uncle Dagon’s feeling that we might suddenly be allowed to expand our mining operation in Henge. He thinks Blackwell might give us permission to prospect for more pockets of high grade iron ore.”
Shalin nodded. “It appears his feeling is right on target.” She looked in the direction of the clinic, then at Esme and Dag. “I believe I will join Mother in the clinic. I would like to see what antiquities the trader from Tripoli has to sell. Will you come with me?”
“You go ahead,” Esme said. “I have a few more animal patients to check on.”

Chapter 6

Village of Helsop

Shalin entered the clinic as Electra was returning the money belt to Mahmet. She stopped a short distance from the injured man’s cot to listen to the conversation.
Electra was speaking.  “My husband noticed you carry gold coins and decided to keep this belt safe at the militia headquarters.”
“Thank you,” Mahmet said, glancing at the bags beside his cot. “And thank you for bringing my trade goods as well.”
Electra looked down at the bulging bags piled beside Mahmet’s cot. “Your traveling companions brought these along to Helsop when they could not find you last night. It was their extreme concern for you that made us send our scouts out to look for you in the middle of the night.”
“I am blessed to have such friends,” Mahmet said.
“Do you feel well enough now to show some of your wares to Princess Serafina of Henge?” Electra asked.
“I am honored by your interest,” Mahmet said, smiling at Serafina. “I have gold signet rings from Roman nobles and golden coins embossed with the faces of ancient Greek monarchs. Where do your interests lay, Your Majesty?”
“I have a library of sorts,” Serafina said. “Archaic scrolls and clay tablets from the time of ancient Babylonia. I have an interest in the dark arts and more recently, curiosity about Greek fire.”
“Ah, you are a collector of wisdom and ideas,” Mahmet said. “I had not anticipated such a need where new wealth is found.” He stopped to think. “I have a treasure I have recently obtained for myself that might interest you, though it is not for sale.”
Mahmet pulled a large rolled-up parchment from one of his bags of trade goods. “Here I have a copy of the first complete map of the world.”
Sitting up on his cot, he spread the parchment over his lap.
Shalin came closer to view the map. She stood beside her mother and cousin, taking in the splendor of such a massive work.
The map was colored, blue for water and yellow for landmasses with red dots marking the location of cities and green lines showing the routes followed by caravan traders.
“This is the Great Sea?” Shalin asked, pointing to the blue body of water that comprised the center of the map.
“Yes,” Mahmet said, “and here is my city, Tripoli.” He pointed to a red dot on the southern shores of the Great Sea.
“And where is Helsop?” Electra asked.
“Umm,” Mahmet murmured. He pointed to the extreme Northwestern edge of the map. “Hereabouts, I would guess. Somewhat on the extreme fringes of the world, at least the world known to the author of this map.”
Shalin saw in her mother’s mind that she took exception at the idea of Henge being relegated to an undefined area at the edge of the world.
“How long do you propose staying in Helsop?” Serafina asked.
Mahmet smoothed the map with his fingers. “I suppose it will depend on how the market for our goods is, and how long my friends decide to wait for the weapons and tools they came here to purchase. Perhaps a week or so?”
“I would like to pay you for a copy of this map,” Serafina said. “I would make it worth your while.”
“A copy!” Mahmet considered this request. “One of my friends is a scribe. I could speak to him about the possibility.”
“Please do,” Serafina said. “Your friend could return with me to Henge. I have all the tools he would need to make such a copy there in my library. I would of course pay him for his time and treat him as a guest.”
“Were he to agree, I should wish to accompany him to your home. I would not like to be parted from my map. It is the most valuable thing I own.”
“You would be welcome, of course,” Serafina assured him.
Mahmet carefully rolled up his map and stood. “I shall go at once to speak to my friend, Corban. I feel restored thanks to your kindness and care,” he said gazing fondly at Electra.
Electra smiled. “You are very welcome.”
Shalin could barely contain her excitement. “If they come to stay with us at Henge while they copy the map, we can ask them questions about all the cities of the world. Likely Tripoli is a very ancient city.”
“Very likely,” Serafina said. “And a good place to begin our campaign against the pirates of the Great Sea.”

Later that evening, Electra had meals delivered from the mess tent to feed her family and guests. It had been a busy day for all of them.
Dagon entered the castle keep with his two sons, Gregor, now eleven, and Soren, nine. Serafina and the twins were busy setting plates and utensils around the table as Electra uncovered the bowls brought in by one of the cook’s helpers.
“Freshly caught fish and grains from the new traders,” Electra said. “We will dine as royalty tonight.”
“And dried figs,” Dagon said, emptying a clay container onto a plate. “One of the traders gave me a free sample and I couldn’t resist bringing some home.”
Everyone took a seat while the food was still warm and began to eat. “So much news,” Electra said, after half her meal was gone. “Where should we begin?”
“Skadi found a squirrel,” Soren offered.
“Wounded?” Esme asked.
“No, dead,” Gregor answered. “A hawk had captured it, but dropped it and flew away when Skadi barked and surprised it.”
“The hawk will likely come back for it. Did you leave it there?” Esme asked.
“Yes, Skadi wanted to take it, but I told her no,” Gregor said.
“Our trader from Tripoli was able to leave the hospital,” Electra said. “He had a map of the world.”
Dagon and his sons looked up from their plates. “Did you see it?” Dagon asked.
“I did,” Electra said, nodding. “Most impressive. Serafina hopes to have a copy made.”
All eyes shifted to Serafina.
“What did it look like?” Esme asked.
“It centered on the Great Sea and the cities and trade routes surrounding it. China was off to the far eastern corner and we were not really represented except as the fringe of the world in the extreme northwest,” Serafina said.
“Did he agree to have a copy made for you?” Dagon asked.
Serafina shrugged. “Perhaps. He is traveling with a scribe called Corban. He has agreed to ask Corban if he would come to Henge and take on the project.”
“I should like to see this map,” Dagon said. “It seems we here in Helsop are no longer isolated from the rest of the world. Our craftsmen are overwhelmed with new orders and our stock of weapons for sale is nearly depleted.”
Serafina set down her fork. “I shall speak to Prince Blackwell about the possibility of increasing your allotment of iron ore. Our own scouts have found new iron ore outcrops that appear promising.”
“This new demand for product has taken us by surprise,” Dagon said. “We have already raised our prices but the demand has not abated. If anything, it appears to have increased.”
“We should prepare for an even larger increase in demand once word gets out about the new weapons we propose to market to port cities,” Serafina warned.
“I believe this meeting of allies in Henge cannot come soon enough,” Dagon said. “Our quiet village of Helsop may soon become a metropolis with more traders than we can handle.”









Chapter 7

Village of Helsop

Just before sunset, as Electra and Esme were putting washed dishes back on their shelves, someone knocked at the kitchen door. Serafina and Shalin glanced up from the Fish Book they had been translating for Electra. Dagon and his two sons, busy fletching arrows near the fireplace, did not seem to hear the knock.
Electra opened the door to find Mahmet the Trader and another, younger, man standing outside.
“Mahmet, please come in. Is this your friend Corban?” Electra asked.
Mahmet bowed. “Corban is actually my wife’s cousin from Constantinople and  is staying with us for a time. He is considering entering a monastery but wanted to experience the life and travel of a trader before making his final decision.”
“I am pleased to meet you, Corban,” Electra said. “Here is my husband Dagon and my two sons, Gregor and Soren, my aunt Serafina and my own two cousins, Esme and Shalin.”
Corban made a respectful bow before locking eyes on the book with the sign of the fish on its cover.
“You know the Logos?” he asked in Greek. His surprise was evident in his voice.
Shalin, Serafina and even Electra were able to recognize the simple Greek phrase.
“A few of us read Greek, but rarely hear it spoken,” Serafina said in Greek. Shalin and Electra nodded.
A rapid stream of words followed from their guest – too rapid to decipher.
Mahmet smiled and translated. “My cousin is a very devout follower of the Logos. He had not expected to find any followers so far from home.”
“I am a follower,” Electra said. “My relatives have an interest, but are only helping me with the translation as their knowledge of Greek is greater than mine.”
Dagon approached the table and smiled at his guests. “Electra tells me you have a map of the world. I should like very much to see it.”
Mahmet pulled the large rolled-up parchment from a bag and spread it out on the table.
Corban gasped as the map covered the Fish Book. He rushed to move it gently to the side and sat down near the Book as though to protect it from further insult.
Dagon and Mahmet seemed to take no notice of Corban’s action and gathered with others to view the map.
Shalin continued to watch Corban, intrigued by his actions. She tapped into his mind and heard what seemed to be a prayer to his God.
Please forgive them. They are ignorant of what has come into their lives. Is this the real reason I am come to this place?
Mahmet pointed out various cities on the map, noting Constantinople and Tripoli in particular.
“Of course to reach the Far East by ship one must traverse a series of canals known only to those who frequent those routes. The bulk of commerce still moves along the caravan routes which you see here marked in green.”
“Where is the Euphrates River?” Dagon asked. “We traveled there once.”
Mahmet moved his hand a bit to the east of Constantinople where small blue lines connected to the sea. “Here is the valley that lies between the Euphrates on one side and the Tigris River on the other.”
“It is so small on this map,” Dagon noted, “yet it seemed enormous while we were there, roasting in the heat.”
Mahmet smiled. “Yes, you have a much cooler climate here. I find it difficult to adjust.”
“And Tripoli?” Dagon asked.
“Hot and arid as well, at least during the summer months.” Mahmet said.
Serafina pointed to another red dot. “Is this Tyre?” she asked.
The names of the cities were there but they were written in the Persian script.
Mahmet beamed as though Serafina was his star pupil.
“Yes, very good. You have been to Tyre?”
“My daughters and I were there, only last year. We wanted to see the end of the caravan routes from China.”
“Most perceptive. I see I am not the only world traveler at this table. Your family is a revelation to me.”
“Have you posed my offer to your cousin as yet?” Serafina asked.
All eyes turned to Corban who had his eyes closed and did not seem to be following their discussion of cities on the map.
Mahmet flushed a little to find his cousin so detached. “You must forgive Corban. He does not speak English. Yes I did speak with him and he has a few questions to ask before he makes his decision. You see, he has set on taking up the life of a monk, but my wife feels he is too young to commit to such an austere life. She convinced him to take this journey before making a final decision. Let me translate his questions for you.”
Mahmet spoke to Corban in the Greek tongue and the young man opened his eyes.
Corban nodded and spoke rapidly once again.
Mahmet raised his eyebrows in surprise as he listened, nodding.
“He says he believes he may be here for a greater reason then copying a map but he agrees to do this if you have the equipment he requires. He will need a new clean parchment, of course. If you do not have one, he knows how to stretch and clean the hide. He will need pigments and brushes, quills, knives, a clean flat place to work. If you wish the names of cities to be in English he will need someone to translate. That would be me, of course. I must stay with my map and of course I must watch over my cousin’s safety.”
“And have you decided on a price for your time and labor?” Serafina asked.
The price was high but Serafina agreed to it. “I should like to leave tomorrow for Henge if that is acceptable to both of you.”
Mahmet nodded. “Unfortunately, it seems Helsop’s stock of swords on hand is already depleted. Our stay in Henge will allow me to put in an order here with Helsop’s blacksmiths and collect freshly made swords when we return.”
Dagon looked at Serafina. “I believe I will return to Henge with you, too, if that is acceptable. I would like to bring a few of my scouts and craftsmen along to survey the iron ore fields for increased production.”
“Who do you propose to bring?” Serafina asked.
“Maki the Scout and Dag to survey, and Dorian the Sword Maker and his son Tandor to evaluate the quality of the ore,” Dagon replied.
“Yes, that will be acceptable. We can accommodate them in the barracks until the celebration,” Serafina said.
“Shall I come along now as well, with the boys?” Electra asked.
“Yes, you must,” Shalin sang out. “And Esme, too. Will you be able to leave your animal hospital for a time?” she asked her sister.
Esme bit her bottom lip as she considered. “Yes, the students will look after them for me. And my parakeets as well.”
“Then it is decided,” Serafina said. “We will leave early tomorrow for Henge.”
Everyone seemed suddenly anxious about making arrangements on such short notice.
“I must speak to Isa,” Electra said, making for the door.
“I need to go to the school of medicine,” Esme said, following closely behind Electra.
“I need to find Dorian and tell Maki,” Dagon said. “Boys, come with me.” Gregor and Soren followed him out the door.
Serafina and Shalin were left to watch Corban the Scribe as he rolled up the parchment map and sat back down at the table. He carefully opened the Fish Book and began to read the first page.

Chapter 8

Kingdom of Fernland

In the neighboring Kingdom of Fernland, the large, ornate hilltop castle buzzed with its usual activity—footmen and pages bustling to and fro, cooks and servants rushing about their daily chores, members of the Royal Guard standing tall at their posts or executing maneuvers around the castle courtyard.
King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia sat alone at lunch in the family dining room on the second floor of Fernland’s castle, talking as usual about their absent son, Prince Avor.
“It has been months with no word from Taz,” Delphinia complained. “Surely there must be a resolution to the fighting in Hormu by now. Either the Persians or the Mongols must have prevailed.”
King Geoffrey shrugged. “Avor knows where his home is located. If he chooses not to keep us informed of his situation, there is little we can do about it.”
“Do you think he is angry because we did not send his ship, the Prince Avor, to him as he requested?”
“It is not his ship! It may be named after him, but it is Fernland’s ship and Fernland has no part in a battle for Hormu. The Mongols are our enemies whether Avor admits it or not, and we have never even met an envoy from Persia.” King Geoffrey made an angry stab at his turnip.
“But he sees himself as guardian of this Hormu queen and her sons. Surely we cannot fault him for that,” Queen Delphinia said in a sympathetic voice.
“As Fernland’s monarch, I can and I do fault him. He should never have gotten mixed up with the son of the Great Khan. I only hope he will one day come to his senses and realize his duty to Fernland.”
Delphinia sighed as the door to the dining room opened a crack and a page looked in. “Sorry to disturb you but we have a messenger from Henge to deliver a missive to King Geoffrey,” the page said.
“Send him in,” King Geoffrey ordered.
The messenger, dressed in the silver and black uniform of Henge’s army, stepped forward and said in a formal voice, “His Majesty Prince Blackwell of Fernland and his wife Princess Serafina request the honor of your presence at Henge’s one hundred year anniversary of the founding of Henge’s army.” He took a scroll from his vest and held it out for King Geoffrey. “Your invitation, Your Majesties.”
King Geoffrey took the scroll and unrolled it on the table between himself and his wife. Geoffrey read the words aloud.

“To His Royal Majesty King Geoffrey and Her Royal Majesty Queen Delphinia,
We here in Henge hope you have not forgotten the celebration we spoke of last year. Please honor us with your presence at our one hundred year anniversary. We hope you will bring Prince Avor if he is returned from Taz and also inform Phinn and his acting troupe that their presence and skills will be required here as well.
We hope you will plan to spend several days in Henge as our guests as we have some matters of import we might discuss on this occasion as well. Matters that affect both our kingdoms. We look forward to your presence on the fifteenth day of our current month.
Sincerely,
Henge’s Royal Family

We would appreciate it if you might inform our messenger of your decision.”

Both Geoffrey and Delphinia looked at the messenger who waited at attention.
“You may wait outside while my wife and I check our calendars,” King Geoffrey told him.
The soldier saluted smartly and marched out the door.
When the door closed behind the messenger, King Geoffrey moved closer to his wife and kept his voice low.
“What do you make of this?” he asked.
“I think it is as he states, an invitation to a celebration. I do remember Serafina speaking of it. That is why they wanted to find fire flowers – the very things that exploded and burned down their ship, the Kingdom of Henge.”
“What do you suppose these matters of import might be?”
“I have no idea,” Delphinia said.
“Could be something to do with King Gundar of Sandovia,” Geoffrey guessed. “If Blackwell has decided to go to war with Sandovia, he is on his own. I have no feud with Sandovia as long as they stay away from our ship, the King Geoffrey.”
“I do not like the idea of sending Phinn and his acting troupe back to Henge,” Delphinia said. “I need them here in Fernland. They have put on several plays for us while they have been here and their theater is back to its former state of good repair.”
King Geoffrey thrummed his fingers on the wooden table top. “It is likely the messenger will go on to King’s Lake to inform Phinn of his recall to Henge. I do not think there is anything we can do to prevent his return to Henge.”
“I suppose we should accept the invitation,” Delphinia said. “That is the only way we will find out what these matters of import are.”
“It could have something to do with this new iron ore strike,” Geoffrey mused aloud. “Muller the Spy says many new traders have passed through lately on their way to Helsop, looking to buy swords they say have exceptional strength.”
“We could take Muller the Spy along with us to ferret out information on the extent of the new discovery,” Delphinia suggested.
“Yes, he could accompany his son who sometimes plays fiddle for the acting troupe. That would be a good cover for his spying.”
“Shall we call in the messenger?” Delphinia asked.
“I will tell him,” Geoffrey said, rising from his seat.
Geoffrey opened the door and waved the messenger inside.
“Please inform Henge’s Royal Family that we accept their generous invitation and that we will be arriving along with the acting troupe on our ship the Prince Avor the day before the ceremony.”
As soon as the messenger left, King Geoffrey summoned a page and said, “Call for the royal carriage – we will be leaving for King’s Lake in one hour.”
King Geoffrey returned to the table to find his lunch grown cold. “We will go to inform Phinn ourselves of the summons from Prince Blackwell. While we are there we can send a message to Avor about these proposed talks. Surely his position as Minister of War will assure his attendance at such a meeting.”

Two hours later, Phinn the Ambassador was surprised to open his door to King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia. In the past they had always sent a summons when they wished to see him.
“Your Majesties,” Phinn said. “Will you come in? We have just been notified that we are to return to Henge. I was about to go to the stables for a horse to make the trip to the castle to tell you.”
“We have been invited to Henge as well,” Queen Delphinia said, looking around at the inside of the one-room cottage that had been built for her daughter Electra. It looked the same as when Electra had lived there so many years ago--a one room cottage with a bed at one end and a small kitchen at the other.
“You have?” Phinn asked, surprised again.
“Yes, we have accepted an invitation from Henge to attend the one hundred year anniversary of the founding of their army. It will take place on the fifteenth day of this month.”
“I got the impression from the messenger that the acting troupe was to leave as soon as possible,” Phinn said.
“You can ignore that,” King Geoffrey said. “We told the messenger that the acting troupe would be accompanying us aboard the Prince Avor when we arrive on the appointed day.”
“Will you come in and have some refreshment?” Phinn’s wife Juanita invited, as she came to stand by her husband in the open doorway.
King Geoffrey shook his head. “Thank you, but we must return to the castle shortly. While we are here at King’s Lake we need to send a message to our son in Taz telling him to join us in Henge for the celebration. Our hope is that one of the Taz ships might soon be planning a visit there and could carry our message to our son.”
Phinn nodded. “I have heard a rumor from Haddad the Shipbuilder that such a voyage is imminent.”
“Good,” King Geoffrey said. “In that case we will take our leave and see that our message departs with the ship.”

Chapter 9

Port of Taz

Prince Avor had been in Taz, watching over his charges, Queen Cogatin and her two sons, Altan and Octai for the last year. Today was the day he had long awaited. A group of the Great Khan’s soldiers could be seen and heard returning home after  their long siege at Hormu. 
General Uengen, the Great Khan’s man in command of the conquered city of Taz, was returning victorious from Hormu. And Prince Avor of Fernland along with Queen Cogatin of Hormu were waiting in Taz waiting to greet him.
“Is the City of Hormu reclaimed for the Great Khan?” Prince Avor did not really need to ask since the small army arrived beating drums and singing songs of victory.
General Uengen saluted the Queen from where he sat astride his Barburee horse. “Your son’s kingdom is reclaimed, Your Majesty.”
Prince Avor judged the size of the returning force at half its former number. “Many casualties?” he asked.
“Not many,” the general said. “We left half our men in Hormu to guard the fortress.”
Prince Avor smiled. “Good tidings. All has been quiet here. No attempts on the royal family’s lives.”
The general reached into his tunic. “I bring a message to you, Prince Avor, from the Great Khan. It arrived from China shortly after the Persians surrendered the fortress.”
Prince Avor took the message and looked briefly at Queen Cogatin before breaking the seal. Shortly after rescuing the Queen and her two sons from her hiding place in a desert oasis outside the captured city of Hormu, Avor had sent a message to the Great Khan. In it he asked permission to be Regent to the young Prince and to become Cogatin’s new husband. He and Queen Cogatin had been waiting many months for an answer from the Great Khan.
“Shall I open it later?” he asked Queen Cogatin. This message would seal their fates. Would Cogatin’s son, seven-year-old Altan, be named heir to the throne of Hormu? Would Prince Avor be named regent for the young king? Would the Great Khan give his permission for Prince Avor and Queen Cogatin to marry?
“Open it,” Cogatin said.
Prince Avor broke the seal and handed the scroll to Cogatin. He could speak the Barburee tongue fluently now, but could not read the script.
Queen Cogatin read the message once. Moisture gathered at the corners of her eyes.
“Bad news?” Avor asked, wishing he could put his arm around this woman he had loved from the first moment he saw her, ten years ago in Khara Khara. He had kept that love hidden as he escorted her to her new husband in Hormu. He had buried the love he felt after she was married to the new King of Hormu, the king who had since died in the Persian uprising. With a heavy heart he had returned to Fernland to take up his position as war minister and heir apparent to the throne. Now his future happiness was once again out of his hands. It was the Great Khan’s decision.
Queen Cogatin found her voice and announced, “He is in agreement. Altan will be heir to Hormu’s throne when he comes of age. You have been appointed Regent until that time. The Great Khan gives his permission for us to marry.”
Cogatin passed the scroll to General Uengen.
The general smiled as he read the message. He glanced at Prince Avor. “The Great Khan has assured his faith in your abilities. When shall the wedding take place?”
Prince Avor raised his eyebrows as he looked at his future wife. “Today?”
Cogatin smiled and nodded.
Prince Avor looked up at General Uengen, still on horseback. “I see no reason to delay. We will be married this afternoon. I only need to choose a horse for myself and my bride.”
Cogatin smiled. They both knew a Barburee wedding was basically a simple affair. After negotiating the terms between the two families, the groom appeared at his future wife’s yurt on his own horse and leading a second horse – a gift for his bride. The two newlyweds rode back to the groom’s yurt and they were considered man and wife. A celebration was optional.
“We will celebrate our victory in Hormu and your wedding at the same time,” General Uengen declared. He looked at his second-in-command. “See to the mutton and fermented mare’s milk. We will have races and wrestling matches. Any who wish may enter contests.”
Cogatin left quickly to put together clothes for her wedding, knowing how fast word would spread among the soldiers.
Prince Avor wondered if he should borrow a Barburee uniform for the occasion and decided he should. Being Regent over Hormu would be an important position. He wondered how big a territory Hormu was. He wished his friend Bataar was here to advise him.
He saw a man he knew from his time as a soldier in the Great Khan’s Army and waved him closer.
The man remembered Prince Avor and smiled down from his horse.
“Ganzorig, is it not?” Prince Avor asked.
“You remember my name. It has been some time, and now you are to be Hormu’s Regent,” Ganzorig said.
“Do you think you could find me the proper clothes to wear? I do not know what a Regent would wear.”
“We have nothing so grand in our ranks, but I could get you the uniform of a Barburee commander of one hundred. Would that do?”
“That would be perfect,” Avor said. “Tell me, how large is the province of Hormu? I am only familiar with Hormu City and the Oasis of Maru.”
“The Province of Hormu would be about ten days ride on horseback across and about twice that from north to south, I’d wager,” Ganzorig said.
Avor knew well how many miles a horse could travel in one day. Five hundred miles by one thousand miles? Avor caught his breath. That was at least three times as large as Fernland. “And the population?”
Ganzorig shrugged. “Most of the residents are Persian or Greek. The Great Khan’s Army is stretched thin now by the war with China. We left about one hundred men to guard the fortress and there are four outposts manned by our soldiers, but tensions remain high. You will need to be on your guard.”
Avor swallowed hard. He needed to recruit an army, quickly. He thought briefly of his army and navy back in Fernland and knew that was a dead end. His father would never allow him to use Fernland’s forces to defend the Great Khan’s territory. Was there a chance of an alliance with Fernland now that he was Regent of Hormu? Doubtful.
“Let us find that uniform. I believe I have a wedding to attend,” Avor said.
Ganzorig smiled. “Jump up on back with me while we pick out your two horses and a uniform.”
Avor swung up behind Ganzorig and they took off to the pasture where dozens of Barburee horses grazed alongside sheep and goats.
“Those two look good,” Avor said, pointing toward a pair of horses munching grass beside a jacaranda tree.
Ganzorig took a rope from the horn of his saddle and the two men jumped down. “I’ll throw a rope around the stallion and the mare will follow,” Ganzorig said.
Within a few minutes Avor had a horse for himself and another for Cogatin.
“Now for a uniform,” Ganzorig said. “We’d best go to the leather crafter for that.”

An hour later Avor was ready to be married. Since there were only Cogatin’s two sons by way of family present, Avor rode alone to Cogatin’s yurt on his stallion, trailing the mare behind him.
Avor watched Cogatin emerge from her yurt wearing a blue silk tunic with a fur cape around her shoulders. She was every bit as beautiful as the day he had first seen her.
Her older son Altan came out of the yurt behind her followed by his brother Octai.
Altan climbed up to ride behind Avor and Octai rode behind his mother.
They reached the empty yurt Avor had claimed as his own and walked through the opening as man and wife. Cogatin smiled to find furs laid out on the floor and a basket of fruit set on a small table..
“Grab a piece of fruit,” Avor told his new stepsons, “and let us go watch the horse races.”
He took his wife’s hand in his and gave it a gentle squeeze.

Chapter 10

Port of Taz

Prince Avor looked out to sea from his place on the hillside above the port of Taz. While his new family watched the horse races staged to celebrate his marriage to Queen Cogatin and the retaking of Hormu, Avor watched a familiar ship sail into Taz’s harbor.
Others at the celebration, had they taken their eyes away from the horse races, might also have recognized the ship as one belonging to the shipbuilders who had built a fleet of warships for the Great Khan, then left on their own ships to return to their supposed homeland in Fernland.
Only Avor knew that the shipbuilders’ real home was not Fernland. Their real homeland was right there in Taz. They had barely escaped with their lives when the Great Khan’s soldiers had tunneled under Taz for a surprise attack. In the dark of night they had managed to flee on their ships to find temporary refuge in Fernland.
As Avor watched the Taz flagship lower its sails and lay anchor, a thought took shape in his mind and a new word creeped in. That word was opportunity.
“Will you three be content here for a bit?” he asked his new wife Cogatin. “I need to go meet that ship that just came into port. It is from Fernland and likely carries a message from my parents.”
“Do you think your parents might be aboard?” Cogatin asked.
“I doubt it, but if they are they will be very anxious to meet their new daughter-in-law and grandsons.”
Cogatin smiled, having no idea how insulted his parents would actually be by Avor’s new family. Only Avor knew and he had no intention of telling Cogatin.
Avor flung himself onto his new horse which had been grazing nearby. He took a wide route around the horse races below them and galloped through the broken back wall of the deserted city of Taz.
Because the former inhabitants had escaped on their ships just ahead of the Great Khan’s Army, no battle had been fought and no buildings had been destroyed. The invaders preferred to live in their customary yurts close to their grazing animals and shunned the white marble structures of their captured city.
The only inhabitant of the beautiful white city was Physician Rabar, who still lived alone in his former house. As far as the small Barburee Army was concerned, he was an eccentric scientist doing experiments with the local herbs and flowers. But as far as the former inhabitants of Taz were concerned, Physician Rabar was their Caliph, their leader and their foothold in the city they still hoped to someday regain.
Avor stopped at Physician Rabar’s house and slid gracefully from his horse in the Barburee fashion.
He knocked on the door and got no response. He walked around to the courtyard in the rear and found Physician Rabar weeding his apothecary garden.
“Did you see the Spirit of Taz come into port?” he asked in English.
“No,” Rabar answered in the same language. He smiled and dusted off his knees as he stood. “It is here?”
“Yes, it just arrived,” Avor said.
“I see the Khan’s army is back,” Rabar said with a grimace.
“They are back victorious and I am named the new Regent of the Province of Hormu.”
Rabar’s mouth fell open. “You? How?”
“I have married Queen Cogatin and I am Regent to her son, the future King of Hormu. The order arrived this morning from the Great Khan.”
Rabar’s forehead wrinkled as he tried to make sense of Avor’s words. “But you are the future King of Fernland. You are commander of Fernland’s Navy and most of those in the navy are former Taz citizens. How is this possible? Does King Geoffrey know?”
Avor’s father, King Geoffrey, had taken in the refugees from Taz on the condition that their stay in Fernland be temporary. As a further condition of being granted sanctuary, they would turn an estuary into a shipping channel to King’s Lake, and build a barge for Queen Delphinia while they were there.
Prince Avor knew that though the former Taz residents had become valued residents of Fernland and brought in commerce with their ship-building skills, they still longed to return to their beautiful marble city of Taz.
“My father does not know and I doubt he will celebrate the news when he finally hears of it, but I see a way our new situation may work to everyone’s advantage.”
Physician Rabar looked at Avor with a stern expression. “You know the Great Khan meant to kill all of us here in Taz as we slept when he conquered our city. You know he gave us no choice when we came back pretending to be shipbuilders from Fernland to build his fleet, but forced us to act as his spies in China to assess the might of their navy. Now you have become one of the Great Khan’s agents. How can that possibly work in our favor?”
“Hold off on your judgments until we have a chance to review the possibilities. If your brother Haddad is captaining the Spirit of Taz we will want to include him in our discussions,” Avor said.
“You had best keep more than an arm’s distance from him when you announce that you are the new Regent of Hormu Province,” Rabar warned.

As Commander of Fernland’s Navy, Avor was well received by Haddad the Master Shipbuilder. He saluted Avor and hugged his brother Rabar as soon as he stepped out of the shore boat and onto the white sand beach of his former homeland.
“How goes the herbal experimenting, Brother?” he asked Rabar, smiling.
Rabar answered in the Taz language which Avor spoke fluently. “I have need of more subjects with tremors to experiment on. These Barburee soldiers remain disgustingly tremor-free.”
“I bring an urgent message from your parents,” Haddad said, looking at Avor.
“You do?” Avor said. “Have you brought it on your person?”
“I have,” Haddad said, reaching into a pocket of his green tunic to retrieve a small scroll.
Avor unrolled the scroll and read the message silently.

To my son Avor,
Though your mother and I have been puzzled by your loyalty to a Barburee Queen’s safety these many months, we have not interfered with what you see as your duty to protect her. We hope she is no longer your responsibility as we have important discussions coming up with Henge which call for your presence as Fernland’s Minister of War. Please return to Fernland with all haste on the Spirit of Taz and meet us here in Fernland or in Henge.
Your father, King Geoffrey

“He asks you to return to Fernland?” Haddad asked, with a knowing smile.
Prince Avor stuck the scroll in his tunic and looked directly into Haddad’s eyes without answering his question. “What would you say if I told you I could guarantee your people’s safe return to Taz where you might resume your former lives as traders and shipbuilders?”
Haddad looked back and forth from his brother to his naval commander. “It would mean a great deal, but why then does my brother look worried by this answer to a long-held dream?”
“I will explain,” Avor said, “and I would ask you to take a message to my parents in Fernland when you return there – without me.”

Chapter 11

Kingdom of Helsop 

A large group set out from Helsop, some walking, some on horseback, to travel overland to Henge. The group included the twins and their mother, Electra and her family, Dag, Dorian the Master Sword Maker and his son Tandor, Mahmet the Trader and Corban the Scribe. They were all supposedly going to Henge at Prince Blackwell’s invitation to celebrate the army’s one hundred year anniversary, but in truth, all had their own diverse reasons for going—some to advance Helsop’s iron ore interests, some out of curiosity and some for their own profit.
 They passed horse-drawn carts loaded with high grade iron ore traveling in the opposite direction on their way to Helsop. Every fourth cart had Henge’s black banner with crossed silver swords stuck in amongst the rocks, a reminder that one quarter of the ore was to be used in production of Henge’s weapons. 
Dagon and his nephew Dag stopped occasionally to chat with the miners accompanying their carts of ore to Helsop.
Esme stood beside Dag as one miner held up a crystal-embedded rock for them to see. “Good load – this one. We found some black crystals.”
Esme brought out the south-finder from her pocket to see if the ore would attract the fish tail. It did. “Lodestones,” she said.
“Would you like to keep some?” The miner offered, though it was obvious he was reluctant to let them go.
“No, Phinn has plenty of the magnetic stones already for his magic tricks,” Esme assured him.
“All right then,” the miner said, as he urged the horse pulling the cart forward. “Just let us know if he needs more.”
“Your father must have allowed the miners to expand their dig,” Dag whispered to Esme after the miner moved on. “They would have depleted the original site by now.”
“Soon Helsop will be wealthier than Henge,” Esme whispered back with a smile.
“Not with this new plan your mother has proposed,” Dag replied.
“What are you two plotting now?” Dagon teased, walking up behind them.
“Nothing,” they both exclaimed.
“I was joking,” Dagon said. He narrowed his eyes a bit as though he wondered now if they were plotting something. “We are already working at full capacity in our forges,” Dagon continued, watching the line of carts go past. “And yet the swords and armor we are producing seem to fly out of Helsop. We will soon need an inn to accommodate all the traders coming north to buy our wares.”
Dag nodded. “I think Prince Blackwell has allowed our miners to expand their dig.”
“I’ve been counting the carts and thinking the same thing,” Dagon said. “It may be an incentive for us to join him in his new plans”
Dag opened his mouth to speak, but stopped.
“What?” Dagon demanded. “You were about to say something.” 
Dag shook his head. “It was just a passing thought. I wonder about the end result of these coming talks. Might it be war with Barburee?”
Dagon nodded. “The same thought has passed my mind.”

When they finally reached Henge City the next day, after a cold night spent in tents at the pass, they saw Prince Blackwell and his father standing at the castle gate. Prince Blackwell looked surprised to see such a large group coming toward him down the hill.
After greetings and words of welcome, some of the group, including Dag and the Helsop blacksmiths, were assigned to the barracks and the remainder given rooms in Henge’s castle.
“You have all arrived early,” Prince Blackwell noted. “I was not expecting you for another four days. But I am happy you have come.”
“I wanted to see how our mining operation was progressing,” Dagon admitted, “and perhaps negotiate an enlargement of our dig, but it appears the operation has already expanded without my assistance.”
“Yes, with our anticipated talks in mind I saw the need for more metal canisters, though I believe we are well enough supplied with swords and armor for the foreseeable future.”
Dagon nodded. “I will redirect our blacksmiths accordingly.”
Serafina waved Mahmet the Trader and Corban the Scribe forward. “These men are from Tripoli, one of the ports we may wish to establish trade with after our celebration talks. Mahmet has a map of the world that Corban has agreed to copy for my library.”
Prince Blackwell shook both men’s hands. “Welcome to Henge,” he said. “A map of the world? I should like to see such a composition.”
Mahmet opened his valise and Prince Blackwell directed him to the castle’s dining table where the trader carefully spread the parchment out.
“Our new map will have the names in English,” Serafina said, “but you see the red dots around the area of the Great Sea. Those will be the ports of interest.”
“This is an amazing accomplishment,” Prince Blackwell said, running his finger along the red dots and stopping at one just inside the opening of the Great Sea. “Would this be Tangier?” he asked. “We visited Tangier just last year.”
“Very astute,” Mahmet said. “I can see you have the knack for reading maps. Yes, this is Tangier. One of our foremost competitors. But we in Tripoli also have caravans coming from Africa and ships bringing in goods from China. I hope you will not allow the extra sea miles from Tangier to Tripoli to keep you from trading in our fair city.”
“Certainly not,” Prince Blackwell said. “With your map to guide us, we will likely visit Tripoli on our next trip. Have you any problems with pirates there?”
Mahmet’s face flushed a bit and Shalin knew the next words from his mouth would likely be a lie. “Very little. We have a large fortress close to the entrance to our sheltered harbor. We are very well defended. Do you propose bringing in iron ore? I see you are blessed here in Henge with an abundant supply.”
Prince Blackwell pursed his lips. “You see we are in league with our neighbor Helsop as far as the iron ore goes. We may have finished goods to sell.”
“Helsop swords are famous now for their strength and quality,” Mahmet said.
“Is that a fact?” Prince Blackwell looked at Dagon. “Perhaps we should revisit my previous order to cut back on sword production.”
Dagon frowned. Shalin read his mind and saw that he wished Mahmet the Trader would stop talking.
“Perhaps you and Corban would like to see the library where Corban will be working,” Serafina suggested.
“Yes,” Mahmet said. He translated Serafina’s words to Corban in Greek and Shalin was delighted to find that she could now follow familiar Greek words in conversation.

The twins, Serafina, Electra and the two men from Tripoli entered the library and Corban’s eyes went at once to the illuminated book sitting on the long library table.
Corban spoke excitedly to Mahmet in Greek and Shalin translated. “He needs to wash his hands and would like permission to look at your illuminated book,” she told her mother.
“You speak Greek?” Mahmet asked in surprise.
Shalin shrugged. “I read it. Mother and Electra do as well. Esme has a basic reading knowledge. Now that I have become accustomed to your accents I can understand it, but I doubt I speak it properly.”
“Ah, but you must all try. Greek is the universal language for traders. If Henge is to become a trading nation, you must all begin to learn it,” Mahmet insisted.
“I shall take advantage of Corban’s time here to do my best.” Shalin smiled at Mahmet as she left with the Scribe.

Shalin led Corban to an alcove where he could wash his hands. “Do you need soap as well?” she asked in Greek.
Corban smiled and said, “No, it is a ritual washing of hands that one must do before touching the most holy of books.”
“I did not know,” Shalin said. “You refer to the illuminated book on Yeshua’s teaching?”
“Yes. The Logos. I am honored to be in the presence of such a book. Now I am sure God has sent me here.”

Chapter 12

Kingdom of Henge

When Corban and Shalin returned to the library after Corban had thoroughly washed his hands, they found Electra, Esme, Serafina and Mahmet waiting quietly  around the table.
As soon as he was seated, Corban began turning the pages of the Logos, smiling at the work on each page. 
Shalin could see that Mahmet the Trader was embarrassed by his cousin’s apparent indifference to their presence. He cleared his throat. “Perhaps, my dear cousin, you might delay the reading of this magnificent book until we have discussed the terms of your work here with our hostesses?” Mahmet spoke to his cousin in Greek as one might speak to a child unaware of conventional manners.
“As you wish,” Corban said, closing the Logos with some reluctance.
Serafina spoke to Corban in her halting Greek. “What tools will you require to copy the map of the world?”
Corban looked around the library. “I will need a lectern tilted at the correct angle to optimize the flow of ink from my quills. I will need various pigments, depending on the colors you choose for the land and the water. And I will of course need the parchment. I prefer to oversee the entire tanning procedure myself. The curing of the parchment is of the utmost importance if it is to stand the test of time. The whole process can take several weeks.”
“I see. Would you like to choose the animal itself,” Serafina asked with a faint note of sarcasm in her voice.
“Yes, that would be my preference,” Corban said, seemingly oblivious to any sarcasm.
“Anything else?” Serafina asked.
“My chair will need to be the proper height, but I believe I will be able to select one from those here in the castle.” Corban smiled.
Serafina looked at the others in the room. “It seems we will need to postpone the copying of the world map until we have found a suitable animal to provide the parchment. Shalin, would you be so kind as to take Corban the Scribe to meet with one of our local shepherds so that he might look over the flocks and select his animal?”
“Yes, of course.” Shalin was happy to be selected to spend some time with Corban. She could hardly wait to quiz him on his knowledge of Constantinople and the ancient cities that bordered the Great Sea. “Come,” she said to Corban. “I will take you to our flocks.”
Serafina looked at Mahmet the Trader as Shalin and Corban left the library. “Perhaps you would like a tour of our city while your cousin finds his parchment?”
“I would be in your debt,” Mahmet said with a respectful bow. “You must excuse my cousin Corban for his lack of social graces. He is a bit of a perfectionist, but his heart is pure.”
“Yes, I can perceive his lack of guile,” Serafina said. “I am sure he will produce a superior product.”
“Just so, Your Majesty,” Mahmet enthused.
“Esme, perhaps you could show our guest the traders’ stalls down at the docks?”
Esme, who had been quiet in hopes of escaping the library to see what was happening out in the mining operation, closed her eyes briefly to summon her patience before replying. “Of course, it would be my pleasure to show you around the docks.”
“Good,” Serafina said. “Electra and I will be here in the library if we are needed.”

Esme walked down the stairs to the front door of the castle alongside Mahmet the Trader. She was thankful the trader spoke English. “Most of our trading here in Henge takes place down at the ship dock,” she told him. “I suppose that is true of most port cities?”
Mahmet nodded. “Yes, although some cities are heavily fortified now, and selective about who they allow admittance.”
“We have been to a few port cities around the Great Sea and also some on the west coast of Africa,” Esme said.
“Even Africa! You here in Henge are surprisingly well-traveled.”
Esme looked at Mahmet the Trader with some curiosity. “Have you ever been to the interior of Africa?” she asked.
“Yes, many times,” Mahmet said. “A section of our city of Tripoli is dedicated to the products the caravans carry from the African interior.”
“I have been on the Eger River. I have seen the elephant crossings and the jungles east of Eko.”
Mahmet stopped and stared at Esme. “Have you! Most impressive for one your age. How did that come about?”
Esme realized suddenly that she could not give away the secret of Bat Island to this trader who could spread word of their private island to the whole world.
“We went to Timbitu to learn more of their libraries there,” Esme said. “As you can see, my mother is very devoted to the expansion of her own library.”
“Yes, she appears to have an extensive collection of ancient manuscripts.” Mahmet glanced up at the mining operation on the hillside above the castle. “It appears you have an abundance of iron ore to sell.”
“I believe we have contracted to sell all we have to Helsop,” Esme hedged.
“Do you think your father might be open to counter offers?” Mahmet asked.
“I doubt it,” Esme said. She pointed in the opposite direction from the mining operation down the hill to a circle of colorfully painted wagons near the harbor. “There is the Gypsy camp. They sometimes have horses to sell.”
“Gypsies? Yes, I am familiar with the Roma. They often have jewelry made of coins to trade as well. May we stop there to take a look?”
Esme shrugged. “Yes, I suppose so, though they are not always welcoming to strangers.”
“Let us go and meet them. It appears my cousin and I will be here for some time. I will not be a stranger for long.”

Shalin walked slowly on her appointed task of taking Corban to view the flocks in hopes of selecting an acceptable future parchment. She had many questions she wished to ask him while she had the chance. After peppering him with questions about Constantinople and various cities named in the Logos, she asked in her nascent Greek, “And what of Jerusalem? Have you been there?” 
Corban shook his head. “I have been as close as Tyre with my cousin Mahmet. He wants me to become a trader like himself. I asked that we might go on to see Jerusalem but he said it was too dangerous. Warring clans now inhabit that ancient land. I still hope to see it one day.”
“As do I,” Shalin said. She paused, wondering how much she should tell this man who traveled with traders. “I have an ancient ring that may have a connection to Jerusalem.”
Corban seemed interested. “What kind of connection?”
Shalin shrugged. She did not want to tell him how the ring had seemed to awaken from a long sleep as they neared Tyre. “I think it was made for and by ancient astrologers. Perhaps the ring had to do with a prophecy.”
“You must show it to me sometime,” Corban said.
“I can show it to you now,” Shalin said, pulling the ring free from beneath her tunic. The ring now dangled from a thin gold chain that her friend Soldad had given her the year before in Constantinople.
Corban’s eyes lit with interest as he looked at the ancient ring. “What prophecy?” he asked.
“I do not know.” Shalin was reluctant to speak of the spells hidden within the ring. The two she knew so far were: by careful study of the stars, death may be thwarted, and follow the seven sisters constellation closely as it travels through the skies.
She realized Corban was still awaiting a more complete answer to his question.
“I only know that astrologers often made prophecies based on the movement of the stars and this is likely an astrologer’s ring since the sapphires embedded in it form the shape of the Pleiades Constellation.” 
“Such prophecies are now considered superstitions by the church,” Corban said. “Prophecies must come from God, and often come in the guise of dreams.”
“So you do not believe there is any wisdom to be gained through study of the stars and their movements?”
“I do not; do you?” Corban asked.
“I think it is possible that our ancient ancestors who looked to the stars for advice may have seen messages writ there that have been lost over the ages. That is why I yearn to visit ancient cities and find what old records remain from ancient times.”
“I believe that would be a waste of your time,” Corban stated. “And perhaps one more reason God has sent me to this kingdom on the fringes of the world. To tell you what we now know to be truth.”

Chapter 13

Aboard the Prince Avor

King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia stood at the ship’s rail, breathing in the crisp salty air, as they neared the port of Henge. With no word from their son Prince Avor, the royal couple had set sail along with the acting troupe to attend the one hundred year celebration of Henge’s army. They still had hope that Prince Avor might join them in Henge. 
Delphinia looked at the Kingdom of Henge spread out on the hillside. A circle of colorful gypsy wagons huddled close to the docks. Henge’s castle sat halfway up the hill, walled and imposing. Near the top of the hill carts could be seen coming and going from open pits where men seemed engaged in some sort of excavations. “I cannot believe we are actually about to set foot in Henge after all these years.”
King Geoffrey nodded in agreement. “I always believed if I ever entered Henge it would be at the head of an advancing army. Is it really possible we are now allies?”
Delphinia shrugged. “It would appear so. I only wish Avor were here as well. Surely he will leave Taz to join us here as soon as he receives our message. He does take his job as war minister very seriously.”
“Sometimes too seriously,” Geoffrey complained. “I believe he would be reluctant to enter into this alliance with Henge and Helsop. Especially if he knew our ultimate goal was to weaken Barburee’s power over the world.”
Delphinia sighed. “He does seem determined to remain friends with the Great Khan’s son in spite of all our warnings. Of course I am guilty of just such an attachment to Chimeg and she is the granddaughter of the Great Khan.”
“Yes, I found her to be a sweet child as well,” Geoffrey admitted. “Sometimes it is difficult to keep our priorities intact.”

Phinn the Ambassador stood next to his wife Juanita and his son Drake at the bow of the ship. He and his acting troupe had spent the last several months in Fernland, watching over the building of their new ship and putting on performances for Queen Delphinia when asked to do so.
“It will be good to see my father again,” Phinn told his wife. “He is getting old, I fear.”
Juanita laughed. “The old King will likely outlive us all.”
“How old is Grandpa?” Drake asked.
Phinn shrugged. “He must be around seventy by now. I’m not really sure. Perhaps we should ask him.”
“Do you think he knows how old he is?” Drake asked.
“I’m not sure of that either,” Phinn said.
“This is the hundred year celebration of the founding of the Army,” Juanita said. “We could ask him if he remembers the day the Army was founded.”
Phinn grumbled, “Not funny.”
Juanita smiled. “He will be happy to hear our new ship is almost finished. We could ask him what he would like to name it. Perhaps he would like to give it his own name.”
“I believe it will be my brother’s honor to name the ship since he is paying for it.”
“He will leave it up to Serafina, don’t you think?” Juanita asked.
“He should name it Phinn since it’s to be your ship,” Drake told his father.
Phinn laughed. “It will be our ship, but I think we will have to share it with Serafina since she seems to be traveling more lately.”
Drake appeared to mull this new information over, but did not divulge his thoughts.
Phinn watched the City of Henge come closer. “I believe I will go speak to Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey. This is their first visit to Henge. They may have some questions.”

Phinn smiled as he approached Fernland’s king and queen. “Likely Shalin will be here to meet us,” he told Delphinia. “I don’t know if Esme is still studying at Electra’s school of medicine in Helsop.”
Delphinia nodded. “I am sure Electra and her family were invited. They are likely already here.”
 “The Blackwells will be pleased to learn their new ship is almost ready for launch,” Phinn said.
“Yes.” Delphinia’s eyes brightened. “We shall have to have our own celebration for that. You will surely return to Fernland for that auspicious event.”
“They will have to if they want to take possession of it,” Geoffrey said slyly.
“I suppose we will,” Phinn agreed with a grin.
“I can see the castle halfway up the hill,” Delphinia said. “It looks to be large enough to accommodate all of us.”
“Yes, no problem there. Plenty of rooms,” Phinn assured her.
“What is all that activity further up the hill?” King Geoffrey asked.
Phinn looked out at the activity around the pits “That is Helsop’s mining operation. They found a rich outcrop of iron ore and negotiated with Prince Blackwell for the rights to mine it. Those miners are all from Helsop.”
“I did not know Henge and Helsop had become so friendly,” King Geoffrey said.
“I’m not sure friendship had anything to do with it,” Phinn said. “I believe my brother demands a good number of swords and metal canisters used to contain small amounts of explosives in exchange for the rights to mine the ore.”
“He must have an abundant supply of niter to need so many metal canisters,” Geoffrey remarked.
Phinn recognized they were now on dangerous ground. Bat Island, rich in the guano needed to produce niter, was still a well-kept secret as far as Phinn knew. “It would seem so,” he replied in a noncommittal manner.

As the ship entered the harbor and the crew began to let down sails, the passengers could see people lined up on the dock to welcome them.
Electra was there with her husband and two sons.
Old King Blackwell stood waving beside his son Prince Blackwell. Serafina and the twins were waving as well.
The Prince Avor nudged up against the dock and the gangplank was lowered. Everyone met on the dock and hugged joyfully.
The old King welcomed Phinn and his acting troupe as though they had been gone years rather than months.
Electra and the twins rushed to hug Delphinia while Prince Blackwell shook hands with King Geoffrey.
Dagon and his sons gathered around Delphinia and Geoffrey eager for their turn to hug their grandparents.

The large group made its way slowly up to the castle, catching up on one another’s news as they walked up the hill.
No one noticed that a new ship had entered the harbor until Dagon chanced to look back to make sure his sons were still behind him.
He put up his hand to shield his eyes from the sun and noticed Serafina following his gaze out to the harbor.
“Isn’t that Soldad de Medich’s ship the Sea Dancer?” he asked.
Serafina frowned. “I believe it is.”

Before long others had stopped to see what was catching Dagon’s interest.
“That is Soldad de Medich’s ship. He took us from Constantinople to Taz after our ship was destroyed,” Phinn told the group.
Shalin was one of the last to take note of Soldad’s ship but was certainly the most excited to see it. “It is Soldad’s ship, the Sea Dancer,” she shouted as she began running back down the hill, her long dark hair flying out behind her.
“Shalin,” her father called out. “Wait.”
But she was already out of hearing range.
“I will go with her,” Esme offered.
“Yes, go and invite Soldad to the castle if he is aboard,” Serafina told her.
While the others continued on to the castle, Shalin ran as fast as she could to welcome her friend to Henge. I wonder if he has brought me a prayer wheel, she thought as she neared the dock.

Chapter 14

Kingdom of Henge

The surprise arrival of Soldad de Medich’s ship had set both twins running down the hill to welcome it. Shalin had a head start, but Esme caught up to her sister before they reached the docks, while the Sea Dancer was still maneuvering past other ships at anchor.
“Slow down,” Esme said. “Soldad has not come all the way to the fringes of the world just to touch land and leave again.”
“I want him to know he is welcome here,” Shalin said, keeping her eye on the ship’s progress.
“A welcoming committee of one may not be the best indication of a welcome,” Esme teased. “But mother asked me to authorize you to extend an invitation to him to stay at our castle.”
“Of course he will stay at the castle. Why would he not?”
“He is a trader,” Esme said patiently. “How often do we invite traders to stay at the castle?”
“Aside from Mahmet the Trader who has been invited to stay indefinitely?”
Esme sighed. “Yes, aside from him.”
“Not often, I suppose. But how many traders have rescued us after our ship was destroyed? If our strong box had not been saved we would have been homeless and penniless. It would not have mattered to Soldad. He still would have taken us all the way back to Henge. You know he would have.”
“I daresay many would have offered, knowing we were royalty and that repayment at some point would have been expected,” Esme said.
“I did not know you harbored such a scorn of tradespeople,” Shalin said in a huff.
“I do not, as it happens. And however Soldad chooses to earn a living makes little difference to me. I only want you to remember who you are.”
Shalin stared at her twin. “And who am I? Who are we? You are a physician to animals. I am a reader of books.”
“Yes, true, but we are also both princesses of Henge.”
Shalin shrugged. “I do not see your point.”
“I would hope you would maintain a sense of decorum. It is unseemly for you to be running down the hill to meet a young trader.”
“I had not planned to throw myself into Soldad’s arms,” Shalin said.
“I am relieved to hear it,” Esme said.
Shalin frowned. “Surely you jest.”
Esme smiled. “Yes, I am teasing you, but only a little. We really know very little about this man. He may be an opportunist, come to collect on the debt our family owes him for his kindness in Constantinople. He may have come to negotiate a good contract on shipping our iron ore. I have not told you as yet about the run on swords back in Helsop from traders all over the world. It seems word of the superior metal is now well known among traders.”
Shalin brushed her long hair back from her face as she rolled her eyes. “I find your thinking quite cynical and undeserved. Soldad has never asked anything from us. Quite the opposite. He only stands ready to repay us in any way he is able for saving his life.”
Esme shrugged. “Then there is nothing to worry about and no need to hurry to welcome him. He wishes to stay forever in our debt.”
Shalin walked closer as the Sea Dancer neared the docking area, with sparkle returning to her eyes. “He has likely brought me a prayer wheel.”
Esme put her hand on Shalin’s shoulder to stop her. “Wait. Are you ready to risk losing the final spells to the wind should they fly off your ring before we can capture them?”
“I do not know,” Shalin said. “It is a great risk, but it is the best prospect I have come across so far to get to the final spells. I intend to be very cautious.”
“Perhaps we will detect some sense of power, some hint of authenticity, if it is genuine,” Esme said. “If it does not seem authentic, we should wait until I have a chance to visit the Silent Men. I know their prayer wheels are reliable. They spin prayers out into the world every morning and evening.”
Shalin laughed. “It is difficult to tell which of us is the more naïve – you with your trust of your former kidnappers or me with my trust of a trader.”
Esme’s scowl turned into a giggle. “You may be right.”

As the Sea Dancer tied up to the dock, Shalin and Esme stood straight and proper, searching the deck for the familiar face of the trader. Finally Shalin spotted him, not on deck but up in the crow’s nest, looking out at Henge’s castle.
Perhaps he felt their eyes upon him, for he looked down suddenly and called out to them. “My angels, in the flesh. I’ll be right down.”
He held the side of the crow’s nest as he levered himself up and over, skimming down a net to the deck in a series of graceful drops.
“I will be right back. I have brought you your heart’s desire.” With those words he disappeared below deck.
“Your heart’s desire, is it?” Esme scoffed. “I imagined he thought himself to be your heart’s desire.”
Shalin frowned. “I am sure he is speaking of a prayer wheel.”
“Do you think he knows which of us is which?” Esme asked.
“I would be the one who appears happy to see him,” Shalin said, her sarcasm evident.
Esme smiled.
Soldad reappeared at the ship’s rail and swung down onto the tie ropes to land at the feet of the twins. He pulled a heavily decorated prayer wheel from a pocket in his embroidered tunic and held it out to Shalin.
“This prayer wheel comes from a temple on the high mountains of Tibet. The top of the world. It is quite old and highly revered by the Tibetan monks who crafted it. It is the bearer of prayers spun out into the world for many generations.”
Shalin studied the wheel. It was about the size of a small loaf of bread, made of tin and heavily embossed with oriental symbols. She spun it on its interior spindle. “There. I have sent a prayer out into the world.” She pressed it lovingly to her chest as she smiled at Soldad. It is a gift I will treasure. Thank you.”
“You are most welcome. You recognized the Sea Dancer as it came into port? I was surprised and filled with gratitude to find you both here to welcome me.”
“We had been here earlier to welcome a ship we were expecting. A sister ship to the one we lost in Constantinople,” Esme said. “See her just there? The Prince Avor?”
“Alas, I never had the privilege of seeing your former ship still intact.” He raised his hand to shelter his eyes from the sun as he scrutinized the Prince Avor. “Quite good lines for speed I would judge. The fate of its twin was such a terrible loss for Henge.”
“We are having a new ship built,” Shalin told him. “It is almost finished.”
“Another copy of the Prince Avor?” he asked.
“No,” Esme said. “This one will be larger.”
Shalin leveled a severe glance at Esme. Her sister seemed determined to emphasize Henge’s superiority whenever possible. “As it happens you have come at a time when we can offer a bit of entertainment. Tomorrow we are celebrating an anniversary of our Army and have invited a few of our neighbors to attend,” she said. “Mother hopes you will stay with us at the castle and enjoy the celebration with us.”
“I would be honored,” Soldad said. “Just let me inform my crew as to my whereabouts should they have need of me.”
Soldad strode up the gangplank which had now been lowered and spoke to a man who looked out at the twins and then up to the castle as Soldad spoke to him.
“Would you please stop trying to make us out to be superior to him? It is most embarrassing and completely unnecessary,” Shalin complained to her sister. “His family is likely twice as wealthy as ours.”
Esme frowned. “All right. But promise me you will be on your guard. I do not want you to be taken in by the charm that seems to come so easily to him.”
“I promise you I do not value charm that highly. Not that it would hurt you to work a bit on your own,” Shalin said.
Esme allowed her sister to have the last word on the subject.




Chapter 15

Kingdom of Henge

As Soldad and the twins walked up the hill to the castle, Shalin brought Soldad up to date on Henge’s news. “We have a trader and a scribe staying with us,” she said. “The scribe is from your city of Constantinople.”
“What is his name?” Soldad asked.
“He calls himself Corban the Scribe,” Shalin answered.
Soldad looked surprised. “I think I have heard my brother speak of him. I believe I mentioned before that my brother Tome is very interested in painting. He knows a good many artists and scribes. Yes, I am sure I have heard him mention this man, Corban, as an accomplished scribe.”
Esme spoke up. “He seems very particular about his work. He even insisted on picking out the animal that would be used to make the parchment he required. He said we were lucky to find a stillborn calf whose hide would suffice.”
“Ah, yes, the vellum parchment. It is highly sought after,” Soldad said. “Corban is here in your employ then?”
“Shalin nodded. “Our mother’s employ. He is to make a copy of the trader’s map of the world.”
“I did not know such a map existed,” Soldad declared. “How did the trader come by it?”
Shalin shrugged. “He is from Tripoli, so I suppose it comes from there.”
“A trader from Tripoli?” Soldad shook his head in wonder. “I had imagined I would be the first trader from the Great Sea to reach Henge. I must be losing my touch.”
“You imagine that because Henge is on the fringe of the world?” Esme asked.
Soldad laughed. “Why do you believe you are on the fringe of the world?”
“Because we are on the fringe of the map of the world. Still nameless,” Esme said.
“With all the battles for territory going on in the world just now, that may be the safest place to be,” Soldad said.
“You must come to the library and meet Corban,” Shalin said. “He will likely appreciate news from Constantinople. He and Mahmet the Trader have come overland from the Great Sea.”

As the three entered the castle, they found servants bustling about with luggage and tea trays. King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia were half way up the stairs guided by Serafina, who was pointing out various sets of armor along the way. They stopped their tour and came back down the stone staircase to meet this new guest who stood between the twins, smiling.
Serafina made the introductions. “King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland, please make the acquaintance of Soldad de Medich of Constantinople. We have crossed paths with Soldad several times now in our travels and he has always served us well.”
“A pleasure,” King Geoffrey said as the young man made a sweeping bow.
“It is my honor to make your acquaintance. Shalin and Esme have spoken of you and it has been my honor to meet your son Prince Avor in Taz.”
“Recently?” Queen Delphinia asked, holding her breath.
“It has been perhaps a year ago?” Soldad speculated, looking to Shalin for confirmation.
Shalin nodded. “Soldad took us from Constantinople to Taz on his ship when ours exploded in Constantinople.”
Delphinia’s hope seemed to deflate.
King Geoffrey leaned forward. “Have you any news on the fighting in Hormu Province?”
Soldad’s face brightened. “There, I can be of service. The siege has ended and the City of Hormu has been retaken by the Great Khan’s Army. I regret being the bearer if that is not the news you hoped for.”
“We hoped for any end to the fighting,” Delphinia said. “Now that the battle is decided, perhaps our son will feel at liberty to return home. His duties as bodyguard will no longer be required.”
“Then I am happy to have brought favorable news,” Soldad said.
“Soldad is interested in seeing the map of the world,” Shalin said. “His brother knows Corban the Scribe.”
“We are just on our way up to the library to view it,” Serafina said. “Follow along.”

When the group entered the library, Corban was there, perusing the illuminated book. He stood respectfully as the group entered.
Serafina introduced everyone to Corban.
“I believe you know my brother Tome de Medich,” Soldad said in Greek.
“Tome is your brother?” Corban said. “You are most fortunate. He will soon be renowned for his artistry.”
“Your brother is a scribe?” Serafina asked.
“He is more of an artist. He does paintings for churches and others who desire works of art.”
“He is a gifted painter. His works inspire awe,” Corban added in Greek.
“You are kind to say so,” Soldad said.
“Where is this map of the world we have heard so much about?” King Geoffrey asked in English as Soldad translated.
Corban moved the illuminated book from the table and took down the large parchment from a shelf. He rolled it out and secured the ends with weights, before moving aside.
The group spread out around the table until everyone had a good view of the map.
King Geoffrey ran his finger along the northern edge of the Great Sea. “So many red dots at the edge of the Great Sea. How many have good harbors?” he asked, looking at Corban.
Corban stepped forward and looked down at the map as Soldad translated King Geoffrey’s question. “My cousin Mahmet could tell you more than I, but Soldad – you are a trader, are you not? I know your family trades, you must know most of these ports from your travels.”
Soldad smiled and spoke in English. “Yes. Most of the red dots are known to me. Here is Algiers, Tripoli, Alexandria, Piraeus, all major ports,” he said, pointing to each in turn.  “Two dozen or more are active centers of trade.” 
King Geoffrey seemed impressed by the young trader’s knowledge of the Great Sea and its ports. “What brings you to our part of the world, Soldad?” he asked.
Soldad smiled at Shalin. “I had a prayer wheel to deliver.”
“A what?” Delphinia asked.
Shalin pulled the ornately painted prayer wheel from the pocket of her tunic. It looked to be about ten inches long and perhaps five inches in circumference.  “It is a thing we first saw in the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library in Constantinople,” she said. “It is thought that prayers written inside the wheel go out into the world carried by the wind when the wheel is spun.”
“That is superstitious nonsense,” Corban said when she repeated her explanation in Greek. He stood with arms folded across his chest.
“To others our own beliefs appear superstitious,” Soldad said diplomatically.
“Ignorance,” Corban huffed.
“It is quite lovely,” Delphinia said, unaware of Corban’s disdainful comments in a language she did not speak. She moved closer to examine the prayer wheel. “Still, coming all this way to deliver such a solitary item. It seems a great extravagance.”
“I live to serve,” Soldad told Queen Delphinia with an equally extravagant smile.
“I for one am glad to hear it,” King Geoffrey said. “It may be we will soon have need of such a service as you can provide.”
To sell exploding hand balls to port cities? Shalin wondered.

The guests were shown to their rooms and informed dinner would be served at dusk.
Shalin and Esme went to their shared room to change clothes for dinner. They knew that with Queen Delphinia in residence everyone would be required to dress in formal dinner wear.
“You see?” Shalin said to her sister. “Soldad has not once mentioned the new iron ore discovery. He came to bring me my prayer wheel.”
“The night is still young,” Esme said.

Chapter 16

Kingdom of Henge

Dinner that evening was a formal affair. The swords and shields hanging on the walls of the large dining area had all been cleaned and shined. Dozens of candles glowed atop iron chandeliers. Many small slabs had been cobbled onto their usual dining board to create one large table covered with a white cloth. Their guests included royalty from Fernland and Henge, Phinn’s acting troupe, Electra and her family from Helsop, Soldad the Trader and several generals from Henge’s army. Cook had three new helpers from the army cook’s staff and additional soldiers had been drafted to act as servers.
Prince Blackwell sat at the end of the long table. He raised a glass of wine and invited all to join in his toast. “To Henge’s army, may it continue to stand ready in Henge’s defense.”
“For another one hundred years,” old King Blackwell added.
After the applause from the Henge residents died down, Prince Blackwell raised his glass again.
“To our esteemed guests from Fernland, Helsop and the Great Sea. Thank you for honoring us with your presence.” 
This time the applause came from everyone.
“Please enjoy your meal,” Prince Blackwell continued. “Tomorrow we will celebrate one hundred years of service from our Army’s Cavalry and Infantry with a review of the troops, an archery contest, a riding competition, a picnic and a show of new weapons followed by an evening display of fire flowers.” He signaled for the waiters to begin serving and sat down.
Shalin and Esme were seated to the right and left of Serafina who sat at the opposite end of the long table from her husband. All three wore long gowns with their hair up and encircled in tiaras. Queen Delphinia sat next to Esme and was quick to comment on her appearance.
“Esme, you look lovely tonight. That green gown is the color of your eyes.”
Electra sat next to Shalin and smiled in her direction. “And does not Shalin look pretty in her rose-colored gown?”
“Very lovely,” Delphinia said. “I can hardly believe the two of you will turn fourteen this year. When I first met you I believe you were only three years old.”
They loved their Aunt Delphinia and were glad that all it took to make her happy was a new gown and neatly arranged hair. They traded thoughts.
Do you think anyone really believes this gathering is to celebrate one hundred years of the Army’s existence? Esme relayed to Shalin.
I do not think it matters. They are all here for their own purposes, Shalin telegraphed back to her sister.
“Have you used your prayer wheel as yet?” Serafina asked Shalin.
Shalin knew her mother was asking if she had attempted to lift any spells from her ring using the prayer wheel as Vaspan, keeper of the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library, had suggested.
Delphinia, who knew nothing of the ring’s spells, followed with her own question. “How does a prayer wheel work?” 
Shalin decided to answer her aunt’s question first. “Prayer wheels are very ancient devices, going back to a time when written words were mysterious and magical things to most people. A holy person would write out prayers for his community and curl them around the spindle inside the prayer wheel. Then, when the prayer wheel was spun, the prayer was thought to be carried on the wind out to the community at large to protect or encourage them.”
“What a lovely tradition,” Queen Delphinia said. She looked at Electra. “Is this part of Yeshua’s philosophy?”
“I have not seen mention of it in the Fish Book, though he does encourage prayer,” Electra replied.
Shalin looked at her mother and answered the question she had left hanging with a shake of her head. She had not yet had time to try to unveil the remaining spells in her ring.
“And have you sent out any prayers as yet?” Delphinia asked, assuming that was the meaning behind Serafina’s question.
“No, not as yet. Perhaps you would like to send out a prayer for the wind to capture?” Shalin offered.
“I would indeed,” Delphinia said. “Could I find a breeze which might find Avor still in Taz, I would wish him a safe journey home to Fernland.”
Laughter from the other end of the table caught the ladies’ attention. Phinn’s face was red with embarrassment so the twins guessed the joke must have been at his expense.
Shalin made a mental note to ask Soldad later what the joke had been. She looked down the table and found him seated between Electra’s son Gregor and Mahmet the Trader from Tripoli.
“Is there news from Avor?” Serafina asked her sister, Queen Delphinia.
Delphinia shook her head. “We have had no news. Before that young trader Soldad arrived here, we did not even know that the Great Khan’s army had retaken Hormu Province. Of course Avor may have sent a message that has not yet arrived. Geoffrey sent Avor a message asking him to meet us here if he was able. If anything important is discussed here, our Minister of War should be present to give his opinion.”
Serafina nodded. “When we saw Avor in Taz, he seemed quite focused on the safety of Hormu’s Queen and her two sons.”
Shalin was aware of Electra’s sharp intake of breath and searched her cousin’s mind for the reason. She saw that Electra feared the twins might have told their mother the secret they had seen in Prince Avor’s mind—that Avor had asked the Great Khan’s permission to marry Queen Cogatin and become Regent to Prince Altan, the Crown Prince.
Shalin wanted to reassure Electra that they had not told Serafina but there was no way to do so without raising suspicion.
Queen Delphinia looked at her sister with a forlorn expression. “I have heard that from others. Why he should feel such responsibility for a Mongol queen is beyond my comprehension. Surely his responsibility ended when he delivered her into her husband’s keeping. Even if her husband died in the fighting, she is the Great Khan’s responsibility now – not Avor’s.”
Serafina shrugged. “Now that the battle is finished, you will likely hear from him.”
Delphinia nodded. “If we do not, I suppose Geoffrey and I could travel to Taz ourselves.” She looked from Electra to Serafina. “Unless one of you is planning to return there in the near future and could bring us word.”
“I see that as a possibility,” Serafina said, “depending on the outcome of our  proposed talks.”
As one of the waiters was asking Serafina if she would care for more wine, Shalin turned quickly to Electra and whispered, “Mother does not know about Avor’s request of the Great Khan.”
“Thank you,” Electra whispered back.

At the close of their meal, Prince Blackwell gave a final toast to everyone’s good health and encouraged them all to stay and listen to music that Phinn and his acting troupe had offered to provide. As the actors rose to take up their instruments, Prince Blackwell gave silent nods to King Geoffrey, Dagon and his father old King Blackwell.
The three leaders followed Prince Blackwell up the stairs to his office where they would hold their secret talks.
Some people remained in their seats at the table while others moved their chairs to face the assembled musicians.
“Will you join us with your flute?” Phinn asked Shalin.
“No, I will stay to listen this time,” Shalin said. She took a vacated seat next to Soldad.
Soldad smiled and pulled his chair closer. “A most impressive meal,” he said. “I wonder what sort of meal my crew will be dining on aboard ship tonight.”
Shalin laughed. “They may take advantage of the vendors on the docks if you pay them well.”
Soldad pressed his hand to his chest in a theatrical manner. “Am I not known for my generosity?”
“Actually, here in Henge, you are well known for it. We are much indebted to you for your help in Constantinople.” Shalin glanced over at Phinn who was helping his son Drake tighten the cords on his drum. “We heard laughter at Uncle Phinn’s expense earlier. What was that about?”
“The acting troupe was speaking of their new ship, soon to be completed at Fernland’s shipyard. One suggested it should be called, Phinn the Ambassador. Since Prince Blackwell did not seem inclined to accept that name, one of the actors, Tom, I believe he is called, suggested they name the ship Take the Thief. Everyone found that funny, but I admit I did not understand the levity.”
Shalin grimaced. “Take the Thief is a former name of Phinn the Ambassador. At one time he lived hand to mouth as an orphan in Fernland’s marketplace.” She shook her head in empathy for her sweet uncle. “It is a long story.”
The music started and those assembled were treated to African rhythms there in Henge on the fringes of the known world.

Chapter 17

Kingdom of Henge

Upstairs in Prince Blackwell’s office, an air of anticipation filled the room. 
Prince Blackwell had arranged chairs around the front of his desk for his fellow conspirators. His father old King Blackwell, clicking along on his wooden leg, took the chair to his son’s right. King Geoffrey took the chair to Blackwell’s left beside a silver shield hanging on the wall. Dagon took the remaining chair with his back to the closed wooden door of the office. Prince Blackwell sat behind his desk with quill and papyrus ready for notetaking. 
Prince Blackwell, fittingly attired in the black and silver uniform of Henge’s Commander-in-Chief, spoke first. “I believe all of you have some idea of the subject of this conclave. We touched on it briefly in Fernland last year. Since we have a surplus of explosives here in Henge now and peace with our neighboring kingdoms, we perceive the Mongols to be our biggest threat. Would you all agree?” 
Dagon watched the angry expression on Geoffrey’s face and wondered if the anger was for his son’s involvement with the Mongols or for the Mongols themselves.
“Yes, I do still see them as a threat, though I suppose Avor’s friendship with the Great Khan’s son offers Fernland some protection from attack,” Geoffrey responded.
Prince Blackwell nodded. “What I envision is a campaign to lessen the Mongols’ power here in the West. A secret campaign that appears on the surface to be no campaign at all – merely trading among nations as usual.”
“But the item traded would be explosives,” Geoffrey ventured.
“And the trading would be very selective,” Blackwell continued. “We would only sell to port authorities around the Great Sea. To those militias and officials tasked with protecting their ports and marketplaces from attacks.”
Geoffrey nodded slowly. “It would be in their best interest to keep the explosives away from common traders and exclusively in their own hands.”
“Exactly.” Prince Blackwell made a note on his papyrus. “We could select an agent to do the work of seeking out such officials or we could do it ourselves to ensure secrecy.”
Geoffrey voiced a new concern. “Certainly Fernland has an excess of explosive arrows and hand balls just now, and I would like to put a thorn in the side of the Mongol ranks—but transporting these explosives is a dangerous business, as you well know, having lost a ship to an explosion. The white powder we transport from China must be kept dry and isolated even before processing into its more volatile state once it reaches Fernland. Who is to be elected to transport these dangerous cargoes to the various port authorities?” he asked.
The four men exchanged glances without speaking.
“Unfortunately, Helsop only has two fishing boats with open holds for fish. We’ve also no way to get our ships from Helsop to the Great Sea,” Dagon said.
“The King Geoffrey is on its way to China and will not return for a year or more,” King Geoffrey said. “And I would not risk losing it by filling it with explosives in any case.”
“What about the Prince Avor?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“What about your new ship? It is close to finished,” King Geoffrey countered, staring at Blackwell.
Prince Blackwell saw his father frown. “Actually the new ship is to be a replacement for Phinn’s old ship, the Kingdom of Henge. It is meant to carry the acting troupe ambassadors to various neighboring kingdoms,” the prince said.
“That seems a good camouflage for a ship carrying weapons,” King Geoffrey said. “No one would suspect it.”
“Absolutely not,” old King Blackwell said emphatically. “I’ll not have my son and his family traveling with a cargo of dangerous explosives. The way I see things – if you want to conquer an enemy, declare war. That way everybody knows what they are about. Killing the enemy. None of this secret stuff that just confuses everyone.”
Dagon stifled a grin. Sometimes it was hard to argue with the old King’s logic.
Prince Blackwell put his hands up in surrender. “All right, Father. Here is another idea that just occurred to me.” He turned to his left. “Perhaps we could rent the Prince Avor from you, King Geoffrey, for Phinn’s continuing use. It is exactly like the ship he lost, after all, and the Kingdom of Henge served him well.”
“How does that help?” King Geoffrey asked.
“We could then modify the new ship to hold explosives while it is still up on the ways. Dagon and his blacksmiths could fabricate iron sheets to line the cargo hold and contain any explosions, though I doubt any flame could bypass such a metal barrier to ignite the explosives in the first place.”
“This seems a good compromise,” King Geoffrey agreed. “This way everyone contributes something—a ship from Fernland, a ship from Henge and iron work from Helsop.”
“Does that mean that you will give us the use of the Prince Avor rent free?”
Geoffrey frowned, then laughed. “Yes, I suppose I could do that.”
“Then who will man the new ship?” Dagon asked. “And will it carry other goods as though it is a common trading ship?”
The men were quiet for a moment, considering.
“Perhaps we should take turns manning the ship, when we have our own explosives cargo aboard,” Prince Blackwell suggested. “That way we could each make our own trades with port officials and carry our own items to sell in addition to our explosives.”
“I would not mind selling some of the silk cloth the King Geoffrey brings back to someone other than my wife,” King Geoffrey lamented.
Dagon and Prince Blackwell laughed. The old King did not seem to understand the joke.
Dagon spoke up. “Helsop has no explosives to sell, but if we are to fabricate iron sheets to line the cargo hold, we might at least be able to add some of our tools and weapons to the trade goods from time to time.”
“Helsop is making all the canisters for the exploding hand balls. You will profit from your sales to us as we enlarge our markets around the Great Sea,” Prince Blackwell argued. “But we could likely include some of Helsop’s trade items if you like.”
“Then we will need to increase our iron ore shipments from Henge,” Dagon said.
Prince Blackwell frowned. “Yes, all right. It seems we have an abundance in any case. New pockets of the ore are being exposed daily as digging continues.”
Old King Blackwell held up a hand. “You are giving our iron ore away for free to Helsop. You do realize you could make a hefty profit on your iron ore if you just sold that to ports around the Great Sea and forgot all about this secret campaign.”
Prince Blackwell smiled at his father. “I do realize that, Father. I am not completely devoid of sense. But the whole idea here is to weaken the power of the Great Khan before he conquers China and turns his Army westward to complete his ambition of ruling the whole world.”
“No one lives forever,” old King Blackwell said. “He will eventually die and his conquered territories go to his many sons. That is when the kingdoms will begin to falter.”
Dagon believed the old King was likely right about that. But in the meantime, more nations would fall to the Great Khan’s mighty army, and no one had as yet even mentioned the pirates that were a continuing threat to the port cities.
“We would be saving those who fall victim to pirates if we can offer the port militias better weapons to defend themselves,” Dagon said to the old King.
“Those people are not our responsibility,” the old King argued. “But I can see you are all set on doing this. You have weapons to sell and people who will want to buy them. I hope you do not become targets of these same pirates if word leaks out about what you carry in your ship’s hold.”
The men were quiet for a moment as they considered the old King’s warning.

Chapter 18

Kingdom of Henge

After a long day of greeting guests, catching up on one another’s news and convening the long anticipated meeting of leaders, everyone in the castle seemed glad to finally retire to their assigned rooms. 
That evening Serafina and Prince Blackwell sat on the terrace outside their bedroom discussing the day’s events. In particular Serafina questioned her husband about the talks with King Geoffrey, her father-in-law and Dagon.
Prince Blackwell looked out at the harbor where the visiting ships bobbed at anchor. He took a drink of the hot apple cider a soldier had brought to their room. “The last thing my father said was a warning. If word of what we are doing leaks out somehow, our ship could become a target for pirates.”
“Yes, they would like to have these new weapons themselves, as well as desiring to put us out of business,” Serafina agreed, warming her hands of the sides of the hot cider cup. “We should arm the new ship accordingly, but without an obvious show of defenses.”
“How do you propose to do that? And why? It should be defense enough that we will have exploding arrows and hand-balls aboard.”
Serafina was quiet for a moment. “We need more information on ancient naval warfare,” she said finally. “The Greeks fought legendary battles at sea. I need to learn more about Greek fire. We both know naval strength is the Great Khan’s greatest deficiency.” She wrapped her fur cape more tightly around her shoulders as the first stars appeared in the night sky.
Prince Blackwell frowned. “Such talk makes me uneasy. I hope you are not planning another long trip abroad.”
“We do have Soldad here with a ship that must return eventually to Constantinople, the city of the Imperial Library, home to what remains of ancient history. That presents an opportunity,” Serafina said.
Prince Blackwell closed his eyes and leaned back in his chair. “I cannot leave just now for Constantinople. I need to oversee the mining operation and the readying of our new ship.”
“When will our new ship be ready for launch?” Serafina asked.
“That will be delayed now that we have decided to line the cargo hold with metal sheets,” Blackwell said.
“And you think Dagon will see to that as soon as possible?” Serafina asked, sipping her hot drink as she followed the movement of the Orion Constellation overhead.
“There is no timetable, but yes, I would imagine so. He will also need to oversee an increase in his mining operation.”
“He could accompany King Geoffrey back to Fernland aboard the Prince Avor to begin work,” Serafina said.
Blackwell turned his gaze from the harbor below to his wife. “Yes, I am sure that is possible. Why do you care about the time table?”
“I appreciate the need to proceed quickly and at the same time I perceive an opportunity to make defensive adjustments to our new ship while it is still up on the building ways.”
Prince Blackwell was quiet as he stared at his wife. “These ponderings seem to be leading somewhere. Where might that be?”
Serafina continued. “I should like to accompany Soldad on the Sea Dancer back to the Imperial Library in Constantinople. As a friend of the De Medich family I would be assured admission to the library’s materials. I may learn about ancient defenses that can be incorporated in our new ship before it leaves the ways.”
Prince Blackwell sighed. “You are proposing a voyage of weeks if not months. Is it really so important to study Greek sea battles? I should think our explosives, so far unavailable to most of the world, would offer enough protection.”
Serafina shook her head. “The secrets of our explosives will eventually find their way into our opponents’ ears. Our foremost enemy, the Great Khan, already has exploding arrows. And now he also has a fledgling navy. When all parties have access to the same weapons, victory will go to those who have the best defenses or the shrewdest tactics.”

The next morning, the celebration of One Hundred Years began with a military parade through the streets of Henge. Infantry soldiers in full uniform marched in formation and cavalry soldiers rode carefully-groomed horses through the city in a sea of  Henge’s colors, black and silver.
Crowds of people watching along the parade route clapped, cheered and waved flags and banners they had made to honor their troops on this day of celebration. Even little children saluted as the soldiers passed by through the city on their way to the celebration grounds.
The parade was followed by an archery contest, where the prize was a new longbow presented to the winning archer by Prince Blackwell himself.
A series of horse races by members of the cavalry saw the winning horse and rider presented with a new saddle inlaid with silver embellishments.
The afternoon’s high point, the display everyone was most eager to witness, was held on Henge’s archery field which was already packed to capacity in the viewing area on the sidelines of the field. There was to be a demonstration of Henge’s newest and most deadly weapons.
A row of Henge’s finest archers lined up at the front of the field, far from the targets awaiting destruction at the opposite end. Benches bordered the sides of the field where dignitaries and army officers sat. Crowds of people stood behind the benches, vying for good viewing angles. 
 At a signal from Prince Blackwell, the first archer took aim. An aide ran up to light the fuse sticking out from the explosives packet attached to the arrow.
As the archer let fly, the arrow soared to its intended target – a wooden board  at the end of the archery field.
Everyone watching gasped as the wooden target blew apart. Slivers of flame flew high in the air as the loud boom of the explosion reverberated through the city.
Archer after archer down the line continued to mesmerize the crowds as they hit their intended targets with explosive force, sending bits of flaming debris high into the sky.
As the archers left the field to thunderous applause, the next line of soldiers moved in to face closer targets with their hand thrown explosives. To make the display more interesting, the targets had been attached to ropes so soldiers could pull them from side to side across the field. 
One of the targets was a miniature wooden façade of a castle on wheels. Men on opposite sides of the field pulled it to and fro with their long ropes. They were dressed in armor to prevent injury should any flying scraps chance to fly further than expected.
The first thrower touched the fuse of his ball to the flame of a candle at his feet. He took careful aim at the moving castle and threw with a great heave. As the ball flew through the air the castle suddenly changed direction. The ball missed its mark and exploded as it hit the ground just behind and to the right of the castle. A dark cloud of dirt shot up into the air.
Esme and Dag watched the exhibition from a raised area near the Army barracks.
“This next man will get it,” Dag assured Esme. “I have seen him practice. He is a dead-on shot.”
“The first soldier would have had it if the pullers had not changed direction at the last second,” Esme complained.
Dag’s eyes followed the target carefully. “Now!” he shouted just as the soldier released his ball. The castle exploded with a satisfying crack. Dag clapped loudly with his hands held over his head in an enthusiastic cheer.
New targets were brought out for the remaining exploding ball-throwers. The on-lookers roared their appreciation. At the end of the exhibition, all of Henge and its visitors were invited to partake of food laid out on tables.

Shalin sat with Soldad and his ship’s crew as biscuits, roasted chicken, mutton, vegetables and rice pudding were passed out on the flat wooden trenchers used as plates by Henge’s soldiers.
“Those are some serious weapons your Army has perfected,” Soldad said to Shalin. “I have not seen their like, though the Mongols are rumored to have something akin to the exploding arrows.”
“Yes, they are quite lethal,” Shalin agreed, “though as yet we have had no need to put them to use. We are at peace with our neighboring kingdoms. In fact most of our neighboring leaders have been invited to this celebration.”
“Should you ever decide to sell your weapons, I know my Emperor would be an eager purchaser,” Soldad said.
“I believe that may soon be a possibility.” Shalin lowered her voice. “But I should not speak out of turn. You might ask my father if you are interested.”
“I am sure everyone who saw what these weapons are capable of will be interested,” Soldad assured her.
As the sun dipped below the horizon, Shalin searched the skies for the first evening star. “There is to be a show of fire flowers as soon as the sky darkens.”
“I thought all your fire flowers exploded with your ship back in Constantinople,” Soldad said, surprised.
“My mother has made her own.” Shalin grinned. “I think she has even made a few improvements.”

Chapter 19

Kingdom of Henge

A hush fell over the assembled celebrants as the first fire flower streaked through the night sky with an eerie whistling noise. The sky lit up with a hundred bright silver and green stars. Cheers and shouts of delight from the astonished crowd accompanied the stars as they fell to earth. 
As Serafina’s homemade fire flowers exploded in the sky, Serafina herself sat down on the grassy hillside beside Shalin and Soldad.
“Your fire flowers are quite amazing,” Soldad remarked.  “I understand you made them yourself.”
“Yes, we have been busy experimenting with new ways to use an explosive mixture of ingredients,” Serafina told Soldad. “I enjoy such experiments.”
“Most resourceful.” Soldad kept his eyes on the sky, waiting for the next fire flower to appear.
“I have come to ask a favor,” Serafina said.
“I am happy to oblige.” Soldad turned his clean-shaven face to Serafina, giving her his full attention.  
“I should like to do more research on the subject of weapons at your Imperial Library in Constantinople.”
Another fire flower exploded overhead. Soldad jerked his head up to see the sparkles drift down around them. “You would be most welcome there, of course. Would you like to accompany me on my return to Constantinople aboard the Sea Dancer?”
“Yes.” Serafina smiled at the young man. “Would that be possible?”
“But of course,” Soldad assured her. “We would be honored to have you as our guest.” He furrowed his brow. “We will, however, be delayed in our return to Constantinople for a time. Our new minted coins have been such a success that we are already in need of more gold to feed the melting furnaces. I must make a journey to Timbitu to purchase more gold before returning to Constantinople.”
“Even better,” Serafina said. “Then I might also have a chance to learn a bit more from Timti’s vast library.”
“The journey through the vast Sahara can be most challenging,” Soldad cautioned.
Shalin saw what Soldad was remembering. Serafina had been laid low with malaria on her last visit to Timbitu. She was remembering the same event herself and thought this a very dangerous idea. Much as she herself would like to spend time in Timti’s library, Shalin could not imagine risking her mother’s life for the opportunity.
“But Mother – what of the bad air disease you contracted there? Surely it is too dangerous to risk another episode,” Shalin said.
“I am likely immune to it now that I have survived it,” Serafina said, dismissing the danger with a wave of her hand.
Soldad looked from Shalin to Serafina, reluctant to take sides. Shalin could see he thought it a bad idea as well, but would never presume to say so. “Again, we would be honored to have you aboard or with our desert caravan.”
“Good,” Serafina said. She looked at Shalin. “Would you like to come along?”
Shalin swallowed hard. “I would. Of course. Do you think Father will allow it?”
“Yes, I have already spoken to him about my plans.” Serafina stood up, brushing some grass from her skirt. “When do you plan to leave?” she asked Soldad.
“Actually, we had planned to leave tomorrow now that the prayer wheel has been delivered.”
“That will be fine. Feel free to take a few cartfuls of our iron ore along as a gift. Perhaps your Emperor might have a use for it.”
Soldad dipped his head, with his hand over his heart. “You are most generous.”
“What about Esme?” Shalin asked, finding it difficult to take all this in. Between her excitement to leave on a voyage with Soldad and her fear for her mother’s health, she could scarcely catch her breath.
“You might ask Esme if she wants to come along,” Serafina said. “But tell her she must be ready to leave tomorrow and that we could be gone a very long time.”
As soon as her mother walked too far to overhear, Shalin whispered to Soldad, “I must tell Esme at once. She will not be in favor of this decision. Do you want to come with me?”
“I think it best if I stay here. Your sister may think I am somehow to blame in this,” Soldad whispered back.
“You are likely correct. Esme will be furious that Mother would risk her health in this way.”
“Traveling through the desert may not be as dangerous as traveling through the wet lands. It seems more people fall victim to the disease when living in the humid wetlands of the jungle.” Soldad shrugged. “Small comfort, I know.”

Shalin found Esme and Dag next to the barracks. They were both lying on a blanket, watching the fire flowers explode above them.
Shalin sat down on the edge of the blanket and both Dag and Esme sat up.
“Are they not beautiful?” Esme asked her sister, pointing to the sky.
As she nodded her agreement, Shalin said, “We have a problem.”
“Someone has discovered the Army is really only ninety-nine years old?” Esme asked, smiling.
Shalin smiled in spite of her worry. “Mother is leaving tomorrow on the Sea Dancer to return to Timbitu.”
“What?” Esme exclaimed. “That is not possible. Why?”
“She wants to study weapons and war tactics at the Imperial Library in Constantinople and since Soldad must go first to Timbitu to buy more gold for his Emperor, she plans to go with him across the desert to visit Timti’s library in Timbitu as well.”
“Was this Soldad’s idea?” Esme asked.
“No. He also thought it a dangerous idea because of her sickness the last time she was there.”
Dag looked from one twin to the other, trying to follow this conversation. “What sickness?” he asked.
“Malaria,” Esme said. “It nearly killed her and now she wants to go back where she will surely have a relapse. We must stop her from going.”
“How do you propose we do that?” Shalin asked.
“Father!” Esme stood up. “We must tell Father. He will surely forbid it.”
“Mother would be very angry if you did,” Shalin said. “And she would likely still go. She might even deny ever having the disease. She never told Father about it.”
Esme pulled at her hair. “There must be some way to stop her.”
“I do not think there is. She is adamant about going.”
Esme gave her sister an angry look. “Then why have you come here to tell me this if there is nothing to be done?”
“I have come to ask you if you want to go along.”
“This is madness. Are you going?”
“Yes. I am going, though I would rather she not take the chance with her health.”
Esme’s eyes narrowed. “You want to go. You want to go with Soldad. You want to visit Timti’s library.”
“Yes, all that is true.”
Esme put both hands atop her head, as though holding it down from flying away. “If I do not go, and she dies there, I will never forgive myself.”
“But you do not want to go?” Shalin asked.
“No, I do not want to go. My life is here in Henge and in Helsop. I have no use for libraries.” She looked at Dag with sad eyes.
“It seems you have no choice,” Dag said.
Esme sat back down on the blanket. She looked at Dag. “Would you take care of Yancey and Nancy?”
“Of course,” Dag said. “How long will you be gone?”
Esme and Dag looked at Shalin for an answer.
Shalin held up one finger. “First to Tangier, then a caravan through the desert to Timbitu. Then back to Tangier and on to Constantinople. I do not know how we will return from Constantinople. It will be a very long journey—several months.”
“You say we leave tomorrow?” Esme asked.
“Yes. I am sorry.” Shalin left them so they could say their goodbyes in private. She was glad Soldad had not come with her. Esme would surely have found a way to blame him.

Chapter 20

Kingdom of Henge

After the fire flower display, Dagon walked back to the castle with Electra and their sons.
“What a beautiful display that was,” Electra exclaimed. “Do you think we might find an occasion to celebrate in Helsop that might justify the purchase of a few fire flowers?”
“The anniversary of the founding of Helsop’s militia?” Dagon laughed as he said the words.
“Someone’s birthday?” Soren suggested.
Electra smiled. “It would have to be something that the whole village would want to celebrate.”
“Perhaps the completion of our castle,” Dagon suggested in a more serious tone.
“Yes,” Electra said with enthusiasm. “How many years ago was that?”
“I would have to stop and think,” Dagon said. “It was before the boys were born.”
“Just after the Vagan attack,” Electra said.
They reached the gate to the castle and Dagon stopped. “I need to take care of an errand before I join you. I have to speak to Dorian the Sword Maker and his son Tandor. Perhaps Dag as well. It should not take long.”
Electra looked worried. “Is everything all right?”
“Yes, of course. Just some blacksmithing business. If there is food to be had, save some for me.”

Dagon ran back to the Army barracks where he found Dag and Esme still sitting on a blanket close to the barracks, speaking in hushed voices.
“I need to talk to you, along with Tandor and Dorian,” Dagon told his nephew.
Dag stood up, ready to accompany him.
Dagon could see that Esme seemed upset. “You can wait and join us in a few minutes if you like,” he told Dag, regretting his intrusion.
Dag shook his head. “No, it is fine.”
Esme stood up. “She waved at Dag as she turned toward the castle. “I will see you tomorrow before we leave if you are still here.”
“Is Esme going somewhere?” Dagon asked his nephew.
Dag nodded. “She does not want to go, but her mother plans to accompany Soldad de Medich on his voyage to Constantinople with a stop off in Timbitu. Esme fears Serafina will have a relapse of the malaria that infected her the last time they visited Timbitu.” He shrugged. “Esme has decided she has no choice but to go on this long voyage with her mother.”
Dagon tried to think of a plausible reason for Serafina’s decision but could not come up with one. “Do you know why Serafina has decided to go to Constantinople?”
“She wants to study Roman weapons at the Imperial Library there. It is supposed to be the largest library in the world and holds what written works remain of Roman history.”
“Curious,” Dagon said, tilting his head as he considered this information. “Whatever the reason for her interest in Roman times, it does not concern us. We in Helsop have been tasked with another matter that will involve a trip to Fernland.”

Dagon and his nephew found Dorian and Tandor eating lamb chops in the officers’ mess, a utilitarian wood-walled room in a building built to house warriors.
“Are there more of those?” Dagon asked, looking at the lamb chops.
Dorian pointed to the counter at the back of the room. “Just find a trencher and help yourself. They are very good.”
When the three were all seated with wooden trenchers full of lamb chops, Dagon savored a few bites before remembering he had asked Electra to save him some food. “We had our talks yesterday and have decided to rid the world of pirates,” he began.
Dorian stopped with his fork halfway to his mouth. “It seems a worthwhile endeavor. How are we to accomplish this?”
Dagon smiled. “Helsop’s part in this endeavor is to go to Fernland and make some final adjustments to the ship Prince Blackwell has ordered to replace the Kingdom of Henge.”
“The ship that blew up?” Tandor asked. 
“Yes,” Dagon said.  It seemed everyone had heard the story of the Kingdom of Henge’s spectacular demise. “Fernland’s part in this enterprise will be to give over the Prince Avor to replace the Kingdom of Henge for Phinn and his acting troupe. Henge’s part will be to use this new ship to carry exploding arrows and exploding hand balls to those ports around the Great Sea in need of protection from pirates.”
“And our part?” Dorian asked. “These adjustments we are to make to the new ship?”
“We are to make the cargo hold safe from explosions,” Dagon finished.
“How?” Tandor asked.
“We thought lining the hold with sheets of metal might make a good first step,” Dagon said.
“We would need to see the ship. Make careful measurements. Perhaps make a model to find the exact curvatures,” Dorian said, thinking ahead.
“Yes,” Dagon agreed. “I assume King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia will be returning to Fernland soon, now that the celebration and the talks are concluded. We could perhaps go along on the Prince Avor.”
“You do not need to go,” Dorian said. “Tandor and I can handle it.”
“I am sure you can,” Dagon replied. “Electra may want to go for a visit. We shall see.”
“We found a new outcrop of high grade ore,” Tandor said. “Do we have permission to extend our mining operations?”
“Yes,” Dagon said. “It seems everything is being ramped-up now that we are to save the world from pirates. More ore will be mined; more weapons of the exploding type will be needed.”
Dorian looked wary of this new surge of weapons manufacture. “It is unlike Prince Blackwell to worry about other kingdoms’ pirate problems. Is he after more money from selling weapons or is it something else?”
“There is a long game involved, with this strategy that includes all three allies.” Dagon looked at each face around the table individually. “Prince Blackwell and King Geoffrey both see the Mongols as the biggest threat to their kingdoms. They feel that by getting rid of pirates around the Great Sea, they will strengthen ship trade. This could be a death knell to caravan trade.”
Dorian nodded slowly. “I see. The Mongols are a migratory people, traveling with their herds. They protect the caravan routes. They would not be able to compete with shipping trade if the ports were made equally safe.”
“That is what Geoffrey and Blackwell are gambling on in this effort to eradicate pirates,” Dagon said.
“Why the need for secrecy?” Tandor asked.
“If the Great Khan caught wind of our real purpose, he would send an army to wipe us off the face of the earth,” Dagon said.
Dorian smiled. “We can’t have that.” He took a last bite of lamb chops. “Shall I speak to King Geoffrey about traveling on the Prince Avor or will you?”
“I will ask him tonight,” Dagon said, rising from his seat.
“You did not finish your chops,” Tandor said, surprised.
“Help yourself to them,” Dagon said. “I may have another meal waiting for me at the castle.”

As Dagon entered the castle, he could see everyone was just beginning a meal and he was glad he had left some room in his stomach.
He chose a seat near King Geoffrey, saying, “I have two master blacksmiths ready to sail for Fernland to take measurements on the new ship’s cargo area. Might they travel to Fernland with you aboard the Prince Avor?”
Queen Delphinia was quick to see an opportunity. “Yes, of course, and you must come along too, with Electra and the boys.”
“Fine with me,” Dagon said. He looked at his wife.
“Yes, that would be most enjoyable. We would love to visit,” Electra said, smiling at her mother.
“We will leave tomorrow,” King Geoffrey stated, looking pleased himself.

Chapter 21

Kingdom of Henge

King Geoffrey’s ship the Prince Avor was the first to leave the next morning. With Electra’s family, Dag, Tandor and Dorian the Master Sword Maker aboard, they made a large genial group.
Serafina, Shalin and Esme stood on shore waving goodbye to Electra and her family, while Soldad’s ship the Sea Dancer was loaded up with a cargo full of iron ore.
“Will you bring your new prayer wheel with you on our voyage?” Serafina asked Shalin.
“Yes of course. It was the first thing I packed. I hoped Esme and I could uncover the remainder of the hidden spells while aboard the Sea Dancer, but now I am having second thoughts.”
“What sort of second thoughts?” Serafina asked.
“I thought since we are on our way to Constantinople eventually, it might be better to wait until I can use the prayer wheel under the guidance of Vaspan at the Ptolemaeus Memorial Library. I do not want to risk losing the spells we have already uncovered.”
Serafina shrugged. “There will always be risks in anything one attempts.”
“Yes, but some risks are unnecessary,” Shalin persisted.
Soldad joined the three princesses. “You are most kind, Princess Serafina, to allow us this fine cargo of iron ore. I know my emperor will be most pleased.”
“Pleased enough to allow us the use of the Imperial Library, I hope,” she replied.
“There was never a doubt there,” Soldad assured her. “My family contributes to the library’s upkeep. We have close ties to the bishops in charge.”
“Have you a section on ancient Rome and its military campaigns?” Serafina asked.
“Many sections. Roman history is our own history. We treat it as such. Fortunately, Rome took up residence in Constantinople before the Picts were able to destroy all our treasures. Generally war means the fate of history goes to the victor.”
“I assume your emperor might also be interested in purchasing some of our explosive weapons?”
Soldad smiled at Serafina. “Much more than merely interested. I believe he would be inclined to pay whatever price you ask to obtain such weapons. My only fear on seeing their power is that they might fall into the hands of our enemies.”
“Who are your enemies?” Serafina asked.
“Any one of our neighbors might qualify if one took a notion to expand its territories. We most fear the Mongols, of course, but the Persians are always a potential threat and renegade seamen might break off from any kingdom to try to survive on their own with quick pirate raids.”
Serafina moved closer to Soldad. “Our weapons would make such raids unlikely, once the pirates saw the results. Word would leak out to other potential renegades that Constantinople had strong defenses.”
“You know the worth of your inventions,” Soldad noted. “They are priceless.”
“Shall I arrange to have a few samples brought aboard for demonstration purposes when we reach Constantinople?” Serafina asked.
“As many as you like,” Soldad said. “I guarantee their sale in Constantinople. You will likely become the guests of the Emperor himself for as long as you choose to stay in our fair city.”
“I will see to it,” Serafina said, turning to walk briskly back to the castle.
As soon as her mother left, Shalin looked back at Soldad. “Are you sure you want explosives on board? Remember what happened to our ship, the Kingdom of Henge.”
“When it comes to new weapons, the greater danger is always in being the last to procure them. Those fortunate enough to be first will always have the advantage.”
“Will the Emperor reward you for bringing them to him?” Esme asked.
“He will more likely reward your mother for bringing them. But as long as I bring the gold required to keep his mint producing, I will still have favor with him.”
Esme frowned. “I do not like the idea of my mother’s returning to Timbitu. I fear a relapse of her disease.”
“Might you all prefer to stay in Tangier until my caravan returns with the needed gold? I, too, fear the rigors of a journey through the desert may prove a hardship for your mother. There are sandstorms to contend with, and often the possibility of bandits.”
Esme shook her head. “She would never agree to stay behind. She hopes to spend time in Timbitu studying in the numerous private libraries there.”
“I believe there may be libraries in Tangier,” Soldad said.
“Are there?” Shalin asked.
“I must confess I do not know for sure. My stops in Tangier have always been brief and usually confined to the caravansary areas,” Soldad said.

Serafina found Prince Blackwell in her library, looking at the map of the world.
“My dear,” Blackwell said, looking up. “I had hoped to find you here amongst your books. Are you still intent on accompanying Soldad de Medich all the way to Constantinople?”
“Yes, I have just spoken to him down at his ship where the miners are loading his cargo with iron ore.”
“I suppose it is the least we can do to repay him for his generosity when we were left without a ship last year in Constantinople.”
“He says his Emperor will pay any price for our new explosive weapons. They are constantly on edge there with powerful kingdoms surrounding them. I have offered to take a few samples aboard that we might use as demonstrations for the Emperor of Constantinople.”
Prince Blackwell was quiet for a moment, then looked out the library window to the harbor below. “I suppose we could pack them in an iron trunk for safety. Soldad’s family does seem to be quite close to the Emperor.”
“Yes, this would be an opportunity to negotiate directly with the decision-maker. Do you think I should ask an exorbitant price?” Serafina asked.
“Certainly the price should be high enough to cover all our transport costs as well as the costs of buying indentured servants to mine the guano on Bat Island. Let me make a few calculations.” He sat down at the library table and dipped his quill into the inkpot.
After jotting down a few rows of numbers and adding them up, he circled a final number.
“Five exploding hand balls for one gold coin from the emperor’s mint. The same for the exploding canisters to be affixed to arrows.”
“That seems quite high,” Serafina said.
Prince Blackwell shrugged. “We have already made great expenditures in coin and resources that should be recouped.”
“Yes,” Serafina agreed. “That is true. Soldad seems to think the Emperor of Constantinople will pay whatever price we ask.”
“Then we should surely test his theory,” Prince Blackwell said.
Serafina pointed to the map of the world. “We will be stopping in Tangier, but I did not intend to put on any demonstrations there until we have the name of the person in charge of the city’s defenses. Are there any other cities you have found on the map that seem good places to inquire about sales of our weapons?”
“Not until our new ship is ready and we are able to bring the weapons along. It is best that the weapons and currency change hands simultaneously.” Prince Blackwell tapped his quill against the scroll bearing his calculations. “How do you propose to return from Constantinople to Henge? Has Soldad promised to bring you back in the Sea Dancer?”
Serafina shook her head. “I have not asked him to. I expect there will be many options for ships in such a large port city. But if the emperor is as excited about these new weapons as I expect him to be, he may well order Soldad to return at once to Henge and bring a cargo full of explosives back to Constantinople.”
Prince Blackwell nodded, apparently deep in thought. “You might inquire while you are there about potential matches within Constantinople’s royal family for Esme and Shalin.”
Truly?” Serafina asked, surprised.
“I am growing concerned about their emotional attachments to unqualified suitors,” he responded.
Serafina nodded slowly. “I will make inquiries.”

Chapter 22

Kingdom of Henge

When the Prince Avor, with King Geoffrey, Queen Delphinia and Electra’s family aboard, reached King’s Lake in Fernland, those aboard were excited to see the Spirit of Taz anchored offshore.
Queen Delphinia clapped her hands together as she sang out, “Avor must be home. The Spirit of Taz has returned from its voyage to Taz.”
King Geoffrey frowned. “If Avor is here why did he not continue on to Henge for our important talks there?”
After hearing her mother’s joyful exclamations, Electra joined her parents at the ship’s rail. “Why do you think Avor is here? Did you see him?”
“No,” Queen Delphinia said. “But we sent a message to him before we left for the celebration, telling him he should return with Haddad the Shipbuilder aboard the Spirit of Taz, as we needed our War Minister to be present for the talks in Henge. He must have just arrived. Too late for the talks in Henge – but no matter.”
Electra was uneasy about Avor’s return, wondering what had become of her brother’s request to marry Queen Cogatin. Surely the Great Khan would not have agreed to allow the Queen of Hormu to marry anyone who was not of Barburee descent. She hoped so.
Electra shaded her eyes from the sun with her hand as she peered out at the anchored ship. “The Spirit of Taz appears to be vacated. Everyone must already be ashore.”
“Yes, Avor is likely with his navy men,” Delphinia said. “We must ask the shipbuilders. They will know where he is.”
King Geoffrey helped his wife down the rope ladder as soon as the shore boat was lowered.

Electra ran to find Dagon. She found him hoisting Gregor up to the first foothold on the mast.
“Are you allowing him to climb to the crow’s nest?” Electra was horrified. Her ten-year-old son? Surely it was too dangerous.
Dagon looked a little sheepish. “We are at anchor in calm waters. It should be safe enough.” He brought his son back down and set him on the deck. “Perhaps later you can attempt the climb.”
Gregor looked disappointed, but said nothing as he looked at his mother’s frightened expression.
“You boys run along and find Dag. Tell him I need to speak to him,” Dagon said. He turned to look at his wife. “Is something amiss?”
“Many things,” Electra said, trying to rein in her roiling emotions. She decided to leave the business of the crow’s nest for later. Right now Avor’s whereabouts were more important.
“The Spirit of Taz is at anchor here,” she began.
“Yes, I noticed it as we entered the lake,” Dagon said, eyeing his wife with a tenuous expression.
“It has just returned from Taz where its Captain, Haddad the Shipbuilder, was to give a message to Avor ordering him back to Fernland to attend the talks with Prince Blackwell.”
Recognition of the problem donned slowly on Dagon’s face. “So Avor may be here? Might that not be a good thing?”
“Not if he has returned with a Barburee wife and two Barburee sons,” Electra stated.
“Where are your parents?” Dagon asked, looking around.
“They have already gone ashore,” Electra said. “We must follow lest they say something rash that cannot be unsaid.”
“Yes,” Dagon agreed. “Have we another shore boat?”
“No, but we must be ready when the next one comes. Surely, the shipbuilders will send more to ferry us ashore,” Electra said.

Within a few moments, several shore boats came alongside the Prince Avor, manned by members of Fernland’s new navy.
Electra, Dagon and their two sons were quick to climb down the rope ladder to be ferried ashore.
Electra breathed a sigh of relief when she found her parents attempting to speak to a group of sailors who did not understand English.
“This is unacceptable,” King Geoffrey shouted. “How can we have a navy that does not speak our language?”
“We will find Haddad or Jared’s wife, Vesta. They speak English,” Electra soothed. “Vesta is likely at the shipbuilders’ lunchroom.”
“They should at least be able to understand a simple question like ‘Where is Prince Avor?’” her father grumbled.
“Perhaps they do not know where he is,” Electra said. “Perhaps he did not return on the Spirit of Taz as you hoped.”
Electra and her family led her parents to the lunchroom where they found Vesta, Electra’s former student who had come here as a newly graduated physician and married Haddad the Shipbuilder’s son, Jared.
“Vesta, so good to see you,” Electra said as she hugged her former student. “How is Jared? And your children?”
“They are all doing well. And my father-in-law is just returned from Taz with good news.”
Electra did not ask what the good news was, fearing the worst. Instead she asked bluntly, “Did my brother Avor return with him?”
“No,” she said, turning a compassionate expression in the direction of Fernland’s king and queen. Her face then brightened. “But he did send a message. My father-in-law left it here for you.” She looked around the lunchroom and her eyes fell on a rolled-up scroll on the desk where she kept her medical charts.
Vesta rushed to retrieve Avor’s message and handed it to King Geoffrey with a respectful bow.
King Geoffrey broke the seal and read the message silently. He looked up at his family before half falling into the nearest chair.
“Avor is no longer our son,” King Geoffrey proclaimed. Before he could say more, his voice seemed to fail him. He handed the scroll to Electra who read the message aloud to her mother.

To King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia of Fernland
My dear Father and Mother,

I have received your urgent message asking me to return for talks in Henge from the hand of Haddad the Master Shipbuilder. I sincerely regret not being able to do so at this time. I am sure you will understand when I tell you the reason for my absence.
The Kingdom of Hormu has been retaken by the Great Khan’s Army and the Great Khan himself has appointed me Regent to the young son of the former king who was unfortunately killed in the battle. As Regent, I have also been honored to wed Queen Cogatin who I first met years ago and have always held in high esteem.
You have become grandparents to two young grandsons – Altan and Octai, ages seven and five. They are very anxious to meet their new grandparents as is Cogatin to meet her new mother and father-in-law.
As the situation in Hormu is still quite tenuous, we will not be able to return to Fernland just now, but hope you both might make the voyage to Hormu aboard either the King Geoffrey or the Prince Avor.
I look forward to showing you my new Regency territory which is a vast expanse of land approximately 500 x 1000 miles in area.
I have also guaranteed protection to any of the Taz refugees who wish to return to their homeland in Taz.

Your loving son, Prince Avor

“But how can all this have happened?” Queen Delphinia asked. She sat down beside Geoffrey and took his hand. “We have new grandchildren?”

Chapter 23

Kingdom of Fernland

When Electra had finished reading Avor’s distressing message to Queen Delphinia, she passed a meaningful glance to her former student, Physician Vesta. Both of her parents were in need of medical attention. While her father stared out into space, glassy-eyed over his own proclamation – he no longer had a son – her mother seemed disoriented and confused about what Avor’s message really meant for his future and her own.
“Chamomile tea?” Vesta asked softly, looking at Electra.
Electra nodded, taking her mother’s hand and leading her gently to a chair. “Have a seat, mother. We will all have tea and discuss what this message means for Avor’s future.”
These words from his daughter seem to arouse the immobilized spirit of King Geoffrey. He looked up with a fierce expression. “I will tell you what this means for Avor’s future. He has no future – not in Fernland. He has made his choice. He now belongs to the Great Khan.”
Delphinia put her hand over her mouth as her eyes darted around the room. “He is still our son,” she gasped.
“He may be your son, but he is no son of mine,” King Geoffrey huffed. “He has chosen Barburee over Fernland – the Great Khan over his own family. He has become the enemy.”
“Perhaps this is only a temporary situation,” Electra soothed. “Once Queen Cogatin’s son comes of age, he will become King of Hormu. Avor’s position as Regent will be finished.”
“And then what?” King Geoffrey thundered. “He will leave his wife and family to once again become Fernland’s war minister? What if he should have children with this woman? Will a Mongol son then become a future King of Fernland? I think not.”
King Geoffrey swung his head around furiously, looking for someone or something. His gaze fixed on his grandson, Gregor.
“There is Fernland’s future king. My grandson Gregor. Come here Gregor and receive my oath.”
Electra turned a worried glance in her husband’s direction.
Dagon jumped up to put his arm protectively around his elder son. “There will be time enough for such decisions later,” he said in a calm voice. “Gregor is still too young to take on such promises. There are years ahead to sort things out.”
Delphinia looked at her husband and spoke in a pleading voice. “Perhaps we should meet Avor’s new family. They may not be as bad as we imagine. Remember what a sweet child Chimeg turned out to be? I know you found her charming as well, Geoffrey.”
King Geoffrey rolled his eyes and gave his wife a disgusted glance. “It does not matter how charming they may be. Surely you are aware of that. Do you not realize that as a result of our talks in Henge we are now on a course to weaken the Great Khan’s dominion? Our son has placed himself squarely in the enemy’s camp. No amount of charm will change that fact.”
“We know how quickly things can change in the world’s balance of power,” Electra said. “The situation may look quite different by the time Avor’s Regency is finished. Why make hasty pronouncements?”
Dagon released his hold on his son and came to Electra side. “Electra makes a good point,” he said to King Geoffrey. “It is best to wait and see the outcome of the Great Khan’s campaign in China before judging how Avor’s Regency will end. I believe the more immediate problem might be Avor’s offer of protection to any refugees here in Fernland who wish to return to Taz.”
King Geoffrey looked up sharply. “That is the only good news in this message. We offered them two years in Fernland and they have already been here more than ten.”
“How are we to finish Prince Blackwell’s new ship if they all leave Fernland to return to Taz?” Dagon asked.
King Geoffrey looked concerned for a moment, then shook his head. “They will not leave Fernland. Half of them have signed on to become sailors in Fernland’s Navy.”
Dagon pursed his lips. “That is true, but do they see themselves as part of Fernland’s Navy or Prince Avor’s Navy? Prince Avor has offered them an opportunity to resettle in their homeland. That must be an offer they will not disregard lightly.”
King Geoffrey frowned and pushed aside the cup of tea Vesta placed in front of him. “We will go now and see what the consensus is among our ship builders.”
Electra breathed a sigh of relief as Dagon and King Geoffrey left the lunchroom. She took her mother’s hand and stroked it in a soothing manner. “Have some tea, Mother,” she urged. “I am sure things are not as dark as they seem. Avor seems quite anxious to arrange a visit with his new family and us. I have met his wife and sons. They are lovely people.”
Delphinia looked up hopefully. “Avor said his new sons are seven and five?”
Electra nodded. “Yes, they are still quite young. They were so lonely in Taz. They played catch with Gregor and Soren and were sad when we left.”
“And their mother? Cogatin? What sort of person is she?” Delphinia asked.
“She is very beautiful and a good mother to her sons. I believe she loves Avor. She has always seen him as her protector.”
“Would you go with me to meet her?” Delphinia asked.
Electra did not want to make such a promise. “I have never been to Hormu. As Avor indicates in his message, the situation is unstable there just now. Perhaps it would be better to let him come here to Fernland.”
Delphinia shook her head. “You heard your father. He would never allow it. He has given up on Avor.”
“But what Dagon said is true. We must just wait a bit and be willing to adjust to new political climates.”
Tears ran down Delphinia’s face. “I will never forsake my son, no matter the political climate.”
Electra patted her mother’s hand and moved the cup of tea forward until it touched her mother’s fingers. “Of course not. Nor will I forsake my brother.”

Dagon and King Geoffrey walked down the beach to the staging area where Prince Blackwell’s new ship loomed overhead on its wooden stays.
A few shipbuilders were at work within the bowels of the ship from whence sounds of hammering and sawing emanated.
“Hello the ship,” King Geoffrey called out. “Is Haddad the Shipbuilder aboard?”
A head popped up at the ship’s rail and Dagon recognized Javed, the son of Haddad the Shipbuilder.
“Hello,” Javed called down. “My father is resting at home. I can come down and take you to him. Or did you want to come aboard?”
“A few of us will want to come aboard later to take measurements for reinforcing the cargo hold,” Dagon called back. “But for now, King Geoffrey would like to speak to your father.”
“I will be right down,” Javed said with a smile.

Chapter 24

King’s Lake in Henge

Haddad’s house was a modest dwelling built of rough planks; one of dozens like it built in haste ten years before to house the Taz refugees.
Dagon and King Geoffrey were invited into Haddad the Shipbuilder’s combination sitting room/kitchen by his wife, who quickly excused herself after offering refreshments, which both men declined.
Haddad came out from behind a curtain that separated the sleeping quarters from the kitchen area and bowed to King Geoffrey. “You honor us with your presence, Your Highness. Will you sit with me?” He gestured toward the four wooden chairs in the room.
“We thank you for bringing Prince Avor’s message to us from Taz,” King Geoffrey began, taking one of the proffered chairs.
Haddad smiled. “Happy to have been of service.”
“Unfortunately the news in the message was not what we had hoped for,” Geoffrey continued.
Haddad nodded solemnly.
“It seems Avor has chosen a regency in Hormu over his own birthright as Fernland’s heir apparent.”
“It would seem so,” Haddad agreed.
“I know your people have even more reason to hate Barburee than we here in Fernland do.”
“That is so,” Haddad agreed.
“Many of your people have joined Fernland’s navy and sworn allegiance to Fernland,” Geoffrey reminded him.
Haddad appeared uneasy at these words. “Yes.”
“The navy was under my son’s command,” Geoffrey stated.
Haddad looked Geoffrey squarely in the eyes. “You see the problem then.”
“I do,” King Geoffrey said, meeting his gaze. “Which will it be? Fernland or Avor?”
Haddad could no longer meet his gaze. He shrugged. “Avor has made promises, but I do not know if he will be able to keep them.”
“What promises?” Geoffrey demanded.
“He has offered us our old life back. We can move into our old homes, resume trade with other kingdoms, and continue our lives as traders and shipbuilders with the promise of protection from the Great Khan’s Army.”
“And what if the Great Khan learns that you are the same inhabitants he once allowed to slip away, unpunished, after refusing his original terms of surrender?”
“That is a worry, of course, but we are a small city-state and he is far away in China.”
“So you are tempted to return to Taz?”
“Would you not be tempted were it Fernland rather than Taz?” Haddad asked.
“Not if I had sworn allegiance to another king’s navy,” Geoffrey said.
“That is, of course, where we now find ourselves. It is not an easy choice.”
“It should be easy, to men of honor,” King Geoffrey said.
“Who then would the new commander of Fernland’s navy be?” Haddad asked.
King Geoffrey glanced at Dagon and Dagon froze. He gave a small shake of his head and looked away.
“I suppose I would be nominal commander-in-chief, but the navy should have an experienced seaman as its true leader. Someone like you.”
Haddad looked up, surprise showing in his face. “Me?”
“You are already their true leader. Why not hold the title as well? Could you swear allegiance to me? Become Admiral of the Fleet?”
Haddad smiled. “Your fleet consists only of the King Geoffrey and the Prince Avor. All the other ships in King’s Lake belong to Taz.”
King Geoffrey took a deep breath. “If Prince Avor has offered you his protection, do you not suppose there might be strings attached? If the Persians come to retake Hormu, do you not imagine Avor might call up his old navy to help him defend his new territory?”
“Yes, that is a concern. The region is unstable just now and we would be in his debt.”
“What if I were to tell you the region is about to become more unstable?” King Geoffrey asked.
“I am listening,” Haddad said.
“You know of course that we in Fernland, Helsop and Henge have the exploding arrows – weapons still unknown to most of the kingdoms around the Great Sea. Only our western kingdoms and the Great Khan know the secret of their construction.”
Haddad did not acknowledge this truth.
King Geoffrey resumed his argument. “Fernland, together with Henge, plan to begin selling our surplus weapons to those port cities along the Great Sea which face attacks from pirates on a daily basis. If travel by ship becomes safer, the overland trade routes may begin to lose dominance and revenue.”
“What is to prevent pirates from attacking at sea rather than at ports?” Haddad asked.
King Geoffrey frowned and looked at Dagon.
Dagon saw that he was expected to refute this argument so he did his best. “Most pirates have a home base where they hide close to land and supplies. They can then sail out suddenly and attack from familiar waters. It would be much more difficult to run ships down in the open seas.”
“Yes,” King Geoffrey said, nodding. “It is as Dagon says.”
“I see that your plan has possibilities,” Haddad said. “And we are not a people without honor.” He shook his head slowly. “I will have to speak to my people about this. It is not an easy decision and the lure of living in our homeland is strong.”
“Will you give me an honest answer?” King Geoffrey asked. “Or will I awaken one morning to find all of King’s Lake deserted?”
Haddad shrugged. “Had you not come to speak to me directly – yes, that might well have happened. But now that you have made your position clear, and been honest and forthright, I promise I will do the same for you.”
“I suppose I will have to be content with that,” King Geoffrey said. “This new ship you are building for Prince Blackwell. It may well be used to carry explosives in its cargo bay. Dagon and his blacksmiths from Helsop have come along to take measurements of the hold so that they might fabricate a metal lining to protect the ship from possible explosions.” 
Haddad looked surprised. “We have been modeling the cabins with Phinn’s acting troupe in mind. Bits of luxury not in keeping with a weapons carrier.”
“These changes are a recent decision on Prince Blackwell’s part,” King Geoffrey said.
“I see you are quite serious about your new strategy against the Great Khan,” Haddad said, his head tilted in a gesture of interest.
“We are quite serious. If you are equally inclined to stand up against the Great Khan’s domination, you might think about that before choosing sides,” King Geoffrey said.
“But what of your son?” Haddad asked. “Do you count him now as an enemy as well?”
“Unfortunately, I do,” Geoffrey said. “I allowed his friendship with Bataar, the Great Khan’s son, to continue too long, hoping he would come to his senses. That is my greatest regret. He has made the choice to sever our ties – not me. He has chosen Barburee.”
Haddad nodded. “I will give you our answer as soon as we make our decision. In the meantime we will aid you however we are able in reinforcing the cargo hold to accommodate explosives.” Haddad took a moment to reflect. “Should the Navy choose to honor its commitment to Fernland while the remainder of our people return to Taz, would you be willing to sell your explosives to those of us charged with our port’s defense?”
King Geoffrey was silent for a moment, considering this request. “Were you yourself to accept the position of Fernland’s Admiral of the Fleet, I believe I would.” Geoffrey stood up and Dagon stood with him. “I will await your decision at the castle,” Geoffrey stated.
As Dagon and King Geoffrey left Haddad’s cottage, Dagon said, “If he chooses to return to Taz, the secret of our campaign against the Great Khan will be out.”
“I know,” King Geoffrey said. “I felt it was a chance I had to take. I am wagering their hunger for revenge against the Great Khan outweighs their desire to leave Fernland to reclaim Taz. At least those who have sworn allegiance to Fernland’s navy.”
Dagon thought about his own love for Helsop and knew it was not a bet he would have taken.

Chapter 25

Aboard the Sea Dancer

After a fortnight’s voyage, the Sea Dancer was close to the opening of the Great Sea. All those aboard looked forward to their first landfall at Tangier. 
Esme burst into the cabin she shared with her sister.
“Put aside whatever you are studying,” Esme said. “I have borrowed a jade ring from one of the crewmen that we can experiment with.”
Shalin closed her book on ancient astrologers and their prophecies. “What sort of experiments?”
Esme stuck her hands on her hips with elbows out. “With the prayer wheel of course.”
Shalin knew her sister had grown impatient with her refusal to take chances with the spells on her own ring. She had decided to wait until they reached Constantinople where she could seek Vaspan’s advice and perhaps study the books in his library before attempting to discover the lower layers of spells on her most precious possession. “Did you tell the seaman what you propose to do with his ring?”
“No, but what does it matter? We will only put protective spells on it, just in case it works.”
“Yes, I suppose that would be acceptable,” Shalin said after a moment’s thought.
“Good. Where is the prayer wheel?” Esme asked, eager to begin.
Shalin pulled the satchel that held her prayer wheel from under the lower bunk. She rummaged through the satchel and brought out the brightly painted prayer wheel that Soldad had found for her.
“Here it is. Quite lovely.” Shalin spun the wheel’s handle and admired the ease with which it spun. “It turns freely.”
“Yes, yes,” Esme replied impatiently. “It is a treasure. Let us see if it actually works.”
Shalin unscrewed the bearing at the bottom of the wheel and pulled the spindle free. She saw a scrap of paper within the wheel that must have been wrapped around the spindle. “There is a prayer here, I think,” Shalin said.
Esme unrolled the scrap of paper. “An Eastern language?” she asked handing the paper back to Shalin.
Shalin looked at the writing which consisted of tiny lines and pictorial squiggles. She thought it might be Chinese. “Yes, I think it is a language from the Far East.”
“See if this jade ring will fit through the hole in the bottom of the prayer wheel,” Esme ordered.
Shalin pushed the ring through easily. She judged her own ring which was larger, would also fit. “Yes, it goes through.”
“Now,” Esme continued. “We need to write a spell to try it out.”
Shalin smiled to see how excited her sister was to try this experiment when she usually feigned disinterest about anything to do with Shalin’s ring or its spells. “How about ‘Peace be with the bearer of this ring,’” Shalin suggested.
“I suppose one could not find a more benign spell,” Esme said. “That should do.”
Shalin wrote out the spell and tied it onto the spindle with a length of thread. Then she slid the ring up around the scrap of paper and secured it to the spindle with a bit of candle wax. She slid the spindle with the attached ring back through the hole at the bottom of the prayer wheel and screwed the bearing back into place.
“Which direction did your Silent Men spin their prayer wheels to send prayers out into the world?” Shalin asked.
Esme closed her eyes, re-creating the memory of the holy men at their morning rituals. “From right to left,” she said.
“You are sure?” Shalin asked.
Esme still had her eyes closed. “Yes.” 
“Then we must spin from left to right to embed the spell.”
Esme opened her eyes. “Yes. Do you want to do it or shall I?”
Shalin smiled. “You should do it. This is your idea.”
Esme took the handle of the prayer wheel and held it straight up as she gave a hard swipe from left to right on the wheel. The wheel spun easily and took several seconds and many revolutions to slow down.
“Shall we see if it worked?” Shalin asked, taking the wheel from her sister’s tight grasp.
“Yes, yes, hurry up.” Esme said.
Shalin gave her sister a teasing smile. “You must feel your seaman friend is in dire need of peace.”
Esme frowned. “Just take the ring out. One would think you have lost all interest in your own ring.”
Shalin quickly disassembled the wheel and pulled the ring free. She closed her eyes and held the ring on her open palm. A smile slowly crept across her face. “I feel it. It is faint, but it is there.”
“Let me hold it.” Esme took the ring from her sister’s palm. She nodded as she held the ring with closed eyes. Opening her eyes, she stared at the ring. “I can see it. The union is weak, as you say, but I can see the words flickering above the surface of the ring.”
Shalin pursed her lips. “That was a powerful swipe you gave the wheel. The words should be firmly embedded, but as you say, they appear to dance about the surface. It would not take much to send them back into the world to be carried on the wind.”
“Let us try superimposing a second spell upon the first,” Esme suggested. “Perhaps a second spell will embed the first spell more firmly into the ring.”
Shalin thought for a moment. “How about ‘Safety at sea for the bearer of this ring.’”
“Perfect,” Esme said. “The seaman’s safety at sea likely means our own safety as well as we are all aboard the same ship.”
Shalin quickly disassembled the prayer wheel and paused before tearing the first spell from the spindle. “Do you think we should place the second scrap of prayer on top of the first, or remove the first scrap before tying the new spell to the spindle?”
Esme gave the matter some thought. “I think we should try it both ways to be certain and compare the results. But for now, I would remove the first spell before tying on the second. Otherwise this spell might not adhere at all.”
“That is my thinking as well,” Shalin agreed.
With the paper containing the new spell in place, Shalin looked for a solid place to stick the protruding spindle to ensure its stability. She settled on wedging it into a small space between the slats at the bottom of her cot. When she was sure the wheel was perfectly vertical, she used all her strength to set it spinning left to right.
This time Esme disassembled the wheel and removed the written spell, declaring her sister too cautious and too slow to perform the task. She held up the ring and laughed.
“What is it?” Shalin asked.
“Your powerful swing caught a few of the first spell’s words and embedded them more deeply, but not all the words. Now we have a few words from the first spell and all the words from the second spell dancing above the surface of the ring.
“Let me see,” Shalin said. She held the ring in the palm of her hand and read the words shimmering just above its surface. “Safety at peace sea for with the bearer bearer of this this ring.”
“It seems a spell written by one without wit,” Shalin noted. “Perhaps we should see what flies off when we spin the wheel from right to left.”
“Yes,” Esme agreed. “It would seem logical to assume it would be the words dancing above, but I see now the value of putting guesses to the test.”
The twins replaced the ring on it spindle and wedged it back firmly in place between the slats of wood.
Esme took a deep breath and set the wheel spinning from right to left.
They waited until the wheel came to a complete stop before retrieving the ring.
Shalin held the ring at eye level and shook her head slowly. “I am so glad we did not try these experiments on my ring.”
“Why?” Esme asked. “What happened?”
Shalin handed the ring to her sister.
Esme searched for any remnant of the spells but all the words were gone. All sent into the world on the wind.
Esme shrugged. “Even the words we thought were firmly embedded are gone.”
The twins stopped conversing as shouts filtered down to their cabin from up on deck. Shalin recognized the words shouted by the members of Soldad’s Greek-speaking crew. “Land ho.”
“We have arrived at Tangier,” Shalin translated.
Both twins left their failed experiment on the slats of the cot as they rushed for the door.

Chapter 26

Port of Tangier

Esme and Shalin raced up to the deck to see the Straits of Gibraltar looming before them. In the distance, spread out on a hillside, lay the city of Tangier.
Soldad was pointing out places of interest to Serafina when Esme and Shalin joined them at the ship’s bow.
“Only ten miles separate the northern border of the Great Sea from the southern border here in the straits we are passing through,” he said.
“I see high mountains just south of the port of Tangier,” Serafina said. “Will we pass over those on our way to Timbitu?”
“Yes,” Soldad said. “We will pass through mountains and pasturelands watered with rivers coming down from those same mountains before we reach the great Sahara. There the rivers culminate and we will journey from one oasis to the next. We will need to carry water with us.”
“Will there be animals?” Esme asked.
“Yes,” Soldad said. “We may see monkeys, cheetahs, elephants, many animals.”
“Elephants?” Esme was excited by the news.
“Yes.” Soldad smiled. “Even elephants.”
Esme returned his smile, thinking the trip might be better than she had imagined.
“How many times have you taken caravans to Timbitu?” Serafina asked.
“Let me see.” Soldad began counting on his fingers. “This will be my fourth – no, my fifth journey to Timbitu.”
“Have you been in a sand storm?” Shalin asked.
“A few. They are never pleasant, but we will be prepared should we encounter one.” Soldad frowned as his thoughts centered on one in particular that gave him a feeling of suffocation. He looked at Shalin and grinned. “Perhaps with you and your sister along we will be especially well prepared.”
Serafina’s eyes narrowed. She did not like Soldad’s indirect references to the twins’ unusual abilities. “Will we need to purchase special clothing for the desert?” she asked.
“You may wish to purchase the long thin robes that many wear as protection from the sun’s rays. I usually carry such a robe with me. We will pitch tents to provide shade during the hottest parts of the day and travel only in the mornings and evenings through the desert.”
“Anything else we should purchase before we leave Tangier?” Serafina asked.
“Something to shade your eyes – some sort of hat or visor will be needed.”
“We shall buy those at the souk,” Serafina said. “The caravan will supply our food?”
“Yes, they will pack enough food and water for our journey, but we have many days’ travel before we reach the desert and the mountains can be cold at night. So pack warm clothes as well,” Soldad advised.
“Will you accompany us to the souk?” Serafina asked.
“No, I have all I need. I plan to go directly to the caravansary to see what groups are leaving. I do not want to miss a large one that might be leaving right away. You know the way to the caravansary?”
“Yes,” Serafina said. “We visited when we were here last. We sent a gift on to Timti by caravan.”
“I will send one of my men along with you to the marketplace. He can carry your purchases and accompany you to the caravansary. You all speak enough Greek now to understand him.”
As Tangier grew closer, the crew of the Sea Dancer busied themselves with preparations to enter the harbor.
Soldad called out orders as they sailed beside the high cliff that bordered the harbor. He waved to the soldiers standing guard at the fortress above the cliffs. They must have recognized his ship. A few waved back.
“Drop anchor,” he called out and the large rock that served as an anchor splashed overboard.
With her sails down, the Sea Dancer bobbed peacefully in the small rippling waves of the harbor.
Two shore boats were lowered down to the water. Serafina, the twins and their assigned seaman climbed down the rope ladder to one of the shore boats.
Serafina addressed their new companion in the boat. “I am Serafina and these are my daughters, Esme and Shalin.”
Their new companion smiled. “I am Aeros, at your service,” the man said in Greek. “We go to the souk, yes?” he asked as he took up the oars.
“Yes, to the souk,” Serafina affirmed.
Since they already had warm clothes, Serafina told Aeros that they needed clothes for the desert.
Aeros seemed to be having a difficult time understanding Serafina’s heavily accented Greek.
“Clothes for hot weather,” Shalin tried.
“Ah, for the Sahara,” Aeros said. “Yes, they have.”

Tangier’s market place was just as Shalin remembered it from the year before. A bustling series of stalls covering the hillside that looked down on the harbor below.
Narrow passageways between huddled vendor tables, stalls and spread-out blankets were full of shoppers carrying baskets and bags to hold their purchases.
Cooking stalls filled the air with delicious scents while vendor invitations to view their wares saturated the area with sound.
Aeros led them to a section of the market where long robes of cotton and silk were sold. Many colors were on display – red, saffron orange, black, white and blue.
“Which is the best color for the desert?” Shalin asked.
Aeros shrugged. “Some say black, some say white. The Tara nomads always wear blue.”
“We do not want to be mistaken for Tara traders,” Serafina said.
They decided on black because there would be little water to afford the luxury of keeping a white robe clean. They bought robes with hoods to keep the sun off their heads but decided they might also need hats.
“Hats to shade our eyes?” Shalin asked Aeros, pantomiming keeping the sun away with her hands.
“Yes, yes,” Aeros said. “The hats.”
He took them to a stall that sold turbans and they decided that turbans might be best after all. They could wrap them around their lower faces and leave only a narrow slit for their eyes.
Thus provisioned, they asked Aeros if there was time for lunch before they met Soldad at the caravansary.
“Yes, there is time,” Aeros said. “You are fast shoppers.”
He led them to a shop that sold stews made of meat, fruit and vegetables. They sat at a table, insisting that Aeros eat with them as their guest.
“Have you made this trip before?” Shalin asked Aeros. “To Timbitu?”
Aeros nodded. “Yes, one time,” he said.
“Did you come across any animals?” Esme asked in her rudimentary Greek.
Aeros looked at her with a blank expression.
Shalin repeated her sister’s question with a better accent.
“Ah, the animals. Yes, we see the small elephants at the edge of the Sahara. And often, we see the desert foxes.”
Esme tried again to be understood. “Any large apes?”
“Yes, one place we see the big monkeys – the macaque. Very curious, they were.” He smiled. “You like the monkeys?”
“I like all animals,” Esme said.
“Yes, you will see many,” Aeros assured her.
Serafina finished her stew. “It is time to meet Soldad at the caravansary,” she said, standing up. “Perhaps we will be leaving soon. Are you ready?”
Shalin had been ready since they left Henge. Now it seemed even Esme was eager to start their long journey to Timbitu.

Chapter 27

Port of Tangier

After a hearty lunch of mutton soup, Shalin, Esme and Serafina followed Aeros through Tangier’s souk to the large caravansary at the edge of the city. The smell of livestock and fodder swept over them as they searched through a labyrinth of mangers, restless camels and robed traders.
They found Soldad sitting cross-legged on the floor of the caravansary in a loose circle with four blue-veiled traders. He rose when he saw them approach.
“Your shopping is completed?” he asked.
Serafina nodded. “Have you found a caravan?”
“I have. We will leave with these men tomorrow but they are only going as far as Talifat at the edge of the Sahara. They plan to sell their leather products there and return with salt.”
“There will be other caravans in Talifat?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, many. The oasis in Talifat is always a gathering place for caravans.”
“Will we travel on camels?” Esme asked.
Soldad nodded. “We will be aboard camels for the entire trip to Timbitu. But first we must return to the Sea Dancer to pack what we will need. Tonight we will sleep here at the caravansary and be ready to leave at dawn.” 
“Who will stay with the ship while we are gone?” Serafina asked as they walked along the beach to their shore boat.
“My first mate will become acting captain in my absence. Most of the crew will come with us. The iron ore you so graciously gave me will stay in the cargo hold. I prefer to sell it in Constantinople.”
Shalin smiled. “Not much market for it in Africa, I suppose. I noticed they have their own smelters and forges on our way to Timbitu.”
Soldad raised his eyebrows. “You are very observant. What else did you notice?”
“Besides the gold?” Shalin asked.
Soldad smiled. “Yes, besides the gold.”
Shalin shrugged. “Coral beads, bronze, papyrus, salt, raffia, ivory, drums, yams, kola nuts and a lot of books in Timbitu, though none for sale.”
“You are a marvel,” Soldad said. “Perhaps you would like to become a trader. You could bring your carts of iron ore to Constantinople and set up shop in the marketplace.”
Shalin laughed. “It might be a thing to fall back on, should I tire of looking for ancient cities.”

Back at the ship, Shalin and Esme packed their warm clothes and their new desert wear along with those few things they felt they could not do without. Esme had her south finder and a blank scroll for recording pictures of animal tracks and behaviors. Shalin took her astrolabe and a blank scroll for recording star movements and, of course, her ring.
Soldad gave instructions in Greek to his first mate and two of his crew. The other three members of his crew, including Aeros, were packed and ready for the long journey to Timbitu.
“Do not use the samples of exploding arrows or exploding hand balls except in the most dire emergency,” Soldad told his remaining crew. “If you stay anchored near the fortress you should be safe from pirate raids.” He raised his hand and bowed his head. “May Christ protect and bless the Sea Dancer and all the souls who sail aboard her now and always, amen.”
His first mate smiled and said, “Go with God.”
Soldad lifted a large flat leather satchel to one shoulder and another full duffel bag to hang from his other shoulder.
Shalin judged the flat satchel to be empty and thought this was what he intended to fill with gold dust to bring back to his emperor.
They left the ship as the sun sank into the west and started back to the caravansary.

Their blue-robed guides waved to them from an alcove near the middle of the caravansary, which was fortunate, Shalin thought, since their lower faces were covered. There were many blue-veiled traders there as Tangier was home for the Tara tribe.
Their veiled guides were cooking flat bread and lamb stew over an open fire and handed out steaming clay bowls of the fragrant food to their guests.
The stew tasted tangy with spices and bits of dried fruit. The flat bread was warm and delicious.
“This is good.” Esme took another bite of stew. “I wonder what it is like to ride a camel.”
“Like riding a horse?” Shalin guessed.
“Not like a horse,” Soldad said. “The camel moves his right front and right back legs at the same time, then his left front and left back legs, so you sway back and forth as they walk.”
“How strange,” Esme said. “I must make a note of that.”
“I suggest we find cots and sleep while we are able,” Serafina said.
“Yes, tomorrow will be a long day over steep trails,” Soldad warned.

The next morning, the caravansary was active even before dawn. The animals were fed and watered, then packed with care to balance their loads.
Esme was assigned a small camel who knelt down at the camel puller’s command. She sat atop the camel’s solitary hump on a saddle with a large horn in front that she grasped with both hands. A long rope linked one camel to the next through nose rings, so no reins were necessary.
The camel stood, rump first, and Esme hung on tightly so as not to slide off the front. The first few steps felt very unstable and Esme wondered if she would eventually become used to the motion. She was between her mother and her sister in the long line of camels and that was good. She wanted to be able to keep close watch on her mother for any signs of malaria.
The train of dromedaries moved out slowly, but picked up the pace once they were free of the caravansary.
Low hills gave way to higher hills and the landscape changed to fir trees and rocky canyons. The air grew colder and Esme was glad of her warm cape. She threw out a thought to her sister on the camel behind her. Do you feel as though you are constantly on the verge of falling off your camel?
Yes, and I am likely maimed for life, Shalin’s answer came back.
Esme smiled and searched the forest landscape for signs of animal life.
As they turned downhill to a valley warm enough to make a cape unnecessary, Esme could see animals moving in a group of trees. She thought at first that it was a family of monkeys but as they passed by she noted that they had only stumps for tails. Macaques.
“May we stop and see the apes?” she called out to her mother.
Serafina threw her hands up in a shrug, but the long train of camels continued on along the narrow trail.
Esme knew she had no right to ask their guides to stop. This was not her caravan. She considered jumping off her camel, but it was a long way down to the ground and she could easily twist an ankle. And how would she get back on with all the animals connected?
A thought from her sister lodged in her mind. Do not even think about it.

At their stop that evening for dinner and a night’s sleep, Esme complained to Soldad. “We passed by a family of apes today without stopping. Is no one interested in such animals?”
Soldad shook his head. “Not as long as food is abundant. I have seen them stop and try to kill some for meat when rations are low.”
Esme’s eyes grew wide. “How dreadful!”
“How long will we be traveling amongst the mountains?” Shalin asked.
“These I would call hills,” Soldad said. “The mountains are still to come.” He stopped to think. “As I recall it takes about a fortnight to reach the oasis at the foot of the Atlas Mountains.”

Chapter 28

King’s Lake in Fernland

Haddad the Master Shipbuilder, originally of Taz, now a refugee living and working in the Kingdom of Fernland, had a life-changing decision to ponder.
Should he accept King Geoffrey’s offer and become Fernland’s Admiral of the Fleet and Commander of Fernland’s Navy which consisted predominately of Taz refugees?
Should he refuse the offer and accompany the bulk of his people back to Taz where Prince Avor had offered them protection and a return to their former lives?
It made sense to keep a foothold in both places. He could not see into the future to know which place would offer his people’s best chance of survival. But securing that foothold would mean he himself would be denied a return to the home he longed for. He would be admiral of a fleet that consisted of two ships – one too small to hold more than a score of sailors, and the other a huge, slow commercial vessel that was always on its way to or from China.
Haddad was brought out of his deep contemplation by the voices of the Helsop men he had brought aboard the as-yet unnamed ship still under construction at Fernland’s boat works.
Tandor, one of the Helsop blacksmiths, was speaking to his fellow craftsmen. “And how will we transport a fragile plaster cast back to Helsop?”
The Helsop crew had come aboard to take measurements of the new ship’s cargo hold. They planned to reinforce the hold with metal sheets, the better to safeguard the explosive weapons the ship was destined to carry.
Dagon put up his hand to alleviate Tandor’s concern. “I believe we will be able to take the plaster cast aboard the Prince Avor and carry it as far as Henge by ship.”
Dorian the Master Sword Maker looked surprised. “King Geoffrey will allow us the continued use of his ship?”
“I believe the Prince Avor will soon belong to Phinn the Ambassador. It was given as part of the agreement we reached in Henge. This new ship which was to belong to Henge will now be jointly owned by Henge and Fernland. Even Helsop will have a tiny share in it.”
This was all news to Haddad the Shipbuilder. So now, should he accept King Geoffrey’s offer, he would be admiral of one ship that was never in its home port for longer than a few days a year, and another ship that sold weapons and was co-owned by two other nations. Surely the term Admiral of the Fleet had become something of a joke. Would he be tasked with captaining this new weapons carrier? Very likely.
“You plan to make a plaster cast of the curve that comprises the hold?” Haddad asked Dagon.
“Yes, we will need the exact curvature to fashion our metal reinforcements,” Dagon replied.
“My men could make you a wooden copy of the exact curvature. It would be more stable than a plaster cast. We are experienced in curving wooden beams. A slender wooden cast would be no problem.”
Dorian smiled. “That would be most helpful.”
“You will be staying in Fernland for a few days?” Haddad asked.
“Yes,” Dagon said. “It seems we have come at a perilous time, as you well know. Electra wants to be with her family here until matters concerning Prince Avor calm down.”
Haddad nodded. “Of course.”
“Have you made a decision yourself as yet?” Dagon asked gently. “About King Geoffrey’s offer of  heading up the navy?”
Haddad shook his head. “Not as yet. It is a decision fraught with unknowns.”
“This new course is uncharted waters for all of the nations involved,” Dagon said.
Haddad looked intently at Dagon, the headman of a small village, and saw a kinship there. They were both at the mercy of larger, more powerful nations and needed to plot their courses accordingly.
“Do you see a future reconciliation between King Geoffrey and his son Prince Avor as a possibility?” Haddad asked.
“Yes, I do,” Dagon said, “even though it seems impossible at this point. I know the strength of family ties.”
Haddad nodded. “I have found this to be true as well.”
Dagon smiled. “I believe our work here is done. We have the measurements we need. You may contact us at the castle when your wooden imprint of the hold’s curvature is completed.”
As the men climbed down the stays supporting the unfinished ship, Haddad caught Dagon’s eye. “Tell King Geoffrey I will speak to my people today and bring him my decision soon.”
“I will inform him,” Dagon said in a neutral tone of voice.

Haddad called a meeting in the workers’ lunchroom for all the heads of households. He still had not made up his mind completely.
As the men filed into the lunchroom, Haddad paced to and fro outside the door, greeting each man by name and thanking him for coming.
When all were assembled, Haddad addressed them as brothers.
“My brethren, I know some of you have made up your minds to accept Prince Avor’s offer of protection and return to our homeland of Taz.”
He looked directly at his son Javed. “It is a more difficult choice for those of you who have joined Fernland’s Navy and sworn allegiance to protect Fernland. And now, that decision has been made more complex by a counteroffer from King Geoffrey himself.”
A buzz of whispered comments filled the lunchroom as those present speculated about what the counteroffer might entail.
“I have learned a few new facts as well that may be crucial to each of our decisions,” Haddad continued.
“First, King Geoffrey has asked me to take Prince Avor’s position as head of Fernland’s Navy under the title Admiral of the Fleet.”
This news was greeted with twitters of laughter as the men considered the size of King Geoffrey’s fleet.
“Second, I have learned that this so-called fleet will not even include the ship Prince Avor as that ship will now be given over to Phinn the Ambassador of Henge.”
Gasps of surprise filled the lunchroom.
“But this new ship we are building will be owned now in common with Henge, Helsop and Fernland. It is being revamped to become a weapons carrier as we speak.”
This time the gasp was louder and one man, the head of a large family, asked, “Are the three countries going to war?”
“No,” Haddad said. “It is to be a weapons carrier in the sense that it will carry weapons to be sold in ports around the world.”
“That will make it prone to attack from all sides,” another man commented.
“This is true,” Haddad agreed. “There is also another thing to consider. At some point King Geoffrey and his son Prince Avor may find a way to reconcile, so it could be to our disadvantage to take sides at this time of estrangement.”
“Are you then considering taking the king’s offer of being head of the fleet that is made up of one third of a single ship?” the first man to speak asked.
Haddad nodded. “Although I yearn to return to our fair city of Taz, I believe it more politic to keep one foot firmly here in King’s Lake. I would be honored if those of you who have sworn allegiance to King Geoffrey’s Navy would agree to stay with me, at least until we see where this new alliance of Western nations is headed.”
Nods of approval followed the end of Haddad’s speech.

Chapter 29

Kingdom of Fernland

An aura of gloom surrounded Fernland’s castle. Servants tried to make as little noise as possible, avoiding all contact with the Royal Family if they were able.
Delphinia and Electra lingered at the lunch table after Geoffrey and Dagon left to take Gregor and Soren to try their skill with bows and arrows on the king’s private archery field.
“What am I to do?” Queen Delphinia lamented. “Choose between my husband and my son?”
“Of course not,” Electra replied softly. “Just give the situation time to settle.”
“I must find a way to see Avor without Geoffrey’s knowledge,” Delphinia murmured.
Electra took her mother’s hand. “Perhaps in time that might be possible, but right now it is much too dangerous. We must wait to hear more from Avor.”
Delphinia shook her head. “If the situation is dangerous, all the more reason to go soon. What if he should be killed in battle?”
“Let me find out more about the situation there,” Electra pleaded. “My old mentor Physician Rabar is there. Many of the Taz refugees are planning a return to their homeland. I can send word to Physician Rabar through them. He will tell me what the real situation is.”
Delphinia looked at her daughter with desperate eyes. “Yes, yes. You must do that. Will you send a message right away? I shall call for the royal carriage at once.”
Electra squeezed her mother’s hand. “Let me write my message first. I must sort out the questions I need to ask.”
A gentle knock on the door interrupted their conversation.
“Come,” Delphinia said.
A nervous page stepped inside. “I have a message for King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia,” he stuttered.
“Is it from Taz?” Queen Delphinia asked quickly.
“No, it is from King’s Lake,” the page replied.
“What is the message?” Delphinia asked.
“Haddad the Shipbuilder would like an audience with Your Majesties this afternoon.”
Delphinia hesitated for only a moment. “Thank you, I will inform King Geoffrey and deliver our answer in person. Please have the royal carriage ready to leave for King’s Lake within the hour.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” the page said, bowing and making a quick exit.
“Write your message,” Delphinia said. “I will tell Geoffrey we are leaving to pick up Haddad the Shipbuilder and bring him here to the castle. While we are there we will give the message to a departing ship.”
Electra stood up. “Certainly. I will meet you on the archery field.”

A few minutes later, Electra blotted the ink on her hastily written message, rolled up the scroll and slipped it into the pocket of her tunic. She ran down the stairs and out a back entrance onto the wide green grass lea of the archery field.
Gregor and Soren were both taking aim at a target down the field as Dagon and her father engaged in a discussion that appeared quite serious by all the gestures involved.
“Why not tell him?” King Geoffrey demanded. “He needs to know. He will need to sit in attendance on court days to learn its workings.”
Electra could see the perspiration on her husband’s brow, and knew at once the subject of the discussion. Her son, Gregor. Her father was still intent on making him the heir to Fernland’s throne in the place of her brother Prince Avor. Glad that she had arrived ahead of her mother, Electra smiled and stepped closer.
“Sorry to interrupt, but you have a message from Haddad the Shipbuilder, Father.
King Geoffrey looked angry at the interruption and Dagon seemed relieved. “Where is the message?” Geoffrey demanded.
“It was a spoken message. He requests an audience with you and Mother this afternoon.”
The anger left her father’s face on hearing this message. “You may tell him his audience is granted.”
“Mother has decided to go in the royal carriage and pick him up to bring him to the castle.” Electra waved as she saw her mother approaching. “And here she is now, ready to leave,” Electra added.
Delphinia smiled as she joined them. “Sorry to be so long in joining you. I was making plans for a special dinner, should Haddad bear good news.”
King Geoffrey frowned. “I hardly think it necessary to pick him up in the royal carriage. We hope he will accept our offer, but it is he who will be elevated by the acceptance – not us.”
“Perhaps he is still wavering,” Delphinia said. “It never hurts to be gracious.” She looked at Electra. “Are you ready to go?”
Dagon seemed hesitant to allow them to go. “Perhaps I should escort you? We could take the boys along.”
“No, no,” Delphinia exclaimed. “They are having too much fun. We do not want to take them from their game.”
Electra shrugged regretfully at her husband’s distressed countenance. “Make sure the boys wash up and dress for a formal dinner before they become overly tired.”
Dagon nodded enthusiastically at her words. “Yes, I will see to it. They are already showing signs of fatigue.”
King Geoffrey turned to look at his grandsons who were running down the field to discover where their arrows had fallen. “I see no signs of fatigue.”
“One has to know them well to see the signs,” Dagon countered.
“We will return shortly,” Delphinia said, already turning to go.

After delivering Electra’s message to the captain of a ship leaving that afternoon for Taz, Electra and Delphinia delivered a confused Haddad to the steps of Fernland’s castle.
“This really was unnecessary,” Haddad objected as he stepped out, “but I thank you for the honor of riding back with you in the royal carriage.”
“It is we who are honored by your consideration of King Geoffrey’s offer,” Delphinia insisted. “He is most anxious to hear your decision.”
Haddad made a short bow. “A formal dinner is also unnecessary. I would be happy to tell him of my decision forthwith.”
“Whatever your decision, we wish to honor your years of service to Fernland at our dinner. But you may give Geoffrey your decision now in his throne room if you prefer. I will have a page take you to him.”
“Thank you,” Haddad said graciously with a stiff bow.

Haddad took the offered chair at the round table in front of the throne where King Geoffrey sat with Dagon and Muller the Spy.
“You have reached a decision?” King Geoffrey asked, getting right to the point.
“I have,” Haddad replied. “I will accept your offer to be named Admiral of the Fleet and your navy stands behind me in honoring its pledge to protect Fernland.”
King Geoffrey beamed. “You have chosen wisely. Your first assignment will be to sail the Prince Avor to Hormu and observe the size of Avor’s army.”
Dagon was surprised. “You will not be sending the Prince Avor to King Blackwell in Henge?”
“He will get our ship when this new communal ship is completed,” Geoffrey huffed. He looked at Haddad. “When do you suppose that will be?”
Haddad shrugged and turned to Dagon. “How long will it take you to fabricate your metal reinforcements?”
“A month or two perhaps?” Dagon guessed.
King Geoffrey stood up as he spoke to Haddad. “If you leave tomorrow, you may be able to travel to Hormu and back by the time the new ship is ready to launch. Let us get this formal dinner my wife has requested out of the way as soon as possible. We have much work to do.”

Chapter 30

Atlas Mountains outside Tangier

The Atlas Mountains proved to be a challenge for travelers and camels alike. More than once, the caravan had stalled while the travelers dismounted and walked gingerly over narrow icy pathways, holding their breath as the camels stamped their feet and snorted scornfully.  With the highest pass through the mountains behind them and only faint traces of snow and ice around them, Shalin and Esme breathed a little easier as they stopped to make camp for the night.
Soldad stood by smiling as Esme’s camel knelt down to allow her to dismount.
“We are through the worst of it now,” he said. “Smaller mountains and warmer plateaus await.”
“I am sure my camel is grateful,” Esme said, unwilling to admit to any relief herself.
Soldad laughed and moved on to help Shalin down from her camel.
“You are also unfazed by the snow and ice?” he asked.
Shalin laughed along with him. “Not unfazed, but also not unfamiliar,” she said. “We who live in the northern climes are not strangers to snow and ice.”

That night the three Blackwells slept close to the campfire to stay warm.
Five more days of travel through these mountains, Shalin relayed to her sister’s mind.
It is not so bad, Esme replied silently.
The unmistakable roar of a lion echoed through the campsite.
Soldad and his men jumped up, ready to defend the camp. The Tara guides seemed less concerned.
Soldad translated the Tara men’s comments for Serafina, Shalin and Esme.
“They say the lion will not come into the camp as long as we have a fire. This is his time to hunt. He may already have killed a stag. The lion is perhaps warning away a leopard who hopes to share his meal.”
“Lions and leopards?” Esme asked, excited by the news.
“There are some, but they are not often seen during the day,” Soldad said. “And during the night they are more often heard than seen.”
All slept that night with one ear alert for sounds.

The next morning, the caravan climbed to a pass between two tall mountains and continued down into another green valley with a scattering of small dwellings and farms.
Soldad smiled as they snaked down into the high valley. “We will have fresh food tonight. I remember this village. The inhabitants are very friendly.”
As predicted the black-robed farmers invited the members of the caravan to a dinner feast and sold them food for their camels.
The farmers’ wives and children chatted among themselves and brought platters of food to be shared with their guests. Talk of an elephant raid in one of their farms caught Soldad’s ear and he relayed the news to Esme.
“What will they do to the elephants that raided their farms?” Esme asked, her face lined with worry.
“They chased them away with firebrands,” Soldad said, still listening in on the conversation amongst the traders.
“Do they know where the elephants came from?” Esme asked. “Might we see them from the caravan route?”
“I have not seen them on my previous trips,” Soldad said. “They travel from place to place as they forage for food.”
“May I go to see the tracks they left behind?” Esme asked.
“I am sure no one will mind,” Soldad said. “It was the last farm to the west. The elephant herd came up a trail from the south to this valley.”
“Will you come with me Shalin?” Esme asked.
“All right,” Shalin said, finishing up her dinner.

They walked to the trampled field and Esme began tracing the footprints on to her scroll. “Some of these are quite small. They brought their young elephants with them.”
“They are lucky the farmers did not try to kill them,” Shalin said. “They could easily have sold the ivory to the Tara traders.”
“We could follow the tracks,” Esme said.
“Not so easily. It is already dusk. They are likely far away by now,” Shalin argued.
“There are still fields untouched. They may have stayed close in hopes of making another raid.”
Shalin sighed. “I am sure they have moved on to a place where no one comes after them with flaming sticks. I will go with you only as far as that first curve in the trail and then we must return.”
They followed the widely spread tracks through the trees and had nearly reached the bend in the trail when they heard a plaintive whimper.
They found a very young elephant entangled in netting. Its mother had apparently been unable to free the calf before moving on with the fleeing herd.
Shalin saw how upset her sister was about the young calf’s fate. Without its mother’s milk, it would surely die. “We can ask Soldad and his mates to help us free her, but there is little we can do to save her.”
“We could find her mother,” Esme said, stroking the frightened calf’s ears.
“How do you propose to do that?” Shalin asked.
“Follow the tracks,” Esme said.
“We are with a caravan,” Shalin reminded her. “They will not wait while we go looking for an elephant herd.” She could see her sister’s face began to set into those stubborn lines that always signaled trouble. “First let us go to find someone with a knife to free her from the netting.”
They ran back to their host farmer’s house where people were shaking hands and wishing one another goodnight.
“Soldad,” Shalin called out. “We found a baby elephant trapped in netting. Could you and your shipmates help us to free her?”
“Yes, of course,” Soldad said. “But her herd has likely moved on. It might be a kindness to kill her.”
“No,” Esme said with a horrified expression. “We must try to save her.”
Soldad put up his hands in surrender. He signaled to his men with a wave and they followed Shalin and Esme to the cluster of oak trees where the elephant lay trapped.
The young calf was freed in a matter of minutes and rose unsteadily on legs already weak from lack of nourishment.
“I suppose we could let her follow our caravan as long as she is able. Perhaps her mother will hear her cries or pick up her scent,” Soldad said.
“We could follow their tracks,” Esme insisted.
“We would be on foot,” Soldad reminded her. “Elephants can move quickly, even with young calves. They have already been gone a day and a half.
“Besides that, Mother would never allow it. You know all of this, Esme. I think Soldad’s idea is the best we can do.” Shalin looked hopefully at her sister.
Esme frowned. “All right, but might we at least give her some cow’s milk if the farmers will sell us some?”
“Yes we could do that,” Soldad said, “though she may not take it from anyone other than her mother.”
“I will find a way,” Esme insisted.

The next morning the calf was still alive. Esme had stayed up most of the night cradling the young elephant in her arms and attempting to feed it milk through a large rolled leaf.
The caravan was soon gathered and moving south toward another range of mountains. As they passed through a wooded area, Shalin saw Soldad up ahead pointing at the ground and waving his arm.
Esme was turned backward in her saddle watching the little calf struggling to keep up with the caravan.
“What is it?” Shalin shouted to Soldad.
Soldad cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted back. “Elephant tracks.”
Esme heard and almost fell off her camel turning back to see where the tracks lay.
Soldad pointed toward the wooded area off to his right.
They could not see any elephants but they could hear distant cracking sounds. Elephants breaking off branches to eat? Esme hoped.
The elephant calf was falling behind, crying pitifully.
Suddenly they heard a trumpeting call. They watched the wooded area as long as they could but no elephant appeared.
The caravan moved on around a curve and they lost sight of the calf.
I believe the elephants heard the calf. They are waiting for us to leave before they come and rescue it, Shalin transmitted to her sister’s mind.
Do you really think so? Esme asked silently.
I am sure of it, Shalin returned, wanting to be right.

Chapter 31

City of Taz

Prince Avor watched with relief and gratitude as two more ships carrying Taz refugees from Fernland arrived in Taz. The city was already filling up with former residents.
Avor had told General Uengen that he was bringing his ship builders here to Taz so that he could have his own source of income closer to his new home in Hormu.
If General Uengen questioned the notion that the shipbuilders belonged to Prince Avor, rather than to Fernland, he did not express it.
Avor further hinted that his ship builders’ presence here would secure Taz’s safety and loyalty to the Great Khan, should Avor need to call upon the small Mongol army stationed in the hills behind the city to come to Hormu’s defense.
Cogatin came to stand beside him. “These are more shipbuilders coming in from Fernland?”
“Yes,” Avor replied. “They are all well known to me. I think perhaps the first ship they build should go to Hormu.” He smiled. “Would you not like to have a ship at your disposal?”
“Can we afford such a luxury?” she asked. “I brought no coin with me as we fled to the desert after the Persians attacked. Our taxes on the marketplace vendors were our main source of income. Now the marketplace will be deserted.”
“These men know me. They will begin work on my word alone. The taxes will be reinstated in time,” Avor assured her.
Cogatin nodded and smiled. “You have so much authority in your homeland. Your father King Geoffrey must miss you terribly.”
Avor pursed his lips, trying to come up with a response that was not an outright lie. “Yes, I must contact him soon. Perhaps after we are established in Hormu.”
“We should return to Hormu soon,” Cogatin said. “I hope some of the palace staff were able to escape unharmed.”
Avor doubted very much that any had. “We will have half of General Uengen’s Army awaiting us. Some from their families might be willing to take up positions in the palace.”
“I hope it has not been damaged beyond repair,” Cogatin said.
Avor put his arm around his wife’s shoulders. “If necessary we will build it anew.”
Cogatin clasped the hand draped over her shoulder. “Of course.”

That evening a final ship came into the port of Taz. It was a ship Avor knew well – a ship that bore his name. Prince Avor.
Avor walked down to the beach to meet the ship wondering if his parents might be on board. If so, he was thankful Cogatin did not understand English.
When he saw Haddad the Shipbuilder rowing toward him in a shore boat, he was relieved.
“You have returned as well, old friend?” Avor asked, holding out his hand to welcome him.
Haddad shook his hand in greeting, but his words were not so welcoming. “I have not returned, much as I long to do so. This is an official visit in my new role as Fernland’s Admiral of the Fleet and Commander of Fernland’s Navy.”
Avor stiffened at the news. “I see. I have been replaced.” He let out a sigh. “It is not entirely unexpected, though I had hoped my father would not act quite so rashly.”
“You gave him little choice,” Haddad responded.
“I know he will never be friends with the Great Khan,” Avor lamented.
“Nor will the Taz people ever be so inclined,” Haddad said.
Avor nodded. “What then is the purpose of this official business?”
Haddad grinned. “Not that I am obliged to tell you, but I am here to ascertain the strength of your army in Hormu.”
Avor’s mouth fell open. “Does my father proposed to attack me?”
Haddad shrugged. “He did not confide his purpose to me. Perhaps he only wants to know what your chances of surviving in Hormu are.”
Avor looked out at the ship which bore his name. “Then we shall go together to Hormu to find the answer to my father’s question. I also wish to know the strength of the army that awaits us there.”
Haddad took a moment to consider Avor’s request. “I suppose that is acceptable. I should like to see my brother Rabar before we go, and a few of my family members who have returned.”
Avor nodded. “Good. I will go with you. I need to ask Rabar a favor.”
“What favor is that?” Haddad asked.
“I would like to commission a ship to be built.” Avor looked at Haddad. “Unless you wish to hand over the whole of your fleet to me since it bears my name?”
Haddad frowned. “I fear the ship that bears your name has already been spoken for.”
Avor stopped dead in his tracks. “Father is selling the Prince Avor?”
“Now we are treading on dangerous ground. There are intrigues afoot that I am not privy to, and if I were, I would not be authorized to divulge.”
Avor stared at Haddad in amazement. Was it possible his father did mean to attack Hormu? Was he selling a ship to raise the funds to gather an army? He shook his head. No, none of that was possible.

They found Physician Rabar surrounded by relatives and friends engaged in a reunion celebration. Rabar was now addressed as Caliph by his people. They would look to Caliph Rabar to settle disputes and guide them in their resettlement of Taz.
“Haddad!” Rabar said, clasping his brother by the shoulders. “I was told you were not returning. That you had decided to retain a foothold in Fernland.”
“That is true,” Haddad said. “I am here on King Geoffrey’s orders.”
“Should we be speaking in private?” Caliph Rabar asked, looking at Avor out the corner of his eye.
Haddad smiled. “No, I have already told Prince Avor that I am sent to observe the size of his army in Hormu.”
“To what end?” Rabar asked nervously.
“That, I was not told.”
“I know things are...,” Rabar seemed to search for an acceptable word for a moment. “Unsettled in Fernland. I have only today received an urgent message from Princess Electra.”
Avor looked at Rabar. “Are you at liberty to tell me the contents of the message?”
“Yes, I do not see why not as most of the questions are directed at you.”
Rabar went into his house and returned with a scroll which he unrolled and read aloud to Haddad and Avor.

To my friend and mentor Physician Rabar,
What is the situation there in Taz? We are in chaos here in Fernland. My father wants to make my son Gregor heir to Fernland’s throne in place of Prince Avor. He says Avor has chosen the Great Khan over Fernland.
Queen Delphinia is desperate to see Avor. She believes there must be a way to reconcile Avor to his birthright. She wants to meet Cogatin and her children.
Is Avor still there in Taz? Is the situation resolved in Hormu? Is it still too dangerous and unstable to visit?
I fear for both my mother and father as their thoughts and actions now are not well thought out.
Would it be safe for me to bring my mother as far as Taz for a visit? Would there be any chance of her seeing my brother there? I fear to go as far as Hormu which is unknown to me.
I await your response on pins and needles,
Your student and friend, Electra

“What would you have me reply in my message to her?” Rabar asked Avor.
Avor let out a deeply held breath. “Tell her I go now to view the situation in Hormu. I will write her myself with a message to be carried back to Fernland by the new Admiral of the Fleet, Haddad. Tell her I will find a way to see my mother that will ensure her safety.”
Avor took a moment to consider his next words carefully. “I believe once your people have settled back into their homes and looked to their future here, they will turn to their familiar lives as shipbuilders. The stays are still in place from the building of the Great Khan’s ships. I myself would like to have the honor of being their first customer.”
Rabar seemed properly interested in Avor’s request.
“Yes,” Avor continued, “as Regent of Hormu I wish to commission the building of a ship to establish Hormu as a trading kingdom.” Avor awaited Caliph Rabar’s reply.
“I shall consider your request and send a reply to Hormu after my brother Haddad returns on the Prince Avor,” Caliph Rabar said.

Chapter 32

Aboard the Prince Avor

Prince Avor sailed to Hormu with his new family, Haddad the Shipbuilder and a crew made up of Taz refugees who had signed loyalty oaths to King Geoffrey. Avor had last visited over a year ago when he had found Cogatin hiding at an oasis outpost with her two young sons.
Looking out toward the approaching landmass, he chatted with Haddad.
“When I was last in Hormu, the siege of the palace fortress was just underway. Arrows rained down on both sides but no hand to hand fighting was in evidence,” he recollected.
“The Mongols are famous for sieges,” Haddad grumbled. “That was likely their plan for conquering Taz had they not discovered the underground river channel.”
Avor could see that any talk of the Mongol victory in Hormu would not be well received by Haddad. He changed the subject.
“How soon do you think your returning Taz refugees will be able to resume building ships?” Avor asked.
“There is the problem of building materials,” Haddad said. “I doubt General Uengen would stand idly by were they to begin harvesting wood from the forests behind Taz.”
Avor thought that over for a moment. “The Kingdom of Hormu is much larger than I imagined. As Regent, I will be able to manage its resources. We may have wood we could ship to Hormu.”
“You have ash and oak that would be suitable for shipbuilding,” Haddad stated.
Avor was surprised that Haddad would know this. “You have purchased wood from Hormu in the past?”
“Some,” Haddad replied. “As shipbuilders for many generations, we know the resources available in surrounding kingdoms.”
“I might be willing to send some wood your way in exchange for my ship,” Avor offered.
“Give us enough wood for five ships the size of yours and we will build your ship for free,” Haddad said.
“Done!” Avor said, relieved he would not have to come up with the necessary coin himself. He wondered briefly how he would manage to get said wood to Taz before changing the subject once again.
“Does my father expect you to use Taz ships in your new role as Admiral of the Fleet?”
“He has not asked and we have not offered. Our fleet will be stationed at Taz from now on.”
“Would you be able to pick up your oak and ash from Hormu for transport to Taz?”
“I believe if we increased your pledge from 5 to 6 ships worth of wood that could be arranged.”
“We have an agreement,” Avor pledged.

By early the next morning, Hormu was in view. Cogatin and her sons stood beside Avor for their first view of their reinstated kingdom.
“The palace still stands,” Avor said, shading his eyes from the rising sun.
He turned to face his wife and saw tears in her eyes.
Cogatin brushed the tears away. “I thought I might never see our home again,” she murmured.
Avor put his arm around her shoulders. “It will not be as it once was, but in time it should feel like home again.”
“Yes,” she said. “Will the army stay on to protect us?”
“I hope so,” Avor said. “It will be up to General Uengen to decide, unless the Great Khan himself calls up even this small force to bolster his army in China.”
“Do you think that could happen?” Cogatin asked.
“I do not know how things are going in China,” Avor said. “It is possible. The Great Khan’s empire is vast and his forces stretched thin.”
“And Hormu is a far outpost,” Cogatin said, nodding. “Are the new men coming in from Fernland to Taz loyal to you? Would they fight to protect us from the Persians?”
“Perhaps in time, if we can establish good relations with them. We have a start in ordering a ship and supplying them with wood from our forests.”
They heard Haddad call out, “All hands on deck,” in the Taz tongue.  They drew close to the long dock beside the river that ran down through the city from the hills above. Several crew members jumped onto the dock to secure the ship.
Avor climbed down a rope to the dock and then helped his family disembark. They began the long walk to the palace that led past rambling warehouses, an empty marketplace and the tall walls surrounding the palace fortress.
“There are no ships, no caravans,” Cogatin said. “All the traders have fled in fear.”
Avor held his wife’s hand. “It will take some time before they feel it is safe to return. We will have a start with ships from Taz visiting. Word will spread.”
Cogatin’s sons, Altan and Octai, became more animated as they reached the walls of the palace fortress.
Altan pulled on his mother’s sleeve. “Will we have our old rooms in the palace? Will Batu and Erden be here?”
Avor looked at Altan, then his mother. “Friends?” he asked.
“Batu and Erden were his best friends.” She put her hands on either side of her son’s face. “I do not know,” she said. “They may have left as we did to escape the fighting.”
Altan nodded, disappointed.

As they walked over the drawbridge to the castle courtyard, they were stopped by a group of Mongol soldiers stationed in the palace courtyard.
“Your business here?” A young guard asked.
“This is Crown Prince Altan of Hormu,” Avor said in a stern voice. “And his mother, Queen Cogatin of Hormu.” Avor nodded at his wife before fixing his gaze on the young soldier. “I am Prince Avor, husband of Queen Cogatin and Regent to the Crown Prince of Hormu. We are here to take possession of our palace, on orders from the Great Khan.”
The young guard stiffened as he looked from one to another. “I will fetch Commander Ganzoug,” he said before rushing off towards the palace entrance.

As the young guard searched for his commander, Avor and Cogatin searched the palace facade with their eyes. There were burned patches where flaming arrows had struck and gouges where exploding arrows had taken out bits of masonry as well as deep blackened pits in the dirt of the courtyard.
All bodies and weapons debris had been removed, thankfully, but there were remnants of the battle that remained—bits of armor, piles of ashes, dead foliage surrounded by bits of masonry where once fountains and flowers had reined.  Outside the walls, a giant catapult, partially broken, held testament. Tunnels dug under the wall were still in evidence.
The commander who approached them in the courtyard was an older man that Avor remembered meeting in General Uengen’s yurt. He strode toward them smiling.
“Welcome to your palace, Your Majesties,” he said.
“Thank you for your service to the Great Khan, Commander Ganzoug,” Queen Cogatin responded.
“We have been expecting you, but did not anticipate your arrival by ship,” the commander of one hundred said.
“How many are left under your command?” Avor asked.
“Only my one hundred. A few of my men fell to arrows but I have recruited those I needed from the ranks. Have you any orders for me from General Uengen?”
Avor shook his head. “I am only to inform him of your needs.”
“We have commandeered some livestock,” the commander said, “so we are well fed. There is not much to keep us occupied here.”
“That could change soon if we are fortunate enough to keep you. We may need some trees cut and brought down from the forests,” Avor said.
“For defenses?” The commander asked.
“For shipbuilding,” Avor replied.
The commander wrinkled his nose in an expression of distaste. “Ships,” was his only comment.

Chapter 33

Aboard the Pride of Manoa


Admiral Haddad had sailed away on the Prince Avor on King Geoffrey’s orders, to spy on Avor and his new family in Hormu. This left Electra and Dagon, along with their blacksmiths from Helsop, to their own devices in finding a way back to their northern village.
Dagon had, in turn, decided to buy passage as far as Henge for all of them on the Pride of Manoa. The Helsop village coffers were fat enough of late to justify such an expenditure and he and Electra were anxious to leave before King Geoffrey could make any more demands or decrees concerning their son Gregor’s future.
Electra stood at the bow of the ship as it neared Henge, her hand protectively on Gregor’s shoulder.
“Papa said I might climb to the crow’s nest when the ship is at anchor,” Gregor announced.
“This is not our ship,” Electra replied. “Only crew members are allowed to climb to the crow’s nest.”
“Perhaps if we asked the captain he might allow it,” Gregor argued.
“I doubt there will be time,” Electra replied casting a meaningful look in her husband’s direction.
“I fear that is true,” Dagon said in a voice filled with regret. “We must get our casting ashore and on its way to Helsop without delay. The new ship cannot set sail until we have finished our work of reinforcing the cargo hold.”
Gregor looked up at the crow’s nest with a forlorn expression. “I could be very quick,” he said.
“Next time,” Dagon said.
“You promise?” Gregor asked.
Dagon looked at Electra and shrugged. “Yes, I promise.”
Electra closed her eyes and mumbled something incomprehensible. She pointed to something high on the hill above Henge’s castle. “They are mining a new area on the hill,” she noted.
Dagon shaded his eyes and followed the line of her stretched arm. “Yes, and more activity there as well.” He pointed his index finger a half turn to the left.
“It is like a swarm of locusts descended on Henge,” Electra said. “Will our craftsmen be able to keep pace with our miners?”
“I hope so,” Dagon said. “Demand is high now and will only increase with this new plan for weapons’ sales.”
“Look,” Gregor said, “there is Mahmet the Trader come to meet the ship.”
They watched as the trader stopped short of the ship and veered off to lift the canvas cover on a kiosk along the dock.
“He has set up shop here,” Dagon said, laughing. “We should stop to see what he is selling.”
“Perhaps I might have time to climb to the crow’s nest while you are at his shop,” Gregor suggested.
“We will only have time for a passing glance,” Electra told him. “We must go on to the castle and report our progress to Prince Blackwell. Is that not correct?” she asked Dagon.
“Absolutely,” Dagon agreed. “No more than a glance.”

The group from Helsop walked together down the gangplank, carrying the wooden cast Haddad’s ship builders had made for them. As they passed Mahmet’s kiosk, Dagon called out to him.
“You have taken up your trade here, I see.”
“Please come and have a look. For friends, I have very good prices.”
“Perhaps later,” Electra called out. “We have news to carry to the castle first.”
Mahmet smiled. “I am always at your service.”

The group continued up the hill to the castle and were intercepted half-way by old King Blackwell.
“What have you got there?” He laughed, looking at the awkward frame carried by four men. “Are you thinking of setting up your own hut next to your iron ore now?”
Dagon smiled at the old King. “Not a bad idea, that, but no. This is the form for the exact curvature of the cargo hold we are charged with lining in metal sheets.”
Old King Blackwell looked out at the harbor. “How did you get here? I don’t see our new ship, the Prince Avor, at anchor.”
“We came aboard the Pride of Manoa,” Electra said.
“Traveling by commercial vessels now, are you?” The old King let that comment stand as he furrowed his brow. “I thought King Geoffrey was giving the Prince Avor to Phinn. “Wasn’t that part of the deal?”
“Yes,” Dagon said, “and he still means to honor it as soon as this new ship is launched. That is why we must hurry to keep Helsop’s part of the bargain.”
“Hummp,” the old King said. “I suppose, you can take that up with my son. This whole idea seems like begging trouble to me.”
“Where is Prince Blackwell?” Dagon asked. “We do have a few matters to discuss with him.”
“Likely up looking at Mahmet’s map of the world and plotting his campaign for world dominion,” the old King groused. “When he decides to declare war on someone, I’ll begin take an interest. Until then,” he shrugged. “This conspiracy business is too complicated for me.”
The group, which now included the old King, continued up to the castle, stopping along the way to greet Helsop miners and carters on their way back to Helsop with wagons full of iron ore.

Dagon, Electra and their two sons did find Prince Blackwell in Serafina’s library just as the old King had predicted. He was studying the map which was beginning to take shape under the steady hand of Corban the Scribe.
Corban seemed annoyed by Prince Blackwell who watched over his shoulder as he drew in the outline of a section of the Great Sea.
Blackwell looked up as they entered the library. “Dagon, Electra, you are returned from taking your measurements?”
“Yes, we have brought a wooden cast of the exact curvature of the cargo hold. We have only to travel on to Helsop now to make the metal sheets and the new ship can be finished and launched.”
“Excellent,” Prince Blackwell said, beaming. “Have you returned on the Prince Avor?”
Dagon shook his head. “No, we came aboard the Pride of Manoa.”
Prince Blackwell frowned. “Why is that?”
Electra spoke up. “Father and Mother had a bit of unsettling news from my brother, Prince Avor.”
Prince Blackwell’s frown deepened. “What news?”
“My brother has married Queen Cogatin of Hormu and the Great Khan has appointed him Regent of her son the Crown Prince of Hormu. Avor will not be returning to Fernland any time soon. The Crown Prince is only seven years old.”
Prince Blackwell’s expression went through a series of emotions and ended in a look of disbelief. “And what does your father have to say about that?”
Electra looked at her sons before speaking. “Gregor, you and Soren may run down to the theater to see if Drake and Phinn are there. You do not need to stay here while your father and I are discussing business with Prince Blackwell.”
As soon as the boys had left the library, Electra turned to Prince Blackwell. “My father’s reaction to my brother’s news was to try to proclaim our son, Gregor, heir to Fernland’s throne.”
Prince Blackwell slapped his hand to his forehead in shock. “We had best go to my office to continue our discussion,” he said, looking around as if spies might be hiding behind the drapes.

Chapter 34

Kingdom of Henge

Electra and Dagon sat in front of Prince Blackwell’s desk while Blackwell took the seat behind his desk. Crossed swords hung on the wall behind him.
“Now we will not be overheard,” Blackwell assured them.
“I do not believe Corban the Scribe speaks or understands English,” Electra said, defending the man left to his mapmaking in the library.
“One never knows for sure, does one?” Blackwell stated. “It seems these travelers usually know more than they admit to.” Blackwell leaned back in his chair. “So your brother Avor has officially joined the ranks of the Great Khan.”
Electra shrugged. “It would seem so, but in his message to my parents he did not acknowledge that as a problem. He seemed anxious for my parents to meet his new family.”
“And your father plans to ban his birthright to Fernland’s throne?”
Dagon took up the story. “It was all I could do to prevent his naming Gregor as heir apparent while we were there. I do not want our son involved in this dispute between Avor and his father.”
“Yes, I can see how that might become a source of trouble.” Blackwell drummed his fingers on the desktop as he thought. “How do you suppose this turn of events might affect our recent alliance?”
Dagon took a deep breath. “King Geoffrey seems to see his son’s actions as a threat to Fernland. He has made Haddad the Shipbuilder Admiral of the Fleet and sent him to Hormu on the Prince Avor to find out the strength of Hormu’s defenses.”
Prince Blackwell’s jaw dropped open. “Does he mean to attack his son?”
Dagon frowned. “I do not think so. I believe he just wants more information about his son’s new life.”
Blackwell nodded. “Yes, that makes sense. But he sent Haddad off on the Prince Avor. That was to be a replacement for Phinn’s ship. That is already a departure from our agreement.”
Electra interrupted. “He still intends to give Phinn that ship when the new ship is launched.”
Blackwell looked hopeful at this news. “And the new ship is close to completion? You took your measurements?”
Dagon nodded. “We have all we need now to craft the metal reinforcements. We are on our way back to Helsop to begin work on the project.”
“Fine, fine,” Blackwell said. “Then I suppose this family business will not affect our plans. We are moving carts of ore to Helsop at double our previous rate. And the carts that once returned empty are now returning filled with the shells for explosive canisters.”
“Will you sell the canisters and explosives separately or will you fill them first?” Dagon asked.
Blackwell pursed his lips. “I had thought to fill them first, but you bring up an interesting possibility. Might it be safer to separate the two?”
Dagon worried his bottom lip with his teeth. “It might be safer from an explosive accident, but the explosive powder itself would be safer from moisture inside the metal canisters.”
“Yes, that is true,” Blackwell agreed. He knocked his knuckles atop his desk.  “I suppose we are still on track then to prosper from our agreement. Would you care to view the new pits we are mining? Some appear quite promising.”
Electra stood up. “I will leave the two of you to inspect the mines. I need to go and check on Gregor and Soren.” She looked at her husband. “How soon do you wish to leave for Helsop?”
Dagon looked to their host. “I thought we might stay the night with your permission and make an early start in the morning?”
“Yes, of course,” Blackwell replied. “You are always welcome. I regret I have no news as yet from Serafina and the twins. I assume they are on their way to Timbitu by now. It seems a waste of time and energy to me – this notion of studying Roman warfare, though solving the mystery of Greek Fire would be useful.”
“What is Greek Fire?” Dagon asked.
“According to accounts Serafina has read, it was an ancient weapon lost over time. It was a flame that leapt from some kind of metal catapult. A flame so intense in its fiery form that it burned even atop the water.”
“And its composition has been lost?” Dagon asked.
“Both its composition and the structure built into the ships necessary to launch such an inferno.”
“And Serafina hopes to unearth such a weapon?” Dagon asked.
“She plans to search for its origins in the history of Rome at the Imperial Library in Constantinople,” Blackwell affirmed.
“One hesitates to wish anyone good luck with such a project,” Electra said as she moved toward the door of Blackwell’s office.
Blackwell smiled. “The only thing worse than finding it ourselves would be our enemies finding it instead.”

Electra found Gregor and Soren huddled with Drake behind a curtain at Phinn the Ambassador’s theater.
“Watch Mama,” Soren said in an excited voice. “A word will appear on Drake’s palm.”
Drake held up his hand before a lit candle and the word yes took shape on his palm.
“That is amazing,” Electra said. “What was the question?”
Soren smiled. “Will Gregor be able to climb up to the crow’s nest next time he is aboard a ship?”
“I see,” Electra said. She looked at Drake. “Is your father here?”
Drake nodded. “Yes, he is working on a new system of pulleys with Lars the Trader.”

Electra found Phinn and Lars behind the theater, stringing out a series of cables, pulleys and wooden blocks.
Phinn looked up and smiled. “You are back from Fernland,” he said. “Gregor told us you sailed aboard the Pride of Manoa.”
Phinn’s voice held the hint of a question. Electra had already decided Phinn deserved to know what had transpired in Fernland, and would find out eventually anyway. If not from her, from gossip which might have been altered in the telling.
“You may have to wait a bit for delivery of the Prince Avor,” she began.
Phinn laid down the cable he was holding and moved closer. Lars continued to grease the moving parts of a pulley but was obviously paying attention. He kept greasing the same spot of the pulley.
“My brother Avor has married Queen Cogatin and been named Regent to the Crown Prince of Hormu by order of the Great Khan.”
Phinn seemed mildly surprised but not so much as Electra had expected. Perhaps he had noticed the affection between Avor and Cogatin when they had seen the two together in Taz.
“I do not see how that should affect the delivery of the ship,” Phinn said. “Has King Geoffrey given it to Avor as a wedding gift?”
Electra frowned. “Hardly,” she said. “Father has named Haddad commander of Fernland’s navy in Avor’s place and sent him aboard the Prince Avor to Hormu to spy on my brother.”
Phinn’s eyes grew wide. “So all the agreements made here in Henge at the One Hundred Year Celebration are now null and void?” Phinn asked.
“No, only delayed,” Electra assured him. “As soon as the new ship is launched, my father has promised to send the Prince Avor to you, as agreed.”
Phinn nodded slowly. “It sounds as if we should not become too hopeful. Hormu is a world away.”
Electra sighed. “This is true, and if my mother has her way, I may soon be accompanying her to Hormu to try to restore peace within our family.”

Chapter 35

City of Siji 

From their excellent viewing positions high up on camels’ humps, the twins could view the busy trading center of Siji. As they wound down the last of the low hills above the city, Shalin was surprised by the size of this metropolis which sat at the edge of a vast sea of sand as far as the eye could see – the last outpost of civilization before the great Sahara desert.
The caravan continued past the north gate to the city which opened onto a large marketplace. They entered further along by the west gate which housed a fortress and a huge caravansary.
As the twins bade goodbye to the beasts which had brought them over the dangerous trails through the mountains, Soldad approached, his countenance bright with anticipation.
He smiled at the twins. “You two have surely brought us good luck. We have traversed the mighty Atlas Mountains with no casualties. Now we must rent our own camels for a small side trip.”
“What side trip?” Esme asked in a suspicious tone of voice.
“Here gold is cheap. Some is even minted into coins here. But of course, not so cheap as it will be in Timbitu, which is closer to the source of the gold. Always, the cost of travel and portage must be added on.”
“Spoken like a true trader,” Esme said.
“We are what we are,” Soldad agreed. “Now, as a trader, I look to see what is here that also has its source here and what do I see?”
“Farms and orchards watered from streams flowing down from the mountains?” Shalin guessed, remembering what she had viewed from the hillside.
“Correct.” Soldad beamed as though she were his star pupil. “And now experience and knowledge come into play. Who has a need of just these things and also something to trade for possession of these products?”
“Us?” Esme asked, hoping for a similar compliment.
“Yes, us, of course,” Soldad said nodding, “and others like us.”
The twins realized Soldad was about to reveal another group of hungry people and stayed quiet.
“Not too far from here lies a desolate place that was once likely a lovely place full of lakes and foliage. Now we find only the remains of these ancient lakes and streams. Salt beds.”
Soldad took a breath before continuing with his pictorial account. “Salt so thick it is cut from the ground in great slabs, weighing hundreds of pounds each. Salt cut from the ground by slaves who exist mainly on dates that grow here in Siji.”
“We will take dates to the slaves?” Shalin asked.
“Dates and more,” Soldad said. “The dates that grow wild here are brought in by the slave masters who do little more than that for those who cut out the salt. We will bring more and the slaves will be grateful.”
“They will give you free salt in exchange for food?” Shalin asked.
Soldad shrugged. “We shall see. Those who guard the slaves and the salt must report to their employers. But concessions may be made.”
“And you will sell the salt to buy gold for your emperor?” Esme asked.
“Yes,” Soldad said. “Now you begin to think as a trader.”
“I doubt that I shall ever think as the trader,” Esme retorted.
“But you will know the mind of a trader,” Soldad said.
Esme smiled. “Yes.”
“What will you trade for the food you take from here?” Shalin asked.
Soldad held up his bulging duffel bag. “Cowry shells.”
The twins had heard of cowry shells and seen them traded as currency in various marketplaces. The hard cowry shells were used to make jewelry and sometimes as offerings to various gods.
“Do the cowry shells come from Constantinople?” Shalin asked.
“No, mostly from the land of the Hindu, but they are much less costly in Constantinople than they are here. This bag full of seashells will buy a great deal of food for the slaves of the Taghaz.”
Serafina joined the twins and Soldad. “This seems a busy place in spite of its isolation,” she noted.
“Yes,” Soldad agreed. “You will find goods from as far away as China and of course, all of Africa.”
“Will we be staying here for long?” Serafina asked.
“As long as it takes me to rent camels, find a Tara guide and buy up large amounts of barley, pomegranates, dates and almonds. I will trade them for salt at our next stop.”
Serafina nodded with a knowing expression. “And the salt for gold at Timbitu?” 
Soldad smiled. “Exactly.”
“May we borrow Aeros once again to translate for us at the marketplace?” Serafina asked.
“Of course,” Soldad replied. “I will find him and send him to you.”

As Soldad left, the twins both looked carefully at their mother for any signs of the weakness that accompanied malaria.
“Would you like to find a place to rest while we are here?” Esme asked her mother in what she hoped was a casual tone.
Serafina’s face tightened. “I had not thought to. Are you in need of a place to rest?” she asked Esme.
“No,” Esme replied, “Though some tea might be nice.”
“Tea?” Serafina said. “Yes, perhaps after we see what this marketplace has to offer.”
Aeros walked up to join them. “May I show you the way to the marketplace?” he asked.
“Lead away,” Esme said. “It seems we are all eager to shop.”
The caravansary was huge and they passed one caravan leaving through the west gate that must have had over five hundred camels.
They walked past orchards of dates and almonds along Zig River. Aeros told them the river ended just beyond Siji where it sank into the sands of the Sahara.
“Will we return here with our rented camels?” Serafina asked Aeros.
“Yes, after leaving Timbitu we will return with gold for the Emperor and perhaps kola nuts, cloth and beads to sell here. Then we will return our rented camels and join another caravan on its way to Tangier.”
They stopped to look at a large waterwheel bringing water from the river to irrigate an orchard of pomegranates.
“Is this a prosperous city?” Serafina asked.
“It is, I believe. They have temples and schools here,” Aeros said. “Although they are isolated, they have much contact with the outside world through visiting traders.”
“Is Siji an ancient city?” Shalin asked.
“Not  ancient, but one or two hundred years old, perhaps. As long as the caravans have been coming here.”
When they reached the marketplace, Shalin headed for the booksellers and Esme for the live animal market.
Aeros called them back. “We must stay together,” he cautioned them. “Soldad wants us to return before sunset. He means to retire early after a meal at the caravansary. We will leave tomorrow at dawn.”
“Will he not need to come to the marketplace to buy his food?” Shalin asked.
Aeros shook his head. “No, he will buy directly from the farmers.”
Esme laughed. “Of course he will.”

Chapter 36

The Great Sahara Desert

Soldad’s small side trip turned out to be a seven-day slog through the hot desert. He had rented a small caravan of twenty-five camels and the services of two Tara guides.
Shalin was grateful for her silk robe and turban which kept her skin from the burning rays of the sun and shielded her eyes from glare. She passed a thought to her sister on the camel in front of her. We should be there soon. Do you see any sign of a village up ahead?
No. I see nothing. The sky seems to be a bit hazy this morning.
Shouts from the Tara guides garnered everyone’s attention. The pace of the lead camels increased and suddenly they were racing across the desert.
What is happening? Shalin silently asked her sister.
I fear it may be a sandstorm, but if so, we are racing toward it. We should be racing in the other direction, should we not?
Perhaps there is shelter in the village of Taghaz, Shalin guessed.

They reached the remote village of Taghaz just as the sandstorm hit. There was no time to form a plan. The Tara guides ran along the line of camels, ordering them to kneel down and pushing riders against the lee side of the camels’ bodies to protect the humans from the abrasive sand particles.
They stayed pressed against the bodies of their camels for a whole day and night, waiting out the storm. The twins were fortunate to be able to trade thoughts and assurances during the long dark night made even darker as whipping sand blotted out the light of the stars above.
Will our camels survive? Shalin asked her sister as the storm intensified to a screaming pitch.
Yes, they have three eyelids and long eyelashes to protect their eyes; their nostrils close up to protect their airways, and extra fur protects their ears. They are built to survive in the desert.
Did you see anything of the village before the storm hit? Shalin asked.
No, it happened too fast. And there was too much flying sand. Are you thirsty?
Desperately thirsty, Shalin admitted.

With morning, the winds abated and Soldad came by with gourds full of water.
“I think the worst is behind us now,” he said, handing each of the twins a gourd of water.
“Is Mother all right?” Esme asked.
“Yes, one of the Tara guides took her to a salt house. I told her I would bring the two of you there to stay with her.”
“A salt house? Where they store the salt?” Esme asked.
Soldad smiled. “No, a house built of slabs of salt. They are shelters where the slaves sleep.”
Shalin stood up and stretched her stiff limbs, while she took in gulps of water.
“Follow me,” Soldad said, “your mother is in the third slab house. 

The houses all looked very much the same. They stood about six feet high, built of six-foot tall slabs of salt cut from the ancient lake’s floor. The slabs were stuck in the sand and topped with roofs of camel hides.
Their mother’s hut also had a camel hide floor. It was likely the best of the primitive huts.
“Are you unharmed from the storm?” Esme asked her mother who sat eating a pomegranate on the floor of the hut.”
“Yes, I am unharmed. And the two of you? Come closer so I can check your eyes and your lungs.”
The twins sat down beside their mother in the dim interior of the salt house as she pulled down there eyelids and laid her head against their chests to listen to their breathing.
Esme tried to inspect the same signs in her mother without being too obvious.
“Was this a vacant house?” Shalin asked, wondering where the slaves were.
“No, there were three slaves sleeping here. I believe Soldad took them to the camels carrying food so that they could eat.”
Serafina handed pomegranates to each of the girls. “He left these for you.”
The sweet juice of the fruit felt good against their parched throats.
“Was that a particularly bad storm, I wonder,” Shalin mused aloud.
“Soldad said they sometimes go on for days,” Serafina replied.

After finishing the brackish water from their gourds, the twins and their mother walked out onto the salt flats.
They watched as the slaves cut through the thick layer of salt with axes and tilted up slabs to be tied on either side of a camel’s hump. Two great slabs comprised a load.
As the food each camel carried was being unloaded and replaced with slabs of salt, Soldad joined their little group.
“We have made a good trade here,” he said. “They were short of food and were grateful for our arrival.”
“This is a terrible place to live,” Esme said. “Do the slaves try to escape?”
“I doubt it,” Soldad said. “There is only the vast Sahara on every side. Where would they flee to?”
“Is the world so desperate for salt as to make this necessary?” Esme persisted.
“I suppose it is,” Soldad said, “as the price of salt rivals the price of gold.”
Esme shook her head. “Might we purchase one of the slaves at least, to give the rest hope?”
Soldad looked at Esme with a sympathetic expression. “I fear not. Their owners live in Siji and the overseers here are not authorized to buy and sell on their owner’s behalf.”
Serafina put her arm around Esme’s shoulders and changed the subject. “How many days travel from here to Timbitu?”
Soldad pursed his lips. “About fourteen days I would estimate, if we are able to cover twenty miles a day.”
“And there will be oases all along the way?” Shalin asked.
“Sometimes the oasis is little more than a spring known to the Tara guides. But every few days we will come to an oasis with date palms as well as water.”
“And we still have food enough for the trip?” Serafina asked.
“Yes, we have enough, though the sand and dust may have tainted some of what we have.” He looked at the camel being fitted with slabs, freshly cut. “The loading is nearly complete. We will leave within the hour if you are ready.”
“We will be ready,” Serafina assured him.
“Did you manage to sleep during the night?” Serafina asked the twins as Soldad left them..
“Off and on,” Esme said. “I will be fine. I am used to my camel’s gait now. I will be able to sleep atop him.”
“And what of you Shalin?” Serafina brushed sand from her daughter’s hair.
“I slept a little. I can tie myself to the saddle’s horn so that I will not fall off if I should happen to fall asleep.”
“Very well,” Serafina said. “Then let us take advantage of this hour’s respite to nap in a salt house. It promises to be a long day.”

An hour later, the three were roused from their nap by Aeros who told them the camels were loaded and food was being passed out while the camels drank their fill of water.
By late morning they were on their way to Timbitu looking out at a vast sea of dunes to the south and a retreating cloud of sand on the western horizon.

Chapter 37

Village of Helsop

Dagon and his family, along with the blacksmiths who had accompanied them to Fernland and back, arrived in Helsop to find their village full of traders.
Deimos, the militia’s second-in-command, rode out to meet the travelers as they entered the village.
“Who are all these people?” Dagon asked.
“All traders from far kingdoms,” Deimos replied. “They have come to put in orders for swords and armor since our stores on hand have been depleted.”
“Do they mean to wait here until their orders are filled?” Dagon asked, still looking around at all the foreign faces.
“Some do. A few of the villagers have been letting out rooms to those who wish to stay. Luckily many have brought grains and dried food to trade. Otherwise we would be out of food by now.”
“How is the fishing of late?” Dagon was worried. He knew what it was like to go hungry.
“The fishing has been good,” Deimos answered. “But we have been eating them as fast as we catch them. Very few are going to the drying racks.”
“And our supply of iron ore? Have we enough to supply our commitment to Henge and also the orders of these foreign traders?”
Deimos shrugged. “For the time being. But we are close to the tipping point. Do you anticipate any dwindling of our supply from Henge?”
“No,” Dagon said, the lines of worry still creasing his forehead. “Blackwell has expanded the dig. We should have an increase soon in the number of ore carts coming from Henge.”
“No need to worry then?” Deimos asked.
“Perhaps not, but there are other changes afoot.”
“I am anxious to hear what was behind this invitation to celebrate one hundred years of Henge’s army,” Deimos said.
Dagon smiled. “Yes, new agreements were made that will most certainly bring changes. Whether for the good or the bad is yet to be seen.”
Deimos nodded. “Change is always a two-edged sword.”

Electra stopped first at the school of medicine to see how her students had fared in her absence.
Coco greeted her and her sons with a screech. “Look who’s here. Look who’s here,” he bellowed.
Isa and the students crowded around Electra and her sons.
“We have missed you,” Isa said. “We have been busy treating traders who have come with various medical complaints. Aching feet and joints, saddle sores, fatigue. So many visitors.”
“We noticed all the activity as soon as we arrived,” Electra said. “Any new students?”
“No,” Isa replied, looking at the students who appeared to be listening closely to the conversation. “Though many traders have asked questions about how we choose applicants to the school.”
Electra smiled. “Did you tell them that we generally accept all who wish to come?”
“No,” Isa smiled in return, “I only said all are encouraged to apply.”
Electra took a deep breath. “I have much news, though some is confidential and I must sort through which is mine to share and which I ought to keep to myself. One bit I believe it’s safe to tell – our craftsmen have been given a job to craft metal sheets to line the cargo hold of Blackwell’s new ship, so they will have work to do.”
Isa laughed. “More work is not a thing to be celebrated just now. Our craftsmen are overwhelmed with work thanks to the strength of the new swords they are producing.”
“I see,” Electra said, realizing she still had not adjusted to this new era of prosperity in Helsop.
“My other news is also of mixed impact. It seems my brother Prince Avor has married a Barburee Princess.”
Isa’s hand flew to cover her mouth, but she quickly removed it to speak. “Do your parents know?”
“Yes,” Electra stated, “and my father is not pleased.”
“What will he do?” Isa asked.
Electra looked at her son Gregor out the corner of her eyes. “Hopefully he will do nothing until we see how this new tie with Barburee works out in practice.”

After a few days back in Helsop, with all the forges going full blast, Electra had settled back into her teaching duties and was no longer thinking about all the events that had taken place in Henge and Fernland. She was surprised when Deimos walked through the door of the school of medicine with an apprehensive expression.
“Deimos, what brings you here? Is someone injured?” Electra asked.
“Not yet,” he said, managing a grin. “I thought you might appreciate some advance warning. Fernland’s royal carriage is on its way here. I believe both your parents are in it.”
Electra was immediately on guard. “Thank you for the warning,” she said. “Could you find Gregor and take him to stay with Dagon at the command post? I would rather he not be here or at the castle when they arrive.”
Deimos smiled and gave a friendly salute. “I will see to it.”
Approaching the dining table where her students were sorting and labeling the herbs they had brought back from yesterday’s trip to the forest, Electra announced, “I believe we will cancel the rest of today’s classes. My parents have come to visit and we may have important matters to discuss.”
The students quickly gathered up their individual collections and departed for their rooms.
Electra took boiling water from a cauldron in the kitchen and poured it over tea leaves into a pot.
She did not have long to wonder what might have precipitated this need for a visit. Within a few minutes she heard the carriage stop at the entrance to the school and went out to meet it.
“Mother, Father, what a nice surprise. You have likely noticed how busy we have become here in Helsop with so many traders come to buy our wares.”
“I did notice,” King Geoffrey said, helping Delphinia down from the carriage. “What is going on here?”
“This new iron ore coming in from Henge has made swords that appear to be stronger than others available around the world. Many have come long distances to place their orders.”
“I should like to see these new swords,” Geoffrey said. “I might like to place an order myself.”
“I am sure Dagon will see to it personally,” Electra said. “I have made tea. Will you come inside?”
Delphinia hugged her daughter. “Electra, you are such a comfort to us. I wish you lived closer. We have had some news and could not wait to share.”
“What news?” Electra asked
“Haddad has returned from his mission to Hormu. He has brought news of the state of things there,” Delphinia said. “And more important than that, he has brought a message from Avor.”
“And Avor’s message?” Electra asked, holding her breath.
Delphinia looked at her husband. “Would you call it good news?” she asked.
“No, I would not.” King Geoffrey scowled. “I would call it disturbing news, disguised as good news. Where is Dagon? I do not want to have to go over everything twice.”

Chapter 38

Village of Helsop

King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia settled themselves at the dining table in Helsop’s school of medicine.
King Geoffrey cleared his throat and Coco the Parrot mimicked the sound exactly.
Queen Delphinia let out a little screech that was half surprise and half laughter. This sound was also repeated exactly by Coco. Geoffrey and Delphinia both laughed.
“That bird has quite an ear,” Geoffrey commented as everyone else around the table relaxed.
Dagon, who had rushed to join them, took a sip of hot tea before asking, “Did Haddad speak to Prince Avor in Taz?”
“I believe you may call him simply Avor from now on, without the title,” Geoffrey huffed. “And the answer is yes. Avor had the effrontery to invite Haddad along on an inspection of the City of Hormu. He even made an agreement with the ship builders of Taz to build him a ship in exchange for some of Hormu’s hard wood.” The king made a snorting sound and everyone looked at Coco to see if the bird would mimic it, but Coco was busy preening his feathers.
“You may as well read them the message, Dear,” Queen Delphinia said to Geoffrey.
“Yes, I may as well,” Geoffrey agreed. He took a scroll from his tunic and unrolled it on the table before him, then began speaking in a clear but angry voice.

To King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia,
My esteemed Father and Mother,
My wife Cogatin and I along with our two sons Altan and Octai have finally been able to take possession of our palace fortress in Hormu City. The siege lasted over a year, but the palace itself was left mostly intact. We are in the process of restoring it. Should you decide to pay us a visit, we will have a fitting place for your stay.
In my new role as Regent I will be in charge of protecting and developing Hormu’s resources. I intend to harvest some of its forests, though they have already been somewhat depleted – nothing like Fernland’s vast pristine forest lands.
One of my first priorities will be to make a survey of what minerals and raw products the land holds in promise. Certainly we are awash in dates and olive oil. Should you wish to established trade with Hormu at some point I could send you a list of our raw and finished products. We would welcome Fernland’s ship, the King Geoffrey at our port city of Hormu.
Though I do not see a time in the near future when I and my family will be free to visit Fernland, we certainly plan to visit when we are more firmly established here. Cogatin and the boys are very anxious to meet you, as am I to see you once again.
I hope your talks in Henge were productive. Please allow me to assist in any way I can from my new residence here in Hormu.
Your loving son, Avor

King Geoffrey rolled the scroll back up, muttering, “Loving son indeed.”
“It could be worse,” Electra opined. “He seems to feel he has done nothing wrong in accepting the regency.”
“No one is that stupid,” Geoffrey declared. “He knows he has committed treason. He only hopes I am too stupid to realize it.”
Dagon raised a hand. “But he does offer the opportunity to treat Hormu as a friendly nation. There may be advantages for Fernland in becoming a trading partner with Hormu.”
“Advantages for him. Advantages for Hormu,” Geoffrey said rather loudly. “Would you allow Helsop to become a trading partner?”
“Certainly not as long as Fernland does not wish to become one,” Dagon assured him. “We are in an alliance now and our first loyalties are to you and Fernland. But if that should change – if you should change your mind about Avor’s motives –” Dagon shrugged.
“I am not likely to change my mind,” Geoffrey said in a cold decisive voice.
Queen Delphinia and Electra shared a pointed glance.
“You have no interest in dates or olive oil?” Electra asked cautiously.
“None,” Geoffrey growled.
Everyone was startled when Coco mimicked the growl.

King Geoffrey and Dagon went out to visit Dorian the Swordmaker to check on the preparations for crafting the metal sheets which would protect the cargo hold of the allies’ new ship.
“How goes the work?” Dagon asked Dorian who was walking around a roped off area beside his forge.
Dorian looked up long enough to glance at his visitors, but was clearly preoccupied with his preparations.
He was inspecting a hard-packed area of sand with a slight slope, shaped to replicate the wooden mold that Haddad had prepared for the Helsop craftsmen. Laid over this curved underbody of sand conforming to the wooden mold were thinly hammered bars of iron
“Have you come to offer suggestions, Your Majesty?” Dorian asked with a tinge of sarcasm.
“Certainly not,” Geoffrey replied. “I expect a craftsman to know his craft. I do appreciate being allowed to view an innovative procedure, however.”
Dorian’s lips turned up in a slight smile. “It’s innovative, I’ll grant you that. Whether it will work or not is another matter.”
Dorian’s son Tandor continued to lay down hammered bars of iron that overlapped slightly at the edges. Some of the thin bars had been newly heated and hammered over the curve of an anvil to reflect the required curve.
“You plan to join the bars in place?” Dagon asked, surprised.
“If it works,” Dorian said. “If not we will rivet them together.”
“How will you reach the pivotal temperature needed to fuse them?” Dagon asked.
“We will add a layer of charcoal, then use the bellows to increase their burn power,” Dorian said. “They should fuse at the edges. We will see.”
“That will result in quite wide sheets,” Geoffrey noted. “Too large for a cart, but perhaps…” He looked toward the school of medicine where his carriage still stood, minus its horses.
“Could you carry the sheets atop your carriage?” Dorian asked, immediately seizing on the monarch’s idea.
“Yes,” Geoffrey said. “We could stay a few days until the sheets are completed. I should like to spend some time with my grandsons.”
“That would be a big help,” Dorian said gratefully as Dagon groaned inwardly.
“Where is Gregor?” Geoffrey asked his son-in-law. “I have not seen him since we arrived.”
That was the idea, Dagon thought to himself. To keep Gregor away from his grandfather who still seemed bent on proclaiming him heir to Fernland’s throne.
“He is off in the forest with Dag,” Dagon said. “He is very set on training his dog Skadi to be a tracker like Dag’s dog Fang.
“Yes,” King Geoffrey said. “I remember hearing that from Electra.” He smiled. “Now that I have committed our carriage to Helsop’s service, we will have time to spend together. Training a dog is good practice for giving orders, I’d venture.”
Dagon took a deep breath. It was going to take a good bit of planning to keep grandfather and grandson apart for several days.

Chapter 39

City of Timbitu

After many thirsty days of rationing water the twins could see the silver thread of the Eger River snaking its way through the desert below. From their vantage point high atop the sand dunes of the Sahara they had a very different view of the city of Timbitu on this, their second visit to the fabled center of trade.
Two years before, when they had entered the city from the south, they were almost upon it before the sun-bleached walls and buildings came into view. Entering now from the north it seemed an unlikely outpost in the middle of a vast ocean of sand, viable only because of the life-giving river which curved around it.

Three days later, their caravan finally reached the gates of Timbitu’s huge caravansary. Their Tara guides left immediately to visit relatives living in the city, their mission as guides through the desert accomplished.
Serafina asked Soldad where he and his crew members would be staying.
“Here in the caravansary,” Soldad replied. “I will go to arrange the trade of salt for gold while my men watch over our animals and stores.”
“We will likely stay in the rooms above the city as we did before,” Serafina said.
Esme was immediately on guard at hearing this. It was likely only superstitious thinking, but those rooms were where her mother had come down with malaria.
Shalin was also uncomfortable with that decision. She did not wish to be staying so far from Soldad. She had hoped they might explore the city together.
Serafina continued. “I wish to go first to visit Timti and thank her for the gifts she sent and ask about the possibility of further study in her library.”
Soldad smiled. “If you really wish to stay in your former lodging, you should rent the rooms before visiting Timti. Otherwise she will insist that you stay with her. The tradition of offering hospitality to friends and relatives runs deep here. Indeed, even strangers who ask for sanctuary may not be turned away at the doorstep.”
“Thank you for that information,” Serafina said. “I did not know.”
Soldad shrugged. “We learn as we go.”
Shalin waved a tentative goodbye to Soldad as she, her sister and her mother started up the hill toward Timti’s house.
“I think we should stay with Timti,” Esme said as they walked along the path leading up the hill.
Serafina glanced at her daughter. “You have become interested in what libraries have to offer?”
Esme frowned at the thought. “I did like the book Timti sent on animals of Africa,” she reminded her mother.
“I agree with Esme,” Shalin stated. “It would make our research so much more convenient.”
“As it happens, I agree as well,” Serafina said. “But we must not assume such an invitation will be given, in spite of Soldad’s assurances.”

The three approached Timti’s house and stopped to speak to the blue-veiled guard who stood outside the gate. He may have been someone they knew from their last visit, but with only his eyes showing above his blue veil, they could not tell.
Serafina pointed to herself and said “Serafina.” Then she pointed to the twins and said, “Esme, Shalin.” Then she pointed to the house and said “Timti – friend.”
The guard nodded and went through the gate into the house leaving them waiting outside the gate.
The guard returned a few minutes later followed by a smiling Timti. She was dressed in an orange silk tunic under a heavily embroidered sleeveless mantel of blue orange and yellow threads.
“You have returned as promised,” Timti exclaimed throwing her arms out wide, followed by hugs for all three visitors.
Shalin could not remember if they had actually promised they would return, though she knew she had certainly wanted to return and avail herself of Timti’s vast collection of scrolls and codices.
“Please, you must come in and tell me what happy circumstance has brought you back to our city. I am not so vain as to believe you have come so far over treacherous trails only to see me.”
Timti stopped to look more closely at her guests when they reached the room filled with colorful cushions. “Serafina, you seem as when I first met you, not as when you left, weakened and pale from the malaria that struck you here. You are completely recovered?”
“Yes,” Serafina replied. “I had a relapse before leaving Africa, but since then I have remained free of symptoms.”
“Good,” Timti said, turning her attention to the twins. “And you two are much changed. You have become young ladies. How many years have you now?”
Shalin and Esme looked at one another, realizing they had lost track of days and dates. Had they turned fourteen as yet?
Serafina answered for them. “They will turn fourteen in a fortnight.”
Timti raised one hand high. “If you are still here in a fortnight we will have a celebration. Even if you cannot stay so long, we will celebrate early. Now, please sit and be comfortable.” She ruffled the swinging columns of a bronze chime hanging from the ceiling and a series of metallic notes filled the air. “We will have refreshments and you will tell me of your travels.”
“We came because an opportunity availed itself,” Serafina began. “A young trader called Soldad de Medich visited us in Henge.”
“Soldad de Medich,” Timti repeated. “I have heard of him. My cousin brother has acted as guide for him on one of his visits here. He always comes to buy gold.”
“Yes, he buys for his Emperor who has a mint in Constantinople,” Serafina explained.
“Ah, now his lust for the yellow ore makes sense. He has a reputation as a crafty, but honest trader.”
“Why crafty?” Esme asked, earning a severe look from Serafina.
Timti smiled. “He tries to buy only from the source to cut out the middleman and save money. Since we Tara people are largely a service industry, we prefer not to be cut out.”
“He did hire Tara guides to lead us here,” Shalin said in his defense.
Timti nodded. “Sometimes our services are more a necessity than a luxury.”
Serafina took up her account. “Soldad offered to take us to Constantinople where we might study at the Imperial Library there in the city he calls home.”
Timti raised her eyebrows. “The Imperial Library. I have heard of it. Perhaps one day I shall go myself.”
Serafina nodded. “Yes, we had a tour of it on our last visit there, but were not allowed access to its materials. Soldad assures us we will be welcomed this time.”
“I see,” Timti said, with a curious expression. “This trader seems anxious to be of service to you. I am sure there is a story there.”
Serafina did not affirm this statement but continued with the circumstances of their visit. “It happened that he had promised his Emperor more gold on his return to Constantinople so we were offered the opportunity to accompany him on this detour to Timbitu before going on to Constantinople.”
“So you have come this time from the north across the vast Sahara to Timbitu?”
Serafina nodded. “We could not pass up an opportunity to visit you and, of course, to revisit your vast library.”
Timti placed a hand over her heart. “I am honored. And now you are here you must stay with me. I hope you have not made other arrangements.”
“Not as yet,” Serafina affirmed. “We wanted to come here first to see you.”
“As you should,” Timti said as a servant entered with a tray loaded with food and drinks.

Chapter 40

City of Timbitu

As Serafina, Shalin and Esme settled in at Timti’s luxurious dwelling, Soldad de Medich assigned the care of his rented camels to his crew members and left to begin trading in Timbitu’s huge marketplace – salt for gold.
He quickly found the owner of a large caravan newly arrived from the gold fields of Western Africa.
“I have salt to trade for gold,” he told the trader.
“How much salt?” The trader asked.
“I have twenty-five camels with slabs on either side, six feet in length.”
The trader did some calculations in his head. “I have gold dust – some nuggets as well – from the Wagadu region. Very good quality.” He emptied a sack of gold dust into a bowl and handed Soldad another cloth sack full of nuggets for his inspection.
Soldad saw that the trader had two more barrels full of the cloth sacks – a veritable gold mine. He looked around and noted that several men who at first glance had appeared to be market customers were watching this transaction closely. Guards, no doubt.
He smiled at the gold trader. “Would you or a few of your men care to accompany me to the caravansary to inspect my salt slabs? I believe we might come to an agreement.”
The gold trader lifted his chin in the direction of two men who stood close by. They were large, very dark-skinned men in white robes and turbines who quickly returned answering nods.
“Soldad leaned in closer. “Please do not sell your gold before we return and I can make my offer,” Soldad asked respectfully.
The gold seller smiled. “Do not be gone too long.”

Serafina sat at a table in Timti’s library. They had spent a comfortable night on down-filled mattresses and consumed a large breakfast in Timti’s open-air courtyard.
Timti stood at her bookshelves, searching through titles that included some Greek authors.
“I must confess I have never heard of this Greek fire you speak of. Nor do I have much on ancient sea battles. But I do have a new collection that includes some writings by ancient Greek philosophers and inventors.” She pulled out several books.
“I acquired this library at a very good price from an old patrician family that died out finally in Tangier.”
Shalin could see in Timti’s mind that it was a very good price indeed. In fact it was free. The new owners of the mansion had wanted their property cleaned and cleared and Timti’s relatives had taken on the job, preserving the contents of the library to be brought to Timbitu.
“Yes,” Timti continued as she leafed through several of the codices, “these appear to be written in Greek. I know a little Greek but I am sure yours is better. You will do me the favor of telling me what information they contain.”
“Most assuredly,” Serafina said, handing one codex to Shalin and opening another in front of her.
Esme took a third manuscript reluctantly. “I know some Greek, but am not a scholar,” she admitted. “I may be able to make out the gist of what is written.”
“Then I will leave the three of you to your research,” Timti said with a bright smile. “I will see you for lunch and you can bring me up to date on what you have found.”
“We are so grateful for this opportunity,” Shalin said, taking in the whole of the library as she turned slowly.
Timti laughed. “You are a researcher after my own heart.”

After an hour of reading and flipping through pages of philosophy, Esme looked up tentatively. “I believe this book mentions the creation of a weapon used to fend off an attack on Syracuse.”
“What was the weapon?” Serafina asked.
“There are too many words unfamiliar to me. But it was used to set attacking ships afire,” Esme said hesitantly.
Shalin had been sidetracked by a book which noted the works of Ptolemy and had abandoned her assignment to research Greek Fire and instead was hungrily absorbing the theories of Ptolemy.
Esme handed her scroll to her mother, hoping to be released from her difficult translation duties.
Serafina nodded as she translated aloud. “It is a long tube that launches a projectile using only heat and water, designed by the famous inventor, Archimedes. She continued to read silently, nodding as her eyes filled with excitement.
Serafina looked up, finally, and spoke to her two daughters. “This is not the formula for Greek Fire, but I believe it is a description of the delivery system used to send out the incendiary material.”
Serafina smiled at Esme. “You have done well, Esme. We can build this system into our new ship. Then I can continue to research the ingredients of the incendiary materials or experiment with my own creations.”
Esme blushed, almost embarrassed to have been the one to make the discovery. “Are we done then? Might we go to spend some time in the market or the caravansary?”
“Yes, you may both do as you please. I will be busy here until lunch making notes and copying diagrams of this delivery system to send back to your father.” Serafina immediately went back to studying the codices and scrolls before her.
Shalin was torn. She desperately wanted to stay and study more books from the library, but she also wanted to find Soldad and see what he was up to in the marketplace.
Come with me, Esme begged silently. I know you want to find Soldad and follow his negotiations in the market.
Shalin gave a last desperate look at the room full of scrolls and books before following her sister out of the room.

Once clear of the large compound Timti called home, Esme turned to her twin.
“We should check first at the caravansary to see if Soldad is still there.”
Shalin frowned. “You just want to see the elephants in the caravansary,” she accused.
“Yes, but it is also true that Soldad may be there,” Esme argued.
“All right, but if he is not, we will go next to the book section of the marketplace,” Shalin demanded.
“Agreed,” Esme said, taking off at a jog.

They did find Soldad at the caravansary along with two large white-robed traders who were busy testing the slabs that had been unloaded and piled neatly beside their rented camels.
“Ah, you have returned,” Soldad said. “This is good. I believe I will soon be in possession of what we have come for. We will likely be able to leave this very afternoon.”
“So soon?” Shalin asked in a voice laced with panic. Her dreams of time spent in Timti’s library were suddenly in jeopardy.
“Yes, we must deliver our new gold to the Emperor as soon as possible. Are you not anxious to peruse the Imperial Library in Constantinople?”
Shalin took a deep steadying breath. “Yes, I suppose I am.” She was surprised to find an equal sadness nesting in her sister’s mind.
Shalin smiled when she read the reason for the sadness in her twin’s thoughts. I suppose this means no name day celebration for us in Timbitu.

Chapter 41

Kingdom of Hormu

Regent Avor, Cogatin, Altan and Octai followed Commander Gauzorig into the palace fortress of Hormu as he pointed out areas that had caught fire or been damaged during the fighting.
“They were forced to surrender when they ran out of water,” the commander stated in a matter-of-fact tone, “but some damage was done by catapult or exploding arrows.”
“I must check to see if our valuables survived in their hiding place,” Cogatin said.
She led them to what had been the royal family’s suite of rooms – though the expensive furnishings had been ruined in the Persian assault.
A huge bed had been pulled from the wall and a large empty hole exposed.
Cogatin sighed. “They found the hiding place.”
“No matter,” Avor said. “They likely hid the treasure somewhere else within the palace for their own use. It will turn up.”
The commander shrugged. “We saw the hole and questioned those still alive, but got no information.”
Avor did not want to put his thoughts on that subject. He knew the way Barburee conquests worked. As soon as the battle was won, the conquered leaders and rulers were executed. Those who had value as craftsmen or engineers were given a choice – join Barburee or die. Most chose to live.
“I should like to question those who have some knowledge of forestry and lumber.” Avor’s eyes focused on the commander. “I assume some have joined our ranks?”
Commander Gauzorig frowned. “Some have, but I would not trust them. Those who live outside the fortress on their farms still live. But we suspect many of them provided food and information to those Persian soldiers who escaped to the hills when Barbaree invaded the first time.” 
“Yes,” Avor said, nodding. “I am sure you are correct. Nevertheless, I have need of one with knowledge of Hormu’s resources. These resources will be my responsibility until Prince Altan comes of age.”
“I will see to it,” Gauzorig said. “For the time being, there are rooms in the west wing that are relatively intact. You may want to use those rooms until repairs can be made here.”
“Thank you,” Avor said.
“Yes, thank you, Commander,” Queen Cogatin said, standing close to Avor. “I should like to hire some staff for the palace, though we may not be able to pay them until trade resumes.”
“I will send some from the camp who can be trusted,” Gauzorig said. He made a short bow before leaving.
Cogatin shook her head. “It is not the same palace I remember.”
Avor took in the ruined carpets and draperies – torn, overlaid with dirt and refuse. The bed had been ripped apart and the furniture broken up for firewood.
“Shall we choose rooms from those less cluttered?” he asked. “Or we could take up temporary residence outside the palace.”
“No, I believe it is important that we remain in the palace,” Cogatin said after a moment’s consideration. “It is expected.”
They continued on their tour of the palace, noting areas that needed work beyond cleaning and decided on the same series of rooms that Gauzorig had suggested – the west wing of the castle that looked down over the river.
“I will show you the throne room,” Cogatin said. “They may have left it intact as we did after our first conquest of Hormu.”
Cogatin opened the door of the throne room and found it vacant of furnishings and thrones alike. “The soldiers must have cleaned it up,” she said. “Whatever its state after the fighting the night the Persians seized it, our army did not want us to view it on our return.”
Avor nodded. “Just as well. I will bring in chairs and a table to conduct my interviews. Do you wish to interview those the commander sends over to staff the palace?”
“No, I trust his judgment. They will be those he knows from camp.” Cogatin smiled. “Perhaps if they arrive with food we will even have a meal.”
Avor returned her smile. “A meal would make a good start.”

Later that day, a Persian engineer stood before Avor in the largely vacant throne room.
“Do you speak the Barburee tongue?” Avor asked.
The man nodded, looking at Avor with undisguised curiosity. “We were required to learn it when Barburee first conquered our city,” he said politely.
“Of course. I am familiar with the requirements of joining the Barburee ranks,” Avor said.
“Your native country was also overtaken by Barburee?” the man asked.
“No, I was a friend of one in the Great Khan’s family,” Avor said, knowing that must sound a strange reason for joining the Barburee Army.
“And now you are made King of Hormu?” the man asked.
“I am Regent to the Crown Prince Altan,” Avor corrected. “Husband of Queen Cogatin.”
The man nodded but still appeared mystified.
“And your name and title?” Avor asked.
“I am Hashem, formerly Chief of Forestry and now a servant of the Great Khan with no title but with similar responsibilities.”
“And what are those responsibilities?” Avor asked.
“I keep what forests remain free of poachers and provide wood for the use of the Great Khan and his army.”
“These forests were formerly owned by the Persian rulers?”
“Yes,” Hashem said.
“And what demands have been made on your forests since that Great Khan prevailed in battle?”
“Since then, the forests have been used to provide wood for army campfires and for lumber used in the building of the Great Khan’s fleet of ships.”
Avor sighed. Haddad had not mentioned that fact. No wonder he knew which woods were available here in Hormu. “And these woods – oak and ash, I believe, which are good for shipbuilding – have we any of those trees remaining?”
“Yes,” Hashem replied. “We still have plentiful stocks remaining.”
Avor let out a breath he did not realize he had been holding. “I see. Enough for six ships of medium size?”
Hashem smiled. “Yes, of course.”
Avor realized they were both still standing. “Let us each take a seat. I have a few other matters you may be able to advise me on.”
Hashem waited until Avor took a seat at the small table brought in from the kitchen, then took a chair opposite.
Avor took out a small scroll, quill and ink pot from a valise beneath the table. “I should like to make a list of Hormu’s resources – what we have in abundance and what we have in numbers adequate for the populace. I will need another list of what goods are typically imported and which are very dear due to scarcity.”
Hashem nodded. “Yes, I can make such lists readily available, or I can tell you now what resources we have.”
“Let us begin with what you know,” Avor said. “It appears you are the person I need to advise me.”
Hashem spread his arms wide. “I am at your service, Your Regency.”

Chapter 42

Oasis of Ozazate

The Oasis of Ozazate, a small jewel of delicate palms fringing a blue waterway, was a wonderful sight to behold. With a backdrop of the Atlas Mountains and a front porch of Sahara sand dunes it stood resolutely between the two.
“The houses look as though they grew up from the dirt around them,” Shalin noted.
“They likely did,” Serafina said, looking at the small grouping of clay-colored houses. “The blocks that formed them are made of the mud around them, with a little straw mixed in.”
“I hope the water is sweet here,” Esme said, “my camel is thirsty.”

Their Tara guide signaled a halt at the entrance to the oasis. The camels knelt one by one and their weary riders slid off the camels’ humps.
After dismounting, Soldad joined the women. “We will stay here a day or two before turning east to Siji where we will return our rented camels and join a new caravan headed back to Tangier. You are happy to be leaving the Sahara behind?”
“The desert is quite beautiful in its way,” Shalin said, “but I look forward to visiting more populous regions.”
“I look forward to more populous regions as well,” Esme said. “But the populations I seek are some of the larger African animals.”
Serafina did not answer Soldad’s question, but asked one of her own. “Is it usual to find horses such as those in the Sahara?”
Soldad followed her gaze and his face lit up. “Arabians. Such beautiful animals. And the answer is yes. The desert people have bred these horses for generations. The Arabians are well adapted to the desert. They have strong bones and great endurance. Very intelligent beasts.”
“May we approach them?” Esme asked. She was standing on tip toes the better to see them.
“Certainly,” Soldad said. “They are very sweet-natured horses. Allow me to ask permission from their owners.”

Soldad hailed the Bedouin horse breeders with a wave. He spoke to them in their tongue for a few moments before returning to the women.
“They say we may ride them if we like. They are taking them west to Asfi to sell. Some will be shipped to Granada.”
“Asfi is a port city?” Serafina asked.
Soldad nodded as he spoke. “Yes, it is a major port on the west coast of Africa.”
Serafina rummaged through a satchel draped over her shoulder. “I should like to send along a message to be delivered to my husband in Henge. Do you think they would carry a message to Asfi for me?”
“I am sure they would be happy to do so for a small fee,” Soldad said, smiling.
“I shall go now to find a flat surface to compose my message,” Serafina stated. She looked at the twins. “You may ride the Arabians if you wish, but that is all.” She directed a pointed gaze in Esme’s direction. “There will be no purchasing of a horse.”
Esme pursed her lips and looked away from her mother’s stare.
Shalin rubbed her hips which were still stiff from so many days atop a camel. She did not really want to mount a horse but knew her sister could not be trusted when it came to animals. “How considerate of the Bedouins,” she said, “to trust us with such magnificent animals.”
“We will not ride far,” Soldad assured the twins. “Just a short way into the desert to a place I know and believe you would find interesting.”
“Why not go into the hills beyond the oasis?” Esme asked.
“The Bedouin are desert trackers,” Soldad said. “They will feel more comfortable if we head into the desert.”
The herd of thirty horses had gathered around the sump of the oasis, wading in the cool water and nibbling dates that had fallen to the ground. Most of the horses were a rich chestnut color but there were a number of pure black ones as well.
Esme chose her favorite quickly, a chestnut mare who nudged Esme’s cheek with her muzzle.
Shalin chose a black mare that looked at her with large soulful eyes.
Soldad gave each twin a lift onto the horses, cupping his hands to provide a foothold. Then he chose a chestnut stallion for himself and flung himself onto its back with a handful of black mane to anchor him.
The Bedouins laughed and waved as the three rode into the desert.
They gave their horses their freedom to choose a gait that suited their spirited nature with the stallion leading the way.
“I love my horse,” Esme shouted gleefully.
“It is not your horse,” Shalin shouted back.
“I think she would like to be my horse,” Esme murmured.
Shalin saw the murmured thought in her sister’s mind. Your horse belongs to the Bedouins. It is not the mare’s decision either. She relayed the thought to her sister’s mind.
“It should be,” Esme shouted back.
Soldad slowed his horse and looked back at Esme. “Should be what?” he asked.
“Never mind,” Esme said as her own horse slowed behind the stallion.

An hour later they reached a low area in the desert floor where rocks broke through the shallow layers of sand.
Soldad reined in his stallion and the two mares slowed behind him.
“I believe this is the area I seek,” Soldad said as he dismounted. “Though the shifting sands continually change the landscape.”
Shalin and Esme dismounted and Esme gave each horse a bit of fruit to keep them interested and close by.
The three began to walk among the half-buried rocks that had been sculpted into fearsome shapes by the desert winds.
“What are we looking for?” Esme asked.
“The opening to a cave,” Soldad said. “I brought along some torches if we are lucky enough to find it.”
Shalin stopped suddenly, feeling a cool draft on her left side. She examined the clustered rocks beside her more carefully and began to brush away the sand piled up between them. “I feel a breeze,” she said.
Soldad and Esme came to help and soon they had cleared the shallow opening of the cave.
“This is it,” Soldad said. “I did not have time to explore it when last I visited.”
He made a small pile of straw and set it aflame with a flint. Then he turned the three torches he had brought over the flame until the fire took hold.
They slid down the slanted incline of the cave’s opening, each one holding a lit torch aloft.
The floor of the cave held a thin layer of sand near the opening but soon gave way to a hard rock surface. Pristine white pillars of calcite reflected the light of their torches.
They walked past stalactites and stalagmites through a narrow opening to a second larger chamber of the cave. This chamber was full of wall paintings.
“Look,” Shalin said, moving her torch close to the wall. “Paintings of hunters.” The small black stick figures were shown holding shields or carrying spears.
“Giraffes,” Esme said, holding her torch close to a section of wall depicting long- necked spotted animals.
“Do you suppose people once hunted giraffes here in the desert?” Shalin asked.
Soldad shrugged. “Old walls and remnants of houses suggest the Sahara was not always a desert,” he said. “The Bedouins have reported seeing such remains in their travels.”
“Ancient buried cities,” Shalin declared, her eyes ablaze in the torchlight. “Just what I hoped to find.”
Soldad laughed. “We may have only found a place where hunters took refuge. But it is interesting, no?”
“I would call it captivating,” Shalin replied.
“Yes,” Soldad agreed. “I wish we could spend more time here, but it would not do to worry our Bedouin benefactors. We should probably start back before they begin to worry.”
The twins were a little disappointed, but agreed with his decision.
They found their horses still close to the cave opening and Esme rewarded them with more pieces of fruit. They returned to Ozazate at a gallop.

When they reached the oasis, Serafina was waiting near the herd of Arabian horses. She held a rolled-up scroll in one hand.
“How was your ride?” Serafina asked.
“This is a wonderful horse,” Esme said. “I would wager Father would like one for himself. Perhaps we should send this one along with the message you have written.”
“Perhaps another time,” Serafina said. She shifted her attention to Soldad. “Would you ask the Bedouins to send this off as soon as possible when they reach Asfi?” She took a silver coin from her tunic pocket and placed it in Soldad’s hand.
“I will go at once to return the horses and tender your request,” he said with a short bow.
Serafina turned to the twins. “Happy Birthday,” she said.
“It is today?” Shalin asked, having lost count of the days.
“We are fourteen years old now?” Esme asked, grinning.
“You are, indeed,” their mother said. “Perhaps you would like to choose a gift from the marketplace?”
“I know what I want,” Esme said, with a determined expression.
“No horses,” Serafina replied.

Chapter 43

Village of Helsop

Princess Electra and her family, along with King Geoffrey and Queen Delphinia, sat at the castle’s dining table, finishing a breakfast of fish and eggs.
“The metal sheets are finished,” Dagon told his father-in-law Geoffrey. “They will be ready to leave whenever you are.”
Electra gave her husband a scolding glance. King Geoffrey had said nothing about wanting to leave soon and she felt her husband’s remark bordered on being rude.
“I promised young Gregor I would go into the forest with him today to watch him put his dog Skadi through her paces,” Geoffrey said, seemingly unfazed by Dagon’s remark.
Dagon groaned inwardly. He had been successful in keeping the two apart for several days, but now it appeared his efforts had failed. “Is that so?” he said. “Perhaps I should go as well. I have not seen Skadi in action for quite some time.”
“Dag is coming, too,” Gregor encouraged. “He is bringing Fang. But this will be Skadi’s turn to try to track Soren by smell from his shirt.” Gregor lowered his voice to a whisper. “Soren plans to run through a creek and then climb a tree to make it harder.”
Electra looked at her younger son. “You must be careful climbing a tree. Do not go up too high.”
“I will only go just high enough,” Soren promised.
“We will give him an hour’s head start,” Gregor said.
“You must let Dag go with Soren in case Skadi does not find him,” Electra ordered.
“No, Mother,” Gregor said, seemingly appalled at the suggestion. “Fang would go with Dag and that would make it too easy for Skadi.”
“Perhaps King Geoffrey could stay with Soren,” Dagon said hopefully.
Geoffrey shook his head. “I promised to stay with Skadi to watch how good a tracker she has become.”
“You could stay with me, Papa,” Soren offered. “But you would have to climb the tree, too. Otherwise Skadi would see you.”
Dagon frowned. “I will go with you to see which tree you choose and then come back so that I can watch Skadi as well,” he said.
“That should work,” Gregor said, excited by the day’s upcoming events.
As the men and boys filed out of the castle’s kitchen, Electra filled the teapot with hot water for a second cup of tea. Her mother Delphinia stood at the door waving goodbye to her grandsons.
“Come and sit, Mother,” Electra said. “I have made more tea.”
Delphinia returned to the table with a sigh. “They are growing up so fast. I wish you all lived closer to Fernland.”
“Yes,” Electra agreed. “The boys seemed excited to have their grandfather’s attention.”
Delphinia nodded. “I believe Geoffrey is serious about wanting to make Gregor Fernland’s Crown Prince.”
“I know,” Electra said, “but we will not let that happen.”
“How can we stop it? It is Geoffrey’s right to name a successor to the throne.”
“We will find a way to reunite him with Avor,” Electra insisted.
“I am no longer certain Avor wants to be Fernland’s king.”
“He has no choice,” Electra said stubbornly. “It is his obligation. An obligation that came with his birth.”
“But he has new obligations now. A new family,” Delphinia said with a sad face.
“I do not believe Dagon will allow Gregor to be named Crown Prince of Fernland. He believes his son’s loyalty should be to Helsop,” Electra said quietly.
Delphinia looked up at her daughter. “I had not considered that,” she said, nodding slowly. “But of course he would feel that way.”
“I am glad you understand,” Electra said. “We must devise a plan to lure Avor back to Fernland.”
“Yes. We must,” Delphinia agreed.

Dagon, Gregor, Soren, Skadi and Geoffrey met up with Dag and his dog Fang in the castle courtyard.
Dagon handed Soren’s undershirt to Dag. “Soren and I will run a half hour into the forest and then I will return and we can give Skadi the undershirt to smell,” he said.
“Good,” Dag said. “I believe Skadi is ready for this assignment.”
Dagon bent down close to Dag’s ear and whispered, “Try to keep the conversation focused on the dogs.”
Dag looked puzzled but nodded to show he heard and understood the order from his militia commander.
As soon as Dagon and Soren left, Dag looked at Gregor. “Have you shown your grandfather how Skadi obeys your commands?” he asked.
Gregor shook his head. “Would you like to see Skadi’s best skill?” he asked his grandfather.
“I would like very much to see that,” Geoffrey said.
Gregor stood very straight and caught his dog’s attention by ruffling her coat.
“Skadi, sneak!” he ordered.
Skadi immediately lowered her body to the ground and began to pull herself forward with her paws.
King Geoffrey laughed and clapped. “That tone of voice will serve you well when you become King of Fernland.”
Before the confused boy could form a response, Dag had a sudden understanding of his commander’s dilemma. “Why don’t you try giving Skadi the command to stay while you run ahead a little,” he told Gregor. “Let us see if she remembers that command as well.”
Gregor nodded and clapped his hands to bring Skadi back from her ‘sneak.’ He pointed to the ground and said loudly, “Stay!”
Gregor walked away slowly and Skadi stayed rooted to her spot.
“Run ahead a little more,” Dag urged. “Let’s see if she will keep the command.”
Skadi whimpered a bit as her master ran ahead, but she did not move.

Dagon and Soren entered the forest and ran for a few minutes until Soren began to tire.
“I have an idea that will make this more of a test,” Dagon said. “I will pick you up and carry you so Skadi will not be able to smell your feet.”
“But that might make it too hard,” Soren argued. “I want Skadi to succeed.”
“I think she may be smarter then you realize,” Dagon said. He picked up his son and took off at top speed. A few minutes later he sat his son on a low branch in a fir tree.
“Now, you stay hidden there among the branches and I will go back to start the trial. All right?”
“All right,” Soren said, giggling.

Dagon took off running as fast as he could, back to the castle courtyard, hoping he had not been gone too long. He did not want his young son Gregor burdened at his age with the thought of becoming Fernland’s future king.

Chapter 44

City of Siji

The rented caravan of camels that had started out from Siji many weeks ago was now returning to Siji after visiting the salt flats, Timbitu and finally the Oasis of Ozazate. Here, Soldad de Medich would return his leased animals and find a new caravan to join – a caravan on its way back to Tangier where his ship waited at anchor in Tangier’s harbor.
Shalin and Esme looked at the high walls of Siji as they approached the western gate. Soon they would be out of the desert heat and on their way over the much cooler Atlas Mountains.
Esme sent a thought to her sister’s mind. I hope we find a caravan with a few people who speak English. I grow weary of never knowing what people are saying.
Shalin laughed. She agreed that it was inconvenient always having to rely on a translator to provide information, but she also knew that her sister made very little effort to learn anyone else’s language. Yes, a caravan made up of traders from Henge would be a welcome sight, she relayed back to Esme.
Esme made no replied to that, knowing such a hope was futile. There were few traders in Henge, with the possible exception of the Gypsy camp. The world came to Henge – not vice versa.

The group moved on to Siji’s caravansary where the camel pullers finally ordered the beasts to kneel down. Esme and Shalin slid off their camels’ humps now with ease. They had become adept at desert travel.
Soldad stood at the front of the line of camels conversing with his Tara guide. The two walked off together further into the interior of the huge caravansary.
Serafina joined the twins. Shalin could see that Esme was observing their mother with her predictable visual checklist, looking for any signs of malaria – a yellow cast over the skin, a feverish sparkle in the eyes, a fatigued posture, an erratic gait.
Such an inspection was not lost on Serafina. “I assure you I am quite well,” she told Esme. “I believe we will have a short sojourn here. Soldad appears to be wasting no time in securing a place for us on a new caravan heading north to Tangier.”
“The caravansary appears to be quite crowded,” Shalin noted, looking around at the multitude of camels and horses surrounding them. “Perhaps this time we will be part of a very large one.”
Serafina shrugged. “It matters little to me. I hope to reach Constantinople without further delays. Now that we have discovered the delivery system for Greek fire, I need to research possible substances for the explosive mixture of chemicals that goes into the delivery system as quickly as possible.”
“Will you experiment with different mixtures of explosives when we reach Constantinople?” Shalin asked, her voice tinged with a hint of anxiety.
“Yes, of course; such mixtures will need to be tested,” Serafina confirmed.
Before Shalin could question her mother further about this dangerous prospect, Soldad ran up to join them.
“Good, I have found you before you drifted off to the marketplace.” He took a moment to catch his breath. “I have found a caravan leaving immediately for Tangier. They are on their way back to Persia. I had hoped to at least have time for a rest and a meal here in Siji, but they have offered a good price and have made the journey before. I believe we should take advantage of their offer.”
Esme groaned inwardly, but did not express her irritation. Shalin mirrored her sister’s feelings.
Serafina nodded to Soldad. “I, too, am anxious to be on my way to Constantinople.”
Soldad smiled his glorious smile. “Excellent! Follow me, and I will introduce you to our new caravan master. Is this the entirety of your luggage?”
Serafina nodded as  they picked up the valises they had just unloaded and followed Soldad deeper into the caravansary.

Shalin and Esme kept pace with Soldad, dodging moving lines of camels and donkeys, edging around stacks of goods ready for loading and meeting the surprised expressions of travelers on seeing two girls who looked exactly alike. The stench of so many people and animals crammed together was almost overwhelming.
Soldad stopped at an alcove where many cages were stacked against a wall and others were being loaded onto the backs of camels.
Esme’s mouth fell open as she viewed the animals inside the cages. There were monkeys, chimpanzees, lemurs, various colorful birds and reptiles engaged in a riot of screeching, howling and angry lurching from within the cages.
“Why are all these animals in cages?” Esme gasped out.
“They are on their way to a private zoo in Persia,” Soldad explained. “A very wealthy Shah lives there and he has a love of animals, I am told.”
“I would not call this love,” Esme murmured in a barely audible voice.
Shalin was immediately on guard as the enormity of her sister’s thoughts rushed into her mind. Do not say anything we will all live to regret, she warned her sister. We will speak of this later in a rational way.
I could free them all with a few well-placed actions, Esme replied. I could make it appear to be an earth tremor.
You would only put us all in danger. The larger animals would attack anyone who stood in their way and would be killed in turn by those armed with bows and arrows.
Esme saw the truth in Shalin’s warning and took control of her feelings. Rest easy sister, I will not do anything. At least not yet.
Shalin sighed with relief. She noticed Soldad was watching the series of expressions play out on her face. She smiled what she hoped was an expression of tranquility. “It is quite surprising to see such a collection of animals all together in one place, no?”
“Yes,” Soldad agreed. “I expected Esme would be pleased to encounter such a collection with her background in animal medicine.” He looked at Esme’s flushed face with concern.
“I believe she is stunned to encounter such a display. No doubt she will be invaluable to the caravan owners should any of the animals need medical attention on our trek through the mountains.”
Soldad gave one last thoughtful look in Esme’s direction before turning back to his duties in organizing their inclusion into the Persian caravan.

Chapter 45

Kingdom of Fernland

Fernland’s royal carriage arrived at the castle covered in metal sheets that would soon be attached to a ship’s cargo area. Several of Henge’s blacksmiths, including the now world-famous Dorian the Sword Maker, had made the trip along with Dagon and his family. They wanted to make sure the job was done correctly and would not trust it to the shipbuilders’ hands.
Electra was anxious to exit the carriage. It had been a claustrophobic ride with all the carriage windows covered by sheet-metal.
Dagon had chosen to ride beside the carriage on a horse as had the several blacksmiths. He had also allowed Gregor and Soren to ride along beside him, mostly because he did not want Gregor to ride in the carriage with King Geoffrey. When Gregor had mentioned King Geoffrey’s remark about him having a commanding voice that would serve him well when he became king of Fernland, Dagon had laughed and told his son that his grandfather was likely making a joke.
As soon as the metal sheets were removed from the outside of the carriage, Electra jumped down and hugged her two sons. “You did well, riding such a long way. Was it difficult?”
“No, it was fun,” Gregor said. “We saw a bear and two bear cubs coming down a hill.”
Electra looked at Dagon a little anxiously.
“The bear was some distance away. There was no danger.”
Electra smiled. “How exciting. I wish I could have seen it, but our windows were blocked.”
Delphinia came to stand beside her daughter, stretching her back and moving her neck from side to side. “It is good to be home, especially since you are all come home along with us. As soon as you have all unpacked we will have a tea. No doubt you are all famished.”
Dagon smiled. “I know I am.”
Gregor and Soren nodded their agreement.
They all hurried to untie the bundles that hung from their saddles with the promise of food on their minds.

At the table after a hearty tea of poultry, bread and cheese, Dagon announced that he would soon be leaving for King’s Lake along with Gregor and Soren to watch the installation of the metal sheets into the new ship’s cargo hold.
King Geoffrey frowned. “With Dorian there I hardly think they will need your supervision.”
“You are certainly correct about that,” Dagon agreed. “I would never presume to advise Dorian about his work. But we are tool makers in Helsop and this is a thing Gregor and Soren have not seen before. It will be instructive for them.”
King Geoffrey was quiet for a moment. “Yes, instructive. Along those lines, I would like Gregor to sit in on my court date tomorrow. That could also prove instructive.” Geoffrey looked at his grandson. “Would you like to sit beside me while I hold court tomorrow? Perhaps offer your opinion on my judgments?”
Gregor looked at his father with some excitement in his eyes. “Could I?” he asked.
Dagon gave a silent sigh. “Yes, you could if you would like. I could come as well.”
Gregor smiled. “Thank you, Grandfather.”
King Geoffrey returned his smile. “The pleasure is all mine.” He stood up. “I must go and compose a message to Prince Blackwell. I will inform him that our new ship will soon be finished and ready to launch. I suppose Phinn and his acting troupe should be summoned as well. They may now take possession of the Prince Avor.”
Queen Delphinia’s eyes lit up. “Yes, they must be here for the occasion of the launching of our new ship. What shall we name her?”
King Geoffrey paused on his way to the door. “I think something fanciful to hide the true nature of the ship as a weapons’ carrier.” He looked at his wife. “I am sure you can come up with such a name.”
Queen Delphinia blushed. “Perhaps something like Sea Sprite or Sea Princess?”
King Geoffrey waved his hand dismissively. “Yes, either of those will do. It is your decision.”

Dagon and his two sons trailed King Geoffrey out the door a short time later, leaving Electra and Queen Delphinia alone at the table.
Electra sensed her mother was pondering something weighty. “Is everything all right?” she asked.
Queen Delphinia patted her daughter’s hand. “Your father thinks me only adept at fanciful decisions. I doubt he would ever suspect the subterfuge I am really capable of.”
Electra was alarmed. “What subterfuge?”
“I intend to pay Phinn and the acting troupe to take me aboard the Prince Avor and sail to Taz or Hormu, or wherever I might finally find Avor and his new family.” She looked directly into her daughter’s eyes. “And I am so hoping you might find a way to accompany me on the voyage.”
Electra’s hand flew to her heart. “But surely you must tell Father you are going. You will need some good reason to leave. Will you allow him to believe you have been kidnapped for ransom?”
Delphinia pursed her lips. “I had not thought of that, but now that you suggest it, that might work.”
Electra’s eyes grew large. “That was not a suggestion. That was an argument against such an action. You must find a plausible reason. You cannot promote an action that will lead to all-out war.”
“I know you are skilled at devising such plans,” her mother replied. “What do you suggest then? What story shall we concoct?”
“I have not agreed to be part of this plan. I have a family now. I cannot just leave for no discernible reason.”
“Then what shall your reason be?” Delphinia persisted.
“I am devoid of ideas. I find this whole notion foolhardy and dangerous.” Electra sat thinking for a moment, engaged in the problem in spite of her own denials. “Perhaps if Phinn were to have a mission assigned to him by Prince Blackwell. Something that involved the three of us now allied in this new venture. Perhaps a thing that bore watching on the part of the Allies…”
Delphinia clapped her hands together. “I knew you would think of something. There must be a way to repair this division between Geoffrey and Avor.”
Electra shook her head. “I would not count on our going there to solve such a parting of the ways. What could we accomplish by going that could not be accomplished just as easily by well thought-out messages?”
“I could meet my new grandchildren,” Delphinia said. “And my new daughter-in-law.” She paused as a tear rolled down her face. “And I could hug my son.”
Electra knew in that moment that she was destined to be a part of her mother’s foolhardy scheme.

Chapter 46

Kingdom of Henge

Prince Blackwell sat smiling in his castle office in Henge. Laid out on the desk before him was the large map of the world recently completed by Corban the Scribe. Prince Blackwell’s father old King Blackwell sat on a chair across from his gloating son.
“We now have the names and geographic positions of all the ports around the Great Sea,” Blackwell told his father. We will soon be sending out shipments of explosives to whichever kingdoms we deem fit.”
The old King shook his head. “Just asking for trouble if you want my opinion.”
Prince Blackwell’s smile stayed in place. “I always value your opinion, Father,” he said.
“Not as far as I have noticed,” the old King retorted. “But I can see you are set on your course. The dye is cast, as the saying goes.”
“I do believe you might change your mind when you see gold flowing into Henge’s coffers,” Prince Blackwell said.
A knock at the open door turned their attention.
Sergeant Smythe stood in the doorway holding two scrolls in his outstretched hand. “You have two messages just off the Pride of Manoa what sailed in this morning,” the sergeant said.
Prince Blackwell dismissed Smythe after taking the two scrolls, hoping one at least might be from his wife Serafina. She and his daughters had already been gone over three months and he was becoming anxious about their welfare.
He tore open the one stamped in wax with his wife’s signet ring. It was a long message with several diagrams drawn at the bottom of the scroll.
“What does it say?” his father asked, impatient to hear news of his granddaughters.
Prince Blackwell held up a hand while he continued to read silently. When he finally looked up, his father was standing, trying to read over the desk that separated them.
“Rest easy,” Blackwell said. “They are all fine and on their way back to Tangier after visiting Timbitu. But here is the best part.”
He smoothed out the scroll to show the diagrams at the bottom. “While they were in Timbitu they found what Serafina believes to be a sketch of the delivery system used to propel an explosive called Greek fire.”
“I have heard of such a weapon,” the old King said, “but some believe it to be only a myth. What fire burns in water?”
“Greek fire does, and here is the invention that made it possible. Serafina believes she will be able to re-create the mixture of explosives used once she reaches Constantinople and can review old Roman accounts of naval warfare.”
“I suppose this Greek fire will make our own weapons obsolete,” the old King conjectured.
This comment caught Prince Blackwell off guard. “No, we will not sell Greek fire. But we could build this delivery system into our new ship. It will make us invincible on the high seas. No pirate could overcome us.”
“You would have to convince your new ally, King Geoffrey, of that,” his father said, “since he is the one building the new ship.”
“That should not be difficult,” Prince Blackwell said as he studied the diagrams. Most of these components we have available here in Henge. A large cauldron and metal tubes – the same as we use for flues. We could call on the blacksmiths of Helsop to do the necessary welds.”
“Who is the other message from?” his father asked.
Prince Blackwell cracked the wax seal. “It is King Geoffrey’s seal,” he said as he tore open the scroll. He read the message aloud to his father.

To Fernland’s ally, Prince Blackwell of Henge
It is with some pride that we announce the upcoming launch of our new ship. The cargo hold has been reinforced with metal sheets and should provide a safe passage for our proposed cargo.
As per our agreement, the Prince Avor is now available for Henge’s use if you would care to visit Fernland and take possession. We extend our invitation to include Phinn and his acting troupe and hope you will all attend the upcoming launch.
Your ally, King Geoffrey of Fernland

“Will you go for the launch?” the old King asked.
“I will go immediately,” Prince Blackwell said. “Hopefully before the launch so that we can incorporate this new delivery system onto the deck while the ship is still on the stays. Will you stand in for me as sovereign of Henge in my absence?
Now the old King did smile. “Don’t I always?” he asked.
“Promise, no trouble while I am gone.”
“Who could I cause trouble with?” his father asked. “You have gone and made allies of all our possible enemies.”

As Prince Blackwell was out gathering up the components he would need to assemble the delivery system Serafina had diagrammed, Mahmet the Trader came up to speak to him.
“I believe Corban and I will be leaving you soon,” he said. “Since your copy of our map of the world has been completed, we propose to return to Tripoli.”
“Yes, of course,” Prince Blackwell said in a distracted fashion. “I shall have Sergeant Smythe draw up the monies to pay Corban the Scribe. He has done a fine job of re-creating the map in our language. We are well-pleased with his work.”
“I shall go and inform him,” Mahmet said.

Mahmet the Trader found Corban the Scribe in Serafina’s library as usual, studying the illuminated Bible.
“Prince Blackwell is preparing your payment for the map of the world,” he said gently. “I thought we might pick up your monies and leave on the Pride of Manoa. We have been gone many months and it is time we returned to Tripoli.”
Corban the Scribe looked up with a sad expression. “I believed I was sent here for a reason. I believed I was to spread the gospel to these heathens, but no one here can understand me. Even the words I have learned in English they failed to understand.”
“Yes, your accent is strong,” Mahmet agreed. “Perhaps you were sent, but it was only to provide the map of the world as you have done. Perhaps now these people will go out into the Christian world, following the map you have made, and hear the Word on their voyages. We know God works in mysterious ways, no?”
Corban looked at his relative hopefully. “Yes, what you say is true. God does work in mysterious ways.”
Come then, let us collect the money owed and see what new thing God has in store,” Mahmet said.
Corban the Scribe closed the illuminated volume with reverence and patted the cover as though saying goodbye to an old friend before following Mahmet out the door of the library.

Chapter 47

Atlas Mountains South of Tangier

The Persian caravan that Soldad had joined stopped near a creek on a gentle slope to spend the first night of mountain travel. The change from hot dry desert days and cold desert nights was dramatic. Here the weather was more tempered and the scenery more varied. They could view green terraced ledges in the distance; trees dotted the landscape around them.
 Shalin and Esme watched as the camel pullers fed and watered their camels and the animals they had bought or captured for their Shah’s zoo.
“You see,” Shalin said to her sister, “they are taking good care of the animals. You yourself have two parakeets that you keep in a cage. Why should the Shah not have his own zoo?”
“My parakeets were not taken from a flock in the wild,” Esme grumbled.
“You do not know that. Very likely they were at some point in their history.”
Esme continued to glower at her sister. “What of the chimpanzees who spend their day pulling at the bars of their cages?”
Shalin sighed. “It is too late for them to return to their jungle homes. They are not made to survive alone in the cold mountains. If you freed them they would surely die.”
“I know all this,” Esme said, still angry. “I have decided only the elephants will be set free. We know there are elephants in these hills. We have saved one. At least I hope we did. These elephants that travel with us are two adult females and two young males. They would be accepted into a herd.”
“You are sure of that?” Shalin asked.
“I am fairly certain. I have asked a lot of questions of those who know elephants well.” Esme looked away from her sister. “In any case, I have made my decision.”
“Have you considered the repercussions? These elephants are the property of the Persians. It is stealing in their eyes if you set the animals free. You could be executed as a thief. We all could be executed along with you.”
“I will make it look as though wild elephants came and rescued them,” Esme said.
Shalin closed her eyes, wondering if any argument would dissuade her sister from her rash actions. “Tell me your plan to make it look like wild elephants have released the shackles from their feet.”
“The shackles – no. Only the chains that connect them one to another,” Esme said, growing excited with her sister’s apparent capitulation.
“But you cannot leave the shackles on, their legs will grow…” Shalin warned.
“Of course I know that. We must remove the shackles and bury them. How could elephants remove shackles? But they could probably break the chains – by pulling on them with their strong trunks.”
Shalin considered this. “Yes, perhaps. Then we do not need the wild elephants. The two females could be the breakers of chains.”
Esme shrugged. “I like the idea of wild elephants coming to their rescue.”
“We have seen many elephants in caravansaries. I have never heard of a caravansary being attacked by wild elephants in order to free their kin,” Shalin said.
Esme frowned. “All right – no wild elephants. Only bits of pulled apart chains left behind.”
“What if the Persians decide to track these escaped elephants and bring them back? What if they see their shackles have been removed?”
“We will stop them from going after the elephants,” Esme said with a sullen expression.
“How will we stop them?” Shalin asked.
Esme’s cheeks turned red with frustration and anger. “I do not know, but I will think of something if I need to.”
“And I will help you if you make a plan for all possibilities – a plan that has some chance of success and will not end in all of us being executed as thieves.”
Esme sniffed her disgust and said, “I believe someone is cooking our dinner – I smell the scent of cinnamon and cloves.”

They approached the campfire where some of the Persian camel pullers were already dipping stew from a large cauldron and taking seats on logs around the fire.
Soldad was seated among them, laughing at something one of the Persians must have said. He saw the twins and beckoned them over with a wave.
The twins each took a bowl of stew and sat down in front of the crackling fire beside Soldad on his log.
“I hope you do not mind,” he said, looking at Esme, “but I offered your services if any of the zoo animals fall ill during the journey. The Persians were very surprised and pleased to learn you were a student of animal medicine.”
“Of course I would be happy to assist if needed,” Esme replied.
Soldad seemed surprised to hear such a cordial response from Esme. “You are most generous,” he said.
“Have you learned any more about this Persian Shah who means to have a private zoo?” she asked.
“Only that he is very wealthy and denies himself nothing he desires.”
“Has he already a start on his zoo?” Esme took a bite of stew.
“I believe he may have some local animals, but these will be the first from interior Africa.” Soldad drained his bowl of stew. “These men appear to have some skill at cooking.”
“Yes, you have chosen well to join this caravan,” Esme said.
Something about Esme’s easy acceptance of Soldad’s choice seemed to bother Soldad. He glanced at Shalin to see if she, too, found her sister’s behavior odd.
Shalin noted Soldad’s apprehension, smiled and changed the subject. “I suppose we will be back at your ship within a fortnight. How long a voyage will it be from Tangier to Constantinople?”
“Perhaps ten days if fair winds prevail,” he said. “My emperor will be pleased with my gold purchases. And even more pleased with the demonstration of exploding weapons your mother has planned.”
Shalin felt uneasy speaking of the weapons that Henge had kept secret for so long. Now they were to be sold around the Great Sea and who knew what havoc they would reap. “I am anxious to see the older parts of the city and to read about its origins in the Imperial Library,” she said.
“I have many underground sites in mind to show you,” Soldad said, beaming his delight. “I do not want you to spend all your time in our library.”
“Are any in your family of a scholarly bent?” Shalin asked.
“My father is often away at sea as I am, on trading missions. My mother has an interest in gardens and my brother Tome, who you have met, can usually be found in our garden, painting, when he is not commissioned to paint scenes from the Logos on the walls of churches.”
“I look forward to meeting your family,” Shalin said.
“You will, of course, be staying with us as our honored guests,” Soldad said, “so you will come to know us all very well.”
A thought lodged itself in Shalin’s mind and she knew it was placed there by Esme. I told you so. He wants to marry you. You will be meeting your future family.

Chapter 48

Kingdom of Fernland

Prince Blackwell, Phinn the Ambassador and the acting troupe were all aboard the Pride of Manoa as she came into port at King’s Lake. Mahmet the Trader and Corban the Scribe had also booked passage on the Pride of Manoa though they planned to go on to Lands End before transferring to a ship heading for the Great Sea.
Prince Blackwell had brought along the cauldron and metal pipes called for in Serafina’s illustration for an explosives delivery system. He hoped some of Helsop’s blacksmiths would still be at King’s Lake where they were reinforcing the new ship’s cargo hold with metal sheets. If they were still there, perhaps they would be able to weld the illustrated components of the delivery system together.

Phinn and the acting troupe were eager to take possession of their promised ship, the Prince Avor. Before leaving Henge, Phinn had been pulled aside by his father, old King Blackwell, who asked him to find out whatever he could about King Geoffrey’s plans for the new ship. The old King did not trust King Geoffrey to abide by the terms of their new alliance.
King Geoffrey, Delphinia, Electra and Dagon had all come down to King’s Lake to welcome Prince Blackwell and Phinn the Ambassador to Fernland.
Geoffrey and Delphinia stood on the beach as the first shore boat landed. They smiled and greeted Prince Blackwell warmly. Phinn, Juanita and Drake were next to come ashore and Delphinia made a great fuss over them, extracting promises of performances while they were in Fernland.
“Would you like to see our completed ship?” Geoffrey asked the visiting group. “The men from Helsop have finished the reinforcements on the hold and we are ready to launch.”
“Are the Helsop craftsmen still here?” Prince Blackwell asked anxiously.
“Yes, they plan to stay for the launch,” Dagon said.
“Good,” Blackwell said, relieved to hear it. “I may have a few more revisions to make before the ship is launched.”
King Geoffrey, who had been heading toward the stays holding the new ship, stopped abruptly. “What is that you say? Revisions? What sort of revisions?”
Prince Blackwell pulled out the scroll that held the illustrations Serafina had made. “My wife has been researching Greek fire in the libraries of Timbitu and has come up with an ancient sketch – and invention made by Ptolemy that she believes was the delivery system for that weapon.”
He rolled out the scroll and he and Geoffrey held it between them to look at the illustrations.
King Geoffrey frowned. “But this will delay our launch. And we have no idea if it will work. Does she even know what substance it is made to deliver?”
Prince Blackwell shrugged. “Not yet, but she knows about explosives. And she believes she will find the exact composition buried somewhere in the old Roman materials still kept in Constantinople’s Imperial Library.”
King Geoffrey looked at Dagon. “What do you think?” he asked. “Is this worth the trouble and delays it would bring?”
Dagon pursed his lips as he studied the illustrations. “It is certainly a thing we could re-create, but it would take some time to craft the components and weld them together.”
“I have brought the components along,” Blackwell said. “I took the cauldron from our tallow makers shop and the pipes from our well-digging supplies. All we need now are the men and equipment to weld it together.”
Dagon smiled. “We do happen to have both here.”
King Geoffrey seemed unconvinced. “What is so important about this Greek fire anyway? How is it better than our exploding arrows and exploding hand balls?”
“The explosives delivered by this system are said to burn on water. Unquenchable. Such a weapon would make our ship impervious to pirates and any others who might wish to rob us of the weapons we propose to sell around the Great Sea.”
King Geoffrey looked skeptical. “It burns even on water? That sounds more like a fairy tale to me.”
Prince Blackwell shrugged. “There are accounts of its use during Roman sea battles involving hundreds of ships. But only a few knew the composition of the explosives and their secret died with them.”
“Then why does Serafina think she will find the secret in the Imperial Library?”
“The same way she found the delivery system, I suppose. By researching the archives. She seems to know a great deal about explosives from her black arts training.”
No one spoke for a moment. Any talk of the black arts seemed a subject better left alone.
King Geoffrey took a deep breath. “I suppose it would not hurt to assemble the delivery system since you have brought along the components. We can ask the Helsop men if they would be able to weld them together since they are still here.”
“Excellent,” Prince Blackwell said, smiling.
Phinn and the Acting Troupe had stayed on the beach with Delphinia and Electra, being more interested in taking possession of their own ship, the Prince Avor, than in seeing the new ship.
“Where will you leave now that you have a ship again at your disposal?” Delphinia asked Phinn.
“I have no plans as yet,” Phinn answered, “though I know my brother is worried about Serafina and the twins. They have been gone from home a long time already. He may send me to Constantinople to check on them or bring them home if they are ready to return.”
“Delphinia leaned in closer and lowered her voice. “I have some money set aside to pay a visit to my son, Avor. Perhaps I could go along and you could drop me off in Hormu. I would pay whatever you ask.”
Phinn’s jaw dropped in surprise. “You want to go to Hormu? But…, does King Geoffrey wish to repair his relationship with Avor?”
“It would probably be best if we said nothing about it to Geoffrey,” Delphinia said.
Phinn looked to Electra for assistance. “Perhaps we need to think this over before committing to such a plan?”
Electra groaned. “Mother, I thought we agreed to come up with a plausible reason to travel to the Great Sea before involving other people in our plan.”
“But this is Phinn. He understands. He is not ‘other people.’ Phinn is family.”
Electra looked at Phinn hopefully. “Perhaps you can think of a plausible reason for Mother and me to go along with you on a voyage to the Great Sea?”
Phinn tried to put the promise of ‘whatever money he asked for’ aside as he put his mind to the problem at hand.
“Perhaps there is something you need in Constantinople?” he asked in a small voice.
Electra held up her hand as though an idea had come to her. “You will have a lot of money coming into Fernland now with the sale of your weapons. Constantinople has a mint. You could go there to tour the mint in case Father decides to build one in Fernland.”
Delphinia clapped her hands. “I knew I could count on the two of you to help.”

Chapter 49

Atlas Mountains South of Tangier

Shalin and Esme had finalized their plan for freeing the four elephants that were on their way to the Shah’s zoo in Persia. After many arguments over various strategies Esme had finally come up with a plan that seemed, in Shalin’s eyes, to have a chance of success without fatal repercussions.
The first part of the plan involved gaining the trust of the camel pullers. This Esme achieved by checking each animal destined for the zoo daily and treating any signs of illness or distress. The caravan masters were grateful for her help and had begun to allow her to take over their own duties with regard to the animals.
The second part of their plan was to wait until they neared the farm where the wild elephants had raided the crops and Esme had rescued the baby elephant. They wanted to see some sign that wild elephants frequented the area before turning their own four elephants loose.
Esme came to stand near their morning campfire after returning from a walk in the forest – a daily activity that worried Soldad. Esme said nothing but Shalin’s mind was suddenly alive with her sister’s thoughts.
I saw tracks and elephant scat no more than a mile from camp. It is time to put our plan into action.
Shalin stiffened at the words, anxiety riffling through her body. She knew the day was coming, but still harbored acute fear of the possible outcomes.
Esme moved toward Soldad and spoke in a casual manner. “I noticed some chafing around the shackles on the feet of the elephants. Would you tell the camel pullers in charge that I will need to remove their shackles for a time and put some padding between their legs and their irons? We may need to find a way to loosen their shackles lest we lose the animals to infection.”
Soldad listened and nodded, leaving the warmth of the campfire to find one of the caravan masters.
A few moments later Soldad returned with Izad, a caravan master. Shalin knew Esme had scattered some blood and fake signs of infection around the elephants’ shackles as per their plan, but hoped the caravan master would not look too closely at the elephants’ feet.
“This man has the key to the shackles,” Soldad said. “He will remove the shackles for you and help you to bind their wounds.”
Esme had hoped the man would simply give her the key, but she knew that was likely too much to hope for. “Yes, of course. Will you come along as well in case I need to explain what needs to be done?”
“Certainly,” Soldad said. “Izad is grateful for your help. He does not want to deliver these elephants to the Shah with any injuries.”
Esme picked up her medicine bag and asked Shalin in passing, “Would you like to come along, Shalin?”
Shalin thought her sister’s breezy manner was suspicious but supposed the caravan master was not aware of it since he did not really know either of them. She nodded and followed along, hoping she was not giving any sign of the turmoil she felt inside.
They approached the elephants with care, Esme speaking softly to each one and handing out pieces of fruit that each took delicately with the tip of its trunk to be lifted into its mouth.
Soldad listened to a few words from Izad and translated them to Esme. “He says we must remove each shackle, one by one, and wrap each foot and replace the shackle before going on to the next one.” Esme shook her head. “No, we must leave the shackles off for a time to allow the feet to heal before inserting padding.”
Soldad translated her words and listened to the reply. “Izad says he cannot do that as they would run away. He says there are other elephants here about and these elephants are likely aware of that fact.”
Esme closed her eyes, wondering if she dare snap off the shackles with her mind and be done with it. “Tell him I believe we must take that chance, otherwise these elephants might die of infection before they reach Persia.”
Soldad explained the situation and nodded. “Izad says you may do as you propose if you are willing to pay the price of the elephants if they should decide to escape. He says he knows elephants very well and he believes this is what the outcome of your plan will be.”
“What is the price of the elephants?” Esme asked.

The caravan master gave Soldad a price that seemed astronomical to Shalin. She did not know if their mother would agree to pay it.
As Shalin held her breath and Esme made her decision, Soldad spoke up. “I have, of course, agreed to pay his price should the elephants take advantage of their temporary freedom.”
You cannot do it. We would be in his debt for life, Shalin warned.
He is always professing to be in our debt for saving his life in Antok so many years ago. This is his chance to make good on that debt. After planting this thought in her sister’s mind Esme continued to glare at her with a fierce determination.
“Let us just have a few minutes to confer with our mother before we agree to this man’s terms. I am sure Mother would not want you to take responsibility for a debt incurred by one of her daughters,” Shalin told Soldad.
Soldad shrugged. “As you will, but I am happy to be of service in this matter.”

The twins found their mother eating breakfast beside the campfire. While Soldad left to get a plate for himself, Shalin whispered in her mother’s ear.
“Esme wants to free the elephants so that they can join the wild heard nearby. The caravan master says if she removes the shackles and they escape, she will be responsible for their price, a gold coin for each. Soldad has offered to stand surety for their price but then we would be in his debt.”
Serafina paused in her eating. “How does Esme plan to free them?”
“She planned to make it look like an accident, removing their shackles due to chafing of their feet, but the caravan master knows elephants. He believes they will run once their shackles are removed.”
Serafina looked at Esme, whose face was a storm cloud of pent-up emotions. “So your carefully thought out plan has been foiled?”
Esme nodded but looked unrepentant.
“Serafina put her hand on Esme’s shoulder. “Tell the caravan master that I will pay his price and then release the elephants.” Serafina reached into her tunic and pulled out four gold coins. “And next time, tell me your plan beforehand to avoid embarrassment.”

On receipt of Serafina’s four gold coins, Izad gave the shackles’ key to Esme. She took it and waited until dusk to remove the shackles and chains that bound the elephants to the caravan. By the next morning all four elephants were gone.

Chapter 50

Kingdom of Fernland

Prince Blackwell decided to ride in Fernland’s royal carriage down to King’s Lake along with his half- brother Phinn. The Pride of Manoa would be leaving this morning with Mahmet the Trader and Corban the Scribe aboard.
Corban the Scribe had done an excellent job of re-creating the map of the world with English titles and Mahmet the Trader would likely become his contact in Tripoli when it came Henge’s turn to take over the new weapons-carrying ship.
All the components of the explosives delivery system had been installed onto the deck of the new ship. She was ready to launch and the launch was only two days away.
“I want to be there to bid farewell to Mahmet and Corban,” Blackwell told his brother as they rode through Fernland’s forests to the lake.
“I need to come up with a good idea for a performance to celebrate the launch,” Phinn said. “As soon as the new ship is afloat I hope to take possession of the Prince Avor and a good performance should ingratiate me with King Geoffrey.”
“Have you some destination in mind once you take possession?” Prince Blackwell asked.
“Father wants the acting troupe to keep an eye on King Geoffrey’s activity with the new ship,” Phinn said. “He doesn’t trust King Geoffrey to keep the terms of our alliance.”
“That is not a bad idea. This business of a split with his own son has me worried as well,” Blackwell said. “He seems to want to part ways with Avor, but at the same time, send spies to find out what his son is doing.”
“Yes, it seems odd.” Phinn wondered if he should mention Queen Delphinia’s request to sail along with him to see her son in Hormu, but decided against it. Things were already complicated enough with this new alliance and a new ship to be shared among Fernland, Henge and Helsop.

The carriage stopped at King’s Lake and the two brothers went their separate ways. Prince Blackwell searched the beach with his eyes, looking for Corban and Mahmet. He spotted them carrying their luggage to a shore boat and rushed over to say goodbye.
“Prince Blackwell!” Mahmet said. “You honor us with your presence. We are just about to depart for Lands End.”
“I know,” Prince Blackwell said. He took a gold coin from his tunic and gave it to Mahmet. Buy yourselves a trinket there to remember us. I will contact you when Henge is ready to bring its wares to Tripoli. You may perhaps put us in touch with the proper interested port authorities?”
Mahmet bowed gratefully. “I certainly will do just that. I assure you the defenders of Tripoli will be most anxious to buy your products.”
Mahmet and Corban stepped into the waiting shoreboat and waved their goodbyes as the oarsman rowed the short distance to the Pride of Manoa.
Blackwell noticed that a new ship was entering King’s Lake from the estuary. He squinted against the sun to make out the name. It was the Jungle Queen, likely just arrived after visiting Henge.

Prince Blackwell made a quick stop at the lakeside theater to tell his brother he was leaving to return to Fernland’s castle in the royal coach.
Phinn was already involved in solving a problem backstage that involved winches, pulleys and the black wires used to fly fairies across the stage against a black curtain.
“We have a part in this new play for a lonely prince,” Phinn joked. “It is yours for the asking.”
“Thank you for your confidence in my acting prowess, but I shall have to decline as I am an actual prince with actual duties,” Blackwell said in an equally jovial manner. “I need to get back to the castle to speak to King Geoffrey about his proposed schedule for the new ship’s maiden voyage. I will be taking the royal carriage if you have no further need of it.”
“Take it – I am here for the next two days. I have actual duties as well, frivolous though they may appear,” Phinn bantered.
As Prince Blackwell was about to leave, a messenger ran up on stage. “I have just come from Henge aboard the Jungle Queen and I was told I would find Phinn the Ambassador here. I have a message for either him or Prince Blackwell of Henge.”
“You have found us both,” Prince Blackwell said. “Is the message from Acting King Blackwell?”
“No,” the messenger said. “It is from General Fordham.”
Prince Blackwell’s heart gave a sudden lurch. Had his father managed to perpetrate some commotion that involved Henge’s army?
“Give me the message,” Blackwell said, feeling his stomach fill with acid.
Blackwell broke the seal and quickly read the message silently. As he looked at his brother his eyes were already heavy with unshed tears.
“Father has died,” he managed to say, handing the message to Phinn.
Phinn took the message with trembling hands and read through it quickly.

To King Blackwell and Phinn the Ambassador,
I regret to inform you that your father King Blackwell died in his sleep last night. His death was discovered by Cook this morning when the old King did not come down for breakfast. Physician Cartwell feels it must have been heart failure.
We await your orders on plans for the funeral and the assignment of your new title as King of Fernland.
Long live the King.
General Fordham

The two brothers hugged one another as tears of grief ran down their faces.
“I should have been there,” Phinn lamented.
“As should I,” Blackwell agreed.
After a few minutes, Prince Blackwell regained his composure. “You must leave at once for Tangier to bring Serafina and the twins back to Henge. If they have already left for Constantinople, follow them there and bring them home. We will delay the funeral until they arrive.”
“Yes,” Phinn said. “I need to tell Queen Delphinia I am leaving.”
“I could tell her for you,” Blackwell offered. “She will understand there can be no performance under the circumstances.”
“I think it best I tell her myself,” Phinn said, “in case she wants to come with me.”
Prince Blackwell looked at his brother with a curious expression, but did not argue. “Come along then, we will go together in the royal carriage.”

Chapter 51

Atlas Mountains South of Tangier

Shalin and Esme each carried two buckets, one of water and the other fodder for the animals.
The last several days had been difficult for the animals and the nights had been hard for everyone. Fresh snow from the night covered the trails. The temperature this early morning was still below freezing. Every exhale left a cloud of vapor in the still air.
“I will be so glad to reached Tangier,” Esme said to Shalin. “I have become a laughing stock. All the camel pullers call me the little girl who cries over elephants.”
Shalin knew this already as they called her the same thing. Being identical twins, no one could tell them apart. Or perhaps they just assumed since they looked alike they were alike in every way.
“How do you know they call you that?” Shalin asked, setting her buckets down to feed and water a flamingo in its cage.
“I asked Soldad what some of their laughing words meant.”
Shalin had done the same thing. Perhaps they were identical in every way. “We shall soon be on our way to Constantinople and we will never see the Persian camel pullers again. Only a few more days to Tangier.”
“Constantinople will be worse. I will have nothing to do there,” Esme complained. “I should never have come on this trip. Mother has shown no signs of the bad air disease, malaria. I believe the bad air must be the humid wetlands, not the dry desert.”
Shalin had no words of comfort for her sister. For herself, Constantinople was the answer to a long-held dream. She would soon be studying in the Imperial Library, exploring the ancient parts of the city with Soldad, unlocking the secrets of her ring with Vaspan the Astrologer. She could hardly wait to arrive there.
Esme read her sister’s thoughts and responded angrily. “Yes, you will be meeting your future in-laws. No doubt they will find you suitable and reward you with your own ship.”
Shalin smiled. “I doubt that very much. Soldad is too old for me. You are missing your forest walks with Dag, no?”
Esme set her buckets down in front of a chimpanzee’s cage. She knew it would do no good to deny it. “Yes, I suppose I am.”
All conversation stopped when they saw their mother coming down the trail. “Come and have your breakfast now,” Serafina said. “Some of the camel pullers can finish this work. We may be starting early to make it over the pass before we camp for the night.”
Esme held a cup for the chimp to drink and pushed some fruit into its cage before leaving her buckets behind.

As they walked along the long line of animals, Serafina told them what she had heard from Soldad.
“He says we likely have five more days through the mountains and two more after that to reached Tangier.”
“Soldad told us his family would invite us to stay with them in Constantinople,” Esme said. “Would you stay with them?”
While Serafina appeared to consider this offer, Shalin added her own tidbit of gossip. “He told me that once you put on a demonstration of our new weapons, the Emperor would surely invite us to stay with him at the Imperial Palace.”
A fleeting thought passed through Serafina’s mind before she caught herself and put up the mental block that would keep her thoughts safe from the twins’ detection. Staying at the Imperial Palace would make it easier for me to find future husbands for the twins from among the members of the Emperor’s royal family.
Both twins, attuned to their mother’s mind, caught the errant thought and were stunned by the revelation. Neither twin acknowledged the thought or confessed to this mental eavesdropping.
“We shall see what our options are once we arrive in Constantinople and decide then where we will stay,” Serafina said. “We must remember our primary objective in going to Constantinople is to find the composition of the Greek fire explosives. I shall need both of you to help me research the Imperial Library archives.”
“Of course we will help,” Shalin agreed, rather too quickly.
Serafina directed a suspicious glance at Shalin, but said nothing more. When the twins searched their mother’s mind for more clues, they found only a closed book.

At breakfast, Shalin sat close to Soldad and began to ask questions about Constantinople. “Do the people there like their emperor? Is he a benevolent monarch?”
Soldad was surprised by the question. “He has certainly been generous to my family.” He thought for a moment. “Yes, I believe people respect him as well as revere him. Obedience is given without question. Constantinople fares as the Emperor fares. That is a common saying in Constantinople.”
Shalin decided she would withhold further questions about Constantinople’s Royal Family until she had a chance to speak to Esme in private. Soldad was very intuitive and she did not wish to plant any seeds in his mind.
Instead, she questioned him about his city’s origins. “Has Constantinople always been a seafaring city?”
“Very likely,” Soldad said. “A thousand years ago, in early Roman times, it was already very much a seafaring city called Byzantium.”

That evening, after a cold trek over the slippery ice-laden pass, the twins lay close together under a fur blanket, finally able to address the secret that had slipped from their mother’s mind.
Mother means to find us husbands from among Constantinople’s Royal family. Esme relayed the statement to her sister who did not need reminding. The thought was foremost in her mind as well.
This must be Father’s idea, Shalin relayed back. We know he has always wanted us to marry into royalty. He has never made a secret of it. At least he has never tried to hide his thoughts on the matter.
But mother seems prepared to act on it, Esme agreed. She must be in favor of the idea as well.
I do not believe Mother would force us into marrying someone we did not care for, Shalin reasoned.
I shall not care to marry anyone in Constantinople, Esme maintained.
Because you are already in love with Dag? Shalin queried.
Perhaps I am, Esme admitted. I am certainly in love with our northern forests and I have no intention of living in a city – ever.
I admit the idea of living in an ancient city, next to the largest library in the world, appeals to me, Shalin mused.
Not to mention you are in love with Soldad, Esme added.
As I said before, he is too old for me, though I do enjoy his company.
How then are we to shed ourselves of this proposed incursion into Constantinople’s Royal Family? Esme asked.
Once we are certain we feel no affection for the Emperor’s relatives, we will find a way. Shalin relayed the thought with enough assurance that the two were able to drift off to sleep in the faint warmth of the campfire.

Chapter 52

Kingdom of Fernland

Princess Electra and Queen Delphinia and sat together in the royal family’s cozy dining room on the second floor of the castle. Sitting in the warmth of the room’s large stone fireplace, they lingered over cups of tea. It had been several days since Phinn had left in his new ship, the Prince Avor, to pick up Serafina and the twins in Tangier but Delphinia still mourned his departure. She had wanted so desperately to leave with him aboard the ship that bore her son’s name.
“I do not see why we could not have accompanied Phinn as far as Tangier and then gone on to Hormu aboard Soldad de Medich’s ship,” she said. “ Soldad is such a nice young man—I am sure he would have agreed to take us there.”
Electra took a deep breath and let it out slowly, trying to remain patient with her mother who was fixated on her need to see her son in Hormu.
“Soldad believes the twins saved his life in Antok during their great earth tremor. They likely did save his life. That is why he is indebted to the Blackwells. He may have agreed to take us on to Hormu, but we have no way of knowing for sure. He could be under orders from his Emperor to go directly to Constantinople once he has procured the gold needed for their mint. Besides that, we had no discernable reason to travel to Tangier. Without a good reason, Father would not have allowed it. A third obstacle is that we are obligated to go to old King Blackwell’s funeral now that we are allies of Henge. You know our presence will be expected.”
Delphinia sighed. “Phinn did say he would take us to Hormu as soon as the funeral was over.”
Electra smiled. “There, you see? We will find a way to visit when the time is right.”
“I suppose,” Delphinia murmured.
“Of course we will,” Electra persisted. “In the meantime we have a new ship to launch.”
A tear slipped down Delphinia’s cheek. “How will we make it a special occasion without Phinn and his acting troupe?”
Electra added a spoonful of honey to her tea. “Perhaps we could offer free ale or food to those who come to watch the launch?”
“Yes, that is always appreciated,” Delphinia agreed. “Perhaps we could ask that young fiddle player and his grandfather to provide some music.”
Electra was relieved to see her mother begin to take an interest in the launch ceremony. Anything to take her mind off visiting Prince Avor.
“We could offer tours of the new ship,” Electra suggested.
“Perhaps,” Delphinia said. “I do not know if Geoffrey would agree to that.”
“We could ask him,” Electra said. “He is holding court today. He has invited Gregor to sit with him. Would you like to attend the hearing?”
Delphinia smiled. “Yes, I should like to see if my grandson has any suggestions to give his grandfather.”
“I should like to see that as well,” Electra said, smiling. She actually was uneasy about this ploy on her father’s part to begin to treat her son Gregor as the heir apparent to Fernland’s throne. She knew her husband Dagon shared her unease. She hoped her son would be bored by the proceedings and decide he did not want to judge future arguments in a court setting.

Electra and Delphinia entered the courtroom just as proceedings were getting underway.
Gregor sat to the right of King Geoffrey with Dagon and Soren on his left. Both boys waved to their mother and grandmother as they entered the courtroom.
The first case was easily disposed of. A candle maker who had not been paid was suing his customer, a winemaker who agreed to make payment in bottles of wine since he was short of funds.
The second case was more complicated. A land owner had leased a field to a sheepherder whose normal grazing land had been flooded by spring rains. The flooded grasslands had dried out more quickly than anticipated and the sheep had been moved back to their usual pastures. The land owner wanted to be paid for the duration of the lease even though the sheep were no longer there. The sheepherder claimed the land owner was allowing his son’s cattle to graze there now and should not be paid by him, but rather by his son.
King Geoffrey leaned over to ask Gregor what he thought about the two arguments and Gregor whispered something back in his grandfather’s ear.
“My grandson believes that if your son is grazing his cattle in your field, the sheepherder is no longer obligated to pay and I agree with him. If you choose to make a gift of your grass to your son, that is your prerogative, but it negates the terms of the lease.”
Gregor smiled as Dagon’s shoulders slumped. It seemed Gregor was enjoying his day in court.
“Gregor seems good at making decisions,” Delphinia noted. “He takes everything into consideration.”
“Yes, he does seem to be enjoying being here,” Electra said as she met her husband’s eyes. Dagon gave a slight shrug in his wife’s direction and watched as the next petitioners were led into the court room.

The day after court was launch day for the new ship to be named Sea Sprite. Whether or not the Sprite was to be armed with Greek fire was still in question. The delivery apparatus was installed, but the explosives the apparatus was designed to deliver remained a mystery.
Prince Blackwell had already left for Henge aboard a trading ship to arrange his father’s funeral, but most of Fernland had turned out for the Sea Sprite’s launch and the free food and drink that would accompany the ceremony.
Shandor the Fiddle Player and his grandson Nicu played a series of lively duets beside the table providing free ale to all-comers.
The Sea Sprite slid down its greased ramp into King’s Lake without mishap amid cheers from the assembled crowd. Splashing into the lake below, it wavered in the water before righting itself.
King Geoffrey and Captain Haddad were the first to be rowed out to board the new ship. The remainder of the royal family followed quickly behind in shore boats.
As soon as the ship’s crew was aboard, the sails were raised for a brief cruise around King’s Lake. The new ship sat a little lower in the water than the Prince Avor had, no doubt due to the extra weight of the metal aboard. The ship seemed quite stable and responsive to the wheel.
King Geoffrey was pleased with the new ship and asked Dagon for his first impressions.
“I am not a seaman by any measure,” Dagon replied, “but I like the feel of her.”
“I suppose our maiden voyage will have to be to Henge to attend the funeral,” Geoffrey said.
“No hurry,” Dagon replied. “It will take some time for Phinn to return from Tangier with Serafina and the twins.”
“I never grew to like the old King,” Geoffrey said. “He was, after all, somewhat responsible for my own father’s death in a battle many years ago between Fernland and Henge. But for some reason I believe I will miss him.”
“He stuck to the old ways,” Dagon said. “He always put family first.”

Chapter 53

Outside Tangier

Cresting the top of the final hill, the twins were treated to the sight of Tangier spread out below, a hillside city ending at the shore of the Great Sea.
They could see tiny ships bobbing in the blue waters beneath the cliffs, one of which was surely the Sea Dancer.
Shalin’s heart leapt with joy. Soon they would be on their way to Constantinople. She would spend days with Vaspan the Astrologer, days studying in the Imperial Library, evenings with Soldad’s family or with the Emperor himself at the Imperial Palace. Her smile felt permanently set in place.
Serafina, who rode just ahead of Shalin in the caravan, turned in her saddle to smile at Shalin. She appeared to be excited as well.
The camels sensed food, water and rest just ahead and the pace of the caravan increased as they continued downhill. They reached the caravansary in record time and were soon in the midst of much noise and confusion as the animals knelt down to shed their burdens.
Soldad came by to check on his guests. “We have made it intact, no?” he asked with his radiant smile.
The weary travelers stretched and took stiff tentative steps around the kneeling animals.
“Have you spotted the Sea Dancer as yet?” Shalin asked.
“I have,” Soldad said. “She is anchored in the same spot I left her.” He paused for a moment. “There is a ship near to her that looks a lot like the ship you pointed out to me in Henge’s harbor – the Prince Avor.”
Shalin, Esme and their mother lost no time in exiting the caravansary to see this ship that looked familiar to Soldad. The Prince Avor was the twin to their own lost ship, the Kingdom of Henge.
From the gate of the caravansary, they could see the harbor below. They spotted the ship Soldad had seen. It did look familiar. It was too far away to read the name written on the hull.
“What would the Prince Avor be doing here?” Esme asked. “Do you suppose Phinn has come here with the acting troupe?”
“I do not believe King Geoffrey planned to part with the Prince Avor until his new ship was launched,” Serafina said. “If the new ship has launched, I do not think they would have had time to build in the delivery system that I need for Greek fire.”
“It has been a long time since you sent the message from the Ozazate Oasis,” Shalin argued. “They may have had time.”
Serafina looked doubtful. “If it is indeed the Prince Avor we shall soon have the answers to our questions.”

Soldad and his two crewmembers wasted no time in gathering up the gold purchased for the emperor’s mint and bidding farewell to the Persian caravan masters who still had many miles to cover with their traveling zoo.
Esme said a quick but fond farewell to the animals she had cared for through their mountain trek.
The small group reached the shores of the harbor and Soldad hired a boat to row them out to their anchored ship.
From the edge of the water, they could make out the name written on the familiar ship’s bow. It was indeed the Prince Avor anchored close by the Sea Dancer. Both ships bobbed serenely on the slight rise and fall of a calm sea.

Shalin knew Soldad wanted to go directly to his own ship first, but always the gentleman, he directed the owner of the shore boat to go first to the Prince Avor.
Phinn and Lars were up on deck as they drew close and stood to hail them with frantic gestures. The greeting was not as joyous as the twins had expected. Something was wrong.
Serafina and the twins climbed aboard first, scampering up the rope ladder anxiously.
Phinn hugged the two girls and nodded at Serafina by way of greeting.
Shalin and Esme saw the news in Phinn’s mind before he had a chance to speak and both gasped in horror at the terrible message written there.
“What has happened?” Serafina asked.
“My father has died,” Phinn said, his eyes flooding once again with the dreadful admission.
“I am sorry to hear it,” Serafina said.
“How?” Shalin managed to croak out between sobs.
“His heart gave out. He died in his sleep,” Phinn said in a rush of words.
Soldad had come up the ladder behind his guests. “I am so sorry. I am grateful to have met the old King before he died.”
Phinn sniffed and attempted to gain control of his emotions. “I am glad we were able to reach Tangier before you left for Constantinople. Prince Blackwell ordered me to leave at once to bring you home for the funeral.”
Shalin and Esme both moved in to hug their uncle and they all cried together for a few moments. How could their grandfather be gone? He had always been a part of their lives.
Serafina turned to Soldad. “We will have to leave at once. I regret that we will not be going on to Constantinople with you.”
“I regret it as well. I promise I will return next year to Henge to carry you to my home city if you are willing to try again.”
“Thank you,” Serafina said. “It appears we have our own ship once again, so perhaps that will not be necessary.”
“Shall I have your things brought over from the Sea Dancer so that you can leave without delay?” Soldad asked.
“Yes, that would be helpful,” Serafina said.
“I will go with you,” Shalin said, leaving no room for argument as she walked to the top of the rope ladder and began climbing down to the shore boat below.
“I will see she returns safely,” Soldad told Serafina as he followed Shalin down the ladder.

 It was a short distance between the two ships. Soldad took Shalin’s hand in his. “I am so sorry for the loss of your grandfather and also for the loss of your company to Constantinople.”
“I am equally devastated,” Shalin said. “I was so looking forward to exploring the city with you.”
“I shall write to you in Henge,” Soldad promised. “I shall be there ready to carry you back to Constantinople as soon as I am able.”
“Thank you,” Shalin said, tears leaving wet tracks down her cheeks. “You are my best friend.”
“And you are much more than a friend to me,” Soldad said, kissing her fingertips. “You are my angel.”

Within an hour, all of their luggage, including the sample weapons they had brought as demonstrations for Constantinople’s Emperor, had been transferred to the Prince Avor. The ship was soon on its way under full sail, all aboard nursing their private grief for the man who had loved them with all his heart.

Chapter 54

Aboard the Prince Avor

After hearing all the news from Fernland in more detail from Phinn, the twins retired to their cabin aboard the Prince Avor.
They both lay on their bunks, weeping from time to time.
“Are you crying because of Grandpa or because we are not going to Constantinople?” Esme asked.
“Both,” Shalin said. “This feels like the worst day of my life.”
“Not to me,” Esme said. “I go back and forth from being sad about Grandpa to being happy to be headed home.”
“Where is home for you now, Esme? Henge or Helsop?”
“I wonder myself sometimes,” Esme admitted. “If you ask where am I the most comfortable, it would have to be Helsop. Though I miss you and Mother and Father, I do not miss the studies of old languages and the black arts. I feel at home in the old growth forests of Helsop.”
“You feel at home with Dag in the forests of Helsop.”
“Yes, I suppose I do, though we bicker constantly.”
Shalin laughed in spite of her tears. “Your bickering is just another name for flirting.”
Esme smiled. “And what did you and Soldad bicker about while you were on your way to the Sea Dancer?”
“He said I was more than a friend. He called me his angel,” Shalin said.
“His angel?” Esme paused for a moment. “I am not sure that is a term of endearment. He may mean it quite literally. He first had that thought when he saw us fending off falling stones during the earthshake in Antok.”
“I know,” Shalin said. “I fear you may be correct. I believe he thinks us not quite human.”
“Have you ever wondered the same?” Esme asked. “If we might not be quite human?”
“No,” Shalin assured her sister. “I have always felt quite mortal and quite fallible.”
“Mother has some extraordinary powers of mind control,” Esme said, changing the subject to one that seemed more pressing. “She is usually able to keep her thoughts shielded from us if she chooses. It was an uncommon slip when she thought of finding husbands for us among the members of the emperor’s family in Constantinople.”
“Perhaps it was not a slip. Perhaps she wanted us to know. To find out what we thought of the idea,” Shalin said.”
“I believe she already knows how I would feel about the idea,” Esme grumbled in an angry tone. “I do not even want to visit there, not to mention living there.” She paused in her tirade for a moment. “And that is very much at odds with another thing she told me several months ago.”
“What was that?” Shalin asked.
“Promise me first that you will not be angry that she chose me instead of you?”
Shalin laughed. “You certainly have my attention now, but please continue, I promise I will not take offense.”
“I could not have been more surprised when she said it.” Esme murmured. “She says she sees me as the future Queen of Henge.”
Shalin was surprised but quickly controlled her astonishment when she realized how little such employment appealed to her. Heading an Army? Collecting port taxes? Protecting Henge from foreign invaders? Her mother was quite right to find Esme more suited to the task.
“I agree with Mother. I think you would be better-suited to the role. I prefer a more scholarly lifestyle without so much responsibility.”
“But it is a great honor to be queen. It demands wisdom. I would think you wiser than I, and less impulsive.”
“You will become wiser and less impulsive. Look at our grandfather. He was king for many years. Most would call him impulsive and few would call him wise.”
Esme laughed. “This is true. I never realized it until now, but I believe I am very like Grandfather. And I am proud to acknowledge it.”
“But going back to your question about a marriage to one of the emperor’s relatives, it is not so far-fetched,” Shalin said. “Only one of his heirs will be named heir apparent to the throne. The others will have to find their own occupations in the world. Why should one not be your husband as you rule in Henge?”
“It would never work,” Esme countered. “Someone born and raised in a palace in Constantinople would never be happy in a place on the fringes of the world – a place like Henge. What would he do there? And married to a queen? It would be disastrous for all.”
“And those are the only problems you foresee?” Shalin asked.
“Are those not enough?”
“I see only one real problem,” Shalin said.
“And what is that, Miss Wise One?” Esme asked.
“You are already in love with Dag,” Shalin said quietly.
Esme sighed. “I do miss him. But that is because I am away from him. As soon as I am back together with him I will be confronted with those same traits that irritate me.”
“What traits are those?” Shalin asked.
“His superior attitude. His belief that because he is older he is also wiser. His dismissal of my powers as nuisances. I could go on and on, but you see the gist of it.”
“Those traits must keep you on course to be your best self to prove him wrong.”
“I suppose, but it is a wearisome task.”
“But good training to be queen, no?”
Esme laughed. “Perhaps, but right now it seems Father, at least, does not agree. I am sure he put Mother up to this. He has made no secret of his desire to find us husbands equal to our rank. At least he has made no attempt to hide his thoughts on the matter.”
“Now that Grandfather has died and Father has a new title, if not a new job, he may begin to think about who might be his heir,” Shalin said.
“Father would pick you, I am sure of it. He finds me troublesome.”
“I would not accept the position,” Shalin said without hesitation. “That leaves only you.”
“What about Phinn or Drake?” Esme asked
“They are not in his direct line. Father is very traditional. Besides, I doubt either Phinn or Drake would want the job.”
“Perhaps then, I would have bargaining power. I could make choosing my own husband a condition of taking on the responsibility.”
“You make a good point. But there is another consideration,” Shalin warned.
“And what is that?” Esme asked, growing quite overburdened with this whole conversation.
“Perhaps the husband you choose will not want to be the husband of a queen.”

Chapter 55

Kingdom of Henge

When the Prince Avor finally arrived in Henge those aboard found the harbor crowded with ships. It appeared royalty from as far away as Manoa had come to honor the dead king.
King Blackwell was standing on the dock waiting to meet the ship. The twins saw the slumped shoulders of their soldier father and felt the depth of his sorrow.
Serafina rushed into her husband’s arms as soon as the gangplank was lowered. The twins were close behind her.
“His body has already been interred in the burial mound,” the new King Blackwell told them. But we have waited for your arrival to hold the memorial.”
“So many have come from so far,” Serafina noted, glancing at the harbor full of ships. “Your father was well-loved.”
“He was well-respected,” King Blackwell corrected. “He was a great warrior.”
Esme took these words to heart, wondering if she would ever be a warrior, or if she ever wished to be one.
“Are you too fatigued from your long journey to begin the memorial at once?” King Blackwell asked his wife.
“Of course not,” Serafina replied. “We have done little other than rest on our voyage home.”
King Blackwell signaled to General Fordham who was hovering nearby, to come closer.
“Send out runners to advise our royal guests and alert the troops. We will begin the memorial parade immediately after lunch.”
General Fordham saluted sharply, nodded a bow in the direction of Serafina and the twins, and strode off resolutely.
King Blackwell hugged his brother Phinn who had come along to join the small family group.
“Where is Father’s body?” Phinn asked.
“It lies in the burial mound atop the hill,” King Blackwell said. “Would you like to go there now?”
“Yes, I would,” Phinn said. Phinn beckoned to his son Drake to accompany them and they all walked single-file up the narrow path that led to the burial mound for Henge’s deceased royalty.
Shalin and Esme found themselves faltering, still finding their land legs after so many days at sea.
Drake stayed close to Shalin and whispered, “Where are we going?”
“To our grandfather’s grave,” Shalin whispered back. “He is buried with the other kings.”
“Will we see his dead body?” Drake asked, his voice barely audible.
“No. He will be in a casket with stone slabs around him,” Shalin assured him.
Drake nodded and moved up closer to his father.

When they reached the top of the hill, which flattened at its highest point, they could look down on the castle and the harbor below. A steady wind whipped at their clothes and hair. The mound was a large square stone enclosure, covered in dirt with grass growing atop to give it the appearance of a small hillock. The door, set into stone blocks, was standing ajar revealing the blackness within.
King Blackwell stopped and spoke to his family. “Phinn and I will go inside. The rest of you, wait here. We will only be a few minutes.”
The remaining four sat down on the hillside in the lee of a stone fence.
“Will there be a plaque?” Esme asked her mother.
Serafina nodded. “Yes, I imagine so. Likely the stonemasons are making one on your father’s orders. It will list his name and his accomplishments – the battles he fought and won.”
Esme looked at the surrounding plaques, honoring past kings and their achievements. “I do not see myself leading our army into battle,” she said, watching her mother closely for her reaction to this confession.
“You will no doubt have generals to do that,” Serafina said, seemingly not bothered by this weakness on her daughter’s part.
Esme felt somewhat reassured, but she still had misgivings about becoming queen one day. “I do not believe Father would think a woman fit to lead a warrior nation such as Henge.”
Serafina smiled. “No, he would not.”
Esme’s eyes grew large. “Then I shall not be Henge’s future queen?”
“I did not say that,” Serafina assured her daughter. “Only that your father would agree that Henge should be ruled by a man.”
Shalin could feel Drake stiffen beside her and saw the panicky thoughts that filled his mind. Would he, who wanted only to be a magician and musician like his father, be called upon to lead men into battle as Henge’s future king?
Serafina continued as though completely assured of her own decision. “We need only change your father’s assumptions in this regard. You are only fourteen years old. There is plenty of time for him to see the way events will evolve.”
Esme fell quiet and reflective at these words.
Shalin was happy to be left outside the discussion but wondered how crucial Esme’s choice of a husband would be to the final outcome.

After a somber lunch, the Blackwells walked out of the castle to the parade grounds, where Henge’s infantry and cavalry waited in full dress uniforms, ready to begin the memorial parade.
Every soldier wore a black armband. Every sword and metal appendage was shined to perfection.
A fanfare of trumpets signaled the start of the parade. All those dignitaries seated in the middle of the archery field stood as King Geoffrey atop his black stallion, the trim of his silver encrusted saddle gleaming, led his troops in a final salute to their old King.

After the parade, many of the officers who had fought with the old King told stories of his bravery in battles so long in the past that few remembered them.
King Blackwell gave a eulogy that left no doubt of his adoration for his father and no mention of the impatience he often felt for the old King in more recent times.
When the speeches had ended, great quantities of food were brought from the barracks and laid out on tables set up around the parade grounds.
The twins left their seats of honor in the center of the parade grounds and were free to mingle with the guests.
Electra hugged the twins and invited them to sit with her and her family.
“We already had lunch just before coming out to the parade grounds,” Shalin said. “But I will come to sit with you.”
“So will I,” Esme said, hoping her friend Dag would be there as well.

Chapter 56

Kingdom of Henge

The twins joined Electra, Dagon, Gregor, Soren, Queen Delphinia and King Geoffrey at a table set up beside the army barracks.
Delphinia was quick to stand and hug her two nieces. “I am so sorry you have lost your grandfather,” she said. “You must have been very close to him.”
“We were,” Esme said, sniffling. She looked around the table but did not see her friend Dag seated there.
Shalin took a seat next to Electra. Delphinia insisted Esme take the empty seat beside her.
“Your young friend Dag was here for a time,” Delphinia said, pointing toward the empty seat, “but he was called away by someone named Maki.”
“Dag is apprenticed to Maki the Scout,” Esme explained, wondering why Dag had been summoned. “Do you know why Maki called him away?”
“No, he was to meet this Maki at the newest iron ore dig,” Queen Delphinia said. “But you must tell us of your recent voyage. Where did Phinn the Ambassador find you?”
“He found us in Tangier,” Esme said. “We had just returned by caravan from Timbitu. We would have been on our way to Constantinople had he not intercepted us.”
“Why did you go to Timbitu?” King Geoffrey asked. “I thought you were on your way to Constantinople.”
“Soldad needed to buy more gold for the emperor’s new mint,” Esme answered.
Delphinia was quick to seize on this bit of news. “We should consider starting our own mint in Fernland, Geoffrey. Now that more money will be flowing into Fernland from port cities around the Great Sea, we should mint our own standard coinage.”
King Geoffrey looked at his wife with a curious expression. “When did you begin to take such an interest in financial affairs?”
Delphinia shrugged and smiled. “Recently.”
King Geoffrey tilted his head, still looking at Delphinia as though looking at a stranger. “I shall consider it,” he said finally.
Shalin wondered about her aunt’s sudden interest in a mint as well, but her aunt’s mind was too full of concerns for her son Prince Avor to offer any explanation of her aspiration for a mint.
Electra broke into Shalin’s thoughts with a question. “Did your mother remain healthy this trip?” she asked quietly, keeping her inquiry vague with no mention of any specific malady. 
Shalin could see in Electra’s mind that she was as worried as Esme had been about a return of malaria – the same disease that had attacked Serafina on her first trip to Timbitu.
“Yes, we all remained healthy, though we did encounter quite a severe sandstorm while traveling through the Sahara.”
“What is a sandstorm?” Gregor asked.
Most everyone at the table stopped to listen, a sandstorm being a thing none had encountered in their northern climes.
“They come on quite suddenly,” Shalin said, “Some say a wind coming off the mountains between Tangier and the desert may be the trigger. The wind-driven sand comes with great velocity. It can choke off your breathing and be quite hazardous.” Shalin felt the impact of so much attention and chose her words carefully. “We were instructed to take shelter in the lee of our camels’ bodies to protect us. The storm lasted through a day and night.”
“Did the camels die?” Gregor asked.
“No, they are well adapted to survive such storms. They all came through the storm unscathed.”
Gregor seemed about to ask another question, but Electra changed the subject. “Have you seen the finished map of the world in your mother’s library?” she asked.
“No,” Shalin said. “Corban has finished it?”
“Yes,” Electra said, taking a last bite of stew before standing. “Come with me and I will show it to you. Esme, would you like to see it as well?”
Esme stood. “Yes, certainly.”
“But they have had nothing to eat,” Delphinia objected.
“We ate earlier, before the parade,” Esme told her.

As the three walked together toward the castle, Electra explained her sudden departure. “There are events taking place that you are not yet privy to.” Electra lowered her voice. “I thought I should explain before you are led to say something you might regret.”
“What events?” Shalin asked, knowing she had sensed some undercurrent of trouble herself.
“My mother Delphinia is desperate to see my brother Avor. Father has announced that my own son Gregor is to become Fernland’s new heir to the throne and Avor will no longer be considered a part of Fernland’s royal family.”
“Would Dagon allow his son to become Fernland’s king?” Esme asked.
“No, that is another problem,” Electra said. “He will not allow it, but has not yet said so. I have promised my mother I will find a way to take her to Hormu to see Avor and perhaps find some solution to this family breach.”
“Does this have something to do with a mint in Fernland?” Esme asked.
Electra sighed. “Yes, Mother is clutching at straws. She thought going to see the mint in Constantinople might provide an excuse to sneak off to Hormu where Avor now lives as Regent to the Crown Prince of Hormu.”
“I doubt King Geoffrey would agree to that,” Shalin said.
“Of course he would not,” Electra concurred. “Phinn has offered to take us to Hormu once things settle down after the funeral, but we still have to conceive of a plausible reason to sail from Fernland to the Great Sea. One that will pass muster with King Geoffrey.” 
“Perhaps I could think of a reason that would include my going as well,” Shalin said.
“All in good time,” Electra said. “Before long the snows will be upon us and no one will be traveling anywhere.” She looked at Esme. “Will you be spending the winter with us in Helsop?”
“I hope so,” Esme said. “But I have no wish to go to Hormu or Constantinople; of that I am sure. It seems Father hopes to find us both husbands in Constantinople’s royal family.”
Electra stopped walking and stared at Esme. “Truly?” She took a deep breath. “It seems winter cannot come soon enough. We all need some time to rest and reflect.”
“Yes, I need time in my animal hospital and time in the forest. And I need to find Dag to learn why he was called away from the funeral meal.”
“Go ahead to the pit, I will make an excuse for you if anyone asks where you are,” Electra said. “And tell Dag we will likely leave for Helsop tomorrow.”

Chapter 57

Kingdom of Henge

Esme waved a grateful goodbye to Electra and Shalin as she took off running toward the newest pit mine high on the hill above the castle. It had been months since she had seen her best friend.
She saw Dag standing at the edge of an open pit, not far from the great mound where her grandfather was interred.
Dag looked up to see her running toward him and opened his arms to her. She raced into his welcoming hug as he closed his arms around her. “I am so sorry about your grandfather,” he said, murmuring into the top of her hair.
Esme took a deep shuddering breath, savoring the closeness before stepping back.
“You have grown taller since I last saw you,” she said.
“Perhaps you have grown shorter,” he teased.
Esme narrowed her eyes. “What was the emergency that called you here to the pit? Delphinia said Maki sent for you to come at once.”
Dag laughed. “It was something of a food emergency, it seems. You know we in Helsop never turn down an opportunity to eat. When the miners heard there was free food for all-comers, they looked for someone to relieve them of their responsibilities here at the pit. We never leave a new dig unattended. Since I am the youngest militia member here, I was sent for.”
“Did you have a chance to eat before you were called away?” Esme asked.
“A little, but no worry. I plan to make up for my loss later at the barrack’s mess hall.” He smiled. “But enough about me. Tell me what you have been up to these many months. Have you new stories to tell?”
Esme nodded. “So many. I hardly know where to start.”
“Where did Phinn find you?” Dag asked. “There is a starting point.”
“We had just arrived back in Tangier,” Esme began. “We took a long detour back to Timbitu when we first arrived in Tangier because Soldad had to buy more gold for the emperor’s mint.”
“And what route did you take this time to Timbitu?” Dag asked.
“We went straight south over the Atlas Mountains and through the Sahara Desert by caravan.”
Dag’s face turned wistful. “What I would not give to make such a trek.”
“It was first cold in the mountains, then hot and dry in the desert. The water was brackish but even so, carefully rationed. I did grow fond of my camel as the journey continued.”
Dag smiled. “You would. And what of your foremost fear? Did your mother relapse into malaria?”
Esme frowned. “No, she did not. I need not have gone. It seems the bad air that produces malaria lies in the humid jungles and wetlands south of Timbitu.”
“So you did not reach the famed city of Constantinople?”
“No, and that was the best part for me. I was already longing for the forests of Helsop when Phinn arrived with his terrible news.”
“Now that your grandfather is no longer with us it seems everyone is eager to profess his love for the old king.”
“Did you like him?” Esme asked.
“I did, rather. I was surprised when Uncle Dagon told me the old King liked me, since he did nothing but frown in my presence. But after Dagon told me that, I looked closer at his behavior and realized that his peevishness was often a mark of his affection. In fact, I believe Cook was one of his favorite people.”
Esme laughed. “You are right. She was. He loved the way she stood up to him and ignored his most insolent behavior.”
“Your grandfather was quite unique.”
Esme was quiet for a moment. “Do you think I take after him?” she asked.
Dag seemed shocked at first, and did not answer right away. “I suppose you might at that.” His eyes crinkled with amusement. “Do you believe you are quarrelsome with the people you love most?”
Esme blushed to the roots of her hair. “No, certainly not.”
Dag’s smile grew bigger. “I see.”
“You do not see.” Esme wondered if she should tell Dag about her father wanting to marry her off to a member of Constantinople’s royal family. She quickly decided against it. Instead, she asked Dag a question. “Where do you see yourself ten years from now?”
 Dag’s smile vanished as he gave Esme a curious look. “I see myself as a full-fledged- scout, of course. I will be a member of Helsop’s militia.”
“Do you have a desire to be anything more? Would you take Dagon’s place as head of the militia?”
“I hope not. That would mean Dagon would be either dead or incapacitated and that is a thing I do not wish to see.”
Esme nodded. “My mother sees me as heir to Henge’s throne – the future Queen of Henge.”
Dag drew himself up straighter, as though she might already be a queen. “I see. And is this a station you aspire to?”
“No, I mean, it would be a great honor, but I do not see myself as a soldier. I do not see myself leading an army into battle.”
Dag nodded. “What will you do if your father agrees with your mother and makes you heir apparent?”
“I do not know. It weighs on me. Luckily, I do not have to make the decision now.” She smiled. “Perhaps I never shall have to make it.”
“How does Shalin feel about your mother’s decision?” Dag asked.
“She is happy with it. She says she would refuse the position should it ever be offered to her.”
Dag nodded. “Your grandfather loved being king. Perhaps you would love it as well.”
“Likely if I were a son, I would. Since I am not, it is perhaps a thing I need not worry about. Father is very traditional in his views.”
“Yes, I believe you are right about that,” Dag agreed. “Perhaps he would choose Drake over you.”
Esme thought about young Drake, dressed up as a fortuneteller, using his latest tricks to play a part in a performance and wondered. “Electra says we will likely leave for Helsop tomorrow.”
“Good. We have been too long away from home.”
“Yes,” Esme said. “I hope to make at least one more foray into Helsop’s forests before the snows come.”
“We will make that our first priority, after eating a traditional Helsop meal of dried fish.”
Esme laughed and pushed Dag lightly toward the open pit, ready to call him back with her powers should he begin to lose his balance and fall into pit. She was surprised when she realized her gentle nudge had no effect whatsoever. He was immovable. It seemed Dag had grown in stability as well as in height while she was away.

Chapter 58

Kingdom of Henge

That night Shalin and Esme were back in their own room at Henge’s castle. It seemed their long trip through the Sahara to Timbitu and back had gone by in a blur.
“How did Dag fair in our absence?” Shalin asked Esme.
“It seems he is assigned the tasks others do not want since he is the youngest militia member here,” Esme said.
“Did he miss you?”
“I am sure he missed teasing me,” Esme allowed. “Likely since I am younger than he. That seems to be the order of things.”
“And your feelings for him remain unchanged?” Shalin prodded.
“If you mean, do I prefer being with him in Helsop’s forests over being with some pampered prince in the Emperor’s palace in Constantinople, then yes, my feelings remain unchanged,” Esme said, irritated by the vague question.
“Did you tell him about our Father’s plans for our future?” Shalin persisted.
“No,” Esme said. “Why would I? Father’s plans are not my plans. I am studying to be a physician. I can make my own way in life. I do not need to marry anyone. I may decide to take up residence with the Silent Men. Certainly being a goddess is preferable to being a queen.”
Shalin laughed. “It does seem you have many options.” She paused to consider her own options. “Soldad thought I might make my way in the world as a trader. I see his strategies quite clearly—buy at the source and sell where the product is in short supply.”
Now it was Esme’s turn to laugh. “I suppose if you were allowed to travel with Phinn and the acting troupe, you could learn a lot from Lars the Trader. You already know a lot of languages, though most are no longer spoken.”
 Shalin smiled, thinking of her parents’ reaction should she announce her plans to become a trader. “Such a life would enable me to go from port to port studying ancient cities and frequenting libraries where ancient knowledge awaits.”
“You need not become a trader when you can simply marry one and travel with him,” Esme said. “I believe Soldad has promised to come again soon to take you and Mother to Constantinople?”
“Yes, he has promised that. And I know he will keep his promise.” Shalin looked at Esme, seated on her bed, her back against the bed frame and her legs crossed in front of her. She knew her sister was not as relaxed as she appeared to be. “Mother will want you to come with us to help with her research on Greek fire. You were, after all, the one who found the mention of the delivery apparatus for Greek fire in the codices of Timti’s library.”
“That was a chance occurrence. It would likely not happen again,” Esme insisted. “There is no need for me to go. I do not believe she is in danger of a malaria relapse in Constantinople.”
“She will surely insist you go. If for no other reason, to meet the members of Constantinople’s royal family.”
Esme threw her hands in the air. “I will not marry into Constantinople’s royal family and that is the end of it.”
“You believe then, that Dag will be your husband if you become Henge’s queen?”
Esme frowned. “I believe it is not a thing he would aspire to. He only wants to be a good scout and a member of Helsop’s militia.”
“But he might assent to it out of love for you,” Shalin said.
Esme was silent for a moment. “It is not a question of love. He would think our father’s blessing on such a union would not be forthcoming.”
“And he is likely correct in his thinking,” Shalin said. “Father likely believes it is essential that one of us marry a royal of some sort who would be fit for the job of ruling Henge or at least commanding Henge’s army.”
Esme sighed. “In that case, you should be the one to make the sacrifice for Henge. Find a prince in Constantinople whose company you can tolerate and let him make the move to Henge.”
“And then what of my hope to study ancient cities? You at least are content to stay here in Henge. You have no desire to travel to foreign lands.”
“I am not going to Constantinople under any circumstances,” Esme declared. “Let Drake or Phinn secure Henge’s future.”
Shalin knew her mother would find a way to ensure Esme’s presence in Constantinople but decided to drop the subject. “Will you leave tomorrow with Electra to return to Helsop?” she asked.
Yes,” Esme replied, relieved to be off the subject of Constantinople and the Emperor’s family. “We should not dally. Already the winds carry the scent of snow.”
Shalin nodded. “Mother plans to begin her experimentation with explosives during the winter months. She seems to prefer to do such work alone, perhaps because of the danger involved.”
Esme agreed. “She has an alarming love of working with explosives. I wish she would leave such experiments to the army.”
“Father shares your wish,” Shalin said. “I heard them arguing about it earlier today.”
“This whole plan of ferrying explosives to various ports in the Great Sea is rife with danger,” Esme said. “King Geoffrey means to sell the first lot, but Father will take the next shipment to be sold.”
“Will Helsop take a turn, do you think?” Shalin asked.
“I believe they plan to take a turn selling swords and tools, but they have no explosives to sell,” Esme said. “They really have no need to carry their wares to foreign ports. The whole world is coming to Helsop now, to buy them. Soon we will be a village of inns and souks like Tangier.”
Shalin smiled. “Who could have imagined it? Tiny Helsop on the edge of Cold Lake—a major hub of world trade.”
“You should come with us tomorrow,” Esme urged. “There is nothing for you to do here in Henge during the winter months. The trading ships will go to dry dock and the snows will come. You could help Electra translate her Fish Book.”
“That actually sounds quite tempting,” Shalin said. “But I feel I should stay here. Father is grieving Grandfather’s death and Mother is planning dangerous experiments. They need my presence. I can spend some time helping Phinn and the acting troupe in their rehearsals. Now that they have a ship again, I am sure they will be planning new voyages, come spring.”
Phinn has promised Aunt Delphinia a trip to Hormu aboard his ship,” Esme said. “If she can persuade Uncle Geoffrey of her need to accompany Phinn on a voyage to the Great Sea, she may have some hope of managing to see our cousin Avor.”
Shalin nodded. “And Electra has promised to accompany her. I hope to be aboard a ship myself, come spring, hopefully with Soldad on our way to Constantinople.”
Esme smiled. “Fair winds to you then. Think of me strolling through the forests of Helsop with no care in the world as you sail the ports of the Great Sea or break bread with the Emperor’s family.”
Shalin blew out the flame atop the lone candle between their beds. “For now, we can only dream.”



